 Having explored the Cruise Liner and discovering no life on board Sabbath Black and the Angel version of Cameron Scott albeit most likely of darkened aspirations found quarters. Cam led her to what was referred to as the Palace. Essentially the Presidential Suite in the memory of a certain Mouse Creator. Luxury at it's finest. Even in the faded light both could see in the darkness perfectly. A large set of French doors leading off of the room found a private pool although small. If only it had water.

Amid the closet of the room were clothing left behind by prior residents. Wherever they went they left with very little. The ship was near perfect condition in every way save for a coat of dust. Sifting the closets contents Sabbath discovered stunning gowns. Swimwear. Even a fur coat of Mink. All beautiful and befitting someone of power. She tried on numerous outfits with a joyful expression. She looked magnificent. Even though she could not see herself in a mirror. Still she tried. Posing as if a model.

As she stares at an empty mirror something captures her eye. It was almost as if she could see movement within it. Could it be that her Vampirism was shifting inside her seeking to let the real Sabbath Black ironically step into the light? The light of her true self. If not she fidgeted, what else could it be?

She hears a loud popping noise that startles her. Her study of the mirror given up on in favor of the noise. Stepping cautiously out of the closet she spots Cameron Scott holding a bottle of Champagne. Two glasses in hand. Dressed to kill. She worried of that probability. Trying not to let him see and read her thoughts. This Cameron seemed to not share the bond as heavily with her as the other Cameron. That in itself spooked her slightly. Yet, this Cameron seemed so sweet. Still the same persona. Yet, something was amiss. 

"You look handsome." She tries to be cordial. 

"Yeah? It's Armani. A famous clothing designer born long after you were. If I do say so myself I could easily be the next James Bond. Bubbly? Shaken not stirred." He laughs.

Pouring champagne she accepts her glass sniffing at it. She had been a Vampire so long now that the memory of certain scents escaped her. Even the taste. Regardless the bubbles tickled her nose in a sensitive manner. Her fusing cells of microbes expectant of a meal of any kind. In her case Sabbath felt their appetite not unlike her bloodlust. Yet, these microbes helped contain her need for human blood. Of that she was thankful. They although would require sustenance at some point.

"Try it. It's a good vintage. Found it in the ships Wine Cellar. Oh, right. Not used to anything but blood. Let's hope we can change that. Funny, but even though my body is a Hodge Podge of dark bullshit I feel the light inside. The Cameron soul is keeping me sane. I think." He laughs with a smirk setting the bottle on a table.

"You do not feel the influence of Lilith or Verago?"

"Not really. Fingers crossed I never do. I feel pretty darn good actually. I know one thing."

"What is that?"

"I care about a certain British Beauty." He steps closer to admire her cleavage behind her red dress. His left hand palming the small of her back and tugging her to his chest. 

Smiling brightly he clinks his glass against hers. 

"Too you. Good times. No more bad." He invites.

She wanted to believe in him. He was so charming. Yet, so was the original Cameron. All she could do was give him a chance. Feeling his heart rate pulsing she sensed he was being genuine. She would form her opinion another day. For now she loved her new surroundings.

"Wish we had some Tommy Dorsey."

"Tommy Dorsey?" She tilts her head with a confused look.

Cam nods, "Yep. Big band sound. One of the best. Jazz, Swing. You would have loved his stuff. I know you like dancing." The name Dorsey suddenly made him recall the Military Officer that killed the Ganthorians. Lucas Dorsey. Eyes narrowing he changes his mind.

"Better yet Guy Lombardo. Anyway. No such music. How about I just hum a tune?"

He begins with humming one song then grins changing the song to another fond memory. Bobby Darin's Jack the Knife. This time he sang it. Taking her on a tender dance. She glowed at his performance. It was so cute. He was a pretty decent dancer. In his romantic gesture her microbial cellmates caught on and hummed the instrumental. Feeding off of Cameron's emotions. He allowed them in. Something he had not allowed Sabbath.

Still she let it go. Enjoying herself. Clear until the final dip. Laughter shared by both. It was magical. To say the least.

"That was fun." She smiled taking the risk of sipping her Champagne. The taste making her wince at first then bite her lower lip. She finished it off in two gulps.

"Well now! Someone likes the vine more than the vein."

"It is quite good."

In there moment of fawning eyes something outside makes them hesitate. Both sensing a disturbance. He starts to lead Sabbath by hand toward the French Door when she pulls away.

"Cameron? The moon."

"Crap. Sorry. Almost forgot. I'll go check it out. You get comfy. Pour another glass. Be back in a minute."

"Be careful."

"Babe! I battled through hell to get to you."

She is taken by surprise at his statement. Had he really?

Storming through the door he marches out on to the landing and senses a commotion. It sounded like a primitive language stressed out. Fearful yet amazed. Unable to see over the sides due to the rooms centered structure he took his jacket, tie, cummerbund, and shirt off to entice his dark wings out of his back.

Sabbath witnessed his transformation and taking flight. It was a thing of beauty. Perhaps he was not as bad as she worried he might be. Her emotions mixed. She just missed the Cameron who was. This Cameron who might still be. It was the heritage that spawned his return that ruined her emotions.

Outside Cameron flew high and glared about toward the grounds surrounding the ship. Below to his shock were hundreds of glowing people. Frolicking about without menace. It was obvious that the ships Passengers were somehow in a state of flux. Here. Not here. Spirits? Regardless it was not they that created the commotion. It was the Neanderthals. They were walking amongst the spirits as if trying to communicate with them. It was an interesting situation.

His decision made Cameron fluttered his wings into a downward spiral and arcs his body for a soft landing amid the ghosts. The second he touched the ground the spirits halted movement. All looking directly at him. Without malice. Merely inquisitive.

"Howdy Folks. Throwing a going away party?" He rather hoped. He wanted to get back to Sabbath.

The spirits try to speak but no words escape. Only the Neanderthal's seemed to hear their voices. And, they were hesitant to run from Cameron. The female in particular seemed curious of Cameron's stature. The males growing jealous instantly.

"Calm down Amigo's. I got no interest in your gal. Got my own up there. What's with all these Island Hoppers?"

What appeared to be the Captain of the Vessel spoke in silence toward the male dominant of the Cave Folk without a Cave. Cam grew intrigued by the fact they could hear him but he could not. Approaching the Captain Cam placed his hand out and phased through his ghost like body. His touch creating pain within the spirit. He swiftly retracted his hand.

"Sorry Cap. I didn't know that would hurt you."

As one touch retreats another approaches. This time the female Neanderthal reached around Cameron and gripped his manhood. Hidden beneath his train of feathers. The shock made Cam billow his wings to scare her away. Not her. She stood her ground. The males however used sticks to jab at him angrily.

"Hey now! I didn't coax in ole Lucy here. You Fella's must not be doing something right if she's flirting. What's the deal here? How can you guys hear the spirits and I can't? Now would be a good time for one of those communication collars James gave everyone. Not like we had time to ask for one."

Shrugging at what to do he hears a vicious screeching sound. Then feels the disturbance of wings upon the night sky.

"Momma's Boys." Cam grimaces. He knew the calling. Vampires that had escaped to lead their own lives were on the hunt. Most likely looking for both prey and a new home. Not in his Castle they wouldn't. Nobody would take away this moment from him.

"Safe bet the Vampires never took the lives of these spirits. Had to be something else. Can't hurt them in their state so they're okay. If I leave the Four Amigos here they're going to be drained before I get back to Sabbath."

A pair of Bat like Vampires land amid the congregation of Women and Children spirits. Confused by their lack of fear. A boy even looks up at a Vamp smiling. The moment of response time was all Cam needed. In a blur of speed he snaps the Vampires neck and rips its head from his body. The other Vampire lets out a cry of loss taking flight. Cam lets him go.

The Neanderthals cower and huddle as one at the sight. Cam walks over to them and crouches.

"Don't be scared. I'll keep you guys safe. They might come back. I can't leave you guys here." He looks up at the ship groaning, "So much for my romantic dinner. As if we had a dinner." He then smiles at the primitives, "No. You're not the main course. Calm it down."

On the side of the ship he notes a chain ladder dangling over the hull. Standing up he takes the hand of the female. She was fearless. The males objecting until he hissed at them. Holding the female he takes flight and hauls her up to the ships deck.

"Stay here Lucy."

He then returns for another. The shorter Male is forced to submit. He then takes him up to the ladder. Showing him how to climb it. Not so easy but the Male managed. One by one he brought the others to the ladder and let them do the work of reaching Lucy.

"Ladies night. You guys have to work for it if you wanna win the girl." He then soars up to the deck landing beside Lucy. She immediately appeared drawn to Cameron. Eyes sparkling. Even for a primitive they were gorgeous. Too bad her breath was like rotten fish.

"Up comes Lorenzo, Moe, and Gomez. The Three Amigos." He chuckles at their awkward landing on the deck. Hearing more bats in the night Cam shakes his head. He didn't have a choice. They would have to join him and Sabbath. Anywhere else on board the ship and the Vamps would find them. 

"Come on. But, you're sleeping on the floor. And, I better not get fleas in my bed." He retracts his wings and guides them through the ship. It took forever because they had to examine every little thing in their path. Curiosity at even their reflection in a window. 

Cam recalls a souvenir shop and decides to at least make them more presentable. Taking on a Fatherly approach as he chooses T-shirts for each of them. A White Minnie Mouse tee for Lucy brought out her eyes. As well as the boys touching her shirt.

Inevitably her breasts. Minnie scolded them for sure.

The shorter Neanderthal Lorenzo wore a Donald Duck. Moe a Mickey Mouse. Gomez a Goofy Tee. Cameron had to help them put the shirts on. Without him knowing Sabbath had made the journey down in the shadows to observe Cameron's concern for the early men and early woman. She smiled at his jokes. The primitives growing close to him by the minute. Even going so far as to laugh amongst themselves.

She decides to step into the room hugging the walls for safety in shadow. The moon was high and there were hundreds of windows all around them. Cam instantly felt her presence. Turning toward her he grins.

"Sorry I'm taking so long. I had to get the kids dressed for school."

"They are darling. Cameron you have such a good heart." She tried to believe.

"You feel the Vampires outside?"

"I did. You did the right thing bringing them inside."

"Yeah, but unless they stay in our room the Vamps are going to come after them. You just know the second we leave these guys alone they're going to roam."

"There is truth in that. If we must."

Cam rubs the back of his neck. He eyes Sabbath with a glint of depression. She calls him closer as the children follow behind him. She touches his cheek to inform he that she was as needy as he. Perhaps it was for the best. Her doubts still lingered. Waning but there.

"We have time Cameron. I understand what you want from me. I want it as well. Another night?"

"After the kids are asleep?"

She giggles, "We shall see."

Lucy crawls to Cam's calves and hugs his leg. Sabbath looking down at her with curiosity. Lucy sharing eye contact with her. A hint of jealousy formed between the two. It was nonsense yet apparent.

"Easy now Lucy. This is my girl. You go play with the boys back there. Oh, by the way. The passengers from this ship? They're outside playing."

Sabbath winces, "What?"

"Weird! There's hundreds of them. Like glowing spirits though. They're trying to speak to me but I can't hear them. The Four Amigos here do hear them though. Trouble is I don't understand Caveman 101."

"Oh my. I wonder what happened to them."

"Question for tomorrow. Right now let's dance."

"Dance?"

"Yep. Ballroom right next door."

"Oh." She grins, "After all this you still want to dance?"

"Absolutely. I'm dancing that sexy red dress off that sexy white body."

"Cameron. Not in front of--them."

"Looks to me like the Three Amigos there need some coaching. Poor Lucy looks sex starved. For now let's just dance. Shall we?"

Hesitantly she claims his hooked arm and joins him from one section of the Liner too another. A magnificent Ball Room with chandeliers, a bandstand with instruments already set up, décor straight out of Cinderella. Cam even found a glass slipper in a display case that he rushes away to get. Returning to kneel on one knee. Laughing Sabbath lifts her bare foot and lets him slip it on. Slightly snug but it did indeed fit. After the other is placed on he stands. Holding her fingertips.

"Okay. No stepping on my toes."

"There is no music. Do you plan on singing again?"

A sudden bang and clang of drums startles her. Cam unwavering looks over his shoulder. The Three Amigos had discovered the musical instruments. Moe slapping a palm on the drums then stepping back fearful of it. Only to slap at it again. It was humorous.

It seemed like the Boys were the only ones really intrigued by things. The female Lucy appeared laid back and submissive. Almost shivering with an expectant chill. Sabbath notices her reactions to the Men. She felt bad for her. Her jealousy overlooked now. A passing emotion.

As Cam eyed the Three stumbling amid the brass section he spots something that makes him clap his hands. A replication of Edison's First cylinder phonograph. One if worked he knew would play whatever music was there to play. He quickly examines it and discovers below the phonograph were a large number of cylinders with music upon them in a cabinet. Sabbath heard a resounding, "YESSSSSS!"

The Amigo's left the bandstand and trudged toward Cameron. Cam immediately made it clear with a deafening hiss that this was his possession. Not to be fucked with. The Neanderthals quickly faded back respecting his leadership.

"Sorry Sabbath. The guys can't bust this up. We now have music. I wanna keep it that way. No power out here and this cranks without it. Listen."

He winds the phonograph and plays what was already installed. A beautiful rendition of Vivaldi's Four Seasons. Once it began playing the Neanderthal's became noisy and darted about in a panic. It was amusing. Cam notes Sabbath's reaction with awe. She had literally seen a Vivaldi performance albeit through an orchestra she could not recall the name of in London when she and Lillian were children. Her palm immediately covered her lips with surprise.

"I love this performance."

"Good. So do I. Again...." He speeds to her side, "Shall we prance."

Her heart flutters now that she is not quite a Vampire anymore. Her more human side becoming involved. Accepting his charming proposal of dance he guides her beautifully around the dance floor. Quickly lost in the others eyes. 

Oblivious to both of them they miss out Lorenzo and Gomez attempting to mimic their dance. Like Frankenstein on roller skates. It was a brilliant to say the least. They thirsted for knowledge. Moe feeling left out tried to break them up. It became a push fest. One that hardly interrupted Cam and Sabbath until the song ended. In a swift replacement Cam replaced the cylinder with a roll of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro, K. 492: Overture.

Her dance partner returning they danced on through the night.

Poor Lucy had given up and had strayed over to the French Doors and stepped outside after figuring out the simple door handles. Harmless as she gathers Cam's earlier discarded clothing and sits cradling it like a lost child. She stared up at the moon. The music forming a tear in her eye.

Left alone the two nurturing lovers to be grew emotionally closer as the music played. She could feel Cameron's genuine warmth as he held her. It felt remarkable. Even his manhood caressing her thigh as they clung to one another. The evening was Magical indeed.

Cameron couldn't take it anymore. His desire for Sabbath brewing up a storm within him. Unknown to her his eyes grow dark. His fangs bare ever so lightly. His senses becoming bestial. Sensing his strength upon her spine she dares to look up. In a blur Sabbath found her dress shredded from her body. Forced on all fours she relents to his expectation. Her own eyes murky at the desires she had tried to resist. Hugging the floor with her right cheek she awaits him to rip his pants away and stand tall. His body glistening a foreboding white in contrast to her own. Dark wings erupt from his back at a specific beat in the song. Cascading her in his feathers for a graceful tickle upon her flesh. 

A massive cock discovers her pussy in seconds. The rest was a maddening ride of terror. The music stopping their sex continued. Ferociously. Wings become a living thing. Feathers encircle her throat strangling her as his hips pound noisily upon her thighs and milky ass. Only a straining growl emits through a tightening windpipe.

Cameron's fingers grow dark talons that sink deep into her ass cheeks. Curling her cheeks in a stunning roll that offers him a succulent view of his masterful insertions. Admiring her every twitch, reacting with his own. Before his eyes he spots her microbial cellmates racing away from his touch. His penetration feared by even they. It was like a wash of color escaping the hue beneath. Sabbath had no idea but her ass was now its original pinkish tone. Somehow Cameron had converted her partially human.

Wings releasing her throat they obtain her wrists, curling about them with restraint. She grew powerless to his takeover. Her upper body literally being pulled up from the floor and suspended in the air. Now her alabaster breasts wagged with his thrusting. Her dark eyes rolling back into her head.

His nails release her ass in trails of spattered blood. A blood that Cameron had to taste upon his tongue. Once sampled he reaches out violently and scars her back in ripping flesh. Blood trickling out each and every stretch of exposed muscle. Shockingly Sabbath Black endured without so much as a scream. She was in tune with his desires. Dark yet required. Every beast had its moments.

As he prepares a devastating rapture of cum a loud set of shrill screeches interrupt their moment. Cam returning to normal shakes off his inner evil. Looking about him to discover a sickly sight. The Three Amigos were mounting one another and liking it. Like a gross Conga line of sweaty penetration.

"Ummm! Guys? You have a girl."

"Cameron! The female." His feathers had released Sabbath toppling her to the floor. Outside their room stood a trio of Vampires holding Lucy. In her defense the Three Amigos separated and charged after their friend. The Vamps taking flight with Lucy.
