 In the early hours of the morning General Obadiah Ridge grew weary. Having spent the last five hours going over secret documents from all over the world. Primarily Africa and Asia. Information not shared by many still alive to betray the organization called REGION. Even if they had no true intentions of treachery. Certain things were as they say maintained. Ridge himself had already presumed that his day would come.

That was why he made Judith Lamb sleep on the floor. She hardly put up resistance. Although in the seat of power at REGION on the surface the lovely woman was only privy to so much. Obadiah Ridge would tap her power dry and move up the ladder. 

Waking up without an alarm the General had trained his mind to adapt to time and schedules. Calculating every minute for what was required of his workload. Taking a leave of absence from the Military to delve into his Families disappearance took top priority. He would make the most of his time. 

Sitting up in bed he dangled his legs over the side. Below him sprawled out was Judith. He had to admit she was extraordinarily beautiful. In a nerdy kind of Librarian way. Her intentions seemed noble but he knew how to see through things pretty well. There was more to her than she wanted him to see. He would keep an eye on her.

Unlike his eyes examining her milky thighs. Freshly shaven of dark pubes. Only a tiny little oval track of hair for appearance was allowed. No tattoos like most. Merely an intriguing birthmark on her hip. One in the shape of all things the Big Dipper. He decides to leave her there and shower again to wake up. While showering he smelled coffee.

Obviously she was awake. Hearing the bathroom door open he finds Judith brave enough to walk right in and empty her bladder in the toilet. While holding a mug of steaming brew.

"You are quite the brave one Ms. Lamb."

"Judith. Please."

"Ms. Lamb will suffice." He shuts the water off and opens the curtain. She sat there holding a fresh towel up for him. Her eyes were bright looking over her cup.

"I won't apologize for who I am General. I have needs too. I understand your turning me away. It shows me just how important your wife is."

"Madigan is a rock. If she truly survived this planes disappearance it only adds more to that assumption. She is trying to get back home. I want to know everything about this Lucas Dorsey. Arrange a meeting with his Granddaughter. Being there when I was means you folks must feel she knows more than she lets on."

"We do. Well, the Higher ups do. I just do their foot work."

"Like attempting to seduce me?"

"Testing you. Finding your convictions. You passed. For the record? I would still do anything you wanted of me. Without their influence. I love a Gentleman that knows what he wants. You obviously want your Wife."

"I never gave up hope. All those months of land and sea searches off Malaysia were more dedicated than that passenger plane a few years back. Being a Military flight gives us more clout. Nothing. No debris. No eye witness reports. No..."

"Oh there are eye witness reports."

"What?" He narrows his eyes.

"A research vessel off the coast of Singapore measured the flights frequencies upon disappearing. Light refractions. Cloud cover. Anything that might offer clues as to the experiments destination. The plane was meant to return. Something went wrong."

"You people knew it would vanish?" He grows agitated, "You took my family from me?"

"Unintentionally. Please know it was nothing I could have prevented. I'm essentially a spokesperson. Nothing more. I look the part. I'm smart. I seldom ask questions. I know the risks."

"Then, you know I feel like strangling you right now."

She offers a beguiling smile, "I thought you would never offer."

"Like it rough do you?"

"Very."

"Good. Get the fuck out of my Hotel room. Do not ever approach me like this again. Business only."

"I might change your mind. I--know things." She whispers flushing the toilet then pointing at the toilet paper holder. He surmised there was a hidden bug. He dries off and abandons the bathroom. His calculated schedule was going to be off today. He felt knowledge coming.

She follows him into the main living area. Acting like a lost puppy she kneels in front of him as he steps into the closet for a fresh uniform. Her back facing away from the room she smiles up at him with a sheepish grin. In response he sneers down at her. In her teeth appeared something dark and looking like a microchip. Her mouth hiding it the second he notices.

"Are you certain you wouldn't like some attention?" She winks.

Stoic he ponders her reasons. Finally, judgment took over. She was attempting to offer him something that her bosses at REGION were hiding from him. She was putting her life on the line for the General. He nods knowing he had to play along.

"Oh for Pete's sake. Suck my cock already." He bellows.

Smiling with a faint blush Judith complies. Her lips molding around a timid beast. Licking his foreskin and his balls. Trying not to swallow the microchip flash drive she devours his cock for multiple thrusts. To any cameras witnessing her blowjob they would most likely see only the back of her head and the General's reaction. 

Ridge tilts his head back slightly yet maintained a smug controlling atmosphere about his expression. Certainly her beauty helped. Her lips warm and wet. Eager to please. He wondered how she managed to get the flash drive safely into her mouth after sipping hot coffee. The woman was obviously resourceful. If she were using him he would indeed strangle her. Her goal was obviously to reach out to Obadiah without suspicion. After all the behind the scenes Leaders of REGION knew her for the nympho that she was. The General was just a prize. 

In her deep throating she gagged and looked up at him with a wink. Her tongue had literally introduced the chip into the urinary track of his crown. Careful not to plant it too deep. He felt a tiny sting as it was inserted but kept a straight face. The intrusion making him edgy. 

"Enough." He nudges her back to palm his cock. Jerking off to the potential cameras. His palm twisting his crown. Careful palms release the chip from his beast and he hides it well. Reaching out to hang his uniform back up he stashes the chip in his pockets. Returning his gaze toward Judith he merely jacks off over her awaiting face. She was happy to wear his cum.

"Get out. I will see you at REGION in two days. Never come to my room like this unless invited."

Judith stands and offers a pout. Looking around she finds her heels and steps to the door. Opening it she finds her red dress hanging from the door knob. Showing it to the General she leaves his room. Putting the dress back on in the hallway.

Ridge went about as if nothing had occurred. Placing on boxers and a pair of black socks. Slapping on cologne before donning his uniform. His demeanor was spot on. No one had a better poker face than Obadiah Ridge. He would use a pinky to feel the chip as he straightened his medals. No one would know differently. Shoes on and hat properly situated on his head Ridge left his room. He had ideas on where to begin.

First contact.

Neville and Dorothea Pryce. Address the Hampton's of New York.

Billions of years in the past.

James Ian Pryce looked over the newly acquired Ultrasound machine. Deeming it as a working machine he went about creating a power source for it. The Ganthorian ship didn't have traditional outlets. Therefore he had to rig up something similar. Not all that difficult. 

Ruby Goddard watched him work. Elle Franklin sitting on a table swaying her legs while keeping the beautiful Colonel occupied. Half expecting her belly to light up at any moment she was prepared. Wearing a translator collar to assist in any hidden languages. So far the letters were traditional English. Nothing special about it. However it occurred to her that the lights themselves might have a secret code. She really didn't know. It was a stretch.

In the unloading of the Medical supplies Elle had discovered a cache of pregnancy tests. Whether they would still be good was the question. James quickly shot down their effectiveness. Elle suspected as much. They had been left in the Cargo ship since the 1960's. 

Regardless of the tests James had the vision of recreating the correct hCG antibody through cells held in Ganthorian lockup. If that didn't work there was another possibility. One that Ruby might object to. The dyes were also easy enough to implement. 

"Okay. We're going to use this entire case if we have to." James reports, "Old expired meet scientific reconceive. These antibody's I syphoned from the Ganthorians genetics lab are alive but aren't human. Luckily these didn't need to be frozen. The question is will they work on human hCG."

"Can't we just use the Ultrasound?" Ruby shrugs.

"We can. But, if we use this equipment and it burns out due to age and the power source I'm using we're back to square one. We may only get one shot with it. Let's start with a test."

"Oh, so I have to piss on a stick like a thousand times."

"We can always wait and see if you get a baby bump." Elle smirks.

Ruby tosses a pregnancy test box at her, "Big help."

"Here's my question James." Elle perks up, "At this stage how would a baby be able to spell let alone write?"

"Might be a genius like me." He chuckles then turns away quickly to hide his embarrassment. That and the sudden thought that had occurred to him that he would keep to himself.

"Keep your head turned." Ruby shakes her head as she drops her pants. Stepping out of them to stand in only a thong from the waist down. Peeling the thong aside she straddles a bucket and urinates on a test strip. Followed by a readied second one. That would have to be enough. For now. She hadn't drank enough water lately to have the need to piss much.

Then it became a waiting game. Putting her pants back on she clears her throat, "You can turn now."

James nods and glares over his shoulder as Ruby holds one test. Elle the other. James was glad their attention was on the tests. If his suspicions were true he might be in more trouble yet.

At the door Xander the pet German Shepard of James Ian whines. Behind him crept up two rabbits. Both staring at the trio. They were the one thing that James couldn't pinpoint. What was their connection to Ruby? He might have to corner one and find out. If it meant knocking one out and planting a telepathy feed to James like Xander had. It was an option. 

"Negative." Elle scowled.

Ruby appeared edgy until her own answer made her look up with a dry expression, "Positive."

"Keep trying. We'll go with the ratio." James prompts.

"Dammit!" 

Ruby would be there for hours.

Over a hundred miles away.

Sabbath Black gathered her strength and climbed from her cabin bed. Getting dressed in a shorter outfit than accustomed too she felt sexy. Her days of being a Lady long past. She loved her long white legs. Never having to shave was a plus. Discovering lipstick she applies some just for fun. Maybe Cameron would like it on her. Blood red was her color after all.

Leaving her cabin she heads upstairs toward the Palace. Outside the door she stops to listen. There was no noise whatsoever. Listening for heartbeats found nothing. She feared the possibility Cameron might have drained them in the night. Dismissing that idea after utilizing her sensitive nostrils. There was no odor of death. Nor of blood in the air.

Entering she finds the room vacant. The bed was made. It looked pristine in there. Had the maid shown up? She smiled knowing that was impossible. Until Lucy stepped from the bathroom. Wearing a French Maid's outfit. Holding a feather duster.

"Oh my Lord." Sabbath giggles. She saw the sparkle in Lucy's eyes. Even with her limited intelligence she found purpose and pride in her attire. No way did she clean this room. Walking about she spots Cameron laying out by the empty pool in a speedo. She knew he was trying to make her laugh. The cave folk Gomez, Moe, and Lorenzo were dressed like Waiters. No way could Sabbath contain her laughter. Gomez fanning Cameron with a giant ornate paper fan. Moe holding a teetering tray of shot glasses. All filled with Tequila from the bar. Lorenzo wearing dark sunglasses and a Captain's cap.

"You have been busy." Sabbath approaches Cam.

"Trying to teach the Amigos a trade. Never know when the next cruise might head out."

"It is quite entertaining. Did you miss me?"

"We Scott's always do." He appeared distant. Had he heard her telepathic connection to the other Cameron?

"I see."

"Scottish ancestry." He winks at her.

"So we were neighbors." She being from England.

"In a past life. I guess you were with my Great Great's.

"Did you go out in search of anything that could help us learn more about the ghosts?"

"I did actually. Started in the Captain's quarters. I found his journal. Shocked me a bit. The dates he had written were from the year 2027. Quite a few years after we vanished in 2019."

"Eight years. This General was searching for a very long time."

"I know. Just goes to show there's no early escaping this place. Fine by me. I'm getting used to the lifestyle change. Besides how can I go back to living as a human. Who needs a Pilot's license when you have wings?"

"True. A vampire would not be well received either."

"None of us would fit in with society now. Image Malcolm trying not to grow. Sophia would eat every guy she touched. Maddy? Can she live in another time period? Jack, Ruby, and James might be okay."

"What of your other self? He is not a vampire nor of an Angel."

"No. But, I'm--He's got something in him that makes him different. I can feel it in the air. I sense a lot of strange variations. Not all coming from the Ganthorian crew. Out there too. Other survivors for sure. Let's just hope the Vamps don't obtain and drain."

"We could rescue them. Bring them to live here in safety."

"Like the Amigos and Lucy?"

"Yes. Life is precious. I know coming from a Vampire that is ironic."

"Thought that counts Beautiful. Let's make ourselves a happy home first."

"As you wish."

Moving behind Cameron she massages his shoulders. She felt the need to keep him happy. His dark eyes scouring the desert she never notices the change in their pupils. Her touch alone altering who he was. Too what fashion remained to be seen.

Nor had he noticed her squeezing fingers becoming pink as they were before becoming a Vampire. The microbes racing away from his flesh. Sabbath did not know what to make of her own change. She smiled none the less.

The Year 2020.

General Ridge took a cab from New York to Southampton. The seaside home of the Wealthy. The village quaint and ritzy. Reaching his destination he finds a large white colonial home. How did a Teacher make this kind of income he pondered. Getting out he tells the driver to wait. Even if it became hours.

Approaching the home he finds the front door opening before he even had a chance to knock. A lovely young woman wearing jeans and a white sweater lets out a dog. A German Shepard. The dog gives the General a playful reception. 

"Hello. We've been waiting for you General."

"You have?"

"Oh yes. For a very long time."

The woman waving at the cab driver the General turns to see the taxi drive away. He felt trapped all of a sudden. Uneasy he narrows his eyes.

"Do come in."

Growling under his breath he accepted her offer.

Before closing the door she calls out to her dog.

"Stay off the beach Xander."

Ridge had no clues to connect. 

Not yet at least.