 Ruby Goddard gave up on her pregnancy tests. After pissing on three dozen the calculations were even 50/50. For every negative there was a positive. It was driving her nuts. She could only urinate so much in a day. Her frustration led to a sleepless night. Between the stress of the tests and the loss of Jack her heart just wasn't into it. Heading to her quarters she sits down on her bed and breaks out Jack's wedding band. Her thoughts on he giving it to her made her even more depressed. This was the ring his wife Renee had given him. It wasn't meant to be in Ruby's possession. 

Regardless she kissed it before stashing it in her luggage. Enough was enough. She couldn't bear to admire it too long or she would break down. Sighing she stretches out on her mattress and tries for a nap. After thirty minutes she gives up. There was only one thing that might tire her out. A thorough workout. It was still dark outside so a run was out of the question. However a lengthy workout with her punching bag might do the trick. Then it came to her, she had an immortal Roman and a Guard Dinosaur outside. If there were any dreads in the night they would keep her safe. Not to mention with it being so close to dawn no Vampire stragglers would dare be out when the sun rises. 

Leaping to her feet and stretching like an athlete she slips on a pair of cutoff blue jean shorts and sporty bra. Nothing racy just plenty of support. Pinning her red hair back she was ready. Heading to the bridge she lets down the ramp and scurries down it. All seemed quiet. The cows were sleeping still. A relaxed T-Rex smells her arrival with recognition and lays it's head back down. That in itself worried her. How long before that carnivore would regain its appetite for meat? Only a matter of time.

A short jog to her localized Gym in a cargo container she opens it up and winces at its unoiled hinges. Inside she had set up lightning bug jars just as James uses on occasion. They would be her light until dawn. The container was resting right where the sun would rise and shine upon her. A magical presence in her mind. 

Applying tape to her hands like a true boxer from the salvaged fitness equipment she then put on her gloves. Tapping the mitts together she circles the hanging punching bag. Brand new the bag still had strength. That made her have to punch harder to gain any true effects. Fevered after ten minutes of constant attacks upon the bag she drifts back in thought. Back to visions of he Dad and brothers teaching her how to box. Bruises and busted lips were a daily thing. Not by abuse but by her drive to be the best. Her brothers looked worse.

Fond memories indeed. From family back to Jack. His leaving still upset her more than she could admit. She knew it wasn't his plan to be cursed but he did. Driving him away from his love ones. It seemed that only magical beings could approach Jack. Gaicazar and the T-Rex. She didn't know until after Jack left that James was able to reach Jack by gravitational means. Yet, each day Jack was shoved further out toward the desert. 

Everyone realized he was doing the right thing. It would have been miserable for all of them to see. Still, it bothered Ruby to no end that she might be carrying Jack's baby. His leaving was tearing her up inside. The stress must be terrible on the infant within. Feeling what she felt. Then it dawned on her that even her workout might hurt the baby. Yet, right now she couldn't stop. She needed this release way too badly.

Overrun by thoughts she doesn't realize her speed and strength increasing with each impact. The punching bag was sinking in on itself. Stitching was threading under so much force. Even the fireflies were ceasing their glow in favor of another. Beneath Ruby's shirt her belly spells the letters P O.. She fails to notice. Nor care. Her energy levels were all she felt. Without realizing just how ramped up they were. Sweating dramatically she pounds the bag in rapid jabs. So rapid the bag tries to evade her yet collides with the containers wall behind it. Dropping back for more each time.

The noise level attracts the notice of Antonaeus Gaicazar on his rounds. Moving in to investigate he is joined by Malcolm Brand. Both were witness to a light show like no other. The glow from the cargo bin blinding but brilliant. As if an aurora borealis of gold energy. The two men looked at each other with awe. Since when did the Colonel display power?

Gaicazar turns to his sides. They had been circled by rabbits. Literally dozens. He puzzles at the connecting fur balls each touching the other. Creating a glowing circle around them. Malcolm too notes the situation then hears a loud hum. Looking up the cargo container was so full of light that all he could hear was her devastating punches. Then, out of no where a dust cloud. Her punching bag had ruptured and the sand within reached out for escape.

This was followed by the screech of gnarled metal. The cargo container was coming apart. Vibrations enough to create ripples of bending steel. A lull of peace. Then the unexpected shockwave. The container walls falling all around Ruby Goddard. Standing there amid her own blinding glow she looks at her hands. Her gloves were shredded. Her clothing smoldering on her body. Close enough to nude now that her core body temperature had caught them on fire.

The rabbits had kept the two men safe from debris. The firefly jar rolling into the rabbits and bouncing off the invisible field of protection. As soon as Ruby begins to fade she had an expression of fear. 

"What just happened?" She shivers toward Malcolm and Antonaeus. Both shrug and again share a glance of disbelief.

Dust settling her tummy expressed the glowing letters of O and W. Malcolm pointing it out for her to notice. He was still awestruck by her power play. That and the fact his Commanding Officer was naked. The rabbits broke formation and hopped away. Gaicazar the gentleman offered her his cape to cover up.

"Since when do you have that kind of power?" Malcolm wheezes.

"HOW SHOULD I KNOW?" She snaps at him then places a palm on his chest, "I'm sorry. On edge here."

"I get that." He eyes her palm on his pectoral. He could feel energy moving about her fingertips. Almost as if tapping Morse code. Could it be? Freaked out he lets the assumption dissipate.

"I'll clean this up later. Time to wake up James. Momma needs advice."

Walking away Malcolm steps closer to Gaicazar, "You see what the rabbits did?"

"Aye. Methinks we would have been thrown aside like yon metal box."

"I know so. They saved us. They knew something was going to happen. I wanna know what these rodents are all about. Keep your eyes open Buddy."

"Indeed I shall. Who is Buddy?"

Even as she walks Ruby feels her footsteps absorbing each impact upon the ground. Upon the ramp. At the top of the ships steps she found Elle Franklin. She had heard the destruction outside and had come to investigate. 

"What happened outside? Jurassic Junior playing fetch with Anton?"

Ruby glares at her with a troubled look. Uncovering her body to let Elle see the emblazoned letters R E. before cloaking her nudity again. Elle noted a glow about her. Aura level at best. Her diamond eyes picking up on the spectrum.

"Dang Ruby. You're glowing. And, that's no Momma comment."

"I know. I can feel it. Like I'm super charged. Every step. Every touch I make. I overheat and bad things happen."

"Wonder what those letters R E mean?"

"No idea. I think the baby might be dyslexic."

She steps closer to Elle when Elle feels a wave of invisible energy caress her and nudge her back. Nothing violent. Merely saying I need room. Once Ruby understands it she pauses.

"Follow at a distance. I'm going to the lab. Wake up the Kid."

"Try and remain calm. Move slowly. Tiptoe even."

"Pins and needles Eleanor."

Elle watches her carefully glide across the aisle way and vanish around a corner. Once gone she puffs her cheeks, "I'll say it again. Weirder and weirder." She then heads to rile the Genius.

A frantic few minutes later James enters his lab with the worst case of bedhead ever. Elle behind him with a cautious look in her eye. Xander trotting in behind them. As the dog greets a sitting Ruby he sniffs her with a whimper. Her stomach pulsing made the German Shepard tilt his head before looking back at James. The boy could only yawn.

"What's with Rin Tin Tin there?" Elle peaks an eye brow.

"Who knows." Ruby constricts her cape veil to hide the majority of her nudity from James. Namely her lower regions.

"Give me a minute to wake up. Expresso would be great." James shakes his foggy thoughts aside.

"I'll run to Starbucks." Elle frowns.

"Enough already. Sonogram me. I need to know once and for all what I'm dealing with." 

Ruby grows agitated. Her body pulsing again. The capes material hardly able to conceal her shape. James pops his eyes at her glare.

"Whoa! When did we go all radioactive?"

"You could sleep through a train wreck." Elle grunts, "She just destroyed her gym. Blew the walls right off it."

"Sheroshima!" He chuckles. Neither woman found it amusing. He pauses with a fidget, "Not cool. Sorry." James then holds his palms out in front of him stepping toward Ruby.

"Squeeze the girls I'll break your wrists."

"No. I'm feeling the heat and vibrations coming off of you." He grimaces, "Why do you always think I'm being pervy?"

Elle groans, "Because you're 15 going on 30. Come on. Examine her not sexamine her."

"That was terrible. Even if I had said that."

"Please! Just set up the sonogram."

"Okay! I'll need you to lay on your back up on the table there. Cover up but leave the belly exposed. When did you eat last?"

"Salad with you early in the day. I've refrained from eating more in case we did this procedure."

"Cool. Elle hand me that bottle of clear gel." He points as he sets up the device. Using alien tech to power it from the solar collector. 

"Better not be baby oil." Ruby groans toward James as she climbs on the examining table and figures out her best way to hide herself with the cloak. Tugging it about she finally grunts and just tosses it aside, "Fuck it!" 

James blushes heavily. It was not as if he had never seen the Colonel nude before but the other time was by accident. This time she was in such a hurry to know what her diagnosis was she just didn't care.

"Ummm! I'm going to rub this on your stomach. It should feel warm."

"My body already feels warm. Get on with it James."

Swallowing he squirts the gel on her belly then returns with a Transducer. Probing her stomach with a circular motion until images began to appear on the Ultrasound monitor. For it's presumed age the device was working perfectly. Elle winced at the snowy images being produced.

"Bright light even on the inside." Elle reports.

Ruby was losing patience fast, "See a fetus?" 

"Ouch!" Both James and Elle wince, "Calm down. You lose your temper and its Hernobyl." James chuckles, "Come on that was as funny as Sheroshima."

"Ruby? Try meditation. Relax or this will be a wasted shot at this ultrasound." Elle advises. Gritting her teeth Ruby clears her throat with a sigh. Closing her eyes she tries her best to control her pulse. It was working. Within a few minutes her glowing metabolism was fading. Once it allowed a better vision James smiles at Elle. Sure enough there was a fetus. A fetus comprised of pure energy. Tiny but defined and moving gently. Almost as if looking back at them.

"Well?" Ruby huffs.

"Definitely preggers. Good job Mommy." Elle grins as Ruby opens her eyes.

"Really?" She faintly smiled back.

James was mesmerized by the fetus. It appeared as if it were pointing at him. Then, as Elle and Ruby somewhat rejoiced James spots her belly display the letters M and E. To which James exhales, "Me. Hmmm!"

"What does M E mean?" Elle notices. Ruby arching her back to look over her massive chest.

"Use the translator collar." Ruby notices Elle wearing hers.

"Wow! Never expected that. It says ME."

"Good God!" Ruby falls back raising her knees and covering her eyes with her right hand. Try as he might James had to peek at Ruby's heaving chest. Even her nipples were glowing ever so slightly. 

"I need to use the bathroom." James sets the Transducer aside, "You can get dressed." Watching the boy run out Elle sighs, "God I hope he isn't going to jerk off."

Ruby sits up and looks at Elle, "I'm going to be a Mother."

"Looks that way. Question is, is that thing going to burst out of your stomach like the movie Alien?"

"Don't ruin the moment Sargent Franklin."

With a warm smile shared they very carefully hug each other. Tender pats on the shoulder even created vibrations.

"How does Baby Huey do that?" Elle worried.

"I don't know. We can ask the Genius once he washes his hands."

"Can you blame him?" Elle playfully wags her eyes over Ruby's body. The Redhead in turn rolls her eyes and points at the Medic.

"You could have been the person to use this Ultrasound machine."

"Yeah. But, you told me to wake up the punk."

"Guess I did. With this outburst of energy I figured I needed him there."

"Smart. Just a suggestion? Seeing as how Sophia is so into meditating? Maybe you could join her and try and calm down. Just in case the reactor does blow."

"I'll head to her meditation room. Go check on James."

"Me? Why? I don't wanna catch him white handed."

"Come on. He probably really did need to take a leak. He did just wake up."

"Uh-huh!"

"Shit!" Ruby shakes her head, "At least give him a towel."

Elle chuckles and leaves the room. Ruby had to sit there a moment to let it all sink in. Uncovered she rubs her belly getting the gel on her hands. Looking at her fingers grossly she hadn't noticed another visitor.

"Am I the only guy here that isn't masturbating?"

Ruby looks up awkwardly, "Cam Light. I wasn't--" She had to laugh, "Y'know what fine what if I did?"

He knew better having sympathy on her. He removes his black T-shirt and steps in trying not to admire her body. Clearing his throat he turns his back to her. Instead of putting it on Ruby dries her hands and dabs at her belly before tossing his shirt back.

"Looks like I'm a Mom after all."

Cam turns back toward her with a shocked look, "I heard you brought the house down."

"Yeah! Masturbated so loud the cargo container fell apart. Shook the bolts loose."

"I'm trying really, really hard not to get an erection Colonel. You're not helping."

"Even knowing I'm knocked up?" She had to laugh.

"Jack?"

"Only guy I've been with since arriving here."

"What about just before we left the Philippines?"

"Last guy I slept with was like four months before Jack. Back in the States. This fetus can't be older than a month."

"Has to be difficult on you Ruby. Jack leaving you like this."

"He didn't have a choice. All I can hope for is that we cross paths again someday. If he can unload that curse and fight his way back to me."

"I hope so. Wish I could take his curse away."

"I know Cam. I know."

"Yeah!" He stammers.

Shaking her head she points at his crotch, "Go use the bathroom."

"Can't! James is in there."

"We don't even have a bathroom." She bursts into laughter.

Cam joined her. The amusement didn't help him. He would have to mentally skype with Sabbath later. He actually felt as if he were betraying her. He missed his Gypsy.

Outside Malcolm Brand took the time to show Antonaeus Gaicazar the fine art of sharpshooting. Wasting bullets not recommended but wasted none the less. Having heard of Ruby's confirmed pregnancy meant a celebration. Elle quickly spread the news.

"This here is an AK-47. Single shot or scattershot. Choose your beast." Mal chuckles. 

They had moved out away from the compound and set up unwanted toys from the cargo container. A trio of large punching Clown Bop Bags that teeter if pushed but never fall over.

"What is this?" The Roman uses a finger to nudge the Clown.

"Let's just call him BLOWZO. He's about to blow up."

"With this metal stick?"

"Follow me back about fifty feet Bud." Mal chuckles.

"My name is not Bud. It is Ant--"

"I know your name. Buddy means friend."

"Ah! I see Buddy Malcolm."

Laughing at the Roman's naivety Mal marches the nearly 7 foot tall man back to a safe distance before turning around to face his targets. Motioning Gaicazar behind him he takes a stance. Setting on single shot first. Firing the AK-47 he takes the head off of a clown. The body reeling back and forth.

Amazed by the assault Antonaeus nods, "Quite sturdy for a dead man."

"Now watch this."

Resetting it for a spray Mal pulls the trigger and obliterates another clown in a loud rattle of bullets. Ending his rain of death Malcolm howls, "Take that Stephen King."

Gaicazar marvels at the destructiveness of the rifle, "A weapon worthy of a King. I know not this King Stephen. Of what empire did he rule?"

"I think it was Cujo Tommyknocker Empire." Mal tries to sound convincing, "Located near Carrie Shining."

"Hmm!" The Roman rubs his chin, "I know those not."

"Scary Dude!"

Before Mal could fire at the final clown a thunderous roar led to the shaking of the ground. T-Rex Adam had indulged upon the last clown. Chomping upon it before a swift swallow. 

"I guess he hates Clowns too."

"Aye. I fear he needs fed." Gaicazar worries.

"Strange as it is having him as a Guard Dog I'm shocked he hasn't shredded that static corral and had dinner before now."

"The day is not over."

"Maybe we can get those rabbits to circle Dino and keep us safe."

"I have grown quite fond of him." Gaicazar fidgets, "Perhaps I should take him hunting."

"You might end up like ole Seth."

"I think not. I feel a bond with the beast."

"All yours. I just don't wanna do the Kong versus Godzilla thing again. Nice not growing the last couple days." Mal nods, "Hey? Have you seen Maddy lately?"

"Nay."

For a living Ghost Madigan Ridge managed long distance travel fairly well. At speeds that shocked even she. After the night before hearing her Husband's voice and knowing that somehow Sabbath Black was involved she had to know how. Even if that meant tracking she and the Dark angel version of Cameron Scott to their current lodging. All she knew was a general direction. Yet, something was drawing her. She had faith in her intuition.

After hours of air time she locates the Cruise ship and takes in the majesty of it. The ship appeared pristine. As if it had just landed there without any destruction to its hull. It took her breath away.

After surveying the area for life she suddenly spots movement. Near a large upper deck swimming pool wrestled what looked like to monkey's. Gravitating closer she discovers they were not wrestling. Two males were engaged in intercourse. Even in her ghostly form Maddy had to wince.

Ignoring them the best she could Maddy decided to phase through the hull and search further. Room after room until she finally discovers the Palace. Entering without warning led to an unexpected sight. Cameron Scott with his blackened wings fully fanned wide was mounting Sabbath Black missionary style. 

"Now I know how the other Cameron must have felt walking in on Malcolm and I." Maddy ponders. 

Mad hisses and thundering hips batter poor Sabbath Black. Her moans like cries of agony yet filled with joy. Maddy felt intrusive. Before turning away she hears a familiar voice.

"Stick around Maddy. She's about to have her tenth orgasm."

"You knew I was here?" She quietly replies.

"I don't miss much. Do I Sabbath?"

"No My Lord." Sabbath huffs then quakes. Her body prepping for another bloodcurdling climax. Hearing the girl scream Maddy felt badly for her. It was almost as if he were torturing her. "Have I come at a bad time?" 
