 Through out the night Jack Ramse slept with one eye open. Not just for the next unexpected Beast to try and eat him either. His two newfound associates were still too new to him to fully trust. It was bad enough trying to rest without the Sprite named O'tah alias "Iota" clinging to his covered manhood. He needed to break her habit before it got out of hand. His hesitance to scold her lie in the fact that in his eyes the tiny woman went nuclear and obliterated a massive aquatic dinosaur right before his eyes. Pissing her off might not be the smart thing to do. 

The Leprechaun named Lowball was devious, Jack could tell. He worried that the runt might steal his pack and run. Jack had too much in that pack that he needed to survive. Still, he knew he could catch up with the runt. Finally, Jack's nerves settled and he drifted off.

As the sun rose Jack became aware of the fact when he felt Iota stirring over his crotch. The buzzing of her wings jolted him awake. To his surprise Lowball was up cooking another steak carved from the Plesiosaur.

"Breakfast Laddie?" He hissed with almost a glint of respect.

Stretching as he stood up Jack gazed out over the water, "My belly's still full. Thanks though."

"Me tummy's n'er too full. Place like we live in ye eat when ye can. Food be hard to come by."

"Yeah? Out in the desert maybe. I see lots around here to eat. Birds. Lizards. Fish. I'm still puzzled why there's no animal life much out there where I came from. Lizards are pretty much it. Why no birds flying? Hardly any insects until I get near the coast. Then, this place comes alive."

Iota buzzes in front of him pointing at her dragonfly like wings. As if to question her roots. She was amusing as all get out.

"I don't classify you as an insect." He chuckles, "I need to keep moving until I find a city. I know you fear them but if you want to join me you're welcome to." Jack pulls his shirt on over his head then the chainmail secondary for protection.

Lowball chews his food loudly as he speaks with his mouth full, " I say ye still be mad. Nay be but death out there"

"Maybe. But, there are people who are counting on me."

"People ye say." Lowball squints.

"Yeah. When we crashed here there were seven survivors. Well eight if you count Maddy. She returned from the dead. Actually pretty healthy nowadays."

The Leprechaun's eyes bulge and he stops chewing, jaw dropping he turns pale, "Dead returnin'?"

"Long story but yes. Like I said yesterday I'm surprised Iota here hasn't told you. She buzzed the ship we live in under a month ago."

"Did she now?" He narrows his eyes at O'tah. The Sprite throws her arms wide and offers a shy grin. She had evidently forgotten to mention it. But, again she wasn't much for conversation.

"Wait. If you two are so tight why didn't you tell him about it?" Jack winces at the Sprite for answers. With an echoing huff she crosses her arms then buzzes backwards to avoid the confrontation.

Before Jack can figure out his next move he hears a crackle coming from his back pack. "You out there Jack?" Came a voice of recognition. He was unprepared for contact. He had whispered to James to try and keep Ruby from checking on him so soon. If he needed them he would call them. His curse led him to believe he needed to sever ties. As hard as it was to admit. Just hearing her voice Jack pauses and grimaces at his options. Perhaps it was smart to at least let her know he was alive and well.

Jack crouches down and pulls out a communicator from his pack specifically designed by young genius James Ian Pryce. He had multiple options to do this with either accessing Fenway his drone companion or through his translator collar. He chose to show off a bit in front of his new friends. He places it on the ground and clicks a tiny switch watching metallic legs extend for ground support. A small disk opening up to capture the sunlight for increased power and imaging. A thin beam of light shot straight up in front of the startled couple. Refracting outward into an image. In front of them stood a life sized hologram of a beautiful redhead.

"Morning Ruby. I'm still alive. I reached a massive inland sea about 200 miles out. You might tell Animahni to let Oophalah know. Maybe he can find his way out here through a cave system. Lots of fresh air and he can move about in the sunlight."

"I'll do that when I see her."

Lowball who had stepped back arming himself with his axe circles the hologram. He was leery of the woman before him.

"This be the dead Lass?" The runt growls.

"No. Calm down. She's a friend. This is Ruby. Ruby this is "Lowball." He introduces the stalking man in a Conquistador's helmet. Ruby's image reacts as if right there in person. "You made a new friend? It's a pleasure to meet you Lowball."

The dwarf merely backs away and eyes the situation with distrust. In his place returns Iota buzzing around the hologram before hovering in front of Ruby's belly. With a strange behavior Iota tries to rub Ruby's stomach amazed that her tiny hand slipped through the body before her. 

"Another friend?" Ruby asks.

"Yeah. Her names Iota. We've met before kind of. I never mentioned it because I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me. She approached our ship one night when everyone was asleep. Come to think of it that was the night you and I--yeah, that night."

"Why does she keep rubbing my belly?" Ruby looked stressed. 

"Who knows. Probably just amazed by the holographic image." Of course he had his suspicions. He was just waiting for Ruby to break the news. She knew as well but wanted to surprise Jack. If that were possible. 

Finally, She smirks, "We both know why Jack. Even from there she senses I'm pregnant. James ran a sonogram. We found an Ultrasound machine in a cargo container. Surprisingly it worked." She then hesitates, "There's more Jack."

"Let me guess it looks like a Weaver bug."

"No. James refers to it as an energy fetus. It's glowing red hot within me. I went for a morning workout and over did it. I'm superhuman now too. Or, at least the fetus had made me that way. Without realizing I was doing it I destroyed my cargo gym. Walls came flying down. My body was super heated and vibrating. Every step I took it felt like my body was energizing. I scared everyone. I feel fine now. It dissipated. I guess young Noble was thinking he was defending me. Fighting back against my sandbag."

Jack shoos Iota away from toying with the hologram, "If that was a bug zapper you would be toast." He then sighs at Ruby's revelations, "Keep me posted."

"I will Jack. We all miss you. Not just me." Ruby fidgets.

"Same here. Just hold the fort until I can figure out how to get rid of--you know."

Deciding to change the subject because he just knew mentioning the word curse would freak out Lowball. Finally he points toward the inland sea. Ruby's attention turns to view the water.

"It's beautiful. Maybe we should all head that direction." Ruby smiles.

"No. You know you can't do that Ruby. It's safer where you are. The ship has everything the group needs."

"I know Jack. I'm hearing you. I just...need you."

"We've been though this Ruby. You know my...problem. Ixnay on the problemay. I needed this hike to clear my head. You know I'm not used to being cooped up so much. Besides I want to know what that Weaver bug's done to my system."

"The farther away you get the harder this is on me Jack. I'm sorry."

"Only been a day and a half Ruby. I'm going out another 100 miles to see what's around this coast line. Already encountered a Plesiosaur. Iota took it out."

"The little one? Littler one. How?" Ruby looks distracted suddenly, "James wants to say hi."

Her hologram is replaced by that of young James Ian Pryce. Shocked by the new faces and his report. He knew that Jack needed space but even he had to let the Colonel know his thoughts.

"Jack? I have some things to tell you. Bad things." The boy sulks prepared to confess about the truth of their crash landing in Pangaea. His history. Before he can Ruby clamps a hand over his mouth and whispers into his ear. James frowns emotionally but listens to Ruby. He would not inform Jack today. Ruby felt it was better not to burden him further. She then points behind her. James rotating in step to see.

"Wow! That's a lot of water."

Lowball jumps toward the hologram preparing to slash at James with his axe, Jack without much effort grabs the upper part of the hilt and literally lifts Lowball off the ground.

"Dark magicks." Lowball coughs while glaring at Jack.

"Not magic. I said calm down. They're not here to hurt you. Friends Lowball. I'll let you down but behave."

As he lowers the runt Iota buzzes around James pointing at his head. Her hands then pointing between he and Ruby. As if trying to connect the dots.

"Friends Iota. Only friends." Her brow grows grim as Jack ignores her thoughts. It frustrated her, "Yes. James is smart."

"Who is that?" James looks amazed.

"Iota. She's a telepath/empath I think. More than that really. She's like a living nuclear reactor without the radiation. I think. Maybe I should break out a Geiger Counter."

"Whoa! Not to bring up comics again but she's the "Wasp" from the Avengers. With a touch of "Phoenix" from the "X-Men."

"Whatever." Jack knew it was more of the boys comic book fantasies, "She's friendly. All that matters."

"Is that a Garden Gnome?" James chuckles.

Jack guesses, "I'm thinking Dwarf. He says Leprechaun. I say one and the same."

Lowball grows smug in his proud stance, "Aye! Proud be I to be a Leprechaun." Still the runt circles growling. He did not trust these spirits. The second Jack's focus abandons the Leprechaun he strikes. For all the good a lightning slash downward with his battle axe did. Jack seized the weapon and pulled it from his grasp. Lowball snarled helplessly as Jack hurls the axe toward the water. Sixty yards away. Watching it sink below the waves.

"I warned you to behave. Now go fetch." Jack directs Lowball as Iota busts up laughing and pointing at the runt. That only pissed off Lowball even more. Charging away he reaches the surf and stops cold. He turns with a depressed look.

"I canae swim." He pouts.

Jack rolls his eyes, "Pathetic. Fenway? Fetch the axe."

The grapefruit sized drone spirits away, zipping by Lowball who ducks. Moving out over the water the drone targets the axe beneath the saltwater and locks on to it with a gravity beam. The axe rises from the water for Lowball to see, leading to a smile. Jumping for joy the runt reaches out for it. Instead of passing it off to the runt Fenway brings it back to Jack. Dropping it at his feet. Jack then steps on the hilt to keep it firmly in the sand. Lowball grumbling and kicked sand having to walk back empty handed.

"As I told Ruby I'm going around the coastline to see what else is out here. You keep on working on that ship. If I find a good location maybe we can move that crate at least this far. Better living conditions at least than the desert. That might satisfy Ruby wanting a beach front property." He then holds a hand up for Ruby to note, "I know I said stay put. But if the ship can move that's different."

"Someday maybe. I don't know if I can ever generate enough power to---" James stops cold in thought. First studying Iota and recalling what Jack had told them about her energy levels. Then another look toward Ruby. Even her levels might help. Then another thought. Cameron Scott had juiced up his 71 Charger with living light. There were three sound options he had not considered before now.

"You okay?" Jack looked worried by the boys reaction.

"Yep. The insect girl. You said she was a living nuclear reactor. I wonder if she has enough juice to jumpstart these engines?" He refrains from mentioning the other two possibilities. He would think on those more first. No use getting hopes up.

"Nice theory." Jack calls Iota over to him, "Can you help us?"

She shrugs uncertain. 

"If she's willing to try we can. For now let me scout ahead and see what might be available to us. Gaicazar gave me a map. There's a few interesting targets on it I want to see for myself."

"Cool." James nods.

"Let me get moving. I'll be in touch." He waves at James and Ruby looking over his shoulder as he rolls his sleeping bag up, attaching it to his pack. The hologram fades causing Lowball to growl as Jack picks the device up to stash it away.

"Seriously. They aren't ghosts or demons. This is only a communication device. I just get to see who I'm talking to. No harm to any of us." He drags his pack skyward and plants it on his back, buckling it up to his shoulders and waist. Then procuring his sword Soultaker in its sheath and his Sniper rifle.

"You two coming along or are we parting ways? I hope you join me. I really could use the company." He also secretly wanted to keep Iota on a leash to secure her powers later on should he go home to his friends. If possible.

Iota buzzes around his head and nods gleefully that she was in. Lowball scowls retrieving his axe and kissing its blade. Which resulted in spitting sand from his mouth.

"Where me Lass goes, Lowball goes."

"Glad to hear it. Pack up. Let's get moving."

A simple gathering of belongings and food the band heads south around the rim of the lake. By mid day they had managed twenty miles. Lowball at least was slowing Jack down. He felt Iota might be speedy enough to keep up should he run. Yet, Jack took his new friend into account and held back. Dawning on him he could always have Fenway airlift the runt and really get his goat. For the moment he chose to have sympathy.

Stopping to rest along a hillside Jack refreshed his face with lake water. Saltwater tasted horrible. Lowball used his helmet to gather water to drink and drown his body to cool down. Even Jack had to wince at how he could drink the water. A strong constitution for certain. After a fifteen minute breather they moved on another twenty five miles as the sun started to drift low. Lagging behind, Jack thought to have Fenway finally assist Lowball. Iota beat him to the punch. The tiny girl swoops in behind Lowball and picks him up by his shirt. His feet kicking in open air. Jack just had to laugh. It was good to feel free.

Setting up camp they tended to a new fire. Lowball used two sticks as friction to little avail. Jack chuckles and uses his flint fire starter to ignite a swift flame. The damp kindling not holding long. Long enough for a bit of warmth.

"More magic. Ye must be a Sorcerer."

"No. Where I'm from this is just a tool. Fire won't stay lit long. Might be a cold night."

Before either could resort to a saddened look Iota hovers over the fire and tinkles. Jack peaks an eye brow at her brazen urination. Her pee igniting the flames into a mini inferno.

"From here on you light the fires." Jack chuckled. Lowball nodding with admiration.

As darkness envelopes the land the three travelers relax and tell stories of their civilizations. Jack was just as amazed as Lowball actually mentions Unicorns. Iota merely snuggled on Jack's shoulder. Her wings vibrations actually massaging him. 

"I think it's time to share the wealth." Jack grins pulling a flask from his bags side pocket. Unscrewing the cap he swigs a drink before passing it over to Lowball. The runt sips it hesitantly then bulges his eyes. He then attempts to guzzle it.

"Slow it down. That Tequila's hard to come by." Jack grabs the flask away from a snarling Lowball.

"What manner of ale be that? Tis' the fruit of Gods indeed."

"Not so much fruit in it. Barley and grains." After another swig Jack hears a sound on the cool night air. He looks about him with nothing in sight. He hears it again and stands up screwing the flask lid on as he focuses his sensitive hearing. Iota sitting up on her perch.

"Ye hear it too?" Lowball sneers about. Wishing he had more Tequila.

"Music. I know the song. I swear that's Elton John."

"Who ye say?"

"A singer from my time period. Music royalty. Where's it coming from? Must be generator powered."

Iota stirs and stands upon Jack's shoulder. She points out on to the water just as a dim light flickers. This prompts Jack to shoo Iota from his shoulder in order for him to dig into his pack for a pair of infrared binoculars. Scanning about he finds the flicker and spots the hull of a large sailboat. On it were four people. Two men, two women. All clad in sweaters to ward off the chill in the air.

"I see a boat. Four people on it. People from my era it looks like. A good half mile out."

Lowball squints against the darkness, "Me eyes canae see that far."

"These help. Here. Not magic. Tool." Jack risks passing off his precious binoculars. Praying Lowball didn't break them. Lowball awkwardly uses the binoculars and hisses under his breath. 

"It is as if I be right there beside 'em. They be not alone. I see beastie fish circlin'."

Jack reclaims his eyes and spots giant shark fins circling their boat. It gave him reason to fear for their lives. Those sharks were huge. 

"Dammit. They can't hear us from there. They haven't even noticed our fire yet." He paces the shoreline walking toward the water trying to decide his next move.

"Iota. I need you to light up the sky. Can you fly out there with a message?"

The Sprite nods in a helpful mood. Sensing Jack's need to assist others. As if absorbing his emotions. It made her giddy. Jack quickly goes to his pack and finds a notepad. With a pen he writes, "Look North of your boat. My name is Jack and I love Elton John. I'm from the USA. Come ashore before the sharks get to you. You're among friends here. The Sprite's name is Iota. She will guide you to me. Be careful."

Rolling it up tightly he hands Iota the note. With a point toward the boat he sends her away. Halfway there her body illuminates. Brighter and brighter as if a signal flare incoming like a missile. Reaching the boat Iota finds the four stunned by her arrival and eagerly defensive. The men try to wave her away at first until Iota zips around them and swiftly tucks the note into the sweater collar of one of the women. The woman freaks out screaming and dancing in the boat. Her sudden movements tossing the weight balance out of whack. It didn't help that everyone was darting about.

At first the woman who had long shoulder length feathery brown hair swats her chest, then discovers the note. Calming at her discovery she realizes what the insect had did. She unrolls the tiny scroll and moves to a lantern light to read it by. Pointing toward the note she reads it to her companions. Their faces bewildered until they feel something bump their 40 foot sailboat. That was all it took to set up a panic. 

Balance became next to impossible. In the darkness it was hard to spot what was nudging their sailboat. One of the Men grabbing a lantern to attempt to see what was battering them about. The second he saw the shape of a large fin rising out of the water he begins yelling. 

On the shore Jack's infrared binoculars kept watch. Sharks were doing their best to get to the prey above. Growling at their resistance toward Iota Jack took it upon himself to attempt something crazy. Retrieving his Sniper rifle he sets up a tripod on a grassy incline. Lowball pacing about not understanding anything.

"What ye be doin' Laddie?"

"Taking an impossible shot. Outside of swimming out there I have noth--" He suddenly pauses, "What am I thinking. Fenway?" The orb zips to his side, "Gravitate the sailboat out of the water. Fetch."

The drone pings as if replying and soars out across the water. Joining Iota who now was attempting to introduce herself to panic stricken women. The Sprite's limited thinking led to yet another verse of "I, O'tah." The constant battering of the boat only prolonged the intro. 
