 The Ganthorian Hilton

After Jack and Ruby's holographic chat James Ian Pryce became moody. He felt awful about keeping things from Jack. He felt like he needed a Priest suddenly. Ruby having shushed him before acknowledging his deceit. That or the fact they had received an SOS response from the female Ganthorian. Lost but possibly found. All James needed to do was form a plan to get his team down underground five miles deep. Definitely a challenge.

Colonel Ruby Goddard was a bit moody herself. Chalking it up to hormones. Being pregnant was not her first choice. The only Father it could be over 200 miles away bearing a curse he had no resistance toward. She too felt bad for keeping things from Jack Ramse but the alternative would have only made him more stressed out. She was in charge now. They would handle things.

Sensing each others sadness Ruby gravitates back into James Ian's orbit. Coming up behind him she hugs him from behind and lays her chin on his shoulder. 

"I know. We should have filled Jack in. What good would it have done other than upset him and make him feel helpless. James I trust you. I probably shouldn't but dammit I do."

"Thanks. I swore I wouldn't lie to any of you anymore. I won't."

"Good to know." She sighs.

"He seems like he's doing good out there. New friends. I think it's hilarious that they look like they should be in some fantasy novel. Jack must be pulling his hair out."

Ruby giggles, "Has to be. We know he doesn't believe in any of this crazy stuff. He's learning the hard way. Makes me wonder what else is out there."

"Abundance of life that's for sure. Maybe not right here but it's cool to know we're not so alone."

"Absolutely. Jack is right though. We are safer here. Besides the Female Ganthorian needs our help. We can't just live in what's rightfully hers and let her suffer."

"Which makes me wonder who is holding her captive." He points out as her hug releases him.

"Good point. Lucas Dorsey maybe?"

"Could be. But, we saw him on video feed leaving the ship by himself. If she escaped in a shuttle pod I doubt he could track her. If this Dorsey guy is still alive I say he's far from here."

"We worry about one thing at a time. Dorsey later. I would say the Female might want a bit of revenge." Ruby peaks an eye brow.

As they converse Sophia Ridge ducks in the opened door way. Tits bouncing to a sudden halt.

"Anybody seen my Mom lately?"

Ruby pivots on her boot heel, "Not for awhile. I can help you look for her. James suggested I meditate with you. After my what? Flare up?" She looks to James for the right word.

Sophia smiles, "You want to have a girls night? Yay! Mom too. Let's go."

James nods at Ruby who eyes him for approval to leave. The boy could use a bit of space to think. On the past. His past. His future. Both troublesome.

The year 2020 AD. Southampton, New York.

General Obadiah Ridge had only began his own investigation into the disappearance of his family. First stop the awkwardly strange residence of Neville and Dorothea Pryce. The would be parents of young 15 year old genius James Ian Pryce. Who was also lost along side the General's wife and daughter. Invited in by his Mother Dorothea the General sensed something off about her.

She was a looker with Librarian vibes. Shoulder length brown hair and pop bottle glasses. Eyes slightly oversized due to the lens. Lithe body. Chest small. Dressed for leisure in black sweats and a Yankees T-shirt. Age hard to determine.

"Have a seat General. Would you like some Iced Tea?" She smiles motioning him into a sunken living room.

"No thanks. I'm here on business. Is your Husband here?"

"He's downstairs. Busy at the moment. He knows of your arrival."

Eyes narrow, "How could he know? I just got here. You were at the door waiting for me it looked like. Or, were you just letting the dog out?" He knew better.

"Xander did need to use the little puppy's room. But, no. As I said we were expecting you."

"How is that?"

"The time is written."

"What does that mean?" He gets a sudden chill.

She takes a seat across from the General and sits up perfectly straight. He eyes her perfected poise. Certainly a Lady. No slouch present.

"Our son did vanish on the same flight. We presumed you would come talk to us after your grieving period."

"Ah! So you believe they all died?"

"Not all. Of survivors I cannot say. I am a firm believer."

"You don't seem to be all that upset over losing your boy."

"Untrue. We have accepted his fate. It was pre-ordained."

"Pre-ordained? You mean you knew it would happen?" He agitates.

"Oh yes. As I spoke, Time is written. If you will show patience and a bit of self control all will be revealed. My Husband will enlighten you more."

"You used to work for REGION right?"

"I would not call it work but yes."

"You tried to keep James out of their hands. Hid him away from what I gather. Why?"

"James was an exceptional boy. Very intelligent. Too intelligent in some ways. As he grew older he would have gone beyond the genius he was at the time of his departure."

"Departure?"

"You know very well where he and your family went."

"Not really. I was shown footage of my Wife dated to the 40's on the Philadelphia Experiment. She wasn't even born in the 1940's. How was that even possible?"

"All things are possible General Ridge. What if I told you that I know someone much, much older that has seen his fair share of historical events. Even if he might not recall them."

"Who might that be?"

A male voice enters behind the General. Without a sound which bothered Obadiah. He was normally aware of everything around him. Turning Obadiah stands out of respect.

"Mr. Pryce. I'm General Obadiah--"

"Ridge. Yes. I know. It is a pleasure."

Neville stood in similar height and stature as his wife. They could almost be brother and sister. Even in skin tone and hair color. Also with glasses although less thick of lens.

"I notice you don't have any pictures on the wall. No where as a matter of fact." Obadiah scans about.

"It is safer this way. Attachments fail."

"That made zero sense. Who are you people?"

"In time General. We know of your potential. Knowing too much too fast could jeopardize your life. You must learn restraint if you are to get your family back."

"You know where they are?"

"When is more important. Their location will be revealed soon."

"When? Stop with the riddles."

"The Sphinx is a good place to start looking. James would leave a clue I am certain."

Neville calmly sits beside his Wife. In the same upright perfection.

"A riddle joke at a time like this? Are you two robots? You sit like you're the same damned person."

"No General. We are flesh and blood just as you are. No disrespect. The riddle of the Sphinx was something James was fond of. He was quite the Historian. In times past."

"Alright! You two are getting on my nerves. Spill it. What are you hiding? When are they?"

"At the beginning of time General. Have you heard what Earth Scientists refer to as Pangaea?"

"Earth Scientists? Yeah, I've heard of the one big continent theory. Before prehistoric times?"

"Yes. Back when Time was forgotten because Time was not even a notion."

"So, the Hercules flew back in time with my family and your son? You two are loons."

"That is exactly what we are saying General. Your people have much to hide. As do ours."

Ridge gets a cold chill hearing his words. Standing again he glares at them tempted to leave. Their innocent behavior made him stay. Clearing his throat he decides to sit back down. 

"How is that possible? Philadelphia Experiment?"

"One of many attempts to breach the barrier of time. For centuries there have been those who sought a way back."

"Centuries? Nobody had the tech to do that before the turn of the last century."

"Untrue General." Dorothea prompts.

"Correct." Neville turns his head without his body even twitching, "Throughout your worlds History there have been many races vying for a certain knowledge. An ultimate power. This power dates back to Pangaea."

"Okay. Enough skirting the bullshit. Your worlds? What are you? Spit it out."

"We shall indulge only if you remain calm. You are in no danger from either of us. Can you remain calm General Ridge?" Neville hopes.

He sits forward, "You tell me."

"Violence will not be needed. We know that you must learn everything to move forward. What we relate to you must remain in this domain. For our safety as well as yours. Do not trust REGION. Not even those who attempt to prove their loyalty."

Obadiah studies their sincerity. He could usually spot a bluff a hundred yards out. These two had the best poker faces he had ever seen.

"Fine. Get on with it. I want my family back."

The couple turn their heads in synch to look at each other. It was spooky how their timing followed almost perfectly. If not. Returning their gaze on Obadiah they take the ultimate risk. Both of them palming their faces and removing what appeared to be cloth. Beneath the stretchy material known as Life Fiber they reveal reptilian like faces. 

"What the hell are you?" He remains calm but clenches his fists.

"We are Ganthorians. We hail from what this planet deems the Virgo galaxy. Light years from Earth. We have made this our home for centuries. Much later than Pangaea we are afraid." Neville offers.

"Aliens. So my fucking Government really is hiding you from us."

"At our request. There are many races on this world. Some friendly, others not. We are friendly. Even though your people have betrayed us many times."

"Sorry about that. Give me a minute to let this sink in." He falls back into the sofa. Eyes never leaving them he puffs his cheeks before letting out a deafening exhale, "Alright. So is your son a Ganthorian, you say?"

"Pronounced correctly. And, no. He is an Earthling. A very special Earthling."

"What makes him special?"

"That becomes quite difficult to explain." Dorothea opens up, "To understand better please note that Our race are devoted Scientists. Genetics primarily. James defies our science. He cannot be replicated as other Humans can. Yet, he is how do you say reborn over and over again."

"Reincarnation? Like they believe over in India?"

"Precisely. His lifespan dates to Pangaea."

"How could you know that?"

"Like your world records are kept. Clues found. Hieroglyphs documenting his continual rebirth. We have recorded much since our first arrival here?"

"When was that?"

"In your calculated time of 7 BC. Briefly before your Christ perished." Neville admits while Dorothea looks at him funny.

"What's the look for? Be honest with me." Obadiah demands without a rough tone.

"Are you a religious Man?" She questions.

"Here and there. I believe in God. Who truly knows."

"We know General."

Ridge turns pale and sweats a bit, "Is God real?"

"Yes. The God of God's is very real. The Creator of all that you see."

"Okay. Makes me wanna head to Church after I leave here. What about Jesus?"

Dorothea smiles, "James."

The General freezes in his expression, "How is that possible?"

"Pre-ordained. Each incarnation of James can only survive 33 years of linear age. As one incarnation dies another is born moments later. The rebirthing process begins before the others expiration." Neville informs as Obadiah shakes his head.

"So, now that James Ian is gone back in time? Is there another James still here in our time?"

"Oh yes. Would you like to meet him?"

"He's here? Who is his Mother?" Obadiah swallows dryly.

"Yes. I laid him to rest before coming up to speak with you. He is also named James. We must keep his Mother's name a secret for now."

"A year old?"

"One year and three weeks. Two days. Twenty six minutes. Seconds dwindle rapidly."

"This is insane."

Their attention is drawn to barking at the door. Dorothea carefully rises and opens the door for the German Shepard. Cautious to keep her face hidden from outside. As the dog waltzes in a beam of light cascades over him. Ridge surmises it to be surveillance protection.

"In case he was bugged?"

"Yes. Tick season is horrible." Neville reveals with a straight face.

"I meant REGION. Bugging our conversation."

"Oh! No. Our home security is far more advanced than REGION can break. What we speak of here remains here." Dorothea adds.

"Good to hear. My question is...how much will I be allowed to remember once I leave here today?"

"Everything. You must know things to find your family. Our race was quite fond of your Grandfather."

Ridge chokes suddenly, "My Grandfather? You knew Orin Ridge?"

"Quite well. What your family was told about him was not the truth. He did not die in Vietnam. Your Grandfather worked for REGION and the Majestic. A number of your Military were granted the opportunity to join us on our observations of Earth and other worlds. My own Father was very good friends with Orin. He was a noble man. Unlike others from REGION and Majestic 12."

"This can't be true." Obadiah feels ill.

"Would you like that Iced Tea now?" Dorothea brings up.

"Please." He shivers knowing he was parched.

While Delores rises Xander approaches the General and nuzzles his hand. Obadiah enjoyed dogs having two Great Danes at home. Petting the Shepard was a pleasure. Something immediately connecting with him.

"The plane manifest mentioned James had a dog with him when the plane vanished. Wasn't it called Xander?"

"Yes." Neville nods, "The last four incarnations of James had a dog named Xander. He is a clone."

"No shit." Obadiah holds the dog by his cheeks tilting his face from side to side. Examining the pup for flaws. Nope. Just like a German Shepard. Another question sneaks in, "Is my Grandfather still alive?"

"Yes. He lives on our home world of Ganthora. He wished to remain there. After we cloned your Grandmother and removed the cancer cells that killed her original body." "Good God almighty!" He bellows as Dorothea returns with a glass of tea, "Can I speak to them?"

"Another time. Yes. We say this to protect all of you. REGION does not need to learn of their continued existence. There is more if you wish to know."

"Of course."

"Your Father was cloned as well. As a child. At Orin's request. To help keep Lydia happy."

"Sweet Jesus."

"Sweet James." Dorothea smiles faintly.

"Yeah! That will take awhile to let sink in. What else?"

"Your Great Danes are also clones of each other. That is why you cannot tell them apart." Neville tilts his head.

"You're fucking kidding me. How long have you been in my personal life?"

"Since birth I am afraid. Nothing too dramatic. Be at ease. We merely check up on you for Orin on occasion. The dogs were gifts."

"Fuck! Enough about Me. I'll get back to that. Why was my Wife and Daughter sent back in time?"

"That was unfortunate timing. I believe REGION sent them back on purpose. The reason we are uncertain of. What we can tell you is that REGION attempts Time Travel quite often. As your Philadelphia Experiment proves. As your Malaysian Airliner MH370 did five years prior to your Family's flight. All secret experiments. Survivors unknown. The tests will continue."

"They let you Ganthorians in on their testing?"

"No. We cannot predict their tests. We only record their findings."

"What exactly are they hoping to achieve? You mentioned a great power earlier."

"Yes. They cannot replicate the Philadelphia trial. It succeeded in returning. If not without causalities. No other tests have returned."

"How do they determine when to test?"

Neville continues, "Weather patterns. Lay lines across this planet. There will be your clues to locating your Family and James. James was quite curious about Lay lines. His clues would likely be near them. Even in Pangaea the lines would be the same as they are now."

"Continental drift probably destroyed any clues. Great flood if that really occurred."

"It did. There were warring factions at the time of the Great Flood. Hordakians and the Osirians. The Osirians are the precursor's to Ancient Egypt. Thus your riddle of the Sphinx. James would start there."

"We could discuss History for weeks. Let me in on what I need to focus on."

"Keeping this new incarnation of James a secret. Above all else. Do your best to infiltrate REGION further. Your Grandfather should be your entrance initiation. However, do not let them know he is alive on our world. War might come should you do."

"My Wife on the Eldridge had a book in her possession. She mentioned a Lucas Dorsey. Who was he? His Granddaughter Serena was at my meeting with REGION."

"Lucas Dorsey like Orin was an envoy. He betrayed our people by planting a Time Test on board the X'Hal. Our ship was lost in the 1960's. Survival is unknown to us. We cannot journey back without trapping ourselves. Time will reveal. We can only wait."

"Are there other Ganthorians still on Earth besides you two?"

"Yes. It is safer for our kind to keep our locations a secret."

"Another thing that bothers me. You say only one James can be present in his timeline. Would the James lost with my Family survive if another was present?"

"As said we are talking of the beginning of Time. When exactly the first James was born is unknown."

"Born? Begs another question. Who's the Dad and Who's the Mom?"

Shared glances between the couple leads to a shrug. Neville continuing with, "Man was made in the Creator's image. We can only presume the Creator is the Father. The Mother?"

Delores finishes her Husband's thought, "A Mother knows."

"That doesn't help. But, I can understand. Can James? Jesus? Elmer Fudd for all I know produce offspring? A bloodline."

"Yes. But, the children are normal. So far as our records document. Like I said we could not calculate the lineage earlier than your Christ. We had hoped the ship that Lucas Dorsey swayed back into Pangaea might leave us clues. Perhaps one day."

"Mary Magdalene?"

"A child. Yes. We studied all offspring quite thoroughly. None shared his God genome."

"So James really was the son of God?" Obadiah huffs.

"Perhaps. We do not truly know." Dorothea adds.

"A million questions but I think my brain needs to process it all first. Can we speak again?"

"Yes. We will be in contact. Please do not come here again. For the babies safety." Neville pleads.

"I guess I should meet the Messiah then."

"Not truly a Messiah." Neville ponders the word, "He merely survives. If only in another body each time."

"No special powers? Didn't Jesus perform miracles?"

"He did. Out of all the rebirths Jesus displayed the most Godlike potential. There were perhaps others that did as well. Our race just does not know of them."

"Why do you think James was on that flight?"

"He is on a quest. He knows everything necessary to his lineage. Researching every known detail instead of sleeping. His brain constantly absorbing knowledge." Delores appeared proud.

"Sounds to me like he might be the next Miracle worker. If he's with my Wife and Daughter I feel better about this already. You know, I never bought into all this alien crap until now. Thank you for trusting me. Tell Grampa Orin I love him."

Delores smiles and excuses herself. Leaving Neville to talk more and keep the General occupied. Making her way downstairs. Way down. Ten floors down. In a two story home. Obviously a well kept home. Nothing but the best for Baby James.

DNA spoke volume. Entering a well locked room after a series of Identity checks. Inside was a massive play room. Everything from toys to computers. Within a crib rested the most adorable tike. Already standing at age one. Proving there was more to him than the average baby.

"Hello little one." Dorothea smiles.

Bright eyes recognize her and he bounces in step holding on to the crib. Picking him up Delores hugs him as if he were her own. Bobbing him up and down playfully in her arms. "Someone wants to meet you." She kisses his cheek. Carrying him through the locked room and upstairs. He was all smiles and giggles. Precious to behold.
