 "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKK!"

Jack jumped out of his skin from a dead sleep. Normally more aware than this. He was just drained. Looking about he spots the young woman they had saved cringing in fear. Hugging his sleeping bag like a shield against the scariest sight she had ever seen. Far worse than man eating sharks.

"Lowball! Put some clothes on." Jack stands blocking the Leprechaun who failed to realize his nudity would be offending. He had just taken a bath in the sea and was coming back to air dry upon his own fur pelt. 

"What be ye problem? Canae Fellow take hiself a bath?"

"Clothes on now." Jack orders with a stern look.

"Fine. As if the wee lass hasnae seen a--"

"What are you?" The woman panics.

"Calm down. He didn't mean you any harm." Jack places his palms out to console her, "At least I don't think he did."

"Course I did nae. Quit ye lookin' at me like I be a beady eye."

"You do have beady eyes." Jack frowns. He then turns back to the girl, "My name is Jack. I wrote that note Iota brought out to you. I'm sorry we couldn't save your friends. We did rescue you though. Once you calm down you will see you're among good people. This streaker behind me is Lowball. You met Iota. She's around here somewhere. What's your name?"

She calms a bit more but shyly hides behind the sleeping bag, "Bianca. My name is Bianca Teleone."

"It's a pleasure to meet you Bianca. Where are you from? I'm from New York. USA."

"Crete."

"That explains the Greek accent. Beautiful place. I had a layover there once on my way to the UK. Do you know what happened to you?"

She stares at the sailboat bobbing against the incoming tide. Anchored to the beach to make certain it wasn't lost in the night. Cautiously she rises to her feet and shrouds herself in the sleeping bag. Shuffling away she walks out to the boat. There were still blood stains from her friends on the deck. Including a familiar corpse. Half of one anyway. It made her tilt sideways and vomit.

"I'd hold your hair but I like my hands." Jack tries to be cute. He knew it went over badly. "They all died." She holds her breath.

"Again, I'm sorry. We did our best to save you."

"I should have died with them. Why am I so lucky to live?"

"I guess you must still have a purpose in this world."

"Where are we? This does not look like any coastline of Greece or even the Mediterranean." Bianca stares around her for clarification.

"Not even close. Question. Did you see any strange lights? Purple lights at sea?"

"Yes. It was calm at sea then a very short storm. Calm once more."

"I hate to break it to you but you and your friends. Family? Well, you got lost in time. Just like I did. Just like Lowball and Iota did. Like thousands of other people over the centuries."

"You must be on acid."

He chuckles, "I wish I were. What year is it?"

"1972."

"I'm from 2019. I still love Elton John. My favorite is Rocket Man. You must have a generator on the boat to play music. This place blocks anything electrical unless there's more tech involved. A different power source that is."

"2019? Definitely on acid."

Jack nods then reaches into his back pocket for his wallet. His only connection to home. Opening it he produces a valid drivers license. She shyly looks it over as he displays it. The sight making her uneasy.

"That's some wild hair you have there. Definitely a 70's hairdo. Long, full, and feathered."

She squints at him over his observation, "You would talk about my hair when my friends are all dead?"

"Never considered. I'm sorry."

"Castor's body is still on the boat. What there is of him."

"We can bury Castor. Who were the others?"

"Filipe and Elena. My future Sister-in-law. Castor was my Fiancée." She weeps, "Elena's brother. Filipe her boyfriend."

"I'll dig a hole. We can lay Castor to rest." Jack clears his throat.

"You are very kind."

He nods and turns toward Lowball now dressed and exploring the beach for a spot. The Leprechaun had already anticipated the burial. Using his helmet to dig in the dirt. Jack admired his new friend for his caring soul. That emotion changed quick.

"I found clams. We be eatin' breakfast soon." Lowball holds a clam over his head grinning from ear to ear.

"Yeah." Jack frowns at Bianca, "I'll do the digging."

Taking his leave to find another spot to excavate left Bianca to weep even harder at her loss. Eyes closed she doesn't spot Iota fluttering next to her with a pouty face. The girls emotions making the Sprite sad. In a sudden inspiration Iota buzzes down to the sailboat's deck and obtains the ring she had attempted to offer once before. Picking it up with ease she zips skyward to hover in front of Bianca.

"I, O'tah." She refreshes.

Bianca opens her watery eyes and see's the Sprite with her gift. Bianca timidly lifts her palm up under it. Iota happy to see the girl react to her gently lowers and sits the ring in her hand.

"T-thank you." Bianca couldn't believe what she was seeing. A real life Faerie. She must have bumped her head. Once reality returns and Iota was still there Bianca gave up. She watched Jack on his knees removing soil with his bare hands. Above him a floating orb that watched. Bianca's world was ready for a padded cell. She would resist that peril. Wanting to climb into the boat to obtain her things she suddenly fears it. Seeing flashes of the shark attack. It made her cringe and step back. Giving up for the moment she retires to Jack's side. He being the only normal human being in her eyes. It was true.

"I owe you my life."

"No sweat. I'm a Soldier. I fight for lives. I'm a Colonel in the Marines. Navy Seal training. Sniper. All the good options."

"I see. I worked at my Grandmother's Bakery. I was poor at baking."

"I'm sure she adored you regardless."

"Yes. She told me so each day." She shivers against the morning breeze, "Why are we here?"

"Million dollar question. I think it's just a matter of bad luck. Right place wrong time. Wrong place right time. The concept is moot."

"How do we get out?"

Continuing his dig he shrugs, "What I'm doing right here? I'm pretty sure this is where we end up eventually. This land will claim us. Only a matter of time."

"I do not wish to die here." Bianca narrows her eyes regaining her composure.

"None of us do Lass." Lowball shuffles over, "Ye be diggin' too far ashore for clams Laddie."

Jack growls, "I'm NOT digging for clams. I'm digging a grave. Yours if you don't start showing respect for the dead."

"Peesh! Ye nae have to yell. I'll just be takin' me fishing stick out to the water. Catch me a big one. Hopin' the bait I got from yon boat will do the trick."

Jack waves him on until he thinks about what the Leprechaun said, "DAMMIT! I'm a fucking babysitter." He jumps to his feet and races to grab Lowball's hand. In it was an eyeball from Castor's corpse. He tries not to let Bianca see it.

"What ye be doin'? That be mine."

"Don't be an imbecile. That belongs to her Fiancée. Don't even say you didn't know that." "What good be it now. The lad be dead. Perfect bait."

"Why did I think you would be the smart one?" Jack snatches the eye and points at the Leprechaun, "Stay away from the body."

Grumbling Lowball stormed off to try spear fishing instead. Iota giggled at Jack until he sneers at her, "Keep him away from the body. Please?"

Iota nods repeatedly. She understood.

Three miles below the Ganthorian Hilton Sophia Ridge swam deeper than ever before. In her invincible body she didn't succumb to pressure or even having to breath oxygen. The water that she inhales is fed upon for nutrients and quickly expelled through her pores. The microbes were amazing. The speed at swimming was faster than a traditional porpoise. Her body illuminating brightly to allow her to see what was around her. Even amid the stirring sediment off of the walls. 

Tapping into her loyal microscopic friends for advice the consensus was turn back. She was not willing to do that. By ignoring their decision they adapted and had no choice but to continue on. Sophia was their host. She was in control they were merely her conscience and her power. They adored her none the less. Better or worse they stood beside her. Within her. They needed her as much as she needed them.

Unable to speak underwater was her only drawback. Luckily she could commune with them through thought. Impulse. The silence around her was haunting. Only the vibrations of her movements in the current could be detected. That and the circulation of aquatic life existing in the depths already. Familiar with their environment. The eeriness foreboding.

At the five mile marker her microbes informed her of the depth and distance she had reached. From there it became a matter searching for possible entry points. She knew there were cave systems. She had seen some on her last trip down. In her battle with the shark hybrid Karnog. Animahni had also spoken of them. This would take some time. 

Like sonar her microbial allies detect a large entrance into the walls. There were smaller ones but they recommended the larger due to safety. Cave ins would be bad. She/They would need room to work should such a disaster happen. Sophia for once agreed and listened to their direction. 

"Here goes guys. Let's go fishing for Ganthorian Mermaids." She careens through the stone passage ways. The cave almost seemed man made. The sheerness of the walls almost chiseled in spots. Rugged and natural in others. Still, they wound and wound deeper and outward. The depth could have reached another quarter mile down.

At a point it appeared the walls were getting wider between them. That meant in her mind she might be getting close. The static signal her friends were following led her to this point. Light was seeping down into the water from above. 

"How are we getting sunlight?" She ponders, stopping to float and carefully examine her surroundings, "At this depth that would be impossible. Has to be artificial." Vibrations from the exterior walls attract her. Touching them with both hands she hears her tiny companions decipher the code they give off. 

"Movement above. Okay? Life or tectonic? Ha! Shocked I knew the word tectonic? I read things." She giggles in her thoughts, "Weight of foot traffic? Organic vibrations as well? What does that mean? Oh, natural like shifting in the bedrock but not classified as tectonic. More of a natural disturbance. Is it safe to surface?"

Of course they do not recommend that. But, she was too stubborn and too curious not to check things out. She could not justify traveling this far alone only to come home without vital info. Or, even a Ganthorian girl in tow. It had not occurred to her just how she could get the girl home safely even if she found her. Until now.

"We sure didn't think that through. Did we?" She rises climbing the wall until her head surfaces above a water line. Within the cave she could only see light illuminating from the walls. Strange web like lighting at that. All connected but with almost an artwork feel to it. Darkness in between the light.

"What do we have here?" She examined the webbing with interest. Almost as if trying to read between the lines. There was a pattern to it. It was just trying to decide exactly what it interpreted. Giving up for the moment after hearing voices in a strange language she lowers cautiously back into the water. 

From there she looked around. Above her was a stone ledge about forty feet up. A good vantage point she thought. Easing into the shadows she decides to make a break from the water and scale upward until she could hide on the ledge behind a rock. Not much could be seen. The cavern however was massive. There was another ledge about sixty feet higher and to her left. She had no choice. Higher she climbed. As she did it dawned on her what the light webbing was. Once upon the higher ledge she absorbs the light webbing better to confirm her theory.

"When a girl is right, a girl is right. Those webbings are stick people climbing. Millions of them. Reaching for a pinnacle of light above. Religious artwork?"

Above her still she spots portions of the artwork and carefully scales higher to examine it up close. Touching the light sent shocks through her. Her friends within singing loudly as if in prayer. It was touching.

"This isn't paint. Not even carvings. What the heck created this?"

A noise to her right sparks her to freeze. Worried of a rockslide she realizes it was a single falling rock. One that had been thrown up at her to get her attention. Leering down she spots a very familiar face. 

"Animahni." She smiled. The red skinned beauty waving up at her. Trying to get her to come down. Sophia was not ready to leave her perch just yet. She was also concerned over what was right over the rock wall she hugged. Noise. The sounds of humming. Like a pulsating heartbeat.

Choosing to ignore Animahni, Sophia just had to see what was on the other side. "Almost there. Now let's see what we have here."

Rising up she spots something that totally blows her mind. 

"Was not expecting that."

Out over a large crater sat the second most important structure in her new world. 

"Another Ganthorian Starship. Just like ours. This one looks fully powered up. This could be our ticket home." She grew giddy. That faded the second she heard growls around her. That and the sounds of charging weapons. To both sides of her she realized that she was not alone. Her tiny pals tried to warn her.

"Boar Gods from Piggly Wiggly?"

"Do not move or you will die." One of the 7 foot tall hairy giants spoke gruffly. His face like the others almost Boar like. Small tusks protruding from the sides of their mouths. Eyes red and angry.

"Who are you guys?" She pauses. Her tiny friends warning her of their weapons energy signatures. 

"I am Field Leader G'Ort of the Hordakian Elite. You are our prisoner. Come peacefully or perish where you stand."

"Slow down. I just got here. Let me catch my breath." She borrows time. Her inmates begging her to give up. They knew the outcome of resistance. She hated that idea. However, she could infiltrate and wage her war from within. It was the better plan. Dying, if she could die in her invincible form was hardly appealing. She had technically died once already. It was becoming a habit for her family. Between she and her Mother. Hauling herself up on to the level surface she puts her hands in the air and points at her body.

"Not into bestiality but you can all frisk me if you think I'm carrying weapons."

"You are the weapon. Our scanners detect the parasites within you. The deadly Tyrant Tears of Tormaz 4. Touching you would prove fatal."

"So, you're afraid of me. Yay! Put your weapons down. I promise not to hurt you."

"We think not. On my mark." Bellows G'Ort.

Six weapons discharge into her with a sonic level pulse. Sophia Ridge hears her friends screaming as they perish. Sophia herself turning human as they vacate her cells into a death puddle at her feet. Her mind panicking at their abandonment.

"Nooooooooo! Stop. You're killing them all."

"That is our plan. Now! Kneel or die."

"So not cool." She wanted to cry.

A final glance over the edge to see if Animahni was still below. Long gone. Hopefully to get help. With a whimper Sophia Ridge drops to her knees until shackled. A long pole slithered beneath her wrists and bound ankles. Body hoisted into the air with ease and carried away. It would be sexy if it didn't mean bad things ahead.

Jack Ramse had completed his goal of burying Castor's half carcass. Covering it with dirt and patting it smooth. All while Bianca Teleone stood above looking down at the grave. Her emotions pulled back. Not even teary eyed now. Jack found her strength admirable. "I'll give you a minute to say your peace. We talk after."

Her big brown eyes follow him away and she mumbles a prayer. Crossing her chest as a good Catholic girl would do out of respect. Wearing his ring now she finds herself staring deeply at it. She recalled the day Castor discovered it on the beach of Crete. He knew it was very old. Bronze and bone attached in the shape of a Ram's head. Intricate yet beautiful. It made the perfect engagement ring. One that they shared instead of just her. It was too big for her finger after all. Still she loved it.

After ten minutes Jack returns, "Interesting ring."

"Yes. Castor found it washed ashore on Crete. He proposed to me that day." She raises her knuckles to let him see it better.

"Perfect day it sounds like." Jack looks at it with more detail, "Ram horns. Wonder who made it? For that matter who owned it. I thought the Minoans worshipped a bull. That ring has to be that old."

"I do not know. I do not care. It is mine now."

"Gotcha. Okay, let's discuss the future. We can't just stay here. Well, you can I guess. But, we can't. I offer you friendship and my protection. Up to you what and where you want to go. I'll just say this. Your chances of continued survival rests with us. If you can tolerate the midget exhibitionist over there."

She narrows her eyes at Lowball. His belly full of clams and laying back farting loudly. Iota buzzing about holding her nose.

"I have few choices. I will go where you go. I feel safe with you. Him I do not."

"He's harmless. Just watch your belongings. I'm glad you feel safe with me. You have my word I'll do whatever is necessary to keep you alive. Watch my back, I'll watch yours."

"Agreed."

"Settled then. Next step. I'm tired of walking. I'd like your permission to use the sailboat. If you say no I'll honor that. I know it's too soon for you considering. But, it makes travel faster and more comfortable."

Her eyes bulge and she shivers in her turtleneck sweater. She really needed to put pants on. Her shorts were not enough against the chill. 

"What about the sharks?"

"We come ashore each nightfall. I'll follow the coastline as far as we can. No matter where we travel its new territory. I came from that way. Brutal desert. Thousands of crashed ships and planes. Even cars. Anything with electronics is dead to us."

"How then does your magic ball fly? Lift boats."

"Alien tech. Yes aliens from outer space. They do exist. The ball is called Fenway. He's kind of like my sidekick. Pretty darn helpful too."

"Aliens exist?" Her eyes flare.

"Yep. About 200 miles that way I left friends that survived my plane crash. They live in an Alien spaceship the size of three football fields. Lots of useful technology there. Makes for a nice home. Safer anyway."

"Should we not go there then?"

"You can. If you want too. But, I'm exploring. I can point you in the right direction and give you a bit of food and water. I don't advise it though. There's awful big lizards out there. Hungry ones. Dinosaurs. Safer here with me."

"I will stay with you."

"Great. Let's check out your boat. Seaworthy will help. Sails and masts look good from here. Mostly teeth marks on the hull. Haven't looked under it yet." He guides her over to the craft, "Still floating near the rudder. No water inside. I say its decent. If not then we have Fenway and Iota haul us back to dry land. Deal?"

"You are now the Captain." She warmly smiles, crawling into the boat. Shuffling to the small cabin and entering it. It was a mess having been tossed and turned the night before. Clothing slung about. Cassette tapes of music. The boom box luckily survived. She feels Jack joining her in the boat and shivers as he peeks inside the cabin door.

"Permission to come aboard?"

"I was about to change my clothes. It is getting very warm out now." She raises her turtleneck sweater up over her head. Braless beneath, her massive back breaking 40D's fell out and bounced playfully. Jack tried not to look. Unsuccessful. He was a man. She didn't seem to mind. A free spirit he presumed. Right era for one. That led to her pulling on a concert T-shirt of the classic band Deep Purple. Fitting considering it was a purple light show that brought any of them back in time.
