 "James? Are you here to save me?"

Sophia Ridge was doing her best to comprehend her dreams. Wondering for a moment if the food the Ganthorian female Harpea gave her was laced with some hallucinogenic. The singing in her mind from a lone Tyrant Tear cell kept her calm.

"No Sophia. You are here to save me."

"How can I save you? You're five miles upstairs."

"No. I'm right here in this ship with you."

"Definitely given good drugs."

"You're not drugged. Sophia I need you to listen to me very closely. No more tuning me out like you did when I was a kid."

"You're still a kid Dummy."

"Does my voice sound like I'm 15 years old? DUMMY!"

"Hey you called me a stupid bitch. I'm not stupid. Maybe a bitch. I'll give you that one."

"Sorry about the name calling. I needed to get through to you. It was the only way I knew how. Now please let me talk. There's way too much to let you in on and my time is running out. I need to prepare you before Harpea or Orin comes in and wakes you up. Can you stay quiet long enough to hear me out?"

"I was quiet until you just made me answer you. I can now. Talk. I'm just listening to my friend here sing."

"About him. He's not the only survivor. I can reunite you with more of his kind and get you back to what you were before the sonic exchange that killed the others. If that's what you want. You could stay human again."

"I liked being invincible. It was sexy."

"Good to know. I was going to inject you with more of them when the time was right."

"I love it when you talk dirty. If only it wasn't you doing the talking."

"Let's knock this off Sophia. I love bantering just like you but this is life and death. The world as we know it depends on Me. I depend on you."

"I'm listening." She hums a tune along with her Tyrant Tear then stops, "Hey! Why did you stop singing?"

"He stopped because I asked him to. Dammit Sophia take this seriously. Within this ship I'm being held captive. Not the James Ian you knew as a 15 year old. The James Ian that will be 33 years old in a day's time. Same James different ages."

"Say what?"

"You heard me. Take me serious. We have to plot my escape carefully. If I expire at 33 the way Orin wants I could unravel all of Time itself."

"Why are you so important? I never saw anything special in you."

"You should. Without me, you or anyone for that matter would exist."

"That would be God's job."

"Only begotten son. I was Jesus. I was many. I was Legion. No, not the demon verse you read about in the Bible. Legion merely meaning I'm reborn over and over again. Every 33 years I die and start over. Ordinarily 2 of me could not co-exist in the same time period. Let alone 3. I'm an Anomaly."

"There's that word again. I thought that was a board game."

"That's Monopoly. Don't make me call you names again."

"You love it." She smiles in her dream, "So Ruby's baby really is you?"

"To be honest I'm not certain. I think so. Time is kind of fucked up because of me. When I crashed us here I altered Time. I put a crimp in REGION's plans. Orin's plan. Your Grandfather is an evil man Sophia. He wants to control Time and shape it his way. In his mind it puts him on the scent for God himself."

"Yeah! Cloned I hear. That's not going to make God happy."

"I don't truly think God worries about that. Outside of the fact a clone is born without a soul. It's just a shell of what the original is. Which brings up something I need you to not laugh at. This is basis for the future if we're not successful."

"What's that? I won't laugh."

"Orin Ridge! If you merge the two names first and last. Alpha and Omega his name becomes ORIGIN. All things exist for a reason. His was to be there at the beginning. Which is now. Here. Pangaea. One continent. One world."

"That's deep."

"It gets deeper Sophia. I've learned so much after I left Pangaea. Twice it appears. Three times if you count my original body. Keep with me. Try and understand."

"I'm with you James."

"Have you noticed my middle name IAN is in nearly every word in the dictionary? In some fashion. It all begins here at NAI-SEMAJ. The holiest of holy places on Earth. The cauldron of God. Those grottos outside the ship. I was born originally there. At the hour of my death I will be thrown into the grotto. Orin wants to start a new chain of events. He plans to jump in with me."

"Dictionary? What does that have to--"

"DystopIAN future. Even if the letters are not quite spelled accurately I'm present in them. CommunION. In some dialects it still comes across as IAN. SuggestION. CorruptION. ConceptION. Hundreds of other words. I know it sounds silly Sophia but its true. The origin of all begins with me."

"I need Time to grasp all of this."

"Think of life as a mirror. If you place a multitude of mirrors facing each other how many images of yourself will you see?"

"Infinite number?"

"Exactly. Yet a mirror image if looked upon long enough you will find a flaw. Reality can only be identical once a generation. This is why my past lives end in 33. The number is a mirror image until one is turned the opposite direction. Meaning rebirth. One ends. One begins. When combined 33 becomes the number 8. Infinity sideways. Nicola Tesla knew what he was talking about."

"Yeah, over my head. Lost you at mirror. I bet my hairs a mess."

"Relax. It all makes sense. It took me awhile to decipher it all too. And, my brain outweighs yours by 80%."

"Hard to swallow James."

"I heard you were good at swallowing."

"Wouldn't you like to know."

"Not the time but yes I would. For the record I'm a 33 well almost 33 year old Virgin. Exactly why I was chosen by Orin. The whole Virgin sacrifice theory. He might end up being correct. If my blood is shed at the hour of my rebirth into the grotto while he swims in it. Well...game changer."

"You're a virgin at 33?" She giggles.

"Ha Ha! Don't start. I'm the only virgin out of all my rebirths. Not even Jesus could resist a woman."

"Wow! I bet you jerked off a lot."

"I'm doomed. Why did I even believe you could save me? Save everyone. Ruby. Jack. Malcolm. Everyone."

"Jack is gone."

"He makes his way home. We all do. I got us there. It took me until age 27 to do so but I succeeded. REGION intercepted me instantly. All of you were locked away in Area 51. Well Area 61 by then."

"We got home? Cool. Was I still super sexy?"

"Yes. You were." He clears his throat.

"Why the frog?"

"Nothing."

"You got a woody thinking about me didn't you?" She chuckles. Her expression again smiling from her dream.

"No comment."

"Hey! How can I hear you in my dream but not when awake?"

"Aboriginal dreamtime. It was my only solution to reach you. I knew you loved meditation. If this had not worked you might have seen me killed and your Grampa taking over the world."

"Super villain 101?"

"Precisely. I know he's your relative by blood Sophia but you are nothing like him. Thank you for taking after your Mom."

"Is my Daddy a good man?"

"I never met the man. I read good things. Heard even more. He vanished in 2022. Nobody knows what happened. I'm guessing he got too close to the truth."

"That sucks."

"I know. I do know he was approached by REGION and shown something extraordinary. You might know by now. Madigan ended up on the Philadelphia Experiment conducted in 1943. Somehow in her ghostly form she traversed time and space when REGION reclaimed the Eldridge. I need you to take note that Ridge is in that ships name. The first part symbolizing Elder thus Eldr Ridge. Coincidence? I'm not certain. Anyway, they captured early video of Maddy trying to communicate in the few moments she was allowed in their first trial of the Time travel testing. By inviting your Dad on board REGION carefully watched his every move. Desperately wanting him to lead them to a solution to travel back in time and be able to return successfully. The Eldridge incident was the only time ever when they were able to retrieve it again. Until I came back. We came back. Ahead I mean. You know what I'm saying."

"Do you think Daddy might have been killed then? Or, could he have found a way to us? I want to believe in my Dad."

"No idea Sophia. But, listen we can't dwell on that. When I die your Grampa could set off a chain of events that destroys everything we know. History will change. Your Dad? Your Mom? Even You might never be born. Over time Orin could even become immortal in a sense. Like me. Even though I die every 33 years there have been cases in my rebirths that have allowed me to exceed age 33. The trouble is I don't retain those memories. Only a select few did. Like Da Vinci. Yes, I was Leonardo. He left a code for his future selves to realize that he was part of the bloodline."

"Too cool. How can I get to your body?" She shivers, "Never thought I would say that."

"I'm being held in the far labs. In our ship that would be an area I hid from you guys early on. Until the time was right. If we survive this. You survive this. My younger self will explain that. Just ask him. Me."

"Okay. Confusing but okay. I'm pretty much useless without my microbes. I don't think one can do much damage. Not knocking it. At least I have him."

"One will be enough to guide you. There are more tears on board. A smaller cache than on our vessel up above. They know of your arrival. The one shared mind keeps them in the loop. They're just awaiting you."

"Really? Yay me. But, how do I get past any guards? That Harpea lady. Can she be trusted?"

"No. She has her own agenda."

"Her cousin is the girl on board our ship."

"Princess Kym'Ani."

"Whoa! A princess? Really?"

"Yep. She's still out there. Harpea wants her dead so she can usurp the throne when Kym'Ani's parents die. Orin promised her the throne if she helped him reach the grottos in time to alter History. She agreed. Some of her scientists joined her out of curiosity. They want to understand why I cannot be cloned by their standards. My DNA is different than all known and documented."

"Why are you different?"

"Even I don't know that. We might find out tomorrow when I die. Well, you might. I might not continue on if Orin alters things."

"The strange stick figures on the cavern walls?"

"Each one is me. My ascension. Reaching for the true End."

"Heaven?"

"As good a guess as any. Although Infinity usually circles back and starts over. That is what Orin hopes for. To become the new beginning. In his image. Not mine."

"Alright. I wish we could reach the guys on the surface. We could use their help."

"I tried. The rabbits found me here. They tried to bring help but it wasn't successful."

"The rabbits? What the heck?"

"Long story. They're not the bad guys like Ruby began to suspect. They were sent by...Someone is coming. Wake up and remember everything. Please. I'm counting on you Sophia."

"I'll find you. I swear."

"Call the rabbits."

"How?"

James fell silent. Only a warm buzz in her head as her microbe grew dormant to avoid detection. It would be her reminder should her dreams fade away.

"Sophia? Wake up. It's time we got to know each other better."

Eyes flutter and she stares up at her Grandfather holding a bowl of steaming food. Carefully spooning some broth into his mouth. 

"Rabbit stew. Want some?"

In her mind Sophia whined. He had found the rabbit.

The cruise liner after dark seemed like an impossible oasis. Even in the moonlight it glowed in the dark. A haven for lost souls. As the moon grew high the grounds became an eerie mire of swirling energies. Above on the deck of the ship Madigan Ridge anticipated. Hopeful of another chance to speak with her Husband. Behind her standing Sabbath Black cloaking herself tightly within her fur coat.

"I hope you get what you seek Madigan."

"As I you Sabbath. I will not stop worrying for you. Cameron is so different in this new form. Yet parts of him the same. I fear he will succumb to a darker persona and reside there."

"I believe you to be correct. Still, I owe him my humanity. What spooks me is what he is doing to poor Lucy. She is so naïve."

"The same might be said of you Sabbath. You allow this. Calling him your Lord. Come on now. That just exudes darkness don't you think?"

"It does. I see your point. I am torn. I miss the other Cameron. He was kind to me. This Cameron has his moments. I do believe he cares for me."

"Our Cameron has not shown us darkness. Just the opposite actually. Light just shines in his eyes. In his joking around."

"What if he comes for me? Will the two of them fight over me? What would I do?"

"I can't decide that for you. Only you know right from wrong. Even as a Vampire I knew that to be true of you."

"Thank you Madigan. I will do what is right."

"Counting on that Sweetheart. Look below. Am I seeing human forms emerging?"

"Yes. I see them as well. Go. I will check on Cameron."

Madigan palms the girl's cheek with a warm smile, "Be back soon."

Turning to her spirit form Maddy levitates over the rails of the deck and drifts down slowly amid the purplish swirl of mist and light. Touching the ground she again becomes tangible. All around her were eyes. Not merely that of wandering spirits caught in flux but something more. Surrounding her were a host of Vampires. All merely curious. None seeking malice.

"Obadiah? Are you here with me?" She turns in step looking from spirit to spirit. Seeking out the Captain of the Cruise Liner. This whole concept boggled her. How could Obadiah reach out from the distant future like some Medium?

"Hello?" A feminine voice responds to Maddy's request.

"Yes. I'm here. Who are you?"

"My name is Judith Lamb. I work for REGION. Well, I did. I assisted Obadiah with reaching out to you. Any of you."

"Welcome Judith. What year are you speaking from? This ship vanished in 2027 according to the Captain's log."

"Interesting. I believe this ship you mention must be another attempt by REGION to cross time and return. It has been their goal since 1943. Nothing has been successful. Obviously if the ship is still there it too was a failure. The frequency I speak on from the year 2022 appears to be following the temporal residues left behind by the Hemisphere Project. That being a test of communications through time and space. Energy templates. A way of narrowing down the when and where of events unfolding."

"I see. Where is Obadiah?"

"I am afraid I do not know. He and a select few vanished a month ago. Off the grid of REGION. I was left behind to monitor the channels created by Milo Grayson."

"Is Obadiah dead?"

"I do not know Mrs. Ridge. What is the name of the ship you speak of? Perhaps I can look into it more closely before it actually vanishes. It might save a few lives in the future."

"Or ruin this chance we have of talking now. Won't that manipulate Time?"

"Being in our future we could devise something to work in our favor. Knowing ahead of time that REGION will hijack it."

"Please be careful." Maddy looks behind her at the hull. On it displayed the name, BEAUTIFUL DREAMER, "Wait. Beautiful Dreamer? James mentioned that project. He tried to tell Obadiah about it. Some file on it exists in 2019 or earlier."

"I'll look into that."

Another voice from behind her interrupts their commune, "Madigan?"

"Who?" She pivots to explore the source.

"It's me. James."

"James? You sound older."

"I am older. Listen to me. If my calculations are dead on then you must find Sophia and myself. My older self. I'm five miles below the Ganthorian Hilton. She and I are held hostage by Orin Ridge and a bunch of rogue Ganthorians. Don't I repeat don't trust Orin. Bad news. Majestic 12 bad."

"Orin? Obadiah's grandfather? How? He died in Vietnam."

"Lies. I'm calling from the future. We made it home Maddy. Only now Orin holds everyone captive in 2031. Including my future self. I don't understand why I don't have a counterpart rebirth right now. It's like maybe he too got lost in time. Otherwise I should be protoplasm by now. Two cannot exist in the same timeline."

"Then how can you be held prisoner in this time while our James at 15 is here?"

"Good question. Keep in mind I might be a genius but I'm not above being in the dark too."

"All I know is I had a dream. It showed me myself being held in another Ganthorian ship like ours. We both know the female Ganthorian left a distress call from five miles below. Sophia went looking on her own. In my dream she was captured by Orin. I know his face through research. Confusing I know but bear with me. Time is a strange beast. My dream is a cross time reflection. Someone somehow reached out to me from there. Showing me myself in the predicament I'm in. Orin wants to use me to recreate History in his image." "I'm lost James. How do you exist in various times? I know what you and Ruby revealed to us when you admitted to trapping us here to find your parents. Explain that a bit further."

"Not much time left. The signal will be lost shortly. I'm Time itself Madigan. I'm God's reflection in a mirror. Not God himself. Just his reflection. Crazy I know. There's a Grotto five miles below the Hilton. Find me. Save Sophia. Stop Orin. It all ends in less than a day. If my numbers match up. I pray I'm not wrong. The rabbits....."

Transmission lost Maddy turns back to Judith. She too had lost her way. 

"Good Grief. This is just insane."

Eying her surrounding escort of Vampires she winces, "Do you know how to get 5 miles below ground?"

The Vampires share a common thought and each point back toward the direction of the Hilton. Maddy knew where they were sending her. She had a thought. More than one. "I know you seek a Leader now that Lilith and Verago are gone. I cannot condone your bloodlust but I could really use your help."

"I can take care of that Madigan."

Behind her stood a surprise visitor. From a thicket of brush growing amid the sand stood a friendly face.

"Lillian?"

"Gaea. Yes. I still maintain a link with the Vampires. Through them I overheard you. Perhaps I can be of help. I do owe all of you after all. For restoring Eden."

"Can you locate where the older James and my daughter are being held?"

"Yes. Easily. I connect with this world and all within it. While outside Eden I will admit that my powers are lessened. I can offer what morsels I can. Let me communicate with the Vampires. I'll send them below as our eyes."

"Eyes." Maddy ponders, "The rabbits James started to mention. They generate tiny portals of blue light. How could I not see that earlier. The residue of their arrival. The primitive Lorenzo must have been trying to capture a rabbit and got killed when it escaped into the portal. All Alice in Wonderland crap."

"Go. Inform my sister and her Angel. I will send the Vampires in. Seeing what they see I can offer you insight."

"Thank you for joining us Gaea."

"You are quite welcome my Friend. Now go."

Leaving her Maddy rises high into the sky and lands back on the deck of the ship. An immediate search of the Palace found nothing. She then traipsed the halls finally venturing to the room that they had found Lorenzo. A shocking sight to say the least.

"Cameron? What?"

"Shhhhhhh!" Cameron spoke from his Indian style position. Hands to his side. Eyes closed. Around him sat Moe and Gomez. All sitting as he was. As if meditating. They were in a trance.

The area where Lorenzo's body still remained halfway between here and wherever he was, began glowing once again. The blue circle returning as if being recalled. Watching this led Madigan to sense a disturbance in the spiritual plane. Before her eyes she watches Lorenzo shudder and come alive. Literally crawling from the circle of light. Reclaiming his lost body yet still battered and broken.

"Cameron? Stop. He's dead. A zombie will not help us." She pleads.
