 2020 A.D.

Obadiah Ridge continued interrogating Serena Dorsey about her Great Grandfather Lucas. Lost in Time although not completely certain of his true whereabouts. The General here to discover the possible location of a book that ended up in Dorsey's possession after Obadiah's wife traversed dimensions and time itself during experiments conducted by the U.S. Government during the 40's. The Philadelphia Experiment to be precise.

He wanted to understand everything. On the right track he felt after discovering the Parents of young James Ian Pryce to be aliens. Not even his biological family. Merely his caretakers. Learning of the multitude of reincarnations since the dawn of existence. There was so much more he felt he needed to explore. For the moment content upon his mission to find and read Dorsey's diary. Or whatever he wanted to call it. Playbook? Bible? Who knew.

"Nai-Semaj. James Ian in reverse." That alone made Obadiah sit up straight, "What exactly is this Nai-Semaj?"

"The Alabastards spoke highly of it. A very religious place. All worlds have it. Ours however is classified as the most important. The birthplace of God. The baptismal pool. If you believe that is. Nobody truly knows. Where it is remains elusive. As does Atlantis. Noah's Ark. The flight carrying your family. Forgive my inclusion."

"Perhaps like the Philadelphia Experiment? Lost in time and space. Good reason any of that not being found." He adds.

"Exactly. The Alabastards have lost some of their own in just such a way. Not through technology based weapons planted on board. For centuries people have vanished without a trace. They are no different. They like many other races are here to discover the reason why it occurs. If you buy into what I'm admitting that is."

Her legs uncross letting slip her skirt. A gentle peek of flesh beneath pointed out a suspicious expectation. No panties. She was cordial at least, not going too far. As a Man Obadiah noticed. Glad that she was not truly gay. Not that it mattered. He cleared his throat regardless.

"Aren't you afraid your home has been tapped? REGION or whomever could be listening to our every word."

"No power helps."

"As I mentioned, Drones a distinct possibility. A bug doesn't require power Serena."

"Trust me General. Our words are safeguarded. Even if they were listening our words would be distorted. To them we are sharing recipes from Hell's Kitchen. Written recipes of course."

"How do you explain that? Connections in the spy industry?"

"Of a sort. I can make you a believer General. If you wish. If it is discovered you are not to be trusted? You will leave here without answers. You will recall a recipe for Ginger Chicken however."

"Allergic to Ginger. I'm all ears. I'll take the risk of trusting you if you do the same."

"Agreed." She smiles then looks over her shoulder toward a bedroom. Obadiah swallows hoping she wasn't thinking of bedding him down. Instead she dangles an arm behind her as if reaching out. A door creaks open offering a bit of intrigue.

"Do we have company?" Obadiah starts to stand. 

"Relax General. It's only my boyfriend. No threesome planned."

"Boyfriend? You two hike up here? Oh, right the ATV outside."

"Purely recreational. There are other ways to get here. As you will learn soon enough. You can come out now. It's safe."

Uneasy Obadiah found his palms sweaty. What or who would step through that door. His wait was over. Heartbeat racing. Out stepped a six foot six man. Chalk white flesh. Hair long and equally as white. A long black feathered braid dangled from his locks. Lank until reaching his shoulders. From there it was easy to tell he was fit. Wearing a black turtleneck and grey pants. The man was barefoot with what appeared as a black molding on the bottom of his feet. His version of shoes. Upon his left hand a series of three rings.

"General? Allow me to introduce you to SeVen."

"Sven? Nordic I presume."

"Pleiadian." The man confirmed. His voice soft and direct.

"It is SeVen actually." Serena points out, "Not Sven. Not Seven as in the number. It is pronounced Sah-Vin. Isn't he lovely?"

Obadiah stands tall and makes a hesitant journey around the room to offer a hand of friendship. SeVen accepts his hand with a nod of understanding. It was cold to the touch. The General admired the rings.

"Interesting jewelry."

"Birth. Death. Resurrection." He informs pointing to each, "They symbolize the unity of all that is. It is a pleasure to meet you General Ridge."

"Like wise. First alien I've met. I apologize if I appear nervous."

"You need not lie General. We know that you met with the Pryce's on Long Island. That they revealed themselves as Ganthorians."

He pauses to look as if he didn't know what they were talking about. He had been warned not to trust anyone.

"Trust is difficult General. Even for myself." SeVen glares through black eyes. His pupils a tender yellow in color, "I risk as much revealing myself to you. My people would not be happy that I did. We hide from the world's population for a reason. They would use us as they have so many others. We are only here to discover the truth."

"I see. So, you know of this Nai-Semaj. Is it real?"

"Fabled at best. To know for certain would require a trip through Time. We await such proof. Members of our people have gone back in search of it. A clue has not yet appeared. We monitor the world in every facet in case something is discovered outside of our own eyes."

"Things have arisen over the years. The problem stems from Continental breakup. Oceans rise and swallow. Much of any clue would be lost to them. Us." Serena adds. "Yes. Centuries of sedimentary overlap buries much." SeVen continues.

"I'll admit I'm totally confused by the Geography lessons. How could anything over what, 400 million years even survive?"

"Time in truth is unknown to all of us. What was lost here and now would likely deteriorate before the Ice Age." SeVen admits, "However, as the Ice in the polar region melts things are being discovered by my people."

"Which is why you folks live up there? I noticed your body temperature. Pretty chilly SeVen."

"Yes. Our race requires colder regions."

"I gotta know. Did Adolf Hitler really want to model the Master Race after you guys? I mean you don't have blond hair."

"Laughable. His rule was destined to failure. We warned him when he then sided with a break away band of our people. They offered him much in technology until we stepped in. As you can see his regime does not rule this day."

"Wonderful. Still Nazi's out there though. Anyway, I came here about Lucas Dorsey's book. I need to find it. My family is lost and I'm determined to locate them."

"As I have been informed." SeVen nods looking toward Serena, "Your clues leave much to be desired."

She smirks at him, "Just having a bit of suspenseful fun."

"Do you have the book?"

"I most certainly do." She stands up patting creases from her clothing, "You have to do the digging. My clues should give you --well--a clue."

Narrowing his eyes Obadiah recalls his gut picking up on certain words spoken. His conclusion seemed on the spot. With a nod at both of them he grunts, "Outhouse."

"A well used outhouse I'm afraid. No modern conveniences. We bring water up from the stream over the hill."

"If it gets me a look at the book I'll dig to China."

"That would take you a hundred lifetimes General." SeVen tilts his head. He had no sense of humor. It takes Serena to step up to the Alabastard and grip his chin. He then realized it was a joke. "Ah! Forgive me. A jest."

"Shovel?"

With a bit of direction Obadiah removed his jacket and rolled up his sleeves. He knew this could be a trap. If the book really existed he had no choice. What bothered him most was why this alien would allow him access to Dorsey's writings. Would he not want it for himself? For his people? A solid clue to the past after all. One transported through time. Without age destroying it.

Outside Obadiah and Serena took a walk. Up the hill behind them. Reaching a secluded outhouse surrounded by brush. A pair of Moons carved into the door as a vent. The image not going unnoticed.

"Unusual seeing two moons. Normally a crescent moon by itself."

"I guess Lucas had a sense of humor. Before you get dirty let me say this. I know it bothers you to trust us. Why would I offer you the book? I do so because I feel a sense of guilt over what my Grandfather has done. Presumably done. Dad said he wasn't so nice."

"You've looked at the book?"

"No actually. My Father says it's inside a lock box. Made of some strange metal. SeVen says it is not of this Earth. On it is a handprint. We believe it belongs to Lucas. Like a scanner for palm prints in most private facilities. This might prove pointless. For that I am sorry. But, it is worth a try is it not?"

"High tech as your boyfriend and he can't figure out how to open it? What makes you think I can?"

"I don't know. Hope I suppose."

"How do you even know it's down there?"

She drops her eyes as her dog nudges her fingers, "Let's just say my Dad saw Grampa bury it. Dad described it to me."

"Lidar not used by your Beau?"

"A form yes. It shows nothing. Yet, my Father swore on his deathbed it is there."

"I must be crazy. Let's start digging."

"Thank you for believing in me." She warmly touches his shoulder.

"Hey! If I can believe in aliens I can believe in a Fantasy. Author I mean."

She winks at him, "I knew what you meant."

She was pretty damned sexy. Too bad she was into Alien Fabio. Obadiah shook it off quickly. Digging in dried shit made him wonder if it was all worth it. Of course the Viking would hide out inside the cabin. Safe from prying eyes.

Ganthorian Hilton. God knows when.

As daylight rose Elle Franklin went about her morning rounds of their estate. Checking new crops. Finding dinosaur poop in all the wrong places. It was at those times she wished Sophia Ridge had not gone off so boldly five miles below. That girl could eat some shit. In a good way. Alone that is. Everyone else tended to look for other things to do. Mainly to avoid throwing up.

Yawning she absorbs the morning sun into her diamond limbs and sparkling eyes. Not only did it empower her in case the energy was needed unexpectedly, it really just felt great. Like taking an energy drink and feeling alive. Without the crash later.

Sensing someone behind her she turns dramatically with her diamond encrusted hand extended defensively. Living in this strange world anything might decide to show up. Even with a T-Rex guard dog prowling the area.

"Antonaeus." Elle brightens up, "Good morning."

"Salutations lovely Elle. Slumber well?"

"Out like a light." She chuckled knowing it played off of her bodies fuel.

"The same might be said of Cameron and Malcolm." 

"Oh? They get up early and go on a salvage run? We still have lots of cargo containers to open as it is."

"Nay. They left readily in the night. In ways I did not understand." He attempts to play charades by using his body as if bursting in flames, "Cameron shining like the sun." 

Another motion of his hands flying off into the sky made Elle wince to comprehend. "Cameron is a pilot. But, flying in this world seems impossible. Electrical power at least. Did he have a gravity drone?"

"I saw none. He merely began shining like a star and shot off like a flaming arrow. That direction. Followed by Malcolm in the glowing chariot without horses."

Elle looked around them and took a stroll. Followed by the Centurion. Sure enough on the other side of the cargo wall the 71 Dodge Charger was gone. Leaving a trail of spinning tires in the sand. 

"Wonder what that was about? I didn't think Cam had control over these light powers he got after being reborn."

"Methinks he now has found his way. My blade recognized his light and glowed most timely."

"That direction you say?" She steps out on to the outskirts of the Hilton Grove eying the tire tracks. She noticed something strange amid the tracks. As far as the eye could see she notes tiny sparkles along the sand. Inspired she and Gaicazar made a short journey to investigate further. Eying the ground with interest.

"Yellow brick road. Except with tiny diamonds. My kind of man." She grins crouching. Picking out diamonds and holding them in her healing palm. Showing the Centurion.

"What pray tell do you make of this?" He tilts his helmet to wipe his brow of sweat.

"That light had to have been mighty hot to have created diamonds from the sand granules. Something really urgent must have led those two away. That leaves our defenses here kind of depleted."

"Friend Malcolm bid I protect you all. Of this I shall."

"Always feel safe around you Big Guy. Regardless. Our security here pretty much leaves You, Me, and your pet."

"Brothers, and sister."

"I won't even question that comment. 'Tween Ya'll."

Respectfully she stands up with the diamond facets and notices how they seem to soften up like water droplets in her palm. Obviously not true diamonds. Yet in dissolving they coat her palm in a gloss that still reflects the sun. A gloss that fails to evaporate. Shaking her hand she realizes the coating was attached to her healing hand. Not even wiping it on her pants could remove it.

"Not very smart of me. Pretty careless actually." She grimaces then looks toward Gaicazar. As he steps closer to inspect her dilemma he narrows his eyes. Looking from her hand to the diamonds along the path then up at the sun he ponders something. A mighty hand squeezes around the hilt of his sword and draws the blade forth. It's glow brilliant he poises it over her hand. The gloss upon her palm almost dancing in the light. Bubbling forth like liquid blisters. 

"What exactly is going on here Anton?" Her eyes flare wide.

"I am uncertain. My blade is connected to God himself. It too feels connected to the gems in your possession. I suspect that friend Cameron has left behind something even he might not understand."

"Knowing Cam he just pissed diamonds. But, the trail is from his car tracks. The gloss isn't hurting me. It just won't go away. Suppose I learn to live with it until he returns to help us figure it out."

"Aye."

Behind them the ground trembles. Both soldiers leering back to see the T-Rex drawing closer with curiosity. Passing them it lowers it's head down to sniff at the trail. In the process the brand from Gaicazar's sword upon its forehead glows.

"It too senses it's Heavenly property."

"Uh-huh! Diamond highway just before the pearly gates?"

The two shrug at each other. The T-Rex rearing its head back to again sniff. This time the air. Picking up on something it turns to eye the duo below. Trying to make them understand something. Head movement back and forth followed by nasal exhales makes the two eye away from the trail. 

"Something is coming." Gaicazar predicts.

"Great. Understaffed and it's not even Noon yet."

Silence leads to dread.

Inside the Ganthorian Hilton Ruby Goddard got dressed from her much required nap. All the strange revelations of late had taken their toll on her. Between Jack leaving, the whole pregnancy situation, and now learning she might be the Mother of the unborn James Ian who's 15 year old body was here questioning his own heritage. If this was even fact. It was all a pretty fucked up scene. If she only knew it would get worse.

Boots on she stretches in her grey t-shirt. Her bosom full and perky. A mirror telling her just how perky she growls, "I really need to start wearing a bra. This freedom is great but it's hard to hide the girls. Not real Mother like of me is it?" Her eyes roll and she smirks, "Another day. Come on Ladies let's go for a walk."

Her tummy glowing with yet another rendition of M and E followed by a T and an O."

"Of course you're coming too. That's two OO's in too Sweetheart. Won't be making me proud at the Spelling Bee like that." H and A follows. Ruby amused by the fetus being so intelligent. With a deep breath she opens her door and exits.

Stepping down the hall she notes two of her rabbit entourages blocking her road. She tries to step over them but they move to prevent her. Frustrated she resists kicking them and stops cold, hands to her sides.

"What's the deal? Why don't you want me to go outside?"

A third rabbit hops up behind her. Rearing on its hind legs it plants the front paws on her calf. Glaring behind her at it she wrinkles her brow, "What are you trying to tell me?" In response the third rabbit drops back and hops away into the shadows. The sunlight from the skylights ignoring part of the aisles. She twists in step to watch it when she feels one of the two rabbits behind her pawing up her other calf. It became a connect the dots as she realizes they wanted her to follow the other lupus.

"Fine! This has to be how Alice felt."

Her journey skeptical until she reaches the Armory area. Just down the hall from where she first encountered the rabbits. A blue glow emits on the wall where the rabbits magically stepped out into her world. That was enough to make her go willingly. Her hands reaching out at the coolness of the air suddenly. Almost as if a breeze coming through. It reminded her of the sea when her sudden encounter with a hula hoop transported her to an island. If not for James Ian she might still be there.

Hesitant she looks over her shoulder at the Armory. Before going any closer to the wall she got smart. Stepping away she goes into the armory and grabs an Ion pistol. Noting a tablet and paper she quickly wrote a message to James. Just as a precaution.

"James. I followed the rabbits into the wall where we first spotted them. If I don't return I'm sorry I disappointed you. If I am your Mom that is. They seem to really want me to go there. Find me if I go missing." For some strange reason she opts to kiss the note.

Fidgeting afterwards. From there she left it and returned to the hall. Nothing had changed. The blue glow favorably shimmering. Watching a rabbit enter and vanish she looks down at the other rabbits. Both nudged her with their foreheads gently.

"I'm going. Wonderland here I come."

She enters the wall with her hand first. No pain. Only a feeling of coolness. Sensing a strange calmness she looks down at her belly, "Should I continue?" She asks her child within. The fetus replies with a W and an E. Ruby sighs, "Should WE continue?" No reply she shrugs, "Big help you are."

Stepping through the portal Ruby feels euphoric suddenly. Almost wanting to laugh at the sensations tingling all over her. Every pore of her body absorbed the vibrations in the crisp air. Once the light subsides she stands just as before on an island overlooking the sea. Within a circle of rabbits. Dozens of them.

"Okay. I'm here. Mind telling me why?" She inhales the tropical air and feels refreshed. "It is time." A male voice enters her thoughts freaking her out. She draws the Ion pistol from the back of her jeans. Looking about she doesn't see any Man.

"Who are you? Why do you want me?"

"Ruby Goddard." He replies.

"That's right. I'm Ruby Goddard. I ask again. Who are you?"

"Someone quite ancient. Fear not. I am not the enemy."

"Gun's staying out until I decide that. You own all of these rabbits?"

"I own nothing. Not even myself. The time grows near. Another shall be born. You must know the consequences."

"Consequences? Of what? Having my baby?"

"Yes. One already born can complicate all that is."

"James Ian you mean?"

"Yes. You are his Mother. You carry him within you."

"So, Jack is his Father."

"No. I am sorry to say he is not."

Saddened suddenly Ruby toughens up, "Face me or let me go home."

The rabbits surrounding her break formation. All hopping into a small clearing next to her. The rabbits congesting together literally climbing on top of each other amid a blue glare. Magically the rabbits meld together in a glob of protoplasm. As if never rabbits. Growing taller until the goo takes upon a human form.
