 In the pre-dawn hours a light streaks across the sky. Not from the sun. But, from a missile cruising like a jet across the heavens. Its trajectory imminent. The destruction inevitable. No noise to back it up. Almost as if God was spitting light on the First Day. Maybe he was.

Below on the Cruise ship Beautiful Dreamer, Madigan Ridge comforted a devolved Sabbath Black. An accidental transformation that was miscalculated by the Dark Angelic side of a divided Cameron Scott. His intentions apparently good yet those who know him best fear the worst. He had been exercising talents he was only beginning to understand himself. In his mind trying to create a better life for all of his friends and loved one. At first Sabbath approved. Her nature as a Vampire purged from her body making her human again. Her microbial shell drawn into Cameron himself to lay dormant within. Their fate uncertain.

All while Sabbath found herself joyous in her newly human body her Man toyed with the Three Amigos and their girl Lucy. Lucy feeling so alone that she hovered near Cameron for her own self security. Gravitating to his power and caring nature. As she and the Amigos associated with Cam they too were tinkered with without any of them understanding it. During the process the Amigo named Lorenzo died mysteriously. As if the floor and he had merged. Killing him instantly as he was cut in half yet glued between dimensions. All after giving chase to a rabbit. 

Lucy finding her friend grew distraught. Her emotional state confused and needy of comfort. Madigan Ridge became her temporary nursemaid. Something that lasted only so long until again Cameron got involved. It was as if nobody could turn their back on the Angel without another hazard coming along. 

In the blink of an eye a mere sharing of space between Sabbath Black and Lucy in the ballroom became a game of Whodunit like a devilish game of Clue. Somehow the two females switched places. Sabbath devolving into an early form of her own lost distant ancestry. While Lucy stepped from the darkness into the light. Evolving into a beauty Angel complete with wings of her own. The troubles were just beginning.

With a sudden burst of blinding light Madigan Ridge and Sabbath cover their eyes. Even Lucy in her light based aura had to wink and turn away.

"Is that a meteor?" Maddy huffs in safety, "It can't be. It's climbing the sky then arching down at us." Her ghostly form returning to be able to stare up at the light without waver. Her eyes now capable of piercing the veil. What she witnesses only enters her comprehension for ten seconds before a resounding clash of Man again ship. The entire Cruise Liner shuddering upon impact.

Above them they heard a loud roar. A manly roar. Madigan calming Sabbath and letting her know to stay put. Following that course of action she then points toward Lucy. 

"Do not come near Sabbath. Do you understand me?"

Lucy pouts. None of this was her own doing. Like always she felt like the outsider. Only this time her brain functions allowed her to access speech. 

"Yes. Forgive me if I have done something bad."

"Stay put. Both of you." Maddy then rises up through the floor and went in search of the battle heard. Reaching the Palace where the Angel Cameron had gone off to sulk over his unintentional evolutionary mistakes she discovers a sight she was unprepared for.

Two Cameron's wrestled in the room. It was obvious that somehow the mental bond between Sabbath and the Cameron Scott that had chosen to stay with his friends at the Ganthorian Hilton had resumed. He must have felt the dramatic change in Sabbath and sought out her pain. 

"Where is all of this light coming from Cameron?"

Cam Angel speaks first, "I don't know."

"I DO! What did you do to Sabbath?"

"Nothing planned. Stop punching me I barely feel your fist." He stammers with each constant punch to the face. This infuriating the Light based Cameron even further. Finally, growing angered the Angel spreads his wings and a dark armor of his own encases his body. Now it became a battle of Knights. 

Madigan puts her hands up, "BOTH OF YOU CEASE THIS FEUD. NOW!"

"Back off Maddy. I'm not giving up on this until he tells me how to save Sabbath." Cam Light growls.

"How can I tell you what I don't know. Look I'm sorry for tampering with my powers. I'm still learning to use them. Let alone understand how to switch them off and on. All I was trying to do was make the others better. Go look at Lucy. She's an Angel like me."

"At what cost Dickhead." Cam Light insults himself of sorts.

"GUYS! STOP PLEASE. LET'S FIX THIS TOGETHER."

The Angel throws his arms aside and gives in to his twin. Cam Light succeeding in pummeling him a bit longer before giving up. Releasing the Angel's clothing he taps the dark armor admiring it. The Angel doing the same of his armor of Light. Both smirked at their achievements. Then Cam Light broke away.

"Sabbath." In his sudden consideration he phases through the floor and seeks out his girl. 

Before the Angel could follow Maddy stops him. His dark armor subsiding in favor of a dapper look once more.

"Hold on. I know you and Sabbath are close but this tampering has put a kibosh on that. You need to let that poor girl go. Before you kill her."

"Maddy?" He pauses lowering his gaze, "Let me try and fix this. Help me. Please?"

"Take this seriously." She points threatening him.

"I will. I swear." He pauses, "Wow! My other self is pretty cool. Where did he get that light armor?"

"Or the power to fly at the speed of Light." She frowns, "Two Cameron's with amazing powers. Never thought I would see that. God help us all."

"I'm trying." He chuckles then halts to take it seriously, "I'm not God. Just a manner of speaking."

"Neither of you are. Stop playing Him."

"Gotcha."

Below deck Cameron Scott the Lightbringer strolled frantically in search of Sabbath. Calling out her name loudly. In her weakened state she merely cowered in the Ballroom shivering. Her thoughts fearful of now both Cameron's. 

Lucy hears his voice as well and has no idea there are two Cameron's. Her delight made her want to run toward him with renewed muscle enforcement. She had never known this type of strength or upright spine. Walking proved awkward at first. In her indecision to leave the room she is encountered by the surviving friends Moe and Gomez. Both having endured minor spells under the Angel's tinkering. Mainly through meditation. The hairy associates are amazed by Lucy's transformation. Only knowing her through her scent really. That much had not changed. Touching her made Lucy feel uncomfortable. To the point she lashes out and topples both to the floor with ease. Her eyes displaying fright at her maneuver. A flash of light from her hand caressing Gomez. It sent the poor man rolling and seeking refuge in his torment. Psychologically at best. Something inner the worst. He could feel a difference.

Moe was less inflicted. He merely raced away into the hallway until he saw Cameron in his light armor walking his way. Amazed by the shimmer around him Moe merely points toward the Ballroom. Cam had never seen the primitives so he stopped a second to take Moe in. Something about the creature reminded him of someone. Spooked Moe takes off the other direction. The outside world calling to him.

Cam shrugs then proceeds into the Ballroom. At first noticing Lucy with her back turned. Her wings hiding a nude backside. In her transformation she had taken on similar traits as Sabbath. In that oversight Cam raced to grab Lucy by the arm. 

"Sabbath? You're okay." He whips Lucy around and prepares to hug her when he notes the difference in appearance. Lucy saw no change. Thinking this Cameron was her Master. The man who created her in a sense. Jilted by this Cameron's response she fell to her knees cowering.

"Over here." Sabbath calls out dangerously weak. Her change becoming deeper. Her mind less than cooperative. Hearing her Cameron charges away from Lucy and kneels beside Sabbath Black. Hesitant to touch her at first. In her devolved state he presumed her to be fragile. Mental state definitely.

"Sabbath? I'm so sorry. I...the other I did this to you. Let me fix this. If I can. New light inside me fired up the second I felt you hurting. I'll give up my light for you if necessary."

He wanted to cry. She looked him in the eye with a similar emotion. Seeing her with body hair made zero difference to how he felt. Behind him Lucy understood. Even in her beauty she paled to who Sabbath was.

This would take time.

Outside the sun rose up to a brilliant blue sky. The primitive man Moe having climbed down the ship to reach the desert floor. As he looked about for a place to hide he hears the roar of an approaching beast. Presuming a big cat. His exposure to such things before being trapped in this Time Zone bred into his defenses.

From the desert raced four wheels and steel. Glowing white hot in its approach. Moe pissed all over himself. He was a nervous one. Before he can locate a spot to hide the 71 Dodge Charger carrying Malcolm Brand threw sand all over Moe in its brisk arrival. As the engine calmed so did the light coming off its exterior. Idling like a purr Malcolm stepped out and looked at the terrified Moe. His first encounter with the early man. Both stopped cold and stared at one another. Mal felt like he had seen Moe somewhere. There was no possible way he could have so he shrugged it off and turned to size up the Cruise ship.

"Daaamn! Mint condition boat." He twists his head toward Moe, "Noah around?" Moe tilts his head and shows off his teeth through a curled lip. The reference to the biblical Noah going over his head.

Hearing carnage above and noting subsided light through windows he knows where to search. Stepping away from the car and disrobing he motions for Moe to keep his distance. He closes his eyes and begins to grow. At 5 stories tall he stops maturing and begins his peeping tom efforts. Moving his body slightly to examine the interior until he finds the Ballroom. Within it he spies upon Cameron and Sabbath in her devolved form. Another woman with wings stood with a larger ape man. As his shadow drifted over the room Lucy and Gomez spotted him and cringed.

As a giant he became intimidating. Gomez chose to flee after Lucy releases his fur from her touch. Lucy herself standing firm. Her Master so she thought stood by Sabbath instead of her. A gentle jealousy arose. Her emotion changing as Madigan phases through the wall to stand near her. From the doorway stepped the Angel Cameron. Lucy darts her gaze between both versions and begins to fret. She did not know what was going on.

"Easy Lucy girl." Cam the Angel spoke stepping cautiously toward her. Dropping to her knees bowing before him she chose her Master all over again. Her worship making Cameron hide a smile from Maddy.

"You need to change Lucy back Cameron." Maddy insisted.

"I know. I know. Give me a minute." The Angel retracts his wings to appear normal. He then knelt down beside Lucy lifting her chin. After a momentary acceptance the Angel calls out mentally to his other self. Cameron of the Light reacted the same by poising Sabbath's chin to peer directly into his eyes.

"I...We hope this works." He whispers to Sabbath as his light returns. While he flares up his counterpart becomes smoky gray of flesh. As if his body was draining itself. In doing so Lucy's wings faded into herself and her stature began to return. Bones creaking yet no pain in their reverted transition. The same effect evolving Sabbath back to her human self. Both women bawled. The Scott's had claimed their pain and had reversed the process. Once Lucy returned to her apelike state she crumbled to the floor in her insecure state.

"Looking better Sabbath." Cam smiles as she looks at her hands. In his glow her body begins to step back further. Her eyes bulging as her hands begin to steam. Seeing this Cameron stands quickly and lowers his light. Sensing the regression had gone too far Cam looks up at Malcolm the colossus looking in. Arms waving to get his attention Cam yells, "Block the light Buddy. Hurry."

Malcolm uses his hands to massively shade the existing windows letting sunlight in. Blocking the rays made the room grow gloomy. Eyes returned toward Sabbath he notices her flesh chalk white yet again. Eyes blood red. Fangs bared. Hissing at the sun's toll on her flesh. In the shade she heals. Both Cameron's felt her anger rise.

Leaving Lucy alone the Angel steps over to Sabbath with a look of sadness. All of his work had been undone. Eyes lowered Cameron the Angel nods, turning to face Maddy. With a dry swallow the Angel left the room. His Light Brother feeling just as sad yet remaining.

As they awaited a bitter confrontation Lucy stood up and hobbled away following Cameron the Angel. Outside the door she could not find him. He was gone. The poor girl lost her mind.

Hearing a loud snarl from outside the Ballroom snaps a glance toward Malcolm. Letting light inside again made Sabbath scream. As a result Madigan leaped at Sabbath and used her ghostly ability to turn Sabbath intangible. The effect protecting her. Calming her. The pain eased.

"Malcolm?" Maddy calls out as Mal eyeballs her through the port hole window. Out of their sight an amazing thing was happening. From Malcolm's top spinal rune grew vines that erupted out like a giant array of serpents. Weaving all across the ship. Searching. Finding its target.

The Angel Cameron returned to his Palace room and stood out by the pool. In the sunlight his wingspan returned. He planned on taking flight and leaving the scene of his bad karma. Telling himself he would be better off alone. Before he could take to the sky the vines writhed around his legs holding him firm. Struggling against them he surmises the problem.

"You are going no where Dark One." He hears a feminine voice. As the vines congregate in mass a woman's silhouette emerges.

"Gaea." He stands respectful.

"Oh Yes! Gaea. Lillian is here with me. What you have done to her sister shall not go unpunished."

"It was an accident. But, fine, do your worst. I won't stop you." He lowers his wings and awaits his fate. 

"Sister! Stop!" A cry emerges from the room. Madigan and Sabbath had crossed through the flooring to seek out the Angel knowing the situation. Sabbath sharing a mental link with her sister.

Gaea entwines Cameron further as her anger refuses to halt. Constricting the man until they hear bones cracking within him. He remains vigil. Ignoring pain. It takes a precision laser to sever the tether of vines. Gaea screams and her image twists to face the sky. Above them hovered Cameron Light. 

"Nobody dies today. Not even sure he can Gaea." Cam glares down at her, "I think he and I have transcended that ability. Time will tell I guess. Look! Sabbath is healed. Well, somewhat. She's back to being a vampire. I guess her human side has chosen its rightful place in things. I wish I could change that but I think I...He...have tampered enough. Unless Sabbath wants us to we're staying out of this evolution game. Right my Winged Brother?"

The Angel nods as his dark armor emerges ripping the remaining vines from his legs. His wingspan rising proudly into the air. Aloft he flutters next to himself and shares a glare.

"I will not bother any of you further. If we meet again I hope it is as friends." He then peers down toward Sabbath in her ghostly form. From her sadness he looks over at a growing Malcolm. Sensing the giants power he smiles, "Sabbath?"

"Yes?" She and Maddy rise to share in their airspace.

"A solution perhaps. Act on it if you feel it's right. I'm not interfering further. I owe you at least this."

"What do you mean?"

"The shadow rune on Malcolm. Touch it. Let it conceal your flesh from the light. It can keep you safe. For now at least."

Malcolm hearing that turns his back toward the ship in a rumble of footsteps. Sabbath and Maddy draw near his right shoulder until she can reach out and caress the symbol once Maddy releases her ethereal form. For the briefest of simmering pores her touch upon the rune coats her in a blackness that cools her instantly. Her body dropping without flight. Gaea quickly catches her with a vine and lowers her to the deck.

The Angel Cam waves at her with a pout then flies off. Sabbath felt his loss. Until the good Cameron lit down beside her and depowered. His light armor absorbing into his body like a sponge.

"Sab--" He speaks before Sabbath palms his mouth.

"Don't. I know you had nothing to do with that. Even if you and he are the same person. I'm alive. If you can call it that. I'm going back to Eden with my sister. For now. Give me time to myself. Please?"

"Done. I'll be waiting when and if you want me." He fidgets, her hand caressing his cheek. 

"Will the shadow last long?" She lowers her gaze.

Malcolm shrugs, "I dunno. Maybe you can go back to Eden like Gaea got here. Through my rune. I can grow bigger so it matches your body size."

Sabbath looks to Gaea, "Where shall I live in Paradise? As a Vampire."

"Caves. Speaking of which. Madigan Ridge? The Vampires I sent seeking for the entrance to the deep underground have reported in. Aliens infest the deep. The Vampires have agreed to remain there watching. One has heard of your Ship being assaulted soon. It might be best to return and prepare for them."

Maddy nods looking to Cam and Malcolm, "I had a nice chat with someone named Judith Lamb. She works for REGION. She told me that my Husband is searching for us. He vanished in the year 2022. Let's hope he didn't lose his life." She pauses, "More importantly...I also spoke with believe it or not James Ian. His older self. I already knew of aliens in the deep Gaea. James warned me. I know it's hard to understand all of this time jumping. He was calling from the far future to warn us of the here and now. Of my Husbands Great, Great Grandfather Orin Ridge. We have to go get Ruby and the others. A rescue mission to save James and my daughter Sophia. He holds her captive as we speak."

Cam and Malcolm growl at the news. Maddy filled them in further.

Below them the primitives gathered together and were mesmerized by the car. Moe and Gomez entering the car's opened door to sit behind the wheel. Communicating in their own distinct way of screeches and hisses they hit the horn making them jump and panic. Then, the stereo began playing on its own as if to spook them away. The song was Santana's Black Magic Woman. Freaked out both Gomez and Moe abandoned the car. Drawn to it however was Lucy. In their vacancy she chose to enter inside and crouch on the drivers side. Her attention going beyond the music. Something else caught her eye. Dangling from the mirror were the dog tags of Cameron Scott. Her fingers toying with their sway she captures them and sniffs the metal. Smelling Cameron she grins and figures out how to remove them from the mirror. In her possession she hoards them to her bosom. Eying how she removed them she hesitantly pulls the chain over her head and lets them droop over her breasts. Once achieved she leaves the car. The music fading.

Above them on the ship Maddy's plan was set in motion. Malcolm grew taller until Gaea could lift Sabbath up to his shoulder once more. Palming the rune longer her hand vanishes into it. Her entire body followed. Once gone Gaea did the same. Recalling her vines into the spinal rune until she too disappeared. All of them prayed the teleportation worked.

Cam looked over the edge of the ship at his car. He spots the trio of primitive humans patting the ship. 

"What do we do with the Monkee's?" Cam sighs, "Which one is Davey Jones again?"

Maddy joins him in looking down, "Let's let them live here. It's their home now."
