 "Ruby? James?" Elle Franklin searched the Hilton for them. Room to room. Down corridors. The Lab. The basement bathing area. Beyond those she had not explored. They had been so busy the last few weeks there had been no time to discover new things. Something they really should have done long ago. In a starship the size of three football fields there was most likely tons of things good and bad hidden away.

Reaching the Armory she finally finds James . He was tinkering on the drones. What few were left in the fleet. He was listening to his IPod he figured out how to charge. Oblivious to anything around him. His dog Xander at his feet.

Fidgeting in the doorway Elle chose to hold off spooking the kid and do a bit of first hand inspecting. She had been here only once before in preparation to battle the Vampires. Humming a tune under her breath she grew nosey over some drawings on paper. Going so far as to sift through each. Her eye brow peaks at the artwork of superhero costumes. She had to grin at her own outfit. It looked pretty risqué. Her given hero name was Gemini. Intrigued she looks at others before noticing a piece of paper on a notebook. Recognizing the handwriting she reads the note. Her eyes bulging at Ruby's words. It was pretty obvious that James had overlooked it.

"Oh boy." She grits her teeth then carries the notebook over to James. Xander demanding attention from her by nuzzling her leg. She pets the dog quickly then tosses the notebook in front of James on the desk he was working on. Startling him he looks over at her before turning his music off.

"What?"

"Read the note. This could be bad."

He does and drops his jaw. Without a word he leaps from his stool and charges out into the hallway. She followed him briskly. Watching as he felt about on the wall of the ship.

"The portal was right here. It's solid right now though." His face growing pale. He mumbles his concern away from Elle yet she heard him but said nothing. His murmured word was simple enough, "Mom?" 

Regardless of his bravado Elle decided on her own course of action. Hugging James from behind. She could feel his shivering. He merely palmed the wall as if listening for a heartbeat. The alloy wall was cool and menacing. Not good.

"We'll find her. We have more pressing worries I think." She expresses with a deep inhale, "Gaicazar senses something coming. I think we should prepare. Bunker down if necessary."

"My belly hurts." He rubs it with a wince. As he does his hand glows ever so slightly. Lifting it from his stomach he watches the letters O and K light up. His opposite hand then adds fuel with I and M.

Elle is shown with a thin smile yet a creased brow. Her eyes tremor, "IM OK. At least we know something. Thank God for that."

"Yeah!" He ponders, "I'm thankful."

Up from the depths rose enough Militants to start a small battle. Hordakian soldiers sent to the surface world to obtain young James Ian Pryce. He and Colonel Ruby Goddard. As per the command of Orin Ridge. Orin Ridge the true flesh and blood version. Whom left his cloned body in his place on the Ganthorian home world alongside his cloned wife and child. An existence he deemed necessary until he could achieve his goal. Namely to see the face of God.

Quite old he knew his time was running out. There was hopes that he could replace the reign of DNA that carried forth through billions of years. The DNA that reset James Ian Pryce every 33 years unless he was killed before then. In his place would always be an heir. As if destiny knew his fate before hand. 

Puzzles followed along the way. As certain incarnations of James lived longer than age 33. Those who somehow gained longer lifespans due to some magical anomaly. These enigmas made Orin Ridge want to know the truth. He wanted to find a way to live forever. Without doing it as a clone. Yet another strange factor arose of late. Under normal circumstances each incarnation could not live alongside another version. Unless of course one was destined to perish. Then a new life would already be in progress. As one dies another is born moments later.

Now, here in Pangaea things worked differently. This was the beginning of time. As the Ganthorian scientists predicted this was why more than one version could co-exist. Because the first reflection had not occurred. A time where things followed no true path. Opportunity.

As the Hordakian brigade careened in and around large cave systems on their Technorides. Two man gravity cycles surrounded by a transparent bubble as protection from outside harm. Under ordinary circumstances all things electrical would succumb to the atmospheric disturbances of this new world. However, this band of aliens joined with the turncoat Ganthorians had planned ahead. Their ship and all technological devices were designed to overcome any unknown forces plaguing them. This was how their Ganthorian ship managed to enter the cave system without damage and difficulty. 

Bright lights used on the Technorides allowed them to navigate the caverns. It was a slow process but they managed. Having been here for months now gave them time to know their surroundings. The journey to the surface was fairly simple. The cave openings well hidden by fallen ships and mountainous sand dunes. The disguise simple. The exit dramatic.

Zipping high out into the air the train of Technorides roared out into the desert. Their bearings marked by dedicated instruments. Twelve rides in all soared across the lonely desert floor. Their target a mere 18 miles away. Weapons ready for anything. Their mission was simple. They had no doubt that they would be successful. Their allegiance to Orin Ridge would not find failure.

Vibrations humming off their rides leaving behind an unexpected result. The sands of the dune partially covering the cave entrance giving way to years of build up. From the highest point of the dune a lengthy avalanche of granules reveals what appears like a steeple. Further erosion goes deeper. Adjoining the cavern opening in the ground was a well placed Pyramid. One long buried. It's peak capturing the sun's rays for the first time in an unknown amount of years. Here where time was indecipherable. Feeling the heat of the sun the peak's golden exterior glows. Energy needed. Energy supplied.

Five miles below the Ganthorian Hilton.

Madigan Ridge in her ghostly state crept from rock formations, hugging the wall as camouflage. Her intangible state consuming the color of her life fiber suit into a blending of surroundings. She approached the second Ganthorian vessel astonished by its full power. How could that be possible? Around the ship stood a barricade of Hordakians. All wielding weapons that looked menacing. They appeared ready for anything. Getting past them might prove hazardous even in her spirit form. She had no choice. She would need to try something that spooked even her. Going under ground. Knowing full well her deceased body was long buried it gave her a bit of claustrophobia while burrowing through solid rock. Not only that she was required to calculate distance so that she would not emerge right under their boots. One mistake might get her captured.

Surfacing only up to her brow she gauges her distance. Her body disguised by shadow and silence. She was directly under the outer circumference of the ship. So close that she could touch the hull. This part was easy. Her next move even more dangerous. By rising up and charging through the hull she could end up right in the middle of dozens more Hordakians. Or worse. It would be a risk she had to take. With a flutter of eyelashes she rose from the ground and slips through the exterior shell with perfection. She had mastered her phasing through solid objects long ago.

Inside the ship she emerged within a laboratory very similar to the one on their own ship. The area that they discovered Animahni in. Large tubes with bodies held within them concerned her. She prayed she wouldn't find her daughter Sophia inside one. In the gloomy room her eyes were able to see what a normal human's might not under the conditions. On closer examination she realized quickly that the tubes contained not just bodies. Bodies of more aquatic hybrids similar to Animahni and Tyrakuus. Her empathy quickly took effect as they quietly acknowledge her presence. It shocked her. Perhaps their human side was predominant. There was a hybrid of a Stingray. What appeared to be a short female with suction tendrils on her hands and even a thin grid on her back. A Remora she decided upon. Even what appeared to be a Jellyfish. All wanted released for certain. Their emotions shining through their eyes with hope. Madigan would consider them a diversion later. For now she had to press onward. 

"Are they not lovely?" Came a feminine voice behind her in the shadows.

Madigan maintained her intangibility and turned in the air of the lab. Hovering before a Ganthorian female holding a hand held gun. Not pointing it directly but tempting the idea.

"I mean you no harm." Maddy attempts to sway, "I am merely a ghost lost."

"A ghost wearing Tulorian Worm fiber? As I have overheard the young girl mention her Mother dying and coming back to life I presume you are She?"

"Sophia is alive?"

"Oh yes. No harm has befallen her. You may join me on the floor."

"I don't think I'm ready for that. If you don't mind." Maddy utilizes her inner strength as a show of protective defiance.

Harpea smirks, "I must insist." She then fires her gun which mixes vibrations with sonic distortion. Striking Maddy in the stomach the beam mingles with her molecules. Her ghostly body fluxing in and out of reality. Sensing her losing abilities she reaches out quickly behind her and touches the tube of the hybrid Stingray. In a bold move Maddy turns the tube intangible. The liquid within bursting out around her. The hybrid toppling to the floor. The reaction was priceless. In her shock Harpea ceased fire allowing Maddy to regain control.

"What have you done? SECURITY!" Harpea barks into her wrist communicator. Seconds later two Hordakian guards emerge. The Stingray fanning his arms wide as if to protect Madigan from any further firepower. Instinct took over as Maddy twists in step and touches the tube of another. A Crab like creature with a hardened shell exterior. 

Rejoicing to be free it hopped from its chamber in time to clench large pincers around the neck of a Hordakian snapping his spine instantly.

Harpea chose to run while she could. Evading water as she opted for more guards to enter the fray. Hearing more water splash out the Ganthorian scientist hissed under her breath. With a glare of attitude she storms down the hallways with a destination in mind. Along her way she calls into her wrist communicator, "Orin? We have been infiltrated. The girl's Mother."

Outside the ship the aged Orin Ridge was escorted by another Ganthorian science Officer named, A'kin. They had made the journey to the large grotto area. Multiple grottos spanned the canyon cave system. They had been inspecting the reflective waters in preparation for the hours ahead. Hearing Harpea's warning Orin creases his brow. 

"A family reunion it is." He whispers before raising his voice, "Subdue her."

"Trying Orin. She released several experiments. They are fighting along side her. I have cordoned off the Lab. They cannot escape."

In the room the last Hordakian soldier locked in with them fell easily. As the Stingray's barbed tail pierces the soldier's chest and literally rips out organs. By now Maddy had rescued the remaining hybrids. All appearing grateful and showing intelligence. Just in case though Madigan remained intangible.

"Thank you for your help." Maddy smiled.

"Thank you for aiding us." Acknowledged a telepathic response from the Jellyfish that sloshed about on the floor. Crawling over the Hordakian it began to dissolve the pig like alien corpse. Maddy wasn't certain what to think of its decision.

"I'm here to save my daughter and another friend. Do you know where they are being held?"

Gazes are met with confusion. They were all isolated here in this room. They had never once been beyond its doors. Fortunately their intelligence levels knew friend from foe. Realizing any information through them was pointless she chose their freedom.

"If you can escape this ship there are caverns that lead to an open sea underground. You can find peace there. There are more of your kind waiting. Look for a big fellow named Oophalah. He will lead you to safety. Trust me and I will help you further."

Instead of phasing through the door Maddy chose to offer an escape plan to aid them outside. Touching the Stingray and the Hammerhead like shark she lowered their molecular forms through the floor where she rose up from. Once they were on solid ground she went after others. The Remora and the Crab next. Afraid to touch the Jellyfish she finalized the escape of a young woman with brown shiny flesh. Tiny pores breathed all around her. Maddy was uncertain of touching her in her frightened state. Not knowing her capabilities.

The Jellyfish mentally spoke out, "I will grant us safe passage. My enzymes can eat through the floor. Go! Save your daughter."

"Good luck my friends. I wish you a long life."

Hearing gunfire outside Maddy feared the worst. She hoped that her rescue mission had not failed these hybrids. Taking her leave Maddy rose up through the next floor. Her journey just beginning.

In the two hours between Elle's warning and James getting his act together they planned a battle strategy. Just in case Gaicazar was correct. He firmly admitted that he was seldom wrong. That was enough for Elle to encourage James to prepare. Even Greta Winston had ideas. Regardless of the era she grew up in she had picked up on possibilities. Running them by James he gave her the go ahead and enough life fiber material to cover several of her cattle. Using her invisibility talent to instigate the material she turned the cows invisible. Elle was impressed.

Gaicazar used the T-Rex to nudge large cargo containers into a defensive wall. One more strategic than they had been arranged in during the vampire siege. Today subterfuge was a necessity. As dinosaur foot prints were dusted away to make things appear less threatening they left the tire tracks of Cameron's Charger to look as if they had left the compound defenseless. Almost as if a ghost town. In the remaining moments Gaicazar donned his own life fiber to reproduce the armor he wore fighting in Eden. 

Elle too encased herself in her fiber suit to utilize a full body of diamond. In the sun she shimmered like a Goddess. Perhaps she was. In her form she hid away in the shadows to avoid her body warning any potential prying eyes.

James within had his drones armed and ready to send into battle. Leaving the hatch open as a baited trap. No communication via walky talky kept any knowledge of their occupancy and plan from prying ears. Crouching in the bridge of the ship with his dog Xander they awaited. All he could do was think of Ruby. Regardless of the message on his hands he worried. Should they survive today he swore he would bring Ruby home. 

Sweating it out for another forty minutes gave Greta Winston time to head out into the desert with her cows. With the life fiber adapting to her abilities the cows even were on stealth mode. Their excessive moo's quieted down. Their hoof prints ever so vague upon the ground. It was a challenge to be certain. One she hoped would keep them safe. The question was could she keep the invisible herd together. Should they stray finding them could prove difficult. This was why she chose to tie them together in pairs. At least that would make things easier.

On her horse Quiver she goaded the herd to move with whispered verses of Get Along until they maintained a safe distance. Once satisfied she stopped them and took up a watchful eye. Her horse Quiver also confined in fiber and invisible. Greta loved her newfound abilities more and more. The cows sensing something on the air she pauses. Like a formation of Geese heading south for winter she spots the Hordakians. Counting twelve she whines under her breath. Not that many but would they be a force to reckon with? Winchester rifle in hands she hid idle and ready.

Above the Technorides grew closer. Even Gaicazar motioned to Elle from his position of their oncoming arrival. Hearing their high pitch hums on the air they knew the small brigade was right over them. Hearing voices only helped. Luckily their translation collars were in use. Hordakian grunts had a harsh syllable system.

"The Ganthorian ship appears to be lifeless Field Commander Zor'Bakk." Eyes a soldier slowly patrolling the perimeter, "Are we certain they are here?"

Zor'Bakk snorts into his headset com, "The hatch is open. Enter and bring them all out. They are here. I can smell them."

Elle grit her diamond teeth at his keen insight. There was no way to mask their leftovers. Nothing was going to go perfectly. She remains concealed as four Technorides land and their riders embark. That meant eight soldiers stepped away to walk the grounds. 

Carefully examining the landscape. Two of them kneeling to examine prints in the sand. Six soldiers heading up the ramp into the ship. Elle prayed James was ready.

As another four Technorides landed Zor'Bakk himself strolled the garden. Rabbit tracks were everywhere yet no rabbit in sight. Bigger tracks from Xander during his bowel movements. Zor'Bakk himself reaches down and samples shit left over from Xander. A delight to his taste buds.

"Fresh. Within the last two hours. They are here somewhere."

Soldiers fan out as the remaining Technorides in the air do a sweep up and over the Ganthorian ship. Probing the hull with a red beam of light to assess the exteriors damage. As the ground troops armed with sonic guns prowl about sifting through discarded items from the cargo containers used to distract them, they are picked off one by one. Gaicazar quietly dragged two into the shadows. Unnoticed.

Zor'Bakk chose to stand amid the garden and bellow, "COME OUT HUMANS."

Elle decided enough was enough. Time to engage. Erupting from her hiding spot as two more soldiers approached she whips her hydraulic spear around before impaling one of them. Yanking it free in a spin within her hand the blood spattering spear strikes a second soldier through the heart. His armor was helpless against her thrust. In her diamond hide her strength was quadrupled. Stealth slipped away fast as another soldier called out his discovery. Firing his gun at Elle she utilized her gymnastic skills to evade the sonic blast. She worried that Sonics might ruin her complexion.

Hearing his Officer, Zor'Bakk pointed toward the voice and gunfire. Sending his troops in to battle. Elle rolled to avoid the barrage of sound and countered it with an assault of her light absorbing flesh. Eyes light up and force out thin laser beams. Her attack severs the arm of the Hordakian firing upon her. In his agony his gun's cry slammed into a container making a loud wrenching noise.

The flying Technorides zipped down to cascade the ground with rapid fire plasma. Like machine gun blasts the sand flew up in a trail toward her. Striking Elle the plasma had no effect. That boosted her confidence.

Reaching Elle's position Zor'Bakk eyes her body, "What manner of creature are you?"

"All woman Porky." She charges toward him spear poised and ready. His soldiers surrounding him to fire upon her again. With multiple weapons striking her she flails about. No pain but she didn't know how much she could resist.

Above her at an angle the Technorides continued their blaze of fire. Unaware that below them would be their undoing. Without warning the cargo containers erupt under their Technorides sending them off balance. Containers toppling all around the soldiers below force them to scatter. Those hovering above are greeted by a sight most unexpected.
