 Sophia Ridge lingered in her locked room listening to her single Tyrant Tear sing to her. Alone she sat Indian style in the first set of real clothing she had worn in months. She resisted disrobing to keep any suspicion of her motives from being questioned. Hoping her Tyrant Tear didn't get too hungry. She forced herself to down Orin's soup just to give the Tyrant Tear a bit of nourishment. She could use the sustenance herself. Now human again her requirements were returning. 

Meditating silently so as not to alarm any cameras that might be recording her, she planned a strategy to escape. She needed to find the Elder version of James Ian Pryce before his time and life ran out. For the first time she actually cared what happened to the punk. Knowing he had gotten them home years from now led her to owe him one. Besides, in her dream conference with him he did appear to be really cute as an older guy. She always loved the guys twice her age.

In her meditating she attempts to reach out for James. To talk to him again. In hopes that telling him her escape plan for his approval. What was she thinking? She didn't like any man telling her what to do. Unless she role played. What the hell?

In a huff she opens her eyes and stares at her toes. Maybe it was the loss of her tiny microbial colony and their altering her body chemistry that toyed with her emotions. A tear wells up in her eyes. Sniffing loudly she wipes her eyes with a wrist.

"Not this Chick. Get with it Piper." She sighs abruptly, "I'll save you James. I swear it."

Across the Ganthorian vessel James Ian at age 32's end suspended from his gravitational cross like his past life as Jesus. His own thoughts on what this meant for him. His life torn by the many years he spent with his new family here in Pangaea long before escaping. Their battles were many. Alien hordes. Monsters of all types. Vampires. Trolls. Gods who disagreed with them more than a few times. Lives lost. His own very soon. The clock was ticking in a land that time was unheard of.

As he sulks and observes the two Ganthorian Scientists monitoring his vitals he hears a door open. To his left stepped the Female Harpea. Whispering to her fellow Ganthorians about the arrival of Madigan Ridge. To be on their guard. 

James Ian flares his eyes. Maddy was here. Hope arose.

Miles above in the desert Elle Franklin forced her Technoride to shake under pressure. Trying to make up the distance that the Hordakians had on her. James Ian was left in her care and she would not let her Colonel down. Wherever Ruby was.

Desert and debris as far as the eye could see. The terrain becoming sand dunes that might just rival the Sahara. In the corner of her eye she see's something in the distance. Realizing it looked like a missile she wondered. Gaicazar told her how Cameron Scott shot off like a flare. Could this be him returning? With a bit of inspiration she slides open her bubble cockpit and holds on for dear life against the wind. Utilizing her diamond eyes she attempts something she had only thought about. In short bursts she sends out lasers like a signal flare array. Once eight bursts went off she ceases firing and seals her cockpit. 

"Let's hope he sees those."

Before she could even turn her gaze forward he was there. Flying beside her like a Guardian Angel. His gleaming rib like armor stunningly beautiful. Glowing white hot and blinding to most normal eyes. Elle Franklin's eyes were far from normal.

"Heat seekers are us. You rang Diamond Lil? Where you headed in this fancy new bike?"

He chuckles soaring as if he had flown like this his entire life.

"Damn but aren't you Hot." Elle smiles, "Glad you caught up with me. Pig like aliens just kidnapped James. I'm in pursuit. Where's Malcolm? I could use his help."

"Few miles back in my Charger. I'll order my car to change course and follow us."

"You certainly gained control over your light powers."

"I know right. All it took was for me to get control. Saving Sabbath was a must. The inner light agreed. Been in perfect control over it since. Crazy but I'm loving it."

"GPS is taking us into the sand dunes. They had a healthy head start. God I hope James is okay. For that matter Ruby. She wrote a note saying she followed the rabbits into Wonderland. Haven't seen her since she left."

"One thing at a time. Let's get the kid. Ruby would tell us he's our priority." Cam points out, "Follow me. Believe it or not I can see heat signatures off their own bikes. I can track them easily."

"On your ass Flyboy."

"Love it when you talk dirty Eleanor." He zips ahead of her but maintains enough lag for her to keep him in sight.

Below on the desert floor Malcolm Brand drove the Charger with speed that should have been impossible in a desert. It was like the tires made everything traction. Leaving diamonds in its wake. Diamonds that faded away into thin air. The radio blaring a rendition of the band America and their song, A Horse with No Name. 

Without warning the car switched directions in a blur of thrown sand. It made Malcolm hold on for dear life. The wheel moving for him. The car throwing him slightly off balance. Even with seat belts hugging his waist.

"Sweet Jesus! Don't do that to me." He stares at the dash as if a living being. For the duration he was along for the ride. His journey ending at the edge of a large sand dune. The car refusing to go any further. Unbuckling him and opening the door for his departure. He sat there a moment to comprehend what was going on. As he did Elle lowered her Technoride and motioned for him to join her. His eyes bulged at the sight. Abandoning the car he hopped on the bike and the bubble guard lowered around them. The bike then shot off over the dune.

The 71 Charger shut its door and drove back to the Ganthorian Hilton. By itself. A Horse with No Name indeed. Although Cameron had officially nicknamed the car Hendrix. 

"What's going on Elle? Where did we get this fine ass bike?" Malcolm hugged her from behind.

"Alien attackers. They took James. On their trail now. Cam's up ahead."

"Damn! Don't we ever get any down time? We just set Cam's twin straight. Turned Sabbath back into a vampire. Pissed off Gaea. And lost the sweetest Cruise Ship I ever saw. Oh, bunch of cave monkeys too. Maddy and one of them fell through a blue portal like Ruby's rabbits make. Dunno where it took them."

"Just our luck. Ruby's lost too. Went chasing after rabbits all Elmer Fudd like. Left a note for James. She hadn't come home before I left. Let's just hope she does."

He growls as she swoops the bike in fast behind Cam's flight pattern. Cam had come to a halt in the air and just hovered there. Elle reaching him held the bike in place.

"You okay Cam?" Elle calls out.

"Yeah! Just feel as if something around here is tugging at me." He shrugs it off and points down, "Cave system. Looks like Carlsbad on steroids. Dune covering most of the entrance. That big ass Merchant Ship partially in the way. Let's get moving. I'll light the way."

Soaring off Elle stayed right on his backside. Darkness overcame them as they entered the caverns. Even under Cam's headlights. It was eerie. Avoiding stalagmites and stalactites just the same. The road was tedious for certain.

Four miles behind them Greta Winston and the Centurion Antonaeus Gaicazar were flying evenly. She had mastered the balance as long as Gaicazar didn't move about. His weight alone destabilized the bike. Trying not to hurl the Roman looks over the side to see the Dodge Charger careening through the desert. Behind it a trail of diamonds.

"Look down friend Greta. The chariot."

"Looks like it's heading back to the roost. Look at all that shiny stuff. Its leaving us a trail to follow."

"Perhaps. That or friend Malcolm is returning. Should we not stop him and let him know of young James?"

"Right. Hold on to your helmet." She pivots right and heads down toward the car gliding in safely to ride along side the driver. There was no driver. Haunted by the fact both of them glare at each other. Then something dawned on Greta. Gaicazar was holding on to her breasts. Unintentionally. Once he realizes it he releases them and begs forgiveness.

"Stop the chivalry. I told ya'll to hold on to your helmet. Do the ladies look like any helmet to you?"

"Nay. I am unaccustomed to flying like the eagle."

"As if I am? Hands on my waist no higher." She really wanted higher. Admitting it would only open up a can of worms. 

The Charger does something totally unexpected as a window rolls down and a light construct of Malcolm appeared before them behind the wheel. Pointing behind him at the trail just before the image vanished. That haunted them both even more. Now ghosts were appearing. In a swift pull skyward Greta left the car behind. She would follow the ghosts lead. The trail ending at the dune. The diamond trail was slowly fading away but not before the sun conceived yet another ghostly form from the suns reflection. Like a prism it points a beam of light into the cavern. 

"Fancy that. Diamonds really are a gal's best friend."

"Unlike a dog being a man's best friend?" Gaicazar puzzled aloud.

"Rather have a diamond."

Into the cavern they went.

Five miles below the Hilton Odin Ridge entered the Ganthorian ship within the canyon cavern. The grottos below shimmering as never before. It was nearing the time for the renewal ritual. Escorted inside for his safety as the Hordakians led by G'Ort battled the released hybrids. Some of them seeking refuge in the underground tunnels leading into a subterranean sea. 

The Stingray and the Remora dove over rocks to avoid being shot. In doing so they land directly into the path of a fellow hybrid. Only one not developed along side them. Animahni stood in defense of her charge the primitive Moe. He was still paralyzed save for roving eyeballs.

Eyes meeting, the new hybrids halt and stare at the scarlet beauty. Animahni sensing their desire for life and freedom. With a hesitant hand She points toward the water. The two slither into the depths and vanish. Animahni would have much to tell Oophalah. Knowing that the battle would come looking for the creatures Animahni drug the body of Moe under an outcrop of stone. Using it to hide them both better. Unless they chose to drop down for a better search. Luckily she hears a soldier standing on the ledge above. She hears him call out in a strange language she did not know. Yet, his voice trailed away and left her safe. For now.

Within the ship Madigan Ridge carefully moved from room to room in search of her daughter or the Elder James. The ship was enormous. It would take forever. Evading the Hordakians became a struggle. They were everywhere. Scouring each deck fully. She had to literally stay between walls when approached.

Not far away Maddy's daughter Sophia heard an alarm go off. Leaping to her feet from meditating she touches the door. Her single Tyrant Tear asking her if she wanted it to eat the door. Food for thought she said but declined for the moment. Her ear to the door sufficient. She made out certain words but without a collar to translate even she was lost. As her cheek glued to the door it suddenly hissed open and she toppled forward slightly. Directly into Orin Ridge.

"Grampa." She whined as he stood firm.

"Your Mother is here. Let's find her and say hello."

"Ummm! Okay."

Gripping her by the arm he nudges her into the hallway. Forcing her along as Hordakian guards walked in front of him and behind for protection. Sophia heard her Tyrant Tear beg to eat him. She warded it off mentally telling it to wait on her signal. 

Using a headset mic Orin growls loudly, "I have Sophia. Come out and she won't be harmed." His voice carrying out over a PA system, heard in every room, every lab. Not only did Madigan hear him, so did James. This was not going as he hoped.

Maddy froze in her walled prison. Her daughter was her world. Knowing she had lost her microscopic friends due to Elder James message at the Beautiful Dreamer, Sophia would be helpless. With eyes sealed Maddy emerged into the hallway surrounded by Hordakians. Weapons primed on her. They guided her into a frontal greet and meet. Orin smiled at her.

"My Great Grandson had good taste. Hello Madigan. It's a pleasure."

"I wish I could say the same. Let my daughter go. James as well."

"Ah! You know of James. I am not that shocked. The man is resourceful. Why don't we all just sit down and have a cup of coffee?"

Maddy remained intangible until a body stepped up behind her. Reaching out with a sonic disrupter Maddy felt her body react. Turning her physical and stunning her to her knees.

"Thank you Harpea. Dampen her and lock her away until the ritual is over. I'll deal with my family then."

"Why are you doing this Grampa?" Sophia pouts trying to pull away to reach her Mom. "For the Greater Good My Dear. Take her back to her room G'Ort." Orin passes her to a soldier appointed by G'Ort. Considering her helpless only one soldier felt needed. Their mistake.

Harpea shackles Maddy and has soldiers haul her away. Limply she remains groggy from the jolt. She should have known better. Maddy would bide her time. Surely, others would come for them. Animahni and her friends at least. Hopefully releasing the new hybrids would offer even more assist. Perhaps even the Vampires would join the fray.

As Orin Ridge stands idle watching the women escorted away he hears a crisp call over his headset. An incoming soldier belts out his success at bringing in the young James Ian. Hearing of no capture of Ruby he grimaces. He knew the woman would come out of hiding eventually.

"Bring the boy to my quarters. Harpea? With me if you please."

"Yes Orin."

2020 AD.

"Princess?" General Obadiah Ridge glares at the Nordic SeVen as if he must have known about this, "You knew about her heritage didn't you?"

The albino man sat sullen, his dark eyes troubled by the news. Attention wavering between Obadiah and the fallen Serena. He finally chose to ignore Obadiah and stand, awkwardly crouching next to Serena Dorsey and attend to her. Cradling her in his arms he presses a palm over her forehead. His bodies potential to control his core temperature creating the perfect cold compress. In minutes she revives and stares up at SeVen with a trembling gaze.

"Are you well Serena?" SeVen attempts concern. His alien upbringing maintaining a cold yet withdrawn presence. A natural trait of his people.

"I think so. What happened to me?"

Obadiah snaps his fingers to gain her attention, "Since when are you a Princess?"

Carefully sitting up in SeVen's arms she eyes Obadiah with a lack of understanding, "So I did hear that box talking to me."

"The box is a living computer it would appear. How it could survive billions of years remains a mystery." SeVen admits.

"Unknown metal Serena mentioned. Something that you told her. How could you know that SeVen?" Obadiah narrows his eyes.

"I am afraid that I have not been totally honest with you Serena." SeVen lowers his eyes, "The time was not right. My race was forbidden to speak fully until you yourself discovered your true lineage."

"My true lineage? What?" She begins shaking. The chill of his body becoming too much. In his nervous state his temperature had lowered even more. A bit of frost residue appeared upon his flesh.

"Forgive me Serena. While I have watched over you these long years it was for your protection. I am sworn to keep you safe. You were meant to discover all things on your own."

"All things? How could I possibly be any Princess?"

"The answers lie within your Grandfather's safe. Your DNA will allow you access." 

"SeVen? If I really am a Princess I only have one thing to say to you."

"I await."

"If you ever lie to me again I'll have your head. Both of them. And, trust me I love both."

"Now that you know you are Royalty I am allowed to offer insight."

"Start talking Viking." Obadiah grunts.

"I am no Viking. However I will answer what I know."

Serena climbs to her knees and twists to overlook her table holding the metallic box, "This box contains the book Lucas hid away. Correct?"

"Correct. His diary of sorts. He and your Grandmother's."

"So wait. Does that mean my real Grandmother Avis was Royalty?"

"Lucas Dorsey married Avis Noonan in your era of the 1960's. Your Father was adopted. He did not know this. His wife, your Mother Lois could not have children. You too were adopted. Placed in their care by intervention. To keep you in the family."

"So who's her real Mother?" Obadiah questions.

"Princess Kym'Ani of Ganthor. Dorsey held her prisoner and forced her to give him a child. Children."

"Children? I have brothers and sisters?"

"Yes Serena. Many."

"Wait. If her Mom is Ganthorian that means she has lizard genes."

"Yes General. We have watched over her since birth. Our race sworn to safeguard her. Since the dawn of time. My ancestors cared for Kym'Ani. We share an allegiance to Ganthor. However, due to her mixed genealogy Serena can never officially ascend to a throne. Only a Male can."

"So what's the benefits of my being a Princess then?" She shudders.

"Many. In time you shall know."

"Out there question SeVen." Obadiah rubs the back of his neck, "It's a known fact that lizards don't do well in cold weather. How could you and she have a relationship?"

"Here genes are evolved. They can withstand climate change. Lucas Dorsey's body chemistry had been altered. He is what you humans consider a God. A man made God. That is as much as the Elders of my race know. The truth perhaps lay in the book within this box."

"Time to open the safe Princess." Obadiah motions toward the box.

Fingers trembling Serena hovers a hand over the embedded palm print, "Please don't let me pass out again." Her hand lowers and presses upon it. Again a voice repeats, "Welcome Princess. How may I be of service?"

"Open the box please." She chokes up.

"Password required Princess."

"What?" She looks up at both men bewildered.

Obadiah considers her options. After a long silence he looks up, "Try Two Moons."

Serena nods lightly, "Two Moons."

"Access granted." The voice offers as Obadiah looks smug. Even SeVen who had returned to the couch was impressed. Serena delighted as the box hisses and a glowing seam surrounds the case. Finally it allows her to lift the lid away. Within the box was a well wrapped book and something more. Cautiously Serena swallows and removes the bound cloth and unwraps it.

"Interesting." SeVen notes, "The contents are shrouded in Tulorian Life Fiber. That which adapts and evolves to its bearers gifts."

"Open it." Obadiah nudges, caring more about the book.

Nervous fingers peel the cloth away until the book comes into view. Gently picking it up Serena realizes its age. The cover seemed strange.

"The cover is made of human flesh." SeVen points out after a closer scrutiny, "Analysis can decipher its origin."

"In time SeVen." Obadiah takes control of the situation, "Open the book. Lets read it."

"Okay." Serena gently lifts the cover and eyes the pages, "It's in a language I don't know. SeVen?"

The Nordic looks over her shoulder, "I too am unfamiliar."

Obadiah stands up and moves over Serena's opposite shoulder to share in the view, "Almost Binary code but not." She rifles the pages. All were in the same language.

"We must consult someone who knows much." SeVen acknowledges.

"Your Elders?"

"No General. An Elder all the same. We must journey to Japan. There we will find him."

"Him? Who?"

"Milo Grayson. An immortal of sorts. You will understand upon meeting him."

While Obadiah absorbs the new link Serena opens another clothed artifact. As the wrap gives way Serena shrieks and drops the discovery on the floor.
