 As the caverns grew brighter from not only glowing walls and a ceiling filtering in stimulating light Cameron Scott slowed his flight plan. Deciding to drop to the cave floor he dims his rib like armor that entwines his human body. His friends Elle and Malcolm behind him on the alien Technoride hovers with the headlights turned off. Careful sitting the bike down on an awkward flooring the three shut down and examine the situation.

"Huge cavern ahead. Gotta be the place." Cam points as the three of them congregate near the sheer cliff bordering the canyon chasm.

"Long way down." Mal leers over the side holding on to a damp stalactite.

"So don't fall off." Cam also peers over the side, "My eyes playing tricks or is that a Ganthorian ship?"

"Told you. Sophia swam down here. She has to be in there. How they caught her is anybody's guess though. Poor girl must be mortified. James got hauled here for some reason." Elle points.

"More to our kid than any of us know about I'm thinking." Mal responds.

Cam chuckles, "Gotta be. Why would they want an annoying brat like him otherwise?"

"He's our annoying lil brat Guys." Elle sighs.

The trio agreed on that as one. Three Musketeers of a sort. The question now remained. Do they charge in or bide their time and learn. Their military training spoke surveil and prevail. With eyes toward the sky they would be easy targets for the Hordakians below. All three of them spotted dozens of them on all four sides of the ship. Undoubtedly more within. Elle brings up a logical question.

"What's to gain here by these Pigs siding with Ganthorians? Are they maybe holding them hostage?"

"Huuuuumans!" Came a low eerie voice from a dark area next to them. It startled all three of them. Eyes revealed to them in an array of blinking without menace.

"Vampire." Elle holds a hand over both men's abdomen to avoid their defensive reaction, "Let's not start fighting here. We're only here to save our friends."

"Alliessss!" It hisses, "Human male with aliens. Old."

Mal is taken back by the idea of three species working together, "Old man?"

"Yesss. Soldiers fight off many fish men."

Cam narrows his eyes, "Oophalah?"

"Maybe." None of them were around the Hilton when Oophalah and Tyrakuus arrived. Without that knowledge they could only provide guesses.

"What else have you seen?" Elle steps closer to the Vampire in hiding.

"The female ghost."

Malcolm perks up, "Maddy? She and that monkey vanished at the Cruise liner. Fell into a glowing blue hole like the rabbits make. Teleportation looks like."

"Yesssssss!" The vampire continues, "Aliensss testing water from grotto."

Elle looks over the edge to see the giant pools surrounding the Ganthorian ship, "Wonder why?"

"Around you." The Vampire points a barely visible hand toward the ceiling of the cavern. "How did we miss that?" Cam looks around as Malcolm steps next to him in awe.

"Webs?"

"Stick figures Buddy."

"Right. I see it now. Like they're helping each other climb to the top. High up as I can see." Mal offers an amazed expression.

"Must be a clue Freddie." Elle murmurs.

"Gotta be Velma." Mal nods recognizing her Scooby Doo referral.

The vampire again points out a location to them careful to avoid the illumination of the cavern. Elle follows his direction squinting to see so far away. Noting guards prowling around the edge of a large pool of water. Not associated with the grottos landlocked nature.

"Must be where the underground sea bubbles up. Probably where Sophia surfaced. Wait." Elle tries to focus, "Is that Animahni?"

All leer for a better look. Cam smiling, "I have an idea."

"Let's hear it." Mal took interest.

"When the time is right. Havoc!" He winks. Cam felt his inner brilliance.

The vampire retreats into the shadows, "Inform Gaea I will."

Elle nods and felt uneasy about how close the Hordakians were to finding Animahni. Malcolm worried about Madigan. How could they capture a ghost? If indeed she was a captive. In his mind he knew if Sophia was hostage they must be smart enough to tackle Maddy. The Vamp said nothing of Sophia. Of course they might not have arrived in time to witness her torture at losing her tiny friends. Mal felt like they were going in blind. Like so many others. A vibration noted Cameron turns to look back at the way they had come. He knew someone else was on the way.

Behind them in the cave system flew Greta Winston and the Roman. Both feeling way out of their comfort zones using alien tech. It was a miracle they had gotten this far. Luckily the Technoride was pretty much on autopilot. Greta flipping switches managed that without her even knowing.

Closing in on the canyon Gaicazar points out the unique glowing of the ceiling in the distance. Both of them were coming in hot. Stealth hardly an option. Until the last possible moment when their engine stalled and they hovered lifeless in the cave. Greta whined over her shoulder realizing the drop to the cave floor was enough to kill her. If not the Immortal behind her. Stressed they notice the controls glowing. Their Technoride slowly lowering to the cave floor. Once touching down they look up to see Cameron Scott grinning from ear to ear. 

"A pleasant sight indeed." Gaicazar whispers to Greta.

"Quit complimenting me." She wiggles out of discomfort. He however had overlooked her comment as the bubble shield covering them popped open to let them get off the bike safely. Joining Cam he leads them to Elle and Malcolm. And, another Cameron. The real Cameron. Greta looks at Antonaeus.

"Another ghost?"

"Light construct." Cam calms them motioning them over, "Sorry. I'm learning to be in two places at once. Heard you coming and we needed to stop you before you alerted the Piggy's down below."

"You control the Charger, now you control an alien crotch rocket?" Mal winces.

"Not hard. I just kind of tell the light in me what to do. It follows my lead."

Elle joins them from her perch on the edge of the canyon, "Interesting idea. If you can control a car and a bike, why not a Ganthorian starship?"

"Ooooo! Master of Light likey." Cam rubs his chin grinning, "I'll keep that in mind."

"How about an army of light constructs?" Mal suggests.

"Dude! Quit stealing my thunder. That was my brilliant idea. I can't take you anywhere."

"Enough chuckles. We have our jobs cut out for us." Elle takes the leadership role.

"We could just take over that ship with Cam's army. I can get down there and grow big. That Bay of Pigs down there would run for cover. Elle can get inside with Greta and find James, Maddy, and Sophia." Mal rambles.

"Slow down." Elle holds a hand up, "Sounds great but let's wait and watch. If we move too fast their lives might be at stake."

"Need I point out that Maddy is dead already and Sophia died once and came back? Nobody stays dead these days."

"Without Ruby here to decide I'm not putting James in harms way. I say wait until the time is right. Whoever this old guy is..." Elle is cut off.

"Hold up. Old guy." Malcolm recalls something, "Maddy mentioned her husbands Grampa. Orin Ridge. Gotta be him right. She had a conversation with someone from REGION telling her about the General trying to find us. Memory is bad but I think that's what she said. Can't recall the woman's name."

"Right. So much going on we forgot to tell the others everything." Cam intervenes, "Maddy also talked to James. Get this...an older version of James from when he got us home to the future."

"You guys don't know the meaning of prioritize do you?" Elle shakes her head.

"He's inside that ship." Cam realizes. 

"Who? James? We kind of knew that." Elle frowns.

"No. I mean both James. Young and old."

"What?" Elle drops her jaw, "How?"

Shrugs all around. Time was a confusing beast.

Greta senses the vampires around them. Her heartbeat racing from all of the unknown factors about her. To top it all off she had the blood of a Hordakian all over her life fiber suit. Surely that must be attracting the vampires. Hugging Gaicazar from the side she felt more at ease. At her height the hug on this enormous fellow was awkward. Her hand caressing his waist led to a mistaken grip over an erection. Eyes bulging she quickly removes it. Her only thought, "How can he have an erection in a time like this?"

Within the Ganthorian ship Sophia cautiously took each step very lightly. Knowing a guard could be right behind her or ahead. Camera feeds everywhere. This would be a true test of her resourcefulness. She opted to communicate with her Tyrant Tear for directions to more of his kind. Held in a lab somewhere. Finding it as well as James and her Mother would be pure luck. Armed with a sonic gun and her sole Tyrant Tear as weapons she knew fear. Then came something unexpected.

"You're getting warmer."

Her heart jumps, "James? I thought you couldn't communicate with me outside of dreams?" She spoke in thought.

"My younger self is here. I sensed him when he arrived. Somehow between the two of us my level of brain power has amplified. You do know I'm a telepath right? Even though that link was only with Xander. Which is why I couldn't talk with you outside of dreamtime. This amplification is just as much of a shock to me as it is you. I'll guide you to me and warn you of obstacles. Once you reach me I'll contact Maddy the same way. Oh, and my younger self. That could be weird."

"You're weird Dork. Even at 32 years old." She keeps his cuteness to herself. So she thinks.

"Aww! You think I'm cute. I always thought you were smoking hot before your accident. Of course after the accident I lost the zest. Dangerous."

"Shut up and guide me already. We need to all get together if we hope to get out of this situation."

"Gotta go. Scientists are wondering why my dick is getting aroused."

She snorts faintly wrinkling her nose at his predicament, "Way to go Punk."

"Go left." His thoughts project before going silent. In turn Sophia pauses at a corner to peer around it like a spy. Jane Bond was in the house. Bond girl at the very least. 

Hearing grunts she freezes. Hordakian soldiers were sniffing the air. Their acute senses picking up on her human pheromones. Two of them challenging their nostrils to pick up on her location. Growling under her breath she chooses to take action first. Whipping around the corner she discharges her weapon. The vibrations echoing in the hall. Both soldiers dropped stunned and fell silent. Touching both on the face she allowed her sole Tyrant Tear to feed. They would not wake up. Their snouts dissolved until no breathing ports were available.

"Shoot! No way did they not hear that." She darts past the fallen and spots a camera feed. Blowing it a kiss she moves onward, "Hey! If older James can hear me I wonder if younger James can?" After a quick search for more guards she pauses, "James? Age 15. Can you hear me? It's Sophia."

Held prisoner alone in an empty room to avoid his talent for tech young James Ian freezes at hearing Sophia. His eyes close, "Whoa! When are you a telepath?"

"I'm not Dummy. You are. I called out hoping you heard. You did. There's a reason. Your older self is here too. When you arrived his brain opened up areas he, you never used before. He wants to contact you but feels weird talking to himself. I decided to break the ice. He's somewhere in a Lab with Ganthorian scientists watching over him. Where are you?"

"Ummm! The layout of this ship is slightly different than ours. I think it's near the Labs though. I heard water and breathing equipment. Like the tubes Animahni was found in. Your Mom is here too."

"I know. I was there when they captured her. They used me as bait. James? They took my friends away. I only have one cell left. He's vicious hungry being alone. Cooperating but he wants fed more and more."

"Ouch! Sorry to hear that. Go find Maddy first. She would be more useful in our escape." He fidgets, "Sophia? What's he like? My older me."

"Hot as hell. Unlike you." She giggles faintly.

"Gee thanks. At least I know I have a chance."

"Not this lifetime. Now hush while my lifetime is still around to kick ass."

"Good luck Sophia."

"You too Squirt."

"I'll show you Squirt someday." He perversely grins at his comment. No reply left him to pout. Alone again.

An alarm sounds making both kids jump in their divided positions. Hearing it Sophia knew her time was limited. She should have forced a soldier to tell her where everyone was.

"Okay. I'm back. Took a bit to go limp. Scientists gave up their curiosity." Elder James sighs, "If you run you can reach the room they're holding me in. There are two scientists with me. Both are pretty much helpless. You can barge in and use them to seal my lab door. Give us time to break me free of all the stasis and tubes feeding me."

"On it. Running now. Say when to stop." She bolts fearlessly ahead. Voices escalating behind her. Closing in fast. She just prayed nothing else would get in her way. Of course it did. In a ship this size holding an army of Hordakians it was amazing she got as far as she did. Sprinting around a corner she confronts four more soldiers. All aiming directly at her. 

"Stop!" Elder James tells her. She frowns to herself as if she had a choice. Her gun lowers and she gives up instantly. James chuckles, "I got this."

"I'm glad you do. I'm toast here otherwise." She whines under her breath. 

Beside the four soldiers a door hisses open. With a ferocious speed out came the Jellyfish hybrid. Slushing along and engulfing a soldier. Dissolving within its clutches the others change enemies. Discharging their guns at it with little outcome. It's gelatinous form shrugs off their energy guns. Noting her good fortune she shoots the other three in their fumbling about. Sophia had to laugh and clench a triumphant fist. In doing so her sole Tyrant began singing. Loudly.

"Whoa! Slow down Pierre. My brain can only take so much symphony. What? That crawling " glob has Tyrant Tears inside him? She? It? Awesome." She edges around its feeding frenzy pointing down the hall, "I'm going this way. Thanks for the assist. Tell my friends I said thank you." In seconds her race against time continued. Minutes later she hears a deafening, "STOP!"

"Am I here?" 

"Yes. Be careful coming in. The Scientists know you're coming. They're not armed but that doesn't mean they will be friendly."

"Neither am I. Wait. I'm cutesy. What am I talking about." She barges in through the door gun ready as the room falls silent. The two Scientists merely look at her then continue their testing as if she wasn't even there, "Uhhh! No need to put your hands up. I'll just whisper so I don't bother you."

The room was huge and she decided to try barricading the door. Realizing the door opened side to side she groans, "What am I doing?" Nudging a table in front of the door was pointless. 

"Cute but an airhead." James chuckles.

"Be nice or I'll let Grampa keep you." She gives up and moves around a corner to finally find James. There he was in all of his glory suspended in mid air as if crucified on a cross. He looked weak with all the tubes in his body. Sophia winced at the painful look on his face.

"Please don't say Poor Baby." He sighs.

"Fuck that. I was looking at that cock of yours. Damn it boy. You grew up fine as heck."

"No time Sophia. Get me down."

She marches directly at him and begins yanking out tubes. In doing so the Scientists grew agitated. Stepping near her until she looks at them snarling, "Try and stop me. I dare you."

Easing away they look at each other without actions taken. Uncertain what to make of her. As they stared the door hissed open again and the table flew aside. Sophia stopped to point her gun at the direction of the noise.

"Relax. It's just Jello Shot. He's here to help keep others out. Keep pulling on things."

She grins evilly and grabs his dangling cock then giggles, "Oops! Wrong tube."

"BE CAREFUL! Use the other hand. I'm kind of fond of my manhood."

She looks at her palm realizing she used the one containing her Tyrant Tear. Luckily he didn't bite, "Sowwy!" She pouts as his dick goes full erection, "Somebody is glad to be rescued."

"One track mind. The stasis controls are right over there. By the Scientists."

"Why aren't they trying to stop me?"

"They're not fighters. They just live to study things."

"Awesome." She eases around the Ganthorians and finds a control console looking it over.

"Green button." James tells her. Pushing it the stasis field ceases loft and he drops to the floor like a sack of potatoes. His body had lost much of its motor functions in his suspension.

As the Jellyfish hybrid molds his entire body over the only door Sophia could see Hordakians through his body. Weapons firing at him but not through him. She was thankful he was on her side. Wasting no time she rushes over to James and kneels beside him. Gun on the floor to free her hand up. He was too weak to stand.

"How do we get out of here?"

"We wait until help arrives."

"Really?"

"Yep. Wanna play Twister?"

"Twister? Is your big brain shorting out?"

"Nope. My life's almost over Sophia. I can feel it draining. I just wanted to die with a friend close to me."

Her eyes shiver at his words. Whimpering she lifts his chin, "I don't want you to die."

"No choice Sophia. I have barely over an hour left. Orin will come for me. Jello Shot won't hold them off long. Hopefully his family comes back to help him. And, you."

"Stop thinking negatively. This is Pangaea. Look at all that's happened to each of us. We all had powers. You can beat this."

"No." He lays his head on her shoulder. She comforts him and feels his shallow breath on her chest. 

"If you're going to give up so am I. Let's go out in style."

"Firefight?"

"Nope."

The Scientists observe the unthinkable. Sophia was brutal. James was losing his battle. Jello Shot held his own. In another room watching a camera feed Harpea lowered her eyes out of failure. She should inform Orin. She resists. 

"Why would she do such a thing?"

Hi-Brasil, another dimension entirely.

"What do you mean you were wrong?" Ruby Goddard did her best to stay on her feet and hold up Merwyn. A time quake had began unraveling their reality. Rabbits were running about aimlessly. Fearing for their lives. Those that were not a part of Merwyn's embodiment. All like cells of his own body. Acting on their own.

"Forgive me Miss Goddard. I am quite old. Feeble of mind. I do not believe I deduced the correct Father."

"It's not Jason Brady?"

"No he is not the Father."

"Then, who is if it's not Jason or Jack?"

"Dare I say it?" He holds her as they battle against the vibrations all around them. It was getting worse.

"FUCKING TELL ME!" She loses her patience.

As quickly as she yelled the world calmed down. Almost as if respecting her. In the sudden silence she looks around her. Out over the Ocean. Something catching her eye. A sailboat. Out on the water which was pristine and without waves. For a minute she thought she was dreaming.

"Jack?"

"Oh no! Certainly not Jack." Merwyn rambled stroking his beard.

"No. I think I see Jack on that sailboat."

Another tremor throws her off balance. In the blink of an eye the boat was gone. As quick as the quaking struck it again faded. Saddened that the boat was gone she grumbled, "Who is the Father?"

"God himself."

She peaks an eye brow, "Really? You're a big help."

"Believe what you will. I am correct this time. Time! Time for you to go home before you get trapped here with me."

"God forbid." She snaps.

"Indeed. You have a long life to lead Miss Goddard. Adore the child. He will be your guide."

The rabbits circle her without warning. This time she see's Merwyn's body collapse into more rabbits. Hundreds now support her portal. Blue light emerging beneath her feet. In a flash she was gone.
