 "OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!! FUCK ME JAMES. TEAR MY PUSSY UP." 

"I'm trying. Stop making me deaf." Elder James Ian Pryce, age almost 33 in an hour plus wheezes as Sophia Ridge rides his beast. He knew his life was almost over. At least Orin Ridge couldn't sacrifice him in the Tempora Grotto. His biggest worry now was how Orin would abuse his younger self a few rooms away.

"I never knew you had it in you Punk." Sophia slaps his chest leaning over him as her hips gyrate. It had been a long time since Sophia had sex last. Long before their crash in Pangaea. It was time to save the world and come out on top.

"Me neither. Please don't stop. Take me out of this world seeing those titties bounce."

"Damn straight, Sweet talker." She grins at him as his arms rise up to pull her over him. To her shock he dragged her into an embrace and kissed her. Not in her plan but okay. She melted into him and enjoyed his lips more than she could have imagined. All was Heaven until she accidently caressed his cheek with her palm. Wrong palm. The solo Tyrant Tear didn't hurt him intentionally. It did sting and leave a burning sensation.

"OWWWWWWWWW!"

Gritting her teeth she presses her forehead against his. Eyes staring deeply. Her heart was racing under the conditions. Their lives were in jeopardy yet she knew Orin Ridge couldn't use him anymore. In her mind killing two birds with one stone. Who cares if it was her Great Grandfather she was pissing off. She knew he was bad news. Treating her Mom badly topped it all off in her mind.

Speaking of minds...

Rooms away Orin Ridge stood in shock as young James Ian who had eavesdropped in on his older self and Sophia's random sexual encounter. Their telepathic bond growing he heard every single moan. In a strange way he could even feel their activity. While not having sex himself. At least his 15 year old version. After being discovered jerking off James tried to hide himself and his actions. Although it was a certainty that he wanted to do it a second time. The situation would not warrant it.

"Put that thing away. NOW! I thought I told you to restrain him like his Older self. Morons!" Orin bellowed, his face beet red by the activity unfolding. In a rage Orin turns to the Hordakian Commander G'Ort, "Lock this room down while I deal with the Elder and my Granddaughter. I have had enough. This loss will not ruin my future." 

G'Ort orders three soldiers inside the room to surround the boy. James could only swallow and wish he could wash his hands. For now he had to live with it. He thought about making a three little pigs reference but knew that might be pushing his luck. Instead he chose to close his eyes and explore this newfound telepathic ability. 

Barging out Orin Ridge tapped his headset, "Zor'Bakk! Have you found the pregnant Colonel yet? REPORT!" Tedious seconds elapse before the old man narrows his eyes. Looking back at James he found it curious how calm the boy was under the circumstances. Turning he returns to the boy, "You're communicating with someone aren't you?"

James with his eyes still sealed merely shakes his head no. It was obvious he was listening but his expression didn't focus on sending out his own words. Orin Ridge had spent a lifetime learning to be a human lie detector. As a part of Majestic 12 long before REGION he fine tuned many such talents. Some of which his current age kept at bay. Finally, after no further report from Zor'Bakk on the surface he steps from the room to find Harpea had returned.

"Orin? Time is precious. The hybrids have escaped us into the waters leading below. The grottos have gone untouched outside of Science Officer T'Ule testing the grottos for vibrational activity."

"Make certain he does not look into the grotto. Only my reflection must be seen. Is that clear?"

"As clear as the other thousand times you dictated that command. T'Ule wears a visor and protective uniform so as not to contaminate. The same goes for the Hordakians. They keep their distance."

"Good. Where the hell is Zor'Bakk? With the Anomaly no longer sacred that only leaves the boy. If that Colonel is carrying this boy as a baby I want to cut it out of her as a failsafe." He winces as he peers toward the blocked room sheathed by the Jellyfish hybrid known as Jello Shot. Shaking his head he growls, "What you Ganthorians see in these gene splicing tests I'll never know."

"If not for our testing you yourself would not exist on our Home world."

"Yes. But, I'm pure on your Home world. Not mixed with ten different species. What were you thinking mixing in Tyrant Tears on that Blob there?"

"Tyrant Tears are a rarity in life Orin. They are not just carnivorous in nature they are quite intelligent. Whereas Earth's Jellyfish is mindless and only exists. Introducing brain patterns of a human has conceived..."

"An abomination. Cut to the chase. Use Sonics on that creature and be done with it."

"To do so risks killing all those in the room. My Scientists do not deserve that type of fate. Nor your Granddaughter. Surely, you must want her safe."

"She destroyed my virgin Anomaly. What my Grandson created can be recreated once I go through the Tempora and see God's reflection alongside my own. What the future holds then will be up to me."

"Godhood. Admit it Orin. You seek Godhood. We do not even know this will work. My people only wish to understand the God genome. If anything all you might achieve is immortality. At your current age is it worth it?"

"Enough Harpea. You swore your loyalty to me. You broke your own civilizations code just to be here. This is almost over. Do not turn on me now."

"Of course not." She stares with dedication.

"Now! Sonic that bastard."

Before a Hordakian could prime his Sonic blaster a loud cry was heard. Something that echoed through the hull of the ship. Almost as if a Sonic cry of its own. Rather fishlike in tone and pitch.

"What was that?" Orin stirs as his headset erupts with a Hordakian report.

"A beast emerged from the waters. It is huge. An Earth Whale."

"So kill it."

"We are firing upon it Orin. Our guns fail to harm it. It is like its body rejects it. One more thing Orin. It just threw the body of Zor'Bakk against the ships exterior. Quite dead Sir."

"Oh for cripes sake. Break out some heavy artillery if you need too. Nothing must prevent this. I only get one shot at this."

"Not true Orin. We can always return again and keep repeating this until you get it right." Harpea corrects him.

"At my age? We get it right the first fucking time. Now kill that hybrid."

"It is not one of ours. It must have been from the X'Hal up above us."

"See me caring? I said kill it Dammit."

"As you wish." G'Ort chimes in, "Unload the Tachyon Destroyer."

Outside, the Hordakian forces were engaged in a bit of hand to hand combat with Oophalah. The hybrid Killer Whale stood his ground and merely brushed warriors aside. One unfortunate soldier got entirely too close and the humanoid Orca devoured him and spit his legs toward his fellow combatants. That created a stir.

Dozens of Hordakians poured down the ramp from the bowels of the Ganthorian craft. Finally a large soldier carried down the big gun, the Tachyon Destroyer. It looked menacing indeed. Like a cannon with teeth in the middle resembling the mouth of a lamprey. As it charged up Oophalah crept from the waters edge and stalked toward the garrison. He was foreboding and fearless. Behind him followed Tyrakuus and to everyone's surprise the more recent additions to the hybrid elite. The Stingray and the Remora returned to back him up. Troops divided by their assault. Barbed stinger impaling a soldier. The Remora leaping up on another's back and attached herself to his flesh. Chunks of his hide were ripped out in her feeding frenzy.

High above the battle Elle Franklin, Cameron Scott, Malcolm Brand, Greta Winston, and the Roman Centurion Antonaeous Gaicazar watched. Any form of strategy shot to hell by Oophalah's sudden surge toward the ship. 

"There goes the neighborhood." Cam huffed his cheeks, "Might as well join the party right?"

Elle wasn't so convinced, "We don't know what condition James is in. We need to sneak in somehow."

"Get me down there and I'll slip inside the ship." Greta volunteers.

"Maybe we all can." Elle looks at Cam, "Doesn't refracted light create a form of invisibility?"

"Ummm! Newbie here, Miss Elle. You're asking me to do something I can't even comprehend."

"You can create light projections of yourself but you can't turn us transparent?"

"Oh, as if you know how to do that." Cam defends himself.

"Guys enough." Mal intervenes, "Come on Greta. I'll get you down there. Hop on the bike."

Following Malcolm she crawls on behind him and against Elle's judgment the two gravitate into the air and storm out over the chasm. Mal easily mastered the Technorides controls and did a flyby letting the Hordakians know more trouble was coming. After another swift head turner Mal crashes the bike on the rocks in a skid. Greta already invisible hops off the bike as the bubble guard lifts up under Malcolm's growing. She bolted away to avoid his size escalation. Reaching twenty feet tall he stormed into battle tossing Hordakians about like flees off of a shaking dog.

"Where's James Ian? Where's Maddy?" Mal roars as soldiers attempt to surround him. In his height he was certainly intimidating. Especially now that his clothing had ripped away in shreds. Now he stood naked and body hardening like rock. 

The soldier with the Tachyon Destroyer decided to turn his aim toward Malcolm instead. Charged fully he pulls the trigger and sends a shattering beam of light toward Mal. Then another toward Oophalah. His job was meant to focus on one but he challenged himself to subdue two. By doing so that might give his brothers in arms a better chance at close range combat. However, the beam merely nudged Malcolm back toward the grotto. 

Oophalah and the hybrids made the push toward the ship. So far this was going well. Amid the chaos Greta Winston snuck past the guards and up into the ship. Following voices she made her way toward the screaming. Orin Ridge was losing his temper. As Sonics were applied on the Jellyfish obstructing the lab door Greta watched an awful sight. The creature was slipping away into a puddle of goo right before their eyes. She felt like hurling.

"Greta."

The Cowgirl halts in step and looks around, "James? That you?"

"Yeah. I'm telepathic now. So freaking cool." Young James Ian was full of life.

"Telegraphic?"

"Yea, Something like that. Go help Maddy. She's five doors down on the left. Release her and we might get an edge on this. Don't get caught."

"On it. Glad you're okay Smarty-pants."

"Oh you have no idea." He chuckles in her mind.

Evading Hordakians by stepping around them like a football player making his way down field through a gauntlet, Greta discovered the door to Maddy's cell. However two guards were standing watch over it. This presented a problem. How was she going to gain access? She fidgets then notices just how close the two guards stood to each other. Risky as it was she tiptoed in behind them. Grabbing one guards ass led to said guard glaring at his partner. As soon as the guard shrugged it off she repeated the maneuver. Finally, a brawl broke out between the two as the unsuspecting associate got pummeled for something he didn't even do. In their wrestling match Greta entered the room and carefully shut the door.

Madigan Ridge looked weak. Hunched over in what appeared as if some stock from the middle ages. Her head and hands were locked into the device that kept her from altering her body's density. Greta shuffled over to Maddy and whispers, "Ya'll okay Sugar?"

"Is that you Greta?"

"Yep. Calvary's here. How do I get this here yolk off you?"

"Controls on that table over there. Where are the others?"

"Outside. Way up yonder looking down. Oophalah and his fishy friends are battling outside. Malcolm too. James is just down the hall."

"Which James?"

"Say what?" The query caught her off guard.

"Young James or Old James?"

"Um! Young. What you mean old James?"

"Long story. Get me out of this. We have to find Sophia."

"I'm thinkin' she may be in that room with the glob of whatever it was."

"The Jellyfish hybrid that helped me when I released the others. He's good."

"He's a mud puddle now." Greta reaches the controls and flips switches not really knowing what would work. Luck was on her side. Maddy's harness disengages and she's allowed to stand up and stretch.

"A shame. My back is killing me. Let's get out of this room. Trust me?"

"Always."

"Good. Here we go." Maddy takes Greta by the hand as she turns intangible. Taking Greta with her she leads her through the wall and into the next room. Escape meant channeling from location to location without getting caught. Heading straight toward Sophia and elder James Ian. Reaching the room they hesitate and lay low as Hordakian guards funnel into the room carefully to avoid the Jellyfish which had been Sonically shredded. Ironically its body still tried to reform and move again. Seeing the two Ganthorian scientists observing something else made Maddy curious. Then she heard a loud scream. A deafening cry of trembling agony.

"Oh my God! They must be torturing Sophia." Maddy panics and tips her hand defensively. Dragging Greta through the Cowgal went invisible again to avoid detection. Smarter that way. Maddy steps past the Ganthorians to see the unexpected. Her fears suddenly turning toward repulsion. Before her eyes she saw her daughter now in a missionary position with elder James fucking her silly. Her scream obviously a well deserved orgasm.

Hordakians barged in forcing Maddy to step back. Oddly, the Ganthorian scientists moved closer together and blocked her being seen in her ghostly state. That stunt made Maddy wonder why they would protect her.

Concealed she observes the soldiers drag James off of Sophia and usher him away into the hall. Sophia lay back shaking and cringing as she stood surrounded by Hordakians. Gritting her teeth she prayed none of them were into interspecies sex. None were remotely interested. Sophia is pulled to her feet by her hair and tossed over a shoulder. Carried also into the hallway.

Orin Ridge stood firm with arms folded, "Some Granddaughter you turned out to be. Are you trying to destroy my destiny?"

"Leave her alone." Elder James tries to resist his captors to no avail. This brought Orin closer to grab him by the chin.

"Useless now. Your blood is tainted. Still. I'll honor you and take your life on the final moment of existence."

"Whatever. Not like I'll survive to eat my birthday cake."

"I got your cake right here between my legs." Sophia rambles feeling cocky.

"Light a candle Sophia. I'll be another breath older in what thirty minutes?" James hisses toward Orin.

"Lucky for you I have your younger self instead. One that is still a virgin."

"If not 33. You needed me at my prime age."

"A substitute none the less. Blood is blood. I'll just take both of you for a swim. If this doesn't work I'll just go back in time before you screwed my Granddaughter. Make certain you're vital."

"He can do that? I vote for that. I can take his virginity a second time." Sophia eyes Harpea on the sidelines. Harpea merely stares at her. Emotionless.

Maddy ponders hearing his words, "We can all go home. If this ship has a Time Machine."

She would need to tread carefully. As would Greta Winston who stood idle watching the Jellyfish call his body back together. It was gross but amazing all the same. Sadly, nobody seemed concerned by the creature. 

"Come along Mister Pryce. It's time you met your younger self." Orin motions to the guards to haul him along as Orin turns away.

"That robe looks like a dress." James chuckles trying to annoy Orin.

At the room containing young James Ian the door hisses open upon Orin's arrival. Entering he finds James in a trance. It was almost as if he were having an epileptic fit. Eyelids fluttering over the whites of his eyes. Sweat beading up on his brow.

"What's this?" Orin grimaces snapping his fingers over the boys face. Carried in behind him elder James smirks.

"Low blood sugar. Maybe he can't be sacrificed either." James sighs with a tick.

"Poppycock. You don't have low blood sugar. Our tests would have noted it."

"Lots you don't know about we Anomalies. Certainly not telling."

"Oh? Slit my Granddaughters throat G'Ort."

"Wait! What the hell Dude."

"Out with it. What's wrong with him? You?" Orin demands.

Before any exchange of truth a loud rapture from the Tachyon Destroyer echoes through the ship. Pounding noises on the roof make Orin narrow his eyes, "What caused that?"

G'Ort calls his troop leader for verification. All in the room hear a dreaded cry of, "A Giant Sir. As tall as the X'Orr itself."

Eyes bulge as the pounding continues. Finally Orin pinches his brow, "Exterior speakers on." He awaits a simple recognition through the ships computer system, "ATTENTION ALL INVADERS. If the fight does not end immediately I will kill the boy." Of course he had that plan already. They didn't know this however.

The thunderous pounding ceases as Malcolm Brand pauses to look around him. Even the hybrids were ordered to retreat by Oophalah. All of them. Only Oophalah would stand alone beside Malcolm. Mad respect is shared.

"Hybrids are heading for the water. Not the grotto Sir." Came the Troop leader.

"Much better." Orin clasps his hands then returns his attention toward young James. The boy was suddenly mumbling, "Where's Xander? I can't find my dog."

Elder James goes silent. He hadn't even noticed. In the future Xander had passed of old age. Yet, in this time the German Shepard was in his prime. Even he felt a bit of remorse. "James? It's me James. Weird I know. We both know what's going on here now. I opened your mind earlier than things opened up to...well Me...only when you're older." Elder speaks to himself watching every twitch on his younger face.

"Meaning what?" Orin insisted.

"Telepathy. My younger self is exploring the other areas of our brain we hadn't delved into until I was like 29. This changes our future to a degree. He can become more powerful now. Long before my version did."

"Doesn't matter. You'll both be dead in twenty four minutes." Orin again utilizes the exterior speakers, "GIANT! HYBRIDS! LEAVE THE VICINITY AT ONCE. I'M NOT AFRAID TO BLOW THIS PLACE TO HOLY HELL." 

"Why would you do that?" James the elder winces.

"Once I see the face of God I'll be immortal. Even if I really did blow this pop stand I'd survive. Don't worry I'm not nuking this place." 

"Yes you would." The younger James breaks his trance and looks at him with disappointment, "What would your family think of your insane ideas?"

Orin winces at the boys sudden emergence, "My family are in good hands."

"Are they? Are you? Living on some alien world they barely understand? Cloned being bad enough. Their minds altered. No souls. I begin to wonder if you have a soul."

"I guess I'll find out shortly. Somehow I think it takes a soul to reach the divine."

Young James inhales deeply as his mind communicates outwardly without Orin's knowledge. First and foremost he speaks to himself, "Hello Me."

Elder James remains expressionless playing off his best poker face, "You picked up on my mental tutelage faster than I expected. I'm good."

"Yes I am. I don't know how I missed this location in my brain. Any brain. Full on access now. Thanks to Me."

"Weird seeing myself so young again."

"Weird seeing myself so old. Is that a gray hair on your temple?"

"My times running out. Learn from this."

"Of course. I won't die like I will in eighteen more minutes. The future will change because of this night."
