 2019 AD. 

Renee Ramse stood outside the Tokyo International Airport. With only a vast canopy rescuing her from a torrential downpour. Seasonably warm yet the rain brought the temperature lower than normal. This was her first ever visit to Japan and the sheer bustle of it made her nervous. For a strong willed woman that had gone through Navy Seal training that said something.

It wasn't so much the traffic or the volume of pedestrians than it was why she even came to this country. Had she lost her mind? Accepting a free ticket from someone she didn't know in hopes of learning the truth of her lost child, presumed dead at birth. She buried the child for Christ's sake. Although it was always possible the deceased infant might not have even been hers. She did have questions but all evidence pointed to losing the baby. Until yesterday in Paris France. When a televised billboard came to life and a toddler spoke to her from God knows where. Could he really be alive? Here in Tokyo? Then came a shadowy figure who revealed to her a sword looking very old. With a blade still shiny as if forged weeks ago. One with a reflection that was unmistakable. The vision of her lost Husband, Jack Ramse.

She had to know the truth.

"Crazy Blondie. I should have had the baby's grave exhumed and DNA tests done before taking this kind of risk. Still, how do I explain that vision of Jack in the sword? Worse yet, I haven't even warned Ben-Zion that I made this trip. His job has him running all over the world. It's not like I can ask him to drop what he's been doing just to join me on a wild goose chase. Right?"

Stewing she shivers hearing the cars going by sloshing amid puddles of rain. Every little sound had her senses jumping. Finally a white Limo pulls up next to the curb in front of her. Pausing to absorb the possibilities she observes a well dressed middle aged driver get out and shuffle around the car. Bowing out of cultural respect the driver stands upright.

"Welcome to Japan, Mrs. Ramse. I am your driver and translator Kinchu Mori. If you please." He scurries back to open the car door for her. Hesitantly, she drags her luggage along until he claims her bags. After she agrees to enter she settles into a plush seat while he shuts the door. He then pops a trunk hatch and places her bags in the back. Once returned to his drivers seat he lowers a glass window separating the front from the rear cabin.

"Our ride will take some time. Please partake in the refrigerator. It has much to eat and drink. Nap if you like."

"How long? Where are we going?" She almost regrets getting in.

"Two hours. We go into the Mountains. It is very beautiful there."

"Who am I going to see?"

"Master Greyson. He is excited to finally meet you."

"Okay? Who exactly is this Greyson?"

Kinchu begins driving. Merging into traffic he continues to communicate, "It is not my place to offer such information. Please forgive. You would not be his honorable guest if he did not wish to help you."

"I'm not quite sure what he can help me with."

"Much. Patience please."

"Not much choice. I'll just kick back. Jet lag."

"Rest well Mrs. Ramse." Kinchu raises the window and leaves her in peace. She did take a short nap.

Flying over the Pacific at unprecedented speeds General Obadiah Ridge sat next to Serena Dorsey. Her boyfriend the alien Nordic SeVen helming the controls. Being inside his first ever alien craft made him uneasy. Still, he marveled at the technology within. The comfort exceeded his expectation. It even had a new car smell.

"So where exactly are we headed again?" 

"Japan, General. We are expected. I arranged contact with a valuable resource in the country. On this world. He is well known in the cyber world yet quite reclusive. For a very good reason as you shall learn." SeVen responds without looking behind him.

"Well known? You said his name was Milo Greyson right? Funny I have never heard of the guy. Is he one of you Nordics?"

"Pleidians. The term Nordic was given to us centuries ago by your race. It is quite appalling."

Serena sighs reaching over to pat Obadiah on the leg, "Be kind. He might sue you for a racial slur."

"Right." The General eyes her hand lingering. On it was the blue diamond ring found on her alien Mother's severed finger. The idea of the Hope diamonds curse made him growl faintly. Serena was amused by his discomforting expression.

"You worry too much Obadiah. I should think I as the owner would perish long before you. We are over the Pacific. It's possible we could go down in a fiery freefall to certain death. At least we all perish together as friends."

"I'm not dying until I know my wife and daughter are home safely. Let's just get this meeting with Greyson started. If he's as smart as SeVen lets on then he can decipher Dorsey's journal. I also have a microchip that was given to me I haven't risked using on a traditional computer. I don't want the info hacked nor put anyone's life in jeopardy."

"Wise indeed." SeVen offers.

"So, SeVen fill me in on Greyson. If he is so well known."

"Milo is one of the richest men on the planet. For his age." 

"Age? You said immortal of a sort. How old is he?"

"That is unknown. His wealth comes from procuring artifacts of great antiquity. His genius at building technology is also insurmountable. Some say that he can see trouble coming before it is thought of."

"Psychic?"

"Perhaps. That or he has technology that predicts the outcome of all things. He is certainly not a man to be trifled with. With wealth comes security. Respect. Even Japan's Yakuza fear him. They refer to him as the Devil's right hand."

"Doesn't the Yakuza cut the fingers off a right hand if betrayed?"

"Indeed. He is not their enemy. They merely stand back out of fear. Immortality does that. It is said that he committed what the Japanese refer to as Hari Kari many times. Not once did he die. Therefore the Yakuza has deemed him worthy to live and be forgiven of all failures. Dishonor becomes honor."

"Yeah, okay. Now that I know aliens do exist and time travel is possible I'll believe in anything."

"Earth is the jewel of the universe."

Serena's eyes sparkle as she lifts her ring before her eyes, "Does that mean I own the Earth?"

"Not for sale." Obadiah frowns.

"Really? Look. See what I see?" She offers him a closer inspection of the gem inset. Within the facets he notes very tiny planet Earth's like a kaleidoscope. His eyes bulge at the visions.

"There's more to that Wedding ring than we know." Obadiah swallows.

"Perhaps Milo can discover its true purpose." SeVen adds.

With a beguiling smile Serena teases, "Is this Milo handsome?"

SeVen smirks ever so lightly, "I am...taller."

"Oooo! Jealousy. Since when does Mister No Emotion display a jealous streak?" She expresses playfully.

SeVen ignores her letting her believe what she might. Obadiah was more worried that he would be missed by the Military. If caught in Japan that could send mixed signals to the United States Government. He was going without their knowledge or a Visa. One false move and his career was over. To find his family it would be worth it.

Waking from her nap Renee Ramse peers out her window to see a lush forest covering a mountainous terrain. It was beautiful. Ahead of her although a bit harder to see was a winding road. It looked bumpy yet the car was not rocking about under the ruts. Nor did she hear the slushing of tires against the water build up. It had obviously rained this far from the Airport as well. She could see mud puddles on the roads surface. A chill suddenly comes over her. 

The window separator slides down to reveal Kinchu Mori, "We will arrive shortly."

"Good. This ride is making me edgy. I guess it's simply the unknown creeping in to my soul."

"You wonder why our drive is without turbulence. Our tires are not on the ground."

"What?"

"The roads this deep into the mountains are not designed for vehicles such as this limousine. Therefore I have switched over to hover control. We are riding on air two feet above the path."

"Since when do cars do that?"

"Master Greyson holds many patents. This has been one he has had for many years. He keeps it too himself. Much more comfortable. Do you not agree?"

"Sure. Tech savvy. I see a gateway coming up. Is this the Greyson Estate?"

"Yes. The Shinmei torii opens up into a whole new world on the other side."

"Please tell me I'm not leaving the Earth."

"No Mrs. Ramse. The Earth will be leaving us."

"I was joking."

"As was I." He smirks.

Passing under the scenery alters slightly. Trees display more cherry blossoms. Flowers of every kind dot the landscape. Many caretakers groom the grounds without even looking at their arrival with interest. Peacocks roamed freely. She sat forward in her seat and held her breath. 

"We are here." The driver notes as he careens one last winding path to pull up in front of a stunning gigantic multi level home. Traditional Japanese style. Yet, influenced by a more modern structural base. On the outside it appeared paper on the interior however steel and wood. Perhaps more.

"His home is breathtaking."

"Indeed it is." As Kinchu Mori pulls the limo replacing the hover mode with the cars tires lowered from below the chassis, he then shuts the car off and exits. While she awaits him to open her door she notes a few new arrivals. A beautiful woman in a white business suit with a blue silk blouse beneath flows elegantly toward the drive. Her raven black hair long and flowing behind her but pinned with an ornate set of needles. Never stepping from a stone path leading from the house. Beside her she presumed a bodyguard. A massive 400 pound Sumo Wrestler in of all things cargo pants and an unbuttoned floral pattern shirt. His bare chest exposed beneath. Certainly unprofessional compared to the female.

Her door opens as Kinchu had her bags waiting. The Sumo gathering them up as the woman steps forward.

"Mrs. Ramse? Welcome to Nakushita Chiheisen. I am Master Greyson's Secretary and Liaison. You may call me Psi Chii."

"Nakushita Chiheisen? What does that mean?"

"In your language it would mean Lost Horizon. Unless you wish to hear it in French."

"No. English is fine. Why does he refer his home as Lost Horizon?"

"All directions lead to here. While some are lost others are found."

"You're not Japanese are you?" Renee picks up on an accent.

"No. I was born in China. Master Greyson hired me not long ago. I speak fourteen languages fluently. Please follow me I shall see you to your room. Freshen up and Master Greyson will meet you in a few hours time. We await further guests."

"Others? Why? I thought he was here to help me find my son. My husband."

"Calm please. He will assist you in all ways. I must ask you to remain calm. Agitation will awaken the Dragon. That would not be wise."

"Dragon?" Renee swallows dryly. For some reason she believed in Dragons.

In passing the Sumo smirks at her and wags his eye brows. She ignored him in passing. Now was not the time for flirtations. Besides he was most definitely not her type. Even if she were looking. He knew that. It was all in fun. Still it made her uncomfortable. Right now she wished she had kept her Glock on her. Security at best .

"Pay no attention to Buku. He is harmless though quite imposing. As you Americans say...a big Teddy Bear."

"Somehow I think that's more of a big Grizzly Bear."

Psi Chii grins sheepishly, "He has his moments. Talents as well."

"Yeah? That's comforting." Renee scowls. Her patience was never her strong suit. Keeping a distance she followed along into the home. Within her eyes sparkled at the décor. Gold statues of Nude Goddesses lined along both sides of a long entry leading toward a staircase upward. The railings alone looked ancient yet maintained. The steps stone looking as if a natural formation. Impossible as it seemed. The walls appearing paper yet reflective to the lighting. Strange indeed. Even the air about her seemed electric.

"Breathtaking is it not?" Psi Chii stops at the first step awaiting her.

"That and more. It almost seems unreal. Like a collage of mysteries."

"I believe that was Master Greyson's idea. You will find that every room has its secrets."

"If there's a hidden camera in my room I'm going to destroy it." Renee expresses a stern expectation.

"No need. Master Greyson provides his guests with the utmost respect."

"I wasn't referring to Greyson." She casts a thumb toward Buku with a sneer, "By camera I also mean any drilled peep holes in the walls."

Buku chuckles and staggers forward leering down at her, "I like men."

Cocking an eye brow she hears the hint of femininity in the Sumo's voice, "Still don't trust you Tubby."

Psi Chii smirks, "All here are trustworthy. You shall see."

"Uh huh! Let's get to my room I need to use the little Mulan's room."

Neither of them took offense to her unintentional racial slam. Regardless their silence followed the three story journey. Every step until Psi Chii halts and opens her room up through magnificent double doors. Within she heard water running like a fountain. Awestruck she spies a Turkish style bath then looked at the floor.

"How is that possible on a third story floor? Shouldn't the room have caved in?"

"Mysteries as you say. Explore. Rest awhile. Dinner will be served in a few hours. All that you might need lie within."

"M-16? Rocket launcher?"

"You might be surprised." Psi Chii awaits Buku to enter and drop Renee's luggage. Excusing themselves respectfully she is left alone."

Eying her luxurious palace she kicks off her shoes and tempts the water of the bath. Warm and inviting. She instead opts to explore further. Her closets were full of clothing. Everything from ball gowns to cowboy boots. Strangely enough after a closer inspection all were in her size. It gave her further chills. Almost as if she were here to stay.

"Time to call Ben-Zion." She grits her teeth regretting not doing it before now. From her jacket pocket she produces her cellphone and realizes she had no bars. Dead as a doornail. Looking about for an electrical outlet to charge it she discovers none. Yet there were lamps that worked without being plugged in to an outlet. Strange indeed. 

Tensing she went to relieve her bladder. The restroom at least looked normal.

In stealth mode SeVen crossed into Japanese airspace. Avoiding flights going out from commercial airlines and military jets. Radar had no clue of their existence. A marvel to Obadiah Ridge as he expected at least a confrontation. Serena beside him napping he chose to enjoy the landscape as it came into view. Lush countryside's and forests as far as the eye could see. Almost primitive he thought.

"Our flight has come to an end General. We have arrived."

"I don't see any landing strips anywhere."

"Of course not. There are none in this remote of an area."

"I forgot this is a VTOL ship. Still I don't even see any clearing to set down on."

"One moment to redirect satellites observing the area and we shall be lowering."

"Lowering into what? The treetops?"

His eyes bulge as a section of forest literally pulls aside. How that could be possible was beyond him. Surely trees would collide and create destruction. Spotting an opening that appeared cavernous SeVen hovers treetop level then drops down into the shadows. Once the ship entered the sunlight expelled as the roof of trees returned to normal.

"Hidden base?"

"Hidden home."

Setting down on a level surface SeVen shuts down his airship and ceases the engines. All quiet woke Serena who stirred drowsily.

"Are we there?"

"Yes." SeVen opens the door and issues forth the short ramp down to the stone surface. Torches lit all around his ship as if a horde of bearers stood ready. There were none. Merely flames guiding a path.

"Seeing as you know the way. Nordic first?" The General swallows dryly.

"Pleid---" SeVen starts to insist his race yet again.

"I know. I know." Obadiah scowls and nudges the taller man feeling his fingers immediately drop in temperature even through the mans coat, "Hiding Antarctica in there?"

"My race must maintain a certain body temperature. My clothing although humanized is designed for the comfort and perseverance of my kind."

Obadiah nods looking at Serena, "And you have sex with this guy? Must be a cold reception."

She winks, "Certainly keeps the nipples hard."

Rolling his eyes he motions to let her follow SeVen before exiting himself. He was a Gentleman after all. Together the trio followed the torch light until it came to an end at a carved stone staircase. Several doors were passed along the way. Including one the size of an airplane hangar. He presumed that door led to Greyson's own airship. Until he heard a loud guttural snarl while passing. Sounding like a big cat or something. He didn't ask questions until the staircase.

"Guard dog on steroids?"

"No. That would be the Dragon." SeVen uttered without expression before climbing the stairs. Obadiah and Serena stare at each other wide eyed. They hurried after the Albino. At the top of the stairs Obadiah was winded. Eight stories would do that to a man of his age. He was a sturdy man but even he would admit to not getting as much exercise as he could have. Acknowledging their attentiveness that he was alright SeVen creaked open the door before them and led them in. Sealing the door they discovered another set of stairs.

"Good God! Doesn't this Greyson believe in elevators?" Obadiah huffs.

"SeVen could carry you General." Serena smirks.

"I'll manage. After you."

Obadiah tried not to look at her well sculpted ass. Impossible to say the least. Tight leggings hugged every curve. Every dimple. Of course she wouldn't be wearing underwear. His blood pressure was definitely rising. A constant reminder that she had alien DNA within her helped a little. Hardly enough. Lizard or not. Her human side was dominant. Of course there was the blue diamond thing. If his blood pressure didn't kill him her cursed gem might. Yup, attention averted. That and the shuffling to carry her large shoulder bag containing the books safety box suddenly obstructed his view. Reaching the end of the stairs led to another hall of doorways. It was there SeVen halted.

"From this point we separate. Each of us must choose a door. Our destiny lies within the room we choose." He acknowledges with a glint of dread.

"Wait. I'm staying with you." Serena abruptly panics, "I need you SeVen."

"The future shall provide the fate. If our fate is sealed to be together then we shall."

"What? So we come all this way to possibly never see each other again?" Obadiah responds grimly, "Preposterous. We stick together."

"Right!" Serena flares in agreement.

A sudden roar forces the walls to vibrate, startling Obadiah and Serena. SeVen merely smirks to himself. He knew the theatrics well.

"Your temperament has attracted the Dragon. Please calm yourselves. We go no further without parting. Shall we go back?"

"Damn alien Iceberg. Fine! Let's get this over with. I need my family back." Obadiah chooses his door sliding the paper door aside and looking in to complete darkness. The thought of his destiny being death at the gem's curse crossed his mind. Shaking it off with bravado he growls and enters closing the door behind him.

Serena whines stomping one heel on the corridors floor. It created an echo that haunted her further. SeVen observed her indecision before finally picking a door and entering. Leaving it open the door closed on its own. This led SeVen to move further down the hallway and his own choice in doors. Once inside, his own door seals to silence.

Within would make them believers.

Psi Chii had gone her own way after settling Renee in a room. Her knowledge of new arrivals came through a messenger. An elderly woman races up to her on her way to her office and recites the message in Mandarin. Even though the woman was certainly Japanese. The strangeness of this place even put Psi Chii on edge at times. Still the pay was far too good to pass up. Having been hired a mere month ago she had faced what the others had upon reaching Lost Horizon. Each door had its own identity. She knew even Renee Ramse would understand once she relaxed.
