 "You just shot poison up inside me. Damn it Cap'n Jack."

Addison Rogers the ships First mate responded with horrified eyes. Jack's nude body sprawled over her back in a feverish sweat. His hands yanking her red mane. In his state he had pictured Colonel Ruby Goddard. In some ways they did look similar. Addison shorter but muscled in a more intense workout kind of way. Her biggest fear was the Fer-de-Lance venom coursing through his veins. It was a miracle he had this kind of stamina. She welcomed his behavior yet worried about her own health. Of course she knew that she could resist most toxins. Her military conditioning offering many perks. What she wasn't aware of was that Jack Ramse could as well. 

Vocal cords strain to speak. His lips dry and chapped. Eyes affixed on her body yet almost lost in his mind. Holding her pinned down he continued fucking her doggy style. She enjoyed it regardless of her stress. 

High above her bunk on a shelf rested an empty Rum bottle. Of booze that is. Stuffed inside it was the Sprite O'Tah alias Iota. On her feet now watching them, hands on her hips with a look of anger on her face. She wanted to fire up her mystical energies and bust free of her prison. Taking out her frustration on the She Pirate. The problem was that something on board this vessel was draining her magic. She was powerless. Strength sapped to the point that even teetering the bottle was pointless. All she could do was pout and rap her fist on the glass.

They had been fucking for hours. Jack relentless. Addison straining to keep up. Her orgasms long and screaming. At some point she knew that she would have to end this blessing. Few and far between she realized. Not since before her jet went down over China had she felt a real man between her thighs. Her crew nothing to desire. Toothless, old, ugly, and useless overall. She only led these men during the day. The real Captain, if he could still be called that under his circumstances only set foot on the deck during nightfall. It wasn't always that way. His misfortune of sanity kept his behind closed doors. Only leading his crew through Addison. His mind communicating with hers as needed. She was a puppet.

Eying the port window to her cabin she realizes that the sun was setting. Very soon Captain Mordecai would leave his isolation to feel the breeze of this inland sea. The Spanish Warship rocked and heaved. The waves becoming more and more turbulent. She could smell a storm coming. Something very rare on this world called Pangaea. "Time to slow down Jack. Addie is getting wore out. Sore if you must know. Pull out and lets call it a night." She winces at his never ending assault. Eyes rolling one last time she releases then gathers her emotions before rearing back with her elbow and colliding it with Jack's jaw. The force of her impact sent him flying off the bed and on to the floor. There Jack lay sprawled out and groaning from his fever.

"Sorry Jack. We both know you could have sailed on 'til morning. The Captain's going to be calling us soon. Kensington will need a breather." She snuggles on the edge of her bunk with her pillow under her arm. An arm draping down to tease Jack's fierce erection with a nail to the foreskin. Marveling at his dexterity under the venom's influence. Why hadn't he died? She was grateful none the less.

A moment later Jack Ramse passes out. His adrenalin rush spent. It was back to dreamland and inner battle. Sighing Addison Rogers gets up and takes a simple sponge bath before getting dressed. It was then that she decided to sift through his bags. His guns locked away in a trunk. His remaining pack found the holographic communicator. Seeing this made her curious. Opening it on the floor she attempted to utilize its frequency mode. The distance left it useless. Nudging it aside she finds the tiny remote that controlled Fenway but sets it aside uncertain of its use. Lucky for Jack. He needed Fenway to remain hidden until he was needed.

After an hour of being nosey Addison looks down at Jack. His erection hadn't failed him for even a second. With a huff to her hair strands she crouches and picks Jack up with ease. Her strength far exceeding her size. Tossing him on her bunk she covers him up and pats his chest. 

"Duty calls Jack. You rest up. We'll talk in the morning. That is if this storm doesn't take its toll on us. I hear rain. Thunder even. Ta for now." She steps toward the door then halts. A swift glance toward Iota she blows the Sprite a kiss. The return was less loveable. Who knew a woodland Sprite could flip the bird? Twice.

Stepping out on the upper deck of the bow Addison Rogers looks out at the endless water. She knew land wasn't far off but the Captain made certain they stuck to deeper waters. As far from most shores as possible. She herself would rather be on land but he wouldn't allow it. His power and authority never in question out of fear. When Addison had first been rescued the Captain appeared as an honorable man. Then, one day they rescued another lost soul. A man long since gone. A man that left his mark upon the crew. The Captain Mordecai by far the most serious. After weeks of fever the Captain revived a darker man by far. He would not eat however. Not fish. Not grown vegetables. Too make matters worse all soil was cast to the sea. The crew not themselves that day. A lapse in sanity that gave way to normalcy once more. At least as normal can get. Her people here were slowly going stir crazy.

Leaning on a rail Addison absorbed the skies. Clouds looked menacing. The wind picking up drastically. Rain spitting down yet not torrential. Getting there though. As First Mate she was deciding their best move. Race to evade the storm? Or, head into it directly and battle it out. Evading logical yet she knew that to go the safe direction meant getting to near land. The Captain would not approve. While she got away with most things that land in sight rule would make Mordecai cross. His form of punishment left his target weaker for it. Whatever it was that changed Mordecai was not on the side of Angels. She hoped that Jack Ramse would be her day in the sun. He was stronger than most. He wasn't all about magic. Magic suffering under the sails due to Captain Mordecai. The Devil himself.

"Course correction Addy?" Came a voice from below the front bow. A messenger between she and the helm. A lank man with bushy hair and a missing tooth up front. Gritting her teeth Addison makes her fate, "Into the belly of the beast Mister Bentoncourt. Crew stand ready."

"Crew stand ready." He recites loudly then leers up at the wheel guide, "Rough seas ahead Willy."

Following her orders men raced about tying sails as taunt as possible for support. Creaking from every plank on the ship became excessively annoying. Natural to their ears. The ship was old. Just new to this time period.

Addison looked about and found something amiss. Looking to a man next to her she grimaces, "Where's the dwarf?"

"Leprechaun?" He chimes back.

"LITTLE MAN." She grows grim.

"Last I saw of him he was cringing by the mast. Trying to reach his embedded axe. Poor lil Mate." He chuckles. They had left his axe there to torment him. Knowing he couldn't reach it. Lowball was not giving up.

While Addison walked about in search she reaches the golden blade and sees her reflection in it. For some reason it haunted her. How had it risen from the sea it was cast into yesterday? Magic was not allowed. It was hardly any type of tech she could recognize. Just an axe. Not even one large enough to inflict any real damage. Fidgeting her lips she steps away. Lowball was the furthest worry at this point. Let him hide away until the storm passed.

High above in a crows nest a smirking Leprechaun rubbed his hands together. He had a plan. That is until lightning crackled across the Heavens. It was then he covered himself up with a tattered blanket against the chill. His plans might have to wait.

In her travels on deck Addison chose to head below. Opening a hatch and scurrying down a set of freshly supported steps. Once below she made her way through the cargo hold. Something felt wrong here. Her emotions suddenly choked up. When she was first rescued this hold was teeming with life. Rescued slaves from some African nation in the 1800's occupied the hold. Working the deck in shifts. Not so much slaves at the time. Captain Mordecai of old gave them choices. Work or swim. He fed them graciously what little he could spare. That all ended the day they saved the solemn man. An Arabic gent who spoke very little. A man who died shortly after shaking hands with Mordecai.

Once the man perished, as if drained of life the slaves became next . Every week one of them died. As their numbers dwindled the crew feared death would come for them. After a spell the demise grew less. Mordecai had altered his hunger. Addison realizing just what the malady truly was. Not some rare tropical disease but from something they allowed on board. The Arab was obvious possessed by something. Something akin to a vampire but not. A demon perhaps. One far to strong for even Addison in her strong will. She gave in. The only other choice was swim and pray. Mordecai had the crew right where he wanted them. 

Even when hijacking Jack Ramse her inner thoughts led to just jumping over and sailing away with them. The problem was that she had grown fond of her crew. All decent chaps who needed a strong leader. Not one that fed upon them but one that cared that they live. This was why Mordecai chose and appointed Addison Rogers as First Mate. Better than paying for her misgivings. At least life was life.

Still, in her exploration of the cargo hold she felt something off. Narrowing it down she realized that there was no squeaking of rats. Of course the crew allowed rats to thrive as a meal source. Hunting them as needed. Yet, none were scurrying about. She would ponder this further after the storm died down.

Hearing chains rattle Addison followed them into the darkness. She knew exactly what it was. The girl. Bianca TeLeone revived and reacting to her imprisonment. Hearing guttural growls Addison found a torch and carefully lit it with a fire starter from her pocket. As the flames grew she stepped into view of the squatting young beauty. Not so beautiful at the moment. Her eyes were swollen. Body bruised from the manhandling. In the torch light Addison noted the rage brewing in the girls eyes. A tear actually formed in Addison's eye. One she fought back. 

"Sorry Love. I shouldn't have thrown you to the wolves like I did. We've all been out here at sea way too long. Our needs objecting to reason. Mine especially. If I could take back my order I would. I know there is no forgiveness and I accept that. You must know one thing before you try and kill me someday. My actions are not one hundred percent my own. The Captain you see...well...he rather likes controlling our desires. Amplifying them. Not quite sure how he does it other than calling him some demon from hell. Still, I owe him my life. At least the Captain I knew from my beginnings here." The First Mate sighs at her choices, "I hear from my crew that your ring won't come off. That for some strangeness they couldn't even cut off your finger. I'm grateful for that. They can get a bit crazy out here on the open water. Possessive. Anything that makes their day you might say. I'll do my best to let you heal up. Keep my men in check. The only thing preventing that would be Mordecai. He can be pretty hard to resist. By doing so we suffer his wrath. I'll have one of my quieter lads bring you some fish and water. Best I can offer. Oh, and a blanket. I know we won't become friends but it is the least I can do. Forgive if you can. If not I'll await your resentment."

Addison turns away and follows the light from the opened hatch. Gloomy as it was. Before climbing up she snuffs her torch in a powder barrel of some sort. Once gone a set of eyes in the darkness watches the woman seal the door. Not those of Bianca. Bianca could only stare straight ahead and growl. Perhaps a possession of her own. Within the blackness a lithe body stirs about. One that reaches Bianca and calms her by merely crouching before her and sharing in her gaze. A bit of comfort to know she was not alone.

As the Greek beauty lowers her eyelids the visitor takes leave. Returning to another well hidden passenger. Behind cargo an old woman reacts to fur touching her. Her friend had returned. Purring resumed until the woman known as Wretch whispers.

"The souls in the sword have retreated. Like my new eyes. My renewed youth. Magic has been called away I fear." The purring persists. The black cat reclaims its form. For now at least. If magic has faded it has not touched this one. This one is powerful. Even Wretch had no explanation for her friend.

First Mates cabin.

Jack Ramse tosses and turns. Sweating off the venom in his highly evolved system. Nerves coming back to life then battling again. He could hear thunder but could only react in mumbles. His dreams all over the place. Seeing visions of his wife Renee. Images of he and she in better times. Frolicking. Wrestling. Tickling. Making love. Right out in the open for watching eyes. Uncaring. In love. Until other men called her attentions away. The Military tended to leave long gaps in reunion. The more he dreamt the harder he jostled about on the bunk. His body wanting to rise up triumphantly. Failing.

Further dreams ramble on. The crash that got him here to Pangaea. Hearing James Ian Pryce singing Purple Haze amid turbulence. The haze inflicting upon his visions. Purple hues enshrouding memories. Memories of Ruby Goddard. His heart beating faster as he envisions her. Nothing sexual. For once they were just sitting on a rocky mountain top overlooking a strange environment. Something about Ruby at that time and place made him pause in his fever. Her belly was bulging. She had not had their child. Pulling away from him she gets up and walks away. Leaving him to sit smiling at her. She was glowing. Motherhood suited her better then either imagined. Suddenly, the scene adds trauma. Large starships were filling the sky. Leaving Earth. Moments later Ruby blows Jack a kiss and flutters her fingers goodbye. He reaches out for her only to find loss. A red glow arrives across the horizon. Two moons collide in the sky. Followed by a mushroom cloud. Ruby's smile the last thing he sees.

"RUBY! NOOO!" He sits up unexpectedly. Eyes narrow and distraught. Trembling hands wipe sweat from his brow. A second later he collapses once more. Slumber this time. Much required.

Storm clouds hid the twin moons in the sky. One hiding behind the other. A corona growing brighter each night. This night hiding was destiny. The seas rough tossed the Spanish Warship about. Waves rising high and slamming hard against the wooden hull. The crew thrown about in their maintenance. Duties prioritized for safety. In the darkness of troublesome torches life was hardly easy.

Addison held her post barking commands to her crew in the spatter of water that cascades down from the clouds. It was difficult to see as it was in the darkness without the rain beating them up.

Amid their struggles a loud chant captures their attention. Haunted by the ghosts at sea. The crew cringing and looking about frightened by it. Then, it came. The Mayan that had also been poisoned by his own dart staggered from his quarantine. His limbs straining to walk. A knife in his hand made the others worry. As his rambling called out to the night he reaches the center of the deck. Blade slashing his throat the blood showers the already drenched planks at his feet. His body succumbing to fever. His dreams telling him to come home. The Feathered Serpent required his services. The Mayan died moments later. The entire scene would torment the crew for months. Addison Rogers held her breath. After a brief silence she barks, "Back at it! Unless we all want to join him."

His body slid about the deck in blood and water. Slithering. To worship one serpent. To perish at another. The Gods had spoken. 

An hour more passes as the battle rages on. High above in a teetering crows nest Lowball sits in his own piss and vomit. His tortures only beginning. Sea sickness the least of his worry. Tied down to keep from being thrown out he could only ride the storm out. Hearing the chanting end made his nerves calm a bit. Then, after a loud blinding flash of lightning he hears something new. A hum in his ears. It hurt. A lot. Fingers digging in one ear after another trying to mask it. Nothing helped. He had to see the cause. Tethered he tempts fate to venture a glance below. The nightmare had begun. Below him he sees the Captain's quarters open up. A terrifying screeching noise made him piss yet again. The stench something he was used to.

"Begorah! Demons I say." He cringes holding on for dear life.

He was correct. All hands on deck bear witness to their Captain taking his first step outside in days. A darkly robed figure wearing a Military issue Tricorne hat eases forth without stagger. As if his feet were not even touching the deck below. Face a pale white that drew attention amid the darkness. Eyes appearing as vacant sockets. 

"Yessssss!" He speaks over and over. Waltzing about the deck like a Spectre eying the sky. His crew too terrified to even speak. Silence might let them live to see another day. As the Captain Mordecai stared to the Heavens he wills the clouds to reveal the Moons above. The storm clouds raging around the perfect opening. Seeing this the crews blood freezes. Lowball would not be the only one urinating in their pants this night. Addison herself held on and watched. The moon revealing itself gave her a true sense of just how powerful this demon was. Her thoughts of Jack suddenly makes her fret. What if the Captain desired Jack as sustenance? There was no way that Mordecai did not know of his crew finding Jack and his band. Kensington alone would have spilled the beans while feeding the Captain. For that matter the Captain could sense their emotions. Siphoning them into knowledge. Addy had to change her feelings quickly or risk discovery. Bad enough her apologies to Bianca were sincere. She might have left herself open to torture. For now she would do her job.

In the cascade of waves rocking the ship the ghoul that was now Captain Mordecai began a series of verbal chants of his own. Almost as if basking in the Moons tidal balance. His crew praying that their demise was not forthcoming. While in fear and doubt they witness their fellow Charles Kensington stumble from the Captain's quarters. Thinner. Pale as a ghost. Yet managing to keep on his feet. The crew had witnessed this before. The Captain rarely draining any man completely dry of energy. He needed them to keep the ship afloat. Choosing to devour only those he felt he could sacrifice. The nature of the Man was never entirely predictable.

In his stance Mordecai notes the axe belonging to Lowball stuck in the wood of the mast. An arm rises to allow a single finger to touch it. Reacting unexpectedly Addison spies his hand withdraw quickly. Almost as if he was burnt on a stove. Interesting. She would keep that in mind. Maybe there was something more to that little axe after all. Magic hardly. It had to be in the ore it was forged in. 

Whirling about Mordecai's robes billow in the wind. He was sensing the others. Ever so slowly. Looking as if he were sniffing the air about him. With nightmarish precision Mordecai locates Addison and points directly at her.

"Magic. I can taste it. Strong magic's. Bring them to me." His voice from the grave. Addy had no choice, "Bring up the girl. Find the little man." Her voice barely heard over the thunder and swell. Her order moving from member to member until those closest to the hatch battled to head below. Gushes of water pouring down the hole. 
