 "I just know everyone is going to ask me how I knew I could send James up the Infant Tree. Cool name for that cave etching to Heaven if I do say so myself." Cameron Scott laughs as he navigates his flight through the cavern far ahead of the oncoming Ganthorian ship the X'Orr, "The truth is...I didn't. Something within me just knew that it was the right thing to do. To be that kid's guiding light. I guess we'll see how that reaction worked out. Right now we have more pressing concerns. Like getting this big bad boat docked next to the Hilton without destroying everything we've built for ourselves."

Having flown in it seemed like a no-brainer for a pilot to fly back out. The Ganthorian ship however was on auto-pilot. That meant its scan chose each and every trajectory to avoid damaging its hull. Peering back Cameron slowed up. It appeared that computers weren't always reliable . The X'Orr was teetering from side to side slowly. Almost as if unsure of its own calculations. Then, it dawned on Cameron.

"That Toddler son-of a bitch. Orin Ridge must have fucked with navigation too. I think it's time for me to try something else new to my power set. If this works I'll officially admit to James that I'm a freakin' superhero."

His light sphere that conceives rib like armor of hardened photons re-evaluates what Cameron needed of it. Shaping out in the form of a simple laser beam that severs lengthy stalactites and stalagmites that could potentially rip open the ships side long before the behemoth craft could reach them. The rubble falling away leaving loud echoes of destructiveness in the demise. The vibrations shook the entire cavern. Dust was kicking up everywhere making his vision hard to see. If his eyes were struggling then so would that of the X'Orr.

Luckily his body was encased in living light. His helmet which resembled something similar to that of a Spartans Corinthian battle hoplite. It had a sharp ridge arching over the top leading to a pinpoint upon the brow. Designed how he imagined it to appear. It was certainly aerodynamic. From a Pilots point of view. However, the light expelled from within Cameron himself. A gift from whatever some God offered him. All he knew was he was grateful. The light inside flares his eyes up like golden orbs. In seconds he could see even through the dust clouds. 

"Woohoooo! Cam Light too the rescue. Let's get this Noah's Ark through the sea of debris. Only four more miles I'm guessing. Slow and easy Big Fella. Little Fella? Who knows what the computers guidance systems size is." He continues his narrow chiseling trying not to create as intense vibrations as he had before. One wrong move and the entire cave might collapse in on itself. Game over.

Vampires in the deep darkness cry out their objections to the chaos. Their ears and senses disoriented by the echoing devastation. Sure they had a bad side to them but, a truce was certainly brought on with the help of the Roman Antonaeus Gaicazar. How long that truce could last remained to be seen. Their hunger selfish. 

For the next hour the Ganthorian craft jostled its inhabitants about. Even seated in Gravity chairs the turbulence created a rough ride. Chief Scientist Harpea hissed her thoughts on the balance her ship had lost. The Time Travel device they had rigged up was not the only thing the psychotic Orin Ridge had tinkered with. The entire ships navigation network was out of synch. Her Officers forced to control their flight by hand with auto pilot slipping in and out. There lay the problem. Auto pilot was not dependable. Nor were Harpea's scientists. She only had one true pilot on hand. He was good but not that good. If they made it out alive she would give him an hours vacation. All that any of her kind could accept. Ganthorians were known for being constant workers. Constant thinkers. In other words Workaholics.

"I think we're going to make it." Colonel Ruby Goddard noted daylight through the powdering dust from the cave. 

Harpea nods, "So it would seem. Well done Mav'ryk." She praises her pilot.

Ruby smirked, "Mav'ryk? Seriously?" She had to chuckle. The thoughts of Tom Cruise in the movie Top Gun capturing her imagination. His nickname Maverick. Harpea of course had no knowledge of Earth made films. The reference would be insignificant.

"Cameron sure helped make things easier." Elle Franklin adds, "That boy needs a medal."

"Pat on the back." Ruby smiles.

"Pat on the ass." Sophia Ridge giggles then quiets her own jesting. Her thoughts suddenly returning to the elder version of James. While she shouldn't even think badly of her flirtatious demeanor she did almost feel as if she had cheated on James. 

Younger James hides his expression. It was nice to know she had feelings for him. Even if it was for his older self. Still him in the end. So weird.

"Stop reading minds." Ruby growls.

"I can't help it. Give me time to learn how to turn it off already." James scowls.

Hiding her face Harpea calls out toward James, "Try meditation Young One. We telepaths have to rely on solace to gain perspective."

"Almost forgot you had Telepathy."

"Not nearly as powerful as yours. I use it sparingly. It does indeed hurt the brain. I would like to apologize to you in person. My reasons for accompanying Orin Ridge selfish. My race leans upon knowledge. Each planet has a similar trait of evolution. Such as yourself. Our desire is to decode the reason for it. To my kind we are traitors for joining Orin Ridge. My home world still suffers at his treachery without knowing. His clones will one day do as his original form. Turn toward deception. I fear for my race. Only a miracle might save them. I fear he will travel back in time on my world as well. To whatever Grotto was at our worlds beginnings. As you humans say, Try, try, again."

"Wow. I'm sorry that Ganthor might face trouble ahead. I forgive you. Just know I won't let anybody harm my family."

"You have family Child?"

"Doesn't everyone? I came back in time to find mine."

"How could your Parentage be back in time this far distant?"

"Trade secret. Little birdy told me. I didn't know exactly. Thought it was stupid to believe at first. Then I dug into knowledge help top secret at REGION. Hacked 'em. Learned a lot. I probably should have dug deeper but once I knew they were lost in Time I had to find them. Trouble is I think I brought them back in time to conceive me. Crazy, huh?"

"Troublesome to say the least. If I may help you learn more I shall. I will earn your trust Great One."

"Great One?"

"Yes. You are the first correct?"

"Ummm. Second actually. My new buddy Moe is the first. He saw the first reflection. The face of God. Sorry I missed it."

"Did you?" Harpea smirks, "Read the hairy man's mind. See what he saw. Then you shall know."

"I never thought of that. Wow! I'll try that once we get settled. He's freaking out being held in a gravity chair. I hope you guys have sanitizer."

"But, of course. Forgive me I must end our talk. My head is splitting."

"Bye Harpea."

She closes her eyes to relieve her mind. A light trickle of blood escapes her nostril. As light grows brighter she had to squeeze her lids tighter. One last brush with falling sand the monster ship departs the cavern opening. Flying out into open air for the first time in weeks. Once free of obstructions Mav'Ryk levels the X'Orr out.

"Damn fine flying Air boy." Ruby smiles at the Pilot who glances at her without expression, "Come on Grin. You know you want too." In response Mav'Ryk quivers the left side of his mouth. That was the best she would get. Ganthorians not known for deep emotion. 

Cameron Scott zips in flight around the X'orr to survey any potential damage. Exterior scratches at worst. They got lucky. Favoring a report in Cam swoops around toward the Bridge windows and heads straight for it. He had it in mind to try something he hoped didn't kill him. He wanted to do what he called a Madigan. 

Ruby and Elle speak as one, "What is Cameron doing?" Elle finishes the panic mode with, "He's playing Chicken at a time like this?"

Before their very eyes Cameron's body glows bright. So bright all eyes in the Bridge clamped shut. All save for James Ian. His mercurio gaze hardly straining against the light. As a matter of fact James began laughing hysterically.

"What's so funny Kid?"

Every eye in the place opened to witness Cameron Scott standing next to the Pilot. Arms folded. Legs crossed. He swiftly pats Mav'Ryk on the shoulder, "Han Solo couldn't have done it better. Reminded me of the Millennium Falcon flying out of the mouth of that Space Worm."

"I know right?" James deactivates his gravity seat and hops out to fist bump Cameron.

Ruby and Elle follow suit and stand stretching. Ruby scowling, "Risky move Jetsetter."

"Yeah. Somehow I knew I could pull it off."

"Dude. You're like Green Lantern." James chuckles.

"I was thinking of calling myself Laser Man or something." Cam adds fuel to the boys imagination.

"Not what his drawings of you calls you." Elle recalls seeing James sketches.

"Oh yeah?" Cam lifts his chin expecting a kid 'gasm. James jumped at the chance.

"Right! You should call yourself...ready?....Lightmare."

"Lightmare? Sounds like I'm a bad guy. Huh! Lightmare...sure why not." 

"He named me Gemini. I'm a Capricorn but I get the idea. Diamond skin. Gems. Gem and I." Elle rolls her eyes.

"I thought you had something you wanted to check out before coming home." Ruby interrupts.

"On my way now. I just couldn't take off until I knew you guys were okay. Malcolm down below?"

"Thanks for the back up." Ruby shakes his hand, "Yes. He and Maddy are watching over our little Omen. I'm sure there's a diaper to change by now."

"I'll pass. Listen. Just a heads up. I'm hearing a voice in my head calling out to me. Keeps saying Come Home. Tugs pretty hard. I'm going out alone. But, I just felt you should know in case I don't come back."

"I can go with you if you need me." Sophia peps up, "I need to get my mind off of Grampa and the BF. Not you Retard." She glares at James.

"What? I wasn't even thinking that. I know you like Me. Get over it. So not my type. Danger Will Robinson. Danger." He pauses, "Ohhh! Yeah! Once I find Xander I'm building a robot." James rubs his palms together briskly.

Ruby grips his shoulders, "Slow down. Let's breath a bit before we challenge the unknown."

"You know the Challengers of the Unknown?" James jumps excitedly, "I knew you guys read comic books. Kirby is God. Ohhh, man. What if it were Jack Kirby's face that Moe saw? Way cool."

"Ignore him Harpea. He goes off on these tangents." Ruby squints toward her as she too releases herself. It was then that Ruby noticed the trickle of blood from the Ganthorians nose. Gently pointing at it Ruby offers her a sad look, "Are you alright?"

"Yes. I am fine. Where exactly is the X'Hal?"

"Oh. I guess you don't know." Ruby points directions then salutes at Cameron as he goes behind them to lift off. He let Sophia know he needed to do this alone. She looked disappointed but understood. In a flash Lightmare was gone. 

James calming down sends out a mental message, "Come in Lightmare. Lightmare come in."

Cameron chuckles, "In my head already. Damn Kid."

"Sorry. I just wanted to test the distance of my telepathy. If you need me just yell maybe I'll hear you."

"Will do. Keep everyone safe while I'm gone." Cam sighs, "Lightmare out." Gone baby gone.

The pilot Mav'Ryk scans for distance and familiar objects with his instruments. Discovering the X'Hal in the desert. Elle beside him looks out the window, "Is that our T-Rex running across the desert?"

Harpea ponders, "They own a dinosaur?"

"Yep. Gaicazar's going for a ride." Ruby shares a glance.

"He's helping Greta search for her cows." James adds, "Sorry. Just checking on them. Only reading thoughts. Not talking to them. I'll hush now." James Ian shies away expecting Ruby to scold him.

"Good. Let their thoughts be their own. Why don't you go check on Animahni, Elle. She's probably terrified."

"Yeah. She headed for the nearest bathing tube. Only place she feels safe I think." Elle steps away. Harpea understood the empathic nature of the Hybrids her race produced. Evolution was her peoples highest priority. Animahni appeared more civilized than most. Harpea would keep an eye on the girl.

As the X'Orr grew closer to the Hilton Mav'Ryk turns toward Harpea and Ruby, "Where should I land the X'Orr?"

"How about that area to the west of the crops and the cargo containers. Pretty much open space except for a few old boats and planes. Rotted anyway. We scavenged them and there's not much left of them to offer. Their owners long gone."

With a nod from his Leader Mav'Ryk circled the area making certain nothing would damage them upon landing. Landing gear spreading out unlike the X'Hal whose gear was crushed under the weight of their collision on Pangaea. Settled in a massive dust cloud the X'Orr powers down. At ease Mav'Ryk sits back, "Might I partake in a drink of Yervunian Ale?"

"We could all use a drink I think." Ruby looks toward Harpea.

Again nodding Harpea lets her man go, "I advise you not to drink Yervunian Ale. Your human physiology would suffer for it."

"Diarrhea?" Sophia chuckles.

"Death."

Ruby and Sophia look to each other for comfort. Then Harpea turns to Sophia, "Perhaps, you might survive. The Tyrants can consume anything. Please leave the X'Orr before they damage the X'Orr further."

"They haven't..." Harpea halts Sophia's thought showing her the gravity seat she had occupied with burn marks in it. Then her foot trail on the Bridge, "Oh. Sorry. Yeah, these new guys are a little more vicious. They'll come around. I hope."

Sophia Ridge headed down an advancing ramp. Followed by Ruby and Harpea. Harpea donning a headset to further communicate with her crew members. She ordered them to go over every single circuit in the ship. Every engine cell. She wanted the X'Orr in top condition. If stranded here she at least hoped for mobility.

"Think we can patch up the Hilton? I mean the X'Hal? I know the basement got ruptured but we might be able to weld some metal over the underside. Figure out how to power it. James doesn't think he can do it. You guys know more about the specs of the tech involved."

"Do not underestimate the boy."

"My son? Oh, I know he's smart. But, even he admitted he didn't think he could fix it to fly again."

"Your son. Strange indeed. Are you not pregnant now?"

"Yep. With him James says. I trust him. Most days." She fidgets.

"You carry a child that already exists? I was under the impression that only one version could survive in a life cycle."

"Then, how do we explain the older version?"

"Indeed. We have much to research." Harpea ponders.

"Exactly why I asked you to give my baby a real check up. James did a sonogram on me but the tech was old and might be faulty. It had been in storage on an old cargo ship Malcolm found. I presume your technology can get to the bottom of my second guessing. I mean in a way that I know for fact James is my son."

"Of course. We will get right to it. First, if I may tour the X'Hal. My cousin was on board when it vanished in time. I would like to examine its records."

"James found a bunch of video transmissions. Mainly of that guy Lucas Dorsey. The guy who killed your people."

"We shall look deeper. The Captain would have hidden documents. A daily log."

"Great. Let's start tearing this place apart. Not literally. Just a human way of saying let's look through every inch."

Harpea stares at her and takes the lead. Passing through the crops with rabbits still feasting. The rodents capturing Harpea's attention. Pausing in step she observes them all looking at Ruby. A swift glance at the Colonel Harpea looks puzzled.

"Don't ask. We have dimensional critters. So does your ship. In case you haven't noticed. I did move through the walls of one ship and into another. I had a bit of help from a mythic Sorceror. Merlin. Merwyn. Whatever."

"More mysteries to solve. I think I like it here."

"It's home. Better than out there walking until we died from sunstroke." Ruby winces. "A certain. These crops. They are of unearthly origin. I see Dyrogian Bulbs." Harpea kneels to examine them closely.

"Onions?" Ruby chuckles, "Close enough. They taste great at least."

"None of you has perished eating them? They are quite toxic."

Goddard's eyes bulge, "Really? James investigated each vegetable before allowing us to eat them. None of us has gotten...well, except for Malcolm. He snuck out some fruit from the Hilton's indoor garden. That's how he can grow in size."

"I see. The X'Hal did carry aboard and hybridize certain varieties of seeds. Your friend Malcolm was very fortunate."

"We think so. You know, now that you mention hybrids. James did say there was something alive in that garden. They grabbed what they could and sealed the door. I really don't know how some of these things survived as long as the Hilton has been trapped here. Obviously, Animahni survived. As did her friends that helped us down at the Grotto."

"Yet, another mystery. We shall examine all things in time."

"Time. Yeah lots of that." Ruby groans. Harpea concurs with a nod.

Back inside the X'Orr Madigan Ridge and Malcolm Brand stood over the gravity crib of the terror Baby Orin Ridge. He was fast asleep. Her singing helped. Malcolm could only admire her motherly traits. 

"Have you noticed that you have not accidently grown on board this ship? Perhaps you do not have to live in a cargo container any more." Maddy whispers so as not to wake Orin.

"Yeah, but one bad dream and everyone might be living in cargo containers. I better do my sleeping at least outdoors."

"True." She fidgets, "What am I to do with Obadiah's Grandfather? I cannot just let him perish here."

"You're right. As much as we all wanna play soccer using him as the ball." He grimaces, "Man, that was wrong to say. Sorry Maddy."

"Quite alright." She smiles sheepishly pretending to yell, "GOAL!"

They both knew that harm was the last thing either wanted for a baby. Still, she was right in questioning just what they could do with him. Raising him was going to be hard in Pangaea. Maddy sighs, "Imagine once Ruby gives birth. We will have two infants to coddle."

"I actually didn't consider that." He looks haunted all of a sudden, "Bad timing I know...but can a ghost still have babies?"

Maddy bulges her eyes, "I never thought of that. I never got my tubes tied. Obadiah had a vasectomy. Surely not. I died. Right?"

"Even worse. What if the older James got Sophia knocked up. Would her little friends eat the baby?" Mal cringes his expression.

"I asked that question of Sophia. Let us hope not. As much as I would love Grandchildren I somehow think that dream has passed." Maddy drifts a moment in thought, "Malcolm? Do you have any children?"

Sighing loudly he leans back against the wall, "Maybe. Back in Louisiana I hooked up with a gal named Deidre. Parents owned a Shrimp Business. Prettiest gal I ever saw back then. Once or twice before I shipped off for Iraq we shared a bed. I suppose I'll never know."

"Did you ever want children?"

"Sure. Someday. I kind of think now that I'm all screwed up inside and get bigger than my britches those thoughts might be far fetched. My luck the kid would grow big inside his or hers Momma's belly and kill the Momma. Sorry, you asked."

"That is pretty morbid. I guess I can understand your worries. That would be devastating."

"Which brings up you and I. You thinkin' we should stop risking that kind of outcome?"

"I do love Obadiah. I cannot lie to you. I worry never seeing him again. The likelihood slim. However, Elder James did say he rescued us and got us all back to the future if not 2027 I think it was."
