 Japan 2019 if Time stood still. Possibly 2020. Lost Horizon Time. Blame Milo Greyson.

"We know you both have many questions. If we can all just take a breath and remain calm our minds will open up to everything you both want to understand." Father Pryce speaks loudly in his Ganthorian form. Forsaking any illusion of his human identity. As did his wife.

"Understand? You Lizards stole my baby from me. I should kill you, not sit and listen to bullshit." Renee Ramse held her baby tightly to her bosom. 

"Let's hear them out. You've been reunited with him so that's a plus."

Renee knew Serena Dorsey was right. She just didn't have to like it. Besides if she heard correctly that Serena was related to these Lizard like aliens , that made her a lizard too. She hated lizards. Nasty things. Only good for target practice. Except she sure didn't look scaly with weird flickering eyelids like the couple. That did not stop a glaring sneer.

"Your child is very special Mrs. Ramse. I am quite certain that you have gathered that."

"Yeah. The Grey guy said that too."

"It is true. Your baby is of a celestial line of immortals. His ancestor was the first to see the face of God."

Hearing the male Pryce explain even that much perked her ears up, "Hold on. The Grey guy Milo mentioned that about the kid in my vision. The one from ancient Egypt. The kid called himself James Ian Pryce. Pretty modern name for an Egyptian slave."

Absorbing this made the Mother sit up with interest, "Immortal as we have said. When one generation passes another instantly takes his place. Your baby is the newest incarnation. When our adopted son, the last James went back in time his line was left vacant. Your baby was conceived just before the flight that claimed he and your husband. Time knew what would happen. Therefore your baby assumed the new role in this generation. He will grow to be quite remarkable. His intellect has already exceeded our James Ian at his age." Mother Pryce smiles proudly.

"Confusing." Renee fidgets, "So essentially I spoke to my child from ancient Egypt in a past body. How?"

"Of this we do not know. The James you spoke with is not your child. We believe him to be ours. Our reincarnation of James that is. In the body of an Ancestor. James must have tapped into his bloodline. We can only wait to see how this all evolves."

"James. James. James. Christ I'm getting a migraine." Renee paces about until her child pats her cleavage. Taking note she pauses to absorb everything. It was as if her baby boy was telling her to calm down, "This is so difficult to grasp. I don't even know my own son. Never even got to give him a name."

"Now is as good a time as any." Serena expresses concern with a soft smile.

Eyes trembling Renee looks directly at her. She was correct again, "I--thought I would honor Jack by naming our son Jack. Jaclyn if it had been a girl."

"I'm certain he would have liked that." Serena continues her attempts to keep Renee sane. Ignoring her own questions at the moment.

Lifting her baby's chin to look him in the eye Renee smiles, "Do you like Jack?" The little boy giggles and shakes his head no then blurts out, "JAMES." Renee creases her brow. That was unexpected. She takes a breath, "How about James Jack Ramse?" The toddler pauses then with a giddy grin nods his approval.

"There. That was easy." Serena sighs, "Mind if I speak with my family a bit. I think I need answers just as much."

"Yeah. Of course. Sorry. I'll just take James here back to my room and get to know him. We have a lot of catching up to do." She pauses to look at the Pryce's, "I know I don't need to ask permission after you officially stole him from me but is that okay?"

"Of course. You will understand our motives in time. You must trust in the fact that it was in his best interest. Many evil people would want to possess James due to his heritage. If not for us you might never know him. Enjoy getting reacquainted." Mother Pryce gives her blessing.

Stunned a bit Renee chose to stop talking and merely take her leave. Once a door closes Serena looks toward her Grandparents with a sneer, "Spill it . How did I end up in the future if my Mother was in the past?"

"The Ancestors of Milo Greyson brought you to the future over the course of billions of years. Passing you from one generation to the next. You remained a baby over those billions of years in a cryonic crib. Suspended animation. Until the time was right. You were intended to reach 2019. However you were awoken early in 1993. The Grey's that you were in possession of found your Grandfather and I. Told us that they had placed you with the family of your true Father. Lucas Dorsey. He was no longer in the picture having gone back in time during the 60's. However, his adopted children seemed to be looking for a child of their own. It seemed logical to leave you with them and let you have a normal childhood. You must know something." Father Pryce halts, "You are 27 Earth years old now. Many generations did not exist because of your suspended animation. As a celestial inheritor it is ordained that you will die at a certain age. All inheritors perish on a scheduled birthdate. You however are an enigma. To our knowledge no other inheritors have gone into a suspended life cycle. You might be the exception."

"Due to a human Father?"

"No. That would mean nothing. However it is against Ganthorian law that Royalty may join with another race. Your Mother was defiled by Lucas Dorsey."

"Hold it right there. I'm soiled as well. Such a nasty term. SeVen and I have had sex. I don't think of myself as much of a one day Queen anyway. Besides aren't you two Royalty?"

"Yes. By birth. However we relinquished our throne to search for our daughter. Once we found out where she had gone that is. When we were introduced to you as a baby there was no going back. Your Great Uncle E'Guan now rules Ganthor. Having joined your Earth in a truce. Representatives of your world live upon ours. Many followers of our regime came to Earth to join us. Assuming human identities to fit into society. The driver that brought Mrs. Ramse here was one of ours. He works for Milo."

"Alright. That explains all of the years where I felt like I was being watched."

"Yes. You were unaware at the time but we visited you last year. During one of your book signings. We were so very proud of you."

Serena becomes misty eyed, "You did? Why didn't you say something?"

"What would we say? Explaining all of this now is confusing you as it is." Father Pryce mentions. 

"Right. Yeah, it's not like you could reveal yourself without my screaming. Not too mention believing it would have been awkward to say the least." She ponders looking down at her painted toes, "So, all of this time SeVen knew. His people knew."

Father Pryce nods, "Yes. His Superiors kept your existence a secret from everyone save the Greys. Chosen as your Guardians by an ancestor of James. We presume now that the spirit of James must have inhabited that particular ancestor just as he had the one in Egypt that Mrs. Ramse encountered. He was looking out for you. Which means he somehow knew who you were. The probabilities are endless I am afraid." 

"Perhaps he knew your Mother. We can only hope." Mother adds.

"Your James as you refer to him. He didn't know his heritage?"

Mother sighs, "I believe he suspected. His computer hacking led to a deeper understanding. We have watched over the last three incarnations of James. Including Mrs. Ramses son. All grew up to be quite different in persona. The James that was lost in the Time stream was so eager to learn about everything. No matter what the subject. He had a photographic memory. At the time his abilities were far exceeding those of his predecessors. If given time his brain could have potentially opened up to telepathy among other talents."

"We do know that he began sensing his past lives toward the end of our time with him. Recalling certain images in his dreams. He was quite confused in his adolescent days." Serena's Grandfather adds.

"This whole scene is hard to accept. Why do I not look like you two? If I'm Ganthorian."

"Serena, dear. That is a very good question." Mother frowns, "We embrace you in whatever appearance you have. Our love for our Grandchild would never be misguided. Perhaps we will learn this secret together. Even with the DNA of Lucas Dorsey within you there should be a shared likeness with your Mother. You resemble her yet are very different."

"I wish I could decide if that's a blessing or a curse. I've seen photos of Lucas. Even being adopted I noticed a similar jawline. Smile. Even brow. My eyes though. Nothing like his."

"That is because your eyes favor Kym'Ani." Her Grandmother offers.

"I wish I could see a photo of her."

"Will a hologram suffice?" Mother Pryce smiles producing a palm device that she accesses with a simple rotation of its shape. Before the three of them stood a foot tall image of Kym'Ani. Serena teared up instantly.

"She was beautiful. Oh my God." Serena looked closer at the small body introduced to her.

"Indeed she was." Her Grandfather also choked up, "This image was taken during your 1960's just before she and the crew of the X'Hal vanished with Lucas Dorsey on board. To our knowledge Lucas Dorsey did not immediately know Kym'Ani was royalty. It was kept a secret. For her protection."

"Was she an only child like myself?"

The couple looks to each other for advice mentally. Slowly they agree and offer yet another vision via hologram.

"This is Kym'Ani's older sister. Your Aunt. Her name is Harpea. A wicked child. We were forced to send her away. She quite resented the fact that she might never be Queen. Our decision made when she attempted to strangle her sister. Hateful, yet quite intelligent. She grew to become a very impressive Scientist."

"Wow. She's beautiful too. I'm sorry that she grew to be so...mean."

"Yes, well, We do still love her. If not close. We have recently learned that she has disappeared. Our fears conflicted. We pray to G'Olad that she has not grown darker in her thoughts." Mother expresses with a glint of sorrow.

"We have also discovered that the General's own Great Grandfather has also vanished. He lived among our people on Ganthor as an Envoy to Earth. Only his cloned family resides there now. It has become unclear if the Elder went away to die. The starship X'Orr has been lost as well. Perhaps it too has gone back in time."

"Do you think my Aunt could be with him?"

Another shared glare toward each other the couple nod, "We do suspect."

"From what I've heard of Orin Ridge he's not such a nice man."

"He was in the beginning. A very noble man. His clone remains recognizably gentle and restrained. However, in his true body he was getting very old. Becoming less easy to like. My husband's Brother, your Uncle E'Guan has heard murmurs of a coo against him. Fearing that Harpea might try to usurp the throne. We worry that Orin Ridge might be assisting her behind the scenes. All is unclear."

"That sucks. Poor Obadiah. He never knew his Grandfather either. Great grandfather that is. This news might destroy him."

"No Ser'Ena the General is a very strong man. He will understand. His Wife and daughter are his priority. Orin would be his last worry not knowing the man."

"Still. Obadiah is a nice guy. He doesn't deserve the kind of family he comes from."

"No one should." Mother Pryce offers sadness, "If true Orin Ridge will suffer for his misdeeds. As will Harpea. Daughter or not."

Serena Dorsey received a sudden chill. She should have worn a bra. Her Grandparents must think awful of her risqué attitude. Certainly not becoming of a Princess. Covering her chest Serena drifted off in thought. So much to absorb. Most of all...where had SeVen gone?

Withdrawn from the others the Pleidian SeVen had decided to head off on his own. Locating his room on the third floor of the massive home of Milo Greyson. He too had much to ponder upon. Having broken his oath toward his people for physically engaging in romantic interludes with Serena Dorsey his earlier visions in the Destiny room that he had chosen wore heavily on him. In his visions he was hauled in front of the High Council and stripped of his rank. Banished from their society forever as well as forbidden to further his relationship with the Ganthorian Princess. Something he did not want to end. Alone for the moment the gentle giant chose to shed a tear. One that literally froze upon his cheek. A careful caress broke it away and left him depressed. This event had not happened yet but he had known long ago that his own desires would get him in trouble. Destiny was only a short time away from coming true he realized. In the vision his attire was the exact same one he was wearing this day.

Dropping to his knees SeVen held his palms over his eyes. Speaking to his inner thoughts he wished for death rather than be forced from Serena's arms. He knew he had no choices in this. By being banished from society on all levels including contact with humans he would undoubtedly die alone in some isolated domain. The sad part being Pleidian's had lengthy lifespans. He himself quite young by their standards. He could survive another 200 years. Misery indeed.

"Hey Coldilocks? Why are you on your knees? That's my job."

Lifting his chin he senses an intruder in his room. Behind him stood the Sumo Wrestler bodyguard and caretaker of Milo Greyson. He had opened SeVen's door and poked his head in. 

"I wish to be alone Buku."

"I figured. No can do. Milo's orders. He knows of your visions. Milo is very fond of you. Doing anything rash would make him sad. Me too. Besides you can always stay here in Lost Horizon."

"I cannot. The High Council will forbid Milo from sheltering me. An act of war if he disobeys. I would not bring harm upon any of you."

"How would they even know where to find you? This place defies Time and Space. It moves in and out of dimensions every day. Even time gets wonky here. A week could be a year. By the way, did you tell that General he might be here awhile?"

"I have not informed him as of yet. He would not have come had I told him."

"No salute for you. Milo will tell him."

"He will not be pleased."

"Nope. Speaking of please. I'm free tonight if you want a massage and..."

"I would not. Nor will I be free...in the sense that you have in mind. Please leave Buku, I have not the patience."

"Right. Dude I'm just trying to cheer you up ."

"An impossible feat."

"I can massage those too. Feet that is."

"Humor is not going to cheer me up. Goodbye Buku."

"Right. Yeah, time to feed that dang dragon again. If that fucker tries to singe my chest hair again I'm ripping every feather he has on him out and bringing them back here to tickle you with. You won't be the only cold guy in these parts."

"Enough Buku."

"Fine! Don't do anything stupid. I'd miss your Chris Hemsworth physique. So would Serena. Just saying."

"As I am saying, Get out!"

"Gone." Buku finally gave up.

SeVen continued his brooding. Life was far from precious.

"Cut to the chase you Lil Bastard."

Milo Greyson pauses hearing General Obadiah Ridge calling him names. Offended he steps directly up to Obadiah and leers up at him, "Lil Bastard? I'll have you know I could have let your career be ruined. Did I? Nooooooooooo. Still time."

"Ruined? What are you talking about?"

"How long you think you been here Obie?"

"A day. Too long."

"Milo agree. Stop yo bitching."

"Why do you always sound like some Chinese actor from a B-movie? You can't possibly be that racist."

"No racist. Vocab different where I come from. You think I like talking like Yoda? Calm yo light saber Big Man. Let Milo enlighten you. You been here one day. So you think. You here for a month already. Lost Horizon in a new phase since you arrive. Live with it."

"A MONTH? GOOD GOD! I'll be branded a traitor."

"Relax Obie Won. Milo got you covered. Look at monitor." Milo points toward a large monitor disguised as a Van Gogh painting which reveals an image of the General himself in his office at Fort Bragg. Jaw dropped Obadiah turns pale.

"How in the Hades?"

"Advanced Android. Take your place until you return. All yo memories. I tap into you while you here."

"Invading Earth, now my mind? I always suspected if there really were aliens on this planet we would be overrun. How dare you?"

"You rather lose face in public? You rather REGION find out you gone? Best to keep appearances."

"What if I needed to make a command decision? This could mean War. The White House. They would know the difference in me. You're a mad--"

"Man? Why thank you. Milo prefer being a man than alien in eyes. Relax and breath. From diaphragm. All good."

"It better be or I'll skin you alive."

"Like U.S. Army in Roswell? Treat my kind like animals. Pissed I am. You should be happy Milo not evil. Now shut yo yap. Or, Milo not help you save yo family."

"Above my pay grade. If what you say is true I had no hand in it so don't go blaming me for another Americans mistakes."

"Not just American, whole world. We come here to learn and help you. Advance you from primitives you still are."

"Then I guess that means you suck at your jobs. Who asked you to do that anyway?"

Milo pauses to consider that thought and reason, "Maybe you right. We interfere. Thought we were doing you favor. Boy were we wrong. What you think goes on in your country's Dulce Base? Archuleta Mesa as you call it hold my people hostage. Making them create weapons. Chemical and biological. If we evil we could kill all of you humans and take yo world. Not our style. So you be nice."

"So why haven't you broke them out? Smart guy like you."

"Long story. Milo is outcast. Too much the dreamer. I do things my way. Not of my peoples decisions. Why I hide here and be hermit. My dealings in the world done by my own Android in a human form. Never fail me yet. He run multi-billion dollar company. Easy to fool people. Even my own. That why I say let yo Android deal with yo job. If he have trouble he call home like E.T."

Noting Milo's sudden sadness Obadiah starts to add fuel to the inferno but changes his mind. The mention of being replaced in society unnerving. Taking a deep breath he channels his anger elsewhere, "Obviously I don't know the truth of the matter. When I joined the Military it was to make the world a better place. Nothing more. I believe in peace. All I ever wanted was a family and a career that mattered. To my knowledge at least I have never done anything that could have reflected on your people. If something got by me per orders I swear I had no idea."

Milo peps up, "You all good Obie. You just misunderstand us. Like most humans. Just watch X-Files. Chris Carter a smart man."

"You quote a TV show? What's next you're a Wheel of Fortune guy?"

"Show me the vowels Vanna. Give me an "O" yeah." Milo slaps his knee chuckling. Obadiah was actually suddenly amused. That quickly changed, "Alright, let's get over the joking around. You said you could help me get my family back. How?"

"That easy. We go back in time and rescue them."

Obadiah turns pale, "What was that? Back in time? You're not serious."

"You got better idea?"

"Well, no. But, that's kind of risky even if it is possible."

"Any more impossible than existing in a pocket dimension like you in now? Or, seeing the distant past in yo Vision Chamber when you arrive?"

"Speaking of that. That was just some CGI movie stuff right?"

"Oh no. That was from MEMO."

"MEMO? What the hell is MEMO?"

"It stand for, My Earth Monitoring Orbiter."

The General winces, "Are you saying a satellite?"

"Most advanced ever. I genius remember? I created MEMO and used a time device to send it back to beginning. Spare no expense. Use only immortal metals and best money can buy. Or I steal. Not everything can be bought. I get job done."
