 "Go forth. Fetch yon stick."

The German Shepard known as Xander races across the grass to retrieve a very special stick. Carefully biting down upon it he brings it back to its owner with a playful poise. Accepting the drool covered wand was a younger man in a dingy purple robe. Tethered tightly about his waist by a golden sash. A beard dangling from his chin. A twinkle in his eye.

"A well tutored pet indeed. Where dost thou hail from my hairy new friend? You are like no hound I have seen before. Art thee enchanted?"

"I'm just a dog." He hears in his thoughts prompting the man to stand emotionless. Eyes wide without blinking. Quite unexpected even for a man who occasionally read minds.

"You speak as if a man. Hath a spell been cast upon you? A man turned into a hound by the darkest of magicks?"

"No. My Master placed a telepathic chip in my head so he and I could talk. You're my Master. I can smell him on you. Throw the stick again. This is fun."

"I know not what gibberish you offer canine. Yet it does indeed amuse me. Try not to bite through my wand. I would hate for it to turn thee into a toad."

"Xander careful Master."

"I fear I am not your Master. An honor must go to another."

"Xander not wrong. You Master James. Except you older. No matter. Going to get stick now." He bolts after the wand being cast one last time. The Magician fidgeting at the unusual dog. Strong magic indeed. Returning once more with tail wagging he drops it at the man's boots. Sitting patiently until his head was patted for being good.

"Art thee certain that ye are not Morgana Le Fey? A shape shifter come to steal one of my books?" In reply Xander rises and starts sniffing the ground. Darting about until he reaches a gnarled tree stump. From there he proceeds to hike his hind leg and urinate. The man cocks an eye brow, "Most certainly not the Witch."

Merwyn nods rubbing his beard before returning to his work. A task given, with no time further to waste. His King had need of his skill. His loyalty beyond question. Now where did he put that book most recently procured?

 Pangaea in another dimension all together.

"Alright people." Ruby Goddard had called a meeting outside in the sun. Humans, Hybrids, Ganthorian alike, "James Ian has informed me that Cameron Scott is in trouble. I know we just got settled here but Cam is family. We would look out for our own." She turns to Harpea and her crew members, "That means you as well. We will back you up as long as you offer the same assistance. Friends and allies from this day forward." All eyes on her leadership skill a general consensus was drawn. The Ganthorians eying their own leader Harpea for confirmation. As Scientists they would be little help in the field. Unless ordered. Harpea lifts her right hand with a clenched fist. Her people knowing that meant she had given an oath.

"We stand with you Ruby Goddard." Harpea acknowledges.

"Thank you Harpea. Each and every one of you. Family in my eyes."

Beside her on a crate sat Malcolm Brand, "What did Cam get into now?"

"Not sure. Something about a pyramid that sat under the dunes, next to that cavern opening we flew out of earlier today. I want you to lead a recon team out there and see if you can determine where Cam might have gone. If he went inside there has to be a door. James lost mental contact with Cam shortly after he called for help. We all know Cam's new power set. If he's in trouble it must be bigger than he can handle." Ruby looks toward Elle Franklin across from her standing beside the hybrid beauty Animahni. Looking pale in the sun. Her body used to being hydrated.

"Elle? Go with Malcolm. I'd ask Animahni but she looks as if she's ready to pass out. Might want to head inside and cool off."

"I am fine Colonel Goddard. I wish to be of assistance." The red skinned Goddess expressed.

"You look horrible. Until we can find a way to keep you cool you--" Ruby is interrupted by James Ian racing down the ramp of the X'Hal. 

"Already on it Mom." He sprints toward her with his new friend and past incarnation Moe dogging his heels on all fours like a chimpanzee. James held a life fiber suit that looked wet. 

"What's this?"

"I sensed Animahni suffering. So I hurried and got some life fiber. She needs to put this on fast before it dries. Once on it will stay moist to compensate her needs. Wet suit that stays wet as long as she wears it."

With a thin smile Ruby nods to pass it off to Animahni. The hybrid Amphibian looking to Elle first before accepting it. The coolness of the fabric instantly brought on a smile. With very little haste she disrobes in front of everyone. Wearing a long tee shirt belonging to Elle. Elle chuckled lightly at her inability to worry about what others think. Ruby again covered the eyes of James. James in turn covering the eyes of Moe. Not that it mattered. James had already perfected the ability to see through the eyes of others through brain perception. 

The Ganthorians themselves watched her nudity and admired her curves. Their work always came first. Although not officially designing this young woman the deceased Scientists of the X'Hal did a commendable job. Harpea could only roll her eyes. Men! The fit of the life fiber like a second skin Animahni grins sheepishly. The wet fabric instantly making her cells feel much better. With a giddy laugh she hugs Elle's arm.

"Alright Animahni. You can go along. Stay close to Elle."

"No problem there Colonel." Eleanor Franklin winks, "Okay Big man. Break us out some Technorides and let's boogie."

Harpea clears her throat, "I would offer my fellow Scientist Mav'Ryk to join them. In good faith." Mav'Ryk perking up with interest. A Scientist first and foremost he did enjoy getting out of his comfort zone. Piloting the X'Orr earlier brought his needs to the surface.

"Thank you Harpea. Mav'Ryk? We appreciate your help." Ruby motions her thanks with a tilted nod and warm smile. Without a true expression Mav'Ryk returns her nod with an ever so slight smirk. He in turn extends his nod toward his superior officer Harpea. "I shall join you in procuring the Technorides Malcolm Brand."

"Sounds like a plan Cruise." The two men step away into the X'Orr and head for the shuttle bays. The Ganthorian had no idea why he was referred to as Cruise.

Ruby lowers her hand finally and leers at James, "Perverts." 

Moe lowered his gaze. James had no hopes of hiding things from her ever again. She was on to his tricks. Shoving him aside slightly Ruby rolled her own eyes with a helpless sigh, "Harpea? A word in private please."

Joining Ruby in her walk along the cargo container wall Harpea held her wrist behind her back awaiting conversation. Ruby felt the need for privacy. 

"Truly I cannot thank you enough for your help. I know we started off on the side as enemies but now that I'm carrying the next incarnation of your sister I hope that draws us closer."

With a timid growl Harpea holds her bitterness in control, "A human carrying a Ganthorian child is forbidden. Incarnation or not. Referring itself as my sister is...preposterous. Yet, until I fully understand I will be your right arm."

"You and your real sister didn't get along did you?"

Eyes narrow, "We...had our moments."

"Can you look past those moments? You do want to rescue her from Dorsey right?"

Pausing to grit her teeth Harpea lowers her gaze, easing her temperament, "I do."

"Without harm once she's saved?"

"Your words wound me Ruby Goddard. In this world she is all I truly have."

Ruby takes a risk and reaches out to obtain Harpea's hand. Dragging her palm to caress Ruby's stomach. With a warm smile Ruby acknowledges that untruth, "You have her too. Aunt Harpea."

The Ganthorian Commander looks with a sudden temptation to express emotion. Resisting she reclaims her hand, "Indeed. I would ask you not to think too much on this...family dynamic. We are of two worlds you and I."

"I think you will come around just fine. Care to run those tests now? Maybe see your Niece through a sonogram? I could also use a better understanding of my amped up body chemistry. This golden skin of mine looks nice and all but I'm used to the milky white me. Energizing up feels great but it can be damaging. I won't lie I worry I might hurt someone. It's like my body goes into hyper adrenalin. I get really strong. Really fast. Every muscle saying Fight."

"Curious. Perhaps the children."

"James calls it defense mechanism. Not so much mine but as if James the fetus is protecting us by juicing my cells with energy. Now I have two babies in the oven. If that happens again I might not be able to control it. I do want a safe pregnancy ."

"Agreed. Come. Let us...see the children."

"Auntie just grinned. Don't deny it." Ruby teases Harpea. She only received a gruff "Humans."

As Elle Franklin armed herself in the weapons depot she chose a big gun. An Ion rifle and an energy dagger. Her faithful bandolier of hydraulic spears over her chest and about her waist. Translator collar on. Snooping about she locates a few of James Ian's drones that had not been destroyed. Placing them in a knapsack also over her shoulder she considered as much as possible. They might be useful in getting them inside a pyramid. If not themselves she could send them on ahead to explore for them. Beside her Animahni checked out the armory as well. Never truly utilizing a weapon she could only admire the variety of guns, blades, and automatons. Gravitating toward the shiny she discovers a pair of wrist gauntlets. More cuffs than anything. Curiously she tilts her head from side to side. Her long black hair drooping over her gaze.

"What'cha find Beautiful?"

"I do not know. I see myself in them."

"Mirror, mirror, On the wall. Who has the sweetest ass during a booty call?"

"Me?" Animahni leans forward but looks up at Elle with bright eyes. 

"Hey now! I can see my reflection in those too." The women share a laugh. It was nice to feel close to somebody. They had certainly found each other, "Try them on. We can ask James or one of the Lounge Lizards what they do."

"Should I? They might be dangerous."

"Probably." Elle shakes her head and removes them from their containment unit. Examining them closer she finds nothing special about them. Until she clinks them together. Suddenly sensitive vibrations send shockwaves out knocking other armaments from their lodging in a clatter. Both women felt the vibrations in very intimate places. Their eyes flaring wide with their lips forming a tight circular gasp of, "Holy shit."

"Dangerous is right. Another clang of these and I'll have an orgasm." Elle huffs with a light whistle.

"I liked it." Animahni shudders claiming them from Elle for herself. Slipping them over her wrists the metal contracts automatically for a tighter fit. Almost as if hand cuffs. Yet not restraining her. With a nibble to her bottom lip Animahni dares to clang them together once again. The waves do not effect her this time. Elle however dropped her arms just to grab a shelf. Her entire body quivering and reacting to the pulse. 

"You did that on purpose." Elle touches her inner thighs and rubs herself, "Now is not the time for sex toys."

"I am not sorry." The stunning hybrid flicks her tongue out at Elle then swivels on her heal before walking out. She would keep her new jewelry . Better or worse.

"Dear Lord. That girl is gonna be the death of me."

Elle Franklin crystalizes her body just to detach her nerve endings from the aftershock. Remaining in her diamond state she gathers her weapons and heads outside. Smiling every step of the way.

Outdoors Malcolm and Mav'Ryk were waiting with twin Technorides. The Ganthorian pilot having changed from his Scientist robes into a Life Fiber suit of his own. Wearing also a utility belt for certain scientific tools he might need in the field. Like Animahni he too needed something to contain his body temperature. Seeing Elle and Animahni mount one of the bikes Malcolm hadn't thought much about the close seating arrangement. Rubbing the back of his neck the tall black man grins at Mav'Ryk. 

"You would rather ride alone?" Mav'Ryk tilts his head curiously.

"Nothing against you Buddy. Little claustrophobic is all."

"Because I am a male?"

"There is that. I'll be right back. No offense." Tugging at the neck of his black t-shirt Malcolm headed back inside the X'Orr. Leaving the Ganthorian puzzled. 

"None taken." 

Inside the X'Orr Madigan Ridge found herself gravitating more and more toward the newly christened infant Orin Ridge, the devolved Great, Great Grandfather of her husband Obadiah. The whole scenario was fresh and traumatizing to say the least. While the adult version of Orin Ridge was despicable he was now reduced to being a helpless baby. So she thought. Unknown to her the infant was quite aware of who he was. All an act to maintain his cover. Helpless only in body. Not in mind. That would change. For now? Only his diaper needed changing. Something Madigan had not done since her daughter Sophia was a baby. The motherly instinct took over. 

"Hello there Orin." Maddy leers over his gravity bed turned crib. He had deactivated it mentally recently to garner his surroundings. Biding his time while things were still chaotic. Once everyone had settled down and were involved in other things he would strike. In the meantime Orin kicked his feet and giggled as Madigan tickled his toes.

"No fair Cow. I never used to be ticklish." He rumbled within his mind, "Change my diaper Goddamit! The smell is atrocious."

That she did. After relieving the Ganthorian nursemaid assigned to his care Maddy found life fiber diapers next to the crib. Sanitary towels assisted in cleaning his behind. A dab of powder to his chaffing and the fiber placed upon him he was good as new. Orin smiled his thanks, then looked up at his Grandson's wife with a brief admiration. She was going out of her way to keep him safe. A glint of respect altered his earlier curses. Regardless of his situation however he had plans. This obstacle due to the Mercurio in the Tempora Grotto would not keep him a prisoner. His earlier mission to see the face of God and become the new Immortal had not changed. There was always a plan B. In time. For now Madigan's monotonous "Coochie! Coochie! Coo!" was delightful. For a ghost she certainly had a way with haunting. He couldn't stop laughing. Damn her.

James Ian and Moe had isolated themselves in James private lab. Having to slap the primitives hands for getting into literally everything was a challenge. Curiosity of the unknown common to those who had never seen such things.

"Dude! Stop already. Just sit there and be quiet. I need to try communicating with Cameron again. I'm worried."

"Good Cameron or Bad Cameron? Moe like both." Moe spoke with the assist of his translator collar. His English pretty good considering his less than evolved vocal cords.

"Same person Dude. Of course you do."

"Even when he hurt Lucy. Where Lucy? Where Pretty Sabbath? Where Gomez? Where...?"

"I DON'T KNOW! ZIP IT!" James clamps a hand over Moe's mouth. Not a smart move. Slobber coated his palm leaving him with a grossed out expression. A towel used to clean his hand he glares at his former incarnate, "Sorry. Please be quiet for about ten minutes. I know you have hundreds of questions. Go take a walk. Come back later I'll teach you how to play Tic Tac Toe or something."

"Moe like toes." He lifts his leg high without effort and squeezes his monkey like digits. Seeing James grow red in the face Moe finally took the hint and hopped from his countertop seat. Hobbling away James sighed. So cool having a friend his age but he felt a sense of dread. His newfound ability to read minds long distance was so cool. He wanted to test it further. His concern for Cameron the best choice.

Eyes sealed he controls his breathing and calls out, "Cam? Are you out there?"

Nothing. He would keep trying. 

As he continued to make further attempts Moe explored the halls of the X'Hal. So much to visualize and process in his unevolved mindset. Everything was intriguing. Even the rabbit in the hallway. The one by the glowing wall. Eyes bright by the sight Moe scurried closer. The rabbit sitting there as if waiting. Reaching the wall Moe was more interested in the rabbit than the glow. Dropping next to the rabbit he sits there tilting his head from left to right.

"Big ears? Why you inside? Food outside. Moe hungry he think. Big ears hungry?"

A light pulse from the wall captures Moe's attention. His eyes sparkling at the shimmer. Of course being a primitive he was color blind. Seeing only in black and white like most in the animal kingdom. Still, he knew the difference in hues. While sitting there Moe heard something strange through the wall. Barking.

"You hear it too?" Moe reacts to the voice from behind. James in his guilt followed his friend. After no luck getting through to Cam he gave up and went in search of Moe. 

"What make noise?" Moe points at the wall.

James standing reaches over Moe and the rabbit to touch the wall. Listening closer he hears the barking yet again. He hadn't noticed the two drones hovering along the ceiling. They were in use before the whole debacle five miles below the surface. Watching over things. Including..."It's got to be him. Xander?" His attention drawn to the wall one minute, the orbs the next. Finally, he looks up, "Did you two record my dog going through the wall like Ruby had?"

A sudden light expels from the orbs revealing images on the wall of Xander doing just as presumed. The video feed vanishing just as quickly. He knew he was glad he had tinkered with the drones to make them valuable assets. The wall however was solid as James probes sections. Moe too began slapping the wall as if trying to help. It took the rabbit to move closer to the barrier before the hands of James Ian suddenly passes through the obstruction. Eyes bulging as Moe's hands also journey past the exterior. With zero warning Moe charges through and vanishes.

"HEY! WAIT UP." In seconds James too darted through the wall. Joined by the two drones. Only the rabbit sat in the hallway. It was suddenly feeling hunger pangs. Lettuce sounded good. Off it went. The corridor returned to normal.

On the other side of the wall James found Moe rolling around in the grass. The smell of salt in the air from a sea breeze. James in awe of his surroundings danced in circles. Feeling the freshness of the air. The scent of foliage. Butterflies even fluttered about. The sun high in a cloudless sky.

"WooooooooooW!" James laughed just before diving into the grass and wrestling with Moe. Both amused by this paradise and the freedom it felt upon them. Calming down they sit up as the drones lower to join them. James realizing they had followed smiled. Thankful just in case they might be needed defensively, "Okay, you two deserve names. Seeing as you recorded Xander let's go with Movie Directors. How about Scorsese and Kubrick?" As if the orbs understood him. Hopping up James looks around him. Forest everywhere with rolling hills. Hearing barks in the distance made him smile, "Come on Moe. It has to be Xander." The two race across the hills following the barking that comes and goes. The drones in hot pursuit. Reaching the top of a high hill they spot something that James hadn't pictured.

"A castle. Medieval by the looks of it. Ruby...Mom said she visited Merlin. Maybe this is our chance to see him too." James Ian was giddy, "Off to see the Wizard, Buddy. Come on." Moe enjoyed their frolic. This was so much nicer than the deserts of Pangaea. Less predators as well. The Hills were alive with the sound of..."Music? Where did that come from?" James halts in step. Moe accidently running past him before tumbling and looking back with a strange expression. His version of, "What the hell Man."
