 Addison Rogers slumped over the wooden railing of her newly freed Spanish Warship the Ceville. Still recovering from her near fatal clash with her Djinn possessed Captain. Its demonic powers nearly killing her entire crew over the time they were prisoners. 

Sapping life energy like a Vampire yet not feeding on their flesh and bones itself. Those on occasion went to the Djinn's pet a baby Pterodactyl. Fatigue ordinarily unlike her due to her body's enhanced cells. Her gift by the U.S. Military in their quest for perfect soldiers. She was a fighter. A trait her Aunt inspired her to be. 

Between her battle and very close encounter with a broken neck, Combined with a tiny bit of Fer-de-Lance venom she exposed herself too in having forced upon sex with Jack Ramse her body was out of kilter. Still, she owed her life to Jack. All of her crew did. Even though they were not worthy. The things they allowed themselves to do to he and his friends were unforgivable. She had given the permission to rape poor Bianca TeLeone. Not in her right mind at the time after spending so long under the Djinn's influence. Time at sea on a strange world messes with a persons mind. Compile that to finding out Jack knew her Aunt Ruby Goddard only made this whole charade that much harder. Her pirating days were over. Most likely her life as well. 

Addison swears under her breath as she peers toward the island a good mile distant, "I promise you Jack. I'll make it up to you and Bianca. Even if I die trying." Bianca might just accept that promise of dying. No such thing as trying to. If she only knew the fury brewing in a poor young beauty from Crete. In time Addison Goddard-Rogers would know her mistakes. Ten fold.

Feeling something rubbing up against her leg Addison looks down to see a lithe black cat purring and watching her distress. Tempted to nudge it aside she recalls the fact that in battle this cat was not only a stunning Nubian Goddess but a massive black Sabretooth tiger. Pissing it, her off might not be smart. Instead she chooses to sigh, "I don't know what you are Kitty cat but I do appreciate your help in liberating my crew. I'm trying to decide our best move. Jack is in danger out there. That ship hovering over the island cannot bode well."

Pacing about the cat chooses to finally leap up to the railing beside her elbow. Rolling its cheek on her bicep it finally sits up and stares toward the island. For some reason Addison felt compelled to stroke the cats fur.

"I hope petting you like this doesn't offend you. We being girls after all. It just felt right." 

Choosing to turn away and leap back down to the deck the cat changes form. This time into her natural humanoid body. A stunning black Goddess with a Mohawk over a hairless scalp. At a height of roughly 5'7 the Goddess joins Addison in leaning beside her on the rail. Without a word they stare at the island. The cat returning the favor of petting Addison's red mane. 

"No offense taken." The woman whispers, "I worried that ship was sent by my Father. However it is not Osirian made. I believe it to be Hordakian. Nasty pigs. If they are here they were sent by somebody. Certainly not my Father. They would be drained of life by now."

"Drained?" Addison swallows dryly, "Like our Captain Mordecai was doing? Leeching off of our life forces?"

"Yes. My Father has survived millions of years. Taking lives as needed to keep himself youthful. Keeping all of our family young."

"You don't sound like you care for him much."

"He was a cruel Father. Forcing his children to pursue a similar cruelty. I could not live like that. It took me a very long time to escape him. When our people imprisoned us here at the beginning of this worlds life I knew I had my chance. I woke up early. My life given new reason to live. My family will revive soon. I can feel my Father's life force. It is still weak but he is searching for me. This is why I stay in the catlike form. Of smaller mind it makes it difficult to track."

"Are...you a Leech too?"

"I have that ability yes. However, I was born with a gift far more precious. I cannot die. I cannot age as my Father does. He has often tried to take my life energy but he does not succeed. Choosing to love me regardless. As a Sire I must love him in return. Yet, I do not wish to see him ever again. I fear that might not be foretold. He will come for me. All of my brothers and sisters shall. Even my Grandfather should he escape his bonds. Let us hope he does not. Not even Father could survive my Grandfather."

"Bad boy Gramps?" Addison winces.

"A conqueror. A man of unlimited power. A creator as he so chooses."

"Sounds delightful. Not really. I'm sorry your family is...difficult."

"Whatever my future holds I will side with good people. Jack Ramse is one of those. I wish I could say that you were. That I am afraid is presumptuous."

"I know. I've made my bed with demons. I'm prepared to go out swinging. Just so you know? The decisions I've made this past week is very unlike me. I really never expected us to survive the Djinn. We lived for the moment. I do regret everything but I know that there is no forgiveness for what I allowed. My Aunt would be really disappointed in me. She's trapped in this world too. Came here with Jack. I think they're lovers. Which really upsets me now that I suckered Jack into having sex with me. Like I said unforgivable. I know Jack said to stay here but I feel compelled to go to that island and rescue him. Who knows what he might be facing."

Bastia eyes the coast and nods, "I can see a great distance. He is deep inland. The Hordakians will not give up until he is found. If that is indeed their mission. When I first met Jack on the cliffs that Helena resided upon we were attacked by a force I have not witnessed in many lifetimes. A mere Man...a human named Lucas Dorsey as Jack calls him destroyed the cliffs with a mere thought. As if he could see Jack's every move. Perhaps even into his future. Not even Wretch...Helena could foretell his attack."

"I've never officially met Dorsey but I have heard of him. He lives way up North. Arctic circle if it were in my time of 2036. All ice. Now? I think it might be paradise. Once the Captain got possessed by the Djinn we never got the chance to step on to land again. So making any journey that far North was impossible. If even the waterways might allow a ship this size to reach him. All I know is he obtained something of great power and convinced other alien civilizations to fall under his rule. If he does have that much power it might be safer to avoid him."

"Jack will go after him." Bastia shares insight.

"Then, if I live long enough I'll fight right beside him. I owe this not just to Jack. But, to my Aunt. Seeing her again would be awesome. But, not as the evil person I have become. Pretty ashamed of myself."

"As you should be. I do however sense your heart. Perhaps you can be saved."

"Thanks...Bastia right?"

The ebony beauty shivers, "A name I wish to leave behind. I would rather be unknown than go by that namesake."

"That bad? Okay, so what do I call you? Kitty just doesn't fit you. You're a warrior. I can tell."

"What do you suggest?"

Pondering a moment Addison smirks, "My dad was a Detroit Tigers fan. Not that they won much. Still they fought hard. Warriors in my mind. What do you think of Detroit? That city does make cars that purr like a kitten." A wink makes Bastia tilt her head.

"Detroit. It does have a warrior tone. Yes, call me Detroit."

"Detroit it is. I hope to prove myself worthy to be a friend."

"As do I."

Their attention returned to the island.

In the First mates quarters the Oracle Helena, alias Wretch, feeds the paralyzed Leprechaun Lowball a bit of fish soup. Wiping his chin on a cloth. Her watery eyes glistening the runt in his metallic stability bed formed from his axe through Iota's magic could see his reflection. He was miserable.

"Ye should just toss me over the side of this boat. It be over quick." He growls trying to speak through dry lips.

"I do not envision your death. For some reason I cannot see you at all. Outside of being here face to face before you." Wretch appeared troubled.

"Why be that? Lowball thought ye could see the future."

"I can. There are events that appear to be in flux about you. As if uncertain. I shall ponder on your destiny. Forgive me my friend I must stretch my legs."

"Lucky you." He grimaces the best he could, "I be the Leprechaun here. Where be my luck?"

"I--am sorry for my choice of words. Rest. I shall return to feed you more."

"Empty me pee bucket." He was fortunate to not have a ruptured kidney. Crew members ordered to assist him into a cradle on end to offer him the freedom to dispense his bodily fluids. Among other nasty things that required their help. He felt shame for anybody having to not only live this way but for those who assisted against their wishes. Wishes. For death his only wish. A wish denied. For now.

Wretch stepped outside after claiming the bucket. The Brit Kensington offering his services to her. As mean as the Brit used to be he owed them all his life. He would repay them. 

Across the pond, running was a necessity. Jack Ramse reluctantly left the side of Bianca at the behest of a cadre of Amazon streakers. Beautiful women of toned muscles and striking eyes. Silky hair that flowed down over their spines. Diversity hitting home as White meets Black meets Asian. Without hearing any voices it was difficult to ascertain what nationality they truly were. He had only heard one, the leader a leggy blond named Grace. Or, so Pan referred to her by name. Good enough. She was indeed Graceful. Leaping over fallen tree trunks with bare feet without so much as a strain or a scratch. Even through briar bushes not a single prick was evident. The only true scars he found on their backs. Surely, this Circe must have whipped them into shape. Shape. They certainly were. In shape. Shapely. 

"Dammit Ramse...keep your hormones in check. No time for lust. I don't even know why I left Bianca. They warned me she was changing. I saw her legs. Hairy as hell. Her muscles looking as if she was on an unhealthy steroid binge. What did I get her into?" He thought as he ducked another branch. His stride keeping up with the Amazons. Only Dr. Trevor Stevens stumbled a bit along the way. His goat like legs made for rocky terrain more so than the thicket. His excessive drinking wasn't helping. Jack had take a few swigs of the wine. It was definitely tasty. Sociable or stress relief. He was not sure why he accepted the drink. He had let his guard down far too often of late. Trading one venom for another wasn't smart.

"Keep moving. We're almost in the safe zone." Grace called out to her band of beauties. Jack looked back then skyward. Above the trees were flying cycles. Searching for something. If not him then it must be this Circe woman Pan spoke of. A Polish woman who came here with Trevor. A woman who chose to strike out on her own it appeared. Calling herself Circe meant there must be more to her story. He was about to find out. Hearing rushing water Jack burst through a final set of trees and bush. On the other side forced him to stop in his tracks. Behind him Pan collides with Jack shoving him forward unexpectedly.

"Sorry ole Boy. This is one place I'd rather not hang out in. Safety in numbers they say. Even if Circe gave me the boot. Or should I say hoof?"

"What is this place?" Jack winced. All around him were pillars of Grecian architecture. A waterfall that should not exist under such a small island. It rose up at least twelve stories. Impossible. Beautiful women were everywhere. All nude. If counting he might calculate fifty plus. All stretching out in the sun or poised for battle. 

"I'd say paradise. Don't count on that Jackie." Pan pats his shoulder.

"Where did all of these women come from? They couldn't possibly be from Poland too."

"Ways from there actually. You'll figure it out soon enough. In the meantime at least were safe from the Piggy's."

"Piggy's? You mean the aliens on the flying bikes?"

"Hordakians." He hears a feminine voice in his head. Leering about he discovers the source. A stunning brunette with flowers in her hair. Nude herself yet her body painted in what appeared to be a tribal tattoo. Her chest bountiful. A true Goddess he had to admit hiking a brow at her stimulating arrival.

"Circe I presume?" He calls out.

"I am. Who might you be my Handsome Warrior?"

"Jack Ramse. Are the Flying Pigs after me or you?"

"Undoubtedly both of us. I can only speak for myself. They showed up here looking for slaves to a gentleman known as Dorsey. A work force it seems. I did not question it. I merely told them to leave or die. They died." She hesitates, "Well, most of them that is. Some of them have managed to evade our hunting parties. They are quite delicious."

"Cannibals?" Jack glares at Pan.

"I wouldn't call them that. She did turn them into real pigs. Last time I checked they were part of the animal kingdom."

"They WERE human like. I call that cannibalism." Jack shakes his head, "I know of Dorsey. He's not any friend of mine. Matter of fact I'm heading to kill him. He has a Princess held captive. I aim to rescue her."

"How gallant of you Mister Ramse." Circe beguiles, "For your own safety and ours I cannot permit that. Besides, why would you want to abandon my lovely entourage? All would love to pleasure you. Is that not true, Delilah?" Circe lifts the chin of a gorgeous woman of Hindi origin. The woman smiles and consents, touching her clitoris right before Jack's eyes. Beside him Trevor Stevens pants. Of course he would be denied. A goat could dream.

"I'll pass. My friend Bianca needs me."

"Ah, yes. The Ewe. I'm afraid she won't need anyone shortly. Once the Hordakians discover her she will be hauled away in chains. Slave to Dorsey."

"Ewe? What is she changing into? Did you do that to her?"

"Of course not. She wears a ring does she not?"

Jack narrows his eyes, "The ring is causing her to change into something? A goat?"

"Far more than a goat I'm afraid. You see, I possess the original ring before it was lost in time."

"Original? Same ring?"

"Yes. However, the ring she wears is cursed. In hours she will no longer be human. The ring was forged by Gods you see."

"Gods. Goddesses. That's all I seem to hear lately. I've even been called a God. I'm just a man."

"Are you Mister Ramse? I sense things in your bloodstream that say otherwise."

"Osirian blood. I've heard. I'm not buying that crap."

"More than your bloodline Dear Jack. The scarab that gave you your arm back...yes I know of your arm. I can see the past. I see much. Including your son...James is it? Your other child still in the womb. Oh, the same child. How intriguing." She lowers her eyelids smiling, "Oh my. Yet another child within the Mother. One not human. Puzzling. I will research this further. For now I insist that you enjoy what I offer. Carza? Offer Jack some wine."

"No thanks." Jack waves off the tall raven haired Carza.

"He had a bit of my own stock." Pan winks at Circe.

"Did he now?" She grins sheepishly, "Well done Trevor. I might offer you your humanity back for...no perish the thought."

"Beastly." Pan rolls his eyes. He knew her too well.

"What is she talking about" Jack reaches out and snatches Pan by the tunic, "Did you drug me?"

"A teeny weeny bit." His fingers produce a size equivalent to an inch gap before Jack's eyes.

"Unbelievable. You're working with her."

"Working for. Working with sounds as if equivalent." Circe scolds Jack, "We all know that Women are far superior."

"She wasn't always so...into the ladies." Pan grits his teeth with flaring eyes.

Feeling lightheaded Jack growls, "Not again."

Down our Soldier went.

"Have fun Ladies. Produce some daughters." Circe motions with a fan of her arms. The Amazons surrounding Jack. So much for clothing. Behind them Pan winces. He felt badly for Jack. So many women so little energy. He did envy the mighty erection he shouldn't have in his drugged state. Maybe he was a God.

"Poor Fellow. I'd offer to take a few off your hands but they aren't into bestiality. Just my luck, eh?" Awkwardly, Trevor Stevens eventually turned his head. Jack's rape hardly appealing. Not even the moans of beautiful women could make Pan realize his humanity. Animal indeed. 

"Ooooh Grass. Yummy."

While observing her Amazon subjects Circe looks to the skies. The Hordakians soaring above by the dozens. Her cloaked empire hidden from their vantage point. Stepping away Circe enters her abode and finds solace. A wading pool at her feet of which she steps down into and stands with water up to her waist. Fingers swirling the liquid mixing with her body paint that trickles and mixes she views the past. Of a man known as Lucas Dorsey walking across a barren desert. Wearing a crown upon his head. Alien technology. Some device that gave his mind enhanced abilities. A starship that picks him up and takes him elsewhere. Called down by Dorsey and made slaves. From there his rule began. Building resources. Tapping into technologies through their support. Exploration she sees Dorsey discovering an escape pod. Within a Ganthorian girl. The Princess Jack spoke of. A very beautiful woman...for a lizard. A sudden vision of their discovery of a black mountain takes Circe's breath away. She had seen Mount Everest in pictures. This mountain dwarfed it in size. How was that possible?

"Power derived from the Mountain Mister Dorsey? With this kind of power none will be safe for long. Not even I. Something must be done about that."

Further study would be needed. In the meanwhile Circe lowers her body deeper into the water to obtain a metallic box. A very recognizable box at that. Gleaming gold. With a palm print upon its lid. Stepping to the edge of the pool she rests the box on to the outer rim. Her DNA opening the box with ease. Peering within she locates a tray of rings. Twelve rings in all.

"Hello my Heavenly Trinkets." She explores them before plucking the Rams head ring from its bedding. Poised before her she notes its eyes shimmer. As if recognizing its power divided. A mate was somewhere out there. Circe knew it. Having seen Bianca TeLeone wearing it on her sailboat. Alongside Jack. Her misery at the manly misdeeds of Pirates. Empathy for the moment. Bianca was a stunning creature. She would have fit in quite well here beside she and her Amazons. Shaking it off she places the ring back into its nest. Smiling at yet another ring. This one a blue diamond. So mesmerizing. So utterly useless otherwise. Circe had no clue what it did. Unlike the others rings. Each of great power. A secret kept from all others. One that she held close to the vest. She herself enjoying the taste of power.

"Such delightful moans. Have fun my Angels."

Jack Ramse knew nothing but felt everything. One hell of a date rape drug. .

Across the island atop a rocky incline that led to a pasture with a vineyard stood a stone house. The home of Trevor Stevens. A residence abandoned for safety. A shelter for the sick. A tomb if not careful.

"We have located a stone domicile Commander S'Lopp. Investigating further." Reports a Hordakian soldier. His Technoride lowering to the grass. Joined by five other soldiers they disembark their bikes and arm themselves with sonic guns. A careful inspection of the grounds found a lone chicken pecking the ground for food. Sheep grazing in the distance. Silence otherwise. Not for long. A loud roar makes each of them jump and stand ready to engage whatever it was that made such a menacing sound.

"Spread out. Survey the interior."

Six soldiers approach from different angles. Circling the stone and mud abode like stalking panthers. Easing their way in expecting the unexpected. They got what they bargained for. Peering through a window a shameless soldier glances over potted plants in a makeshift flowerbox along its sill. All is quiet. Only dangling herbs from rafters swaying in the breeze. Nerves calming he motions to his field command that he saw nothing of import. As did two others. Finally, at the front door a soldier kicks it in violently. Here the shock came. Just inside the woodland Sprite known as Iota feigns being caught in the nude, covering her breasts and inner thighs with a look of embarrassment. The soldier at first overlooked O'tah due to her size then once discovering her bulged his eyes. Before he could even move his lips to warn others she zipped by his visor and out into the open air. Not before snatching up a stretch of his tunic and dragging him off of his feet. Boots in the air she flung him thirty feet. The others were caught off guard by her moves. She used his body as camouflage to mask herself. That spooked the men into thinking a ghost might be present.
