 "HOT COCOA! MORE HOT COCOA! I DEMAND HOT COCOA!"

Milo Greyson had very little need for sleep but the effects of caffeine offered a different effect on him. It made his drive to work hyperactive. Like humans and their excessive abuse of caffeinated drinks to stay wired and alert Milo enjoyed hot cocoa as a stimulant to achieve goals. Let's not get started on what would happen if he drank a Mountain Dew. That would be tragic.

A servant enters his private lab with three steaming mugs of cocoa at his request. Resting the tray down beside him as his fingers rapidly exercised a keyboard. His eyes glued to a series of analog script filing through at break neck speed. He read every single word that popped up that was in his multilayered vocabulary. The little man spoke at least a 1000 different languages. This binary type code however was perplexing. For every word he understood there were twenty he did not. Stopping cold to inhale a cup of cocoa he hears a voice behind him.

"You're going to get a case of acne the way you drink that stuff."

"Obie! Come in Bro. Translating Serena Dorsey's diary now. Trying better word."

The General enters and stands behind Milo with arms folded, "Binary like but different."

"Right! Like redacted. I read some I lose some. Give me headache."

"All that caffeine can't be helping."

"Can't be hurting. It help me think." Milo shared convincingly tapping his temple with a single finger.

"So what have you discovered so far?"

"So far it mysterious...Dear Diary."

Obadiah Ridge winces, "That's it?"

"Course not. Me joking. I translate first thirty two pages. It a History lesson so far. Like a Bible. The Book of the Traveler. No name mentioned. Begins in Holy Lands. So far the Traveler has reached a New World. Again no name of New World. Each time story get good words are omitted in strange code. I genius but whoever write book is more genius."

"Holy Lands? Huh! Traveler? Does it mention religion?"

"No religion. Like Atheist. I see you eyeing my cocoa. I shrink you and flick you like paper football across table you touch." Milo snarls like a rabid dog.

"Easy there Fido. You don't really have a shrink ray?" The sneer from Milo gave Obadiah room to believe he might. Moving away from the tray he continues his pondering of the book, "So what did this Traveler do in the Holy Lands?"

"What he not do? Gather information. Steal. Horde riches. Holy relics even."

"Holy Grail? Menorah?"

"Ark of Covenant...Spear of Destiny...Staff of Moses...he find all. Live a long time he has."

"So he's immortal. Like you are supposed to be right?"

"I not immortal. I just live long time compared to humans. On my world inhabitants live for millions of years. Something in water there."

"Millions of years. I certainly call that immortal. So how old are you exactly?"

"I baby yet. I celebrate 1,989 years next year. In Lost Horizon time that next Thursday."

"Yeesh! I still don't get how time slows down in here compared to out there. I'll admit I'm impressed that the clone you made of me placed with the Army hasn't made a wrong decision yet. In a years time."

"That cause he you. Your memories are his. Up until you came here. He not know of Lost Horizon. He still search for family like you do. Only he committed to his job."

"I'm committed too. I hate being away from my post. Still, I know if I trap myself there I'll never find Maddy and Piper Sophia. I've found peace in what you've done Greyson. Thank you for helping us." Regardless of his admission the whole clone thing still nagged at his conscience. He was trying his best to embrace everything.

"You no make me cry. Fine! I share cocoa. Seat?"

"I'll pass on the cocoa. You might change your mind mid sip and lunge at me. I'll stand. All I do is sit around here brooding as it is. Checked out all the various rooms of artwork and antiquities you have here. Quite a collection. Was that purple hat really Merlin's?"

"All genuine. I collect items for reason. Each item belong to a Reflection of God. You see red ribbons in glass case? They belong to primitive man named Moe. Found them buried near Stonehenge. DNA show owner to be millions of years old. It mean he cross time then go away. Dimensional travel. It help me learn how to jump Time."

"Amazing. What about those floating eyeballs in the water jar?"

"Oracle eyes. Not a Reflection but one who see reflection without eyes."

"Ooookay! That made no sense but I'm good with the answer. So, not everything is just belongings of one of James Ian Pryce's ancestors?"

"Not all. Some acquaintances. People who they knew of relevance. I know who eyes belong to."

"Who was that?"

"A woman now in Pangaea with James. A seer named Helena. She very old. Not immortal. Just live long time. Spry Chicken. MEMO even see her."

"Ever think she sees you? You do possess her eyes."

Milo pauses mid sip of his cocoa and lowers one eyelid half way, "You make good point. I think on that."

"Even better." Obadiah smirks, "If she's one of the good guys why not bring her eyes in here and let her read that book? She might give our castaways a heads up on this Dorsey guy."

"You give me goosebumps. Stephen King stuff."

"For that matter what about all of those other items you have? Any of those might help them survive?" Obadiah frowns in thought, "Come to think of it if he has all these relics why didn't you get them first?"

"What make you think I don't have?" Milo grins.

"How could you have them if he has them?"

"Billions of years since he own. He not in this time no more. Milo is."

"You are one crazy bastard Greyson."

"Like fox in hen house."

"How about this idea? Use your satellite MEMO utilizing this Oracles eyes. Let her see through the satellite."

"Holy Moley Batman. No wonder you a General. Strategy Man. You play chess?" 

Obadiah smirks at his compliment. This alien was growing on him. Milo entertains Obadiah's ideas as he guzzles his first cup of cocoa. Finally, he swivels in his chair, "I multitask. You have microchip Judith Lamb give you?"

"Right here." He digs into his pants pocket where he kept it safe. Pausing before passing it to Milo he winces, "Sure you wanna touch this? She did plant it up my pisser after a blowjob. Like tying a cherry stem with her tongue to keep REGION from seeing her pass off sensitive info."

"EWWWW! You two sick."

"Yeah? As if your kind don't thrive on probing peoples sex organs." Ridge grunts. "You right. Just kidding. I wash hands after."

Handing it to Milo the alien still winces at it. A germiphobe for certain. Using tweezers he enters it into his computers. An immediate sanitization process via a mist clears his hands. He then fans them about rather feminine like. Obadiah groans tapping his foot, "You done?"

"Give it time to run. You think I feed my computer cocoa too? It slower than me." A ping attracts Milo as he claims his second cup. Slurping he opens up files hidden on it. Jaw dropping he reads the encoding data, "This my technology. How REGION get this? My company not give world this tech."

"What type of tech?"

"Time travel tech. Recent breakthrough I make. How possible? My surveillance impregnable."

"Obviously not. So, Judith Lamb wanted you to realize the hacker had been hacked." "Judy good girl."

"Right. Mary Magdalene in her past life. Can't go wrong there right? She was Jesus Christ's ole lady."

"She bed down a Reflection. Had kids Mary did. Kids nothing special. Good carpenters in France though. Kids have kids. Still strong line. This not bode well Obie. REGION having my tech bad news. Virus needed to make sure they not abuse it."

"You sure they haven't already?"

Grimacing Milo attacks his keyboard with lightning digits. His speed typing amazed Obadiah. For someone with such awkward tendril like fingertips he was good at it. As his typing slowed laughter filled the air, "Let's see REGION use this now. Take years to unscramble data. All up here now." Milo taps his temple yet again.

"What's Beautiful Dreamer?"

"Song written by Stephen Foster in 1864. Love Bing Crosby's version. Why ask?"

"I dunno. It just keeps popping in and out of my head. Not the song just the term. Probably nothing but I always question even my thoughts."

"Wait! Milo know now. Protocols. James Ian hack REGION before he was lost in time. I remember something called Beautiful Dreamer. I look..." Before he can continue his mission a new ping fills the air. One that makes Milo freeze and swallow dryly, "Incoming transmission."

"From who? Who knows how to reach you in this dimension?"

"Planet Ganthor."

Obadiah flares his eyes. Knowing that his Great Grandfather's clone lived on the planet. He had to be here for this. Milo didn't ask him to leave. Instead he observes Milo open a frequency and await an image onscreen. A majestic looking Ganthorian in regal clothes befitting his stature awaited.

"Salutations King E'Guan. How can Milo be of service?"

Beside the King sat his Queen Lizah, her beauty indescribable for a lizard. She merely let her husband do the talking and presented herself with poise and grace. The King returns with, "Greetings Milo Greyson. I would speak with my Brother J' Qwar." Obadiah knew his brother as Neville Pryce his adopted name. It was intriguing to learn his real name. As Obadiah stepped into view of the cameras E'Guan tilts his head, "I do not know this man. Who might he be to observe my presence?"

"This man be Obadiah Ridge." Milo introduces the General.

"Ridge? A name known well to my race."

"Yes." Obadiah cordially bows befitting royalty, "My Great, Great Grandfather Orin Ridge lived with you for many years I understand. His cloned family residing with you still."

"Indeed. A nuisance to say the least. This concerns me greatly. I do not trust Orin Ridge. His clones survive only as respect for Earth and its Reflections. The true Orin has vanished."

"We know King E'Guan. Old Orin travel back in time. MEMO discover the future year 2027. Orin travel to future from this time to track James Ian in hands of REGION. Long story short Orin evil man. Want to have power. MEMO also locate him in Pangaea billions of years in Earth past."

"I thought MEMO was a secret." Obadiah raises a brow.

"Peace treaty. Ganthor good people. Milo share info just not locations of MEMO. King understand."

"Allies we are." E'Guan smiles, his eyelids flickering as he speaks.

"Best buddies." Milo looks smug then coughs into his hand, "I send message for your Brother now. He join us shortly." A simple alarm in their room alerts the couple to move quickly to Milo's lab.

"Good. I thank you Milo Greyson."

"No problemo. Queen Lizah? Enchanting as ever." Milo waves rapidly from too much caffeine. She smiles and nods. The wait would be awkward. Obadiah had many questions but every time he started to speak Milo coughed. He took the hint. The General would not be denied forever.

 1807 off the coast of Ghana, Africa.

"Dark in here. And, I'm not referring to my skin color." James Ian lifts boney black hands with chains about the wrists. He could hear the creaking of wood. The splashing cascade of turbulent seas. The sounds of canon fire. The threatened cries of a crew that were obviously under siege. Losing by the sound of it. Peering through the dank shadows he realizes he's not alone. Dozens of others were next to him. All weeping in their native Bantu language. The misery around him made James reluctant to speak aloud through his host body. Instead he communicates with his ancestor telepathically, "Where am I? Who are you?"

Hearing the words in his head the weakened man offers a surprising calmness at the intrusion, "My name is K'Daka. Are you here to take me home?"

"No. Just passing through. I'm sorry for your discomfort. Slave ship I'm guessing?"

"Yes. We have been at sea a week. Starving we are."

"It sounds like another ship is boarding you now. Pirates?"

"I do not know. Perhaps we die this day."

"I hope not. I never realized that my ancestry also came from Africa. Although I suppose Moe was originally born in Africa somewhere. Cradle of civilization and all."

"I do not understand all that you say."

"Sorry. It's getting quiet. Battle must be over."

A hatch opens above them and sunlight blinds the denizens. James notes a beefy man climb down and sheath his flintlock pistol. A British man on a Spanish vessel seemed strange to James but he knew a rescue when he saw one. Hearing the man although cocky move about to examine the slaves knowing none understood his language. He appeared caring as high above peering down stood a shorter man in uniform. He too appeared a concerned soul. By appearance he was obviously the opponent ships Captain. 

"Free them from their bonds Mister Kensington. Move them across to the Ceville. Take them below and feed them. Today we save them from their plight. Put them to work come morning. Free to roam the decks as long as they remain docile."

"Aye Cap'n." Kensington goes about unshackling them one by one. They were so weak none resisted. As the Brit reached K'Daka their eyes meet. James control over the native Bantu warrior offered a scrutiny toward the man before him. The Brit clearing his throat as if he had seen a ghost. Maybe he had.

"Tell your Captain that James Ian Pryce is watching over these poor souls. Treat them with respect or I will haunt him until the end of time." James verbalizes through K'Daka's vocal cords. Falling back in shock Kensington notes a hand of friendship extended. He hesitantly took the hand. He would tell Captain Mordecai Ghulle of this strange scenario. The Captain and his first mate would call him a drunkard. Respect given only as long as the slaves pulled their weight until bestowed freedom elsewhere. James tried. In the blink of an eye James left K'Dada. K'Daka smiled. Kensington finished his job. A Brit on a Spanish vessel never easy. That night a purple glow upon the ocean led to a misfortunate turn of events. Gone from the eyes of man. Presumably Poseidon himself had lay claim to the Ceville. We all know the truth.

"SeVen? Talk to me please." pleaded Serena Dorsey. In a lab the Pleidian stumbled about as if fevered yet his core body temperature had dropped substantially. He waved her away to prevent her touch.

"Please Serena. I need my space. To touch me at this time might give you frostbite. Whatever your ring did in bringing me back to life has altered my very cells. My race is born to cold climates. We thrive there. The Arctic our new home. However, my body has grown cooler yet I feel quite intoxicated by it. I fear however that those around me might suffer my changes."

She pouts, "I can never touch you again?"

"I am uncertain. You risk much should you do. I can never hurt you Princess."

"Stop calling me Princess. I'll never get used to that title. I don't feel like any Princess."

"Regardless Serena you are."

"If I am then you must obey me correct? Or, does our two races not embrace Royalty?"

"Our two races are at peace. My race has guarded over you for millions of years. Yet, I was forbidden to let you know the truth. I have betrayed my people. They will come for me soon. I took my life to prevent you further grief. Once they come from me I will never see you again. To live that way unbearable. At least in death I would not feel your loss."

"Loss? SeVen...I would have felt yours. You are not that selfish. I love you. I need you. No Pleidian army could keep us apart. If they respect my race and my rank then they will step aside and accept us."

"It does not work like that Serena. I made a vow. I broke it. Long ago. Now that we are here in Lost Horizon without their knowledge they will know the truth. You should have let me die. Now I will be imprisoned away forever and live with your memory in my soul." "No. You will live beside me forever and be my mate."

"Mate? I have always wanted that. Now I fear that is impossible. Watch Serena." He steps away from her to a cage of rats. Used by Milo and his limited crew of trustworthy scientists. All human yet asked to leave Lost Horizon before the visitors here today could be seen. The merest brush of the metal cage the rats succumb to the cold and freeze to death. It was horrible. In seeing this Serena wept. The animals suffered at his proof to her of the dangers. She frowns and waves the gentle giant aside. Her own hand hovering over the cage. Her blue diamond ring glowing. The rats returned to life. SeVen could only marvel at her decision.

"No one dies on my watch." Serena points at him, "Figure this out My Love. We are not going our separate ways. Is that clear?"

"Yes Your Highness."

"Stop that. Try Yes My Heart. Or, Yes Baby." 

"Yes...Baby."

"Good. Now I'm going to go chat with my Grandparents. Still, weird but I like them. Even if I don't look all lizard like. When I come back I expect you to have managed this cold shoulder stuff and give me a hug." She steps away with a stern glare. He would do his best. As she left him his first option became a life fiber body suit that contained his temperature from neck to toe. It helped but even it had its limits. While he had time he would devise something better. He hoped.

The telepath Psi Chii rested in her private quarters meditating. With the ancestral sword Soultaker in her possession she reflected on its recent activities. Baby James had become a conduit between the Lost Horizon dimension they resided in and the spirit world. Drawing out spiritual contact between she and her ancestor Kong Zao. A man her family kept alive through stories of his bravery. His Mastery over the mystical sword that claimed the souls of the wicked. He too falling prey to the blade for some wicked deed found unworthy to be forgiven. In the blades thoughts that evidently meant his choice of betraying his love of her female ancestry by loving another. A man. In the times quite forbidden.

"How can this be? All I knew has been a lie. No disrespect Great Kong Zao but I find this news quite troubling." She exits her meditation by opening her eyes and peering into the shiny blade held before her. Looking back was Kong Zao with a glimmer of doubt in her being the new owner of the sword. She would prove him wrong. For years she had mastered her swordsmanship. Using telepathy to also predict her opponents next move helped. Never growing too confident in her expectations. Rising from her lotus position Psi Chii steps in front of a wall of mirrors and takes a stance. Sword poised she closes her eyes to breath. In a blur her body wages war with an invisible opponent. Her sword technique impressive. She could have easily dispatched dozens of warriors in her dance of death. Ending her practice session she hears clapping. Only one person would ever dare enter her abode without asking. Of course she already knew he was on his way.

"You really need to stop invading my privacy Buku."

"Only here to borrow some hand lotion. Being invincible doesn't mean I don't get dry skin."

Rolling her eyes she shakes her head, "Doesn't any of this bother you?"

"Why should it? Our Ancestors were lovers. I find it romantic in a Romeo and Romeo kind of way."

In the blade Psi Chii sees Kong Zao smile with a wink at Buku who stood behind her looking over her shoulder. Buku chuckled and fluttered his fingers at Kong Zao almost flirtatiously. Growling Psi Chii snaps, "Stop encouraging him."

"I can't help it. I'm channeling my inner Poo Ki."

"Go feed the dragon and stop bothering me."

"All I do is feed the dragon. Oooh! That sounded scandalous. Okay, maybe I will. Just kidding." The Sumo wrestler twirls in step and looks about him, "Quit hiding the Aloe."

"On the bureau." She again rolls her eyes. This whole ordeal was going to take a lot to get used to. Hearing Buku humming Rihanna's song Diamonds as he locates the lotion she gives up. Leering at Kong Zao she notes a new arrival behind him. One that looked menacing. Merely hovering but with a darkness brooding. Waiting. Biding his time.
