 "RUNNNNNNN! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES."

"Cowards!" Hordakian warrior GR'HNT twirls his battle staff that swirled with crackling energy as his fellow Warriors rush past him. Being the largest of their Fleet he stood proud of his achievements. Even as he witnesses bloody body parts hurling past him he smiles. He was one bloodthirsty son of a bitch. Of course he had yet to come up the hill to witness his opponent. Upon reaching the hilltop his eyes find blood soaked grass as far as his eyes could see. Bodies of his colleagues torn in half and flung aside in favor of the next chunk of meat in their unexpected enemies path.

Hearing massive hooves stomp through skulls in a shallow crunch amid screams of the dying even GR'HNT paused to drop his jaw. In the air all around him flew Technorides with guns firing viciously at the 8 foot tall Satyr. His beard bristles as he finds himself confounded by the appearance. Never before had he seen a female Satyr. He was uncertain if there was ever one in existence on any world. Obviously yes. Heavily muscled and hair abundant below the waist, colossal breasts bobbed about in battle. If not for her demeanor GR'HNT might find her appealing. Wincing he decided to smile. He did find her appealing. A warrior woman in her own right. A woman his equal in ferocity. In strength. In...GR'HNT decided to join his allies in retreat. 

Buzzing about Bianca TeLeone in her fury the Sprite O'Tah assisted in taking out some of the Technorides. Her outer body armoring up and her fiery wings generating enough energy to fire herself off like a missile. Slicing though shielding and clean through Hordakian pilots. It was a messy job but O'Tah wanted to do her part. As if Bianca needed it.

As a Technoride crashes in a burrowing path near the beastly Bianca she retrieves the gnarled metal cycle and hurls it skyward toward another bike. Collision course she takes the flyers out dropping them in a fireball of grinding carnage. Zipping by her giggling O'tah affectionately called Iota clapped. Bianca ignored her completely leering instead about for further battle. For all that sought escape more chose war. From the other side of the hill charged dozens more.

High above the battlefield a Hordakian ship hovered examining the dilemma. Their mission here did not include a demon Satyr. The Commander of the vessel watches through magnification.

"Why are we fighting this creature? Lord Dorsey instructed us to locate a woman named Circe, what she possesses and our missing Comrades who came here before us."

"Perhaps this creature is Circe? That, or the cause of our missing warriors. Our own soldiers are being ripped apart. Should we ourselves retreat?" Questioned his 2nd in command.

"Would you like to return to Lord Dorsey empty handed?"

"No Commander. Yet, returning with hands would be valuable."

"For that I shall let you lead another assault upon this...this...Goat? It appears female yet it has horns like a Ram. Perhaps both sexes. how uncommon."

"If that is your orders I shall obey."

"Commander S'Lopp?" Interrupts his surveyor, "I am detecting a dimensional anomaly hidden in the hills to the west. It would be ripe for hiding in."

"Indeed. Change of plans Tuskorog. Locate this dimensional rift. Bring me this Circe. Take all that she possesses and kill those in your way."

"As directed." Tuskorog salutes with a grunt then storms from the bridge to engage upon his mission. Taking another 30 flyers with him. The Commander returned to his chair to brood. This would not look good when Lord Dorsey got his report. His forces dwindling he tapped his chair arm nervously. His Bridge members flaring their eyes at his insistence in staying their course. Just how many lives needed to be lost before he left this island?

Amid the chaos of Bianca's rage Addison Rogers leads her small band of Pirates and one lone Osirian Goddess in the form of a panther away from battle. Hiding under a thicket of trees they manage to avoid detection. With so much air and foot traffic it would be difficult to get past them. All they could do was try. 

"Watch your steps." Addison points at branches that could easily snap creating enough noise to attract the opposition. She no more than advises them when the Conquistador Montoya plants a boot down hard resulting in a resounding crackle. A Hordakian soldier laying back out of fear hears the branch break. Gun whirling toward the shrubbery he winces. To his shock out prowls a tiny black housecat. Sighing he grunts with relief and moves on. The cat was harmless after all. He would live another hour at best.

As Detroit returns to her group Addison puffs her cheeks, "Let's not do that dance again Montoya." The Conquistador agreed with a concerned nod.

Once the coast grew thinner their mission continued. Addison had decided helping Bianca was not the best option. Getting she and her crew killed before saving Jack Ramse would not serve him well. She owed the man everything. She owed her Aunt a mental apology. A true apology should she survive this day. With Bastia aka Detroit leading them through her keen sense of smell and tracking ability they bypassed the soldiers. Reaching the mystery area cloaked by Circe, Detroit stops and resumes her human form. The change so instantaneous that the male members of their group gasped. 

"I sense a mystical barrier here. On the other side is where we shall find Jack."

Technorides slowly surveyed the area above them. As if they too knew of the zone of silence. The Hordakian Field Leader Tuskarog guiding his men to locate an entry point. "They're on to it too. Only a matter of time before they get through. We wait until they do then come to Jack's aid. Fan out. Eyes in all directions. No battle until the time is right. That means you Petrolus. You bloody Romans are head strong." Addison then pats Kensington on the shoulder, "Holding up okay Jolly Ole?" She knew he was still weakened from the Djinn's draining of his life force.

"Aye Cap'n. Comin' along. Ye?"

"We're both a lil worse for wear. My body copes with fatigue and strain better than most people. Venom has faded away in my system. You should have stayed aboard the Ceville where it's safer."

"Naww! I owe them as much as ye do. Me own strength is returning if not me stature." 

Kensington looks at his thinner limbs that were once burgeoning with muscle. He was lucky to be alive at all. With a pat to his back she left his side. Moving over to Detroit, "How do we get inside there?"

Detroit creases her brow with a squint, "I believe we go under it." She then reverts once more to her feline form. This time her panther size and struts along the foliage to a sloping incline that dropped down into a mass of bushes. Rummaging amid the brush Detroit discovers a hidden entrance. A very thin opening. A cave entrance. Returning she reports it after resuming her feminine stride with ease, "There is a narrow cave behind the thicket. I can get through easily but the rest of you might be too large."

"What about me?" Kensington steps up, "Pretty boney I am."

Addison eyes the situation around them, "Go. If you get inside safely find a way to get us all in. We'll hold the fort out here as best we can."

Acknowledging her Detroit motions the Brit to follow her to the entry point. Peeling the brush aside for him the opening reveals itself. It was then she turned housecat again and went in first. Kensington on his hands and knees resorts to crawling on his belly through the narrow depths. Only hissing guiding his movements. The journey certainly not easy.

On the other side of the barrier Jack Ramse rolled on the ground with the blond beauty Grace. Knowing she was no mere Amazon but in reality an Angel from Heaven itself. Her wings showing off one second then fading away the next. Jack was puzzled in his drugged state as to why they kept retreating into the scars upon her back. Obviously it was the doings of the Polish Witch Circe. Not so much a true Witch as an abuser of mystical rings. He would learn of this better quite soon.

"Grace? Stop fighting me. I'm under her influence too. Trust me as beautiful as you are I wouldn't be having sex with you if not forced too. Blame Circe."

"Circe? The woman with the rings. She who brought us to this island." Grace was slowly putting it all together, "The Crucifixion. The day we were lost to God."

"No clue what you're getting at. Just please wake up and smell the roses. We have a bigger enemy here than Circe."

Gazing over Jack's slumped body she looks to the sky. In the sunlight she saw Hordakian flyers easing over them from on high. She had never seen such things. Wingless things that is. Her crystal blue eyes reflecting the blue skies brought her closer to home. Reacting to her new vigor she forces her eyes upon Jack once more. With the two of them still maintaining their intercourse position she leers away from his study to look down between their sweaty bodies. Spotting his rock hard beast still held within her she winces, "In the name of our Father I ask you to retreat." He continues entering her to maintain their performance.

"I will shortly. Carefully look over to your right. See that woman standing there watching? The one wearing a ring on her finger. That woman is the one holding you and the others hostage. If we all want to escape her we have to work together. Don't let her take control over you again. I just broke out of a drugged state."

Grace carefully tilts her gaze as Jack hits a perfect G cord that makes Grace hole then huff. Eyes nearly sealed as he fucks her she indeed locates Circe looking smug and adoring the ring upon her finger. He was correct. Returning her eyes to Jack she offers a sudden expression of pure pleasure. She had her first orgasm in a millennia. The outcome caught Jack off guard, "You must not...please do not...stop."

"Only an act at this point Grace. If I don't finish Circe will know something is wrong. Let me end this how she expects. Once it's over I think she's ready for me. I'll play along and catch her off guard. Once she's under control then you and your friends should be free of her. The ring is what gives her power over us. Can you play along?"

"Yes. You are magnificent."

"Uhhh! Don't get too attached." Jack suddenly feels his brain grow foggy. For a second he feels lightheaded then the next intoxicated with adrenalin. His own eyes turning white for a brief moment. Something was wrong. It was as if he was having an outer body experience. He could see the desert for a moment. Where he had come from early on in his journey. As quickly as he left his body he returned. Grace was yanking him down toward her when Jack feels his face buried within her jiggling breasts, "What? Where am I? Oh, My!" Jack was gone once again. Someone. Something had taken his place. Again the moment swiftly ended and Jack was back. "What the hell was that?" He mumbled with his lips mashed between her cleavage, words that switched over to thought under the circumstances, "It was almost as if I teleported to another place altogether. Yet, never really left. Pan's wine? Circe's influence? This has to end soon."

While Jack continues his sensual pondering Dr. Trevor "Pan" Stevens had gone lurking in Circe's cavern quarters. Given the order by Circe to prepare her bed for she and Jack. Her desires becoming long overdue. Her bed while nothing glamorous under the circumstances was a compilation of pigskin covering wool padding. Sewed tightly by heavenly laces borrowed from her girls past attire. It was cozy enough. Under the circumstances of being trapped in a world like Pangaea without the creature comforts of home. However, illusion as utilized made the bed look fit for a true Queen. Posts of gold which were actually wooden carved by swords. Everything in her abode gave off the air of Royalty. 

"All an act Circe...or should I say Olga? Your true name seems so very far away these days. I grow tired of being your lackey. Those bloody rings are turning you just plain evil. I wish I had never found that alien escape pod. If I hadn't that cask of rings would still be hidden away. The poor girl who possessed them hid them well but to a skimmer like myself, not good enough." He tugs and pats at Circe's bedding to make it look inviting. Tempted to hop in and roll around he knew that his fur would leave behind his mischief. Punished for nearly everything he did he grumbles and starts to head back outside. In passing the small underground spring she used as a bath under a spell of Grecian design he pauses. Hearing the deafening moans of the girls he knew Circe was distracted. Teeth gnashed at his conspiring thoughts he drops to all fours and looks down into the bubbling pool. He could vaguely see the cask and nibbles his lower lip trying to decide if treachery was in his best interest. Jack seemed like a tough cookie. This man might just be his ticket out from under Circe's influence. If he could hide away the rings from her then sway Jack to remove her hand containing the current pair of rings upon her fingers this might all be over. With a goat like bay to clear his throat he decides to risk everything and dive under the water. As a Satyr swimming was hardly easy. Yet the water level was just shallow enough to avoid drowning. Reaching the golden box he plants his hooves on the bottom and launches himself back to the top. Resting the box on the ledge of the pool he holds on for dear life until he could drag himself out next to it choking on water. Eyes matted under wet fur he shakes his head from side to side. Eyes opening he discovers he is not alone. 

"Well now. A kitty cat. Where did you come from oh frisky one?"

Detroit in her housecat form crouched calmly before him and glares without a hiss or any glimmer of fear. Purring she merely eyes him. A clicking noise next to him forces Pan to avert his gaze. There stood a lanky man in a ruffled white shirt and a black vest. Holding a flint lock pistol.

"Aye Guv'nor." Kensington grinned. 

"I wasn't aware Circe had invited guests in her bed chamber." Pan winced, "I don't think it wise to fire off that gun Mate. If Circe knows you're here you and the kitty might be combined into a he cat. Trust me when I don't have a hoof to stand on."

"Point taken. Who be ye?" Kensington lowers his weapon.

"A man if not a goat. Are you here to help Jackie?"

"Aye. Is he near?"

"Outside frolickin' with the ladies. He can't help himself the cad is under control of the Witch Circe. Be careful of her rings they possess powers that will hold you back. Or worse. Just look at me. I was a man like you once."

Detroit scurries away leaving Kensington to stand guard over Pan. Leering around the corner of the cave entrance she spies Circe standing there nude and rejoicing in the sexual abuse of Jack and her followers. The Osirian Goddess sensed the magic used and hurries back to Pan and the golden case. Sniffing the seal of the cask she growls faintly. Great power lie within. Power she knew was not of this Earth. Not even Osirian. Nor Ganthorian. She could not specify its origin. With an echoing cry from Grace outside a decision had to be made. Kensington snatches up the box and motions with his pistol for Pan to join them in the shadows. The Satyr crawling along leaves a wet trail on the rocky floor. He knew there would be no hiding his exit. 

Outside the entrance Circe again examines the flyers above them. They were examining the area far too closely for comfort. She might have to intervene soon. This would put a cramp on her own love making with Jack. Growing agitated she snaps, "Come to me Jack."

Jack Ramse pulls away from Grace's thighs in a webbing of leftovers. The blond beauty a blubbering mess of emotion. Her eyes torn between control and being controlled. She, even in her ecstasy had time to ponder Jack's words. Yet, now Jack seemed different. As she examines Jack's expression as he crawls from her she notes something different about him. His face was troubled. Almost as if haunted. Hearing a barely audible whisper she hears him mumble, "I am truly sorry My Child." Just as quickly Jack returns with his own gruff voice, "This bitch is getting on my last nerve." 

On his feet Jack turns and walks toward Circe's beguiling index finger. Curling it intentionally drawing him toward her. She found his physique magnificent. All around her the other Amazon's cooed at Jack's swagger. Even under her control they were still reeling beneath his deeds. In a sense pleading for more but knowing they could not attain. Grace herself played along. Masking her awareness with careful study of Circe and her own sisters. Suddenly, Grace realized where she had heard Jack's strange vocal apology. In her thoughts she trembled.

"Father?"

Over four miles away on the open water the Spanish Warship christened the Ceville bobbed in silence. It's crew withdrawn by watching the Hordakian spacecraft hovering above the island. Their newly adopted Captain had left them to search for Jack Ramse and his friend Bianca. Fear made them consider lifting anchor and sailing to safety. Yet, none of them could bring themselves to abandon Addison Rogers. 

The blind Oracle known as Wretch saw many outcomes to this day. None were good. Yet, none were agreeable. A mixed bag of futures. She knew not the term Paradox. Only that she could witness variations. In her solace within Addison's cabin she fumbles about the belongings of her friends. Searching for something that fit the moment. Her need for clothing evident as chills crossed her withered flesh. Discovering a t-shirt in Bianca's stash Wretch envisions its significance. Tugging it on over her thin body she adopted the material quite well. It was a Grateful Dead t-shirt. Perhaps it was a blessing. Hearing a ping to her left, Wretch once known as Helena tilts her head, "You should go to them Fenway. It is only I here to safeguard as Jack ordered. I am nothing. He might need you more than I." If she could see the softball sized floating orb she would know it was steadfast. Like a human head shaking negatively from side to side Fenway gave his answer. She admired its dedication. For a machine it certainly displayed heart.

Hearing a loud creak outside the cabin door Wretch turns to face the breeze coming through. It carried the scent of someone not quite human. A troll. The gentle giant that hid away during battle with the Djinn. Frightened by the storm just as much. Now the creature of grey skin and bulky stature dared to fight his fears.

"Synu worry bout Captain Addy."

"Ah, sweet soul you come out of hiding. Fear not, she is alive. For now."

"Ship in sky not friendly." Synu pouts.

"Hearing the sounds of battle I would agree with you. There is not much we can do. Should we interfere the battle might come to us." As her words exit her mouth images flood her through her aquatic eyes. Her gift from Iota's magic.

"INCOMING!" A crew member atop the Crows Nest bellows for all too hear.

Wretch sighs, "I spoke too readily." Her visions offer a small garrison of Technoride flyers making the journey toward the ship to weigh its significance. They had been spotted. Stepping from the cabin as Synu eases away he hugs behind Wretch and Fenway joining her. Six flyers drew closer. Upon reaching them Wretch calls out, "Hold your weapons. Let us speak first." The crew hesitantly followed her orders.

A Hordakian soldier gravitates toward Wretch sensing her authority. Noting her strange eyes the rider winces, "What business do you have here?"

"We merely weigh anchor in hopes to catch our dinner." Wretch informs.

"I see no nets over your sides."

"Dinner comes to us." She nods with a devious smile.

Behind the soldier another rider circling the ship near the water discovers the truth to her words. A large shark roars from the depths and clamps mighty jaws down on the base of the Technoride. Its weight drags the bike underwater. Blood rises instantly. The other riders move higher to avoid their own demise.
