 "Are we there yet?"

Buku was the only one that had revived from a sudden loss in power. The Maltese Cuckoo was supposed to maintain all functions against the dampening power of Pangaea's atmosphere. Evidently a certain alien Grey miscalculated somewhere. Having crossed time to the nearest point possible to locate the missing passengers of Flight 312. He might have pinpointed the time frame but not quite the location. Who placed a jungle where the desert should have been? With its power fluctuating the navigations lost trajectory and the Cuckoo found its flight plan skimming the tree line. An inevitable crash in the dense forest left everyone shook up. 

"Everyone alive?" Obadiah Ridge holds his head feeling woozy. Calling out to his band of wayward Time Travelers at the mercy of their sudden and disastrous landing in Pangaea. Peering out the cockpit window all he could see was tree branches. Not good.

"Milo fuck up." The Grey lifts his head then drops it back down into his arms. 

"YOU DON'T SAY!" Renee Ramse pulls herself together and searches for her baby. Strapped in extra well he should have made the ride safely. Fear caught up when she realized he was not in this special seat, "JIMMY JACK?"

"In with the dragon." Psi Chii revives and senses the baby's thoughts.

Renee bulges her eyes, "You're kidding me."

"He is quite safe. Cano is fond of James." 

"This coming from a woman who can't leave her sword at home?"

"I...I forgot. A lot was going on. Like surviving against REGION." The Chinese beauty regrets her mistake. Knowing that a massive paradox will undoubtedly rear its ugly head once it meets its twin here in Pangaea. Too late. Use it wisely she thought.

"James? Come on out Baby." Renee crawls to her hands and knees to peer into the tiny holes built into the specialized pet taxi. She wanted to open the door but the tip of Soultaker dissuaded her. 

"While your baby is safe we would not be."

"Give me back my baby you damned Dragon." The Mother snaps viciously. This found the tips of her hair sizzled by an obnoxious flame the size of a blowtorch escaping the tiny vault. Falling back patting her hair she hears Young James Jack Ramse scold the Dragon with a very strict "Bad Puff Puff." The end result led the baby to teleport outside the crate once more and into a toddlers crawl toward his relieved Mom. Renee rolled to obtain him into a smothering hug. He had soot spots all over him. No burns however.

"Tough kid." Buku puckers, "Reminds me of me. Diaper and all."

Behind them Obadiah unshackles his safety gear and slips from his seat with a strain. Wincing at his shoulder he carefully looks to the left of the women. Reaching Serena Dorsey he checks her pulse, "Her Grampa sure packs a punch. Serena's still out." 

Leaving her for the moment he returns to Milo whose seat was twisted pinning him against a control console, "How about you Lightbulb? Any cuts and bruises?"

"Milo fine. Just dazed and confused. Love that movie. Buku? We got pot stashed?"

"As if I'd leave my bong. Should I fire some up?"

"Nobody is getting stoned. Come on! It's obvious you landed us just fine. Maybe a bit upside down but we're alive." The General offered as he again attempts to peer through the density of tree branches shrouding the front window, "All I see is a Rain Forest. Question is are we lodged in the trees or are they covering us after a nasty skid. I don't wanna open any door and drop fifty feet into God knows what."

"I can go. I can handle a fall. Invincible remember?" Buku flexes a muscle then narrows his eyes, "Ow!"

"Quit being a whiner." Psi Chii swats him with her free hand, "Buku's fine he's just goofing off."

"Hey! I like showing off my sensitivity. Even if I am indestructible."

"How exactly are you indestructible anyway? What's with everyone getting super powers? Even the baby can Teleport. You two are Telepath's. One a Genius, the other a trained Samurai. Serena's an alien Princess with a power ring that we don't even understand. That only leaves Renee and I to rely on our Military experience." Obadiah shakes his head. That said experience was good enough for him.

"I was born this way." Buku shrugs, "Coo Chii there too. Milo three. Serena? Sure, four I guess. Baby makes five. He's a Reflection though. Those guys seem to evolve a bit over the centuries."

"Some yes. Others no." Milo adds, "Milo need to think. Need cocoa. Oreo's good."

"Stop thinking with your damned chocolate addiction. Let's check outside and see the damage. I for one want to know if we're able to fly this crate again or whether we go on foot from here on out."

"I don't want to expose my Baby to anything dangerous out there. Why did I even join this group? The Pryce's were supposed to look after him."

"They made a choice Ramse." Obadiah sighed, "Gave us the precious moments we had to escape REGION. We lost a few good people."

"SeVen?" They hear Serena coming to. Obadiah eases back to her side and comforts her as best he could. She wiggled her jaw like a drunk, woozy and confused. As her eyes draw first light she spots the General fawning over her, "Where are we?"

"WELCOME TO PANGAEA!" Milo throws his arms wide while dangling, "Not so glamorous as WELCOME TO JURASSIC PARK."

"We made it back in time? SeVen?" She blurrily looks around her.

"Serena? Focus on me." Obadiah gently pats her cheek to gain her attention, "SeVen sacrificed himself along with your Grandparents. Even the dog died. All to get you to safety. We are here for you."

"Big happy family we." Milo adds shaking his head. He seriously needed chocolate.

"No! They can't be gone. I have no one left."

"Your biological Mother is out here somewhere Serena. We're going to find her." Psi Chii prompts, "I've been scanning the vicinity. There is life outside. The jungle is teeming with living creatures."

"Oooo! What's a Giant Sloth thinking right this minute?" Buku brightens up.

"That you're an idiot." The General growls, "No humor at a time like this. If you're scanning the outside telepathically Psi Chii, what's our human population looking like?"

"Millions. All around us are humans. Most of them appear to be only thinking about building something. About hunger. About serving...Lord Dorsey?"

"Dorsey?" Serena mutters, "My Father is out there?"

"Slow down Serena. We all know what that Man is capable of." Renee issues a warning.

"More you not know Ser'Ena..." Milo mutters, "Milo learn something from Diary. No time to enlighten until now."

"What did you learn?"

"Daddy have bad reputation. Not talking Joan Jett but Blackheart none less."

"Spit it out Milo." Renee coddles her baby with a growing tension.

"Know who he really is..."

"You do? Who?" Serena pleads with her eyes tearing up.

Milo clears his throat, "Dorsey...Roman soldier who speared Christ in side."

"The Wandering Jew." Obadiah narrows his eyes, "That actually makes sense. If he's immortal until the end times he's probably been involved in everything. Cast out to wander the world."

"Right! It how he collects relics." Milo adds.

"Yet, you possessed all religious relics in 2022 when we left." Psi Chii recalls.

"As told Obie...He have. I have. He have. I have. Time loop."

"Doesn't that mean we beat Dorsey?" Buku scratches his head, "How can you have them unless he loses them."

"TIME!" Milo unsnaps his seatbelt falling to the floor upside down, "Out of whack a doodle."

"Never going to understand any of this crap." Renee rolls her eyes.

"CRAP!" Jimmy Jack blurts out. It was cute but did not thin the tension in the room.

"Bad word." Renee pouts toward him as if hurt by his swearing. It was then she realized he had done just that, "Stating the obvious are you? Okay, let's go find the diaper bag."

At their feet the Pet Taxi tosses and turns dramatically. Buku plants a foot on it to keep it silent, "Cano's hungry. What we gonna do about that Boss?"

"Galley cabinet. Cereal box say Cotton Balls." Milo points threateningly, "Bring back Oreos or die."

"Sheesh! What good are cotton balls? Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Buku grins, "Evil man Boss. You shrunk down a herd of sheep didn't you?"

Obadiah Ridge could only lift a brow. Insanity lingered all around him. Only the beginning.

Many miles South...

"My love?" Briar pauses confused. The desert floor invigorated by her every step. Her sudden stop nurturing an oasis of bushes that thrive and wilt the moment she steps beyond their space. It was beauty while it lasted, "I can no longer hear your call. Have you abandoned me?"

If she only knew the truth she would feel very insecure in her new form. Inhabiting the body of Madigan Ridge in itself was all new to her. Amid this Host she felt true mobility. A life only questioned. Having been a captive aboard the Ganthorian Garden and locked away in an artificial atmosphere of their alien devices. Now free she wanted nothing more than to experience life. Real life. As near as possible. Drawing upon the emotions of those around her the only way to form identity in this new world. Although her own existence had a mind of its own, the residue of Madigan's brain still resided within her long deceased corpse. Somehow this strange new world allowed her body to avoid decay. It merely ceased function. Like a treasure trove awaiting to be opened to the delicacies within.

Aimless in her direction she changes course. Feeling a sudden calling elsewhere. Forsaking her love now waning she is drawn to the green. Sensing a large habitation many miles hence. Smiling she continues her trek, "There you are my Love. Briar comes."

She was as changeable as the wind off the desert. A breeze that guided her. As did the foliage in her wake. As did a certain roar of a white hot beast. Hearing nothing but her calling she progresses even as a dust cloud develops and sand is kicked up under white hot tires. Cutting her off the 1971 Dodge Charger swerved to a devastating halt in front of her. Only then did she stop to tilt her head.

"Friend Briar within Friend Madigan where goeth thee?"

From a lowered window on a drivers side door leers out a Roman Centurion without his helmet on. It would not have fit beneath the roof.

"Hello. Gaicazar was it?" She smiles brightly.

"Aye! I am off to Eden. Have thee sensed God as I?"

"My love awaits me. God is his name? I thought his name was Jack. I have heard your friends whisper it. He is love?"

"Indeed. Join me Friend Briar. I shall get us there far faster than ye may walk."

The passenger door swings wide on its own offering her a curious entry. Hesitant she traipses slowly around the car reaching out to its own exhilarating light.

"Your friend channels the Creator. He is mighty."

"I am uncertain if God powers yon chariot. Yet, I suppose he must." Antonaeus had no other answer for its mystical exhaust of life.

Watching her delicately climb in and take a seat he shares in her warm smile. It was majestic. As the door eases shut containing her the seatbelt automatically slithers about her waist and attaches. Admiring it with a strange look Gaicazar chuckles, "'Tis for our safety." Engine roaring the drive became turbulent. Reaching speeds that neither could have ever imagined. Within ten minutes the horizon offered a festive view. A forest of beauty. A rainbow barely visible above it.

"There, Eden."

"I can feel its lust for life. I share with approving eyes." Briar concurs unaware that Madigan's hair was a mess. Gaicazar gently reaches over to remove fallen bangs from her gaze. She turns her sight to behold his kindness. Unexpected tears form in her eyes. Green streaks escape her ducts to streak down her cheek.

"I love you to." She whispers.

"Love all as God intends." The Roman nods before guiding the car as best he could to the edge of the foliage. Coming to a halt he spies a friendly face surfacing from the bushes with a shotgun over his right shoulder.

"Well if it ain't the Roman. That there's one fancy wagon."

"Friend Warjorj? You made it to Eden. With Greta's herd?"

"All accounted for and fit as a fiddle. Who you got with ya? Sure don't look like Miss Greta."

"Nay. Greta is with our friends. I come here in search of God. My sword Heaventide glows with fire, a sign most certain." Anton eases his sword from its hilt to offer a glimpse of its blinding intensity. In doing so Briar is drawn to it in a race toward him with stumbling limbs. The glow so vibrant she was drawn to it like a moth to a flame.

"Easy now Lil' Lady. Walk before ya run." Lionel Warjorj looked concerned. Then he noted her strange milky green eyes. The strange effect making him wince toward Gaicazar with concern, "Yer friend ailin'?"

"Hardly. This is Briar. Like Gaea she hails from the World Tree."

"A stem of it." A voice enters the conversation, as a bush reforms to offer its Host a vegetative body.

"Miss Gaea." Warjorj grins, "We got more company."

"I can see that. Welcome Antonaeus Gaicazar. Briar you called her? She looks like Madigan."

"I am Madigan." Briar draws closer to Gaea with a sense of shared wonder, "You are my sister?"

"Gaea's sister perhaps. My name is also Lillian Black. I do however have a blood sister."

"I live within Madigan's body. Maybe she too is my sister?" Briar holds her chest with a fluttering sensation within. She adored that idea.

"Forgive my impatience." Gaicazar dons his helmet, "I must speak with God."

"We all must. That...might take time. He appears..."

"Off in the noggin'." Warjorj finishes Lillian's sentence.

"How is this so?"

"I believe the Lord has lost his way. Appearing here suddenly it seems that he was drawn to this place. It was the birthplace of life given." Gaea intervenes altering Lillian's voice slightly.

"So, I have three sisters?" Briar grows giddy.

"Calm thyself Briar. We would learn of God's ailment first and foremost."

"Of course Antonaeus My love."

"Love?" Warjorj creases a brow.

Antonaeus frowns, "Ye know where my heart belongs. Another time." He then marches around the Marshal and enters the greenery.

"You got this Gaea Darlin'?" Warjorj turns to follow the Roman.

"I do. Come Briar let us walk together. I...sense a troubled soul."

"Do I have a soul?"

"You thrive. Life brings you joy. I would say there might be a spark within you." In a whirlwind Gaea turns from plant into the body of Lillian Black. Lillian in turn smiles and claims Briar with a hooking of arms, "Shall we?" Off they went.

Deeper within Eden sat a very old man. Spry for his age. Bearded and strolling about in mumbles of uncertainty. Wearing a pair of grungy long johns once belonging to Lionel. Following him like a lost puppy was the calf Betsy. And a giggling young girl named Abigail that was suddenly swarmed by Monarch butterflies. Insects were gradually making there way into Pangaea after many years without. All forms of life were stimulating the world. Sadly, even flies. Yet, strangely they were respectful.

"My Lord?" Gaicazar eases closer to the man who ignored him.

"He's a bit dodgy. Might wanna approach him slow." Warjorj plants the barrel of his rifle in front of the Roman as a warning. It was quickly removed. Anton nods his understanding and notes a loud crashing coming through the trees. A smile creeps across his face, "Adam arrives."

Above the treetops a mighty T'Rex roars his glee at seeing the Roman. His first true friend and bonded colleague. As a sword is drawn, a brand upon the beasts forehead joins in a healthy glow. The glow eased the beasts temperament as it catches his first glimpse of his Creator. His human forms Creator that is. A soul smiles.

God senses the soul within the dinosaur and frowns, "Why is he here?" He then paces with an agitated expression. Yet, he could not understand why he was upset. It takes Abigail to swoop in and grasp his hand to calm him down.

"God and Abby have a bond of sorts. He likes being around her. Calms his meanderin'." Warjorj expresses as they are joined by the gypsy Stefan.

"I cannot find Franz anywhere. It is as if he has disappeared." Stefan looks worried.

"He'll show up at some point. Prolly just explorin'. More pressin' concerns here at home."

"I shall keep looking. Chokote headed out to the South. I'll go West a bit."

"Good luck Stefan."

As the Gypsy fades off Gaicazar inches ever closer then chooses to kneel in front of God. Abigail hugs the old man's side, her eyes exhilarated with pure joy at being there. The calf Betsy nuzzling God's right palm helped keep him calm.

"It is I Antonaeus. He whom you gave long life to. He whom respected your Son Jesus of Nazareth. How may I serve you in this new world My Lord?"

"Your hat is quite shiny." God muses.

Taking it off quickly Gaicazar lowers his gaze, "Forgive me if I disrespected you."

Suddenly, God goes distant shaking his head. In the time it took to close his eyes his demeanor changed. As did his posture. As eyelids reopen a stare goes to Abigail's smile. 

"Am I in Eden?" He glares forward and drops a bearded jaw, "Anton? Is that you?"

A voice recognized Gaicazar peers up in wondrous awe, "Friend Jack?"

"I don't have any idea what's going on. Nor how long I'll be in this body. I hear it's God but I don't really know. Where's Ruby? The others?"

"She is at the Hilton. We have done much since ye departed."

"Her pregnancy still good?"

"Aye. However, she is now carrying two children as I understand."

"Two? How?"

"I am uncertain. The Ganthorian woman Harpea is the sister of Princess Kym'Ani. She and her crew are living next to us. Their own ship in repairs. It was she that discovered the other child."

"More Ganthorians? Great. I'm guessing I'm about 600 miles from Eden. Small island. Bunch of new allies. We just had a battle with a Hordakian Warship. My friend Bianca nearly killed them all."

"A warrior indeed. We have also fought Hordakians in the world below our feet. Friend James is most changed. He and his older self reside with us together."

"You weren't kidding about a lot happening. I need you to tell..."

The mighty T-Rex roars loudly toward the sky breaking Jack's message. High above the trees comes the sound of gravity jets and a Technoride suddenly hovers above them. God/Jack leers up to see a surprising face.

"Ruby?"

The T-Rex known as Adam eases away to let her land safely amid the broken trees. It was tedious but her landing was skilled. Hopping from her seat she darts over to Gaicazar's side. In awe she swallows.

"Should I bow? You being God and all?"

Instead God looks to her belly, "Showing finally."

"Jack?"

He releases Abigail and steps forward to yank Ruby into a hug. Without warning Jack plants a kiss upon her that lasted forever. Ruby Goddard melted not even remotely repulsed by the fact he looked 100 years old. As the kiss faded God pulled away and fidgeted. Jack was gone. Holding her lips Ruby realized it without question, "What just happened?" She pauses, "I just kissed God." Her tummy glows with the letters, "U then GO to finally MOM." Her heart sank.

"It appears Friend Jack has a link with Our Lord." Anton acknowledges.

"You don't say." She huffs her cheeks and runs her right hand through her long red sweaty locks, "How often does Jack swing by?"

"Couple times since he got here Ma'am." Warjorj steps up extending a hand, "Name's Lionel Miss Ruby."

Shaking off her unexpected kiss she claims his hand, "Pleasure to meet you Lionel. Greta told me a little bit about you and your caravan. Thank you for being good people. We need more of those in the coming days."

"Coming days." They turn to hear an old man mumble, "Dark days ahead. Ends I fear."

A chill runs up Ruby's spine. Swallowing she ventures closer to him, "I hope I didn't...disrespect you when I kissed you."
