 "Madigan? Are you in here?"

Young James Ian Pryce cautiously searches the shadows of the unexplored areas of the Ganthorian Hilton. He needed advice and the chance to offer a warning to her. Uncertain now of what her mindset was after losing her physical body permanently for a second time. He had searched high and low in the corridors as well as rooms that they knew about. Now it became a game of hide and seek. For a ghost she could be anywhere. James was worried about her just as much as he was for her daughter. It was taking all of his increased telepathic powers to evade his older body. Eavesdropping a bit he was convinced that Orin Ridge had somehow taken over the elder body of James from the future. Who knew that crazy crap like this was even possible?

Having gone off on his own mission now that Malcolm and Cameron had left to pursue the Osirian deity Atum he decided the only one capable of getting through to Sophia was her very own Mother. Her daughter being very selfish in her Mother's time of need. It was only hours ago that the alien Tree of Life known as Briar had assumed Madigan's body. Leaving Maddy no place to reside in her ghostly form. In her imbalanced mind Maddy chose a bit of isolation. Choosing to eavesdrop on the Ganthorians in her distrust of their almost robotic actions. It was the only thing she had left. Finding a way to protect her friends.

"Maddy?"

Shining a flashlight about James and his faithful dog Xander crept along. In the lower power of the X'Hal only certain areas were lit up by the Ganthorians as they repaired the crippled vessel. If that was what they were truly doing. Even James worried what was really going on.

A loud clinking makes James jump. Following the noise with his light he notes a circular jar rolling across the floor. Jerking about he casts the light higher to see a familiar face. 

"MOE! What the hell Dude."

"Moe bored."

"Help me find Madigan then. Don't scare the life out of me."

"Make Xander go pee." His dog telepathically growls.

"Great. Try not to step in it. Come down from those shelves Moe."

Climbing down easily Moe follows James further into the large room. Deeper within it got creepier. Strange containers carrying what appeared to be swirling embryos reacted to the light. 

"What is this place?"

"Is food?" Moe touches the glass. In response the embryo stew lashes at his hand print like leeches sucking at the glass.

"More like you're their food I think. Better stop touching it and let's keep going. Maddy has to be here somewhere."

Continuing onward the darkness grew intense and the air almost constricting. Sweat beaded all of them. Finally the battery in James flashlight flickers, "Oh come on. This is no time to die. Freaking batteries." Another flicker then pitch blackness.

"Xander pee again."

"Right behind you Xander." James swallows. A putrid odor suddenly strikes their nostrils, "Don't tell me."

"Moe go poo." 

"Ewwww! Dude what have you been eating?"

As they huddle together James feels a draft over his hair. In an attempt to restart his flashlight he pelts it numerous times. Finally it illuminates once more. Its beam directed at Madigan Ridge hovering beside them. 

"AHHHHHHHHHH!" All three Amigos screamed until they realized Maddy was telling them to be silent by touching a spectral finger to her lips.

"Maddy? We've been looking all over for you." He halts his words and attempts sign language while holding the light under his chin. Seeing images cast on the wall Moe begins making his own shadow puppets chuckling at his creatures. Maddy maintained her gaze on James.

Knowing she knew sign language helped. Trying best not to think what he was relaying so as Orin Ridge could not read his mind he sang tunes in his head. All the while letting her know that Orin Ridge was inside the body of the elder James Ian. Then letting her know that Sophia was in danger. After a few more attempts Maddy swooped away leaving the trio alone once again. Seconds later out went the light.

"If I step in Moe poo I'm going to kill you. Ancestor or not."

A loud fart made them all head for fresh air.

Below them Greta Winston had calmly led Harpea, Elle, and Animahni to the storage closet where K'Vyn and the docile baby Orin were hidden away. The baby had not eaten in a day or more but seemed healthy in body if not a mindless shell at this point having had K'Vyn's thoughts purged of his imprisonment within the baby. K'Vyn was lifeless his own brain toasted by Orin.

Sickened Harpea did her best to block her thoughts on the matter with a telepathic shield. It was not strong enough as her nose began bleeding. Elle retrieved the baby from K'Vyn's grasp while Greta and Annie eased the Ganthorian to the floor. He was long gone as Harpea frowned at his loss. He was a good Scientist if not her best. As if anticipating the future Elle hands Harpea the baby.

"What do we do now?" Greta joins with Elle as they had before. Annie looking betrayed suddenly. She had not witnessed their strange union of privacy before now. In a bold move Elle brings Annie in encasing even her in her gemlike state. It freaked Animahni out until Elle spoke.

"Relax Annie. It's only temporary. As long as my body touches yours in this form you and Greta are immobile. We're safe here I think."

"Bringing the baby into this ain't smart Elle. What if Orin can still see through its eyes? Hear through its ears?"

"Pretty certain Elvis has left the baby."

"Poor thing."

"Poor nothing. That bastard was hanging out inside an innocent looking baby and plotting to take over the world. Over us at least. We need to think smart here girls."

"How are you doing this?" Animahni shivers.

"New trick I figured out. Wasn't sure just how far I could take it until I brought you in. Within my shell I think we're safe from Orin's mad mind reading. Our life fiber suits are linking us within Greta's stealth mode. Think of it as your paralysis touch. We have to make him believe we have no clue. Sneak up on him and make him force his hand. Annie? Once we distract him I need you to paralyze him. Hopefully your touch can fog his mind just enough for Harpea to get the drop on his head. Maybe some form of sleep to keep him in check."

"What about Sophia? She won't take lightly to abusing her beau."

"Don't let her touch you Greta. Simple as that. Sonics took her Tyrants by surprise down south of us. We can use that on her again if it becomes necessary. Alright? I'm gonna recall my diamond shelter neither of you can think about doing what we got planned. We let this fall into place organically. Deal?"

"Agreed." Both speak up. 

As the gemlike flesh trickles back into Elle they shiver at the sensations. She had literally gelled her diamonds around them before hardening and then retreated just as easily. It was almost horrifying.

Harpea held the baby in her open palms looking distraught. Her shields waning she felt helpless. A finger to her lips Elle claimed the baby and walked away. The others followed leaving poor K'Vyn to a bed of tile. Lifeless he would be dealt with later. Each of them worried that Harpea's mental shields were not strong enough to keep their secret. Plenty of humming was going on.

The City of Gold, just outside of Celestial City. 

"Please Lord God save my baby." 

Renee Ramse held up in a dank dark corner caged in planks of bamboo. The Moons in the sky glowing brighter her only light source. Having been captured by a mish mash of Indian cultures that resided together in this region she was separated from her child Jimmy Jack. At merely a year old he appeared older, acting smarter than most. Still he was a baby. He needed his Mother. Looking out over blazing fires amid the City of Golden Temples she searched for him the only way available to her currently. She had been to the Yucatan before and seen the sites. These temples dwarfed them in stature and beauty. A marvel in a lost world such as Pangaea where it seemed that everything lost had found a home. Renee Ramse was one tough lady. Though frantic of heart her adrenalin was ready to motivate her at any second. She knew it would do no good to attempt escape just yet. Her limbs were still numb from the blow dart that incapacitated her up on the mountain where the Maltese Cuckoo crashed. Her greatest hope was that her friends would not abandon her. Surely not. Her child was a Reflection of God. He was too important.

"Where are you Jack? We came too far to let things end without you ever meeting your son. Even if I don't make it he needs his Father."

A timid glow appears to her left in the darkness. Suddenly she found herself with two unexpected visitors. Having only heard of the man seeing him meant nothing until the introduction. 

"Well now, who have we here?"

Renee clams up and merely looks at him. The man was statuesque yet not a large man. Around 5'7 she surmised. Obviously he was regal enough by his attire. She could barely see the woman behind him. She too was dressed in stunning robes. There was something different about her. As he steps aside a bit Renee got a much better look. In her mind she mutters one word, "Ganthorian?"

The man narrows his brow, "You know of my bride's race? Who are you Woman?" As if he wasn't already reading her mind for answers. Lucas Dorsey maneuvers the mind with ease. She could even feel him digging.

"Get out of my head." She stares coldly.

"Ah, spirit. You look as if you would kill me if given the chance."

"Dorsey right?"

"Now that is intriguing. How is it you know my name?"

"Let's just say your name is pretty popular."

He bends at the waist to get a better look at her, "Ah. You know my bride as well. Do explain."

"Not even my name rank and serial number Jew."

"Name calling? It appears you know me far better than I predicted. No matter you will forgive us on such a joyous evening. The moons are bright and ending all of their journeys right after our nuptials tomorrow. Tonight as they say, we party. Come Kym'Ani one baby's loss is another's gain." He rubs Kym'Ani's belly, swollen and nearing term. It was then that Renee realized he was not truly there. They were both holograms. As they walk away his words haunt her. She leaps to her hands and knees and rushes the bamboo, "One baby's loss? Nooo. JIMMY JACK?" She yells loudly. The population of indigenous people ignore her and walk on by. She knew in her soul if she could not escape her son would die tonight.

Elsewhere, in the jungles, higher up on the mountain...

"It's so eerie looking out at the darkness Milo. The stars in the sky are so clear. The Moons...ummm Milo you might want to check this out."

Serena Dorsey points out the cockpit window of the Maltese Cuckoo. The alien Grey Milo Greyson glued to his network of consoles while still making repairs through nanite builders. The ship was almost back in working order. Power restoring slowly. Ignoring her only made Serena agitated. She felt alone in the world as it is losing her loved ones. In a low pitched grumble she storms his chair ten feet away and drags him from it by his thin arm. He wheezes in his plight.

"You break it you bionic it." He chimes.

"Stop ignoring me Dumbass. LOOK AT THE MOONS."

Crouching a bit as he sits in a pilots chair he peers out the window. Branches from the collision into the trees were lessened after gradually being removed by larger Badger drones as Milo referred to them. Basically creepy crawly's that clawed and cleared the ship of debris. Now they could see the Heavens.

"Eeeeeep! Milo shocked."

"What does it mean? First it was two moons now I see five." She bulbs her eyes.

"Put eyes back in head Ser'Ena. You have concussion? Milo only see two still."

"What? No I distinctly see five. Three smaller moons sneaking in from behind."

"Me check with MEMO. Milo not call you liar. Milo only see two. Happy now?"

"Sure. You don't need to be snippy with me."

He begins punching keys relocating his orbital satellite MEMO now over what would one day become the area of Venezuela. Repositioning it to turn and point toward the moon orbiting Earth at the beginnings of History his jaw droops. 

"You no liar, liar pants on fire. MEMO detect more moons not to naked eye. How you see?"

She shrugs offering a bewildered tremble, then she looks at her blue diamond ring on her hand, "You don't think this has anything to do with it?"

"No clue what ring is. Milo not have time to test it. Besides Ser'Ena never take it off."

"Strangely I feel lost without it. I'm not certain how to explain it. Honestly I don't care anymore. It's powerful. It brought SeVen back from the dead and healed him." She shivers and looks up from ogling the gem, "You don't think? Could it have kept him alive before we left Lost Horizon?"

"Know not. He look dying when Cuckoo phased."

"I think I'm going to have hopes that he's still alive then."

"If REGION got him not happy to live."

"Don't ruin my moment Antboy."

"WHAT THAT?" Milo catches a glimpse out the window. Swiveling away from returning MEMO to its rotation back on Earth he glares out the window toward the ground. A low vibration begins to let them both know it exists. Not to mention the low pitch roars of a miniaturized Dragon named Cano in a special pet taxi behind them.

"Are the others returning?"

"No. Milo sense they decide to go toward City to save Ramse Renee and baby boy. I keep mental track of Psi Chii through her eyes I see."

"Speaking of eyes." Serena swallows, "Have you noticed your sick jar of eyeballs keeps looking up at the sky next to you?"

"It do?" Milo dares to look, "You most curious. Owner of eyes alive out there. Milo think eyes try to show direction of owner. They search for one another."

"That...sounds pretty frightening."

"Reunite if lucky. Protect until then. No...Milo sense intruders outside."

"Natives that took Renee and Jimmy Jack?"

Hearing her mention the two Cano rocks his pet carrier skidding it a few inches. Serena offers a concerned look, "I think Cano is worried for Jimmy Jack." Another round of rattles confirms it.

"We use idea soon. Milo edgy using Cano. He unpredictable. Might turn on us."

"I have a question that's been nagging me. What is so special about Cano? How did you come to keep him in Lost Horizon?"

"Bloodline strong in Cano. Last of line." Milo then whispers telepathically into Serena's mind for safety, "Not no more. Line begin here in Pangaea. Cano find family here if set loose."

"Ouch! Warn a girl before stalking her brain. So there are more Dragons out there now?"

"Is...of sorts. We release him only if Psi Chii and Obie not save Baby Boy."

The exterior vibrations increase forcing Milo to examine the locale about them. His expression grows fearful, "Pleidians return."

"What? Are you certain we can't get their help?"

"My peoples and their peoples at war in this age. Milo read history books. MEMO see movements of Pleidians centuries from now. Long time before peaceful relations."

"At least we can attest that Earth survives right? Coming from the far future."

"Yes. No. If Daddy Dorsey mess with history and it go bad paradox will make us no exist."

"WHAT? We...we might fade away and...we can't let that happen."

"Why we here. Find family, friends, foes. Save Time as know."

"What are the Pleidians doing out there?"

"Me think detecting nanites. They use electromagnetism of Pangaea as power to fix. If they find...we toast no butter."

"Not unless we toast them first." She points at Cano.

"Risky business no Tom in boxers."

"You are soooo weird little man."

"Last resort. Papa Roach song. Milo like. No relation to Milo before ask."

A loud thump outside makes them both jump, "Are they on top of us?" Serena whispers with a dread. Milo merely nods. They had been officially discovered.

"Watch your step General. Snakes all around us." Psi Chii informs. General Obadiah Ridge wearing night goggles nods his affirmation. Keeping their conversation concealed by telepathic link helped ease the tension of being heard. They had made their way as close as they possibly could toward the City of Gold. In the brightness of the Moons the City lit up like Vegas.

"It's magnificent isn't it?" Obadiah stops just long enough to admire the beauty.

"You notice the glow coming from the other side of that mountain range?"

"I tried not to think about that. Yeah there must be another City over there."

"Where Lucas Dorsey is probably keeping hidden. He doesn't seem to step out much, using holograms to see what's going on around him."

"I wonder why? Is he that worried someone might take him out before he achieves whatever goal he's setting out to do?"

"Sounds right. Whatever that is I think it's coming very soon. Man I wish I could speak Aztec or Mayan."

"How are those civilizations co-existing? Wouldn't they most likely be at war with one another?"

"Peace treaty I suppose. That or Dorsey is forcing them to get along."

"Right. I wonder where Buku is?"

"Still underground. He went quiet in my head so I'm only praying he's just blocked by interference of minerals. He will find a way out. Have faith."

"If you say so. Have you located Renee?"

"Yes. Over there in that smaller village. Jimmy Jack is in that large temple over there. I sense him...giggling?"

"Laughing? At what?"

"If I could see through the Reflection's eyes I would. I can only sense his emotional state. Only Milo could do that."

"Just realized...I think our dog decided to finally wander off."

"Good thing. That beast scares me. It was like he inhaled a spirit right out of my sword. Wagged its tail and strolled off."

"He's just a Pekingese. Geez."

"You weren't there General."

"Guess not. Now that I think about it he did survive those Jaguars that were stalking me and Buku before he toppled into the Cenote. I'd have thought the cats would have made dinner out of the dog. Small prey and all."

"You sure it wasn't the other way around?" Psi Chii tilts a brow.

Obadiah pauses then fidgets, "Naaaaaaaa! He just got lucky."

"So what butchered the Jaguars?" She moves onward leaving Obadiah to ponder the scene in his mind.

"Naaaaaaaa!"

Thousands of miles away aboard the Hordakian Warship...

"How are you holding up Runt?"

"Strange sailing ship Laddie." Lowball in his humanoid form sat leaning against a wall. The illusions of Circe's imagination keeping he and the others hidden from reality. Jack Ramse chose to console his friend. He hadn't had a free minute to grasp the changes in him since he was crippled. Obviously he was up and walking now.

"I hear that. So much craziness going on. Aliens. God on Earth. What's next?"

Jack sits next to the Leprechaun eying the metal trunks over his junk, "Time to fill me in Lowball. What happened here? What's this metal underwear thing you got going on?"

"Tis me axe Papsmeer." Jack had to chuckle under his breath at the Runt's choice of naming his weapon, "I buried me axe blade in the Djinn's head killin' the spook. That birdy of his dropped me as ye recall. Wretch say I made a wish and Papsmeer saved me. Bad she say but I ne'er felt more alive."

"I can see that. That was some crazy stuff you turning into a giant ball of metal and flying. You must be able to control the density of the metal from hard to super heavy to light as a feather. To be honest I'm happy for you. In this world a survivor needs all the help he can get."

"Aye. I be tryin' me best not to use a third wish. I be not wantin' to harm me friends."

"Or yourself if Wretch is correct. I have faith in you Lil Buddy. As a matter of fact I need to discuss something with you. I need you to go on a mission for me."

"Mission ye say?" He rubs his bearded chin.

"Yes. The closer we get to Dorsey I hear his mind control might get us into trouble. If for any reason we lose control over our thoughts I want you to keep Addison and Bianca away from Dorsey's takeover. These rings we're wearing might not do their jobs entirely. None of us truly know how to use them. I was thinking that you could lead Bianca, Addison, Iota, Wretch and Synu and come in to this Celestial City undercover somehow. I know you can probably find a way to conceal Iota in your metal shell. That might save you two from mind control. Obviously I'm hoping that's true. Addison and Bianca have rings. I fear them losing control over the rings. We both know how Bianca got. If she loses control again who knows what might happen. Addison sent her crew to Hell. Until we beat Dorsey I don't want to risk her losing it and sending all of us there by accident."
