 Madigan Ridge watched in a ghostly horror as her daughter slammed dead on into the frozen tundra below. In phasing through the ship following Sophia's descent she could not keep up, drifting slower toward the steaming pit she lay in. What was worse as she floated in the shadow of the Ganthorian starship X'Orr, now commandeered by the deceptive Orin Ridge she sensed further motions from above. Daring to look back she sees Xander the faithful German Shepard belonging to James Ian Pryce spiraling downward and then past her. It broke her heart knowing he would not survive. Despair setting in yet a third descender storms by her. If she could scream she would. Now in her sights was the primitive man Moe. Her terror lost steam the second she saw the hair little man switch formation as if a paratrooper. Hands pulled to his side and legs outstretched to build momentum. In a bizarre turn of events Moe caught up with Xander and plucked him to his chest. A shame neither could possibly survive the fall. Turning her gaze away knowing impact would be a bloody mess she misses something incredible.

Plucked out of the air by a large hairy arm whose hand slowed their drop only to release it. Like steps on a ladder portals appeared every sixty feet to snatch them then release. Nearing the snow covered ground one last grasp of a mighty hand drops them the last seven feet to a painful collision with the ground. Both fell unconscious instantly due to the stress build up. At least they were alive. As the portal fades they are left alone. Only a deafening echo on the wind reciting..."Gooooomezzzzz!"

Reaching the ground just as the X'Orr flies off Madigan Ridge discovered the faithful friends hugging each other but breathing. In her thoughts Madigan Ridge looked up and thanked God for whoever it was that intervened. Sensing life due to steamy exhales she could only watch over them. She had no way of keeping them warm. Strangely it was lighter in this part of the world. Akin to Alaska's daylight hours yet not quite as bright. 

Uncertain what to do she left them to check on the impact crater left by her daughter Sophia. Had the Tyrant Tears kept her as invincible as James had always attested they would? She recalled he once told her she could walk the Arctic in the nude and not feel the cold. Now would be her true test. Having freefallen a good 12,000 feet to a sudden stop it would be a miracle. Hovering above the cloud of steam her body had generated she could not even see her daughter's body. It became a waiting game. In her stressful expression she notes something else falling toward them. Studying it as best as she could she realized it was one of the Ganthorian ball drones carrying a small hard shelled container. Somebody had obviously snuck out a care package. As it struck the ground the drone fell lifeless its power level diminished. Unable to open it she could only continue her idle pose. Finally, Maddy hears an earthshaking scream, "FUCK YOU GRAMPA!!" A smile of hope immediately crossed her face.

Crawling up from the pit Sophia Ridge was glowing as if on fire. Her Tyrants had indeed strengthened her body parts into something so dense it could survive the fall. Her glow keeping her warm. Exiting the steam she spots her Mother wishing she could cry. 

"Y-you followed me out of the X'Orr?"

Offering a disappointed pout Madigan displayed sign language, "Did you really think I would abandon my sweet little Piper Sophia?"

"No. I knew you wouldn't. This is so fucked up Mom. How do we get back to the others? I can't let Grampa keep James."

A swift point to her left Sophia switches her gaze to the hairy duo freezing to death. Dropping her jaw Sophia races to their side and increases her body temperature to channel a breath of heat. It certainly saved their lives.

"Holy spit. He tossed out Xander and Moe too? Poor James...he's all alone now with that madman."

Hearing groans from Moe Sophia waits until his eyes open before lowering her glow so as not to blind him. Moe looks around him with a glint of horror which switches to awe. 

"I survived." He pets Xander as the dog revives, "So did Xander."

Sophia bulges her eyes, "NO WAY! James?"

"It worked." Moe flares his eyes grinning from ear to ear.

"What worked?"

"My mind transference with Moe. He's in my body for now. I couldn't let him die and I knew Xander...you...needed me."

"You nearly got yourself killed...to be with me?" Sophia weirds out.

"Mostly Xander but yeah."

"How did you manage that mind switch?"

"Remember that trance I went into when we first got back from below Pangaea?"

"Not really."

"Of course not you were too busy getting attached to ME...older ME...but still ME."

"Grow up."

"If only I could." He flips her off with a monkey like finger.

"I couldn't agree more."

Madigan tired of their bickering steps between them and merely gravitates. It was enough to offer a truce. Pointing at the drone Madigan shares the gift. Moe/James crawls to his feet and shuffles toward the package. Sophia got the giggles.

"What?" He looks back.

"Monkey see. Monkey do."

"Haha! Don't make fun of Moe he doesn't have the posture we do."

"Not making fun of Moe. I'm making fun of you inside Moe. Charles Darwin would love this."

"Wow! You even knowing the name Charles Darwin gives me hope. Wait a minute!" He looks straight up, "How did we survive such a fall?"

Before Madigan can offer a clue a portal opens up next to the drone and a huge hair hand slips through confiscating the drone as if laying claim to an Easter egg. In the blink of an eye he and the portal was gone. Moe/James lost his color, "What just happened?"

Madigan quiets them both and gives them a show of hands saying, "Whatever that hand was it slowed your fall all the way down. I..." Then it dawns on her she had heard the beasts name before back at the Cruise ship Cameron Scott's evil twin resided in with Moe and the other primitives. Hand gestures later she told them of Gomez. For the record James/ Moe was just happy to be alive. He and his shivering canine.

"So cool. Wonder who dropped this for us? Certainly not Orin Ridge. He wanted us dead."

"Elle and the ladies were all escorted off the X'Orr. Who was left?" Sophia pondered.

"I know it wasn't Moe in my body. He was told to go silent. Hopefully he listens and Orin doesn't pick up on my ruse." He rubs his arms against the whipping wind before opening the container. Inside was a bolt of life fiber. Dragging it out James brainstorms and wraps himself and Xander in it. The clothe then morphs to his specifications into a tent. Spiked to the ground by rocks that Sophia lay on the edges. Staying outside she merely generates a heated air flow into the tent. They were toasty warm.

Regardless James had to expel through chattering teeth, "S-s-s-so cold."

"Quit whining James you have a fur coat now." Sophia Ridge rolls her eyes. Her Tyrant Tears creating a field of heat all around her. In the frigid temperatures of the Arctic she relaxed as if back in the desert. Knowing that Orin Ridge who confusingly inhabits the elder body of James Ian would not harm the younger body for fear of ruining his new home, James made a significant move in switching he and Moe's minds with little effort. Saving not only himself but his distant relative and fellow Reflection. Essentially himself from a past life.

"W-we have to take things seriously from here on S-Sophia. Our lives depend on it. W-we can't let Orin Ridge get away with this. I-I'm sorry you were taken advantage of."

Sophia Ridge closes her eyes barely hearing James over the howling winds whipping about them. She used them to ignore his attempts to apologize. In her soul he had no reason to be sorry. She was young and dumb. Feeling foolish enough on her own without a reminder. She paced a thirty foot section of icy tundra trying to escape his leaving the tent and following her like a lost puppy. Each step her increased body heat melted slush like rivers until steam erupted as temperature variations collided. At least her constant journey kept James busy talking to himself. Yes, he was lucky inhabiting Moe's overly hairy form. It helped. Just not enough.

"Okay already." Sophia fumed returning to the billowing tent, "What's the plan genius? How do we get out of this mess? Use this tent as a hot air balloon?"

"Keep me warm as best as you can. I'm going to try calling out telepathically. This might take time I'm using a primitive mind. His brain isn't as developed as ours are. I've learned how to track neurons in my own body to enhance my brain. I'm going to try and hotwire Moe's. If this doesn't work...we walk until the end of the world."

"Stop being so negative. Do we really know the end is coming?"

"The moons are in synch. Their energies are building. You can't tell me your Tyrant buddies aren't sensing it."

"Oh they are. My entire body is tingling. It's kind of turning me on."

James drops his jaw at her expression, "At a time like this?"

"Careful Monkey boy I might seduce you. At least it's not your body. I've had enough of you Pryce guys."

"Come on. That's unfair. You know I--we would never hurt you. I can't help it Your Grampa took over my older body and -"

"Raped me? Just say it. Even though I was willing until you elegantly pointed out I was actually fucking a 90 year old. So not cool."

"He had us all fooled Sophia. It wasn't until I felt him probing my own brain that I caught on. Finding the braindead baby just clarified it. Man I hope Elle and the others are okay. I don't think Orin ordered them killed. I would have felt their pain. I couldn't even hear Greta because Animahni when she cut her open paralyzed her pain centers. Pray she survives. I know Animahni is going to lose her mind knowing Orin used her as a weapon."

"James?"

"Yeah?"

"Can I fly?"

"I don't think the Tyrants offer that option."

"So there goes my balloon idea. Besides with these winds we wouldn't be able to set a course."

"You act like you've been in a hot air balloon before."

"We did once. Remember that Mom? When you and Daddy took me up on vacation in Maui?"

Madigan smiles at the fond memory. It was a fleeting thought. Clearing his throat James sits next to Xander who seemed to have lost his telepathic link for some reason. Calming the dog Moe/James settles into an Indian style seat on the tundra. It was hard and cold on a bare butt. 

"Just hang out awhile. Let me see if I can increase my telepathic range and find us some help. I worry the X'Orr took us out of range of everyone we call friend and family."

"Where do you think we are anyway?"

"Well with the axis shifts over the centuries I can only guess...maybe middle of the Pacific? Before the water."

"Whoa!" Sophia looked around, "James Cameron eat your heart out. Bottom of the sea kind of stuff."

"Right! Now hush up and let me tinker with Moe's brain impulses."

"Okay. Me and Mom will just hang out and knit Christmas stockings."

James fell silent. Even Xander panted and closed his eyes.

Outside the Ganthorian Hilton...

"Just lay back and relax Greta. You lost a lot of blood." Elle presses her diamond hand on her friend.

Greta calmly hisses through gnashing teeth, "So heal me already."

"Working on it." Removing her life fiber from her healing hand she caresses the sutured wounds over Greta's lacerations, "I put diamond sutures over the punctures to slow the blood loss. With everything going on I thought it would be safer to slow the flow until I knew I wouldn't have to do any physical fighting."

"Which means you were afraid that I might attack you from behind." Animahni pouts as her thoughts clear of Orin Ridge's mind control.

"Sweetie I know you would never hurt anyone without being coerced." Elle looks up at her while on her knees above Greta.

"Stop the lovers quarrel and heal me Doc Franklin."

"Not a Doctor Greta but I'm the next best thing." As her diamond hand touches the tiny sutures one by one absorbing the gems like water to a sponge, Elle delicately touches her healing hand to the wound, "I have to enter the wound Greta. You might have internal bleeding. I better not risk just an external heal."

"Just do it. Ain't bitin' no bullets. None to spare anyways."

"That's my tough as nails Cowgirl."

With fingers digging deep Elle literally senses the tears in her spleen. Healing the blood trauma within she retreats and begins reattaching skin cells. Flesh bonds on its own. It was a miraculous sight to behold. One by one the four punctures are completely revitalized until Greta Winston was whole again. With a sigh Elle gently pats the Cowgirl's abdomen, "I'll be sending you the bill."

Animahni drops to her knees beside Elle and cries, "Forgive me Greta. I had no control over my actions."

"I know that. We girls know enemies when we see 'em. Friends too. I never considered you the first one. Not once."

Elle hugs Animahni from the side swiftly, "Relax Annie. We have bigger fish to fry. No pun intended."

Behind them by thirty feet the Ganthorian Leader Harpea stood alone staring out into the night sky. The Moons phases unbelievably beautiful. Yet they were of little interest at the moment.

"My people abandoned me."

Elle hears her and stands up moving across the sand to pose beside her in a similar stance. Sighing Elle fidgets, "I don't suppose you can fix the Hilton on your own?"

"I cannot. Not even with the aid of the three of you."

"I don't think your people had any control over leaving you behind Harpea. Any of us for that matter. We need to find a way to follow them. I promised to look after James Ian and I'm failing in the Guardian Angel Department."

"Orin Ridge will be the end of us all I fear."

"Maybe. Maybe not. We have friends out there too. It won't be long before Ruby sends help. Trouble is she might be in trouble herself. Especially if Ridge heads for Eden like I suspect. He knows God is there. If I were a madman I'd love to sit and chat up with the Big Guy knowing he might use him for his own benefit. God not knowing who he himself is leaves him ripe for manipulation. I'm hoping Malcolm warns her of our suspicions that Orin took over the older body of James. At least he can't fool her if he plays dumb."

"Or perhaps he will take over even Colonel Goddard. My niece will suffer if we do not rescue them."

"Anyone here smell somethin' worse than pig poop at a party?" Greta yells out.

Reacting all four of them wander around the area in search of the odor. Finally, Harpea stops cold with bulging eyes that flicker, "It is the scent of Ionization. Everyone run! Get away from the X'Hal."

Elle races to help Annie lift Greta to her feet and they all merge in a distanced escape. Behind them the X'Hal begins glowing through it's outer shell. 

"We will never make it far enough." Harpea frets.

"Everyone hold on to me." Elle grabs Harpea and drags her into a tight hold directly up against her. Annie and Greta dragged in under Elle's other arm touching all three at once. Luckily everyone wore life fiber this day. If not someone would likely perish. In a bold last attempt Eleanor Franklin expands her diamond flesh out over all four of them until they became a mass crystalline statue. Just in the proverbial Knick of time.

In a deafening implosion of light the X'Hal behind them was no more. Vaporized from within. Not even debris flew past them. Once the light subsides Elle recalls her protective shelter leaving them all speechless. Turning cautiously toward the X'Hal they find a torched husk. The interior was uninhabitable. Silence overran their emotions. That was their home. All they had left were cargo containers should they stay. 

"There goes the Neighborhood." Elle huffs breaking the silence.

Harpea offers more, "We dare not enter the shell. The energy swell will linger and be harmful to us." 

"Damn. There goes the photos of My Family back home."

"My...birthing tube." Annie whimpers. It was her first home. A place of peace and contentment.

"I reckon we hoof it to Eden." Greta puts her hat on wincing at nerves still sorting themselves within her belly.

"Alright. Grab a few munchies from the garden. Let's go prepared for the long hike."

"Water?" Animahni frets.

"Lil in my water pouch but not much." Greta shakes her cow skin canteen.

Elle steps to Animahni pulling her close, "Your life fiber should keep you moist enough to travel. Don't you worry your pretty lil head. We stick together."

"Too bad they didn't leave those mechanical horses outside after Malcolm left." Greta nods toward the earlier landing field.

"Is what it is." Elle agreed.

Harpea looks toward the desert, "If only my telepathy could reach this...Eden."

"Closer we get that might be an option. Until then we walk. Like I said...pull up some carrots and tomatoes and lets get to steppin'."

It would be a long night.

Eden...an hour earlier at best.

Marshal Lionel Warjorj had held his Stetson out of respect for the young child Abigail. She was family out of necessity. Tears welling up in all of their eyes. In a strange turn of events the Midget Werewolf Bogart Ross began digging a grave with his own paws. To some it might look as if he were burying a bone. Perhaps he was. He was like Abigail's Father. The one that knew her the longest. The Gypsy Stefan held a shovel in his hand but each time he attempted to help Bogart snapped vicious jaws at him. Bogart was on a mission. 

As Chokote tended their fire to offer more light he notes the alien Tree of Life from another dimension expressing sadness. Within the human body of Madigan Ridge tears of green streak her cheeks. Briar was an Empath. In her own way she understood certain things about human nature yet in others she was naïve. Respecting Madigan's corpse as best as she could Briar had often wished there had been another way. By adopting the woman's body to become mobile away from her prison within the X'Hal the friends and family of Madigan distrusted her. Worse yet she gave them more of a reason by associating herself with the mad Osirian Osiris himself. Tricked by his mental offering of love. An emotion she longed to know. Seeing the people surrounding Abigail she could sense their deepest affections for her. It was beautiful. It stirred Briar to no end.

A good fifty yards away Malcolm Brand, Cameron Scott, Sabbath Black, and Ruby Goddard stood next to a seated God. 

"We need to get moving Cam. Atum can't reach that Mountain."

"I hear you Mal. Give me a few minutes more." Cameron Scott takes Sabbath Black by the hand, "Walk with me?" They step away for a private moment. Her eyes dancing at his wishes.

Ruby winces at Malcolm, "Looks like they made up."

"Seems that way. Hey Colonel? Before I head out there's something you need to hear. Should have took priority but with Jack talking through God there...well..."

"Insanity. I get it. What's up Malcolm?"

"Before I left James Ian tried to tell us that he thought Orin Ridge had taken over his older body."

"What?"

"I wasn't sure what to make of it. I left it to Elle. I hope you don't think I made the wrong decision? I just know Atum needs to be stopped and I'd like my original body back. We went over that and I understand your trying to make me see I'm still me but...that body was mine first."

"Rings that way if Orin did take over the body of elder James. Our boy James wants to secure his adulthood too. I'll look into it but, this belly of mine is telling me to take things slower."

"Understood Colonel. Just filling you in just in case the kid's right. Pretty sure Elle can handle things."

"Same here. Be safe out there Soldier." Ruby salutes first, hugs secondly. Malcolm Brand in pressing his body against hers feels babies kick. Offering a bright expression Mal stares at Ruby, "I'm thinking they're saying Good Luck too."
