 "He's here!"

Ruby Goddard stood wincing at the pain of her swollen ankles. Seeing the massive starship X'Orr looming directly over Eden scared her knowing the truth within. She knew the ship and its inhabitants could not enter without Gaea's blessing but the sight of it blocking out the sky still worried her. Even God, the old man beside her felt the difference in atmosphere.

"Heavens! Where is Heaven?"

"Easy there God. Don't freak out. It's only a spaceship blocking out the stars." Ruby calmed him leaning to place a warm hand on his shoulder. To their left Gaicazar stood guard. 

"We know Osiris could only get through when guards were down." Ruby assures, "As long as Gaea doesn't let them enter we should be fine."

God mumbles incoherently, "The young man of light...so beautiful...it reminds me of a lovely young lady." He stares at Ruby, "As lovely as you My Dear."

As he falls silent once more Ruby looks to Antonaeus who shrugs, "That was disturbing."

After ten minutes over them the X'Orr moves to the outskirts and sends bright lights toward the desert area just beyond Eden. The exact same spot a certain Osirian Pyramid had found to rest upon. Claiming the vacancy the Ganthorian ship set down and went silent. 

In the thicket bordering the desert Marshal Lionel Warjorj, Chokote the Comanche fire warrior, and the midget Werewolf Bogart Ross hid in wait. They had been prepared by Colonel Ruby Goddard to ambush anyone coming from the X'Orr. 

Deeper in the denseness of Eden's ever growing expanse a T-Rex named Adam and his mate, a forgiven Eve protect their children. Eve whose soul inhabited a colossal Komodo Dragon corral their children between them eying the intruders from higher ground. Both prepared to come to the defense of their friends below.

"Why are they just sitting there?" Bogart gets nervous wanting to scratch his ear. He was not even in his wolf form yet indecisive of whether to scratch with his hand or his foot. Sometimes his forms seemed to interfere with one another. Probably the weird Moons above.

"You in a hurry?" Lionel grits his teeth, fingers tightening on his rifle.

"Just know this is gonna go down badly. I'm still bothered over Briar and Abigail being one person now."

"I reckon it ain't no worse than you being a man and a wolf."

"I never thought of that. Only since those Moons changed the game I'm in control over myself now."

"Appears Abigail and Briar are at peace with one another. Nothing we got to say."

"I guess."

As Bogg pondered the similarity further Chokote points toward the X'Orr. After all the time it sat there the ramps finally dropped. Light illuminating from the interior a Man stepped into the doorway. 

"Anybody you know Bogart?" Lionel winced.

"Never met the fella but he looks like an older version of that James Ian kid. He grow up real fast?"

"Nope. Ruby said not to trust anyone coming in from that there Ark."

"Ark? It does make you think doesn't it? Living in the Garden of Eden. God sitting on a log. An Ark in the middle of a desert."

"Any animals holed up in it?"

"Lizards. Never really had a tour. Stayed outside under the moon the short time I was there. For the record there was another Ark sitting beside that newer model."

"No Noah no Ark."

"Maybe the adult version of that kid is Noah."

"Pushing our luck trying to decipher the Good Book Bogart."

"Ain't that the truth."

"He's comin' down. Spread out. Nobody ambushes him unless Ms. Ruby gives the order."

"Oh come now Marshal Dillon. I'm no threat."

"Who said that?" Lionel looks around him, "Name's not Dillon."

"I am Ruby Goddard's son. Relax I am no threat. You may call me James."

"As in King James?"

"Oh I like that. Sure why not."

Bogart and Chokote stress over Lionel talking to himself. Finally they conclude that Lionel was hearing the Man walking down the ramp. It only took Lionel to acknowledge their suspicion.

"Voice in my noggin."

"Right the boy read minds I think. His adult self must be using that."

"Like I said...spread out."

The two companions do as directed and move to the South and the North of Warjorj. Lionel himself taking point and stepping out of the bushes to point his rifle at James Ian's body, Orin Ridge's mind.

"Far enough Mister Ian."

"Pryce actually. Well that was my adopted name that my foster parents gave me. We all pay Prices don't we?"

"Depends on what the Mercantile is sellin'."

"I grew up on Westerns. You remind me of a cross between John Wayne and Clint Eastwood. A little bit of Glenn Ford. Would you be so kind as to escort me to My Mother?"

"Only if she gives me that authority."

Between the moons above and the interior lights of the X'Orr so bright the shadows were alive all around Warjorj who stood tall and imposing. As if he needed an assist a shadow erupts through his. It was the Angel known as Godshadow poising her shadow spear.

"You may not pass."

Skipping down the ramp Orin begins singing the tune, "Me and My Shadow." which was unnerving. James Ian had the worst singing voice ever. Better compared to Orin's but it was a given.

"Come now I'm no threat. I am here to pick up my Mother."

"You are here for the Creator." Godshadow stands defensively.

"Well there is that. I'll ask you once more to escort me to Ruby Goddard. While I don't seem to be able to pick up on your shadowy gal pal I can read you quite well Wyatt Earp."

"Nice fella Earp. Still not lettin' you pass."

"I see."

In an attempt to be intimidating Orin Ridge conceives an army of Ganthorians holding guns toward them from all angles. Godshadow sees the truth but does not realize what Lionel envisioned. Spitting to his left Lionel offers his own solution and counters Orin with a dozen black Lions. Now these Godshadow sees quite vividly.

"You are one with the shadows as I am?"

"Somethin' like that."

"Well now. Isn't this getting interesting. Lions made of shadow. You two are very talented indeed. Another strategy perhaps."

Bogart Ross feels a tug inside his thoughts that clears his mind giving way to the wolf within. A bestial uncontrollable beast. Bogg Ross lost his own thoughts and knew of only one thing. Hunger. In a dash through the foliage he races toward Lionel bearing fangs and snarls. Godshadow prepares to protect Lionel when a wall of fire erupts between Bogart and the Marshal. His dozen lions roaring over the blaze. Warjorj was grateful to his traveling companion Chokote for restraining Bogg in a ring of fire.

"More surprises. What's next a girl in ruby slippers and her lil dog too?"

"Get your ass out of James Ian Pryce Orin."

"Close enough. Hello Mother." He observes Ruby Goddard awkwardly step into the light.

"Don't make a pregnant Dorothy shove her slippers up your ass. What's your game Ridge?"

"Game? Mom it's me James." His mental attack swarms her senses aiming for confusion.

"James?" She shakes her head, "No! You can't be James. He just spoke with Jack and..." She fights to conceal the term God.

"So it's true. God is here. This Creator. Come on Mom let me meet God. He must have some really interesting stories to tell. I am his Reflection after all."

"You're a Reflection of madness Orin. Stop this the World might be about to end. We should be working together to stop whatever Lucas Dorsey and Osiris is planning. Let us use the X'Orr to defeat Atum."

"Atum? Whatever is an Atum? Splitting atoms are we?"

"This is no time for jokes or your schemes Orin. I'm serious. Look up at the Moons. How many do you see?"

Stepping the rest of the way down the ramp he looks skyward. The overhang of the starship preventing a full array of the cosmos. Confidently he moves closer to Ruby even as Godshadow prepares to cast her spear. Only Warjorj prevents her cast.

"Interesting panorama. Five moons."

"So you as a Reflection...my son as a Reflection that is. Your eyes can see it like I can as his Mother. Not many can view them all. Something very, very bad is going to happen soon Orin. Work with us. We can feud later if we all survive."

"I do understand Colonel Goddard. No more referring to you as Mother. Let's sit around a campfire and plan a strategy."

"You also understand I don't trust you Orin. This is close enough."

With the wave of his hand the illusions of the Ganthorians fade away. As a compliment to his decision Warjorj recalls his lions fading away into the Garden.

"Trust has to be earned Orin. Bring me the body of MY James Ian. The young one."

"Of course." Looking over his shoulder he grins and produces a Ganthorian guiding young James Ian outside. Seeing Ruby the boy yells, "MOM!"

"Seriously Orin? We both know my son was tossed off the X'Orr over the frozen North. Or whatever direction the tilt calls North in this time period."

"Ah! You know about that as well. Interesting. How exactly did you know?"

"James is still alive. All of them are. They survived your attempt at homicide."

"Do tell? The nympho I can fathom, her nasty complexion saved her. How did the dog and the Monkey survive?"

"Does it matter? Obviously they have a Guardian Angel." Godshadow narrows her eyes at the thought. If shadows had eyes.

"I see." Orin pauses to inhale the fresh air before continuing, "Anyway. Someone should invite me in to this glorious domain."

"Not on your life." Ruby stands firm.

"What about the lives of your son. Sons? Just son. As you probably know I have in my possession not just the elder version of James Ian Pryce but also his younger self." He grimaces, "Even if he did monkey with his brain patterns."

"Haven't you harmed James enough Orin?"

"This body was vacant. No harm no foul. Still, if you shoot this body I quite imagine it effects the youngun'. We both know you won't risk killing James. Right Mommy?"

Teeth gnashed Ruby feels her belly tense up. As if Baby James within her was informing her that Orin Ridge was correct in his presumption.

"Well now, how did I overlook that? You're carrying James Ian as a bambino. This is complex. I wonder how this all plays out? Three generations of the same lad. Boggles the mind doesn't it?"

Ruby sealed her eyes uncertain of what options she had. Her biggest stress was if she let Orin pass then God might be in jeopardy. This was not just about her son. Present or future. She was barely coping with the recent revelation of more babies in her belly. Including a Ganthorian. How was that even possible? She couldn't even blame Jack for the other four children. He was still a target though regardless. 

"Bring me young James."

"Let's agree to disagree. He's safe and sound where nobody can harm him."

"What did you do with Elle and Greta?"

"Let's just say they stayed home."

"The X'Hal?"

"What's left of it."

"WHAT?" Ruby dropped her jaw, "Orin what did you do?"

"A bit of interior decorating. A fresh coat of paint. Most likely red."

Ruby had to know if her allies were still alive. In a bold move she glances out toward Godshadow, "Can you travel to the X'Hal? See for yourself if our friends are still alive?"

"I will not leave the Creator." Godshadow stands proud.

Before she could plead her case the sound of a motor revved up. Off to their left Cameron Scott's Dodge Charger lit up like a Christmas tree. Even more puzzling God sitting on his log by the fire was loudly mumbling, "VROOM! VROOM!"

Kicking up dust beneath spinning tires the car took off out into the desert.

"Will wonders never cease?" Orin chuckles, "A car charger." Having had enough Orin began walking toward Ruby. Instincts took over as Godshadow attacks using Orin's own shadow to rise up behind him and attempt a blow with her staff. The shadow rod didn't even get close. Time after time she tried. Lionel Warjorj firing warning shots at Orin's feet merely deflected and ricocheted.

"Hold your fire Marshal." Ruby ordered, "He's wearing some sort of force field. Damned Ganthorian tech. He shouldn't be able to pass through the mystical barrier to Eden unless Gaea approves."

Orin keeps on walking while whistling with confidence. Straight through a wall of Chokote's fire he goes unharmed. Continuing on his journey he doesn't stop until a young girl steps in front of him innocently.

"Hello."

"Step aside little girl."

"I don't want to. God is my friend. Our friend."

"Abigail girl back on away." Lionel advises.

"The barrier does not recognize him as an enemy. He is within the body of James Ian Pryce." Briar surfaces within Abigail's voice.

Ruby palms her forehead out of options. With Gaea slumbering there was no solution other than to let Orin enter. 

"Any more objections? As you said we're all running out of time." Orin again glares up at the sky.

"FUCK!" Ruby curses.

"I thought not. Now where was that old codger acting all High Octane? Ah, there he is." Orin makes his way past Stefan who shivered in his tracks. Gaicazar lifts his sword from his hilt glowing brightly. Suddenly, God himself poised his gnarled hand in the air as if telling the Roman to desist. Hesitant Gaicazar sheaths his blade.

Smiling at his mental manipulation of the old man Orin laughed inside. It was nothing to suggest him to do such a small move with big consequences. None of them considered the fact that Orin was the one instigating a false intervention. Taking a seat beside the old man Orin within James stares into the coals of a dwindling campfire.

"We should toast marshmallows."

"Vroom!" God mumbles yet again.

"So, you're the Man. The living legend. Creator of all of this." Orin motions to the world about them, "How is it that you're here in Pangaea and well...out of sorts?"

God turns and looks at Orin with a smile, "Reflection."

"I was hoping you might say that."

In a twisted turn of events the elder body of James Ian Pryce falls backwards to the ground. Gaicazar uncertain if he should come to his aid or stand clear. God merely looked at the fallen body with a troubled look. For the moment everyone seemed paralyzed by the event. Ruby Goddard raced to the limp body of her son and dropped to her knees. There was no pulse. His eyes were lost. Had God sent Orin Ridge away?

"Oh my...!" She glares about, "I think God kicked him out."

Even a living shadow was taken by surprise.

Within the X'Orr...

Moe the primitive man lay in stasis with only his eyes allowed to move. He was hungry. Like a wild beast he wanted to jump up and throw things around in a tantrum. Yet his limbs...the limbs of young James Ian Pryce, the body his mind was lodged into resisted. Insanity wanted to creep in. Hearing a noise to the left his eyes attempted to follow the interruption of his tragedy. Suddenly, a familiar face stood before him. One that merely places a finger over his mouth to remain silent, as swift fingers disengage the stasis tube. Once the gravity cells deactivated Moe collapses. The tube opening he could only let his savior carry him away.

Mav'Ryk intended to get him to safety before his mind controlled Gathorian comrades could warn Orin Ridge of the escape attempt. Taking Moe/James to an extraction pod he was hidden away. Moe was even left with a bundle of fruit to quiet him once all of his bodily functions returned.

Concealed for now Mav'Ryk resumed his duties and played along. His Ganthorian meditations performed even as his body acted. It was as if a form of sleepwalking. Not even Orin Ridge knew of such meditation techniques. Thankfully.

Somewhere very cold...

"Will you please stop with the chattering teeth? It has to be eighty degrees in this tent." 

"Sorry Sophia. In this body Moe's chemistry is different than mine. I'm doing my best but I can't stop shivering. Mind over matter isn't working."

"Neither is this bearskin. It helps but not when you're nude beneath it." Madigan Ridge curls up next to Xander the German Shepard. Since being fed via the portal pest Gomez the dog felt in need of rest his eyes only opening for a moment at Maddy's snuggling.

"I wonder what possessed Briar to give up your body?" James fought the chills.

"I don't know. What bothers me more is I think my body needs to be buried before I can switch from ghost to human. Which means someone must have put me back into the ground."

"Maybe this Briar freak couldn't survive in your body like she thought she could." Sophia considers, "At least I have my Mommy back."

"For how long though? I feel strange inside. Almost as if something is calling out to me."

"Don't follow the white light Maddy." James within Moe's furry body chuckles.

"Not funny Chimp." Sophia sneers.

"Right. It wasn't. Sorry I crack jokes when I'm nervous."

"Nervous about what?" Maddy peers at him without moving.

"Everything. Like you I still feel as if I'm out there in somebody else's mind. Ever since I had a three way communication with Jack and God it's like I'm tuned in but not privy."

"Try going back in. Maybe you can get us some help."

"I told Jack an approximate location but I think he's too busy to help us like that. He's where Lucas Dorsey is."

The tent cover peels aside and the giant Pleidian SeVen ducks his head inside, "Where is Lucas Dorsey?"

"Know the guy?" Sophia winces.

"Of him yes. My...mate is his daughter."

"DAUGHTER?" Everyone joined in unison.

"Yes. She is the daughter of Dorsey and Princess Kym'Ani of Ganthor."

"Wait. How is that possible?" James processes it, "You're from the far future. How could his daughter get from here to then?"

"It...is complicated. If Ser'Ena survived she will be searching for her Mother."

"Like I came here searching for mine. Dad too. Only to discover the person who will give birth to me was from our future already. Right, it's complicated. Lord knows how all these paradoxes work. As long as we're still here nothing screwed the timeline up too badly. Therefore my older self must be making it up the family tree without a hitch."

"I do not understand." SeVen stares blankly.

"My husband's Great, great Grandfather Orin Ridge with some rogue Ganthorians came from the future back to seek out immortality and power. We discovered that the Leader of the Ganthorian ship X'Orr, Harpea is related to this Princess Kym'Ani." Madigan relates.

"Right. Somehow my older self in this future got us all back to that future." James suddenly looks withdrawn, a snap of Sophia's fingers calls him back, "I...think I did anyway." Truth be known things did not go as planned. In the future the spirit of his older self had recently discovered a paradox that only he had made it back. Without the others. Memories linger as if a dream then pass.

"My James will get us all home. I just know it." Sophia expressed confidence.

"Confusing indeed." SeVen acknowledges when he feels something calling him back outside. Leaving the tent the large Pleidian looks to the sky to see his drone returning from a reconnaissance mission. Circling overhead it decides to land near them. Like a living crow it prances across the landscape until it hovers over something. SeVen curious of the discovery recalls the portal drop due to Gomez. A gun. Unconcerned at the time due to so many conversations of family and knowledge thereof he had overlooked the weapon. Finding it he carefully picks it up recognizing it, "Milo's sizing gun used to shrink the dragon Cano. Where did you pluck this from my hairy friend?" He looks about as if the air had ears. Hopefully portals. Nothing but howling winds. Looking at the gun once more then to his drone the Pleidian pauses, "Of course. Thank you for your gift Friend Gomez."

Standing he steps over allowing his drone to leap and perch upon his forearm. Stepping away of their camp he sits his drone back down in the snow. It remains vigilant as SeVen moves away from it. At forty feet SeVen turns with the gun having reset it's controls and fires at his mechanical friend. As it was designed to shrink things it was also designed to enlarge. Within the persistent beam of energy the gun produces, the drone becomes larger than an Air Force fighter jet. Bigger and bigger until SeVen felt satisfied. The question remained...would the drone hold enough power to fly?
