 Mere hours before the siege on Eden occurred.

He was almost there. The colossus Atum could taste the building energies before him. The Five moon transition offering new flavors for the Gas Giant to absorb even within his hardened shell that was once Malcolm Brand. Delicious. So close he would run if this body would allow it. In this forms massive size its weight bogged him down. Regardless his every step was nearly a mile. So massive that the very ground he steps upon shivers. His quest would soon be over. If not for a delay.

Circling him flew a starship in the dimensions of an Egyptian pyramid. One very old. One that mere days before held Atum prisoner. A prison that was damaged a bit by his departure. A Soul Cell as the craft was called. A tomb for the voyage toward the afterlife. Unlike those silly longboats found buried with Pharaoh's. This was certainly after and in this colossal body he never felt more alive.

"My Son." Atum echoes through telepathic wavelengths. Within the pyramid gravitating before his gigantic eyeball sat his son Osiris. Noble in appearance now that the golden apples had made him more powerful. Reinvigorating his youth. An apple that fuels Atum as well through purging Malcolm Brand from his own body. His gaseous form inhabiting it, using it for mobility. 

"Father...end this quest before you destroy this world."

"Destroy My Son? I will forge this world into a home worthy of Myself."

"At the cost of all life upon it."

"We as Gods should not care of such petty things as those that were created insignificant."

"The Creator is here on what he called Earth."

"What he has called Heart. For a Creator of all that is he is ever the Romantic."

"He conceived us out of love. We merely overlooked it until he led me to my own Mate."

"Speak not to me of family. I am above you all."

"Only because the Creator did not offer you a shell. Life you still live Father."

"As a Son you were made of my energies, yet do not stand in my way. Not even you would I spare should you attempt to keep me from my destiny."

"Of course not Father. We are all dead. Merely souls without a living shell. All save I."

"You are more like me than you recognize Osiris. You steal to survive. Your mate, your offspring. Surely they despise you for using them."

"I will make it up to them Father."

"How would you do such a thing? Unless...you intend to reach the Mountain before me and draw upon it's substance. To which I will not allow it."

"Strike not Father. The Mountain is yours. If I might persuade you just a morsel of it's power to fuel myself and my starship I will be on my way."

"A liar knows a liar My Son. Leave me while I am being sentimental. Linger and I will destroy you. Your future will go unnoticed."

"Mere paradoxes will not undo our legacies. As long as I live my reign will have many followers."

"Yet you do not live. You are a shell with a mix of stolen life. Others keep you in this immortal realm. Leeching off me if you could still. This I will never allow again. Begone worthless Son."

A mighty hand eases the Pyramid aside rather than trying to destroy it. Osiris had mentally guided it to his Father's left side just in case Atum should change his mind. In his veering the once powerful Ruler of Egyptian lore is surprised by a newcomer in the game. Slamming like a pigeon against solid glass a winged man finds himself contorted by the impact. His cheek smashed against the shield of the Bridge. Easing off in a screeching sound Osiris sat forward on his throne.

"Horus?"

Uncertain if he was still alive after the collision Osiris draws the man inside the Pyramid with a thin tractor beam. Once within he was brought to his throne by a mechanical device resembling a magic carpet of thin metal, resting Horus at his feet until coming to. Sitting up the secondary Cameron Scott shook his head of the ringing in his ears. Adjusting the leather hood he had claimed from the tomb of the original Horus, Cam looks up.

"Sup Daddio?"

"Why are you here? To claim my real Son's soul once more? As your sister has joined with the woman Sabbath Black."

"Wait a sec...Sabbath rejoined with Koko?"

"Khonsu."

"Right Connie Sue. Wow! What made her decide to do that? I thought the souls refused to claim another's body."

"To save this world that we will one day rule again a pact was made. The multiple moons are in full force. By this time tomorrow either my Father will destroy all life so that he may live or we will have beaten him back to secure our futures. I am certain my true son knows what must be done. No longer will his Mother's selfishness lead to sympathetic reason. Atum will remove our timelines. We will have never existed."

"So stop this Atum Bomb."

"It is not that simple Horus. Within his new body he is nigh indestructible. We must find a way to remove him from the body of your friend."

"Not my friend. My other self's Buddy though. Don't ask. Not in the mood knowing we only have a day to live."

"Less than a day."

"Rub it in why don'tcha."

"Unite with my Son Horus. Become a powerful God."

"Strong enough to kick this Atum's ass?"

"Well...no. But if we work as one."

"Only me and Sabbath if I agree to that? Odds still suck. I like being me. Still getting used to that even. Having one brother is enough. Even if we're not brothers. Same person. Damn I hate explaining that crap."

"Should we survive this perhaps I can resolve your identity crisis."

"Resolve? Not if you get him to join with Bra."

"Ra."

"That's what I said."

"You called him Bra."

"Right Brother Ra. Bra."

"You test my patience."

"Sorry about that. Must be my nerves looking out at a giant bigger than the mountain ranges. Do you even have a plan here?"

"A family united was my first plan. You have seen how that played out. They resent my abuse of them to remain alive."

"Are you alive?"

"In a sense. The apple has energized my long dead cells. My soul still resides feeding upon the apple. My body has managed to survive although quite deteriorated. By using the souls of my family, that cannot pass beyond this world I have at least avoided crumbling to dust."

"Unlike a few of your kids. I should know."

"You need not remind me of their physical passing. Some clung to life longer than others. As I have said their souls remain. Bond with Horus Cameron Scott the second. Breath new life into my son. He within you will aid us in defeated Atum."

"He wasn't so happy to be Me before. I could tell."

"No man nor God wishes to be in another's shell. To survive we must adapt."

"I'm not interested in being used Daddio."

"Perhaps a temporary home? You and he may decide the terms. If we cannot set aside our differences the Creator's realm will pass. Atum will feed off of this planet until it is gone."

"Starting with actual life and souls?"

"Indeed."

"Sabbath and Connie Sue made their deal temporary?"

"They have an arrangement yes."

"Why can't this Pyramid ship just leave Earth and go somewhere safer?"

"My descendants have made certain we remain here on Pangaea to perish. I do not believe they thought our tombs would be desecrated. My remaining alive of a sort has challenged their hopes. To leave this world entirely we must work as one."

"Not sure I get why they chose to trap you at the beginning of time to begin with. Why do that?"

"Their lack of knowledge brought them to conclude that we would lay here buried, unnoticed by future generations of humankind. At the beginning of time itself life was not supposed to be more than protoplasm and single celled organisms. None understood Time was its own entity. Thousands of humans have populated this world. I believe most of them to be under the control of one man."

"The Dorsey dude." Horus never once asked how they could abuse Time Travel in the first place. He probably should have.

"Yes. The Immortal. He who challenged God by offending him in abusing his son."

"Jesus, right. Wait! Whoaaaa! He was that soldier that stabbed Jesus on the cross? The one God said would have to live until the End Times?" He only knew the story because he shared the long memories of Cameron the First.

"The same."

"Mind blown." Cam/ Horus shakes his head embracing the idea. He wondered if the others knew this yet. Having been separated from them he wasn't certain of anything. He would ask Sabbath if they survived the day. For now he makes a fateful decision.

"Point me back toward the tomb of Horus. He and I need to have a powwow."

The hand of Osiris guides him on his way.

===================================================================

Celestial City...atop a recently completed tower that was built atop the great Black Mountain. One reaching the clouds.

"The view is magnificent." Lucas Dorsey extends his arms to his side, "I can feel the vibrations growing. The Moons are nearly in total alignment. Once reaching their perfected state I can absorb the powers within the Mountain. God will then find me more than a challenge." He pauses to laugh, "This is so rich. God here to witness my takeover. Best Man at my wedding without even knowing who he is. Things could not go any better."

A cleared throat behind Dorsey just had to interrupt him.

"If it's not urgent you better have wings."

"Forgive me Lord Dorsey. Your oracles vision has come to pass. If you would look out over the mountains?" A Vizier guides him with his own prompted arm.

Stepping to the other end of the towers circular floor plan he gazes out over the world. Eyes bulging at the site of the colossus approaching. In his greed Lucas Dorsey had been preoccupied with the tower, his bride, his unborn child, dealing with the capture of Jack Ramse, and recently God himself.

"Send every fighter ship we have and blow that bastard to bits."

"Yes Lord Dorsey. As you say." The Vizier sends a messenger below deck. It was a long journey down. In its construction the tech was barely evident. Thus no elevator. Dorsey the Immortal was hardly even winded. Unlike others.

Below the Great Tower amid the cluster of starships called Celestial City...

"Easy Ladies." Jack Ramses whispered as they marched along, led by the Hordakian Soldier Tuskorog. Each of Jack's Angel allies mystically cloaked to appear as Hordakians in bad shape after their war on Circe Island. A tedious illusion cast by Circe herself at Jack's side.

"Hurry. Shelter is around the corner. I must take Jack Ramse into custody quickly or we will be noticed." Tuskorog confided.

"Right." Jack looks about him able to see who was who among the leftover Angels without the illusion hampering his own perception. Locating his choice Jack calls out, "Kariloa was it?"

A Pacific Islander in appearance Kariloa acknowledges with a shared eye contact, "Yes Oh Lord?"

"Your ring allows you to withstand pain correct?"

"Among other traits that speak out to me. Yes. Bless you Lord for offering it to this lowly one."

"Enough of the lowly one talk. We're equals here. I need you to portray me in lockup. The guards and hopefully Dorsey will believe you're me." He turns to Circe, "You're certain your illusions can cast long range?"

"Relax Jack I will do my part. They will never see her as herself. Their perception will not even notice that she is a woman when touched. No small feat I might add. They will only see a wounded Jack Ramse."

"What about her wings? If they start feeling around there's no disguising them."

"You did not feel them as you made love to them did you?"

"At one point I did. The illusion was pretty realistic but not full proof."

"My Lord?" Kariloa steps out of formation, "Remove my wings. I will sacrifice myself to your mission."

"Noble move Kariloa. I understand you will not even feel them being removed but that doesn't mean I need to ruin your life."

"There might be a solution Jack Ramse." Tuskorog intervenes removing something from his pocket, "I have been tasked with keeping the Commander's ring safe until he returns."

"S'Lopp gave you the ring I gave him?"

"He did. Our people here are important. He felt the need to secure their safety first and foremost. He instructed me to use it if necessary to keep our people from harm."

"A good Leader your man S'Lopp. Okay, cleave Kariloa's wings and we can grow them back later. Thank you for your decision Kariloa. I swear to you I will come get you as soon as I can. Do not say anything. Just endure and give us time to infiltrate the City, get to Dorsey himself and destroy his tower." Looking up he gulps, "That's one big tower."

Hordakians instructed to surround Kariloa sever her wings to which they will use to flaunt as the Butchers of Angels should they be questioned. Souvenirs of their battle won. Kariloa did not even flinch at their removal. Blood clotting instantly over their scars. Illusion recast Circe introduces Jack to Jack. The true Jack Ramse was shocked by the doppelganger.

"Not bad. Good luck Kariloa. Stay strong."

Before leaving the Angel known as Grace alias Seraph places a palm on her sisters shoulder. Kariloa nods to her with a look of "I shall not fail." As instructed Hordakian soldiers took Kariloa/Jack toward the imprisonment center. 

"Let's find that shelter Tuskorog."

"This way."

They would bide their time.

The Royal Quarters of Lucas Dorsey...

Princess Kym'Ani sat at a golden mirror, behind her a handmaiden brushing her hair. Given freedom of an uncontrolled mind the handmaiden, a short brown haired woman in her 20's performs her duties in a more intimate manner.

"Your hair is lovely My future Queen."

"My race is known for their silky locks. Even as your race calls us Lizards we share similar traits. What is your name Maiden?"

"Rebecca. I'm from Wisconsin."

"I am familiar with the land known as Wisconsin. My studies on your world is quite extensive. From what time period do you hail?"

"I got lost in 1948 Ma'am."

"I see. How long have you been stranded here in Pangaea?"

"Four years if I'm calculating right. A prisoner here for three of those." Rebecca sighs eying Kym'Ani's belly, "I miss my Belinda. I gave birth to her a year before I went missing. I pray every day that she grew up with good parents."

"You have a daughter?"

"Yes Ma'am. Her Daddy ran off to join the Army. I didn't even let him know he had a daughter. My folks died in a fire. There was nobody left to care for Belinda. Maybe Mrs. Jenkins took her in. She was my babysitter. I had to go to work being the only provider for Belinda and I."

"I...am sorry for your loss."

"You must be really excited. Getting close to the blessed day?"

"Blessed? To an unholy Father? Hardly."

Rebecca frets turning pale, "I hope Lord Dorsey ain't eavesdropping?"

"Let him. I care not. This will not go as he wishes it too."

"Please Princess...the less I know the less I won't be able to harm you with."

"Harm me? Ah, yes. You attempt to show your concern for me. You need not."

"It's in my nature...human nature to care about others Ma'am. Even those not born of this world."

"Interesting. I am afraid my experiences with Humans has been very little outside of my studies. Those that I have encountered have been quite unkind."

"Meaning Lord Dorsey. He isn't a very nice man."

"Not remotely close. A power hungry butcher at best." As silence overtakes the two they hear something unexpected.

"Where Daaa? Mahma?"

Eyes bulge as both women turn to find a sweet baby boy sitting on the Royal bed looking at them. Kym'Ani rises to her swollen feet nudging Rebecca aside.

"How is this possible?" Kym'Ani looks all around her then from ceiling to floor, "Is this some mirage of yours Lucas?" The Princess eases toward her bed sitting down on the edge daring to reach out for the Baby. Palm extended toward Jimmy Jack Ramse he leans forward and slaps it with a very vocal, "High five." Rebecca holds a hand over her mouth to conceal her shock. The illusion was real. Watching the Baby crawl into Kym'Ani's hands left both women speechless. Within her lap Jimmy Jack pats Kym'Ani's belly and looks up at her, "Ser'Ena?"

"What did you say?" The Princess ponders just how this little man could possibly know the name she had decided upon to call her child. Trying her best not to reveal her inner most thoughts for fear of Dorsey knowing she was not carrying his son but instead a daughter.

"You're having a baby girl?" Rebecca drops her jaw.

"You must not tell Lucas. He will kill our baby once he knows the truth."

"I...I'll try not to Ma'am. Once he controls my mind I'm not sure what he will force me to say. I don't want to hurt you Ma'am. I..." Rebecca knew her destiny at that very instant. Turning away from Kym'Ani she marches out on to the Royal Balcony. Looking over the edge at the many thousands of feet below Rebecca turns and blows Kym'Ani a kiss before climbing over and hurling herself to her death. The Princess found the girls honor to be noble. For a human.

"Where go?" Jimmy Jack looks at the balcony.

"A better place child. I will say a prayer for her soul. Should it alone survive." Kym'Ani takes a deep breath, "Who are you little one?"

"JAMES!" He blurts out proudly.

"Hello James. How did you get here?"

"Hide go seek."

"What...is that?"

Jimmy vanishes in a blink leaving her stunned and breathless. She then hears giggling under her bed. Leaving the mattress she drops awkwardly to the floor and locates Jimmy. He crawls back into her arms.

"Oh my! You are quite an anomaly. How could you know...Ser'Ena?"

"Ser'Ena!" He points out the balcony toward the distant mountains. Struggling to regain her footing she walks out toward the balcony not once looking down for Rebecca's body. Again Jimmy Jack points, "Ser'Ena." Awestruck Kym'Ani did not know what to make of things. Firstly, she needed to hide this baby before Lucas came back. It would take all of her own limited telepathy to ward his intrusion off. Luckily he loved her enough not to question her too harshly. An emotion she certainly did not share.

"You must go little one." Thoughts consume her as she swiftly returns to her bureau and finds her concealed diary. Removing a page she scribbles down a note. Jimmy wanted to draw wasn't helping her. Regardless her note finished she takes a ribbon and ties the tiny scroll to Jimmy's arm. Stepping back outside she points, "No hide. Seek Ser'Ena." 

Giggling the precious little Boy was gone. Kym'Ani enjoyed the breeze holding her belly. Eyes sealed she blows a kiss toward the wind. With a tender smile she opts to blow another kiss toward the ground below.

"Thank you Rebecca. You will be missed."

Earth orbit...

"Think Milo think. Use noggin." 

Pounding at his temple the alien Grey known as Milo Greyson leans on the ledge onlooking Earth as it switches locations. He was now overlooking what would one day be Central America. In his plight he feels a shuddering vibration that opens his eyes. To his shock he discovers something unexpected, "Those not five moons. Those five Earths. How Milo not notice this before? MEMO not reflect images to Lost Horizon all these years. This...something new. Eeeep! Milo need Snickers bar."

Beside him the jar of eyeballs is also privy to the visions. Something shared with their original owner. In his increased tension Milo realizes something.

"Obie you brilliant even for a human." Looking about him Milo finds a vent panel and uses it as a message board. Manufacturing a hand held welder by stripping wires and feeding off of MEMO's internal power which absorbed solar energy at a constant rate. After a feverish few minutes to construct his pencil he creates a blowtorch flame and shades his eyes with an arm. Writing carefully on the vent panel the words were simple.

"MILO IN MEMO HELP PLEASE. 20 HOURS OXYGEN LEFT."
