 {* Several weeks later, somewhere between the Arathi Highlands and the Hinterlands lies a forest inside a massive caldera. Ayma approaches an Inn standing sentinel before a vast green forest *}

It wasn't easy for Ayma to be discreet when this world's inhabitants hyper focused on her double curved horns, slender hooves and white skin. She thought she could blend in quietly as the inn was not only packed with humans, but nearly as many dwarves, a good number of Gnomes and a few night elves but she, of the Exodar was the alien amid the diverse crowd. Everyone stared at her, many conversations dying down. Ayma wanted nothing more to get out of the cold rain and her soaking wet priest robes and find a bed for the night... the way the men and even the women stared at Ayma seemed like they wanted her out of those gold and purple robes as well. Many whispers flooded across the room "Is that an Angel? She's godlike. More beautiful then they say. I thought Draenei had bigger tits...Well she's kinda short for a Draenei anyway...oi dwarves got them racks anyway. I feel like I can slay demons if she's around. Look at those horns!" Ayma blushed at the last comment about her horns. 

Thankfully the staring returned to loud shouting and blustering as patrons returned to their ale and food, many still couldn't help but steal looks at her though as she approached the human innkeeper who sported a stained shirt that was way too small for his potbelly. "Ello da'ling'! Welcome to the Farstorm Inn. The names Stowney. What can I do for you?" The innkeeper said in another one of those strange human accents. Of all the races of Azeroth, the humans were the most perplexing to Ayma. The sheer amount of variety and qualities in them ranged from embracing the light of the Draenei or the logic of the Gnomes yet they also could just as easily feed off their emotions like the vilest of Orcs or indulge in twisted schemes of the Goblins. However, the innkeeper understood the universal language of money as he saw her place down a few silver coins, quietly asking for a room for the night and a warm bath to be drawn. "it's a busy night, so just like your height, you're a bit short!" Ayma nearly rolled her eyes as he calculated a price for her. Ayma was 6'4", taller than Stowney who was average for a human. Other Draenei and Night Elves would tower over the man. She couldn't help but glance over at one of long-limbed Night Elf women who was currently teasing a drunken dwarf by slipping a hand down his trousers, laughing as she would snatch her hand away before the dwarf could grab hold and keep the hand in place. 

Ayma noticed a dark figure in the corner. His black and purple cloaked covered most of his body but showed his muddy boots and his shadowed eyes staring at her intensely under his hood. A chill went up her spine as she looked away, different types of humans indeed.

The innkeeper added an extra silver and a few copper coins to the total price, expensive but not unfair. He clipped off the features which did honestly sound great "We've got rooms of all sizes for our assorted crowd, from the scrawniest Gnome to the night elves or even the few Draenei that have graced Farstorm Inn in the past. I've gotcha in Room 19, it's at the end and connected to a bathing room with 3 other rooms, but the doors have been magicked so only 1 can ever access the bathhouse at a time!" He quickly glanced across the Inn hall. "I'll show you real quick your room and give you a quick tour da'ling" He hobbled around the counter and took her up a flight of stairs, the noise from the main floor quickly died down as he confidently led her down a hallway. "17...18...ah here we go, 19!" 

He opened the door marked 19 as a woman's voice came shouting out from within "Yes! Yes! Give it to me oh by the light!" head down in the bed, ass straight up as a Night Elf man pumped the human furiously from behind. The naked Night Elf saw a shocked Ayma first and yelped, embarrassed and rolled away to the side of the bed, grabbing for clothes. Face still down, she yelled "Hey why'd you pull out? ...oh, hello there!" she pushed up on her hands on to all 4s, large breasts hanging as she popped a smile, not at all embarrassed. 

Stowney was having none of it. "Get the fuck out of this room, what the hell are you doing in here Isabelle?" 

Isabelle scrunched up her face "erm...this is my room", still on all 4s.

"Room 29 is down the other hallway" he yelled.

It started to dawn on Isabelle that she might have made a mistake "And I'm in..."

"ROOM 19!!" Stowney shouted, red faced. By that time the Night Elf had pulled pants on, slung his shirt and shoes over his shoulder and mumbled an apology on his way out. Ayma didn't really know how to respond and Stowney was too busy yelling at Isabelle to get out.

Isabelle thankfully decided to get off the bed. She stood up and struck a pose, her dark red hair tumbled down past her massive rack, her hands balled up in fists on her hips. She was short, a sheen of sweat covered a powerfully built body with a 6-pack and fluids ran down her compact legs. Ayma had heard stories that humans and a few other races had hair in strange places, but Isabelle's nether regions were shaved, a common practice. "Like what you see?" Isabelle grinned.

"Yes...no, get out!" Stowney shouted, red faced.

"I was talking to the goat girl" ...Goat girl? 

Ayma realized she was staring and looked away, feeling as embarrassed as the Night Elf who was already out of site. "aw how cute, she's shy" Isabelle finally walked through, still completely naked and confident. Stowney grabbed a fistful of her ample breast as she passed, they both shared a smirk and snicker with each other, then Stowney slapped Isabelle's firm ass to motivate her to keep moving. Isabelle left but not before whispering to Ayma "Hey goat lady, I bet you have thousands of years of experience, but if you want to be truly daring and try something different, you know where to find me!" and walked off, completely naked and uncaring. Isabelle's clothes were nowhere to be seen inside the room.

Stowney wondered out loud how old Ayma was, she just stared at him, face passive, not telling him she was only 20 years old.

His smile faltered then he decided to keep things moving. They entered room 19, Ayma wanted to get out of her wet robes and finally rest. Stowney didn't seem to notice her discomfort and continued the tour. It was a simple room, with a rumbled bed, a nightstand, a mirror, a second door to the bathhouse, and a window overlooking a gloomy forest in the night. Lights from the inn barely scratched the surface, the deeper Ayma looked, the more ominous the dark forest felt. "least they didn't make much of a mess" Stowney laughed to himself. Ayma just thought he was trying to make an excuse not to deal with the fact that there was a couple getting it down on that bed. 

Stowney gave her a tour of the bathhouse, her hooves clacked loudly on the tiled floor as he directed her to the massive square basin the middle of the floor, filled with many steppes and curves for what she assumed different sitting and laying positions. Stowney showed Ayma the cabinet made of the same white tiles next to the basin, a closet filled with towels and robes, a massive wall to wall mirror covering a side of the bathhouse with 3 other heavy oak doors leading to other rooms. Stowney explained "Your hours are every 3rd, just make sure you activate this switch and our gnomish technology will drain and refill the tub for you within moments, this switch controls heat, this one pumps air underneath and creates bubbles, towels and robes for all sizes in here courtesy of our local tailors!" he slid open a panel to a large closet full of white, fuzzy robes and towels "no stealing, if you want some, go to the tailors, not here. Oh, you ought'a check this out!" He showed her to a rack of Night Elf made dispensers, "shampoo, conditioner, soap, cologne, and perfume" he said pointing at each colorful, leaf engraved dispenser.

"And this?" Ayma asked to a few smaller, intricately designed dispensers in the corner.

"Ah never mind those da'ling, they don't fit your prim lifestyle I would think, if your curious, just remember, smell it, don't spill" Stowney said simply, then told her he had to get back to the front before she could inquire about his cryptic advice. He left but not before shouting over his shoulder the time for morning breakfast bell.

Ayma was left alone. 

Prim Lifestyle she snorted, Ayma would be considered quite daring by Draenei standards, she had lost her virginity to her boy sweetheart when their curiosity turned into a deep desire, later Ayma quietly and boldly pursued interests with other daring young Draenei. The immortal ones were very conservative and were slow to adapt to Azeroth's lifestyles. Her mother would have been mortified if she found out, her father was long dead.

She locked the door to her room from the hallway and dropped her small traveling pack by the nightstand. Time to get out of these clothes Ayma thought. She pulled Kolo's scroll and placed on her nightstand. Ayma tugged at a few hidden ties hidden with the folds of her robes letting it tumble to her hooves. 

She still had a lot of time with her hour in the bathhouse from the tour earlier. She entered the bathhouse and flicked on the gears for hot water. Water blasted into the basin and the bathhouse quickly filled with hot steam. She pulled off her undershirt and quickly stripped off her underwear, sighing in relief as her cold, clammy skin breathed in the hot steam. By the Naaru, she loved gnome plumbing.

As Ayma waited for the basin to fill she couldn't help but check out her figure in the massive wall to wall mirror. Ayma was slender, her time to the priestly ways she had little time or need to really form the large muscles like her warrior or paladin counterparts required, excusing her to pursue a more feminine, athletic build. She took out the pins in her blue hair, letting the straight locks tumble down on her snow-white skin, reaching to her shoulders and collarbone. Ayma wished her breasts were larger, to be like other Draenei women, and that human Isabelle. At least they were firm and would not sag and were complemented by small, perky, dark blue nipples. 

The tub had filled completely and Ayma flicked off the gears with her hoof. Ayma slowly eased into the hot water, situating herself in one of the many inner curves, the scalding water coming up to her neck. She relaxed for a moment in quiet before exploring the floor cabinet next to her. She quickly went through the surprisingly excellent choices in shampoos, conditioners and soaps, her earlier frustrations with the inn's pricing evaporated as she lathered herself up, absorbing the scented perfumes, she made sure to scrub her horns vigorously, and was pleasantly surprised they had a hardened shaping stone for her hooves.

Ayma flicked the switch for the bubbles. Nothing happened for a moment, then a rumbling, then sudden blasts of airs from many previously unseen tubes hit into her. Ayma yelped, thrashing in the tub and stood up. She took a moment to look at the churning water beneath her, water churning beneath her thighs. She noticed small ring surrounding each tube, she twisted one of the rings, the jet stream lowered. She lowered the output on most jets, especially the one that had blasted her sacred place and settled down. She had never experienced this kind of bathing before where pressurized air caressed and messaged her body, gnomish plumbing indeed! The Draenei could learn a thing or two to augment their crystal tech she thought, as she slowly raised the pressure on most of the water jets again, leaving out the one slowly bubbling up on her thighs and tail. 

Ayma looked over those small, intricately made containers that bathhouse had to offer. She could see no names or identifiers as she picked one up, closely examining the Night Elf handiwork of carved leaves and wolves. Not for your prim lifestyle she faintly recalled the innkeeper telling her. She popped the hinge; looking inside and seeing a purplish green liquid. "Smell don't spill", the innkeeper had said. She sniffed; the scents felt unfamiliar yet inviting. Nothing changed. She tried another small flask with butterflies and flowers, the liquid more like a melted gold. Another sniff. She sighed, putting both flasks back into their original spots in the cupboard, not bothering with the rest.

Ayma felt finished and rolled over on to her knees to pull herself out of the tub. Taking a moment to engross herself in hot water, she dunked her head down and pressed herself into the tub side. Without warning each breast felt like they had been stabbed. Ayma gasped and brought her head up with a sharp flick. She found that her nipples were completely erect and hard! It felt like that time one of her lovers where he pressed her nipples into her chest as he explored her body for the first time, but here it was just her in the bath... alone...with those strange, scented containers. 

Suspicious, Ayma felt between her thighs and discovered it was also very sensitive, with an ache building up. She had a burning to get rid of that throbbing sensation.

Rolling over on to her back, Ayma used her thumb to anchor and then rubbed lightly on her sex, her other hand squeezing and twisting one of her nipples. She kept increasing the pressure and speed of her fingers, but that ache kept growing. 

She plunged her two of her fingers into the dark blue folds, pleasure racing up her spine. It was not enough, she needed outside help to get rid of that artificially enhanced desire.

Ayma felt a few wayward bubbles sliding up her extra sensitive buttocks and in between her thighs, tickling her. She desperately wanted more; she quickly twisted the jet stream to full power. Ayma yelled out in both surprise and ecstasy as the air blasted up between her thighs. Ayma positioned her body a little lower so her inner curve took the full brunt of the jet stream. Gasping, she plunged three of her fingers in, hammering herself into a crescendo. She felt it coming but the power of that orgasm racked her completely, her body twitched as she yelled out and thrashed as water splashed around in the bathhouse before receding back into the basin. Ayma was continually smacked with pulses, keeping her fingers and water jets. Ayma hadn't felt an orgasm that intense since her very first night with her boy sweetheart...Monad, she let that memory fly away as she added a fourth finger to her pumping.

Ayma was continuously racked by pulses along her body, then suddenly a large jolt came and Ayma whipped her head back in bliss... right into the tile floor. 

Her horns glanced up and the base of her skull smacked on the tiles, her chin pushed into her throat. 

Ayma groggily sat up, her bliss drained as she checked the back of her head. Sore but no blood, her horns were thankfully not chipped. Ayma slowly crawled out and curled up on the hard, wet tile floor, slightly embarrassed for herself but relieved that it had not been worse. Ayma let the sound of the churning water and drone of the jet pumps wash over her pointed ears as she tried to calm down.

She laid there for a few minutes in a dripping, curled heap before a timer on the wall notified her that her hour in the bathhouse was nearly over. Ayma rose unsteadily to her hooves, the basin drained automatically as she quickly toweled off and wrapped herself in one of the white bathrobes, the sash was lower than her waist, probably meant for a night elf or human, no matter. She grabbed her discarded underwear and tucked them under her arm and headed back to the door marked 19 with many mixed emotions flowing through her bruised head.

-

Unbeknownst to Ayma, behind the mirror held a secret room where two figures had observed the young Draenei. "Notify Markon, he has new prey".