 The democracy of the star-spanning Lazanha Combine reached far and wide into the Galaxy, but it did not reach as far as Sorilior. Located on the southernmost edge of the galactic central bulge, this was a world that had enjoyed unchallenged feudalism for countless millennia.

Even so, hyperspace travellers had occasionally made their way there and started trade relations. That was how Matino Biranis had heard of the planet. Because Sorilior had quickly become famous for a very speciel commodity: thoroughbred harem girls.

For more than a thousand years the Soriliori aristocracy had been actively breeding women in elaborate ”stud farms”, selecting and enhancing attractive physical traits in order to create a plentiful supply of perfect mistresses for the planet’s princes and lords.

They didn’t do it with genetic engineering or any such newfangled technology; they did it the old-fashioned way, which was the only way they knew how. The Combine’s anthropologists had come and gone, reporting that there was very little abuse involved in the custom. Both the male and female participants were honored to be selected for the prestigious position of giving life to the planet’s foremost currency: the most beautiful women in the galaxy.

Matino knew the score. The thoroughbred harem girls were blond, which in Soriliori culture symbolized purity and health. They were athletic, so their dancing skills could be honed to perfection. They were voluptuous, so their prospective masters would desire them as nightly consorts. They were youthful in facial features, so their company would make their masters forget their own age.

In personality the girls were exuberant and happy, so that they would spread good spirits wherever they went. And in mental sharpness they were keener than the cut of a diamond dagger, so that they could converse with great insight whenever their master were desirous of intellectual stimulation. 

Matino knew he wanted such a companion for remedying his own loneliness, and since there was no way he could ever afford so precious a thing, he was going to steal one.

Matino had done his homework; he had even gone to the trouble of learning the local language (most of the population didn’t speak Galactic Standard, of course). He knew of the war in the district of Dolirin, and he observed the war’s decisive battle from the safety of his ship, miles above the countryside. The castle of Sellio was under invasion by the forces of Prince Molrek, and Matino swooped down to a barren patch of land next to the castle, his ship in full cloak mode.

As most of the soldiers had cleared out, leaving behind a few squadrons to get the loot organized, Matino went inside the smoking castle walls in search of the prize he knew those walls held. He cleared a corner and instantly knew where he was: the harem wing.

It was in a bad state. The bodies of those who had defended it were strewn across the floor, and some of the women had not escaped the massacre, either. Two sentinels had been posted to guard the remains of the harem, which amounted to three blonde girls and about fifteen cowering servants of both sexes. Having given the guards a taste of his ray-gun, Matino inspected the selection.

He entertained the notion of making off with all three harem girls and some of the servant girls as well, but quickly realized that that would be a lot more than he could handle (and in space, too!). So he chose the prettiest girl, grabbed her by the wrist and began to lead her out of there.

The girl knew from the way he looked at her that he was going to be her new master, and she did not resist. But she placed a soft hand on his shoulder, gesturing for him to wait. The next thing she did was a surprise. She spoke Galactic Standard.

”Please, good my lord - bring my sister, too. Lharsi!”

Answering the blonde girl’s call, a servant girl stepped forward. She had dark hair, a remarkably protruding chest, and was by far the best-looking of the servants. Matino knew she couldn’t be a thoroughbred, though - perhaps the blonde girl’s half-sister?

Knowing that a familiar face would help his new consort adjust to her new life, he agreed to take her, and the three of them made their way to Matino’s ship.

The blonde girl wandered around the pilot cabin, gazing with intense interest at the instrument panels. Now and again she stared out the window in awe-struck amazement.

As she brushed by Matino’s seat, she absentmindedly cooed ”Good my lord, I am Emmi. How may I serve you?”, and continued her wide-eyed inspection of the cabin.

As the ship sped through the upper atmosphere of Sorilior and entered deep space, Matino cheered out loud and knew in his heart of hearts that he had secured the dearest treasure that this planet had to offer. The monetary value was irrelevant; what mattered was what it was worth to him, personally: He had stolen for himself the perfect woman.

One who was trained from childhood in all amorous arts, and yet so educated and strong-willed that she was completely aware of the affected manner of her traditional station. She would have no problem abstracting from her background, and developing into an independent person in her own right.

Still, he certainly wasn’t going to allow her skills as a trained mistress to go to waste! That would be just plain stupid, now, wouldn’t it?!

The dark-haired girl, Lharsi, indeed turned out to be Emmi’s half-sister. Though not a thoroughbred, Lharsi had still gotten most of the good genes from her and Emmi’s father’s side of the family. Where Emmi’s physical attributes were distributed as breathlessly perfectly as only the harmonic mix of nature and eugenics could have done, Lharsi’s features were less symmetric but equally impressive.

Emmi’s body was a flawless collection of limbs that were part pillowy softness and part sleek muscle-tone. Everything was placed just right, and formed a statuesque paragon of goddess-like womanhood.

Every inch of her body glistened with a golden complexion and a heavenly scent. Her skin was soft and taut at the same time, and formed the flawless exterior of a woman literally bred for the primary purpose of inflaming the desire of any man who looked upon her.

And that she did. Oh, yes. And if the body wasn’t enough to get you going, the churlish smile and unfailing promise of passion that was always on the verge of erupting from Emmi’s face would certainly do the job!

Lharsi was as voluptuous as Emmi and then some, but her hips and bust were almost too ample. She had long legs and a too-narrow waist; in fact she looked exactly like what she was: nature’s attempt at living up to a human-imposed physical ideal which however hadn’t been quite realized in her. There was nothing wrong with her, but she looked more like a figment of a frankly randy imagination than a sculpturesque work of human perfection.

Both girls were available for sex at the slightest whim, and often solicited it themselves. Making love with Emmi was sexual excess. Once she was lubricated - and that happened in no time at all - she was like a luxuriant fountain of slippery butter and perfumed honey to gorge oneself on. But there was no saturation point; it was never too much; it was always calling for more, and still more, each climax promising a better one to come. She was a well-oiled machine that never tired of the sensual motion; never tired of giving and receiving.

Where Emmi was active and always full of initiative, Lharsi was more passive (as anyone not of Emmi’s breed would be in comparison). With her it was more you making love to her than, as with Emmi, her making love to you.

Emmi was trained so well in the passionate profession that sex was an art and a science to her at the same time, and she excelled in both, and was capable, like an automaton, of excelling at it even if she was emotionally disinterested (which however she practically never were).

Lharsi was more like a normal woman, who would reciprocate your love-making, but rarely take charge of the entire act.

Over the next days and weeks Matino existed in a state of supreme sensual potency. Daily, he made love to both Emmi and Lharsi, and when he was exhausted (or when they were simply bored), the girls would replenish his enthusiasm by letting him watch them make love to each other.

There was no shred of sisterly shame between them; the intimate couple brazenly acknowledged each other as hotly passionate sexual creatures, and when their carnal fires burned too brightly for Matino to quench, they unhesitantly resorted to each other.

These girls were fragrant fountains of sweet juices that never ran dry. They were all Matino's, and he would never sell!

*To be explicitly continued...*