 Please be sure to read the afterward of this story — Son of Callicious



Todd McDuff cursed in frustration as his cell phone rang. Could he not even have an hour's peace to walk his dog and get a break from all of the pressures of life? Even when he was off work his phone rang constantly with demands for his time and thoughts. That last promotion and going on salary had been the worst thing he had ever done!

"McDuff," he snarled curtly into the phone, without even bothering to check to see if it was from the office. After all, who else bothered to call him anymore? His girlfriend had gotten tired of the constant interruptions, even when they were in bed. His job required him to take the calls, no matter the hour or where he was, and it seemed his boss enjoyed finding the most inopportune times to call. Juliette jumped up out of bed the last time, threw her clothes on, and stormed out of his door screaming imprecations and telling him never to call her again.

"Todd McDuff?" It was a female voice, but he did not recognize it.

"Yeah. Who's this?"

"That doesn't matter. I know where you are, and you will be contacted momentarily. Follow the instructions you are given and all will be well. Resist and all will not be well. Resistance is futile." Silence echoed in Todd's ear as the caller hung up.

Todd stopped dead still on the path, ignoring the tugging at the leash from his Golden Lab Trixie, as he looked at the phone screen, trying to decipher the phone number, but it was not one he recognized. Slipping the phone into his pocket he turned his attention to his walk again, much to Trixie's pleasure. She loved getting out of the apartment for their daily walk through the park, especially when Todd took her down to the pond and threw sticks into the water for her to retrieve. She tugged in that direction with a hopeful look in her eyes, but Todd's attention was drawn toward the blond jogger approaching. Her peach and white body suit looked as if it had been painted on, it fitted her so closely. 

Todd felt a stirring in his loins as he tried to watch the girl without staring. It had been too long since he had been laid! The swish of the girl's ponytail as it swung from side to side with her motion, and the jiggle of her obviously unfettered boobs captured his attention. She had a smile, almost a smirk, on her face as she saw Todd's futile efforts to not stare.

Such was Todd's focus on the girl approaching him that he didn't even notice the woman approaching from the rear until she stabbed his left buttock with a hypodermic syringe, and said in his ear, "Todd McDuff, resistance is futile. You will come with us."

Todd felt a coldness spread throughout his person that was not unpleasant along with a lassitude that indeed made resistance impossible. The woman behind Todd grasped an arm firmly and said quietly, "Just come along with us."

Trixie tugged futilely at her leash, but Todd had turned the other direction under the woman's guidance and they left the park, to enter a van parked at the curb of the street. Unnoticed by Todd, the young lady in the peach bodysuit jogged on.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Todd awoke suddenly, rocking with the van's motion as it bounced and swayed over a rutted and potholed road. He tried to scratch an itch on his nose, but found his hands were restrained to the arm rests of the seat in which he was sitting. An older woman drove slowly down what was obviously a dirt lane through a forested area. His voice croaked as he tried to speak. "Who are you, and what are you doing with me?"

The driver turned the rear-view mirror down enough to look Todd in the eyes as she said quietly, "I'm very sorry to have to do this this way, Todd. Juliette referred you to us some time ago."

"Juliette Simpson?"

A nod. "Yes. She has been our scout for quite some time now, and was developing a relationship with you to see if you would be suitable for our project or not. Unfortunately, your employment situation was not conducive to our needs, so we had to take steps. As far as they are concerned you no longer exist." At Todd's startled look the driver said quietly, "Please, don't fret yourself. We will do you no harm, and you may actually enjoy yourself if you will allow it."

"What's going on?"

"I'm sorry, but I cannot tell you at this time. You will learn what you need to know later. I'm not in a position to divulge matters. Let me tell you this, though. Juliette really liked you, and she was not in favor of proceeding in this manner. She really hoped to be able to convince you to leave your job for her. Unfortunately, we do not have the luxury of time, and we could wait no longer." 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The van heeled over to the left causing Todd to fear it would overturn as the left wheels went into a deep hole at the same time as the vehicle turned sharply to the right into a very narrow alleyway between trees that scratched at the sides of the van as it squeezed through. 

"Sorry if that frightened you," the woman driving said softly. We have learned it is best to keep the lane coming to our landing field uninviting to keep unwanted visitors out." 

A tubular structure not unlike and airplane without wings or tail structure came into view and the van stopped near one end. "Please, just relax for a few moments and we will be on our way." The driver got out of the van and made her way over to the tube, opened a hatch, and disappeared from view. Moments later she reappeared, with two other, younger, women, and made her way back to the van, where she opened the passenger door. "I will release you now, but you must agree to come peacefully. My assistants are both armed, and although their arms are not lethal they are quite painful and debilitating. We would much prefer to take you with us in comfort. You WILL go with us. You cannot escape, so please do us all a favor and make it as pleasant as possible."

Todd could see what appeared to be handguns of some sort, but he could see no barrel as in a gun.

"Those are unlike your earthly guns, Todd. They instead fire a beam that will affect your nervous system, leaving you helpless, but in severe agony. We don't like to cause pain, nor do we wish to have to carry you aboard our craft. It is much easier for all if you walk peacefully. Do I have your word?"

Todd nodded. Enough to the sedative remained in his system to make him agreeable.

"I'm sorry, but that is not sufficient. You must say it."

"You have my word."

Restraints loosened Todd stepped from the old van and stretched his arms overhead, causing one of the two armed guards to raise her weapon toward him. "I'm just stretching! It's been a long time in there."

The guard lowered her weapon slowly, and watched as Todd lowered his arms. 

"Follow me," the woman driver ordered, albeit not unkindly, and she led the way to the same hatch Todd observed her using earlier. Opening it she gestured for Todd to precede them inside, and once on board she showed him to a passenger compartment with comfortable looking seating, where he was seated. 

The woman, obviously in charge, stood and looked at Todd carefully before asking, "May I have your word you will not cause trouble on the flight? I would hate to have to restrain you, and escape is out of the question. Once we are underway I promise I will explain the situation and answer any questions you have. I can also assure you this will not be unpleasant to you."

Todd looked her in the eye for a moment, prepared to begin a fight for his freedom, no matter the pain, when the blond in the bodysuit entered the hatch and smiled at him. If she was involved this might not be such a bad deal after all. He nodded and said, "You have my word. What's this all about, anyway? You won't get any ransom for me, and I have no money."

"We aren't looking for ransom. Wait until we are underway, and I will tell you all about it, I promise. Now, as we prepare to get underway you need to strip. I'll store your clothing for you."

"What! What kind of deal is this?"

"At the speeds we will be traveling much heat is generated, and we have learned it best to wear nothing to prevent discomfort. Please don't be hesitant."

Todd watched the blond unzip the body suit as the other women also started disrobing, totally without sign of embarrassment. His erection was going to present a problem, and he willed it to go down, but when the blond turned toward him and he saw her gorgeous breasts pop out of her body suit he knew that was hopeless! He blushed a deep crimson as she smiled at him, her breasts bobbing and bouncing as she tugged at her sleeves. When her suit dropped from her shoulders Todd saw a sparse blond bush covering her mons, and he groaned quietly to himself and his cock lurched in his boxers. He fumbled his shirt over his head as the girl turned her back to him and bent to pull the leg of the body suit over her foot, showing a beautiful heart-shaped ass.

"Down, Todd. It's been too long since you've been laid! Get control of yourself!"

The older woman, Todd guessed her to be about forty, but a very nice looking forty, stood in front of him unconcerned by her nakedness. From the corner of his eye he could see one of his two guards watching him with her weapon in her hand as her partner stripped. None of the four were anyone he would have willingly kicked out of bed, although the blond really had his engine revving. Todd slowly lowered his jeans, then hesitantly, very embarrassed, pulled his boxer waistband out and over his erection and lowered his boxers enough to step from them before placing them in the woman's outstretched hand.

The woman smiled at Todd after looking him up and down, as did the blond and the two guards. "Juliette didn't steer us wrong! I think you will do very well for what we need." The blond licked her lips and nodded, while one of the guards moaned and squeezed her pussy with the hand not holding her weapon.

"Please, take your seat, Todd, and buckle in. Once we are en route and clear of the atmosphere you will be able to unbuckle and move about. Your seat will recline for liftoff." With that the woman stashed Todd's clothing in an overhead bin, made certain the latch was fastened, and then made her way to the front of the tubular vehicle.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A soft hum sounded and Todd felt his seat recline, and a footrest he had not noticed before lifted his feet until he was lying supine. Todd started to tense up and felt fright well up within himself as he noted the ceiling coming down toward him, and the walls spreading outward. He started to struggle to free himself from the restraints when he heard a soft, sultry voice from the blond's seat. "Relax, Todd. It is just until we get through your atmosphere." She had an accent like none he had ever heard before. "Once we are clear of Terra the ship will return to its normal shape and we can get up and about."

Todd didn't get a chance to reply as he was pressed firmly into the seat by what felt like an ogre's hand pressing him into the seat, and he felt his eyesight grow dark. Heat started to grow, leaving him sweating profusely. The pressure into his seat gradually lessened, and his eyesight slowly returned to normal, until he could look around the cabin once more. He noted as the pressure lessened the ceiling began expanding again and the walls came back to their original position. The air also cooled, although it was quite warm. Without warning the seat returned to its upright position and his feet returned to the floor. 

The blond rose from her seat and walked back to Todd. "That wasn't so bad, now, was it? Do you feel alright?" Todd nodded. "Good. I'll get you a drink. It is always important to rehydrate immediately after liftoff."

Todd couldn't help watch the sway of her hips and the jiggle of her ass as the blond made her way to the front of the cabin and bent over straight legged, drawing a hiss as Todd's breathe whistled through his teeth at the sight. He watched, mesmerized, as she walked back, carrying two metal bottles. "Here. This is unlike anything you've ever drunk before, but it is good for you, and I don't believe you will find it unpleasant."

"Thanks." Todd opened the bottle and tasted it gingerly, to find a pleasant citrus-like flavor. He lifted the bottle and drank it down quickly, feeling it spread throughout his body in a rush, but especially to his cock, which promptly sprang back to attention. Todd blushed again, but the blond just smiled broadly and watched as it pulsed up and down. "I'm sorry. I can't help it."

"Oh, that isn't a problem! I like it! I haven't seen one in the flesh in a long, long, time. I just hope I get to be one who gets to tend to it when we get home."

"Tend to it?"

"All will be explained in due time. Fret not. You will find it enjoyable, I'm sure. Yours is the best we have had yet. That's why Juliette was sent down this time instead of one of the older women." She licked her lips with a pensive look on her face before a quick caress of her pussy and she returned to her seat. "I don't want Katallia to get the wrong idea if she comes back here and sees me talking with you."

Todd sat in his seat, thoroughly puzzled, not only by all that had transpired to this point, but the blonde's reactions. He still did not know her name, nor that of his guards. Katallia's name was known only because the blond mentioned it, and Todd was quite sure did not intended to .

The front bulkhead opened and Katallia stepped back into the chamber. Todd noted how good her body still looked for her age as she walked down the aisle to stop at his seat. Katallia glanced down at Todd's cock, hard again after watching her approach, and smiled slightly before sitting in the seat across the aisle from him. "Now that I have the ship on course for Terrium and on autopilot it is time for me to give you the explanation I promised, Todd." The blond turned in her seat, listening. "Our planet, Terrium, is very similar to your own planet, Terra, or as you call it, Earth. Terrium is slightly smaller, but our conditions are similar to that of Terra, except that we have only two continents rather than your five. Several years ago war broke out between the two continents, why is unimportant now, and weapons similar to your nuclear devices were used, killing everyone except for those of us living in our valley, which was protected from the winds carrying the fallout.

"Fortunately, the residual effects were not as catastrophic as your nuclear fallout, as it dissipated rapidly, so our entire planet is now safe to live on, except there is no one left other than those of us who were in the valley at the time. No men were in the valley. It was only a group of us women who were operating a secret base for our military, leaving our planet with only a few hundred women, and no means of repropagating our population. Those of us who were out in the open were rendered infertile, which is why Juliette was able to be our scout on Terra. Our first scouts were older women who brought back older men, but they proved to be unsuitable for what we need. That's when we determined to send Juliette to try to find a younger source, and you are the one she chose."

"You mean you kidnapped me to take me to your planet to have sex with all of the women, hoping to repopulate your planet?" Todd was incredulous.

"Oh, no. It won't be like that at all. That is much too risky a proposition. First of all, we know you have no diseases you could pass along. That was important, but the chances of impregnation on such a scale is too slim, and we wouldn't want to have emotional ties cause issues, so it has been decided to use the process your dairy industry on Terra frequently uses, that of artificial insemination, and you are to be our sperm source."

"That's sure to be a lot of fun!" Todd said sarcastically.

Katallia nodded. "I understand your feelings fully, and you have no idea how badly I would like to enjoy that cock of yours, or how wet I am now just thinking about the possibility, but we must save all you can produce until we get to Terrium and can harvest it properly." The blond shuddered at Katallia's comment, and Todd could see she had both hands buried between her legs. "None of us on this trip are fertile, so we don't even get to experience the joys of pregnancy, so there is no chance we can do anything of the sort. We have to think of the greater good of the planet and save all you can produce."

Todd's cock was at full mast again, watching the blond as she quivered through a small orgasm, and his cock started leaking. He had been hard so much and so often it was becoming painful, and his balls hurt. Since Juliette left him three months ago he had had no release other than his hand, and the stimulus surrounding him had him about to blow a nut!

"I don't think you know how it works." Todd was thinking quickly in his seat. He definitely wanted a chance to tap the blond. For that matter, none of the four would be a problem right now as horny as he was. 

"Certainly, we know how it works. When we get you to Terrium we extract your sperm and insert it into our fertile women and they carry the baby. We just have to save your sperm until we can get you there."

Todd smiled gently at Katallia's interjection.

"There's no need to save it. I produce more, and if everyone on Terrium looks like you ladies I won't have much trouble producing plenty! Especially if everyone goes around nude like this all of the time."

The blond laughed quietly, and Todd could hear a couple of muffled giggles from the guards behind him. "You mean you can produce more sperm every day? We don't have to harvest your testes and try to extract your sperm from them?" Katallia was wide-eyed with wonder.

Involuntarily Todd hunched and covered his genitals with both hands. "Goodness, no! If you will allow me to demonstrate! I can continue producing sperm for many years if you leave my testicles attached! If you remove them I cannot produce any more. In fact, I could even have sex with any of you on the way, and still be able to produce sperm when we get there. Sperm I produce today would be dead by the time we get to Terrium, even if we tried to save them. That is, unless I ejaculated and you froze them for the rest of the trip."

Todd's mind was racing. Now it went beyond looking for relief, and centered on proving to them he could continue to produce more sperm indefinitely. "I don't know how it was with men on Terrium before, but men from earth continue creating sperm, and that creation is increased when we are sexually stimulated, like I have been for quite a while now. In fact, that is why my cock is leaking. It's called pre-cum, and it makes intercourse better." 

Katallia and the blond both leaned in to get a closer look, and even the guards stood and looked over his shoulders to see. The blond tentatively reached out a hand to touch, but quickly drew it back at Katallia's look. "It's OK. I don't care if you touch it." The blond was obviously so turned on she reached out again, in spite of Katallia's look of reprimand.

"Oh! It feels so wonderful, and it moves!" Todd's cock pulsed at her touch. The blond tentatively held it in her palm and wrapped her fingers around while she rubbed her thumb lightly on the underside of the head, rubbing the pre-cum. She giggled at the feeling, while Todd felt his eyes start to roll up in his head from the sensation. "It's slippery, and I can feel his heartbeat through it." She rubbed some more with her thumb to Todd's delight, yet at the same time angst. He wasn't sure what would happen if he blew his wad right now. 

"Be careful," he gasped. "I'm getting pretty excited, here. I'm going to cum if you keep that up!"

The blond looked into Todd's eyes as she continued rubbing gently with her thumb. Her nipples were drawn up in excitement, and Todd could smell her arousal. The long period of no sex since Juliette left, and the nearly constant stimulation since boarding the craft came to fruition as Todd groaned and thrust his hips forward and cum spewed from his cock in a fountain, spattering all over his chest. Todd slumped back into his seat, sated.
