 Dark room. Rattling of chains could be heard every time she moved. A tiny speck of light coming from only one window. Certain she was on a ship after getting knocked out, all track of time has been lost. She could not see anyone, but could hear screams of dozen or so women. She begun do despair. To cry. But had to be strong, she still had to find him. Save him.

Steps could be heard coming nearer. Her door were open with no noise and in came two men. Both of them were bare chested and rippled with muscles. She was suddenly scared.

*What are they going to do?* She thought.

They had hideous smiles as if they only knew the fate that awaited her beyond that door. Carrying her over the doorstep and out in the lit corridors. Closing her eyes at the bright light she fought to paint a clear picture that was slowly forming in front of her. But the men moved too quickly for her to gather any helpful information about the situation of her surroundings. She could just barely hear them.

"She will be fun to watch brother." One man said

"I agree maybe we'll get a turn with her, how long has it been since we broke that whore back in that station." The other said.

"Four days." He said sounding very pleased.

"It all depends on him." One grimly noted.

It was lost on her who was speaking since their very voices echoed through the corridor, again a voice started "Goddamn my tanks are full. I need a woman or I'll go crazy."

The other man cackled at the others misfortune, when he was done he said, "Brother you could always meditate. I hear it's effective."

She could feel something on her left side coming closer, wincing she felt a strange wet thing go across her face, "Kyahahahaha. I'm not meditating when you can feel plenty good with a real woman. I can't imagine going without fucking for long periods of time. This one will amuse us if we behave. You will be delicious. If I came a day later I'd fuck her right here."

Both men enjoyed seeing her squirm in anguish. As her eyes adjusted at the light she saw in front of her two devils. Red skinned devils.

Screaming her lungs out, she tried to run away, but their grip was too much for her to break from. Their laugh went on another level as they seemed to enjoy seeing her in such despair, wickedly wiggling their forked tongues. Menacing red horns that one of the men had chipped, both of these monsters looked incredibly devilish and she could not do anything but quake in fear. Their eyes were pure black pits of nothingness, as she was fighting their grip she saw just how muscled these two brutes really were, guiding her with ease through the corridors.

Arriving at a room they knocked twice, as she heard a muffled voice, "Enter!"

Dragged inside by her arms, she noticed that the room had repugnant stink in the air and noticed another person behind a wall of debris. Thinking for a second that it was just trash soon she noticed piles upon piles of flesh, discarded limbs of creatures unknown. She took another lungful of air to begin another round of screaming, but the man snapped his fingers and one of the men that carried her inside punched her heavily in her abdomen nullifying any attempts made to scream. He smiled as she convulsed on their arms. She tried to breathe but it was not possible. First she thought she would die from the pain, but now she was afraid, deathly afraid of suffocating.

"Very good job, this time you managed to bring one to me without breaking her. I appreciate that. Now leave us alone." He said briskly.

She was dropped on the ground like a discarded tissue. Nothing was making sense why were they doing this?

Noticing that two devils that exited the room looked one another while the man circled his table and came where she lied.

He gazed into her eyes and she could not see any trace of humanity, of the values she held close to her heart. His stare seemed almost alien even though he looked like human.

"I see you met my two Lor'Rans. You were lucky they did not bend you over and take you where they found you. If they do not meditate they can be a little...hard to handle if you catch my drift." To her growing horror he begun disrobing himself.

One article of clothing after the other dropped to the ground as he looked at her with a certain degree of curiosity. She could not avoid gazing at his dick. As he dropped his pants he revealed an unimpressive appendage that hung between his legs; was small but the man carried himself like he had a monster. It was almost silly. Trying not to laugh the man apparently saw her expression and started hitting and punching her, screaming obscenities at top of his lungs.

Not knowing what to do she tried to endure the pain and started counting the seconds. They turned into minutes and eventually the man stopped hitting and sat down on a nearby chair trying to get some air back into his lungs.

"Fucking whore. Last one that laughed I made sure she suffered." He spat.

He fumed for few minutes. Silent dread washed over her, gently rocking back in his chair he pressed something on his desk. She waited dreading of what would come through that door. Several minutes passed as the man continued hurling insults and obscenities at her, making sure she heard every one of them. A soft knock on the door interrupted his tirade.

"Come in." He said.

Doors opened and she stared in anxious anticipation. Horror was washed away and was replaced by curiosity as she saw a man in chains. "Stand here." The man barked.

Chained man almost ran to where the man pointed and stood, waiting. The angry man turned his head towards her and silently said, "Now look here."

He bent down rummaging for a few minutes through his clothes and picked up a pistol. Pointing it at the man in chains he pulled the trigger and the chained man's head exploded. "This is much dirtier than throwing them out of airlock but it does do some good."

He smiled kicking her in the face. She yelped in pain. Her face went numb, she could feel a small trail of blood coming down her face. Slowly she started to cry, after some time she heard him say, "Now remember this, until we deliver you; you are at our mercy. We can simply say we did not find you, but we need to get paid."

"Now spread t'em open. Laugh and dying will be something you'll wish for." He spat.

She started to scream, "Brother, HELP ME!" As the man started to gyrate his hips.

His laughs and erotic cries slowly filled the room as he was soon finished and went limp on the floor.

*

Everyone was standing in a semi -- circle around Lucian and the bodies of his parents. As the lights went off and on, for a few brief seconds they thought the power was going out, but very soon they understood that something unusual was happening with this man.

Liza and Ericha were standing looking at Lucian with mixed emotions as they tried to understand what had happened. Their hearts ached. Both of them moved as one. First with a little bit of fear, but as they got closer they became braver. Gently hugging him from both sides, they noticed he was not responding. He lied limp into Ericha's arms. Liza gasped seeing Lucian in a catatonic state, she almost choked him as she fiercely hugged him and started weeping.

Luca approached the two women and used his Pad. Few tense moments passed as he noticed that his brain waves on his screen were irregular. "What the fuck?!" He exclaimed.

Both women suddenly stared at him as they heard him shout. Both had fear in their eyes and as if they were connected with an invisible link both asked, "What's wrong with him?"

"I found some irregular patterns in his brain waves. That's all." He tried to sound calm but deep down Luca was very concerned.

They all suddenly turned and held their breath when they saw Lucian move. Lucian fixed his eyes on the Pad's screen and saw that his brain waves returned to normal. Visibly both women saw that Luca was clearly calmer and much more relaxed.

They managed to carry him back to their room as they were still orbiting his home planet. Collectively they decided to wait for him to wake up and see if they could do an autopsy. Every scan on the outside, every probe that was sent in the insides of the dead bodies could not confirm anything for them.

"A glitch in the system", as one technician said. Another blamed the outside radiation, but everyone was perplexed. Why weren't the scans working?

*

Lucian woke up disoriented, little dim light at the foot of the bed told him nothing; where he was or how he got there, but a thigh that suddenly draped over his stomach triggered unusual wave of emotions as he remembered past events. Sudden wave of sadness and despair made his eyes water as he saw dead faces of his parents. Thinking that it was all a bad dream; sore throat made him realize that it was no dream. They were really, truly dead.

Turning toward the body beside him he saw Ericha's sleeping face. A tear stained her beautiful face. Maneuvering his body he gently lifted her leg up so he could lie sideways. He gently wiped the tear and caressed her face at the same time. She started to move, and he was expecting her to wake up, but she just turned the other way and continued sleeping while hugging Liza. Lucian smiled.

Two women slept soundly as he was busy reminiscing about days long past. He would never see his parents argue, or show the kind of affection that only old couple that spent decades together could show. It was endearing and Lucian wanted a relationship that looked like that.

He was looking at Erichas round ass, and he could not help but to feel aroused as her round, plush bottom pressed on his slowly hardening cock. He wanted to move and cup her breasts but he chose to wait and gently rub the head of his penis where down where she kept pressing. Moving just a little he could see, over her shoulder that Liza was wide awake and busy kissing Ericha's ears while one set of her hands caressed her neck and body while the other slowly came and caressed Lucian on his cheeks. He used the moment and kissed both of her hands. Conveying all of his love and passion in that gesture.

Lucian wanted to take charge of the situation so he moved. Kneeling up on the bed he pulled down his underwear and removed Erichas, her blond mane of hair slowly parted as he noticed that under the gentle, but silent passions between three people, she managed to wake up and was looking for his next action.

Pointing the head of his rock hard member he moved with purpose injecting himself into her moist depths. She gasped, from the passion, the collision of their bodies or Liza's gentle kisses. Lucian did not care.

"Ooooh baby." She silently said. Moving to put her legs behind Lucians back.

Ericha waited for several moments after he impaled her depths.

She was expecting for Lucian to take her like a man possessed. Lucian suddenly moved towards the two females, Ericha did not know what to expect. Something told her violence was not off the table, she had no idea why that was, but decided not to pull away from him. She had no idea why she felt that little microsecond of fear, nothing in her past experiences led to this, but was gently surprised as Lucian came over her gently holding her head and kissing her with more and more passion every second. She whimpered, moaned and tried to say something all at the same time. But instead, series of noises came out from her mouth.

He was moving. Lucian gently rocked his body back and forth. As Ericha trembled around his member, he could feel her pussy juices. She was slowly moaning as Liza and Lucian were busy sucking on her breasts.

They took their time, tried many positions as time washed over them. She climaxed more times than she could remember, every time she thought that it was the end, but both of her lovers were adamant, they wanted her, and they needed her. Ericha could feel Lucian's strong arms as he used them to embrace and pick her up from the bed to sit on his knees. He never left her moist depths for a second. For few moments, minutes or hours she was only sure that a climax of massive proportions came and washed her body. It never ended.

Liza and Lucian felt proud at their accomplishment. Lucian saw that the woman was expecting something as he smiled. Taking his time to explore her nubile body she gathered herself and made a move on him. Lucian welcomed her with open arms and they continued their passion.

Lucian smiled as she clawed his back and neck; she was not about to wait for a second. She wanted him now, and that just made Lucian feel aroused. This gorgeous woman, alien beauty wanted him. He smiled and moved with his kisses. He was taking an expedition towards the unknown. As Ericha was similar to humans, Liza was purple alien that he wanted to know better. He never really enjoyed her marks, as they became brighter and brighter the more she was aroused. Every time he made love to her, Lucian found something new about her. Little details that made her beauty complete.

"Oh, my love. Lucian right there." She guided him as he trailed wet kisses down her body.

His hands were busy as well with one he caressed her, a lithe touch here, and a pinch there. He wanted her senses to be overwhelmed by his caresses and he never repeated his moves. Lizas' gasps made him happy and told him he was doing something right. This alien beauty shivered suddenly, he waited for few moments for the flow to ebb, but it just kept going. He smiled wider and continued down. Onwards.

Purplish color was prevalent on her body but he was amazed at the similarity of her nether regions. Same as any other woman. He gently searched for her secret button but found that she had none. Curious he used his other hand that was holding her leg, with one of his finger he tested her depths for the first time. Up close she was glistening. The aroma that came from the froth was nothing he experienced before. Almost begging, pleading him to suck it clean, he could only obey what the liquid had told him. For few delicious moments he was lost slurping and sucking when he heard a scream from somewhere. His mouth was quickly filled with liquid. Lucian drank it all making sure nothing was spilled onto the bed as the nubile woman bounced on his mouth.

Slowly his mind came back reeling from the experience that just happened. Lucian's mouth felt clean and fresh, he felt his cock twitch. Moving his body he came between Liza's legs and slowly entered her depths; he kept staring in her eyes as he did so.

He smiled as he bottomed out and made the woman's body shiver, "Liza." He called out her name curious to find that the very act made him almost climax.

Liza on the other hand was not that lucky as she climaxed third time in a row, enjoying the sensations of the intimate act she wanted more, no she needed much more. She was willing to surrender her body and soul to this man. She gazed in his eyes, Liza's body was ready, and her mind was set.

"My love, I'm yours." She said.

"And I'm yours." Lucian felt that it was natural to answer in turn.

A sudden wash of emotions almost made Lucian cry in joy. He was a little bit scared but felt secure so the fear just washed over him, he noticed that Liza's body was slowly getting warmer. Lines that were previously all across her body slowly receded into middle of her chests, right where her breasts were, and started to form a dark ball. Lucian looked stunned not knowing what was happening.

He asked, "Are you all right my love?"

Gently smiling she nodded.

Lucian looked in anticipation for several minutes not moving an inch. Lines eventually separated into two columns and moved in different directions. One set moved left, across her body, and the other moved right between her breasts downward. For once in his life, in this alien environment he was stunned, not moving he gazed at the one moving toward her cunt. As they slowly disappeared somewhere near her womb he realized that something was happening inside as he felt growing warm feeling at the tip of his penis. The warm sensation moved inside and towards his balls. He wanted to pull out to inspect what was happening but a body behind him pinned him in place.

He felt no malice from the action just gentle persuasion to remain calm. Ericha's voice near his ear calmed him as she said, "It is ok honey. Everything will be ok."

Gently stroking his face she placed several kisses across his shoulders. He noticed the lines coming out from his bellybutton and moving upwards. Where they moved, a warm sensation traced behind. It felt unusual. It felt new, nothing was like this apparent image that was moving on its own, a tattoo with legs. He smiled and watched the magic happen. They hovered over where Liza's rested. For a few moments nothing happened, but as last of the ink trailed behind as the lines started to move, the next thing he saw was both of them moving in tandem with the ones on Liza's body. They moved across his chest over his heart and toward his arm, they went around circling his arm and finally starting to slowly form on his wrist. The image that it formed reminded him of henna tattoos back on Earth. He gazed at the resting black stripes moving one last time completing the formation that it was making, the image was clear and clean. Thick line that had tiny branches or tendrils, he could not be sure.

Slowly finishing intricate design he felt new found energy and remembered that he was still coupled with Liza. He gazed at her own tattoo and it was a mirror image of his own. Liza had tears in her eyes, not knowing why she had them, Lucian gently held her and spoke soft words into her ears, both lovers started to move finding that they had not finished their previous coupling. As they climaxed together he could swear that he was feeling her heartbeat. He looked at her eyes mystified, confused but happy knowing what she felt at that moment. Both women encircled his body and he felt unbounded love.

Lucian reached around and hugged both women in his arms. They were now lying on their backs, as both women caressed his chest Lucian thought about what just happened with the ink. He wanted to know so he just asked, "Can you explain to me what happened there?"

Both women started giggling. After few moments had passed she started to explain with her excited voice, "I am sure you remember you proposing me few days back." She smiled.

Lucian smiled as he continued to hold both women in his arms. Liza continued, "We did the act just now, when we promised to each other we essentially became one in body and soul."

"What about you Ericha?" He turned to his lover and asked.

"Only Amorans can do this." She just said.

Lucian looked at Liza, smiled, and then turned back to Ericha, "So no one else has this ability?" he asked.

Ericha smiled, "It's not an ability. Long time ago they decided to make something special out of the ceremony of Giving. They inject a special Nanite cell when Amorans enter puberty, which grows and connects with its host. When its host decides that she loves someone it merges the two bodies."

Lucian turned to Liza and started to intently stare into her eyes. For about a minute nothing happened and he turned again to Ericha finding that she had a giant grin on her face, Lucian said with a sad expression, "I do not hear anything."

She laughed. Liza stroked Lucian's hair and gently said, "We can feel each of our thoughts and emotions but it takes time. Depends on the couple and their level of love and trust. Sometimes it takes months, sometimes years."

He hugged both of his lovers and said, "I wish it would take many, many years."

They both landed tender kisses on his body murmuring sweet nothings.

*

Al'Jafar was reading a strange report from his team. The staff on the bridge was dedicated, punctual and their search was extensive so while he read this piece of information he knew that it was not something that he should just willingly throw out. They discovered series of sensor images that were showing strange readings. The readings varied, but they figured it was the same occurrence that sometimes plagued people that were traveling the vast areas of space.
