 Lucian opened his eyes after he fell asleep surrounded by love and affection from his two lovers and his little sister, he felt a little bit dazed but invigorated. Something told him all that outpouring of love had a profound effect on him and his wellbeing. Slowly he fell asleep feeling drained, but even though he was in a daze he felt stronger and more rejuvenated than ever before. Even though Lucian's sister, Lindsay, did not join them in their sensual acts, he was still happy that she emotionally participated in the afterglow of their lovemaking.

Something was strange about all of this as Lucian thought further about his past days, always close to Lin, but never close as this, a taboo topic of two family members loving each other in any way other than platonic friendship, kept both of them at an emotional distance. Closer than friends but still held back.

He moved his rejuvenated body where the showers were and started to wash away his odor. Never liked the smell of his sweat; something that couple of his previous lovers often disliked about him.

He was softly alerted by a presence behind him, turning his body he saw Ericha nude form in all of its glory. Lucian spent some time admiring the gorgeous woman as most often he was enthralled by other minor events, and she was built like a runaway model. Her body was trained and he could see rippling muscles on her abs were showing more than his was, Lucian thought his masculinity should be in danger but somehow he felt proud that the woman kept herself well-trained and was still oozing femininity.

"Come here gorgeous." He commanded.

But instead of following his verbal commands she took a sassy pose as her right hand was resting on her hip while the other went to her lips as if thinking about his words. A second later and she gazed at his eyes playfully mocking his bravado.

"Why you little..." he jumped from the shower and ran towards her making Ericha playfully scream in surrender as her body got pinned to the wall behind her.

Picking her up by her ass Lucian's cock was already rock hard while busying his eyes with her luscious body, so he slid inside with little to no effort. "Oh you monster, fucking a helpless woman."

He smiled, her words started something as his hips found the much needed resistance to plunge deeper into her awaiting moist gnash. Feeling every bit of his strength in and on her body, her pussy was instantly wet, she craved for his strong, thick member that took the initiative to create these small moments where she could let herself go, she enjoyed his slow lovemaking, she did enjoy last night but this was just Ericha and her lover. No distractions.

He suddenly bit her shoulder which elicited a sudden loud moan from Lucian's lover and making Ericha encircle her arms and legs around Lucian's strong body.

Lucian started moving. His hips were grinding around her pelvis, Ericha moaned as she said "You are going crazy down there."

"You own it baby." Cooing again as she grabbed his strong back.

She was surprised how much effect this had on the man as his cock twitched inside her cunt. "That's it. Let us both enjoy Lucian baby."

She cooed lightly around his ear, lightly licking and nibbling as his lips never left her shoulder. He moved them towards the shower and they started fucking again, a time for new explorations was upon them, as Ericha had a mischievous idea, "Let me down love. I have an idea."

"Let's try it like this for a bit." She turned and bent her back in such a way that Lucian thought he would cum right there.

Ericha saw him grabbing the head of his penis and gently rub up and down her pussy, "Oh, that's it baby just pound it in. Make me yours."

He did. A hard thrust sent her body towards the wall. Lucian had to use his hands to steady Ericha's body. A slight fear of breaking the older woman he took his hand and grabbed her tits from behind. A perfect fit for his hands.

"Lady, your tits are perfect." He smiled as he toyed with her perky breasts.

"I'm a lady now, huh?" Ericha had a soft smile on her face as she responded to his teasing.

"My woman." Lucian exclaimed as he rammed his hips harder and harder.

"Your, and yours only." She cooed.

Still Lucian kept his pace slow, as he watched every minute expression of Ericha's body. He held her close to his body and was surprised how much freedom his hands had with her tits. He kept her close to his chest, his cock still deep inside her, as Ericha's body gripped his cock and did not let go no matter what he tried.

He spent enjoying her blond hair on his body, he spent few moments admiring the lustful woman that tried to coax him to break from his slow paced fucking. Pinching her perfect nipples made her gasp and her gnash gush after several minutes of his play.

"OHHHH DIVINE. I'M CUMMING!!!" She screamed.

"That's it baby cum on my cock." Lucian slowly cooed in her ear as she grinded her whole body against his.

Ericha's back felt exquisite, Lucian kept caressing her tits and kissing her neck while she shivered with her whole body. The minute differences in her breathing told him that she was close to another one, as he started letting go she stopped him by almost screaming, "Do not let go. Don't you dare let go. Keep doing what you are doing."

"Mmmmmm. Sooooo good." She breathed heavily.

He used his arms, circling around her body, Lucian placed Ericha in a giant bear hug that made their lovemaking even more intimate.

Ericha was astounded how good it felt to be in an arms of a man. She was flying higher and higher, never imagining that she could feel this good, for this long. Sudden pang of guilt crept across her face as she started remembering all of her lovers and comparing Lucian's size and girth to each of them. No, she was not innocent. She was a woman free to do whatever she wanted. Still she felt guilty. And it showed.

Lucian caught her pained expression as the woman he was making love to tried to hide it, he would not be a man his parents raised if he did not addressed it right here and now. Moving his body and gently turning Ericha towards him he started a long drawn out kiss, Lucian felt shivers running through her body as he explored the depths of her mouth. They traded saliva for few long delicious minutes as he was still slowly, but surely gyrating his hips finding what pleased this outstanding woman. They traced their tongues along each of their lips coaxing a soft moan from the lover they held close to their body.

"My love...*smooch* I'm sorry *lick* you deserve better." She started to say but every time she started he would silence Ericha's soft lips with his.

"Forget about everything. My love. Focus on this moment right now." Ericha gasped as his whispers reached her ears.

"I love you." As Lucian said those three magic words as if releasing her from prison she started shivering not knowing what was real anymore.

"My...Precious...Woman." He said and Ericha's body went higher as he found her golden spot.

Lucian started to move his hips faster and every time he would bottom out his cock in her soft folds he felt shivers run through her body. She was gasping for air every time Lucian would move closer and would knowingly search for and bump her g-spot. Every time he did that she shivered. Lucian's actions were enough to stimulate her towards that peak, but as if lacking strength to push her a little bit higher, so she was trapped in his vicious game. A lovely sex game that she did not want to end.

Lucian managed to stretch his body further and prolong his long voracious strokes into Ericha's pliant, awaiting womb, her face went wild as she felt his cock slowly poking at her entrance. Knocking two, three times as he bottomed out and was now patiently waiting for her response. She was hugging him tightly, her eyes went wide and crossed over as Ericha shivered, and every part of her delicious body was open to these delicious sensations. Sensual energy slowly kept dripping into her, slowly she kept waiting for him to finish her off and move on to bigger and better things, but for some strange reason he kept her on the precipice of wondrous feelings.

"Keep fucking me. Keep fucking ME!" Ericha screamed out while still blissfully waiting for that explosion.

It eluded her, as Ericha strived to catch it but it kept out of arms reach, she was kept in that constant daze. Lucian's head slowly drifted down and grabbed her left breasts nipple between his lips, he gazed at Ericha's eyes. Both looking at each other, waiting for something that either one of them might say or do to start the next round of combat, two caged fighters that kept battling with their wits, but regardless he kept looking. And Ericha kept staring. Both lovers waited for something, then it stated.

He moved twice, a sudden burst of movement of his hips took Ericha by surprise. Her climax exploded and she went silent. A depraved sense of morality started to creep inside of her head as these delicious feelings washed over her, *Am I supposed to feel this good?!* Her thoughts and sensations were amplified by the falling water from the only shower head that had water running from it. She was not aware that her skin had become so sensitive that every breath of air would send her further over the edge.

And another thing happened slowly after that. A soft bite on her left nipple enhanced her climax even further. She started shivering and speaking in loud voice almost growling as she never felt this good.

"MMMM. Lucian!!!" She growled again as her lover kept gently moving his hips and prolonging her climax to areas Ericha never visited.

After several moments, the climax would usually ebb and she would start anew. But as her body kept climaxing she started getting scared and started to look in Lucian's eyes for explanation.

"O...D...vine." She kept gasping.

Slowly Ericha found that she could not breathe, the air that she inhaled through her lungs when it started was already gone and her climax with Lucian's hips never wavered for a second, so she was even more scared of losing her life to suffocation.

Death by impaling on a long shaft. To her it was a death worth dying. But then she felt that her unending climax was slightly wavering. So she took the opportunity to gasp for air and gasp she did. Panting loudly and getting as much air as she could with her climax slowly but surely ebbing.

"My LOVE. Thisss. Isss. Soooo. Gooood." Ericha's did not have energy for speaking so she was resolved to let Lucian pound the words out of her.

Lucian felt her gasping and panting, he smiled softly making sure the woman in his arms was safe and secure, her arms and legs were limp and she did not know that she clawed his back so badly he started to bleed a little. But he did not care. That was a mark of excellence on his body and he would display it proudly like a decorated army general would do to his medals.

Gently gyrating his hips in and out of his catatonic woman who started making cute little moans and gasps whenever he would change the angle of his penetration. Smiling to himself whenever that would happen, he was busy watching how she glowed with perspiration, even though she was drenched from overhead shower, there was something different on her body, as the new sheen was slightly slippery to his touch as water did not wash it quick enough. He could clearly see light droplets being caught in certain areas all over her body.

Ericha drooled as her mouth were hanging open, taking what little air she could get to, but Lucian made sure that he scooped every little bit of her essence, while he used his tongue to pick up any stranded drops of saliva. A delicious sweet taste that stoked his carnal desires even further.

Lucian could feel his own climax approaching and he wanted to finish in a special way as he took the time to cradle her blonde head and take her open mouth in a passionate kiss that seared Ericha's soul. He could see she was slowly getting there too so he softly said, "Wait for me my love I'm almost there."

"Not...Sure...If... I can..." She moaned.

To both of their surprise Lucian and Ericha had a exquisite moment that extended to the stars as they kissed and licked each other faces, their fires finally escaping and enveloping every fiber of their being, a torpedo of lust and love exploded in their bellies and spread through their bodies. Something changed though. A single soft trail of black ink spread from Lucian's wrist down to his body and eventually ended on Ericha's own wrist tattoo. They were unaware of this happening as they spent relishing in presence as one being.

Ultimate climax. A firestorm of love as they kept their clinch going for a long time, neither of them wanting to let go, neither of them wanted to be the one to end this wonderful moment of oneness. Cohesion of their bodies, if one was to enter this bathroom and look at them, they would think it was a one being with two heads. A penultimate being approaching their own height of consciousness. So close to finality that they could grasp its aura.

Lucian thought of nothing else but her, Ericha was deliciously glued to his body and he wanted more, he wanted her to be a part of him, and for a brief second he could swear that he felt her emotions as well.

A moment of love, unity and understanding washed over him, as it almost brought him to his knees, it took a herculean effort to keep standing with a catatonic woman in his arms. Ericha slowly came to, looking at this man that held her like his life depended on it, not even knowing where or when, she wanted to be let down, to gather her senses. Ericha could feel his compassion and joy, and knew that this man would be with her 'till the end of times.

Slowly he picked her up and carried her to their room. A silent shush of the door made sure no one would wake up and he was happy that this was the case, as he moved with purpose to where Liza and his sister lied.

Ericha started silently crying as he cradled her body and started quietly cooing into her ear, she felt so much love. A veteran of many life battles, one could say she was his senior, both in love and in life, but then again she never thought this was waiting for her, a perfect mate that took his time and effort to make her as happy as possible.

One silent, soft tear washed over his eye as he said, "My love I love you."

Her soul was now in peace, this was where she belonged. And slowly she drifted to dreamland, safely tucked in Lucian's strong arms. Still feeling his gentle caresses.

***

Room sat behind his back destroyed as he gazed at the woman between his legs, crying, despair was written all across her face as she hid herself between her hands. As if he would let that. Smashing her face with his other foot he watched as the woman started gasping for air, he commanded her pain.

Sadistic eyes of Lineas Loog made sure that no one in the room, from the people that served him, intervened in this special rewarding process. She DARED to speak.

Then there was HIM.

He turned his body and watched the unmoving picture on the broken crystal viewing screen. Boiling hate that poured from every one of his pores did nothing to make things easier for him, so many months lost in proverbial play. Picking his gun and firing several shots into the still screened picture of Lucian.

He was to blame.

"I need a drink." He silently said.

He stood there, waiting, no one else dared to move, everyone was on edge as they saw his sanity slowly eroding away. What if this was a trick?

"GET ME A DRINK!!!!" Screaming he fired several shot into the ceiling of his expensive villa.

People ran in fear. Those that should stand in attention dared not to move even upon the threat of death. They flinched trying not to attract the insane man's ire.

Lineas for one glared at the woman beneath his feet. Looking at her mangled body he pointed his gun toward her head and slowly pulled the trigger. A shot echoed through the room and people flinched. But his rage was such that every fiber of his body shook. His aim was horribly off and his shots kept missing. Finally he roared in apparent defeat and started hitting the woman at his feet.

Minutes after his energy finally left him and he slumped on one of his expensive chairs. Intricate design from long lost artisans that knew what it was to make something that lasted. Only one of its kind remained and he made sure he got it.

Drained from energy and rage he wished to strangle the man at the crystal view, he silently said, "Giving him rewards while I get nothing."

Sighing again he pointed the gun at the unmoving woman.

Everyone was inwardly praying that they never do anything to earn his wrath.

***

He goggled at the screen in pure disbelief as alien man spoke to him, every one of the senior officers in the room looked in silence as their gaze never left the screen, as if staring at a deity, the alien man/woman, thing, Lucian was not quite sure, waited for his answer with a smile on his face.

"Can you repeat the question, please?" Lucian spoke again unsure what was said.

The sophisticated pig faced alien was dressed in almost blinding white clothes with blue crown-like thing on his head. A snout on his face remained Lucian of pigs, but he knew that this was so much more, pigs would never speak this clearly and with such beauty. Lucian tried not to giggle from his comparisons to the creatures of Earth.

Downward pointing tusks were this creature's main feature, pristine and white they looked eerie on something that seemed so friendly. Color of his skin was pinkish white, similar to that of humans and boteans, humanlike red eyes spoke of its massive intelligence that Lucian would never give to creatures that looked like this. He was not primitive, but radiated calm energy that relaxed him and gave him reassurance that this was a conversation that would not end badly.

"As I said, young one, can you do us a favor?" The creature asked.

His glowing red eyes were unreadable, but still Lucian felt immense power coming out from them, scratching his head in disbelief he begun, "A favor, like what exactly?"

"Let me just begin by saying you did us great service this day and we would like to give you few rewards for your crowning achievements." Still the radiant face felt unmoving, unnatural, Lucian thought for a second to run and never to look back.

But he decided to stay. "You talk about achievements, and rewards, but I did nothing to deserve this."

"You saved innocence. That alone is enough in my eyes. I know what I'm about to do is breaching protocol but I would like to give you something and give you a task to do." Pleasing voice from the screen washed over Lucian and he welled with a strange sense of pride.

Lucian looked apprehensive not knowing where this was leading, what he was about to do, or be forced to do, many of his thoughts were carefully scrutinizing what the task would be, and everyone saw that he was looking a little bit overwhelmed and scared.

"No reason to be scared; 2000 people are alive, many more souls are safe, the Divine is radiating Oneness, but for everything that this might lead to I just want to plan ahead and use whatever resource I come across to, you being one of those makes things a lot easier." Soft voice paused looking at Lucian's reactions.

After moments had passed the pig on the screen continued, "I give you the right to sail across our space safely and I would like to ask you to escort the civilians that were enslaved back to their respective homes. We gave them all of the help that they would need, but the ship that you are currently on has urgent matters to attend to and these people are in no position to wait another moment to feel safe and secure, to let their families know they are all right."
