 Lucian was slowly losing his sight.

His enemy was near, he was sure of that, but earlier attacks left him somewhat immobilized. He always thought going for the eyes or the groin was a coward's way to go, but apparently his opponent did not abstain from such methods.

He tried to adjust his degrading vision, but as soon as he would see a clear picture another attack would come from his blind spots and the process would start anew.

*I'm fucked.* He thought.

Wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth he waited for the finishing move. Lucian always thought being prepared was secondary, but apparently not, he was rushing into the hands of a skilled artist that knew how to prolong his agony.

Lucian tried to hear things, but his breathing was too labored to perceive anything else. Cursing his own stupidity for avoiding training time in the gym whenever he was called by his friends. He tried to feel the vibrations on his bare feet, but again, the enemy was far too skilled to be detected by such methods. As the attacker came closer it was like breath of wind. Too late to be perceived by his methods. It was as if Lucian was an open book and he was an appropriate target for this hunter.

It was funny, but as inexperienced as he was, Lucian adapted to the assault very quickly. He heard snickers behind him, whenever he would feel an attack on his skin or swish of air near his body he would adopt a defensive posture, but as he stood on the ground with his arms raised and poised to deflect any incoming frontal attack people would snicker. He was ALMOST sure that the enemy was somewhere in front of him. Prepared like a boxer waiting for the attack to begin. Protecting his head and face. He was almost sure nothing could get through.

*SLAM*

He felt something hard breaking through his defenses and hitting his right side. Almost yelling out of pain and mostly surprise, the force of the impact sent him to the floor immediately.

It was strange. There was no flying through air contemplating his past. He just slumped, all the air came out. Lucian could not get air inside his lungs even as he gasped. He was stunned, sure of the area the attacker was, the attack from front never came, instead of him trying to protect something now he was starting to feel fear.

Everything went haywire, his senses could not be controlled and he lost whatever control he had over his emotions. He started breathing, every breath feeling painful. He was eventually resorted to take quick shallow breaths. Unaccustomed to the new style of breathing the panic attacks came in waves. He tried to breathe. But could not.

He tried to flee but was promptly stopped by a body that was suddenly behind him. Scared, hurt and tired he slumped over and started to feel dizzy, a sudden crash of energy, he could not hear, he could not see: this was the end. A veil of black started to seep into his eyes. It was no longer blurry, but in the corner of his eyes a dark circle started to appear and he started to drift. The slow building wave of unconsciousness was hugging his body.

"Relax. Practice is over." The voice said.

"You lot start practicing. A newcomer showed you how it's done, stop snickering and start fighting." A very familiar voice said.

The arm caressed his head. He was slumped over two mounds that he fondly remembered. A gentle voice came in his ear, "Now you see why I did not want to fight against you."

There was heavy pain behind those words. He still had to struggle for every breath, "Why did you have to ask me to fight you?"

Still he could not form words, all Lucian could do was grip his sides as every breath jarred his sides to excruciating pain, "I...Think...You...Did...Good." He said as he grabbed air with every word.

Finally his eyes focused enough to see the person that was cradling his head on her buxom. Ericha slowly appeared in front of his face, her face a mess, as she just cried watching her beloved in pain that she inevitably had caused.

The fight had a clear winner. Ericha, an expert in every martial art, veteran in combat, against someone that never had a fight in his life. It was a hard lesson that he knew he had to take sometime in the future, so he thought why not sooner than later.

Lucian was tired, so tired that he almost went to sleep in Erichas arms, she had to kneel down with him just to set his exhausted body. Adrenaline in the heat of the battle took its toll on his senses and even Lucian looked like he was in an elongated combat that took hours to finish.

But the truth could not be any more depressing. Everything was over in under 3 minutes.

Snickers around did not help the situation, some were laughing openly and some were just shaking their heads like they knew what was going to happen.

"A woman beat him. How embarrassing. I'd rather die." A rather loud voice yelled across the mat making everyone in the room turn their heads.

A man in black tight training clothes was lying on the ground while his head was propped on one elbow. Evidently something about the situation was hilarious to him. Lucian found the snickering and laughing something mundane, he never would pay attention to people that had nothing better to do, but offer their cold critique in the most deprecating way they could think off. Almost as if something could be learned if they just made fun of their target hard enough.

Ericha glared at the man, he took the challenge gladly as he thought nothing of the woman's searing stare. He could not care less. A woman could NEVER beat a man.

"Just kill yourself man. It's the only thing you could do now. I would be embarrassed to walk these streets after that fight." He commented again.

"Listen I could help you I know a guy and he'll give you a discount." He cackled. Amused with his own words.

Ericha could not take anymore, as strong willed as Lucian was, she could not stand to see anyone make fun of her Lucian, "Are you man enough to fight me?" She simply asked.

Her voice hid the torrent of emotions. She was primed and ready to go at moment's notice. The man looked happy, as he jumped up and strutted towards the mat. Eyes followed his every move.

Ericha gently laid Lucian's head on the matted ground, careful not to wake this sleeping prince. She kissed her fingers and gently pressed them to his lips. "I'll be back soon my love." She gently whispered.

She lifted and moved with purpose. A man that she knew and respected approached her and whispered something in her ear as the man stood patiently and grinning widely. "Make sure he's alive."

A simple and gentle warning came from the man. He was in charge of this dojo. They visited it after Lucian begged her for a chance to go few rounds against her. She was reluctant at first, but his constant pleading eventually won and with heavy heart she was forced to show him a small sample of her abilities. She shook her head, *I shouldn't have told him about those stories.* She thought in self-depreciation.

They stood few meters apart. A silent but deadly lull was in the air, one person was stoic and calm, apprising her opponent seconds before the engagement just like she was thought all those years ago, but her opponent was busy clowning around.

"Whoever is standing last is the winner." The man simply said and raised his arm.

Looking at both combatants the man jokingly said as he wiggled his tongue, smirking at Ericha, "Time to get some poon."

"Begin!" The judge yelled lowering his arm, he had to roll his eyes at the man's words. He should have kept his mouth shut.

Ericha disappeared from his sight and before everyone knew it the man ended in a bloody pile on the floor, retching all over, his eyes rolled in the back of his head. The final thing he saw was a smirking woman. Breaking his left and right leg.

The only one who could see what she had done was the judge and he sighed silently as he watched another one of his prospects lying broken.

"I thought I told you -- " He begun.

"Hey he is alive." Ericha interrupted the man.

Back she went to her lover on the ground. The man, the judge shivered as he saw a smirk appear on her face. He was lucky she was not mad. Glancing sadly at the broken husk on the ground he signaled few people to move in and take it away.

Lucian was up by the time she came back. He missed what had happened so he searched her face for any sight of pain, but all he could see was satisfaction.

"So. I think. My... Ribs. Are .... Broken." He said.

Ericha went pale. She did not know she hurt him in any way. "H -- How?"

Lucian noticed her pale complexion and lifted his right hand as far as he could. "Ah. That...was...when... You...hit...me .... Here." He pointed on his right side.

"I told you." She cried.

"I freaking told you. I am strong. Sorry. I am so sorry." She looked pleadingly into his eyes.

She was scared of losing him. She was not only strong, but could have killed him if she did not pull back her power dramatically. His defense was not weak enough for her to penetrate it with weak attacks, so she resorted to powerful thrusts, which resulted in broken ribs apparently. He was probably going to leave. She saw it few times. Men often hate strong women.

"Dummy." Lucian said.

"What...was...That...face...for?" He asked breathing heavily.

"Are you going to leave me now?" She was trembling, as several scenarios rushed through her mind.

"Why?" He moved closer gently moving her legs onto his lap.

She looked in his eyes. She saw genuine confusion. "I beat you up." She simple said.

"So? You. Are. Strong." He simply said through gritted teeth.

She could only jump on him, forgetting about his pain until he screamed and passed out. She lied on top of him suddenly remembering and calling for help. Several people rushed to his aid and helped him on a gurney. He indeed needed to get stronger.

Much stronger.

****

Lindsay and Liza were very busy this past week.

Even though Lindsay was a trained Helmsman and Navigator she wanted to branch out to different areas and see what suited her the best. Ericha during the week ordered everyone to take a mandatory target and weapons practice.

Everyone on board needed to know how to keep their weapons spotless. With authoritative voice she demanded of them to have military precision. Despite every one of them having nothing to do with military.

Ericha was different. Having a background in a special unit, and using her background to help them accommodate to their new lifestyle, she took charge and set them on the right path. No one had the skill when it came to ground combat; her unit was one of many that landed in combat areas and used their will to charge and take control of anything that needed their attention, they would drop in and take out whatever their target was. Their unusually high skills were perfect for holding crucial ground positions.

Lindsay detested weapons, unlike her brother, she was not about to partake in anything violent, but as she talked with Lucian she figured out that universe is pretty dark and scary place. Not to mention there are people in it that do not shy away from hurting or killing anyone.

Pacifist by nature Liza was equally reluctant to participate or even hold a weapon in her hands, but Lucian's and Ericha's gentle guidance saw her to the worst of it, since once she was alone they wanted her to know how to battle and subdue an enemy.

She had innate ability to quickly learn and adapt anything. And this proved to be just as easy. In matter of hours she became a professional with all sorts of weapons. Knifes, guns, rifles, martial arts. She exceled at all of it, for one Lucian thought his expertise came in different areas, no it was not sex you leeches, but still he wanted to be appraised, he wanted to belong somewhere. He still was figuring out what his calling in life was.

After a while of going back and forth through their combat training final piece of puzzle arrived in the form of their new clothes. Finally they donned their new suits. Nothing too fancy, but it still provided great deal of comfort. Lucian really thought that she looked fetching in their matching black and white suits.

Their old ones were replaced by these 'Original' ones, so that their ship and crew could have their own style of clothing. Even though Lucian had an idea for this ship to be less formal, they had to at least wear protective suits beneath their normal clothes.

The suit was gripping their skin tightly so they could comfortably walk in them around their ship, easily taken off or put on, and as Lucian jokingly said "Even machine washable".

Surprisingly many of his thoughts and mannerisms translated perfectly to these alien worlds. People that grew from different worlds had the almost the same sense of humor. Even their reality shows were somewhat similar to the ones on Earth. More in -- fighting, but generally the same.

For Lucian, after he found out that his broken ribs were actually shattered and inches away from puncturing his vital organs he needed to spend few weeks on the bed recuperating, it was beneficial, mostly since he spent plenty of time having wonderful sex with his wives.

Space medicine, or in this case for Lucian, futuristic medicine only went so far, his body was hurt. Lucian knew it and no amount of futuristic space technology would be worth it of his life span. As he was reminded as his background was largely unknown he was prohibited from taking part in another 'miracle' healing as he did the first time. Until further notice he was left healing the old fashioned way.

"Four to six weeks." One doctor said as Lucian was slowly losing his mind after only one week.

He sighed, but was reminded by Liza how much he needed her in times like these. He showed the full appreciation for this woman many times.

Even now he was balls deep in Liza as she reminded him that he was neglecting his healing process. Too bad. Couple of minutes later she was bent over his bed receiving every bit of his love and care that she could. Their tattoos flared every time their skin would touch and that amplified everything. The sex was amazing.

He moved slowly. Careful not to jar his injuries. He was selfishly taking his pleasure, he still felt pangs of guilt even though the woman beneath him did not object.

"Ahhhhhh" Liza breathed as he started to piston his hips harder in her melting folds. Twisting his face in pained grimace as their flesh would slap.

Her cunt started to anticipate his attacks and would preemptively ooze juice to prepare for its onslaught. "God your cunt is amazing."

Every time he would meet her flesh his right side would scream in protest. It was horribly uncomfortable to continue in this way, since every time that would happen he would start to lose his wood, but through herculean effort he managed to ignore the bolts of pain in turn focusing on gentle sway of her hips. Pain was secondary as he watched mesmerized, she moved like a goddess, a woman trying to find new heights of pleasure.

Liza panted, looked over her shoulder at Lucian's eyes, "Only for you my love."

She started to sway her hips around. Making his cock prod different areas of her cunt, both of them moaned in unison. Lucian felt the folds of her flesh on the tip of his penis. He shivered, almost losing the grip on his approaching climax. He had to wrestle it to the ground and push it back into his balls.

"Did you like what Lindsay left you? " Suddenly Liza asked.

He leaned in gently taking one of her antennas in his mouth, her whole body shivered in delight. No one even thought of doing this and it made everything feel better. "Did you have anything to do with that?"

His whispers sent shivers down her spine. "YESSSSSSS." She screamed as she felt a climax from deep within escaping.

It appeared from nowhere. Lucian gripped the bed sheets trying to focus and resolved not to cum just yet.

Liza was in heaven. She could not begin to fight these sensations and they just kept approaching and smacking her body with such a vivid force. Sometimes this would happen and she could do very little, or did not want to do anything to prevent these from occurring. She was happily slobbering Lucian's bed, her mouth was open in silent scream for a while and she did not bother closing them, figuring the situation would resolve itself.

"She had fun. As did I. I never thanked Lindsay, nor you, beloved One." He breathed.

"DIVINE. STARS." She screamed as another one chaotically enveloped her body, dancing with the previous one in delicious harmony.

"Turn around I want to watch your eyes, my love." He gently said.

She obeyed. Turning nimbly allowing him between her legs, gently coaxing her lover with her arms and legs to go faster, get in her deeper. She did not notice the pained expression on his face. Too lost in her ecstasy, Lucian had to move her legs around to lessen their pressure. She forgot that he was still healing.

There was a lull in the air. He cradled her head, kissing her drool away, lapping it up with his tongue as his hips worked their magic. Delightful sounds started to emerge from deep within as Lucian poked that golden spot he knew so well.

"Don't you think that's disgusting?" A sudden voice woke him up.

Liza's voice was apprehensive, "If I thought it was I would not do it." Lucian responded.

Between licks and slurps he asked, "Do you hate it?"

He knew the answer, Lucian felt it on his cock, but he needed her conformation, "No it's incredibly arousing." Liza moaned.

He could feel her apprehension again, she looked him in the eyes as he stopped his every action waiting for her to begin, "But it's my spit. My drool."

Lucian smiled. His cock still deeply imbedded inside her warm folds. He started moving again eliciting a slow moan from his lover. Their eyes were watching closely, for every move, every response the other person had. A jolt ran through Liza's body and made her break eye contact as she relished in the sensations, it was as if the top of her head was suddenly opened up making thoughts impossible, every thought was scrambled and warm tidal wave started to rush from her moist cave.

Her four hands went apart letting her lover go, relishing in the sensation. Letting the sensation go in every pore undisturbed, she found out if Lucian moved and she lied still the feeling, the climax, the Divine's blessing would never end and keep on going forever.

"Does this answer your lingering doubts?" He flexed his cock inside her making her open her eyes in surprise.

"Oh YEEEEEEEEEEEES." She finally screamed.

Lucian watched amazed as her perspiring body started to rise and shiver. She was magnificent. Her muscles started to respond in unison and he could feel her moist cunt gripping him tightly. He was close to his own release.

He leaned in kissing her soft lips, "I'm sorry my love, I'll cum soon."

She smiled. Caressing his cheeks with her hands she gently pulled his body as far as it would go, Lucian then grunted slowly shaking as not to jar his injury and she felt jets of cum wash her insides. She was surprised how much this man had in such a tight fitting package. She smiled sensing little shivers across her body at the feeling her beloved was giving her.

Liza was proud, smiling and satiated. Looking lovingly at her man, making sure she was not hurting him, she kissed and kept kissing his face as he waited patiently. She was a rumble of emotions. Positive energy just came in waves as she felt the love pouring from their bond.

Both of them slept soundly. Lucian on top of her, Liza cradling her lover and showering him with silent love.

***

Screams of terror erupted around the hall as people started to run. Slow yellow mist was enveloping the surrounding area.

Bits and pieces of teared flesh were left behind them as the man stood, shaking in utter disbelief as members of Congress around him started to die in most terrifying ways.
