 - Once again I am sorry for taking so much time off your hands to upload this chapter. It has been one hell of a trying few months and I have not adapted as well as I would have in my new environment. I dedicate this to my family member that passed away... Special thanks to my editor HeyAll.

I love you all.

'One For All' landed on a remote planet. Sun started to slowly sag, going behind the horizon as it breathed the first embers of the incoming night, it would leave them in darkness in mere minutes, but they were prepared for it wearing their newest purchases. Colors were getting dimmer by the second and yet they felt the need to stay in place and gather in these rare sights.

They spent some time traveling to this location to obtain precious resources needed to acquire money to prolong their stay in space. Adrift. Food, water, fuel and entertainment did not come cheap. Everything was a precious commodity, for a right buyer. There were not many places like this one, a treasure trove of minerals, life forms unknown; for any explorer this world was the place to go, but for whatever reason it was limited to miners and even they did not go without armed forces. Why? Even that information Ericha found out from her old contacts. She had to pry what little they had to offer with promises of lucrative deals.

True to her contacts, they found a planet rich with alien flora and fauna. Lucian needed some time to acclimate to these new sights and sensations, as breathtaking as it was they had a job to do and Lucian picked up his gear and started walking.

Beside him carrying his own gear was Momoa. The man was strong. Lucian had to admit to himself. Whenever he saw him the boundless strength he possessed took his breath away. He moved with purpose and unending energy. There was something that was driving him as his eyes were focused on a goal much further away. Lucian tried to talk with the man about his past, knowing what had happened, but the broad-shouldered man would just lock up and go back into himself. Soon Lucian realized that he did not trust anyone on this ship. A problem he would have to address.

Through their EV suits they heard the rumble of the jungle and eventually the ship's engines revving, flying into orbit. Planet surface made their sensors go haywire, one of the reasons they wore their EV suits, so they decided on a different area of approach. As they couldn't spot any danger that was coming their way from space. So Ericha told them she'll come back down after setting some probes deep into the system, so they could alert them from anything that might come for them. After what had happened they took no chances.

Lucian hummed a song in his comms, eventually that hum became audible.

"All Alone in the world, There no one here beside me." Lucian started to sing through his coms while carrying his gear and mandatory rifle over his other shoulder. He was feeling unusually happy. After their talk Ericha and Liza wanted to come as well, but eventually they had to attend to their duties on board the ship.

"What? I'm here," Momoa said simply.

"I know it's a song." Lucian said with a smile, he did not know what made him sing that particular song, but remembering a funny movie from his home attracted a familiar parallel to his current situation.

"Kind of depressing." While keeping his pace Momoa kept talking.

Lucian shrugged, "A valid observation."

Continuing their short walk he said, "I don't remember where the song came from but it kind of fits the situation if not the mood." He smiled.

When Lucian turned his head he saw Momoa looking at his feet while walking, probably thinking, and again lost in his reverie. Finally he shook his head and smiled, "I don't get it."

Watching the man's expression made Lucian's heart lurch. His sad expression made all the more sense after what had Lucian seen in his memories.

Rustling of grass, crackling of rocks and singing of creatures that looked like monkeys made the somber conversation somehow happier. There was life on this blue beauty. Lucian stopped for a second after he had seen the entrance to a cave system that they were walking to.

It was situated deep into the forest. Buried deep into the ground. The cave mouth hid what it actually was in front of them, the insipid darkness was a veil that they could not breach, its membrane too thick for their mounted flashlights.

"I hate caves," Lucian silently said. He was not aware that Momoa heard his silent cries.

This was a primal fear. You were left at the mercy of Mother Nature. A silent bystander that could snuff his life whenever she wanted to and going into a 'den of death' as he liked to call it, was something that caused Lucian to tremble in fear. Even so this was his first venture into a cave. He did not know what to expect.

Lucian was not an adventurous soul, "Take a tour she said, it'll be fun she said." He whined, remembering Ericha's words as she coerced him into going. Promises were made, those would be granted once he returned.

The man had a soft smile and led Lucian into the dark crevice. Only loud echo of their feet could be heard in the vicinity. Lucian noted that there were no animals near this entrance. It felt weird and unnatural, the sight of this cave, bare rock surrounded slowly by tall grass, as he approached the apex of the crevice, as it slowly bent towards its belly, fear washed over his shoulders as he tried not to think what lurked further inside. There were secrets unknown waiting to be released. He heard the animal's cry slowly fade away.

Thinking nothing of it he proceeded to follow in Momoa's footsteps. He was long ways away from him as he stopped few times to admire the natures broad strokes, the ingenuity of her design on this distant rock took his breath away. It reminded him of home.

A sudden cry from deep into the cave startled both men. Wildlife around stopped crying while the wind brushed right through treetop. Trees around cave's vicinity slowly danced in the wind. As they stopped to wonder what those noises were, a low rumble could be heard, approaching from somewhere like a continuous thunder of someone's hooves. Suddenly, after the thunder stopped, a beast erupted from beneath the ground and grabbed Momoa around his body. One second he was there, the next gone from Lucian's sight.

"MOMOA!" He yelled, started running with everything he had.

He realized he was alone and he just saw something drag his companion away. He started running towards the place he last saw Momoa.

He gasped for breath, the man unaccustomed by the tight confines of his EV suit. He could feel his hot breath returning right into his face, occasionally evaporation from his breath would cloud the screen, leaving him disoriented. The hole was right there but something told him the creature could still be lurking beneath that suffocating darkness. Instead of slowing down and dropping to his knees, he slid on them until he was right above it, weapon wildly swinging from his shoulder. He felt the ache in his knees, grimacing as the pain shot through his right leg.

The next second his gun was primed and ready at his shoulder before he was aware of it, but the hole was deep, black and menacing. It was like he could hear the danger coming from its depths. Hole was wide enough to allow him free movement if he wanted to shimmy down its tight confines.

"MOMOA! YOU THERE?!" Lucian could hear his voice, desperation was thick in it and yet there was still hope.

Nothing. The comms were silent. His mind played little tricks, whenever he would hear a crackle or a buzz he thought Momoa would laugh through the other end. He held his breath long enough, as he was looking down the hole he suddenly realized the monster could probably be right in front of his face and he would not even see it. He could hear his heartbeat. Lucian tried to remember what the monster looked like but he just saw white fur and claws. Like his mind played tricks, keeping him from visualizing the horrific encounter.

The sun still had few minutes before it went down. Then a realization, "What if that were one of the girls?"

In the blink of an eye he was gone. Down the 'rabbit' hole he went. He just had enough room to slide in arms in front of him and legs wide apart behind him, trying to get as much of a hold as he could. His gun was in front shining the small light from its muzzle. Even though he had one on his helmet, it wasn't enough for him to see as far into the hole to ease his growing anxiety while he was digging down.

Shimming down the hole was not easy. Lucian was not claustrophobic, but still the action held some uneasiness. What if scenarios; started to accumulate in his brain, while he counted inches towards his eventual destination. Almost every second was filled with anticipation. Waiting for that huge claw to come at him through a thick black veil.

*What if there is an earthquake?* He thought while climbing down the dark depths.

Earth around him could just close and he would forever be lost. A natural tomb provided by Mother Nature.

The flashlight was still on and as he crawled down into the dark depths it did illuminate some portion of the wall, but the hole was just too deep or too dark for it to provide a light source that was strong enough that his eyes wouldn't squint or his heart would not lurch at every shadow on the wall in front of him.

Could darkness be too dark? He never really thought about it, but there was one proof positive right in front of him. He barely saw anything.

What if the monster was right in front of him, silent and waiting to pounce on him?

The thing was probably long gone but still these worries plagued his mind. Alone in the deep dark tunnel was unnerving. Lucian needed to move. So he slowly closed his legs and started the long slide down, apparently not every portion of the wall was airtight.

He could feel himself sliding faster and faster. His EV suit started to rip and tear from sliding through dirt, rock wall around him allowed him to move his shoulders around and move his arms into a more comfortable position. The dark veil suddenly opened and he saw the ground fast approaching. Thin strips of light shining over the ground where he was about to fall down onto. Somehow he managed to do a flip in the air and land on his back.

"OOOF!" Escaped from his mouth as air came rushing out from the force of the impact.

Few moments had passed as he waited for his breath to come back.

"Fuuuuuuck, that hurts." Lucian finally groaned after his senses returned to him.

It took few minutes for his aching body to accommodate to the new feelings of liberty, so after he was done moping around on the ground he finally remembered what he was chasing.

An ape monstrosity.

He sat up and started to fumble around for his rifle.. This was him in action finally. Even through his shaky nerves, one strand of coherent thought invaded his consciousness as it said "move" He glanced around and saw he was out on the open. No rocks or cover to be found. Just an empty tunnel.

Colorless, faceless rock was all around him, the light provided by his suit and gun weren't enough for him to see everything, still he felt unnerved by dancing shadows, however that might be strong he was determined to move along. He HAD to find Momoa.

He stood up on his feet, moved to the far right wall, breathing heavy and hard, several times during this he wanted to stop and just scream his fears out. He wanted to run and save his life. Again that one fleeting thought crossed his mind, "What if that was Ericha? Or Liza? Or his sister."

Would he feel the same fear and trepidation? Would he refrain from going into the unknown?

"Momoa, answer me. Are you there?" He softly called out through his comms.

He thought about keeping quiet but he had to know. Tumble of few stray rocks from the ceiling made his heart jump and he was seconds away from pouring everything he had in the gun he was holding. At nothing.

Somehow he held tight. He held on to his fear and stopped himself from pulling the trigger. His hands were shaking violently, by now he was sweating bullets trying, attempting to hold tight to his sanity.

Wall was safe and it somehow restricted his insanity, he moved softly and he dawned at him he heard tiny crunches of something. His light was still brightly illuminating the wall opposite of him so he, at first, thought he was caught. Wall was just ten feet in front of him with a bunch of stray rocks here and there. The lifeless darkness beckoned his illumination as he did not provide enough for the area to be brightly glowing.

Again he heard crunches from further into the cave, then a loud very low pitched "Hmph" sound. He braced his gun, shoulder strained and started to ache by the pressure he was exerting. Muzzle of the gun was not lifted, but rested peacefully on his left palm. His left hand gripped the presented object almost in desperation. Lucian could feel the white knuckles starting to ache and become numb from this untrained function. He saw thinly stray licks of light coming from a corner further down the cave. The dark veil around him made the lights brighter and everything around it was illuminated enough for him to see without his searchlight.

Breathing heavily, he tried to collect his gasps into sharper, more silent; even though he had a helmet on that probably muffled his labored breathing, he had a hard time hearing anything coming from the outside. Sweat dripped into his eyebrows and around his eyes. The few stray strands of the salty liquid dripped into his eyes, forcing him to blink away the uneasiness that this had brought to him. Silence was deafening. He started to walk slowly. Careful not to raise too much noise with his steps. His left foot would raise above and soft parts of dirt would drip down its edge onto the rocky floor. As aching minutes passed, the noises became more profound and he registered the tell-tale noise of bones breaking as if someone was chewing.

Lucian's nerves were on fire. Despite swallowing his spit, his mouth felt dry and even while he tried to wet them with his tongue seconds after he had done it his lips would quickly dry.

The wall next to him was leading to another opening. Finally his light illuminated further and he took one glance where he fell from the ceiling. Promiscuous light source that shone just a few moments ago so beautifully was quickly forgotten. He approached the closed off hallway. Nowhere to run and he started to tremble. Anticipating someone would approach him any second and he would have to react.

Tunnel bent of to the side, to his right, light gently licked the walls, as he saw another light source coming from the exit of the room, the light that was coming from it was prominent and he started to walk faster. Good. His muscles still remembered how to function properly.

Leaning to his right wall he peeked over his shoulder, remembering to shut his helmet light off, he noticed a ledge right in front of him that obscured some of his vision. Lucian went to go further in not noticing a presence off to the side of the tunnel he was in.

As he was about to step out the presence sniffed the air around it making Lucian froze in fear. His feet almost gave out right then, but somehow he reached the wall. Right behind him someone was still sniffing the air, this time closer to where he was about to exit. He felt phantom claws go through the air in an attempt to grab his shoulder. He almost yelped in terror but he bit his lips as he dove past the cave wall.

"Holy shit. Holy shit. What is that?" He whispered in terror. His voice was shaking waiting in anticipation for something to happen.

His hands were shaking. The thing approached closer, still tasting the air around it, its nose working in overtime. Its presence was known, air was thick with anticipation and fear, due to his EV suit he did not smell anything but instead shivered as if he could feel the air around him go colder.

Finally, after some time, during which Lucian started to sob silently, the uneasiness finally effecting his need to run and hide; that same presence started to wander off, after which Lucian slowly sagged down on his knees. Relief emanating from every pore on his body, sweat started to soak his clothes as adrenaline started to dry off and in turn leave him without any strength.

*What am I going to do?* he thought. Silently he listened to any sign that would help him recognize anyone whom might approach where he was hiding.

He needed to look for Momoa. It was useless to try and call for him since his throat was parched. Dry. He took a few moments and closed his eyes. All of his energy was gone.

He slowly drifted to sleep, he felt those lips again. The silent coos that detached him from this awful place.

He wept. Wishing he was in her arms once again.

***

Lucian ground his pelvis around in slow methodical circles while imbedded deep inside her sex, he knew what he liked and what she enjoyed with ever so gentle sway in his hips coaxing silent, gasping and occasional ear splitting moans to come out of his paramour. He knew what she liked, predictably her shivering body gave him plenty of stamina to prolong his incoming climax as another wave washed over her body, his teeth would clench in frustration. Not letting go of his.

Lovingly looking into her eyes as she came down was something that he came to love, stroking her cheeks he would often whisper sweet words that often came out cheesy, embarrassing lines he often saw on TV, but now nothing was needed. They were joined emotionally by their tattoo link. Everything was right in the world at that moment.

It did not take long for Lucian to cum, especially in Ericha. He rested his body on top of hers, their naked, perspiring flesh gritting to each other, while they tried to catch their breath.

He would often lie to himself, talking about loving her for hours and hours, but that was sometimes impossible as she demanded her release and in turn that would coax his own.

So as much as he loved to fantasize about loving his wife, lover and better half of his soul, that was just not possible. "It's your beauty." He commented out loud one time as they enjoyed the silence after their shared climaxes.

"What about it?" She asked. They were alone in the bed after a tender 'romp in the sack' as Lindsay would call it, while Liza and she were on the bridge doing their daily duties.

He leaned on his hand watching her eyes, mesmerized by this mature woman's beauty "You are just incredibly sexy."

She raised her head, clearly this line of words made her think about something, "You aiming for something?"

"Yes. Your pleasure." He said watching for her reaction. He knew his line sounded corny as shit but he said it hoping to get something out of her.

"As soon as we begin I'm eager to cum. I blame your beauty for that." He said trying to sound apologetic, seeing as her face remained unchanged. Lucian's voice was calm and he had a smile on his lips, but for some reason Ericha thought she heard melancholy behind those words.

"What's wrong?" She asked. Sitting up on his lap. Her hands now gently caressing his cheeks.

Lucian heart ached. Her tone alone made his eyes water for no reason. "I feel like I'm a bad lover." He finally said.

She laughed for a moment, looking deeply into his eyes she said after a brief pause "I'm sorry, I'm not laughing at you."

Ericha was carefully observing his reaction, her hand still gently stroking his slowly appearing stubble. He did not have time to shave as recent events prevented them from returning for supplies, so he was left with a scruff of a beard. Ericha thought he looked sexier. More manly. She did not think a beard could make a man look cute, but for Lucian it made him just that. Rejuvenating his boyish charm. If it existed.
