 He was down. 

Lucian drifted in and out of consciousness. He felt his body being dragged through dirt, and felt the rock abrasions on his skin. They slowly tore through his suit, he could feel the skin being torn open and blood slowly dripping through the open sores. 

"Master awaits, faster." A gruff voice sounded.

He drew his eyelids open and saw two big creatures. Each was holding one of his legs and dragging him behind. To say that he was confused by their attire would be an understatement. He had clear sight of their massive, beefy arms, yet, the rest of their form was hidden behind a dark cloak. 

"Stop telling me what to do. The chief will get his prize." Another voice answered.

"Anyway, what is special about this one?" The same voice asked.

"Humph. Who knows, I was told he is from a small planet. Maybe rare species?" The other bigger creature stopped, shrugging its shoulders.

"BAH! I've been on 500 hunts. This one, by far, is the most boring. No honor in it." 

Sickly yellow skin was exposed and told of countless battles, or perhaps the scars were those of their mistreatment. They started to spit words which Lucian could not understand. Even though he could not understand them, he was sure that they spoke with contempt. The grip on one of his legs increased and he winced in pain, but continued to pretend he was asleep. 

The creature came close and sniffed, "I do not get it, this one smells weak. BAH! No honor."

They continued. He felt weird. Looking behind him he almost passed out from shock.

Then he saw his arm being dragged dangling behind his head. He felt sick. Almost mistaking it for a dirty rag. The suit was torn and the blood drenched the fabric. Lucian could not feel anything inside that dirty rag but hoped that some of his appendage was left intact. Very soon he felt his body slowly coming to a stop and felt one of his legs being dropped. Gently he raised his head and saw that they were no longer in the cave system but in front of a ship. 

"There. We fetched his toy." One of the voices spat.

Dark alien metal started to glimmer and shine and slowly started to reveal a door that was previously hidden by its eerie color. The door slowly started to drop open. Seconds passed and the black abyss of what was inside slowly came in front of his eyes.  

One of the creatures, the one that released his leg, knelt on the ground, slowly bringing its right hand to its chest. 

"Coward." The one remaining standing almost spat on the ground.

From where he was, Lucian, could not see what the hand was doing. The other one finally released its death grip on his ankle and slowly started to drop down to its knee as well. Eerie silence filled up the air as they waited calmly. Two creature stoically kneeling on the ground. The rocks that were probably poking their skin and bones were either quickly forgotten or completely ignored. 

Then Lucian heard a sound that he thought surely belonged to a mammoth. The left creature quickly stood up and ran inside the darkness and quickly disappeared. Silence quickly filled the air yet again.

"He and his toys. Pathetic wretch." Remaining creature mused.

Then the creature stiffened. Lucian's eyes tried to focus, he wanted to see clearly as to what could make this big, beefy creature act so strangely, but the blood he spat inside his suit hindered his sight.

He could see enough of the ship dark corridor to assume that there was something happening within its dark confines. Then a large body flew out of it and landed heavily behind Lucian. It took several moments for Lucian to register with his own brain what had just happened, but before he could even begin to process the events a small man started to emerge from the darkness. Gently walking up to the one creature that was still kneeling on the floor he waited for several moments while watching the monster shiver in fear. 

"I assume you had no troubles bringing this fine specimen." The voice of the man was hard to pin. It sounded almost mechanical.

The once defiant being was now shaking in fear. 

Lucian could swear that he saw none of man's arms or legs move, but still somehow the kneeling creature was launched into the cave and crashed with an audible sound. 

The man's face had no expression. Black eyes and hair framed his boyish looks. If Lucian saw him anywhere else he would think he was in pop idol teen group, there was something wrong about him that Lucian could not point to, but he knew that he did not want to be anywhere near this man. 

As if sensing he was watching him the man focused his gaze directly to Lucian's eyes. A shiver went through Lucian's own body. There was something sinister in the man's eyes that Lucian want nothing to do with it. 

"Now, if you are done moping, lift the specimen." The entity slowly whispered.

As if sensing trouble the two creature's magically appeared near Lucian. Without caring much they picked him up by his arms. The creatures stood still while Lucian winced in pain as one of them carelessly handled his broken appendage. His vision started to get blurry. He felt his head getting weaker and taking a lot more to keep it upright. As soon as he thought he was about to slip away there was a sharp unbearable pain.

"Arghhhh." Lucian yelled in pain.

Looking up he saw the man was looking him directly into his eyes. Lucian saw his hand move and gently grip his broken limb. Lucian never wanted to waver, but the reality of the situation was very different. Feeling the sinister aura slowly seeping and radiating from the man. 

Slowly an ominous smile appeared on his face. The man's sneer started to seep deep into his soul. Lucian started to shiver in fear. Finally he averted his gaze. In shame he closed his eyes waiting for the laugh that never came. His broken limb was slowly dangling, as he watched the man walk casually, back towards the entrance. 

Two creatures that were holding him started to walk in unison. As if they could mentally tune their step to match each other's, walking in tandem up to and eventually inside the dark ship interior. 

"Master, where do you want to put him?" One of the creatures slowly whispered.

"The room." Came a soft whisper.

It was darker than outside. Lights were positioned, not to illuminate, but to show how menacing the belly truly is.

"Should we feed him Master?" Another creature asked.

"I do not care. Sustenance means nothing to me." Entity softly replied.

The answer came monotone. 

Lucian's eyes needed several moments to focus to the new change in lightning. He squinted his eyes, wondering as his feet were hanging loose, how strong these two creatures really are. They held his and his suits weight with ease. He had an impression that they were a lot stronger. They certainly looked like they could lift a lot of weight.

For the first time he could see them clearly. They looked a lot like your overly enthusiastic bodybuilder. One thing that made them so different from your normal, organic meathead; was the sheer tone and amount of their muscles. 

He could hear them talking in a low voice. Lucian wondered if the man up front could as well. Their path was dark, almost too dark, but he could still see the strange contours of the interior. 

As they walked along, he could see strange metallic carvings alongside the walls, mesmerizing colors that attempted to pounce out of some of the sections out and dance across the room. Lucian was wondering; what kind of drugs was he on. His head was by now resting on his shoulder. He was taking in all of the colors that were dancing.

He forgot about the throbbing pain in his left arm. 

Through the haze the creatures spoke something. He tried to focus, but before he could realize and hear what the words were they threw him in a white room. Lucian landed on the floor skidding and sliding. 

Eventually he came to a stop. Starting to gasp as what little air that was left inside his lungs was driven out. He gazed in confusion at his 'benefactors' but saw nothing but dancing silhouettes. Finally his vision cleared. His gaze became focused. He tried to stand, but since he had the crippling injury he could not find the strength to remain upright. 

Slowly, he slid to his knees. 

"Another predicament." He thought. 

Lucian slowly closed his eyes. 

He took the time, like usual to address the situation. This was his escape from reality. A method he had adopted to escape reality, to focus and plan his next action. For few milliseconds he was somewhere else. Not in a white room.

A blink. And in front of him was a white garbed person, entity. He could not see its face. 

Several thoughts passed through his mind. Before any of those became coherent enough for him to even understand that he was thinking about them, the creature bent over and picked him up by the throat. 

He had a white mask, in a white suit, Lucian saw nothing but white. He could just barely see his own reflection. 

Lucian just then saw that he looked dirty. 

Bloodied. 

Unkempt. 

Lucian smiled. Expecting something from the white entity.

He could barely recognize the hand that was limply dangling from his side. Not broken, but looking worse by the minute. He wanted to know why he was in this and other situations.

What could he offer to the countless aliens and those times that he was exposed to harm? 

He was scared shitless countless times and for what. He just did not know. Why him? What was so important about his life? Until just months ago, by his memory, he was an average Joe. To some he was that invisible man that just spent on living from one day to the other. 

Not knowing he was doing it, Lucian focused his gaze on the white figure, on the person in front of him. His white mask reflecting his own stare. Lucian thought he could see the monster grimacing in anger, but soon left forgotten as an idle illusion.

A white gloved hand distracted him, he followed its movements through the air, mesmerized by the slow travel across space. The air around it as though it started to bend and distort. Moving ever so slowly towards Lucian broken arm. Deep down somehow he knew what would happen next.

As if sensing the vitriol of the person that was holding him by his aching throat, the hand grabbed his left wrist and the pain started again. Anew. Pains and hurts before this one were nothing. They became nothing. 

"WHY??" One word that echoed through his mind escaped his mouth.

At his question the white entity twitched. Cocking its head to the side as if it was examining his words for its value.

"Experiment!" A mechanical voice said.

The pain that coursed through his nerve endings was horrific, excruciating and never-ending. The man behind the white mask squeezed and kept squeezing his left limb. Then, with one smooth motion he tore it clean off from Lucian. Right before he saw his arm in another person's hands he passed out. 

From pain?

From shock? 

Masked creature stared at his handiwork. Eventually discarding the offending limb like it was trash. The blood seeped through the wound in endless stream. He released and let Lucian fall to the floor. As if coming through the very walls white individuals circled around the one holding Lucian. Turning on his heals he let the several men rush past him and tend to the broken man's wounds. 

*****

Where was he?

Who was he?

Time after time when he would wake, he forgot what or where he was, eliciting various emotions to pass through him. 

From confusion to despair. Eventually through what could only be perceived by boredom he stopped thinking at all, the thoughts just clouded his current situation and made him fall further in despair. The only way he could fight it was through ignorance.

Lucian stared at the white walls that were in front of him, strangely, it reminded him of home. At least whatever thoughts he allowed to invade the everlasting silence told him so. Slowly hours passed. The pain of discarded limb was nothing. Time blended into one large collage, a blend of experiences that could not be recognized. They in time blended into days, which in turn slowly merged into weeks, he stared at this illusion thinking it would change. But it never did. He slowly started to loose what little sanity he had and begun to experience the true horror of what it meant to be insane. 

His perception kept changing. 

Once he was standing, other times he was flying high above the ground. What was he doing? He could not tell. 

Was he even alive? Many questions invaded his mind. What of his lovers? Wives? Are they still waiting for him? The thought of them moving on scared and drove him further down the path of insanity. He was slowly becoming a husk. Not what he wanted.

"Why me?" Slowly words escaped his lips.

Certainly, all of the recent events were telling Lucian that he went crazy. Probably everyone that ever loved him had left him to his own fate, his lovers were never real.

Who could love someone like him? 

Probably an illusion that his broken mind concocted and seeing him in his crazed state, the people that cared most about him committed Lucian to a hospital for the insane. Lucian just silently hoped that, in his insanity, did not hurt anyone he loved.

"For now bring him out. They want something new." A voice said.

"The experiment? Master will not like it." Another much softer replied.

"I do not care. Send him to cage 1." The first yelled. 

He was in an animated jail of sorts that would present his body in different positions. Even though his body was static, his podium would rotate as he watched rows and rows of people studying his every move. Like a guinea pig he was displayed and examined. 

When there weren't many visitors that would look in awe at him he would rest in bed, still reminiscing the moment when he lost his left arm. The pain and the agony he was in, and the mechanical beings that probed, poked and collected all sorts of information from him, no, they did not help him, help would alleviate his pain, but rather enjoyed seeing him in agony and looking how far he would get before passing out from exhaustion. From screaming his anguish into the void.

Drunk on their own ecstasy, the visitors too exhibited similar if not downright carnal desire for his pain, after seeing him suffering for hours on end, the men and women seemed to get sexually aroused, the more he gazed at their mannerisms, the more he saw that they needed to see him or others in pain to proceed in their copulation. Most of the times he was not alone but with other prisoners that exhibited same kind of neglect. 

Lucian had stopped noticing them, as he was wheeled out for another day, as he watched them fornicating, but he had noticed few other cages being dragged in with him. Usually he was left as a last act of sorts, but now as if they were presenting everything at once. Lucian was truly fed up. Noticing another life staring back at him Lucian viewed that it was a strange new creature he never saw before. 

A furred monster. Silently he reprimanded himself as he knew better than to judge others by their appearance. 

On the other hand the view of the creature was too tempting. As if it hid a secret it only knew. Lucian looked in awe. The view started to shift and change; not because of his platform, but because the creature started to move side to side. As if he was watching a master illusionist Lucian started to see traces of another similar creature inside the cage. His eyes never left its cage and before being wheeled to its position he could swear he saw different set of eyes staring back at him.

"Now it is official I am going crazy." Silently he whispered.

He almost forgot where he was, as the very noise of people fucking brought him back to reality. Humpning each other like their life depended on it, hours on end, the party seemed to go on for an eternity. As the proceedings went on, Lucian's mind begun to meld one second after the other in a never ending collage of sexual pictures.

One woman, curvy blond, was on her knees getting impaled by three cocks of various sizes. She climaxed over and over. As men begun to lose their will to fornicate, the blond rose to her feet and looked directly at Lucian with an odd expression. Not arousal, he knew what arousal looked like. Even rage and revulsion he recognized as he had seen them on occasion from different species. She wore this expression on numerous occasions through these parties that involved Lucian and this voracious beauty. 

As these parties went on Lucian had one thread of sanity left. One moment he was looking forward to in this sea of pain and degradation. 

He was searching for something. The face of the blond woman. As the days and weeks proceeded they would lose one another in their gazes like they were mentally conversing to one another. But the reality was cruel.

Every party was truly different.

The blonde angel was missing from newly formed sea of bodies. No, the bodies were never in the picture. She was the only common place that Lucian knew. There were new cages, many more than previously, lined up beside him, but he was still the main attraction of sorts. New monsters, creatures and things that people wanted to experiment on, see where the pain would take them.

With their minds washed away with lust, their bodies collided in ethereal copulation that seemed to go for hours on end, occasionally in their crazed search for sexual release they would prompt his captors to enter his enclosure, a 5 feet cell, and start beating him senseless. The carnal party continued as men receded into the dark room after beating Lucian for who knows what time, Lucian, in his lethargic state did not feel anything, he felt nothing.

Weeks of this abuse left his mind and soul in proverbial limbo. Exhausted and dismayed. His ragged body needed support. Lack of nutrition left him physically unable to move about. So Lucian was usually displayed either on a table or a pod that would rotate around leaving his body open to all kinds of degrading comments. Loss of his blonde lady friend amplified that loss.

Through the fog of pain he had time to plan his happiness when his saviors would arrive.

He was still hoping.

During those first days he did not hope, neither did he dream, but rather he expected that to happen. So certain was in his own release that he avoided eating as some form of silent protest. His current malnutrition did not come just because he abstained from food, but rather people from the other side of the walls, as they who were keeping him captive sometimes conveniently forgot to bring him food. By sixth day he did not reject food but had to beg for some or other means of nutrition. Water was the most critical and scarcely available. 

"Still not going to eat. More money for us." A guard sneered.

During this time he could just wonder why he was in this positon, the position of a captive once again, while before he had the privilege to remain clueless of the abuse his body passed through when he became a slave. 

He spent his nights and days alone. Wondering what it was like to get company. He needed to socialize. 

What a foreign word. 

His mind, he thought, was free. Not knowing what the abuse was doing to him, he hoped his mind was intact. He wondered; could he even be mad or demand some form of justice?

His memory remained blank and any kind of information about the time spent in metaphoric chains was lost. A blank canvas that did not mean anything.

Lucian was dragged out of his cell and thrown into a new cage. "Same old same old huh guys. At least pay me a drink before you decide to FUCK ME." 

Lucian was getting bored of the day to day occurrences. He was tired of being scared, he was tired of anticipating when he was going to die. He was resolved to die one way or the other. But die he will by his own hands. 
