 The ships danced. Beams of light fired from one ship to the other missing it by a fraction of an inch.

Lindsay and Liza breathed a sigh of relief, "That one was too close."

"I don't care." Calm Ericha noted.

She was busy reading the reports from days past. "These reports make no sense. It says he was right in front of our nose the entire time."

Ericha yawned, "For all its worth he's in there."

As she said that the ship on screen was replaced by a facility somewhere on the surface of the planet.

"We've being hailed." Liza reported.

"Who is it?" Ericha asked.

"The pirates." Liza responded.

"Ignore it. Turn 180 degrees. Concentrate fire on their aft, then fire 2 torpedoes." Ericha said. "We don't negotiate with pirates." She added.

"Aye, aye captain." Lindsay smiled.

The ship did exactly as she demanded. The pirates watched in horror as several things happened at the same time. First their shields went out, then they watched two torpedoes sail through space towards them.

The only thing they could do was say "Crap.", as the torpedo destroyed their ship. Explosion was massive as the ship revealed its guts for all to see.

"We won!" Lindsay cheered.

"Of course! Superior tactics always beat blind greed" Liza smiled.

"Let's go and see if the rumors were true. Start the landing procedures, I don't want another Karmak IV. If we get intercepted, the main thing is safety and I want them nullified." Ericha ordered.

The ship gracefully descended through the clouds. Its menacing hull left nothing to the imagination. Gone was the nice and warm atmosphere replaced by jagged edges and several new pylons that served to enhance its hull strength.

"Easy, we don't want to damage the new paint job." Lindsay said.

"We haven't painted it though." Liza laughed.

"I know right. Such a silly expression." Lindsay confirmed.

"Focus." Ericha snapped.

"400 meters." Lindsay calmly said.

"Reverse thrusters 20%" Ericha said.

"Yes Ma'am." Lindsay smiled. "250 meters and closing. Anything on the external sensors?" She asked.

She could hear Liza working her magic with her four delightful arms, "Still nothing. I'm reading several buildings but they all seem empty." She added.

"We've seen this, focus. Weapons hot. Engage when engaged on." Ericha said slowly. "Reverse thrusters to 50% once we break 100 meters." She carefully added.

"On it. The landing will be kind of --", the entire bridge shook, "bumpy. Sorry Ericha." She added at once as she saw the annoyed look on Ericha's face.

"Ladies, prepare for combat." Ericha barked.

Gone was her usual lovely persona. Right now the only thing that was on her mind was finding Lucian. For now she was on a mission and there was nothing that could stop her.

The doors to the ship opened, the jungle before them was vast. Thick vines fell towards the ground, the air was stale, but breathable. Their emotions and expectations were running high.

Ericha slowly walked out of the folded out ramp. The atmosphere seemed to choke her as she took every step. She stopped in her tracks, as she was watching the thick jungle she noticed the jungle was silent. She expected the wildlife on this planet to make itself known, however, it's as if they were all afraid to make any noise. She paused as if sensing the air.

Liza and Lindsay were right behind her. Their faces having the same expression as Ericha. Deep concertation were on all their faces. All of their guns were pointed towards the jungle.

In seconds all hell broke loose. They were fired upon from all sides. Scrambling for their lives they managed to find some form of shelter. In seconds they were behind a short rock that just about helped to protect them. However, their backs were still very much exposed. Liza smiled.

"As expected." Liza fired her four pistols into the unknown.

Every woman pointed a weapon towards the jungle and started returning fire, "Maybe we actually found him this time."

"Don't jinx it. It certainly looks promising." Lindsay said as she fired her rifle into the lush jungle.

Blasts and screeches told them nothing. Ericha took a grenade and hurdled it into the unknown. "I hope so. I am tired of these wild chases."

The women bowed their heads as the explosion behind them was immense, hurling twigs, dirt and rocks towards them.

"Cover me!" Liza started to rush towards their invisible enemies.

"What?!" Lindsay barked as Liza started running towards the enemy.

As she ran she spotted several mechanical lasers lying disabled. She thought they looked strange. Imposing, but rather harmless. She figured that was their purpose, to act innocent. As she ran past the giant crater, she saw the damage the grenade had done to the area around it. Several trees felled down from the force of the explosion, as she neared one, she jumped and summersaulted over the trunk. While she was gracefully waiting to land she noticed several beings quietly waiting in ambush.

Silently landing on her feet she decided to taunt them a little, "Hello boys." She lifted her four weapons and fired.

Their bodies shook and convulsed. She cocked her head and wondered if they were dead or sleeping. She shrugged.

She waved her guns, "All clear."

Lindsay marched towards Liza, her rifle on her shoulder primed and ready. Glaring and the nimble Amoran, "I wish you wouldn't do that. I get terrified every time,"

She turned and saw the people Liza dealt with, she whistled, "Tarnation girl, you're better every day."

"Thanks." The Amoran smiled.

"Focus. I can see the entrance." Ericha said.

"Aye sir." The women mocked.

As they previously thought the entrance wasn't hidden. Quite the opposite in fact was the truth. It was as if the men inside didn't care about people finding them.

"Quite the menacing welcome we have here." Lindsay noted the wide uncovered entrance.

"Hello?!" Ericha called out.

"Anyone home?" Liza matched her.

"Are we being sneaky or what?" Lindsay laughed.

"Doesn't hurt to try." Ericha pointed.

They stood in place for several moments, after nothing happened Ericha gasped, "Ok let's move out."

Ericha led the women past the doors and into the compound. The building seemed pristinely clean from the outside. There were giant double doors that they hoped led further inside.

Pausing for a brief second Ericha pulled on the handle and she was surprised when it opened, "Lin, go in. Liza cover her."

Both women moved like one. They executed the move with such efficiency that the doors opened and closed in moments.

The interior was a single vast corridor. They noticed a door to their left and they decided to breach those as well.

"Same tactic." Ericha whispered.

She opened the door. As the two women entered the room they were surprised to find it was a security room of sorts. Screen after screen showed empty cages. The women counted over 30 cages. Every cage had a screen for itself.

"Holy shit." Ericha whispered.

"What do you think this is?" Liza asked.

"Slave market?" Lindsay offered.

"Doesn't seem like it. Maybe." Ericha answered.

They came close to the screens. "This can't be it. Search the screens."

They stood frantically scanning screen after empty screen. Nothing could be seen and the quality of the view was good enough for them to see minute details of the cells.

"Nothing. Goddammit!" Lindsay yelled.

"Wait! What about this?" Liza pointed to only black screen among the group.

"Where is it?" Ericha asked.

"Level 1." Liza shrugged.

The women were silent for few moments, "Does anyone know where this level 1 is?" Lindsay asked.

"No clue. Should that stop us?" Liza asked.

"Never." Ericha shook her head.

The women finally had something tangible. The energy around them was leaps and bounds different than it has been for months. They smiled, almost not knowing that they were as all three of them ran down the stairs.

"Level 3. We're close." Someone yelled.

"Are you noticing anything weird?" A voice asked.

"Yeah. There is no one here." Ericha answered.

"Good or bad. We're about to find out." Lindsay said as she stopped near the sight 'level 1'. Her mark 1 rifle primed and ready for fire.

Ericha stopped the women and grabbed the handle. "Same pattern. We're not going to take chances now."

The two women nodded in unison. Their weapons ready.

The door quickly opened, revealing the room in front of them. Dimly lit area that seemed to serve as a hub for detaining prisoners. Tables and chairs were overturned. The only thing they noticed was the cage they were searching for so long. It stood in the middle of the room surrounded by chairs and tables as if they were watching an experiment. The women shared a knowing look. Many instruments were thrown about. They looked as if they were used for some dark purposes.

"What is this?|" Lindsay whispered.

She was holding a strange instrument in her hand. The tool looked menacing. It reminded her of a knife but both edges were serated.

"That's a saw." Ericha whispered.

"Used for what?" Lindsay asked.

She looked at Ericha's face, however she looked like she was about to be sick, "Let's find him. This place smells of death." Liza whispered.

They walked quietly. All of the women watched the tools on the ground. Most of them looked alien and each girl could only guess what it was used for. By now they could see the human inside the cage. The arm of the individual was chained to the cell wall behind him, the other hand was simply gone. The left arm was missing at the shoulder. The women gasped.

"Lucian!!!!" Liza screamed running towards the figure.

She used her guns to breach the door. In moments the cage door were blown by barrage of bullets and kicked in as she ran past them. On her way she noticed how dirty the cell truly was.

"Wait!" Lindsay tried to stop her but to no avail.

But before she could run after her she noticed her brother's frame. "Lucian!!!" She ran as fast as she could. "Big bro, it's you." She cried hugging dearly to her brother.

Ericha watched as two women ran towards the dingy cage. Seconds later she was running after them with tears streaming down her face. The more she neared the cage the more she was sure that the occupant of the cage was indeed Lucian.

The hug was primal. Lucian had a confused look on his face, as if he was still unsure of what was in front of him. All three women watched in horror as his blank stare landed on each of them as if they were mere illusions of his mind.

"You aren't real." He whispered. "I got rid of that one, I'll somehow get rid of you."

He tried to swipe at them but the chain locking his arm proved to be in the way.

"The chain." Ericha said.

Liza pointed her four guns and fired all of them at the same time. The noise was deafening, but it had the desired effect of blowing the chain to smithereens. Minute metal fragments landed all over the place. Finally his hand landed in his lap. Too tired to move it properly he tried to swipe at them but to no avail. Lucian's strength was gone. Drained by months of not eating properly. Muscles atrophied. The women cried as he tried to swipe at each of them landing a weak hit. His eyes would open more and more as he touched each of the women.

Finally the women turned towards the cell. They saw the cell wasn't as large as it seemed from the outside. They noticed the foul smell emanating from it.

The floor was littered with food droppings. The vast corner held one toilet and one sleeping area on the ground. The women looked in horror as they watched their loved one caged like some beast.

"Lucian?!" Liza called out.

Lucian didn't respond for few moments, "You're real." He simply whispered.

The tears in her eyes prevented her from seeing what was in front of her. She had trouble walking. Her nerves finally giving up, she bawled like a child. What little she did see was not enough to show her what her loved one looked like.

"Yes my love, we're real." Liza cried.

Lindsay had a giant ball in her throat. She couldn't believe that months of searching were finally done and behind them. They could finally relax.

"What happened here? Where is everyone?" Lindsay asked.

"Not sure. Few days ago everyone just left." Lucian shrugged.

Ericha simply dropped to the floor. Lucian cradled her body as her strength, lost days of sleep eventually caught up with her. She silently wept.

"My -. What happened to you my love?" Liza clung to his face and shook as she realized her wounded lover's condition.

"Not sure what. A lot." Lucian shook his head, "Are you sure you are real?"

"Yes, yes it's me. What have they done to you?" Liza cried again.

"Ericha? Lin? Where are they?" Lucian asked as if Ericha wasn't cradled in his lap.

"Right here my angel." Ericha gently touched his face. Confused by her lovers inability to remain focused.

"W -- What have they done to you? How?" Lindsay whispered again.

"Back in the cave system. We encountered something. My arm got smashed. Then someone ripped it from my body. I'm sorry." He quickly desperately looking in all directions.

"Quickly everyone is here. You need to run." Lucian tried desperately to push them away. "They will try to get you. Run. Run!" He desperately tried to push them away.

"Baby, baby, you told us no one was here." Ericha shared a look with Lindsay and Liza.

"Did I?" Lucian was confused.

"You did. Let's get you up." Ericha stood up and slowly helped Lucian on his feet.

"He is so weak. We need to get him to a hospital." Liza cried.

"I am sorry my love." Lucian begun as he took Liza's chin with his healthy arm. "My tattoo is gone. I never meant for that to happen."

Liza's eyes pooled with tears, "It'll be fine my love. We need to get you help."

They remained holding each other. Lucian was deliriously happy seeing his loved ones. He took turns kissing one then another lady. Last was Lindsay, who, when their gazes met started to bawl her eyes out. He caressed her cheek with his right hand making sure Ericha still remained hugging him,

"Oh, my loves I can't begin to say how much I missed you." The love he felt for the ladies felt like it was going to burst out of his chest.

They walked along the hallways. "It's the first time I see the interior. Usually I was ushered through the hallways onto the next experiment."

Ericha swallowed, "What did they do to you?"

Lucian looked like he was thinking, "Just plain combat drills. For some reason they wanted to see how my kind, whatever I am, did in battle. They thought I was probably going to do magic or something. They kept raving about how the experiments were going as planned but I was not what they expected."

Liza shook as she asked, "Did they torture you here?" dreading the answer.

"Oh not here, it was in another place, thought I don't know where, I was transported here by some woman. I don't remember much about her, I woke up here after a while and was ushered outside to fight some machine. Not sure what they wanted." Lucian explained.

They neared the surface, Lindsay was next with her question "Can you tell us what she looked like?"

Lucian wanted to remember so he tried again, his face showing signs of severe concentration. The women around him anxiously watched what he was doing. Lucian tried, but to no avail. The woman's face was not appearing no matter how hard he tried. He started sweating and trembling to the dismay of his lovers and his sister.

"Lucian!" Ericha yelled after him.

Lucian finally focused enough to see his lover's face. He smiled, his pained attempts seemed to lay forgotten in the recess of his mind, "Yes my love?" He addressed Ericha as if nothing happened.

The women shared a concerned look between each other. Lucian was unaware of his futile attempts.

Finally they neared the exit of the compound. "Ah we are going out." Lucian commented.

He looked frailer by the second. As if the very thought of escaping from this prison was weighing him down.

The jungle finally regained its usual rustle and bustle. Animals were hollering, various tree dwellers attempted to greet them in their own animalistic ways. The birds were annoying singing and that was what gave them peace of mind.

The women helped Lucian on their way towards their ship, finally after so long he gazed upon the new metal that crowned this new beast.

"Wow, the ship looks different." He pointed.

"Yes. We bought some upgrades." Ericha explained. "All for you my love." She eventually added.

Eventually they strapped their lover into a safety seat and started the procedures to lift off. Few minutes were spent talking animatedly to which Lucian just closed his eyes as if he wanted to absorb every minute word of their conversation.

As they regained their place in orbit they could finally relax and talk.

"Will you tell us what happened?" Ericha gently asked.

"I was sold to slavery. I don't know why. Everything was a mess. From day one. A big fucking mess." He started his sordid tale.

He started describing his horrendous adventure. The women were sitting around him. Every one of them held Lucian's right hand, for their and his comfort. He took a lot of strength from their kindness and love. Occasionally he would panic when he tried to remember the woman's face. A particular woman's face made him shiver, and lose focus of anything. They fearfully watched as he tried to grasp to reality. His brain making odd connections that weren't there. Then he tried to describe the voice. He tried to make them understand, yet they couldn't comprehend what he was talking about. By the end he was breathing heavy, sweaty and wanted to run away.

"My love, how did you survive any of that?" By the end of it she was cradling him in his lap.

"I'm not sure. I kept thinking about you. All of you." His eyes went from one lover to the next.

Each woman knew she held a special place in his heart. They felt his love.

Lucian yawned, Ericha smiled and Lindsay said, "The ship is still preparing, I will tell others we are about to sleep."

"Where are Momoa and Tiga?" Lucian finally remembered.

"All are well, we gave them some cash and they went on their way. We mined several asteroids and sold minerals for a fortune." Ericha explained. "They went back to their life. Momoa finally found his wife's killers. It wasn't pretty."

Lucian's strength finally left him. He dropped to the bed and slept. The women undressed and were in seconds around his body, Ericha and Lindsay to his left while Liza never let go of his right. He smiled. They watched as their man slept. The dreams he was having made him smile. The exhaustion soon took them into deep slumber, a soft smile on each women's face.

***

He felt like he was sleeping for weeks. He finally felt good, his body rested, his soul rejuvenated. He was still sleepy for some reason. Yet he was happy. Lucian finally felt something he missed for so long. A set of lips on his growing erection. He moaned at the incredible sensation.

He could never forget those lush lips. His lovely Amoran was doing her best to reacquaint with his growing erection. He felt her tongue go up and down along his shaft. Painstakingly moving along his helmet, moaning as she tried to suck every ounce of his precum. His legs were shaking his arm was stroking her bald head, her antennae gently kissing his hand.

She felt the lack of his strength. She almost cried again. She needed him. So badly.

As Liza slept countless nightmares plagued her dreams. Eventually she had enough and wanted to be as close to him as she could. She missed his beautiful penis. Liza wondered if it was the long absence or maybe his cock got prettier.

Again she sucked on the tip of his helmet, just to pull back and lick all the way down to his balls. Taking one then the other in her mouth and rolling her tongue gently around them. Finally she took the entire thing in her mouth down.
