 Beneth D'Ysdelith awoke slowly to the sensation of his cock being warmly sucked. Attentive flutters of her tongue massaged his sensitive head. As he grew to full size, she worked the top third, unable to fit more without choking. He opened his eyes to see his ylissandra naked and dutifully working her mouth up and down his cockhead. Her small fingers gently pulled his heavy balls while she doubled her warm, wet sucking. 

It only took a few minutes before he arched his back and Alani drank down his complete load of sweet cum. She rose once he was completely finished and then licked his cockhead clean. "My thanks, Alani," Beneth said warmly, "I'd forgotten I'd requested a wake-up." 

His cock was still rock hard, dark purple against his lavender skin. As all dark elves, he was hairless except on his head but he was exceptionally endowed and in peak physical condition. He pulled Alani closer and said, "Now, how about your turn?" 

"I'm sorry, sire, but your father has requested your presence first thing this morning. It sounded urgent." Alani seemed genuinely disappointed as Beneth rose from the bed. "Perhaps later this morning?" she asked. 

"Perhaps," he responded. He dressed quickly in a tight fitting bodysuit and a light robe. He attached a pair of wooden fighting sticks to his belt and quickly headed out. 

-- 

His father, Carthel D'Ysdelith, was waiting in the family strategy chamber. All of the family's holdings and business was done in this room. He looked agitated and impatiently tapped his fingers on the slate table. Beneth sat across from his father and gave him an inquiring glance. 

"It took you long enough," Carthel said with aggravation, "If you are to ever take over the business, you will need to rise early and bed late." 

"I apologize father. What did you need from me?" 

"To the point then, good. Our latest mining venture has failed spectacularly. As you are aware, we invested almost everything to open a new mining channel in search of mithril. Our mining teams have worked for months and found nothing. We are nearly out of our gold reserves. If we don't secure additional investment, we could lose our business and home." 

Beneth sat back in shock. "Is it really that bad? Why didn't you tell me?" 

"There was nothing you could do. I was sure that we would eventually find mithril or gems or gold. The divination was nearly one hundred percent sure of success. In any case, there is nothing to do about it now. I am tasking you with getting some of the other leading houses of commerce to give us loans until we can turn our fortunes around. 

"You will go to houses Baranth, D'Epsinge, Margulle and Xeiris and do whatever you must to get their funding." 

Beneth understood all to well what his father meant. Those four houses were all lead by women and all favors were initiated as sexual. His sister Belleth would have been sent to the houses led by men. If he completely satisfied his hostess' demands, they would provide a favor to his house. His own father had saved their house almost two hundred years ago by indenturing himself to the house Urganth for three months. 

"Start tomorrow, Beneth, and don't fail me," his father said sternly. 

-- 

Beneth ate a light meal and then went back to his chambers. He began packing his backpack with clothing and undergarments. He called in his barber and had his long, black hair trimmed in the latest fashion. When he was finished, he called for a hot bath and Alani. 

A short while later, Alani came naked again to his chambers. She had been his ylissandra for nearly a year; her time with him was nearly finished and she would return home well trained and compensated. Most young men and women served as ylissandra or ylissanders if they did not come from a house of commerce. Beneth knew that he might have to serve as a ylissander if his family was bankrupt. 

As all dark elves, she was completely hairless except for the flowing black hair on her head. Her lavender cheeks were slightly flushed purple in anticipation of his attention. She had thoroughly enjoyed her year as his ylissandra. She hoped that she might be paired with as good a lover when she went back home. 

Beneth signaled her to come over and lay across his lap. Her pussy lips were dark purple in arousal. He rubbed his strong hands across her lavender ass and then delivered a few hard slaps to each cheek. Her ass flushed purple and he worked one and then other until they were both hot and purple. He began to rub again causing her to buck her hips in delightful agony. He ran his finger down the crack of her ass and between her pussy lips. She was soaking wet already. He inserted two fingers and gently fucked her until she was moaning. 

He pulled his hand back and spanked her hard a few times on each ass cheek causing her to cry out. He ran his fingers along her clit and teased her with alternating soft and hard strokes. She was moaning hard now and wanted nothing more than to beg him to finish her. 

Beneth said with a firm voice, "Spread your ass for me." Alani quickly reached her hands around and spread her ass for him, exposing her tight lavender anus and wet pussy lips. He lightly spanked the inside of her crotch, her hips bucking with each tap. He again wet his fingers in her pussy and then pushed them into her asshole. 

She gave a satisfied moan and lifted her hips to help guide his fingers. Dark elves were blessed with many gifts that humans could only dream of, including orgasmic nipples and anuses. He twisted his two fingers back and forth, again causing a stream of moans and panting. He withdrew his fingers and watched her squirm in need. 

Beneth pulled Alani up and the laid her on the bed. He went straight for her full, soft breasts. Within seconds, her nipples were hard and dark purple as he pinched and pulled them from her tits. She arched her back and let out a long moan. He twisted them back and forth between his fingers, enjoying the show from above her. Again he released her as she became close to cumming and watching in enjoyment as her hips thrust against invisible pleasures. 

His own cock was hard and ready, and he spread her legs and aimed for her wet pussy. Beneth's cock was easily the largest she had seen. Most dark elves had modest but well-formed cocks, between five and six inches. Beneth's dick was eight inches long and nearly as thick as her wrist. His dark purple cockhead was pulled back from his foreskin and entered her in one push. She let out a cry and rose to greet him. 

It took only moments before she was cumming from his cock hammering her pussy. He kept his hips tight to hers and rocked his cock back and forth hard. She reached her hands onto his muscular chest and pinched his nipples, sending shockwaves of pleasures to his dick. He worked up a faster rhythm, his large balls slapping her ass. After many minutes she came again and felt him tense as he came a stream of cum into her womb. He pulled out and handed her a small towel. As soon as she had cleaned up, she turned onto her hands and knees and pulled her legs apart. "Please, Ben, another one." 

He grinned from ear to ear and lined his cock up to her pussy again. This time he worked half of his cock into her cunt and then shallowly thrust his cockhead into her wet slit. He moved slowly enjoying the sensation of his foreskin and cock head being massaged by her tight pussy. She collapsed on her forearms and thrust her hips up. 

Beneth grabbed her hips and began to work his whole cock into her. She shuddered with pleasure as his hips and tight stomach slapped her still hot and purple ass checks. He stroked the full length of his cock in and out of her tight pussy, his pendulous balls swinging back and forth in faster and faster time. 

He felt her cum as her pussy tightened and began to quiver in pleasure. He allowed his own pleasure to take over. His balls rose up high and tight as he felt streams of cum spray the inside of her cunt again. For moments he thrust his hips in time to his orgasm. 

A few minutes later as they rested on his bed, he told her, "Alani, today is most likely the last day I will see you. I am to go to the other houses and ask for favors. You have been an exceptionally good ylissandra and I'm sending you home with an extra hundred gold pieces." 

She kissed him on the lips and said, "Thank you. My time with you has been wonderful. I will never forget you." His dick was still at half mast and she ran her fingers over the sensitive tip of his foreskin. "If today is our last day, I say that we have one more memorable experience." 

She got up and went to his iron chest. She brought back a small velvet bag. She removed a vial of oil and a small, curved dildo. She poured a generous coating of oil on the dildo and then gave Beneth a smile. He rolled onto his stomach and parted his legs. She gently rolled the slick tip of the dildo around his lavender butthole. It slid in smoothly and stopped at the flared base. It was designed to massage his prostate and asshole as they had sex. His cock was completely hard again by the time she had worked it into his ass. 

Alani then climbed on the bed on her hands and knees. She poured some more oil onto her hands and then reached back to rub it into her anus. She worked two fingers into her ass, moaning in pleasure and enjoying the sensation of the slick oil on her tender asshole. She reluctantly stopped and turned her head around to give Beneth a big smile. 

He gladly moved forward and placed his sensitive purple cockhead against her anus. He pushed gently but firmly. It was slow going as his dick was easily twice the width of her two fingers. His cockhead popped through her incredibly tight anus and she let out a whine of pleasure. He continued to push until about half his dick was in her ass. He pulled back out to the head and then worked it back again. 

Alani was panting in pleasure and came hard as he bottomed out in her ass. It felt like he had put his forearm in her ass and it was sending huge waves of pleasure throughout her body. Her ass was hot and tight. He slowly worked his cock back and forth until she was completely relaxed. The small dildo in his own ass pushed against his prostate as he clenched his ass to thrust. 

He knew he wouldn't last much longer, so he picked up the pace and started slamming his huge dick into her ass. He used his right hand to slap her already inflamed ass cheeks as he pounded her. She was crying out in pleasure and bucking her hips to meet him. 

With a loud cry, he pushed in deep and his cock erupted in her ass. The dildo in his own butt pushed extra cum and pleasure through his dick. He just held there deep in her butt as his cock spasmed a huge load of cum. 

They both collapsed on the bed and waited many minutes until they could untangle. They shared a tender kiss and farewells after they had cleaned up. "Goodbye, Alani. Balensi calie (I wish you a long and happy life)," he called out to her. He fell asleep almost immediately. 

-- 

Bright and early the next morning, he grabbed his backpack and headed out for the house Baranth. He could only imagine what adventures were in store for him.