 Chapter Two: House Baranth 

The dark streets of Pallantirith wound through caverns larger than most cities above ground. For the uninitiated, the city was a maze of dead ends and deep pits. Beneth walked smoothly through the winding alleys with the confidence of a life-long resident. 

House Baranth was near the edge of the city limits. They were known for their farming skills and they had miles of ledges of fungi and light-sensitive plants growing around their house. They were one of the minor houses in terms of wealth and influence, but they served a critical need for the self-dependent city. 

Beneth quickly checked the notes his father had given him, the favor that would be asked of House Baranth. He knocked confidently on the door and a young, beautiful man answered. The servant led Beneth down a long hallway, on each side were expertly painted murals of explicit sexual scenes. The dark elves had left human morals and modesty on the surface. As they neared the end of the hall, he saw that there was work in progress and many lengths of wall left to complete. 

The servant led him into a large open room, lit dimly by glowing lamps. Seated in a simple stone chair was the head of the house, Xeide Baranth. Beneth had met her a few times at various social and business functions. She was a small woman, ageless as all dark elves, and wore her hair in a ponytail. 

"What pleasure do I have for this visit?" She asked. Of course, Beneth suspected that she knew very well why he was there. There were very few secrets kept in the dark city. 

"My lady, I have a favor to ask on behalf of House D'Ysdelith," he spoke with his deep voice. "We have run into financial difficulties in our latest mining venture. We humbly ask House Baranth to extend our credit for supplies an additional six months with modest interest." 

He bowed his head humbly and waited for her response. There was never any guarantee that the other houses would help - having very handsome sons and daughters helped. 

Xeide stood up and gracefully walked around him like a dancer. Though she was nearly twice his age and half his height, she had a commanding presence. "Our families have been allies for many years. It wasn't so many decades ago that I sent my own daughter to your father. Yes, I think that we can make an arrangement." 

She motioned to the servant, "Please join me this afternoon in my workshop and we can discuss the details. In the meantime, Thanis will show you to your room." 

-- 

After a light meal and a warm bath, Beneth arrived in Xeide's workshop in the early afternoon. A naked woman, very slight of build and with small breasts, was lounging on a sofa. Xeide came over and took Beneth's hand. "So here is my proposal. You will stay with me for a few days as a model for the mural I am painting in the entry hall. Once I finish the panel, you will have completed your service to me and I shall reward your favor. Do you agree?" 

The arrangement of favors was a long history in the underdark, sometimes they were manual labor but mostly they were sexual. The only rule was that you could not cause any permanent harm to the young man or woman, and you could not keep them for more than one month. The lesser houses would do favors for the greater houses with much less demand. A few days was a very equitable arrangement. 

"My lady Xeide, I thank you for your generosity and accept your terms." 

"Excellent!" She exclaimed. "Let's get started at once. Please remove your clothing." 

Beneth quickly stripped down without any shame. Xeide looked admiringly at his soft cock, "My, my... you are special. I will enjoy painting you." 

She took a long silver wire from a velvet lined box on her work table. "Beneth, I will need you to be erect for many hours while I paint you and my dear model, Paline. We couldn't have any accidents, so this little device will keep you in the moment." 

Xeide's small hands reached down and started wrapping the thin wire around the base of his balls, pushed back his foreskin and wrapped the head and then wrapped the base of his hairless dick too. Within seconds, he felt a warm tightening embrace by the wire and he was fully hard. The wire slid through the slit of his dick and he could feel it tickling all the way down his shaft. It was perfectly comfortable but he could tell that it had completely blocked his ability to cum. 

Beneth let out a sigh and she motioned him over to Paline. "So this panel will have three scenes, first you will take Paline from her hands and knees. If you would please take your places on the blanket." 

Paline looked Beneth with clear longing and quickly got to her hands and knees. She looked more than ready as her velvety dark purple pussy was already wet. He wasted no time, placing his cock head against her small slit. He slid in smoothly, though she let out a long moan as he filled her. "Oh my, you are so big. That is wonderful" 

"Very good," Xeide called out from behind her panel. "Now, please keep a good pace. I want to see her shake." 

Beneth did as commanded and began to pound in and out of Paline's pussy with long, strong strokes. Paline was clearly enjoying it, and she pushed her ass back to feel his dick's full size. After a few minutes, she let out a long and happy cry as she came hard on his dick. Beneth felt a strange and uncomfortable straining in his balls as his own orgasm was held back. 

He was now sweating freely down his muscular torso as he continued to fuck her hard. Paline was in complete heat and now just braced herself to take his athletic thrusts. "Oh yes, so big," she moaned. He began to fuck her harder in a futile effort to cum - the sensation in his balls and cock growing hotter and more urgent every minute. 

Paline came again and again on his dick and she collapsed on her elbows while panting loudly. 

Xeide called out from behind the mural, "Okay, that's enough for now. Please wait a few minutes until I can finish some shading." Paline withdrew from his huge veiny dick, now engorged larger than he had ever seen it before. Beneth sat back and slowed his breathing. The full feeling in his dick didn't go away even after ten minutes as the silver cording would not release at all. 

About thirty minutes later, another naked woman came around the corner and sat down on the couch. She was curvy and had large, round tits. 

Xeide welcomed the new model, "Oh good, Melina is here. Paline, you can go." She came from behind her panel and came over to couch. "Beneth, you sit on the couch here. Melina, I want you to sit on his dick, facing me, and then we can begin." 

Beneth sat on the couch, his big cock pointed up like a marble pillar, now darker purple than ever. Melina licked her lips and then happily pointed his dick into her warm pussy. She had a soft, curvy ass and quickly enveloped his cock. Beneth let out a frustrated moan as the sensations on his dick and balls quickly escalated again. 

Melina didn't waste any time, pushing herself up and down on his dick. She noisily moaned and grunted as his ample cock filled her hot, wet pussy. "Gods, I love your big dick," she cried out. Her ass cheeks slapped down on his thighs and she maintained a fast and furious tempo. After a many minutes, she went silent and then thrust herself down hard on his dick and simultaneously came hard. She let out a cry and then began to thrust against his cock to prolong the pleasure. 

The pressure in his cock and balls was nearly unbearable. As Melina began to work up to her rhythm again, he felt more frustrated than he'd ever been in his life. She seemed to have endless energy as she worked herself like a piston on his dick. She came again, leaning forward to push his dick even further into her cunt. His balls were soaked with her juices and they throbbed in hot need. 

Xeide poked her head out from behind the panel. "How about we try anal? I want to see what the angle would look like." 

Melina nodded her head excitedly and sat up off of his dick. She picked up a bottle of oil by the side of the couch, took off the stopper and poured it generously all over his dark purple cock. She giggled as she admired how big and hard his dick was. "You have an amazing cock. I can't wait to try this in my ass," she said seductively. She positioned his cock head against her butthole. 

She took her time, allowing her tight lavender butthole to adjust to his size. His fat cock head slid in and was immediately embraced by her ass. Beneth let out an involuntary moan as the pressure in his cock and balls flared. Melina slowly pushed the rest of way onto his dick. She sat down all the way and then wiggled her ass against his thick dick. "Oh, so full... so big," she groanded. She grabbed her own nipples and pulled them away from her large tits. 

Melina began to work her way up and down his dick slowly. "Oh, oh, oh," she cried out as his dick filled her more than ever. She continued to twist and pull her nipples as she felt a huge orgasm build in her ass. She began to thrust harder and faster and then slammed her ass down hard on his dick. She cried out as waves of pleasure filled her ass and tits. Beneth couldn't help crying out too as the pressure felt like a waterfall trying to burst from his dick. 

After a few moments, Xeide peered out. "Thanks dears, that is enough for now." She gave them a big smile and then went back to work. 

Melina gingerly pushed herself off of his dick. "That was amazing," she whispered to him. And then she gave him an evil grin as she pinched his cock head hard. "Good luck." 

Beneth stayed put trying to calm his breath. His dick wouldn't soften in the slightest, the pressure never even slightly easing. Both of his balls felt like they had doubled in size and his cock felt full of hot lava. He sat in silent frustration for nearly three hours before Xeide came back again from behind the easel. 

She came over and sat down next him. "You were wonderful... the best male model I've ever had. But I think that you wore out my girls." 

"Those were your ylissandras?" He asked. 

"Yes, I'm very proud of them. The mural has been in progress for hundreds of years and we choose our models very carefully. Come with me, I'll show you more." 

They walked back into the entry way and she spent nearly an hour showing him various scenes and the circumstances behind them. They were so expertly painted that they almost appeared to move. The pressure in his cock never went down but it helped to be at least distracted by her voice and the pictures. 

Eventually she led him back into the workshop, "I don't think that we'll be able to work tomorrow. My poor girls were completely exhausted. So tomorrow will be a day of rest. 

"I would love to let you just go to your room and rest, but I'm afraid that I found the whole thing quite arousing myself. I'd like to take a few turns myself," she said with a seductive smile. She got up and quickly disrobed. Her slender, petite frame was soft and looked unaccustomed to athletic endeavors. 

"First, let's see what your tongue can do." She sat back down and spread her legs. Her clean hairless pussy shone with wetness. Beneth didn't waste any time, despite the pounding need in his own loins. He had been trained, as all young men are, in the ways of satisfying a woman. His tongue slowly licked up and down her pussy lips. Using flat broad strokes his tongue covered every inch of her pussy. Once she was warmed up, his tongue sharpened and focused on her clit. He paused from her clit and licked her asshole. His tongue darted in and out of her tight lavender butthole. Finally, he resumed his attention to her hard clit. He licked with urgency, as though he could cause himself release if she came. 

It didn't take long before she was shaking and pushing her thighs against his head. He kept up a light flickering on her clit until she pushed him away. "That was wonderful," she moaned. "Now, I just have to try that amazing cock of yours." 

She spread her legs again and motioned for him to enter her. He pushed in easily, his muscular thighs bracing against the edge of the couch. She let out a satisfied cry as he push against the back of her cunt. His agony intensified as the pleasurable sensations washed over his dick again. He wasted no time and began to fuck her as hard as he could. He fucked her in the hope that he could break the dam of his own orgasm. 

Xeide came hard again and then quickly flipped herself so that she was laying flat on her stomach. Beneth wasted no time, pushing his dick back into her pussy and renewing his pace. Sweat rolled down his back and ass as he pushed himself to his physical limits. This time she used her ass to push and pull his dick to its full length. For almost thirty minutes they rode each other until she came again in a great cry. Her pussy spasming around his swollen cock and sending shockwaves of sensation all the way to his balls. 

Beneth fell back to the ground, his face flushed and his dick, a deep, dark purple. His cock swelled like an overripe fruit. 

Xeide caught her breath and then turned around. "You are definitely earning your favor, sweet boy." She looked down at him. "Well, since we are taking a break tomorrow, I don't suppose that it hurts anything to let you have a release too. I will warn you that tomorrow, you cannot cum at all. I need you fully hard and ready the next day." 

Beneth nodded gratefully and said, "Anything you wish, my lady." 

She gave a wicked laugh and then had him stand up. She used her small fingers to unwrap the magical thread. Beneth felt the silver strand leave his cock shaft and then completely fall free of his dick into her hands. 

"Sit down," she commanded. His dick was still rock hard and dark purple, throbbing in anticipation. She poured a bit of oil on his dick and then used her small hands to very lightly massage his cock head. Her fingers used just the lightest touch around the underside of his dick, teasing him mercilessly. Again the almost unbearable pressure began to build, but this time it crested as an enormous stream of cum shot out of his dick and splashed all over his hairless chest. Spasm after spasm of thick cum erupted from his cock. Eventually after his entire chest had been covered in his light lavender cum, his dick stopped pulsing. 

"My, my... that was a lot of cum," she laughed again. "Now back to your chambers and I'll see you in two days." 

-- 

The next day, Beneth exercised in their well equipped gym to burn off some of his tension. Otherwise he just kept himself distracted with a boring book on the history of the dark elves. They had come to the deep caverns below the earth to escape the persecution from humans. Now they had magically hidden themselves for thousands of years, safe and thriving in their dark caves. 

In those thousands of years, they had changed. Their skin had turned lavendar, their eyes were nearly black, they were completely hairless except for the top of their heads, and they had developed powerful magics. They had also developed a completely open society in which the puritanical beliefs of humans had been abandoned. 

After a rich evening meal, Beneth bathed and oiled himself in preparation for the next day. If he performed well, his family would be rewarded their favor and he could move on to the next house. He went to bed early and slept deeply until the morning. 

-- 

As instructed, he met Xeide in her workroom the next morning. He hadn't bothered dressing, coming to her completely naked. Beneth was slightly taller than average, with a lithe and muscular body. He kept his white hair cut to about shoulder length and tied back in knot. He was beautiful, well-formed and athletic like all of the dark elves. The feature that stood out the most about Beneth was his large dick and balls. 

Xeide had a wicked grin on her face as she strode in. "Excellent, good morning. I'm looking forward to this session." 

Beneth gave her a slight bow of his head and waited for instruction. She came over with the silver cord again and wrapped it around his cock, balls and dickhead. Again the silver thread magically thread itself down his urethra and blocked him from cumming. Within moments the blood had rushed through his dick and he was hard. 

Both Melina and Paline came in moments later, both of them naked and clearly ready for some action. Xeide spent a few minutes arranging them on a large cave panther rug on the floor. Beneth lay on his back and Paline was instructed to sit on his face. She lowered her quivering purple cunt near his mouth. He knew his job well and began to work his tongue and lips around her pussy lips. 

In the meantime, Melina was instructed to sit on his dick . She impaled herself without effort onto his huge, straining cock. She didn't wait long before she started moving her hips up and down. She faced away from him and angled his cock so that it ran up the entire length of her pussy. She braced herself on his legs and began to really work her legs up and down. 

Beneth focused on Paline's eager pussy. After giving her pussy lips a thorough licking, he turned his attention to her hard little clit. Using both the broad stroke of his tongue and the tip, he tormented her clit until her thighs were shaking. She let out long satisfied cry and then ground her pussy onto his face. 

Melina had also worked herself to a huge orgasm and thrust her hips down hard to get the full length of his dick in her womb. She moaned with pleasure and continued to ride him to a shuddering orgasm. 

The girls were then instructed to turn and face each other. Beneth now had unobstructed access to Paline's asshole and he used his tongue to assault her tight lavender hole. His cock was already uncomfortably swollen from the magical silver cord and his balls ached in need. From behind the panel, Xeide called out more instructions, "Ladies, I want you to play with each other's breasts." 

Melina wasted no time, using the new angle she began to pump herself up and down on his big dick. She also grabbed both of Paline's nipples with her fingers and pulled them hard from her body. Paline's small tits arched in pleasure as her nipples turned purple and hard with pleasure. Paline returned the favor, though she favored a more gentle approach to Melina's full tits, rolling her nipples between her thumb and index finger. 

Beneth worked his tongue deep into Paline's asshole and she let out a satisfied moan as both her tits and ass were worked over. Melina was also getting close again as she ground her clit against the base of his hairless dick. Peline leaned forward and took one of Melina's hard nipples into her mouth. She worked the hard nub with her lips and teeth and then switched to the other breast. Melina let out a tremendous cry as she came again. She slowly worked her pussy all the way down onto his painfully hard dick and then put her mouth on Peline's tits. Working her fingers and mouth on Peline's enflamed nipples and Beneth's probing tongue in her ass, Peline came in an uncontrolled shudder of pleasure. She came for minutes as her ass and tits sent waves of sensation through her whole body. 

Xeide called a stop to the action and told the girls to clean up and come back in a few minutes. 

Before Beneth could catch his breath or let his dick ease up, Xeide had taken Melina's place and was riding his cock fast and hard. It didn't take her long to cum in a shuddering orgasm, but it sent Beneth's dick into another level of frustration. 

She gave him a satisfied smirk and then got up. She returned to the panel and continued working until the girls returned. This time she arranged them around the couch again. She had Melina sit on the edge of couch and instructed Peline to lick her pussy. Then she ordered Beneth to enter Paline from behind. While he watched Peline work her tongue into Melina's pussy, he aimed his own dick for her eager and wet pussy. He slipped in easily in spite of the swollen and painful aching in his dick. 
