 She approached the guard, heart fluttering, trying to act normal. 

"I am to collect samples for Planetary Ecology Research Mission." She flashed her card at the guard, her skin tingling with apprehensions now that she is actually going through with it.

"You're new." - A flash of hidden amusement in his voice. She tried to ignore it, but still her voice squeaked a bit when she spoke, fearing that he can see through her. "Just started my tour". He punched in the code and they exited, pressurized air gushing out between their feet as they went out into the Planets' humid but breathable atmosphere. Having turned a bend into flat, floppy grove of bushes she spoke up, trying to be casual "You can wait here, I'll just wander around a bit". He didn't sound surprised "All away parties need to be escorted throughout their sojourn outside the base. No exceptions" he said, making a show of taking a pack of smokes out of his pocket on the side of his thigh. Her face burned so hot she thought it was glowing but she pushed her hand in the pocket of her dress, took out the bundle and pushed it into his thigh pocket, feeling too embarrassed to look him in the eye as he chuckled silently, took out the wad of cash and flicked through it. "I guess there are always 'some' exceptions... 50 minutes". And that was that. She looked up, not believing she actually went through with it and hurried deeper into the wet, misty, jungle of bushes.

* * *

He observed them, ever since they exited the base, hidden between the broad leaves, moisture clinging to his form. He slithered parallel to them, keeping the safe distance from being heard by the burly guard, careful not to provoke the vicious taser discharge. That shit could easily kill him and he definitely didn't want that. So he followed and observed, hoping for a chance. The aliens were talking now and he kept glancing at her. Physically, those humans looked all the same to him, with minute differences, details easily glossed over. But they all also secreted scents and they affected his brain powerfully enough to make him drunk. And hers' were intense. Mellow, clear, subtly powerful. She must have been excited by something. Could it be happening, was he deluding himself? Then he saw her part with the guard and proceed alone, off into the thick growth, dew clinging to her loose outer layer humans put over their bodies for some reason. He felt such a rush that his dark green skin got washed over by a wave of inky black. He slithered on his limbs after her, getting slightly closer, careful not to startle her. She stopped in a sunlit clearing, picking some dead, already pollinated flowers. His eyes were on her as she slowly and silently eased his way through the leaves near the path were she entered. He froze when she looked up and looked at him, and relaxed when she looked the other way. She stopped, packed the flowers, along with their stems and some roots she had dug and stepped a little towards the center of the clearing, her scent growing in strength, intoxicating him. She was standing, turning, opening her mouth but the sounds to him were just rapid clicks and long notes. His whole being shimmering, tingling with anticipation and anxiousness he rolled out of the bushes and into the clearing next to her.

* * * 

"First take the samples, you'll forget about them later." She remembered the advice her flat mate made. She has done this before, of course, one in the long line of experimentations that girl subjected herself to. "You only live once, you never know if you like something unless you try it", she always kept saying. "Don't wear panties, they confuse them" she also said, the pierced, tattooed fountain of wisdom that she is. 

She listened to her though, on all accounts. Comfortable boots, the bushes are mossy and wet, not too long a dress, no panties... NO stockings! No sleeves if possible, too. They like the skin. 

Just walking around with no panties made her see the world in a different light. All in her mind she assured herself, but still, everything and everyone seemed different. That guard too, almost as if he knew she wasn't wearing them, like he knew what she was set out to do. He had no way of knowing, but still, all of it made her more aroused and more wet, on top of this dangerous, naughty, slutty thing that she was about to do. Sex with aliens was nothing new, but usually they were more humanoid bipeds. This planet didn't have it's share of humanoid bipeds but an odd looking, shy, secretive, squid like tentacled little critters. They were inoffensive and friendly and seemed to be attracted to humans of both sexes - they themselves having none, or technically, being both - until word got round that their tentacles tended to stray and explore and probe more than it was seen appropriate. Or so the rumors went. 

So she went on, deeper into the bushes, sweating with the humid heat. She finally found a clearing, a slightly less murky and less misty place, and some beautiful, iridescent flowers, a burst of color in a dark green ocean. She picked a few along with some roots that were described to her and startled as she heard something move. Her eyes darted left and right and she somehow knew she was being watched. So she left the bag on the floor and took a few steps towards the center of the clearing. "Is... is anyone there" even if there were, they wouldn't be able to answer in any way she could understand. "I... I'm here!" and as she turned, she saw him slither out. Dark green, body and head meshed into one beach-ball sized mass, 4 and change feet tall, jutting up from a thicket of eight tentacles. They just stood, staring at each other, both afraid to move until he tentatively raised one limb extending it towards her, the tip turning inky black, until she stepped back instinctively causing him to retreat all of him turning a shade of lighter green, enough that she thought he went pale. He then slowly moved in a semi-circle around her, clearing the way back and waited, his skin slowly changing color in slow waves. As if letting her a way to go back. She almost changed her mind, and did go back, but somehow, his demeanor calmed her and she relaxed and stayed.

* * * 

Careful now!

He stopped himself when she backed off. His head was already swimming from her scent, but he knew that he needed to be careful and try his best not to scare her because if he did, her chemistry would go all out of whack and the sweet smell will curdle into something that could cause him to be violently sick. So he slowly moved, keeping distance until he freed the path through which she came here. He watched her hesitate and waited and when time went on he slowly extended the tentacle again, trying to poke at the foot of the lower limb he felt the rush of excitement when she didn't back off. So he slowly approached along the mossy floor, tendril coiling up her calf, rows of his tongues on the underside of the tentacle sliding up her leg, kissing her, drawn by the warmth of the skin. She was breathing heavily, he knew, burning oxygen like all these humans did, perhaps a little heavier than usual. He thought it was a good sign as his tentacles coiled around her limbs, and under her back, supporting her. Then she started easing herself down, kneeling in front of him, closer in height now, her hands caressing his head, following with them the blobs of excited black inky flesh that got aroused by her touch. She was opening her mouth again, communicating something in soft murmuring tones he couldn't understand but guessed that was meant as a good thing since she sat down and used her upper limb to pull up the sheet of dead fabric she covered her body with.

And then it hit him! Wow! He could almost see colors radiating from her, the scent was so strong. He moved between her bent lower limbs and his tentacles slithered all over her body, caressing her softly, kissing her with hundreds of tongues, one slowly moving up her leg for the main prize, the source of all the intoxicating smell between her lower limbs. He touched it and his head swirled, floating in the hallucinogenic sea. He needed a moment to compose himself and then things went with their own flow. He pushed his tentacle inside, assailed by heat and wetness and pressure from the walls that lined her entrance and he gorged on her juices. She was moving in the sea of his limbs, not fighting but seemingly seeking contact, wanting to sense him around her. He did get scared one second when she took his tentacle in one of her upper limbs and squeezed it so hard the tail end quivered but then she moved it to her other orifice and sucked at it with tremendous force he wasn't used to. Soon he relaxed though and danced with the nimble, muscled piece of flesh she used to lick at him.

She moved her lower limbs to accommodate him, somehow wrapping them around his body. He was sucking up the trippy substance she produced which made his mind alter and his skin go inky black all over. Then she put her grip on his tentacle that was between her lower limbs, and he felt like he did something wrong when she moved to pull out. He didn't fight it, scared that her chemistry would change and that his trip would go bad. She pushed it deeper then though, moving it in and out which caused even more juice to well around the tongues that were in her. Soon he got the hang of it and started moving in time with her. He continued to do so even when she left him and moved her limbs, both of the upper ones to the tentacle in her upper opening, doing the same motion, though she was controlling the way that tentacle moved.

He was concentrating on moving his lower tentacle. He moved it like she showed him and his tongues kept delving deeper, scooping up the juice she produced. She again started making noises, muffled by his upper tentacle. The sound was a long drone, somehow matched with the rhythm with which he pushed his lower tentacle to lick inside her. He tried to move his upper tentacle out of her when she started this but she just pushed him in harder, so he didn't bother. She kept moving her body, undulating and writhing, sound reverberating through her, transferring to him, pulling him on her with her lower limbs locked behind him. He tried making the same noise, just his sounded much more lower and slower, rumbling almost, and to make it he had to make his whole body vibrate, whirring with small movemnts. She reacted, pulling him harder on her, sounding her noise louder, the walls around his lower tentacle growing tighter and tighter then relaxing, that rhythm quickening, hurtling as he continued to push and pull there getting drunk on her juices until something happened.

She gushed over him, covering him in her scent, screaming muffled over his tentacle, body twitching, convulsing, spasming. The juice that gushed over him was the same chemical that made him think he is the king of the world, that made him think his intelligence soared to fantastical levels, that made him realize there are beings with intelligence thousandfold higher still. That, only concentrated a million times. He lost control of his limbs too, twitching and coiling similar to how hers were, out of control but seemingly trying to stay in contact with the other being, limbs using a mind of their own. It went on like this, for an indescribable amount of time, until her jerking became slower and he slowly pulled his tentacles out of her, coiling them under him, lost in his trip. He sensed her slowly coming to her senses, as if he observed from a brink of consciousness.

* * * 

She somehow got to her legs, took a few efforts to prop herself up and then, meandering and rubbing her face awake with her palms, staggered to the bag and picked it, pulling it behind her along the floor. As she walked, dazed, she straightened her dress, picked some leaves off it and tried to come down from the still throbbing remnants of her orgasm. She must have been there for hours, if not days, and she thought she best looked presentable for the search party. When she did find the guard he was still looking bored, smoking, smiling as he chuckled as he read something from his comm-pad. He put it away when he saw her, cigarette in the corner of his lips. 

"Back already?" 

"Mhm."

"Got all those samples Planetary Ecology Research Mission so sorely needed?"

"Yeah, yeah, they're all there" she tapped the bag as she lifted it, her voice level, slow, slightly hoarse. 

"Well alrighty then!" he said, standing up, clearing the wet moss off his butt, tossing the cigarette in the bush, hefting his taser gun on his back and escorted her back to the base, thankfully asking her nothing more.