 Tarren watched as the pretty blond woman left the bar. She was alright, a bit tall for him, though she was only five footish, he really enjoyed a more compact version of a female. But this was business, not so much pleasure. She went to her car, fiddled for her keys and slipped into the drivers seat. Of course her full figure was important, and the fact that she was "innocent", such a meal would be very helpful at the moment, as he and his brother had found themselves on just about every news cast available to mankind, for murder. He pondered where they had been seen, it was hard, it could have been anywhere. Though all the police had currently was an artists sketch, they did not know that there were two of them, nor that they were vampires destroying the would be creatures their feeding usually created. Neither he or Tray desired to have more vampires walking about, they were unique, and hunted others. The day was a friend to them, but not the ones they hunted.

Tarren set his pace, she drove slowly to leave the parking lot. She looked left, then right, then pulled out, it was a thump she heard instead of tires on the pavement. Ryann stopped her car, panting heavily in fear as she looked all around for what could have caused the thump. She couldn't see anything, until a hand set up on her hood from the front. She screeched, gasping, realizing that she had hit someone.

Her action was swift as she got out to go to the man that was now leaning on her car, holding his head. He didn't look like a scrub, not in any way. He wore a Victorian suit jacket and slacks, he had long shoulder length raven colored hair and an extremely comely face. If anything she wanted to make sure he was ok, and maybe get to know him better.

When she went to his side he looked at her dizzily and offered a half grin. "Interesting way to meet a person that you have there."

Tarren ran his hand over his brow, he had to actually crack his head against her bumper as she wasn't going fast enough to cause even a bruise on him, he was an excellent actor, and Rayann fell for it hook line and sinker.

She placed a soft hand on his arm, a concerned look on her rather pretty features. Tarren looked her in the eyes, hers were nearly purple, he hadn't noticed that before.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't see you, are you alright?" She was of course staring him in the eyes, he had such deep pools of ebony that she was sure she could see herself reflected in them.

The hypnotic gaze was more then she could resist. Rayann tilted her head and put on her best customer service smile, bartending as she has for so long had made her able to talk to just about anyone. This was her Friday, so timing couldn't be better for her to make nice with the handsome Gothic male fate hit with her car.

"So, how about you come back to my place, and I can take care of that cut properly?"

Tarren acted a little shy and rubbed the back of his head with one hand as he looked to the ground, calling forth a wonderful blush for her.

"Oh I don't know that you need to put yourself out so much. I am really alright, no worries, it was much my fault as anyone's, not looking where I was going and all.." he looked back the way he came, watching Tray slip from shadow to shadow, hunger making him quite impatient for Tarren's little games.

She tugged on his arm, now feeling quite in control of what seemed to be a very shy demure male. "I insist."

She pulled him to the passenger side and shuffled him into the seat, grinning to herself as she went back to her own side of the car.

During the drive to her apartment he played along with the shy thing, speaking low, avoiding her direct looks. When he was just looking in the reflections around him to watch his brother, making sure he was keeping up, right down to the portion of freeway they went on. Tray simply surfed rooftops, leaping silently from one car to another to keep them in view.

When they reached her apartment, she helped Tarren from the car, he had another dizzy spell when standing so she gripped him about the waist and had him lean on her for the walk upstairs. Rayann's apartment was well furnished, every nicknack was placed in its own little space and no clutter hindered the well kept look of her abode. A sign to Tarren that she had no other in her life, as well all the pictures around her place were artistic instead of personal. He was pleased that his Intel had been correct.

Rayann put him on the sofa and went into her kitchen, once there she prepared him a drink and came back with a small emergency kit. Tarren was relieved as he had to keep opening the wound with his thumb nail whenever he traced his finger over it to check it. He did have to grin inwardly as his hypnotic gaze had dropped her shyness perfectly, he knew this for certain when she straddled his legs, trapping him under her curvy hips and round posterior as she tended his cut.

Rayann grinned at him when she placed the small bandage. "See that wasn't so bad now was it, just one more step and it will be all better."

She leaned down and kissed him deeply. He pretended to be shocked and tried vaguely to move away before her full lips parted and her tongue probed his mouth for signs of his last meal. Rayann wrapped her arms around his neck to keep him there, her only desire to ravish the handsome man that she had lured into her nest.

She started peeling his coat off, he murmured protest, letting her retain the illusion of control. Once she freed his chest from its well adorned clothing her small hands swept softly over his cool bare flesh, her lips let escape a soft purr into his mouth. She had never been with a man before, but that just meant she had not found an appropriate mate. He knew full well it was her schedule that prevented her desires from coning to fruition, not her looks. Soon enough, she had peeled all his clothing from him, the promise of a thorough fucking whispering past her lips.

Rayann stood then, and removed her clothing, setting into his view the full figure of the healthy female. Her hips flared perfectly for child birth, a slender waist showed strength in posture, full bulbous breasts ripe for suckling. The perfect meal before him nearly made his mouth water. Resistance was no longer an option as he pulled her forward back into his lap.

"Ive actually never been with a man before..." she whispered as his hot lips swept greedily over the flesh of her supple neck.

To this he only smiled. "Its ok, I know what to do."

She could feel his excitement rising, his cock pressed against her pelvic bone, showing her his girth and length, making her shudder in anticipation. Rayann fairly melted to his touch, his hands lingered over her flesh, her back, traced with fingertips, set afire lusty devotion to have his cock deep inside her.

His hands gripped her ample ass, both hands pulling her body closer, up, leaving her hungry pussy hovering over the tip of his swollen cock.

"Sorry..." he whispered as he dropped her weight onto his throbbing member.

Rayann squealed, the pain was quick, throbbing, his subsequent strokes within her heated orifice relieved the pain quickly, enabling him to force her body into complete compliance with his desires.

Tray slipped in through the window, his clothing, stripped, left a trail from the entrance to the sofa. His hands too began to caress, stimulate and madden the heated desire Tarren had already started within the girl. Tray's hands cupped the full bouncing breasts, pulled them into her, and her back to lean on his chest as his cock stroked between her lips and his brothers stroking cock, wetting him completely. Rayann's hands flew up, gripping him by the back of the neck, her mind no longer caring that suddenly there were two men with her. She gripped Tray's neck and pulled his head down to her shoulder, where he happily nibbled and caressed with his own greedy kisses.

Tray slipped his hard as steel cock between her ass cheeks, spreading the rubbery flesh with his motions, He sank his teeth deeply into the base of her neck as he shoved his swollen member into her ass, again making her scream with pleasure and pain. The bite making it more erotic then painful. Tarren too added to this feeling of ecstasy, his own teeth digging deeply into her bouncing breast. Back and forth, Tarren would stroke out, pushing her back and onto Trays stroking cock, and a game of push me pull me ensued. Rayann screamed in joy as her head began to swim, the two hard cocks filling her fully as her blood flowed swiftly through her.

Tarren came first, of the two men that is, as Rayann had not stopped her torrents of orgasmic spraying sense he had initially entered her. As he came he threw his head back, now full of her life's blood he could really enjoy the flow of cum that gushed in spurts from his cock into her desperately thrusting pussy.

Tray shoved himself to the base of his own shaft into her bumping ass, shooting his own load deep into her. His arms jerked her body hard into his chest, several times as each spurt of thick cum thrummed past his shaft, each micro explosion draining from her a shot of her blood.

When he finished he let her slip to Tarren's chest, limp.

He stepped back, turning to go shower.

Tarren laid her limp body on the sofa. Perhaps maybe she wont turn, and they wont have to worry about it. One never knew, time would tell, sadly, they had to move on and did not have the time to watch out for this. If she did turn, he was sure she would seek them out, which was fine.

He slipped down to her throbbing bruised pussy, one last lick, one last nibble of blood and he went to clean up, sated and ready to travel.