 Lydia was crouching in a dense clump of underbrush; saltwater pearls dripping from her short auburn curls into her emerald eyes, obscuring her vision. She wiped away the moisture with her dusty jumpsuit sleeve, leaving behind a streak of muddy camouflage. She was breathing heavily, gasping for air after a hard run. She struggled to regain control of her breathing as she listened for the native predator that was stalking her. She had been out hunting for food and water when this tiresome game of cat and mouse began.

Lydia had been assigned a scouting mission by Colonial Defense. Her scanners had discovered particle trails from what appeared to be a large fleet of spacecraft. As she approached the alien vessels, one of its perimeter guards detected her presence and began immediate pursuit. She initiated standard evasive procedures and set course for a small system of planets away from the colony. The alien interceptor pursued her, leaving her no choice but to enter the gravitational field of a small habitable world. To guarantee that she did not report his carrier’s presence to anyone, the alien pilot began firing his weapons at her. She altered her course several times, successfully evading his missiles as he continued to pursue her into the atmosphere over this small planet. Lydia selected a landing area where she might set down and hide out from her adversary. As she entered the lower atmosphere, Lydia’s ship took a direct hit on her left wing, forcing her to eject; her escape pod landed in some dense woodland. Lydia crawled out of her escape craft and took inventory. She had rations for a few days but didn’t know when or if she would be rescued, making it necessary for her to set up a camp and scout for food and water. Lydia decided to spend her first night in the pod and set up her camp in the morning. Her first night on this arboreal world was a restless one, full of nightmares and uneasiness as she adjusted to her new environs. Lydia decided to reserve her rations and go in search of food and water near her camp. She had marked a trail heading into the planet’s sunrise as she scanned the local flora for edibles. She had traveled several hours from her camp when she heard a rustling noise in the bushes.

Felix had been out for a stroll in the cool night air when he spotted the unusual objects in the sky. He watched as one of the glowing objects broke apart and fell to the ground while the other took flight into the heavens. So many questions raced through his thoughts as he accelerated toward the mystery. Felix ambulated toward the landing area of the bright object; occasionally catching a glint of reflected sunlight from the fallen spacecraft. He quickened his pace in anticipation of some wondrous gift from the heavens, but was forced to slow his journey as the underbrush thickened. He slowly worked his way through the thick foliage surrounding the object only to be stopped by an impassable knot of brush and thorns. Felix retreated out of the dense greenery and began to search for an easier passage. Felix heard a rustling nearby and stopped moving. A snapping twig captured his attention and he worked his way through the underbrush to catch a glimpse of the creature that was responsible for the noise. As he parted the bushes, he saw a small erect ape standing in a thicket, her body covered by unusual adornments. She had a tuft of curled brown fur covering her head and the most unusual eyes that he had ever seen. The ape spun slowly in a circle, stopping occasionally to closely examine a plant. Hastily she shoved her little box into a pocket in her covering and started to run. Curious about her behavior, Felix took off after her.

Lydia could hear the large carnivore pursuing her as the brush and twigs snapped under his weight. Lydia was not about to become his next meal, nor was she interested in killing him. She climbed a large tree in an attempt to circle back toward her camp, but he followed her up into the foliage cover. Not wanting to lead him to her camp, she changed direction. Unable to shake him in the canopy, she descended to the ground and headed for a stream she had spotted. Lydia tried crossing the stream several times, but he always seemed to pick up her scent. She entered the stream a final time and ran quickly downstream before rejoining the bank and heading toward her camp. She stopped to rest under a dense clump of shrubbery when she could no longer hear the cat behind her.

Through with being the mouse, she peered out from her hiding place, watching for her pursuer. Having rested sufficiently, Lydia crept carefully from her protective cover, standing just over five feet tall, determined to turn the tables on her hunter. With her service weapon ready, she followed a faint trail back in the direction from where she had come, pausing occasionally to scan for large heat sources. “Here, kitty, kitty,” Lydia uttered under her breath as she made her way back through the forest. She had resolved that it was time for the mouse to end the chase. Lydia paused by a large clump of shrubbery to scan once more for her prey when the bushes suddenly parted. “Son of a…” her voice trailed off as a large white feline pounced on her from it’s hiding place, knocking her gun into the brush, out of sight and reach.

Lydia was flat on her back and breathless, pinned by the feline’s large front paws and heavy weight. Remembering her survival training, Lydia immediately closed her eyes and pretended to be unconscious as he growled quietly at her. Because Lydia showed no resistance, the feline withdrew from its dominant position over her, a mistake he would soon regret. She suddenly rolled over, quickly scrambled to her feet and dove into the brush looking for her gun. The large cat pounced again sending her sprawling on the ground. He swatted at her with his huge paw, rolling her over onto her back. She quickly drew her survival knife and lunged toward him. The feline attempted to dodge her thrust, but did not move quickly enough to avoid the blade. He met her second attempt at a parry with his large front paw, knocking the knife out of her hand. She rolled over and scrambled to her feet in an attempt to escape alive. He blocked her way and swatted her again, knocking her to the ground unconscious. Felix sniffed at the fallen primate and batted her with his paw. Assured that she was really unconscious this time, he examined her more closely. She seemed manageable, a small thing, hardly worth killing, and there was the possibility that she might make a good pet. He lifted her off the ground by grabbing her clothes with his powerful jaws and carried her back to his village to keep her as a pet. 

When Lydia awoke, she was cold from lying uncomfortably on a stone floor in a dimly lit log house. The cabin was simply furnished with a moss-carpeted platform in one corner and a shallow rocky pool opposite that was fed by a waterfall cascading down the stone back wall. The heavy wooden door would not budge as she attempted to force it open and wooden sticks woven into a lattice barred the windows. Lydia wandered over to the pool and knelt down, testing the water with her hand. The water was tepid and she was hesitant to enter, but she had some scratches and bruises from her encounter with the cat that she was certain a bath would help heal. She stripped off her shoes and flight suit and slowly walked down the stone steps leading into the pool. The water was only waist high. Her scratches stung as she lowered her body into the pool, allowing the layer of sweat and grime to slowly dissolve off her. 

Lydia heard the door open and saw two blue eyes enter the room. Straining to see who had entered, she stood up near the pool wall, exposing her breasts, her wet nipples standing erect in the cold air. Curious about her breasts, Felix walked over to the bath. Lydia stood still as the large cat knelt beside her and nuzzled her firm round orbs, watching her reaction carefully. His rough tongue licked her nipples and Lydia moaned quietly. He opened his mouth and surrounded a breast with his lips and gently began to suckle. Lydia gasped, surprised by her own growing excitement and the roughness of his tongue as he massaged her breast. She stood at the edge of the pool until Felix had satisfied his curiosity about her breasts. 

Felix settled down to fall asleep on the bed. Lydia cautiously approached the reclining cat to satisfy her curiosity that he was really asleep. Watching him sleep somehow made her feel less afraid of him and his face as he slept had an almost human quality to it, but it was still the face of a cat. She slipped quietly over to the door, left ajar by the impetuous male. Lydia widened the opening enough to slip through to freedom. The hut had been built into the rocky cliffside but was still surrounded by trees and shrubbery. It waterfall was fed by an underground spring emerging just above the heavily thatched roof of the hut. Lydia climb up the cliff to survey her surroundings, hoping the vantage would help her locate her escape pod. She noticed several other dwellings scattered along the cliffside, each feeding off an emergent spring. Lydia wandered along the ridge for several hours before noticing her hunger. She wandered down into the forest hoping to find a few of the edible fruits and berries that she had identified before her capture. After picking her way through some dense foliage she stumbled upon a cluster of berry brambles and stopped to feast. It was there that Felix found her with her hands and lips dyed a bright purple from the large sweet berries she had eaten. He was angry with her for wandering off and with himself for not feeding her. Felix watched her as she flitted from bramble to bramble, pulling off berries and stuffing her cheeks with an almost catlike swiftness. He shook his head and reminded himself that she was only an ape, but part of him yearned to know her differently. Lydia spotted Felix out of the corner of her eye and knew that it would be useless to run. She continued to stuff herself on the berries for as long as he or her stomach would allow. Felix emerged from the bushes and gently grabbed her hand, leading her back to his home.

Lydia removed her clothing with the intent of washing her meal off her face and hands, but Felix prevented her from entering the pool. She stood still while Felix began to lick her belly, giving it an impromptu bath. Lydia winced as his rough tongue made it’s way over her, leaning against the stone wall to steady her body against his powerful tongue. He licked her furry mound until she began to literally climb the wall behind her. Lydia offered no resistance to his sexual overtures, spreading her legs willingly when he licked her thighs. Lydia stifled a moan as his tongue licked her clitoris. Felix licked her little button again, and despite Lydia’s best effort to remain silent, she moaned loudly. His tongue found it’s way into her sex, lapping up the fluid that he found there. The more he licked, the wetter she became, until her juice was dripping off his nose. He continued to lick her clitoris until she arched her back, exposing her cunt to the amorous feline. He explored the cavity with his tongue, detecting a second opening hidden within. His tongue could not penetrate the second orifice, but it did not seem to matter. 

Felix placed his forepaws upon the wall near her shoulders and extended his sexual prowess. Inching forward with his hind legs, he slowly maneuvered his hot, thin, hard bone toward the opening between her thighs, entering her first opening easily. Determined to penetrate her fully, Felix probed for the tiny aperture, locating it with the tip of his rod. Finding resistance, he increased the pressure on her opening with his malehood until it gave way. Lydia arched her back reacting to the pain, her feet sliding to the floor as his penis penetrated her cervix. Satisfied that he had entered her as completely as possible, his thrusts began to quicken. Her pain began to ease as he had his way with her. She wrapped her legs around his torso and passionately embraced each thrust. Waves of rapture overtook her and he growled loudly, almost roaring, when he came inside her.