 FROM THE JOURNAL OF JESSICA WOODRUE:

My name is Jessica Woodrue, daughter of disgraced brain surgeon, Doctor Jason Woodrue. I write this journal as a testament to his both his research and mine. My father worked on a project his was insanely passionate about - Project Gilgamesh. The goal of his research was simple: create the ultimate super-soldier.

He understood that to create an ideal killing machine, it takes not only brute strength, but pure rage. With that in mind, he created VENOM - a potent blend of animal and plant toxins, and steroids - as powerful as any drug that has ever existed. 

Woodrue used many test subjects in his the pursuit of perfecting his Venom formula. All of them died, except for one - an inmate at the Pena Duro prison complex were my father did his research. The prisoner was Antonio Diego, a diminutive man who was a convicted serial murderer serving a life sentence for his crimes. 

My father, pulling from his extensive background in brain surgery and chemical research, concluded that his Venom drug would be most effective if administered directly to the brain's limbic system. He had three concentric holes drilled into Antonio's skull, creating a pathway that would allow Venom to be injected via a tube system.

Before an audience of bidders, Dr. Woodrue had Antonio bound to a gurney inside the Gilgamesh wing of the prison fortress. He proceeded to pump Venom into Antonio's brain, turing the scrawny prisoner into a muscle bound super-soldier. I know this not only from my father's research notes, but because I witnessed the event. 

I am naturally as curious as I am horny, and wanted to see what my father's long nights in the lab were really about. I watched Antonio, now christened BANE, escape from his restraints and kill my father's henchmen. In that moment I should have been terrified, but instead I was incredibly aroused. Seeing that monster of a man flex his huge, veiny arms was insanely erotic to witness.

I could see the giant bulge in his iron codpiece and I desperately wondered what Bane's cock must look like. I'm bi, with a preference for girls, but imagining the Venom increasing the size of Bane's dick captured my imagination. *** Shortly after, my father's associate, Dr. Pamela Isley, murdered my father in cold blood and destroyed much of the Gilgamesh wing of the prison I called home. Then she took Bane - the culmination of my father's work - with her to Gotham City. She betrayed my father's trust and I have every intention of enacting my revenge. 

As I write this, Dr. Isley has been detained at Arkham Asylum in Gotham, having attempted a take over of the city with some lunatic known as "Mister Freeze." Since I know where Isley is, I will deal with her later. 

Bane, my current obsession, is missing- - presumed dead. Using my late father's equipment, I had been able to pick up a signal from the GPS tracker embedded in Bane's injector pack. I sent a secret recovery team to the Gotham observatory to see if Bane is still alive. 

It pains me to think what Isley might have done with the brute. Did she allow Bane to fuck her? I'm imagine that massive, veiny cock of his and it angers me to think someone as unattractive as Pamela Isley had access to Bane's magnificent rod. No matter, I set my sights on a new goal - to create a female Bane.

*** 

I toiled away in my lab using hormones and synthesized plants toxins, trying to perfect my new Venom formula. The considerable wealth my father left allowed me to restore much of the lab complex, which had been ravaged by fire. 

Candice and Heather, my two lab assistants, entered. To call them assistants, would be putting it mildly. I took them in as lovers, and used our trysts to keep the thoughts of Bane's meaty cock at bay.

Candice was 5'7" with fair skined, auburn eyes and shoulder-length brown hair. She wore a tight black leather dress that fell just above her knee. I loved how the dress pushed her pale D-cup tits up. I seriously contemplated burying my face deep in her chest every time I saw her in that dress. Heather meanwhile was no less sexy. She wore a leather dress like Candice, white in color, that hugged her heart-shaped ass. She was a beauty - 6'0 feet tall, ebony skin, with pouty lips and a black afro to boot. 

"We found the purrfect test subject, Doctor," Candice announced. She handed me a tablet computer with a dossier on the new female test subject:

Name: Sabine (last name unknown) Age: 19 Nationality: Colombian Height: 5 feet, 8 inches Weight (Before serum): 110 Cup Size (Before serum): A

Heather smiled coyly and said "We have kept the cameras rolling since your CAPOS brought her here. I can say she's become quite a slut." She taped a link on Sabine's profile which brought up a CCTV video feed. We watched the live feed from Sabine's holding cell. 

The teen had stripped off her prison-issued jumpsuit and cotton panties and was furiously rubbing her rosy pink clit. "We injected her with a small dose, only one vial!, Candice exclaimed. "She's been that way since we administered that dose over 3 hours ago. I've never seen a subject react that strongly" Heather added. 

I continue to watch the feed, deep in thought. Sabine had bronze colored skin and waist-length brown hair, very cute. Most importantly she was exactly what my experiment needed. 

It had been my goal since the project's inception to use females who, shall we say, lacked certain characteristics. I wanted women with flat chests and no asses - Victoria's Secret models essentially. It was a fantasy of mine to turn rail thin women into curvy goddesses. 

I turned to Heather and said "Give Sabine a larger dose this time...two vials. I want to see how her body reacts." Heather left to fetch another vial of Venom. "Candice, prep the operating theatre...I think someone is about to get BANED.

*** 

A month later, I was pleased to say that Sabine recovered from her brain surgery. We had been giving her a low dose injections of Venom through an IV. I wanted her body to be ready for the final phase of her transformation. Sabine was placed back in her cell and she had been using most of her free time to masturbate. It was unreal how effective the Venom had been. I'd seen the tapes prior to her initial injection. Sabine was definitely something of a shrinking violet then. After the Venom, I would send a CAPOS with food to Sabine's cell and she would try to kiss them and remove their clothes. I made extensive notes on how the drug had enhanced Sabine's libido.

*** I arranged for some of the underworld's most notorious, from Gotham and around the world, to come to the island. They were rich, jet-setting playboys with more money than common sense. They had been lead to believe Pena Duro was some sort of brothel for the uber wealthy. They had no idea what they were about to witness. 

I sent Candice and Heather off to prepare the Gilgamesh wing for our guests. In the meantime, I made some online orders for Sabine after her transformation - lingerie mostly, all plus size. I found several cute bra and panty sets and some revealing swimsuits were too big for Sabine to wear at her current size. I smiled knowing that would soon change. 

*** The big day arrived. Our guests, clad in business attire, were shuttled from their private jet on the prison airstrip to my Gilgamesh wing. They would witness the transformation from an observation platform overlooking my lab. At the center was a large gurney with a holding tank behind it. I emerged from the shadows, clad in my best "mad scientist" attire, ready to address my audience.

"Gentlemen, may I present Sabine - our sole surviving volunteer" I said into a portable phone.

My henchwomen Candice and Heather, dressed as CAPOS , entered the chamber carrying Sabine in a tight-fitting thong leotard. The black mesh material clung to the teen's skinny frame, leaving little to the imagination. Sabine's A-cup breasts could be seen faintly through the material as well as the small patch of pubic hair that rested above her neatly shaven pussy. 

My test subject's head was topped with short, spiky black hair, but the sides and back were completely shaved. The back of her skull had been fitted with three surgically implanted ducts. Candice and Heather lifted the tiny teen up so that we could get a better look.

Dangling from Sabine's left shoulder were three snaking tubes, which ran to an injector pack. This smaller pack was attached to a garter on her left thigh. Sabine attempted to break free of her captors, but to no avail. She scowled and spit at me in frustration. Her angered expression was strangely arousing.

"And what a lady she is!" I exclaimed in a tone that was equal parts mocking and delighted. Candice and Heather threw Sabine down on the gurney and proceed to bind her hands and feet with heavy iron shackles. 

I continued: "By merely drilling three concentric holes directly into Sabine's cranial cavity, I have created viaducts into the most primitive part of her brain's... limbic system!"

Candice, a body of baby oil in hand, began to drench the teen. She took extra care to rub the oil into Sabine's small tits, stomach and pussy. Once the test subject was suitably oiled up, Heather came forward with a black and white luchador-style mask, like Bane's, complete with holes for the tubes. 

She proceeded to fit the mask over Sabine's head, giggling as the Sabine whimpered in protest. Heather then made sure to fit the three snaking tubes into the ducts in the teen's skull. I came over to apply the finishing touch. I zipped the fabric closed over Sabine's face and addressed my audience once more:

"It's a shame I have to cover her pretty face, but I think the mask adds some much needed kink." Then I lifted a jar of milky fluid next to the gurney. The jar was labeled with a skull and crossbones and the serum's codename: VENOM. 

"Now I add my super serum, I explain, "to which I add my very own recipe of hormones and toxins."

I poured the serum into the large tank on the back of the gurney and proceed to connect the tank to the injector pack on Sabine's skinny thigh. The pack activated and began to flash rapidly. I addressed my audience, giddy with anticipation. "Plug her in, time to scream."

Sabine did just as I promised. She screamed as milky Venom rapidly pumped into her skull. The teen squirmed on the gurney, attempting to break free of her bindings. Her high-pitched screams mixed with the sound of Venom flowing into her body and filled the room. Her small tits began to swell in size. The rest of her body followed suit - her hips, thighs, ass and belly ballooned in size almost instantly. Her stomach and thighs heaved and bubbled as her body violently shook. 

The injector pack ended its cycle, ceasing the torrent of injections that had turned an already attractive teen into nothing less than a goddess in my eyes. "Behold the ideal sex machine" I declared in triumph. I had every reason to think his experiment was a smashing success as the proof was before us. Sabine's breathing was quiet, no longer the labored gasps of moments earlier, and with each breath she took I could see her heavy bosom rise and fall. 

I begin again.

"I call this curvy little number...Babe!"

I looked down on the gurney and surveyed Babe's body. She had round tits, with hard nipples poking through her oiled leotard, a plump tummy and thick thighs. My Venom formula performed beyond my wildest expectations.

"Imagine it, you own super-sex slave, willing to make your wildest erotic fantasies come true!" I cry triumphantly. "You see, the Venom has a rather unique effect on the female form. It significantly amplifies feminine sexual characteristics, but it also increases libido ten-fold. Unfortunately, with this comes a hindering of her higher faculties. In her current state, Babe thinks only of satisfying her ferocious sexual appetite. Now, Bidding begins at a mere ten million!"

I upped the Venom flow on Babe's injector pack and slapped an activation stud on the device.

"Baby, show off for mommy!" I cried ready for Babe to go TURBO.

As before, the tank bubbled as Venom pumped into the new object of my desire. Babe growled with delight. Impossibly, her breasts grew even larger, as her round areolas become engorged with milky Venom. Her leotard could barely contain the massive orbs, which began to leak milk.

My newly christened Babe cried out in ecstasy - muffled cries of pleasure encumbered by her mask. She was completely powerless to resist as the serum pumped into her brain, fattening her up and driving her wild with desire. She tugged on her bindings, letting out one more guttural moan of satisfaction. 

Her pussy lips swelled as she ascended towards climax, cutting deep into the oiled crotch of her leotard, creating a plump camel toe. I could hardly believe how fat Babe's pussy had become. I hit the stud on injector pack once more, causing her to TURBO orgasm once more.

I was over the moon at that point. Could there really be anything sexier than a petite teen getting pumped up into a curvy nympho?

Suddenly, one of Babe's arm shackles came loose. Heather and Candice, at the ready, moved in to subdue the test subject. I commanded that they halt, wanting to see what Babe did next. 

Babe quickly undid her other bindings and staggered off of the gurney. As she did so, hot, sticky fluid - no doubt a mixture of Venom and her pussy juices - spurt from her vagina and ran down her massive thighs. She shuddered in orgasmic bliss, causing her massive jugs and belly to shake. In triumph, she flexed her chubby arms before us and screamed her new name - "BABE!"

Without hesitation, my audience of playboys begin to enter their bids. Sabine's transformation into the chubby BABE was complete, but the fun was just beginning.