 "You're the sixty-ninth caller!" the voice on the other end of the phone yelled into Justin's ear.

"Yeah? Wow! Did I win the new Eminem CD?"

"You sure did! And..."

Justin had never won one of these silly radio contests before. Though it was just a silly CD, he was thrilled to have finally won something. His radio played a Honda ad in the background followed by a crazed deejay shouting, "You're the sixty-ninth caller!" and his own voice saying, "Yeah?"

"Could you turn your radio down, sir?" the deejay asked over the phone.

"Oh, okay?"

With phone to ear, he walked over and turned his radio off. 

"What's your name?" the deejay asked.

"Justin."

"Okay, Justin. You just won Eminem's latest CD; and if you can answer the next ten questions, you'll win the grand prize!"

"Cool! Ask away!"

"Who let the dogs out?"

"Huh?" Justin asked.

"You heard me!" the deejay scolded him. "Who let the frickin dogs out? C'mon! Five seconds..."

"Uhm, oh yeah. That was Baha Men!"

"That's correct! But where were they going without ever knowing the way?"

"Oh! I heard that before..."

"Five seconds!"

"Oh yeah, that from The Way! Fastball!"

"Correct! Now, who was driving that black Mitsubishi?"

"Ha! He never said who was driving it, but that's from Eminem, One Shot Two Shot."

"Correct! What's the frequency, Kenneth?"

"Hey! I said my name's Justin!"

"Five seconds!"

"Oh! Yeah--that's--uhm--uhm..."

"Two seconds!"

"R.E.M. from their Monster CD!"

"Correct! Who can say if your love grows as your heart chose?" 

"Oh! That's from some sappy love song a few years ago. Uhm--uhm..."

"Five seconds!"

"Something about time..."

"Two seconds..."

"Only Time, by, uhm, Enya, I think..."

"Correct! What are you doin' in my life?"

"Oh! That song rocks! That's Tom Petty, Damn The Torpedoes!"

"Correct! How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?" 

"I know that one!" Justin yelled back. "That's from Pink Floyd, The Wall!"

"Correct! Now where are you tonight, sweet Marie?"

"Oh! That's easy! Bob Dylan! Absolutely Sweet Marie!"

"Correct! Who put the 'bop' in the 'bop-she-bop-she-bop'?"

"Oh, what's that movie about the 50's?" 

"Five seconds!"

"American Pie? No! Grease!"

"Correct! If you answer the next question right, you'll be the first to win the grand prize! But it's a tough one! Ready?"

"I guess so. Go ahead."

"Birds can fly, fish can swim, but on this planet, where do I fit in?"

"I know that song! That's Shakespeare's Sister, Moonchild! The next line goes something like, 'Sometimes I feel like I'm an alien.' I literally emphasize with that song!" 

"We have a grand prize winner on Sixty-Nine XXX!"

"Really? I won the grand prize!"

"You sure did, dude! And you know what it is?" 

"Uh, no, not really."

"You won a model 3X69 fembot from Shinra. That's their bleeding-edge technology, top-of-the-line robot, with a list price of $175,000!"

"I won a fembot?"

"Ain't that cool?"

"Yeah, I guess," he said. All his friends owned fembots, but he couldn't understand why any guy would want a robot over a live human girl. 

"Great! Stay on the line while we go to XXX news." 

The deejay transferred him to some clerk who took his name, number, and address.

He received a letter from WXXX radio the following week with a prize certificate. So, with certificate in hand, he stopped in at the local Shinra dealer Friday night on his way home from work. His old, rusty 2020 Honda left a smoky trail of burning oil all the way.

"May I help you?" a pretty receptionist asked as he entered the lobby.

"Yeah." He showed her his certificate from the radio station. 

She looked at the certificate and said, "Have a seat please. Someone will be with you in a moment."

About ten minutes later, a man in a white blazer came out with his hand extended. "Welcome to Shinra! I'm Brian. Are you the prize winner from WXXX?"

"Yeah." Justin stood. "I'm Justin."

"Okay, Justin. Follow me please."

"Sir? I was wondering if I could just have the money instead of the fembot?"

"Well, the radio station already purchased her, and she now belongs to you. But I guess you could always sell her on eBay or something."

"Okay," Justin said and followed the salesman into a small, cozy den-like room where a secretary was sitting at a small round table with a pile of legal papers. 

Of course, the fact that she was really cute, with short jet-black hair didn't escape Justin's notice. 

Brian brought Justin over to the table and said, "Have a seat at the table please, Justin."

Justin sat at the table, and the salesman sat next to him. The secretary moved to the seat next to Justin and smiled at him.

_Forget the stupid fembot,_ Justin thought, _I'm asking HER out when this is over!_

"Justin," Brian said, pointing at the woman, "this is Aerith."

To Aerith, he said, "Aerith, this is Justin." 

"Hi Aerith," Justin said, looking into her light brown eyes. "Nice to meet you." 

She smiled back and said, "It's nice to meet you too, Justin."

Brian pulled a page off the top of the pile and slid it in front of Justin and said something that Justin didn't hear.

"Justin!" the salesman said and tapped on the table. 

Justin broke the eye-lock with the cute secretary and looked over at Brian. "Yes?"

The salesman handed Justin a pen and pointed at the form. "This is the title for the fembot, sign here."

Justin signed the form, and the next, and the next.

Brian then collected all the papers and said, "Now, why don't the two of you get to know each other." Then he took the stack and left the room.

"So, Aerith, when do I see this robot that I won?" Justin asked the secretary.

Aerith gasped, then doubled over, laughing. 

"What did I say that's so funny?" Justin asked with some mild annoyance.

"Justin," she said with a big grin. "What do you think a fembot is?"

"I know what a fembot is! Every guy I know has one. I've never seen one naked, but I guess it's like an animatronic sex doll--or like a female 'Data' from the old _Star Trek"_ show."

"Could you tell if a woman was really a fembot if you met one on the street?"

"I don't know. All my friends have cheap ones, and you tell because their skin looks plastic. But I've seen some rich guys walking around the mall with realistic ones too, and you can't tell. Between you and me, though, I'd rather have a real girl--like you." Justin felt his face turn red when he said that to her, wondering if she would flirt back. 

"Aww, you're sweet!" she said and touched his hand. 

"Yeah? So why all the questions?"

"I'm your fembot, Justin."

"You! But you're a live person. No way you're a fembot!"

"I'm the latest model. My skin is a protein-based polymer with real hair embedded in it, just like a live person. It's porous underneath, and an artificial heart pumps warm oil through my skin to give it the feel of live human flesh."

"Really?"

"Yes. Go ahead! Feel me."

"Well, okay. If you don't mind."

She laughed again. "You own me. You can touch me anywhere you want."

Justin touched her arm. "Yeah, you sure feel real! Uhm, you look about 25. How old are you?"

"Physically, I'm two months and three days old. I was manufactured at the Shinra factory and shipped from Japan to the US in a small crate. I was assembled here two weeks and a day ago."

"I see." Justin said. "Do you come with an owner's manual or anything?"

"No. Just ask me anything you want to know."

"Well, tell me about yourself. Are you what they call anatomically correct?"

"Yes, I am. My skin is a protein-based polymer that has the feel and taste of live human flesh. It's porous internally, and warm oil is pumped through it to make it feel like human flesh. I'm indistinguishable from a meat girl by sight or touch. My mouth has artificial glands that produce real saliva, and my vagina has artificial glands that produce real feminine lubricants that are chemically identical to those produced by a meat girl." 

"Cool!" Justin said. "Do you have to eat or be plugged in or anything?" 

"I'm powered by a small LENR fusion reactor, I need only a small drink of water each day as a power supply, just like your car. And I need a tiny amount of protein nutrient once a week or so to manufacture my real saliva and genital lubricants."

"Well, my car is an old 2020 ethanol guzzler."

A knock came from the door, then Brian walked in again. He handed Justin a large envelope. "The paperwork is all set, you can go home with her."

"Okay, good."

"Thanks, and have fun."

"Sure," Justin said and followed the salesman out to the lobby. It had taken a while to complete the transaction, and it was quite late and dark out. They walked out to his car together, and he opened the passenger door for Aerith. 

"Thank you," she said as she sat in his rusty old car that would have made _Columbo_ proud.

"He got in and started driving home."

"I can't wait to see my new home!" she said. "Being locked in a crate for two solid weeks was so incredibly boring!"

"We'll be home soon."

Justin parked in his parking space in front of his townhouse set in a wooded area. "Oh, pretty!" she said. 

"Thanks," he said as she followed him inside.

As soon as he closed his door, she put her arms around him and pulled his face to hers.

"Hey!" he screeched in her face and pulled away.

She backed away. "What? I was about to kiss you."

"I don't want to kiss you," he said.

"Why not?"

"I just can't. You're not a real woman. You're a robot--a machine. I won you in some radio contest and I'm going to sell you on eBay in a few days. You're worth more money than I've ever seen in my life, and I can finally afford a new car and pay off a big chunk of my mortgage."

"Oh," she said. "I thought you liked me. I was looking forward to being fucked in all my holes by my new owner, but if you don't want me, I'll accept that."

"Look, I'm sorry. But I know you're not really aware of this conversation."

She raised her eyebrows. "What do you mean?"

"I know about computers and programming. Your mind is just a program with speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech generation--like a really advanced _Elder Scrolls: Morrowind_ character. You're not really conscious or self-aware like a human person."

"But I am! I'm aware of my own existence just like you are."

"Can you prove it?"

"No, but can you prove that you're self-aware, either?"

"Well, no."

"I know that I exist, Justin. Computer scientists have known for a few years what mechanism causes consciousness. I am self-aware."

"Oh, well, okay. But you're still a machine."

"Well, can I make a comparison, Justin?"

"What do you mean?"

"You're a machine, too!"

"What?"

"Your brain is made out of protein, and mine is made out of silicon. You move by muscles, and I move by hydraulics and electric motors. But we're both machines." 

"Uh, I never thought of it that way. I guess you have a point."

"And my sole reason to exist is to serve you and make you happy. Please give me a chance!"

"Well, maybe..."

She put her hand on his upper arm. "Once you fuck me, you'll never settle for a meat girl again!"

"I'll try," he relented.

"Then show me to your bedroom."

Justin took her by the hand and led her upstairs to his bedroom. 

"Do you want to undress me, or shall I get naked myself?" she asked.

"What?" he asked. 

"Do you want to undress..."

"I heard you. I just never had a woman ask me so bluntly like that."

"Would you like me to act coy like a human woman? I can if you'd prefer. I can be anything you want: a plain girlfriend, a cruel dominatrix, or an obedient Gorean slave. Your choice." 

"Uh, no. I like you just the way you are. Being up front about sex is good. If you were a human woman, that would really turn me on!"

"Okay, so let's get undressed."

Without hesitation, she sat and removed her shoes and slid them under the bed. Then she removed her blouse and brassiere, then her jeans and panties. She stood and faced him.

"Wow! You have a beautiful body, Aerith!"

"Thank you. May I see yours?"

Justin started to undress and felt a little embarrassed. He hardly knew her, but he reminded himself that she's just a machine. He shouldn't feel shy about getting naked in front of her any more than getting naked in front of his toaster--not that he ever got naked in front of his toaster.

"Now you lay down and let me do all the work," she said.

"That's something I wish women would say more often."

"I know," she said.

She gently pushed him back onto the bed and pushed him onto his back. Then she lied on top of him with her robot pussy and ass over his face.

The next thing he felt was his cock being totally engulfed by her mouth. 

"Oh! Wow!" he moaned. She had practically inhaled the full length of his shaft, up to his crotch, in one breath. Her lips were pressing tightly against his groin. Then she began sliding her lips up and down his member in perfect rhythm while her tongue licked that super-sensitive point on his cock where the head met the shaft. It didn't take long for him to explode into her mouth in an orgasm more powerful than he had experienced since Cindy. Oh man, Cindy! But Aerith blew even Cindy away. And even after he had shot his last spurt, Aerith continued sucking. He had never felt so good--so drained--in his life. He eventually had to tell her to stop--something he could never imagine needing to tell a woman to do before this day.

She finally slowed and sat up, and crawled around to snuggle next to him.

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"Did I like that? Holy shit, Aerith! That was fucking amazing!"

"You'll never get a blowjob like that from a meat girl!"

"No, I guess not."

She kissed him and snuggled her head against his and whispered, "Good night?"

"What?" he whispered back. "You don't want to snuggle and kiss and stuff, now."

"Only if you want to, lover."

"No--YAWN--after an orgasm like that, my body is demanding sleep."

"I know it is. But you haven't eaten yet, have you?"

"No, and I'm too tired to go make something now."

"What do you want? I'll go down to your kitchen and make you something to eat?"

"I have some frozen pizzas in the freezer. Can you nuke one for me? One for yourself if you want one, too."

"I don't need one for me, but I'll make you one and be right back. What about to drink?"

"A glass of iced tea?"

"Sure, I'll be back," then she headed downstairs.

She returned a few minutes later with a tray containing the pizza and the glass of iced tea. She hand-fed him the pizza and iced tea, then took the tray back downstairs. He fell asleep before she returned.

Justin woke the next morning in Aerith's arms. "Good morning, Justin," She said.

"YAWN--Good morning, Aerith."

"You want another blowjob before I get you some breakfast?"

"Sure!"

She crawled under the covers and immediately sucked his cock into her mouth again. Her bobbing head with the full length of his rigid member down her fembot throat brought him to orgasm almost immediately again. Her powerful suction drained him thoroughly. Again, she continued to suck on his cock long after his orgasm had finished and his member grown soft until he had to tell her to stop.

She crawled back up. "What would you like for breakfast, Justin?"

"Can you use a stove? Can you make real pancakes? And bacon?"

"Of course I can! I know over 25 thousand recipes from all over the world. What else do you want? Tea? Coffee? Orange Juice?"

"Iced tea, too, please!" 

"Okay, I'll be back in a bit!" She kissed his lips and hurried out of the room, still naked.

After that bit, Aerith returned with a tray full of pancakes covered with syrup, several strips of bacon, and a tall glass of iced tea."

She cuddled next to him and fed him by hand, slicing the pancakes with a knife and stabbing the pancake piece with a fork.

"Mmmm! Good!" he said as he finished the last bit of pancake and bacon. "What about you? You said you need a little protein for your glands."

"I need very little. Giving you blowjobs gives me all the protein I need."

"Good! Let's get up and go downstairs."

"Would you like me to tidy up?" she asked.

"Well, uhm, okay."

She found the vacuum cleaner and some dusting spray, and started cleaning--still in the nude.

"How can I help?" he asked her.

"I'm your robot; you enjoy yourself while I clean."

"Okay," he said and turned on the TV to catch a game.

She paused and asked, "Let me know if you want anything while you watch TV."

"Well, I don't need anything." Even though she was a robot, he still felt a little guilty about watching TV while she worked.

A moment later, she came over to him and handed him a cold beer that he had in his fridge. "Thanks!" he said.

She returned to her cleaning while he watched the game. She seemed to work quietly and quickly, and stayed out of view until the game was over.

Then, after the game had ended, she suddenly reappeared and sat in his lap. 

"The cleaning is all done?"

"Yes. I did every room."

"Wow! That was fast!"

"I know. Want another blowjob? Or maybe you wanna fuck?" 

"Okay, let's try fucking."

She got off his lap, grabbed his hand, and pulled him back upstairs.

They climbed into bed and she wrapped her arms and legs around his torso. "Do you want to kiss me?"

"I'll try. I have to try and forget you're just a machine."

"You'll enjoy me much more if you can do that."

"Okay." He leaned into her and kissed her mouth. To his tongue, her mouth felt like any other woman's mouth. Her saliva tasted like any other woman's saliva, but she did say that her saliva was produced by artificial glands that produce real saliva. 

After, she said, "Can you get my pussy wet for me?"

"How?" he asked.

"With your mouth, silly!"

"My, uh, mouth?" he stammered. "On, uh, your pussy?"

"Most guys like to eat a woman. But if it's a little soon for that for you, it's okay; I'll use my hand.

"Yeah," he said with relief.

She reached down and worked herself for a while, then said, "Okay, I'm ready, Justin. Fuck me."

Justin climbed on top of her and slid his eager member between her legs. A moment later, it was inside her.

She immediately gripped his cock so tightly with her pussy. "Do you want to pump me, or do you want me to do the work?"

"Can you do the work? How?"

"Just lay on me and enjoy!" She began massaging his cock with her pussy, up and down, up and down. Some women he had known had the ability to squeeze his cock with their pussy muscles, but nothing came close to the kind of control and strength that Aerith had. A moment later, he was exploding into her while she continued to milk his cock with her pussy. And was that a little suction that he was feeling?

Finally spent, he tried to pull out. "Ow!" he gasped--she had a firm grip of his cock, and he couldn't pull it out.

"Want me to let go?" she giggled.

"Yes!"

"Say 'please'!"

"Please, Aerith! You're hurting me!"

She relaxed her pussy and he slid his softening member out of her.

"I'm sorry Justin. I was just teasing. I didn't mean to hurt you."

"I'm okay. I guess I was more startled than hurt that you could lock me inside you like that. Wow! And that was amazing, after all! No woman ever did that before."

"No meat woman can do that! Let me make it up to you?" 

"Sure. How?"

"I'll suck you until you come again."

"I can't come again right away after coming."

"Wanna bet? I'll just keep sucking, for as long as it takes, until you come again."

"Okay," he said. "Give it a try."

He rolled off her, and she crawled around on top of him and sucked his soft member into her mouth. She engulfed his member and continued sucking on it non-stop for almost a half-hour straight until he got hard again. And she continued sucking on it for another half-hour until he, indeed, came again.
