 Femtech Industries Incorporated

"Hi sexy," said Sandy to Carl.

He looked up from the ground where he was sat, surrounded by his few meagre possessions. Was the cute girl mocking him? Was that cruelty in her brown eyes or was it actually a spark of desire? He hadn't been looked at that way in a long time. Was he being set up for a joke?

"Don't talk much, cutie?" she said to him, "I'm not kidding around, you know, I really do think you look like a nice guy."

"If this is some kind of insult?" he asked. She caught the weariness in his voice.

"No insult, hon. You're clearly down on your luck, thought I'd try cheering you up. Or don't you like it when a woman takes the lead?"

Carl was flummoxed. He liked that just fine, but he'd been on the streets for four months now, and it didn't feel like he deserved such praise. Not anymore. 

Sandy spoke again, "I'll see you around, don't be a stranger."

Sandy kept coming back to see him, drawing him out, finding out as much of his story as he would tell. She sized him up. Underneath the dirt and the bad clothes there was a good body there. No drug use to speak of, and he seemed amenable to her always taking the lead. She started bringing him food and water, a few clothes, little things to make his life easier.

Sandy hunted through the streets for Carl, knowing this would be the day. It was dark, cold, wet, and showed no signs of getting any better. The boy's resolve had been weakening these past few weeks; he no longer treated her with the same suspicion he had those first few times. Now they were friends, of sorts. She rounded the corner and spotted him in a doorway.

"Carl! Oh I'm so glad I found you! You must be so cold out here."

"Hi Sandy," said Carl, his teeth chattering, "I'll be fine. Had worse nights."

"I doubt that. Why aren't you in a hostel?"

"Don't get on with any of them who stay there."

"Will you be all right? I'm worried about you, Carl," she said. It was a half-honest thing to say. She had no use for him dead, after all. And it would be a better life than this, at least in most ways.

"I'll be fine."

"I don't think that's true. We're friends, aren't we?"

"Sure we are. You've never asked for anything from me, and you're a good person to bring me all this food. Why?" he asked, suspicion rising.

"Won't you come stay at my house, just until it gets warmer?" Or at least, she thought, until she could have him shipped out.

Carl hesitated. Sandy saw the doubt in his eyes, knew he was wavering. She offered him a flask, filled with hot, steaming tea. He drank some down as he thought it over. Sandy watched for the tell-tale signs, skin flushing, pupils dilating. After less than two minutes, the drugs seemed to have taken effect. They were subtle, gentle things, only reinforcing something the subject already wanted to do.

"Please, Carl, come stay with me."

He suddenly felt the dam inside him break. He really could trust her, couldn't he? It seemed like the logical next step. He got up, gathered his things, and followed her to her car. It was warm inside and he felt like he could almost drift to sleep there and then. Sandy drove her car into the garage, making sure no one was on the dark street to see them enter. She gave Carl a hot meal and more tea, then sent him to bed.

Sandy waited half an hour and then crept upstairs, opening the door to the spare bedroom. Its carefully oiled hinges gave no hint of her entrance, and she moved quietly through the sparsely furnished room to Carl's side. She needn't have taken such care, but in her line of business it paid to be cautious. Carl slept deeply, the extra drugs she had given him now hard at work. She set down her kit bag next to the bed and opened it up.

Sandy pulled the covers aside and cut away Carl's underwear with her shears, exposing a nice cock and balls, which she thought were a bit on the hairy side. She produced heavy shackles from the bag and locked his arms and legs, spread-eagled, to the stout bedposts. Then she had Carl inhale a vapour that would rob him of the ability to speak for the next twelve hours.

Sandy took up a syringe, labelled only "Z". She jabbed it into Carl's backside and pushed down on the plunger, then whispered good night to the sleeping boy. She had used Z on enough males now to know just how to handle a Zombified male. When he woke, she would condition him to be unable to escape for the next three days, while she waited for Fem-tech Industries to collect him. Leaving the helpless captive to sleep, she sent an encrypted email to her boss. Capture complete.

******************

Olivia prepared herself for the final interview. She wanted this job like no other. Femtech never recruited openly; when they had approached her, she had had to sign a lengthy non-disclosure agreement just to get them to tell her they might be interested in hiring her. She knew, now, that they hired just women, engineers mostly, and then only after an extensive and secret background check before the first approach was even made.

She had no problem working for a female-only company. As the superior sex, she thought all businesses should be female-led. Her succession of boyfriends had varied in the extent to which they agreed with her. The best had lasted four months before she had grown bored with him, but she had savoured punishing and humiliating him almost every day. She had taken his anal virginity with her strapon, another notch on its belt. Femtech demanded no attachments from its prospective employees, so she had gotten rid of him. She had fed information on him to another local domme, even a few pictures. A few weeks later, she had received some back - he seemed happy as that domme's newest slave, which was just as well. As far as Olivia could tell, his new position in the domme's household was a permanent one.

Olivia adjusted her suit and waited to be called in. There didn't seem to be any other candidates attending today, so she wasn't quite sure what the wait was for. She hitched up her knee length black leather boots, which made her feel powerful, desirable. They matched her hair too, black against her pale skin. Her mind wandered to the time she had given a spanking wearing the outfit, but she brought her thoughts back on track. A few minutes later, she was called in.

Olivia went through into the interview room, at the back of a small office, obviously rented temporarily by Femtech. She was pleased to find the two interviewers, both female, obviously, to be dressed much as she was. They motioned her to sit down and ran through her work experience and qualifications; both impressive for one so young.

"I'll be honest with you, Olivia," said the lead recruiter, a tall asian woman who had introduced herself as Julie, "we already know you're qualified. But I want to ask you some more personal questions to see if you'd be the right fit for us. Would that be OK?"

"That would be fine, Julie," said Olivia, smiling.

"Excellent, thank you. What do you think of men, Olivia?"

Olivia paused, taking the time to think about her response. She knew that Femtech had done some digging into her background. How far had they gone? What kind of question was this, anyway? It was a strange interview, but then it was a strange company, operating in the shadows. She still didn't know what they actually made, only that it required skilled engineers. She breathed in and decided to answer honestly. 

"I think they're the inferior sex," she said, relieved to be able to to just say it out loud. Both interviewers nodded in response.

"Go on," said Julie, "please tell me more."

"Where do I start?" she laughed, "It's just so obvious. They're less intelligent, less empathetic, much more suited to follow than to lead. They've messed up this whole world, suppressed countless women of potential, and for what? So they can keep having the same pissing contest all over again."

The interviewer skilfully drew Olivia out on the finer points of male inferiority. She confirmed that Olivia thought just as they did, that all men should serve under female leadership. That the world as it stood was unjust. That it would take a revolution to turn things around.

"What makes you want to work for Femtech?"

"You give female engineers like me a real chance, it seems. That's enough."

"Let me tell you a little more about Femtech," said the lead interviewer. By this time, the only exit to the interview room was guarded by four well-trained women, armed with cattle prods and tasers. They kept themselves very quiet, so the interviewee would never know they were just beyond the door.

"Femtech wants women to lead. To lead everything, that is. We're a female-led engineering firm, and we specialise in technologies of male control and restraint."

"What?" said Olivia, stunned. 

"Technologies that, when used on male humans, can bring them under female control. Technologies of restraint that can prevent male violence. Drugs that can turn a man obedient, for a short time. Inventions that harness men - sometimes quite literally - to the female will. Technologies we want you to develop, improve, reinvent."

"Oh," said Olivia, then fell silent. She had fantasised about such a world, even written a manifesto for such a society and published it anonymously on the web. Now she found that a group of women not only thought like she did, but had done something about it.

"How do you develop these technologies?" asked Olivia.

"We test them on slaves. I myself own four men. A slave would be provided to you if you were offered a job with us."

"When you say slaves, do you mean volunteers, men who want to be slaves?"

"A few are volunteers, lifelong members of the femdom community who our recruiters picked up. Many are not - we enslave men, against their will. It's a for a greater good. Let me give you a minute to process this."

"No need," said Olivia, "sign me up. That is, if you're offering me a job. And I think you'd be a fool not to."

The interviewer smiled. She looked to her colleague, who nodded her assent. 

"Indeed we would, Olivia. Now, there is some unpleasantness next. Our business is criminal. We already scanned you for bugs when you came in, and you have been followed for months, so we know you are not working for the authorities. However, that's no guarantee you wouldn't have a change of heart. 

"I need you to do a few things for me. I need to question you under the influence of sodium pentathol, and using an advanced polygraph of our own design. When that's done, I need to send you home with some, well, some guards, who will help you pack, and will not leave your side until you fly out to our compound in America. 

Will you consent to all this? You do have one other option - we can administer amnesia right now, wiping your short-term memory for the last few hours. You'd wake up in hospital, being told you'd passed out during the interview. So, make your choice: leave your old life behind - we already know you've no attachments or family to speak of - or forget this ever happened."

"I'm in!" said Olivia. She had never been more sure of anything.

"Well, then," said the interviewer, "let's get you started."

******************

Marie admired the handsome twenty-year old boy kneeling worshipping her pussy, his arms and legs tied up with climbing rope, so that he was quite helpless. These backpackers were so easy, she thought, that it was almost funny. He had been hiking through the forest alone, along rarely used trails. She had met him there, on one such path, having tracked him for days.

Dean, yes, she remembered his name now, flicked his tongue over her clit so divinely, sending pulses of heat through her body. She had tracked a dozen candidates just like him, submissive down to the bone, and likely to travel soon. This one had been in the right place at the right time. She had seduced him easily, travelling alongside him, steering him cleverly towards her cabin, with the helicopter landing site so near. The tall, slim, brown-haired boy didn't know what he'd let himself in for, but would find out soon.

She let him worship her to a shattering orgasm then played with his cock, edging him several times over the course of an hour. He was begging to be allowed to cum by then, truly begging. The fear was just starting to show in his eyes. He realised he really couldn't get out of the ropes she had bound him with. Her knots were sturdy, and the rope was strong. He wasn't going anywhere until she let him.

"I'll let you cum if you lick me to another orgasm," said the slaver to her captive.

He agreed readily, diving into her pussy with his tongue, driving her wild with the youthful eagerness of his worship. She came hard, then had him lick her clean. When she was finished with him, she pushed him down onto the floor, where he collapsed in a heap. The ropes held fast, biting into his skin. They burned as he struggled against them, to no end.

Marie went over to her bag, quite naked, and took out a tranquilliser gun. She aimed it in the moonlight and hit the shrieking male squarely in the buttock. He slumped down, passed out in seconds. She took her time caging him, getting rid of his pubic hair and locking up his cock as she went. Then she signalled the helicopter to land. They loaded the naked, caged male onboard and flew to their private airstrip, where they redirected to Femtech's base. 

Marie wondered if the boy would be a personal slave for a new member of staff, or a test subject. Perhaps a bit of both. When she got back to Femtech's compound, she had her own slave draw her bath, then fucked him with her strapon until she practically passed out from exhaustion. She had missed the company of a male who truly knew his place, just as he had missed the presence of his owner, whose strapon he had accepted like a gift from his goddess. Now that she had reconnected with the slaveboy, she didn't want him in her bed that night. She caged him and slept soundly, safe again in the embrace of Femtech's isolated, female-ruled grounds. 

*******************

Olivia stepped off the private plane and onto the tarmac of Femtech's landing strip, nestled in a wide expanse of forest and farmland, quite cut off from the rest of society. On the flight in, she had seen private roads, steep cliffs and checkpoints kept visitors away, and the company paid its taxes just like any other, staying off the radar of the authorities. 

Femtech's compound was a clump of glass domes, each hundreds of yards across. They let in the light but were impenetrable to satellites or long lenses. All the privacy Femtech would ever need was contained in those domes. The usefulness of Femtech's medical and restraint systems to countries around the world meant no one was willing to ask too many questions about how they were developed. 

A stunning black woman approached Olivia in a jeep, pulling up next to the plane. A male hopped out of the jeep behind her, fully clothed. When Olivia peered closer, she could see something implanted into his neck - a subdermal collar that could shock and disable the slave in an instant. Olivia was impressed.

"Welcome, Olivia. This is my personal slave, Jack. He'll take your bags. How was your flight?"

"It was wonderful, thank you. Very relaxing."

Olivia had been waited on hand and foot by a naked male slave, who had served her every whim. He had brought her food and wine, all delicious and high-quality, then gave her two of the best orgasms she had ever had. When the plane had been about to land, he had apologised for the distress it might cause her to see him get dressed again. He was broken to the female will and knew his true place was naked and leashed, but Femtech couldn't risk a single satellite catching an image of a naked slave. A male could only display his true purpose - slavery - behind closed doors or inside Femtech's large domes.

"My name's Marie," said the woman who had come to greet Olivia, "let's get going to the compound." She had her slave load Olivia's bags into the jeep then set off towards one of the peripheral domes, where Olivia's quarters were located.

"We'll get you settled in as soon as we can. Can I run over the ground-rules with you one more time?"

Olivia sighed, but relented, "Of course. Please do."

"Thanks. I'm sorry to keep drumming these into you, but they're for your protection as much as ours. For the next two years, your only contact with the outside world will be to send supervised emails and text messages. This is to ensure your loyalty. We find some of our women waver in the first year of working for us, but never by the end of the second. 

"Respect other women's property, by which I principally mean their males. If you see a woman harm or torture a male, that is her right. Jack?"

"Yes, mistress?" said the eager slave to his owner.

She simply laughed and pressed a button on a remote control. Jack's body convulsed with pain as his collar shocked him repeatedly.

"Thank you for punishing me, mistress," said the shaken slaveboy once he had caught his breath.

"That's a good boy, Jack. See, Olivia? They understand what they are. He's my property and it's my right to treat him just as I like."

"I see," said Olivia. She was already getting a little wet again. "When do I get a slave?"

Marie laughed, "You'll be able to pick one soon enough. But let's stay focused. Ground-rules again. You are restricted to the domes and the immediate surroundings, in a radius of four miles. The anklet you agreed to wear is impossible to remove for the next two years and will disable you if you breach that perimeter. Sorry. It's a necessary evil.

"If you decide to leave our employment, we can wipe your memory of up to two years. Such a decision is irrevocable - no one makes it lightly."

"I'm not going anywhere," said Olivia. She felt like she had come home.

"Food is provided free of charge, but alcohol, drugs, clothes and other sundries need to be paid for from your wages. You are required to apprentice with at least two different departments during your time here, and are encouraged to take on secondments with as many areas as you can. You never know what hidden talents you might discover. I started out as an engineer like you, but my real passion is capturing men in the wild. It's just a different kind of problem solving, really."

"So you get to go out there and enslave males?"

"Oh yes! I take a few a year. The rest of the time I train the new ones, or work abroad demonstrating our products to clients. There are half a dozen like me - we occasionally break our males, you see, so we need fresh ones coming in. And every time we take on a new employee, she needs a slave too."

"I'm looking forward to that part," said Olivia, as her eyes roved over Jack's well-developed body. She wondered if all the slaves looked this good.

Marie thought for a few seconds. "I guess that's really the main ground-rules we wanted to emphasise," she said, pulling the jeep up to the dome's entrance. 

She led them inside, having her slave follow with Marie's bags. The doors opened automatically at her approach - though never at the approach of an unaccompanied male. The first thing that hit Olivia was the heat. The air inside the domes was maintained at a pleasant level, slightly humid, higher than room temperature. Marie clicked her fingers and Jack slipped out of his overalls in a flash, baring every inch of his body to the women's eyes.

He folded the overalls neatly and stowed them in a cupboard next to the entrance, then picked up Olivia's bags again. Her eyes drifted down to his cock. It was locked in a chastity device of some sort, formed of a metal mesh that was almost transparent. His right hip was branded with Femtech's logo, and on his belly was tattooed 'Slave 2769'. 
