 The elf king Savawisda's surprise attack on the army of goblins marching through the elf wood was executed with perfection. With the able assistance of the horde of human barbarians from the north, the two allied forces almost completely decimated the goblins. If it had not been the untimely appearance of the mountain trolls coming to the aid of the goblins the elf victory would have been complete. The elves had just begun to celebrate when the trolls crashed into them, scattering the short-statured elves and their human friends all about. 

Lady Feymina, daughter of the king, found herself being pursued through the forest by a particularly nasty troll that would not give up the chase. It had been almost an hour before she was able to pause for more than a moment and listen for signs of pursuit. She cursed herself for being foolish enough to think she could take on a mountain troll single-handed. At almost twice her height and many times stronger, it was only Feymina's considerable speed and agility that had kept her alive this long. Somehow she had lost her sword in the chase and was now armed only with her family dagger and a long bow. This was bad enough, but only six arrows remained her in quiver. She paused with her back against a tree. In the distance she could hear the heavy tramping of the troll. It had caught her scent and would now not give up until it or she was dead. Relying only on her bow and speed would now save her. 

She closed her eyes and nocked an arrow on the string. The troll's thick hide would protect it from most normal injury. Its eyes were its weakest spot and she would need to land an arrow there if she wanted to live. Taking a deep breath Feymina stepped out from behind her tree to let the monster see her in the dim afternoon light. Its yellow eyes light up with delight once he spotted her. In an instant it fell into a long loping run. Calming herself she allowed the monster to cross half the forest clearing before firing her first shaft. It flew true and would have slayed the monster if it had not ducked its head a the last moment when something else flew out of the wood at the monster. The arrow glanced off the troll's thick bony skull. She cursed and started firing the other five arrows out of her quiver, but the monster was so close now and its head was moving to spoil her aim. 

The last arrow remained on the string until the troll was close enough for her to see the bits of metal it had embedded in its hide to prove its courage and bravery. It opened its hideous maw to bite her and she let loose the last arrow. It sprouted from the creature's left eye socket and the troll tumbled to the ground, coming to a rest at her feet, dead. A smile of relief and satisfaction crossed her face, but was tempered a moment later when she saw a heavy axe protruding from the troll's back. 

Feymina's hand went to her quiver, but found it empty. Another curse escape her lips and she pulled the dagger from her belt and waited for an attack.

"If I had wanted you dead, I would have let the troll kill you," came the voice of one of the barbarians who had assisted the elves in their attack on the goblins.

"What are you doing here!" she demanded of him.

"Killing trolls," he said simply. He was a tall man with a scraggly beard and shaggy hair. She had only rarely seen humans during her lifetime but knew enough about them to see he was fairly young for one of his race and if he wasn't filthy with sweat, blood and dirt he would have been almost attractive by elven standards. Typical of his race and brethren he wore leather pants and no shirt. A small wooden shield was buckled to his arm and a sling was stuffed into his belt. He walked up to the troll and yanked his axe out of the bloody carcass. Up close he was no better looking than at a distance. Brown hair covered his chest and matched that on his head. How unlike elves humans were. She herself was fine figured and slender, a shower of golden hair tumbled down her back. No elf grew hair on their faces or bodies like a human. Spying the sling in his belt a realization came over her.

"It was you who caused the troll to duck and my shot to go awry," she cried in anger.

He touched his forehead in an act of contrition. "My apologies. But I did make up for it by killing the creature for you."

"You did not! I fired the shot that killed the beast." She kicked the monster's head indicating the arrow that now protruded both fore and aft of the troll's skull. 

He opened his mouth to disagree, but then they both heard more footsteps from where they had fled. 

"Quickly," she commanded. "Back into the wood. Follow me."

The barbarian wanted to make the point he had done just as much as her to kill their enemy, but both her lacking any effective missile weapons—he knew that if the troll had not been fixated on her he never would have been able to sink his axe into its back—that were best to use against trolls so he decided to flee with her. Hopefully the trolls would soon give up the chase.

It was late into the evening before Feymina judged they were safe again. This was a part of the wood she had never been to before, though it was still territory protected by her father's rule. "Do you know where we are?" the barbarian puffed as they took a moment's rest.

"No," she replied hazily. Although elves' endurance was much greater than that of humans even she was now becoming tired after a day of fighting and running. "But we are still in my family's wood. We will be safe shortly. See that mark?" she asked, pointing to a tiny rune carved into an oak tree.

The barbarian glanced at it and nodded. "Yeah?"

Her lips curled back at his crudity. "It shows me where there is shelter. It's not far. Come!" she commanded and slipped into the forest again.

He pushed himself up off the ground where he had thrown himself and followed her. It wasn't so bad, running after her, he thought. Although more slender than he liked and barely four feet tall, the ass of the elf maiden was a joy to watch as she walked and ran over the forest floor.

They hadn't traveled far before she announced they had arrived, pushed aside some branches and promptly disappeared. 

"Where are you?" he called out.

"Just push the leaves aside, you'll see."

Mimicking her motions he pushed aside the leave and was suddenly inside a small space hidden from the rest of the forest. Even for one as skilled in forest lore as himself, he would have missed the hidden room. It wasn't a cave, but an open air chamber concealed by carefully grown trees, bushes and vines: an elf circle.

"Clever," he complimented. She ignored him and quickly set to gathering supplies hidden among the rocks and trees in the circle. She quickly loaded her empty quiver with arrows and found a spare sword secreted within a tree's hollow. Food and other supplies were also pulled out of their storage spaces and somehow she started a small fire in the middle of the circle simply by waving her hand over the pile of rocks placed carefully there.

"How did you do that?" gasped the warrior.

"Magic," she smiled, looked at the flames jumping up from the rocks. It burned without smoke or wood and he marveled at it.

"I'll never underestimate the power of elves," he breathed.

"See that you don't," she said with dread implications.

"This is the perfect hiding place. A troll could be right outside and we'd never bee in danger."

"Perfect except for one thing," she said softly.

"What's that," he asked absently, sitting down staring at the magic yellow flames and feeding himself some of the travel bread and nuts she had given him.

"Tonight is Equinox. King Savawisda timed his attack to coincide with tonight so that our celebrations would be doubled. I'll not be able to celebrate with my family and friends." She sat down next to him on one of the rough stools placed around the fire. 

"We'll celebrate right here," the barbarian announced. "We'll celebrate being alive and the death of the trolls and goblins."

"How?" she asked angrily and glumly. Feymina knew he was simply trying to raise her spirits, but the simple human didn't understand.

"We have fire and food and life. That's all we need to celebrate."

The elf shook her head. "For an elf to celebrate Equinox...it must be a carnal celebration."

He looked at her, uncomprehending for a minute. "What do you mean?"

"Elves fuck on Equinox," she told him bluntly and then looked up at the rapidly darkening night. "Assuming the trolls have been vanquished and I ran as fast as I could back to our camp, I would barely get there before sunrise. It will be too late."

"It's not the end of the world," the human said softly.

"It is for an elf!" she cried out, jumping up and stalking around the fire. The elf circle wasn't more than five human strides across and it barely gave her room to pace. She could feel the influence of the seasons already taking hold of her. Her eyes blazed and she ran her hands up her long pointed ears. "I need to fuck tonight," she cried out in anger and frustration. Eventually her gaze settled on the human barbarian sitting quietly at the fire. "You'll do," she announced because there was no other option.

"What?"

"Get your pants off," she ordered. In a moment she was stripping off her leather armor and jersey. Before he knew it she was naked before him and he was fascinated. Her long blonde hair had come completely loose from the band she had used to keep it back, but her ears still pointed out from the heavy tresses. An elf's natural coloring wasn't completely pale like a human's but emanated a slightly yellow glow. Her skin was flawless and hairless except for her eyebrows. Not even the tiniest hint of pubic hair grew between her legs. The breasts she carried were small and compact, but perfectly formed, the light pink nipples pointing just slightly upwards. It was a beauty and perfection not seen in human women.

"Why aren't you moving!" she demanded. "Take off your clothes!" Startled into action he stood up and dropped his weapons off his belt then slowly pushed down his pants revealing his already thickening cock. In an instant she was on her knees before him, taking his cock into her tiny mouth. He was so unlike male elves, she thought, bigger and hairy, musky with the smell of human sweat. It was different and she decided to enjoy it.

The barbarian was surprised at her cocksucking skills. Her tongue swirled around his shaft as if following some ritual that went along with the Equinox celebration. He looked down at the small elf maiden—no, woman, not maiden, he corrected himself, she was obviously no virgin—and marveled at the beauty of her face, her tilted eyes and arched eyebrows. Her lips were cherry red and then formed a perfect O as they engulfed his cock pumping in and out of her mouth.

The sudden shock of the situation and her talented tongue was bringing about his orgasm quicker than usual. "Stop or I'll cum too soon," he protested.

"You'll cum many times tonight," she promised and resumed her fellatio. Moments later he erupted into her mouth and she swallowed his seed. Even the horis in his tribe didn't do that and he was fascinated by the action.

Feymina let his cock slip from her mouth and stood up next to him She barely came up to his chest but that didn't seem to matter. "Lay down," she ordered. "We have much to do."

Exhausted from her mouth work, the barbarian had neither the inclination or strength to complain. He stretched out his form next to the magical fire and watched as she rummaged through another hidden storage trunk. Moving quickly so that he didn't protest, she took a set of leather thongs and wrapped them around his wrists and tied them off to projections on the edge of the hidden circle. Suddenly he was unable to freely move his arms. Puzzlement crossed his face as she repeated the process with his ankles leaving him practically immobile, spread-eagled on the ground.

"Why are you doing this?" he asked.

"You've never fucked an elf before," was her only explanation. "It's to protect you." With that she knelt down above him, her pussy just inches over his face while her mouth found its way down to his cock again. "Make me cum with your tongue and mouth," she commanded. Compelled, he lifted up his head and tentatively licked along her hairless slit.

This was an activity normally reserved for female clan members to perform on each other, for no man would deign to debase himself with such indignity, but the scent of her ripe pussy just above him was all he needed to change his mind. He tilted his head up and reached out with his tongue. The taste of her musk was the closest he would ever come to touching a goddess. With lips and tongue and eagerness he set to exploring her hairless cunt. Almost instantly her lubrication started flowing and an unexpected moan escaped the elf's lips. She didn't let this stop her from lowering her cunt down closer to his face and grasping his cock in her hand. The strokes she used were firm and long. An involuntary shudder passed over his body.

He quickly learned his way around her nether region. She shivered every time he passed his tongue over her tiny pink protruding clit, moans erupted when he softly bit at the tender flesh of her vulva, and an enthusiastic round of squirming occurred when his tongue circled around her tiny tan asshole. When she occasionally moved her hips up, he was treated to a glimpse of the insides of her thighs and noted a tiny green tattoo imprinted near the top of her left leg. It was right next to the joint of her leg and the complexity of the interlocking knot was a marvel to behold, even in the short views he was given when she rose up for some relief from his tongue. 

It was impossible to tell how long he worked his way into her cunt and he truly didn't care, even with his arms and legs bound, trapped in the middle of the forest. She woke him from his worship of her cunt with words rasping out of her throat. 

"I'm going to cum in a minute. Whatever you do, don't stop, and don't waste my gift,"

He grunted his assent, even if he didn't fully understand, and made no motion to stop.

It started with a low keening that gathered strength as her orgasm approached. He had never heard such a sound before and realized it must be how elves voiced their pleasure during sex. Then it happened when her cry suddenly stopped. A rush of fluid came pouring out of her pussy. There was a moment of uncertainly as to what was happening and Feymina used that time to crush her pussy over his mouth and scissor lock her ankles behind his head, effectively keeping his face buried in her cunt. At first he thought she was pissing on him, but then realized the scent and flavor was wrong. Then he thought it was a flood of her natural lubricating juices coming out at once. Then he started to swallow her offerings and he knew the truth.

The thick liquid stirred his cock and he was almost instantly hard. He had been certain he would fuck the beautiful elf tonight, but her bodily wine had caused a burning in him that needed to be released. He strained against his bonds and continued swallowing her offering for it was divine. 

"Swallow it all," she ordered him, now sitting up so she could drain directly into his mouth. "You'll need it to keep up your strength."

It was as if a fountain of desire was flowing from between her legs and would not stop. The barbarian had already drunk his fill and still more welled out of her blessed pussy. Just when he was certain he would drown happy and content under her smooth cunt, the flow stopped, but his passion was still inflamed. Sensing she was done, Feymina unlocked her legs and dismounted his face. The moment she did he tried to break free of his restraints.

"Even elf men have trouble controlling themselves after partaking of the goddess's offering. I wasn't sure if I could convert your human seed, but apparently elves and humans aren't all that different. I'll mount you in a moment. But know this, we'll be mating all night and in the morning you will be exhausted." She smiled down at him, her long pointed ears poking out from her silky hair. He wondered if he would survive the night.

She stood over him, her shapely firm legs on either side of his hips. He strained upward, trying to get his cock into her cunt. A throaty laugh mocked him, but he didn't care. Even forcing his hips as high as he could, he was still more than two feet away from his goal, her smooth pussy decorated by the strange knotted tattoo.

Moving swiftly like she always did when handling a dangerous beast she squatted down, gripped his thick cock in her hand and guided it into her cunt. That was all the encouragement he needed. Slamming his hips up and down as she squatted over him, only her feet on the ground, balanced on his cock like an erotic tripod, he hammered in and out of her slick cunt with inhuman speed. It took less than a minute for him to erupt inside her pussy, his thick white semen flooding up and then flowing back down. This gave him pause as he rested his hips, the breath tore in and out of his lungs, his body felt used but energized.

"The first orgasm after the drink is the hardest," she told him, settling down to a more seemly position, her knees now on the ground. Her hand reached down to the joining of their cock and cunt and she picked up a few drops of his cum. Her tongue touched the flavorful offering and her almond shaped eyes closed as she enjoyed the taste. It was only now that he noticed his cock was still hard, as if he hadn't cum at all.

She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. He kissed back, somewhat surprised at the action. She broke free first, but then lazed her tongue around his lips and cheeks, licking up the last bits of her own wetness.

"More?" was all he could think to ask. She nodded with an innocent smile. This time they moved together, her hips going up and down to meet his. This piece of slamming lasted longer but the ending was the same, he sprayed his semen inside her tight soppy cunt and then they took a minute's rest before resuming their mating.

This time she leaned back, letting her feet come to a rest on either side of his head, her back was arched and her long hair tickled his knees. They moved slower now, the sex was now less fucking and more love making, as if they were old lovers reunited after a long separation. There was so much semen in her pussy, the barbarian could barely feel any friction within her at all, but somehow he still managed another orgasm into her pink hairless pussy.

After his third eruption within her, she leaned forward and kissed him again. He was exhausted and told her he couldn't move. "That's okay, I'll do all the work this time." True to her word, she initiated and controlled their fourth coupling, but this time turning away from him, presenting her sculpted buttocks and tiny tan asshole for his eyes to watch. He could barely feel his cock now, but his body knew what to do. Another wash of cum soon filled her overflowing cunt.

He lost track of how many more times they coupled that night and was certain he passed out more than once, only to be reawakened by her lips—sometimes pussy, sometimes facial—on his cock or mouth. When the sun dawned the next morning, he had been released from his bonds and she was curled up next to him, a blanket covering them both. 

Curious, although he was sexually spent, he reached down between her legs and ran his hand over her cunt. It was smooth and still wet, though at the edges of the wetness, there were flakes of drying semen. She didn't stir. He examined his own cock and saw that it was still attached and apparently in good working order. He sighed in contentment and struggled to his feet.

As he was getting dressed Feymina woke up and watched him.
