 "You're ready to go, Kyle," the Chief Researcher informed me, handing me a large envelope. "You've passed all the tests, and the nanotech is working perfectly in our controlled environments here. Now you're free to go do the field testing." 

I knew what "field testing" meant. During the three weeks I had spent at the Nanotech Research Consortium's planetary headquarters, I had in essence been a guinea pig for sex while my apartment had been packed full of video and sound recording devices, supposedly so that there was no place -- other than the half-bath -- where I could not been seen and heard. 

Specifically, I and my partners could be seen and heard virtually everywhere in the apartment. 

The trick was finding partners to bring home for the "field testing." 

The Nanotech Research Consortium had used nanotechnology to enhance various aspects of life for Humans, Grovenes, and Yvians alike, but this special project was one which no one in the general public and very few people in the government knew about beyond perhaps an unfounded rumor. Funded one hundred percent by private monies, the goal of this project was to extend the sexual encounter for Humans, since the average sex session for the Grovenes lasted nearly two full hours, with the Yvians averaging about one hundred minutes. Faced with those averages, many Humans were very interested in prolonging the sexual experience to match or beat the times set by our sister races in the Federation of Intelligent Species. 

I was one of the lucky few to be part of this unofficial experiment. 

I knew the easiest way to "get some" so the "field testing" could begin. I had barely been home for three minutes when I stood before the videophone, making arrangements with Jasmine. 

Two hours later, she appeared at the door. 

Three minutes later, after such a long time apart, we were kissing and touching, and I felt the nanotech beginning to work. The lengthening and the thickening were a bit slower than normal, but as had been discovered at the NRC facility, that was one of the trade-offs. Since Jasmine and I were still fully clothed, she did not notice the difference, but I did, which caused me to prolong the foreplay beyond the typical two minutes she and I would often enjoy, given that Jasmine much preferred the actual sex, the actual penetration. 

She finally took the initiative, beginning to undress me. By that time, my erection had reached its maximum size, and the throbbing was visible as she knelt before me, grasping me and quickly sucking on my dripping tip as if it was an old-style lollipop. Although I had not seen Jasmine for nearly two full months, it was clear that she had not lost her expertise, for her tongue pleasured me in ways no other woman could ever hope to emulate. 

Even as she continued to bob her head and entice me, Jasmine began to undress, stopping only when she needed to stand to remove the micro skirt and the thong, leaving the heeled boots in place so that she could be at almost my height when I took her in my arms and backed her toward the wall as I kissed her with growing desire. 

That was when the nanotech truly began to do its job, for I turned her around to face the wall, and she assumed the position as if she was about to be frisked by a frisky City Security officer. I plunged swiftly into her dripping body, surprised that she was already so wet even though I had not gone down on her this time. 

There was no slow, sensual lovemaking, no docile caresses along her spine, no soft kisses to her shoulders, no gentle rubbing of her clitoris, and no romantic fondling of her breasts. Instead, I seized the young woman's hips and rutted into her, growling lowly as I plundered her eager body. 

The staff at the Nanotech Research Consortium must certainly have been enjoying themselves watching as Jasmine and I fucked. From having recorded some of our previous couplings, I knew that the swaying of her breasts would be mesmerizing the NRC staff, especially if they had set up a low-angle camera aimed along that particular wall of the small living room. 

Very quickly, she was wailing. Jasmine had been known at the university as one of the best screamers amongst the Humans, and she was once again proving herself quite worthy of that title as she tested the sound-nullification technologies I had had installed in the apartment shortly after the move-in. Having been raised in a multilingual family, I understood the carnal obscenities from three different languages between her cries of lust. 

Her first orgasm was swift, a strong testament to just how long it had been since I had last given her what her nymphomaniac body needed. I kept pounding her, ordering her to "Cum for me!" and she did, twice more. 

The pace naturally slowed, yet my erection was still strong, still throbbing. While I had become somewhat accustomed to it, I could feel my testicles growing slightly heavier and slightly larger as the nanotech increased the sperm count within me. I did not feel like I was at all close to orgasm, and I reached up to grasp Jasmine's lengthy hair to wrap it around a fist and pull. 

That was usually the sign that I was nearing my own climax, but she peaked once, twice, thrice more, and I was still pulling, still not feeling the need to inseminate her. 

However, I withdrew from her dripping body, drawing her to me for a brief embrace before turning her and bending her over the arm of a comfortable chair. The reentry was hard, violent, and with a renewed sense of purpose, I reamed her, pausing occasionally so we could catch our breath for a moment but otherwise ensuring that her screams continued. 

And so it went, through at least a half-dozen positions, and when at last I felt the primal urge to stake my claim to this particular woman, I held her heels and stared down into her eyes, savagely entrapping her with my gaze, and with one final thrust, I erupted inside her, the torrents of lust so powerful that they clearly stung her and also caused me enough discomfort to grimace as my copious passion filled her. 

Neither of us mentioned the unusual length of the session until just before she left. As she stood at the door and asked, I simply said, "It's a high-priority secret, but I don't know how much longer it'll be a secret, but I can assure you that I won't tell." 

The challenge in Jasmine's eyes was almost tangible, and I knew that she would enjoy trying to extract the secret from me. To this day, she has yet to succeed, which is good, because just as much as any of the actual paid staff at the Nanotech Research Consortium, I want to see the shock on the faces of the Grovenes and Yvians when the results of this study are finally published and released to the general populace.