 Molly Bergen was dying. She'd been told a few months ago that her lung cancer had entered the final stage and there was nothing modern medicine could do except make her as comfortable as possible. Molly wasn't afraid; in fact she awaited her end with a mixture of relief and anticipation. She was 67 years old, in poor health and with no family to live for after her adored husband of 35 years and 32 year-old daughter were both killed by a drunk driver eleven years ago. Molly yearned for the Grim Reaper the way a young child waits for Santa Claus to come down the chimney with his bag of Christmas presents.

Molly had a light supper - she didn't eat much anymore - and went into the family room to watch a bit of TV. She flipped through the channels until she happened on a cable network show where a young woman living in a big city seduced man after man in her quest for good times and an easy life. This woman lived in a very nice apartment and had tasteful and expensive-looking clothes and yet she had no apparent means of support. Molly guessed the men the young woman used kept her in the style to which she had become accustomed. Molly smiled a sad smile as she recalled her own life in the years before she met Roger Bergen, the man she married and with whom she had a lovely daughter.

Molly couldn't make herself stop watching that show. It had been many years since she had thought about her past life, but the events on the TV screen brought it all back. 

Molly had just turned 18 when an 18 year-old neighbor boy talked her into playing a card game where the loser removed an article of clothing. She was still quite naive and it didn't register in her mind what the likely outcome would be. On the other hand, the boy, Hal, was a pro at this game, having played it with other girls. From his perspective, whether he won or lost the card game, he always won the big prize. They began playing and Hal lost the first three rounds. He removed his shoes, socks and shirt. Molly imagined she would win the game. Unlike most other girls her age, she'd never seen a naked man and was very curious about it. But then Hal won 4 out of 5 rounds and Molly soon found herself in bra and panties. She was now frightened, but Hal acted nice and took losing the next 2 rounds calmly. He was now clad only in a pair of briefs. Molly lost the next play and had to remove either her bra or her panties. She took off the bra and quickly covered her breasts with one arm. 

It was down to one last play after which either Molly or Hal would be naked. Hal lost. He rose and slipped off his underwear and stood nude before Molly. She was fascinated by his penis and testicles and Hal took advantage of her curiosity. He convinced Molly to touch his penis and then stroke it back and forth. It quickly hardened in her hand. Then Hal asked Molly to kiss the tip. She was very unsure about this, but curiosity got the better of her and she did as he asked. She liked it and without encouragement held the head of his dick between her lips. Hal quietly told her to take it in deeper and to stroke it with her mouth like she just did with her hand. Molly did and in a short time he erupted into her mouth. Molly was surprised, but realized the fluid felt nice and warm and smooth and the taste wasn't so bad. She swallowed it. Hal couldn't believe how good this girl was. She was a born cocksucker! 

Molly was now feeling quite horny. She removed her panties and Hal positioned his face 'down there'. Molly objected and said it was dirty. Hal responded that she had just sucked his penis with no concern whether it was 'dirty' or not! Molly mumbled an OK and was soon lost in waves of sexual delight spreading from between her legs. Later she lost her virginity to Hal. She loved Hal and thought he was in love with her, but Molly soon realized she was just another conquest he could brag about. 

Molly's experience with Hal awakened her sexuality. She was hooked! Molly learned how easy it was to pick up men and suck and fuck them without a second thought, not that they ever complained! One of those men popped her anal cherry and Molly found she loved that as much as having a cock in her cunt. On her 21st birthday Molly's 'Dick Book' included nearly 400 entries where she listed each lover by name, address, occupation, marital status (including wife's name), income status, physical attributes, and how he rated as a lover. Molly had lots of power over men, and all she needed was the willingness to use her body. If a guy wanted to have her, she made him 'earn' the chance. Some gave her money, others non-cash gifts (they started small, but quickly grew in value) and for the rest it was the promise of some future token of appreciation. Molly used her 'Dick Book' to keep her men friends in line and to remind them of their obligations toward her. It was all so easy and uncomplicated!

On the day she met her future husband, Molly began early in the morning and by mid-afternoon she had been with four men, two orally and vaginally, one orally and anally and the fourth in all three holes. That fourth guy excited her tremendously. He had the longest and thickest penis she'd ever experienced. When she sucked him she thought her jaws would become unhinged. Molly did her best to deep-throat him and she imagined the head and shaft of his cock gliding in and out of her gullet. When he came, it was very thick and very hot and very salty and it set off Molly's own massive orgasm. She used all her finely honed skills to keep that precious semen in her mouth so she could savor the taste as his load made its way down her throat. He then quickly lay on his back and positioned Molly over his still erect cock so she could impale herself on his massive organ. Her pussy was stretched like it had never been before, and Molly had had many big men. 

Up and down she rode his penis and it was all over for her in seconds. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she let out a primal moan and animal roar as her second orgasm overwhelmed her. He responded by pumping a huge volume of sperm into her sex canal. Molly couldn't imagine they could go on, but his cock refused to go limp. He flipped her onto her stomach and raised her butt. He used some of the come flowing out of Molly's pussy to lubricate the head of his cock as he positioned himself against her anal opening and very slowly pushed in, letting Molly feel each exquisite moment of pain and pleasure. Her ass was more full than ever in her life! It seemed an eternity before she felt his pubic hairs tickling against her butt cheeks. He thrust in and out for several minutes. With each stroke Molly felt a searing pain mixed with intense physical enjoyment. Much too soon he let loose with a huge load filling her intestines. It was then the best ass fucking of Molly's life! Her climax was indescribably powerful. He pulled out with a loud plop allowing all that cum to flow out and coat Molly's sore asshole. 

They lay together for a few moments. Then he got up, cleaned himself and got dressed. Before walking out the door, he left Molly a token of his appreciation, five $100 bills. Molly definitely hoped to see him again! This man was the 484th entry in her "Dick Book" and he earned Molly's highest rating as a lover. Molly could even imagine letting him fuck her just for fun! He was that good!

But fate had something else in store for Molly. That evening she met a man who had all the attributes Molly preferred in a man. He was tall and well built and had masculine good looks. His clothes were of the highest quality and he radiated the aura of 'being his own man', not easily impressed or intimidated by anyone. Well, she'd met men like that before and it was easy for Molly to bring them down to earth. She walked up to him and began plying her charms. He was patient with her, laughed at her jokes and showed interest in what she said. He looked at her with deep blue eyes. Molly found that unsettling, as his eyes seemed to bored through her façade directly into her soul. 

This man was totally unimpressed by Molly's attempts at flattery. He would not be a pushover like the others! This made Molly try harder. She knew that every man had a weakness and she'd find his and exploit it to the fullest. 

After about half an hour, Molly was ready to concede defeat. This was a new experience for her and she didn't like it one bit! Then the man started speaking. Until then, Molly had done almost all the talking and he had managed to get in only a handful of words. His voice mesmerized Molly, it was both manly and musical, hard and soft; in short it was the most beautiful voice she'd ever heard! And the things he said riveted her to her seat and she lost track of time. Finally she realized how late it was and said she had to go home and get some sleep. The man, Roger Bergen, offered to escort her home. Molly gladly accepted and she held his hand as they strolled the darkened city streets toward her building. At the front door, Molly asked if he'd like to come in. He gave a small chuckle and politely declined, but asked if he could see her again. Molly's heart skipped a beat - this was exactly what she had hoped for! She immediately replied "Yes!" and they made a date to meet the next night. Then Molly kissed him on the cheek before stepping inside the front door. She stood in the vestibule of her building and watched as Mr. Bergen walked down the street until he was out of sight. 

Molly couldn't get over the effect Roger Bergen had on her. After all those men, he was the first since Hal to stir up her emotions. She dreamed about Roger and woke up with him in her thoughts. She wanted to be with him so very much that all other needs and desires were banished from her mind. They went out that night and began a relationship that lasted 35 years. They married. Roger turned out to be a skillful lover. He wasn't as well endowed as some of Molly's past lovers, but he used what he with great skill. After consummating their marriage, Molly wrote his name as the 485th and final entry in her "Dick Book" and put it away. It was the last time Molly opened that book until the day she died. 

During their third year together, Molly gave birth to a daughter. She was thoroughly contented with her life as wife and mother. Nothing could be better! Roger had managed to tame her, yet she never felt in any way restricted from living life to its fullest. Then one evening, nearly 35 years after taking their vows, a drunk driver killed her lover and their only child. Molly was devastated. For months afterward she went through the motions of life but felt dead inside. Then early one day she decided that enough time had been spent in mourning and self-pity. Molly re-entered the human race.

She dedicated herself to helping the less fortunate living in her area. Roger had left her very well off and Molly used that money to fund her task. She discovered a gift of talking with those feeling no hope and convincing them not to waste money on drugs or alcohol, but instead to buy food, find shelter and get cleaned up. It wasn't long before the community, then city, county, state, and finally country formally acknowledged Molly for her good works helping the poor and disadvantaged. Molly didn't seek fame or glory and never let the accolades go to her head. Over the years she estimated that at least 1000 individuals were directly helped to better lives by her efforts. That was all the satisfaction Molly needed.

Then one day Molly she started feeling ill. Over time it become more difficult to breathe and the activities Molly was used to performing became struggles. At the urging of her friends, Molly went to be checked out. She was told she had lung cancer and she had waited much too long for any treatment to help. Molly was given 6 to 12 months to live. She felt scared and sad, but reminded herself that there was still a job to do and she would do it until she no longer could. And so Molly continued her mission to help others. 

Finally Molly's body let her know it was time to stop. She resigned herself to let nature take its course and patiently waited for the release only death could bring. One night Molly turned on the TV and watched a show about a promiscuous young woman living in the big city. She recalled her own life and thought how similar her reality was to that character's fiction. Then Molly did something she hadn't done since her wedding night. With great effort she dug out her 'Dick Book' and started leafing through it. The memories of all the great sex brought a sad smile to her face. What a waste, she thought. She continued scanning the pages until she got to entry 484. The memory of that hugely endowed man and what he did to her sent pleasant shivers through her body. And then there was entry 485, Roger Bergen. She paused and gently caressed the page with her fingertips. She truly adored that man and hoped there was a heaven because he belonged there and perhaps, after atoning for her sins, Molly could join him and their daughter. 

Molly fell asleep and the book slowly slid from her lap onto the floor. She had a very vivid dream in which she was young again, without the disease about to end her life and without the worries and cares of old age. And she was not alone. There were a number of men in the same place as she. One of them was Roger Bergen. He walked up to Molly and told her not to be afraid and they would soon be together again in a much better place. Molly was speechless. Could this be real? She asked Roger who the others with him were. He replied that they were a gift to her from 'up above' because of how she changed her life around and dedicated herself to the less fortunate. Molly said she didn't need a gift, that she was fine as she was. Roger smiled and looked up and said to an unseen someone

"What did I tell you?" 

He then pointed to the 'Dick Book' and remarked she needed fifteen more entries to reach an even five hundred. Her gift was the chance to have any fifteen men of her choosing to do with as she pleased. Molly was stunned and asked Roger how long he knew about the book. He laughed and said he found it on their wedding night! He realized what her past life was but didn't care. He put the book back and never let on to having found it. He then said he'd leave Molly to the care of those 15 men and return for her when she was finished. Molly asked him to stay and Roger replied they would have forever, tonight was just for her.

Roger left the room and Molly felt a strange transformation take place. All the old feelings of lust came flooding back and within moments Molly was hungry for cock and lots of it! She slinked up to one man and brazenly pulled down his trousers and shorts. What a magnificent penis he had! Molly fell to her knees and gobbled it up. The feeling of having a cock in her mouth again was almost too much. The last time she sucked a cock was Roger's two days before he was killed. Since that day she'd been celibate. But now she was allowed to experience the sensations of hardcore sex once again.

The man she was blowing was rocking back and forth and Molly knew he was nearing the point of no return. She increased the level of suction to ensure his cum would end up in her mouth. His load was enormous and it tasted salty and a bit vinegary, and Molly loved it! She had her first orgasm right then. 

The other 14 men had not wasted time in stripping naked and soon Molly felt hands and mouths and cocks all over her body. Every one of those men had a long thick cock and each knew exactly how to use it to ring Molly's chimes. Molly orgasmed over and over as the men licked and fucked and fondled her every which way. But they had some tricks to show her that even Molly, with all her past experiences, had never known. Molly was on top fucking one of the men when she felt a second man pushing his way into her already occupied pussy. The sensation was indescribable! Both men alternated in their thrusting and both came deep inside her cunt. Then, with hardly a moment's rest, Molly felt a huge cock invading her asshole and it was soon to joined by another! The searing pain and fire in her butt drove her to a massive climax. How she wished she'd done this when she was young and healthy and pretty! Before long, both men dumped their spunk into her bowels and Molly had another in a series of huge orgasms.

After hours of fucking and sucking, Molly realized everyone was just about spent. She wanted one last cum, but wasn't sure any of the men were up to it. Then, as if they could read her thoughts, all fifteen circled Molly and began running their hands over her body. There was hardly a dry spot on her, but they didn't seem to mind stroking her though large puddles of cum. One man positioned himself between her legs and Molly thought her was going to give her head. That would have been freaky, because every man she'd ever fucked (except Roger) had an aversion to cum, even his own. But this guy wasn't planning to eat her. Instead he ran his fingers over the folds of Molly's pussy. Then he inserted one finger followed by a second. He twisted both fingers in her pussy and within seconds Molly was sopping wet inside. The man then introduced a third finger. Once more, he spent a moment or two twisting them inside her hot canal. A fourth finger was added and then he slowly eased in his thumb. For the first time in her experience Molly was being fisted. This was a lot better than she ever imagined! She had opportunities in the past but always declined afraid that her lover's hands would hurt her too much. 

Her current lover fisted her for several minutes and then very slowly withdrew his hand. It was slick with her juices mixed with multiple samples of sperm. Then a second man took his place and fisted her pussy and then a third, and so on until all of them had their chance. Then they went to work fisting her tender asshole and then one fist in each hole. Molly was oblivious to everything except the overwhelming pleasure sweeping over her. 

At last it was over. Molly was totally satiated. The fifteen strangers cleaned up, got dressed and walked off into a bright mist. She lay there for a few minutes before sensing a new presence. She sat up and saw her husband Roger standing next to the bed. He grinned and asked Molly if she was happy. She said yes, but then was concerned Roger was angry with her. He assured her that he wasn't - after all, he had arranged the whole thing! Then he asked Molly if she was ready to go home. Molly was confused because she was at home. But Roger smiled and held out his hand and asked once more if she'd join him and their daughter at home. Molly understood his meaning. She stood up and took Roger's hand. She asked if she could have a last look around. Roger said she could take as much time as she needed. Molly looked around the room and gave a small sigh. Then she looked at the bed and saw herself lying there, taking shallow breaths with a peaceful look on her face. Molly turned to Roger and said she was ready and as they walked into the mist Molly Bergen slipped into eternity.

The next day Molly's neighbors became concerned about her and called the police. When they opened the door, they found Molly lying dead on her bed. Everything in the house appeared to be in order except Molly's body was naked and there was the unmistakable smell of sex in the air. There were no signs of a struggle and, in fact, Molly had a smile of pure rapture on her face. Then there was the 'Dick Book' the authorities found on the floor. There were fifteen brand new entries made some 44 years after the last. It was a mystery no one ever solved!