 Ivy heard the keys in the door and new her mother and stepfather where home. Ivy laid on the couch and listened while they came in. Ivy's mother shouted for her. 

"In here." Ivy said. 

Her mother came rushing into the room and reached down to pick her up. Her mother smelled a little like booze and cigarettes, but Ivy was happy that she was home. Ivy started to cry, and her mother just held her and cried with her. 

After a few minutes Ivy's mother pulled away and looked at her head. "We need to get some ice on this." Her mother said.

Ivy had not noticed that Rick had come into the room. He dutifully got up and went to the freezer and got an ice pack. Rick walked back into the room and handed the ice to Ivy. Ivy put it on her head and just sat with her mother. 

Ivy told her story to her parents again. She continued to leave the part out about the face fucking. She just could not tell anyone. Part out of embarrassment, because she liked it, and part because she did not think anyone would believe her. 

Her mom held her, and told her everything would be alright. She helped Ivy back to her room and told her she would call the country club and let them know that she would not be in for a couple of days. Ivy thanked her mother and pulled the covers up and fell asleep. 

Ivy felt the sun on her face and slowly woke up. Her head hurt a little but not as much as her jaw. She started to think about the night before. The big beautiful cock, she could picture it in all its glory. She started to feel a little horny. She did not masturbate very often and when she did it wasn't all that satisfying. She reached under the covers with her hand. She slipped her fingers under her sweats and panties. When her index finger touched her clit a jolt of pleasure unlike anything she hand felt before surged up her spine. Her nipples immediately got hard and started poking out of her tee shirt. 

Ivy drew her hand back. Holy shit what was that. It felt amazing. Ivy slid her fingers back under her panties and started to gently flick her clit. Wow. Shudders were running all through her body. She started to rub faster. This felt great. She closed her eyes and pictured the big cock from the night before. She slipped her fingers a little lower and put one finger in her slit. She started to rub her fingers back and forth and in an out of her slit and then flicking her clit. She had never done anything like this. She slipped another finger in her slit. Damn that felt good. She continued to stroke. Back and forth two fingers in and then rub the clit. She started to feel her body shiver. She thought about the cock going down her throat, making her gag, as she did this she stuck a third finger in her slit. She had never put three in. This sent her over the edge. She had to bite down on a pillow to avoid screaming out. She felt her thighs quiver and convulse. Wow, that was awesome. She slowly opened her eyes. 

She looked at the clock it said 4:00pm. She had slept all day. She slowly got up, her body was still trembling with ecstasy. She had never felt so good. She threw on the old bra from the night before and headed down stairs. She was famished. As she went into the kitchen she could hear her mother and Rick arguing about money again. 

When ivy entered into the kitchen, they stopped their conversation. Her mother came over and gave her a hug. 

"How are you feeling sweaty?" her mother asked. 

"Alright, my head hurts a little and I am hungry." Ivy answered. 

Rick just looked at her with a blank stare and a smirk. Ivy opened the fridge and grabbed a yogurt and an apple. Ivy sat down at the table and looked at her parents. She could tell things were not going well. Ivy finished up her food and told them she was going to take a shower. 

Ivy headed up stairs to the shower. She did not have to share because her parents had one in their bathroom. Ivy got undressed and looked into the mirror. The bump on her head was gone and her skin looked great. Her breasts seemed to have grown a tiny bit and looked awesome in the mirror. Ivy had a little bush. She kept it trimmed but had never manicured anything. She looked down at her pussy. Maybe it was time to tighten things up down there. She smiled when she thought about the fucking she had just given her self. Screw it, she thought let's shave it. Ivy got out the shaving cream and the razor. She got the area all wet, when she brushed her clit it sent more lightning up her spine. Ivy did not know if she could shave, it might cause another orgasm. She focused and put the cream on. She shaved all the hair off. When she stood up she looked in the mirror. It looked pretty. She had never really looked at her pussy before, but now that it was hairless she could see it was beautiful. 

Her lips where tight, and her clit sat at the top only a little engorged. The bald area made it look wonderful. She would need to keep it clean. All of this pussy gazing turned Ivy on. Ivy turned on the shower and stepped in. The water felt great. It ran down her hair, down her back, and into her ass crack. She felt it hit her breasts, the warm water bouncing of her tits felt great. Then she noticed the water running over her newly shaved bald. Wow that was nice. Ivy had never been so sensitive in the shower before. It was like she could feel each drop of water hit her body. It was amazing. 

Ivy reached down and stared to rub her clit again. Wow that is amazing she thought. She could not believe herself. She had never masturbated twice in one week, let alone twice in a day, but she couldn't stop. She started to rub harder. With her other hand she started to rub her breasts. This felt great. The water running over her body and her hands exploring all of her sensitive areas. She put a finger in her pussy and started to move it back and forth. She was searching for her g-spot. She slipped the second finger in and stared to fuck her self harder. With her other hand she started to pull on her nipples and massage her breasts. She started to feel the climax coming. She keep rubbing. Bam, a wave of ecstasy shot over her. She had found the g-spot. Her body rocked and convulsed, she almost fell over. She felt great. 

Ivy finished her shower and looked at her self in the mirror again. Was it her or did her clit look bigger than before. No, it definitely was. Maybe all the masturbating had caused it to be engorged, because it was sticking out like an inch. Oh well. Ivy wrapped herself in a towel and headed to her room. She was exhausted.