 It had been 10 days since Ivy had been forced to suck cock, and swallow a strange women's cum. Since then she had sprouted a cock of her own, and a nice set of balls. She still had her pussy hiding behind her balls, and her breasts. Her breasts had increased a full size. She was now a D cup, and needed to buy new bras. 

Luckily, her tips at work had increased and she would be able to buy more with the money. Her cock was now 8 inches long and 3 inches wide. It was huge. It looked like a pornstar's cock, and she had kept it shaved. She used some lacy pink ribbon to bind it to her leg when she went out. 

Not only did she now have a cock and balls, but her sex drive had increased. She had to cum at least 3 times a day or her balls would start hurting. She was masturbating all of the time, fingering her clit like mad, while stroking herself at the same time. When her mom was not home she made her gross stepfather suck her cock. He seemed to love it and would always be eager. She had fucked him in the ass once in the shower, but the experience was a little disturbing, that she had decided that he was too gross to do it again. 

She now only let him suck her cock, and he worshiped it. He also seemed to be less of an asshole to her since her transformation. Ivy figured that he liked it, because it had to be more then her blackmailing him about watching porn. She had tricked him and forced him to suck her cock, but he seemed to like it a lot. 

Ivy opened her eyes, she was lying in bed naked and she felt her hard on drowsily with one lazy hand. She also felt some sloppy, warm wetness covering her dick. She sensed that some one else was in the room with her. Ivy looked down and there was Rick, sucking her cock, eyes closed in pleasure. Ivy's mother must have left early and Rick had needed a taste. 

Ivy closed her eyes. This was the way to wake up. She felt Rick's warm mouth around her cock. She felt him slowly moving his head up and down on her rock hard cock. She sensed his tongue twirling on the tip of her cock and it felt great.

Ivy started to rub her tits. She stuck a finger in her mouth and then rubbed her nipples. As she played with her tits, Rick moved off her cock and started to kiss the shaft tenderly. Ivy let out a quiet moan. This felt great. She was stimulating her tits, and Rick was worshiping her cock. Rick slowly moved down the 8 inch shaft. He kissed it the whole way down. Ivy felt him reach her balls. Rick started sucking on each ball while stroking her cock with his hand. Rick started to move his other hand towards her tits. Hell no, she thought. Ivy would not have that. 

Ivy slapped his hand away and said, "You only get to touch my cock. You are a disgusting pervert, and you are not to touch the rest of my body." 

Rick whimpered, but his hand 

returned to its place on her cock. Enough of this, Ivy thought. She sat up in bed and told Rick to get on his knees in front of her. What a bitch, Ivy thought, he had no fight left in him. He was her slave. 

It was strange to think, did he always love cock, or did it have something to do with her? Rick was now her bitch, and Ivy did not know why. It must have something to do with her new cock, because he was also being so nice and doing everything she wanted. 

Oh well, Ivy looked down at Rick's balding head and decided to get down to business. Ivy stood up and smacked Rick in the face with her cock. 

"Time to get fucked," Ivy commanded. 

Rick smiled and opened his mouth. Ivy slid her cock into his mouth. He obediently closed his mouth and wrapped his lips around it. Ivy pressed her hips into his face, she felt her cock hit the back of his throat. She was now long enough to go all the way to the back. She looked at Rick and giggled. She was going to fuck his throat the way she had been fucked 10 days ago. 

Ivy rocked her hips back and forth to get him ready. She felt her new size D tits bouncing up and down. 

"Now Rick," Ivy said with disdain, "you are going to swallow my cock."

Rick mumbled something but could not say anything with Ivy's huge cock in his mouth. Ivy pushed her cock to the back of his mouth, and then grabbed his head and started to pull it towards her. She felt some resistance, but then she watched as Rick started to swallow. She felt her cock being sucked down his throat. This felt so great, she was finally fucking his face right. 

Ivy drew her hips back and then pushed them forward. She could see her dick going in and out of his throat. She pounded him hard. She would fuck him for a minute and then let him get a breath. It didn't take long and she was ready to cum in no time. She looked at Rick while she fucked his face. She loved it. Her tits felt great and she started to rub her nipples with her one free hand. This sent her over the edge. 

"I'm gonna cum, Rick you know what to do." she said. 

She felt her balls swell, and the her cock started to twitch. As she was about to blow her first load, she forced her cock deeper into his throat. She felt like she was cumming right into his fat stomach. When she was about done she pulled out of his throat and let the last couple of spurts stay in his mouth. 

Ivy finished and pulled her cock out of her stepfather's mouth. "Hold on," she said. 

Ivy laid back down on her bed. She rubbed her nipples and opened her mouth. Rick leaned over her face and got as close as Ivy would let him. He opened his mouth, and let her cum spill out into her's. Ivy squealed with delight. She loved the taste of her own cum and having Rick spit it back into her mouth, this was much better then licking his fat asshole. 

She licked the cum off her lips and looked up at her pervert of a stepfather, "Thanks, now get the fuck out!" She told him. 

Rick turned around without a sound and left her room. What a fuck up, Ivy thought, as she laid there savoring the taste of her own cum. This was starting to be fun. 

Ivy looked at the clock. She needed to be to work in a hour. She got out of bed reluctantly and headed for the shower. She took a minute to look at her self in the mirror. She was fucking hot. Her smooth skin shimmered, her tits were perfect, and her cock was amazing. She loved the way it dangled. She felt her self getting excited just looking at herself, but knew she had to get ready for work. As she turned around she caught a glimpse of her wonderful ass. It was so tight, she loved the way it looked. 

Ivy turned on the shower and let the water run across her amazing body. The water ran over her lovely breasts and tickled her nipples. She felt the water run over her flat stomach and run down to her massive cock. The water ran over and around her cock, it ran smoothly over her shaved ball sacks and into her pussy slit. 

Ever since getting the cock she had paid little attention to her slit. She never let Rick touch anything but the cock, and she found it easier to masturbate by stroking the cock then by fingering her pussy. She now felt the water rushing over her pussy and down her legs. She turned around and enjoyed the feeling of the water running down her back and into to her ass crack. Her new body was wonderful, and seemed to be much more sensitive.

Ivy washed all her parts, and got out of the shower. She toweled off and shut the shower off. Ivy went back to her room. She chose the panties with the ass cut out to look like a hart. Her bra was too small so she decide not to wear one. She put her white uniform on. Her tits filled the shirt completely and she left the buttons open. Her cleavage looked awesome. She tucked the shirt into her khaki shorts and pulled it tight. She put on some extra long socks with pink stripes. She looked like a slut, but she did not care, because she needed the extra tips. 

Ivy looked in the mirror to make sure her cock was tucked away under her crotch. It was still there with a slight bulge, but it just looked like a wrinkle in the fabric of the shorts. She headed for the door, and saw Rick stare at her as she left. 

"See ya perv," she said as she walked by. Rick looked like he was drooling as his eyes raked over her body. Ivy smiled. 

It had been a long day at work. Ivy had made more money then she had ever made before. She was behind the building putting away the beer cart when she heard a golf cart roll up. 

In the cart was a man and a women. They should not of been in this area, it was for employees only. The area was secluded and tucked behind the building where the carts where stored. 

Ivy was alone. She turned around and said, "Can I help you?"

The man looked at her with wanting eyes and then looked over at the women. "Can we get a beer?" He said. 

"I've put them all away, sorry, but I could point you in the direction of the club house," Ivy replied. 

The woman looked at her drunk friend and slurred, equally as drunk, "We want one now, you little slut."

The man got off his cart and started to walk toward Ivy. He reached around her into the beer cart, and tried to flip open the beer cooler. Ivy smacked his hand away. 

"Get away you asshole," She shouted pissed. 

The man backed away holding his arm. "Dam, that hurt. What are you some sort of closet body builder," He said. 

The girl jumped up and came at Ivy. "You can't hit him, you bitch," She said, as she swung a fist at Ivy.

Ivy reached out and caught her arm a foot away from her face. She twisted the women's arm down and pulled her towards herself. Ivy had the women by the arm, and was staring at her face an inch from her own. 

"I'll do what I want bitch!" Ivy screamed into the woman's face. 

Ivy didn't know why, but she was turned on a little. The women looked to be in her early 30's. You could tell she had money because of the work that she had done. She was attractive, she was the same height as Ivy, her hair was bleached blond, and she had perfect teeth. She wore a cute well cut button down golf shirt, and a golf skirt that was a little to short for her. Her legs were nice an tanned, but the best part of her were her tits. They were massive probably 36D and fake. 

Ivy took all this on in an instant, and had an idea. The women's face was a inch from her own. Ivy some how still had a hold of her arm, and the women could not get away. Ivy leaned in and kissed the women full on the lips. 

The women recoiled and looked at Ivy with questioning eyes. "What the fuck?" she said, but did not try to pull away. 

Ivy smiled, "Just tasting you," she replied. Ivy leaned in and kissed her again. 

This time the women did not pull away. Ivy felt the women's will crumble under her kiss. Ivy stuck her tongue in her mouth and could taste the beer. The women stuck her tongue back at Ivy and they played with each other's tongue for a second. Ivy drew back and let go of the women's arm. 

"What's your name" Ivy said. 

"My name is Kate, and that is Jeff." The women said. 

Ivy looked over at Jeff who was standing with his mouth open. Ivy smiled. She was about to have some fun with these drunk pricks. 

Ivy replied, "You have a choice, you can do what I say or I can call the cops. I will tell them that your man, grabbed me when I told him he could not have any beer. I'm sure you could hire some hot shot lawyer who would settle with me for a small fee outside of court. Maybe enough to pay for my college." 

Jeff said, "What do you want?"

Ivy looked at Kate, then back and Jeff. She said, "Her."

"What do you mean, her?" Jeff retorted. 

"I'm gonna fuck her, make her cum, and do other unusual things with her." Ivy explained. 

Jeff looked at Kate. Kate was staring at Ivy with lust in her eyes. Jeff tried to get her to look at him, but Kate just kept staring at Ivy. 

"Well Kate, what do we do?" Jeff asked. 

"It will keep you out of the papers," Kate stammered. "You know your dad would be pissed if this came out." 

Ivy wondered who these two were. This seemed to be working. She was really horny now, and had wanted to fuck someone other then Rick. These two were older then her, but much more attractive then Rick. Ivy's cock seemed to want to fuck the girl. 

"Alright," Jeff said questingly, "let's have some fun."

Ivy watched Jeff sit on the front of his golf cart and put his hands in his pocket. Ivy looked back at Kate. She looked yummy. Ivy leaned over and kissed her again. Ivy ran her tongue across Kate's lips, and stuck it in her mouth. Ivy felt her soft lips on her's as she reached around Kate and gave her ass a supple squeeze. It was soft but tight. Ivy thought that Kate must work out to keep a body like this. 

Ivy felt Kate's tongue in her mouth. She had not kissed any one in months, she had missed it. Ivy held the kiss for a few moments and then pushed Kate away. Ivy's eyes twinkled. She started to unbutton Kate's shirt slowly while staring into Kate's eyes. Ivy slowly undid the buttons to reveal Kate's enormous jugs. Kate was wearing a blue laced bra that held the ladies in and Ivy ran her hands along the lace and felt the fabric between her fingers and the soft flesh underneath. Kate shrugged her shirt the rest of the way off and started to rub Ivy's shoulders with her hands. 

Ivy felt Kate's hands go down her back, and Kate whispered, "No bra." 

Kate smiled and gave Ivy a kiss on the cheek. Ivy giggled since she had never let Rick touch her, and this was awesome. Kate's hands were soft and seemed to touch her all over at once. 

Ivy reached around Kate and undid her bra. She helped Kate get the bra off and took in the sight. Kate's tits where huge. They mesmerized Ivy. She bent over and kissed her nipples. First the right one then the left. She sucked on them, and caressed them with her hands. Kate's eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. 

Ivy looked over at Jeff. She noticed a small bulge in his pants and he was definitely playing with him self through his pocket. She turned back to the mountains before her. She had never seen tits like these. Ivy continued to lick, suck, and rub Kate's tits. 

Ivy heard Kate say, "Let's get this shirt off." 

Ivy felt a tug on her shirt and saw Kate pawing at it. Her shirt came untucked and she helped Kate get it the rest of the way. Both woman looked amazing. Their blond hair blowing softly in the wind. Their tits hanging out for the world to see. Ivy felt her cock stiffen. If she did not get it out soon it was going to hurt. Ivy reached into her shorts, she loosened the tie and felt her cock ease a little. 

Ivy leaned in and kissed Kate again she felt her tits touching Kate's. Ivy started to grind her tits into Kate's. Ivy was loving this. 

"Get up on the cart," Ivy commanded. "Get that skirt off also." 

Ivy and Jeff watched as Kate did a little strip tease. She slowly turned around, showing her ass to the two of them. Ivy saw her unzip the front and the Kate wiggled the tight skirt down to her knees. Kate had on matching blue panties. The were lacy and covered most of her ass, however Ivy could see the sexy fold where her ass met her legs. 

Kate bent all the way over and removed the skort. Ivy almost creamed her pants. She could feel the pre-cum running down her leg. Kate turned around, she was just wearing her blue panties. Her tits looked amazing and her smile said everything. 

"You like what you see?" Kate asked. 

"Uh huh," Ivy mumbled. She heard Jeff say something but it did not register. 

Kay jumped up onto the back of the cart. Her tits bounced magnificently as her ass landed on the cooler. Kate's crotch was now level with Ivy's mouth. Ivy moved forward and grabbed Kate's thighs. 

Ivy started kissing the women's pussy through her panties. She kissed it all over and did not miss a spot. Ivy had never done anything like this. She had seen other girls pussies but never like this. 

Ivy looked up at Kate, eyes shining. "Get them off." Ivy commanded.

Ivy helped Kate shimmer out of the 

panties. Kate's pussy was not bald and Ivy was slightly disappointed, but it was well manicured. There was a little landing strip of hair and then she noticed Kate's clit. It was beautiful, it rose above her pussy lips and shined like a beacon. Kate's pussy lips were nice and she had shaved all around it. Ivy pushed her face in between Kate's legs and immediately started kissing and sucking Kate's clit. 

Ivy started to lick back and forth, sometimes sticking her tongue in her pussy but mostly just messing with her clit. Ivy could taste the women's juices. They tasted a lot like her cum. Ivy felt herself quiver with pleasure. She loved pussy, the smell, the soft lips, and especially the taste. Why she had waited so long to try this was any one's guess. Ivy was getting sloppy and she could feel Kate's thighs tighten around her head, and then Kate cried out. Kate's legs shook and she bucked her hips up into Ivy's face. Ivy tasted the juices and they were wonderful. Ivy stuck her tongue in Kate's pussy and sucked all the juices down while Kate continued to orgasm. 

Ivy pulled her head out. She could feel Kate's sticky juices on her face. It was time Ivy thought while looking back at Jeff. He had his cock out and was stroking it while he watched the two woman. 

Ivy moved around to the other side of the cart. She reached in to a compartment and pulled out a blanket she used to cover her legs when she was cold. She spread the blanket out on the ground. 

"On you knees," she ordered Kate. 

Kate looked at her questionably, but got down on her knees. Kate had not cum like that ever before, and she was willing to do what ever this teen slut wanted. 

Ivy turned her back toward Jeff and positioned Kate right in front of her. Kate pulled off her khaki shorts. All Jeff could see was her hart panties, but Kate saw the whole thing. She saw Ivy's 8 inch cock loosely tied to her thigh. Ivy reached down and undid the ribbon. Kate said nothing, but looked at Ivy with some concern. Ivy smiled, it was now her time. Ivy pulled her panties off and tossed them in the ground. 

Jeff caught a glimpse of the cock. 

"What the fuck is that." He said as he stopped jerking off. 

Ivy turned her head " It's my cock you jack ass. Now shut up. Your ruining this for me." Ivy spoke to Kate. "Suck it."

Kate smiled and stared to say something, when Ivy shoved her cock in her mouth to keep her quite. Ivy almost came immediately. She felt Kate's soft lips around her cock, and her tongue running over her shaft. This was so much better then Rick. Ivy ran her hands through Kate's hair and then slowly started to fuck her face. Ivy was gentle at first, but her passion started to get the best of her. She felt the tip of her cock hitting the back of Kate's throat. Ivy so wanted to shove it down, but did not want to hurt her. 

"Can you take it?" Ivy asked. 

Kate nodded and Ivy grinned. She grabbed the back of Kate's head and pulled it towards her. Kate swallowed immediately. This was not her first time Ivy thought. Ivy felt Kate's throat muscles contract around the tip of her cock. She pulled Kate in. Ivy felt her balls hit Kate's chin. Ivy worked her way back out, then in again. Kate would breath when Ivy pulled out slightly. This was to much for Ivy. She felt her balls tighten, and she shot her cum deep down Kate's throat. When she had shot her last load, she pulled Kate up and kissed her passionately. Ivy tasted her cum in Kate's mouth and used her tongue to get as much as she could. 

Ivy released Kate and turned to Jeff. He was standing there looking stupid. His cock was out, but it was only half hard. 

"Your turn Jeff," Ivy said. " I want you to fuck her while I watch." 

"Um ok," He said. 

"Now, you stupid shit!" Ivy demanded. "Oh and I want her on top."

Jeff walked over and laid on the ground. His dick was now erect, and Ivy could tell he was a little excited. Jeff looked at Kate and shrugged. Ivy watched Kate with her massive tits climb over Jeff and straddle his cock. She watched as she guided Jeff's 6 inch cock into her pussy. Kate started to bounce up and down on his cock. Ivy watched with fascination as Kate's huge tits bounced all over. Ivy felt herself start to stroke her cock. It didn't take long and she was hard again. Ivy had an idea. She walked over to her purse that was in the beer cart and pulled out some lotion. She had been using it masturbate all week. She put some on her finger and walked up behind Kate as she bounced. 
