 Ivy was super excited about her upcoming evening. She had received a call from her best friend Monica the day before. Monica was back in town and wanted to hang out. Ivy had told her that she had to work till 6, but could come over and Hang out after work on Friday. 

Monica told her they could rent a movie and watch it at her house. Ivy pondered all day about telling Monica about her new cock. She needed to confide in someone. Her sex drive was out of control, and she did not know how long she could hide it from the world. She couldn't tell her mom because she was a nurse, and would make her go to the doctor immediately. Ivy didn't quite understand why she didn't want to go to the doctor. It was as if the cock was protecting itself. Finally, Ivy decided against telling, because she did not want to burden her friend with her secret. 

Ivy ran home after work and changed her clothes quickly. Monica's family were very conservative, her dad being some big wig in the local Baptist church. Ivy looked at her cock, it had grown again. It was now a mighty 10 inches long and was getting harder to hide. It was also bigger then the mystery women's who had given her the gift. 

Ivy put on a pair of lacy hot pink panties, and tied her cock to her leg with a piece of ribbon. She wore a pair of jeans and a loose fitting top. She looked boring. It was hard to hide her new breasts, but she did her best. She put some light make up on and a light pink lipstick. 

Ivy ran out the door, telling Rick that she would be back in the morning with a wave of her hand. She got into her car and headed for Monica's house. She pulled into the gravel driveway and almost ran into the house. She was so excited. She had not realized how much she had missed her best friend. Ivy climbed the stone steps and knocked on the large oak door. Monica's father opened the door and let her in. 

"It's nice to see you Ivy," he said with a smile and a quick glance at her chest. 

"You too, Mr. Peterson," Ivy replied. Looking down to make sure her clothes were in order. 

Ivy noticed that he was dressed up, and behind him Monica's mother was in a dress. It was a very conservative dress. Light blue all the way to the ankles. She had a small sweater over her shoulders that matched nicely. She was a beautiful lady, but wore very plain clothes. Her hair was shoulder length, combed, and styled like a church lady. Monica's father wore a traditional suite that was a little to tight but still looked good. He was handsome and had a small goatee. They looked ready to leave. 

"Monica is in the other room, I heard about your intruder. That must of been very frightening," He continued the conversation as he put a reassuring hand on Ivy's shoulder. 

"Yes, thank god nothing else has happened. I am so glad you guys are back in town. It makes me feel better already," Ivy said with a sigh.

"Well, we're glad you are safe. That's all that matters," Mrs.Peterson said from behind her husband. 

Mr. Peterson looked at Ivy and said, "You will always be safe here. We are going on an overnight retreat, but please call if you need anything. Please make sure to keep the doors locked." 

Ivy felt Mr.Peterson's eyes linger on her breasts again. She knew what he was thinking, and this made her a little excited. She had never noticed her best friends dad, but he was sure noticing her. 

"We will," Ivy heard Monica say as she bounced into the room. 

Monica ran up and gave Ivy a big hug. Ivy felt Monica's body press tight up against her tits. Ivy got a little excited and blushed a little. She looked down, hoping no one had noticed. Monica grabbed Ivy's hand and drug her away from her parents. 

"Bye guys, love you both," Monica said as they left the room. 

Ivy had never thought of Monica in a sexual way, but now how could she not. Monica was beautiful in her own way. Monica was petite like a gymnast. She was only 5'1 and might weigh 95 pounds. She had black hair that she wore up in a pony tail, and beautiful crystal blue eyes. She had a little nose with thin lips and a long thin neck. Monica had B cup breasts and a tiny waste. Her ass was small but well shaped. Ivy wanted to fuck her, but knew she couldn't. 

Ivy knew Monica was still a virgin, even though she was older then Ivy. Her parents were very strict, and had never trusted boys. Monica had only kissed a boy at church camp, but that was it. Ivy and Monica shared everything, well until now. Monica was wearing grey yoga pants and a t-shirt from her recent trip. Monica had told her that she and her family had gone to the mountains for a service project. They were always doing things to help out the environment. 

Ivy knew she and Monica were staying in, because Monica would not of been allowed to leave the house in her yoga pants. They were tight and showed everything. 

"How was your trip?" Ivy asked. 

"Ok, we worked all day. I met a nice boy but he lives far away. Also, he is going out east for college. So nothing happened like usual." Monica said with a pout, "I'm sorry to hear about your break in, were you ok.""

Ivy told Monica the story about that night. She left out the most important part, but had convinced her friend that she was good. They talked for a while longer catching up on there summer so far.

After an hour or so, Monica suggested that they put on a movie. She had picked up a horror movie earlier that day, and they wanted to get it started before it got to late. They made buttery popcorn and plopped down on the leather couch. The movie started, and seemed to be really mind numbingly boring. After a little it got scary and Monica scooted up next to Ivy. 

Ivy felt Monica get close. She could hear her breath on her shoulder and felt her warmth. Monica grabbed her arm at a scary point in the movie and held on. This started to excite Ivy. Monica leaned in and laid her head on Ivy's shoulder. Ivy could feel her breath as it brushed against her nipple. 

Ivy wasn't sure if she could have her best friend this close. She was getting really turned on. She felt her cock start to strain against the ribbon. Monica's arm was now wrapped around hers, locked tight. All of sudden Monica jumped, popcorn went flying everywhere. 

"Dang," Monica said. She never cursed. 

Monica stood up and looked at the mess and she started to clean it up. Monica was bending over right in front of Ivy. She couldn't help but stare at her tight ass. She also thought she saw a little camel toe. Monica kept bending over in front of Ivy. Her ass right in Ivy's face. Ivy's eyes were glued to her best friends tight ass. Ivy was getting really turned on. She felt a little wetness run over her leg. Shit, she needed to take care of this. 

"Gotta go to the bathroom, can you clean this up?" Ivy asked Monica. 

"Sure, go ahead," Ivy heard Monica say behind her as she ran for the bathroom.

Ivy made it to the bathroom already stripping before making it there. She pulled off her jeans, dropped her pink panties, undid the ribbon, and grabbed her cock with both hands. She started stroking as hard as she could. It felt good, she needed the release. Monica had turned her on more then she had ever been. Ivy closed her eyes and pictured Monica, her nice ass, small tits, and beautiful eyes. Ivy rubbed hard, she didn't have any lotion, but she didn't care. She felt her organism building and she turned toward the sink. Ivy pulled the stopper on the sink with one hand while she stroked with the other. She stood on her tip toes to get her cock over the sink. 

Ivy came buckets. She shot most of the sticky white cum into the sink, but got a little on the mirror. As she shot her last load into the sink she sighed. She looked at the cum in the sink. It was a quarter full. Shit, that was a ton of cum. Ivy bent over and slurped the cum up. She loved the taste of her cum. It tasted like femininity, with a little salt. She licked the sink clean, and even the mirror. 

Ivy turned around to pick up the ribbon, but she realized that she had forgot to shut the door in her lustful haste. There stood Monica, shaking. Her eyes glued to Ivy's semi-hard cock. Ivy felt a little cum dripping down her chin and she stuck out her tongue to get the last of it. Monica broke her stare, turned and ran up the stairs. Ivy heard her slam the door to her room. 

Well no hiding it now, Ivy thought. Ivy pulled her panties up and put her jeans back on, not bothering to tie her cock back with the ribbon. She made sure the bathroom was clean and headed up stairs, ribbon in hand. Ivy stopped in front of Monica's bedroom, took a breath and knocked. 

"Can I come in?" Ivy asked. 

She heard soft whimpers from the other side but no answer. Ivy pushed the door open. Monica was sitting on her twin bed with her face buried in a soft pillow. She was crying. Ivy sat on the corner of the bed. She reached out and touched Monica's bare foot. 

Monica pulled it away. She rolled over and looked at Ivy with tear stained eyes, making Monica's eyes more beautiful. 

"What was that?" She whimpered in between sobs. 

"It's a cock." 

"What, how do you have a cock?" Monica asked, curiosity sparking her interest. 

Ivy then told her the whole story, the real story. She did not tell her about all the sex, Rick, or that she had enjoyed sucking the women's cock. However, she lied to Monica about going to the doctor, telling her that there was nothing they could do. Ivy asked that she not tell anyone and Ivy even cried a little to make it look real, more believable and Monica bought it. 

When Ivy finished, Monica hugged her, "Sorry for freaking out, I didn't know what you have been going through, but why did you drink all that stuff?"

"I don't know," Ivy lied. 

Ivy saw a strange twinkle in Monica's eye, "Can I see it again?" she asked. 

Ivy shrugged, but she stood up, and started to undo the front of her jeans and dropped them to the floor. 

"Cute panties," Monica inquired. 

Ivy blushed, Monica made her feel so hot. Ivy turned a little and did a little strip tease with the panties, slidding her fingers under the straps and slowly pushing them down onto the carpeted floor. When they were off, Ivy turned to Monica who was sitting on the bed. Her cock was semi-hard and was sticking out. Monica took in the sight of the 10 inch cook. Her eyes got big and Ivy noticed that she licked her lips. 

"Do they all look like this? I have never seen one before, other then text books of course." Monica said looking up at Ivy, hunger in her blue eyes. 

"No, mine is bigger then any I have ever seen," Ivy answered. 

Monica gazed at the cock. Ivy could see her hand start to move toward it. "Can...can I touch it?" Monica asked shyly, eyes not looking away from the cock. 

"Yes, I would like that," Ivy said breathlessly. 

Monica reached out with one shaky finger and touched the tip. Ivy's cock jumped and Monica giggled. She then put her whole hand around it. Her hand was warm and soft. Monica squeezed the cock a little, and batted it back and forth playfully, like a cat playing with a ball of yarn. She then put her other hand on it and started to rub it back and forth. Her hands were small and it took both hands to cover Ivy's cock. 

"Is this how you do it?" Monica asked. Ivy shook her head up and down. "Are they all hairless?"

"No, I shave mine, I like the way it looks," Ivy answered between breaths of pleasure. 

"Oh, I have never thought about that." Monica said. 

Ivy had an idea. Regretfully she pulled her stiff cock from Monica's grasp. "Follow me," she told her friend, and she took her hand. Monica had a slight frown, but followed along. 

Ivy led Monica into her parent's bedroom, but that wasn't the destination that Ivy had in mind. Ivy was focused on the room that connected to Monica's parent's bedroom. The bathroom. Inside was the bathroom had white tiles and crystal clean tub, sinks, and shower. The 2 girls walked up to the huge tub. Ivy turned the hot water on and found Mrs. Peterson's shaving cream and razor in one of the cupboards underneath the sink. Monica looked at Ivy questions in her eyes. 

"What are we doing?" Ivy heard Monica say. 

"Get undressed, let's take a bath." Ivy told her. 

Ivy turned the water off and watched her friend undress. She was so cute. Monica pulled her top off and underneath, she was wearing a little gray sports bra that held her tits in. Ivy helped pull it off. Monica's tits looked great in the light. They were not big, but had a beautiful teardrop shape. Her nipples stuck out, erect. Ivy pinched them real fast and then giggled. 

"Hey!" Monica said in a playful way. 

Monica then started to pull the tight yoga pants off. She had to work, because they where so tight. When she got them over her ass, Ivy saw that she had on plain gray panties. Monica stepped out of the panties and then looked at Ivy. Ivy looked at her and smiled. Monica pulled down her panties and started to climb in the tub. 

"Hold on," Ivy said. "Have you ever cut your bush?" 

Monica shook her head. No. 

"No time like the present then. Have a seat in the corner of the tub and face me," Monica did as asked. "Now spread you legs."

Ivy looked around the bathroom. She saw a small pair of scissors next to Mr. Peterson's clippers, took them and got to work. She trimmed the massive jungle down to a manageable length first. Then, Ivy reached into the tub and wetted the area for shaving. When she brushed Monica's clit she heard a brief gasp. 

"Do you ever masturbate?" She asked her friend. 

"No, not really," was the answer. 

Ivy got back to work. She rubbed shaving cream all around Monica's pussy. She then used the razor to clean the area of hair. She shaved all around Monica's sweet little pussy. She made sure to get everything. She even had Monica lean back so she could clean up her cute little anus. When Ivy finished, her friend's pussy looked good enough to eat. Ivy looked up at Monica, she was enjoying this. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. 

Ivy moved in between Monica's thighs. Ivy kissed Monica's clit tenderly. Monica jumped a little, but did not say anything so Ivy continued. Ivy kissed her all over her freshly shaved pussy. She paid special attention to Monica's clit, alternately sucking and kissing the little love box. Ivy moved her tongue around the pretty little folds and then stuck her tongue in between the soft folds. 

Monica gasped. Ivy could tell she was already close to orgasm. Ivy started to tongue fuck her friend's pussy. She used her fingers to rub Monica's clit, while her tongue was deep inside Monica. Monica leaned back a little and started to pant and moan. Ivy could tell her friend was thoroughly enjoying this. Ivy continued to lick, suck, and rub Monica's pussy. Monica was rubbing her tits and groaning with pleasure. Ivy knew she was about to cum so she increased her pace. 

Ivy felt Monica grab her hair with two hands, while her thighs squeezed Ivy's face into her pussy. Ivy tasted the juices of Monica's orgasm, and swallowed what she could. Monica shook a little and then let up. 

Ivy looked up from between Monica's legs. Her beautiful face next to Monica's freshly shaved pussy caused Monica to grin. 

" What was that?" Monica questioned. 

"You've never had an orgasm before?" Ivy said from between Monica's legs, voice muffled by the skin. 

"Nothing like that," Her friend answered. 

Ivy stood up, Monica sat on the tub. "Let's take a bath," Ivy announced, as she pulled off her shirt and bra. 

"Your boobs are bigger," Monica said as soon as she caught sight of them. 

"Yea, they've grown too. They're at least a 34D cup now and also super sensitive," Ivy said. 

Monica climbed in the tub first. Ivy watched as her sweet little ass sat in the water. Her little titties floated in the water. Monica scooted to the other side to let Ivy in and she swung her leg over the tub. Her cock swung between her legs and looked magnificent. As she sat in the tub she felt the water hit the tip of her cock and it hardened a little. The warm water felt great. Ivy's tits were a little out of the water and her hair hung down her back into the water. Ivy looked across the tub at her friend. They smiled at each other. They looked stunning. 

"Can I wash your back?" Ivy asked. 

Monica agreed and turned around, scooting in between Ivy's lap. Ivy felt her cock press against Monica's back. She started to get hard again. Ivy pulled Monica in close. Her cock stood erect and was pressed against Monica's back. It was tall enough that it poked out of the water and almost touched the underside of Ivy's tits. Ivy pulled Monica in tight. She pressed her tits into Monica's back. She soaped up her jugs and used them to wash Monica's back. The pleasure that this caused Ivy was fantastic. She rubbed her tits all over Monica's back. Ivy's nipple stood out like a beacon in the dark. 

Ivy had closed her eyes and was enjoying the sensation when she felt a hand on the base of her cock. Monica was reaching behind herself and stroking Ivy's cock. Ivy's tip was against Monica's back poking out of the water. Monica let go of Ivy's cock and looked over her shoulder. 

"Time for me to wash you, you dirty girl." Monica said, a mischievous grin appearing on her face. 

Ivy looked at Monica and shook her head up and down with a grin. Monica turned all the way around. They were sitting in the tub a foot apart. Monica took the wash cloth and lathered it up. She and started with Ivy's neck. She was so gentle Ivy thought. Monica moved down to her shoulders and then started to clean Ivy's big tits. Ivy watched as Monica swirled the cloth all over her tits cupping them through the cloth. She closed her eyes and relaxed just enjoying the feeling. Ivy was rock hard now. 

Monica noticed Ivy's eyes closed and smiled. She liked giving her friend pleasure. She rubbed the wash cloth all over her tits. Monica let go of the cloth and let it fall into the tub. She leaned in and kissed Ivy's nipples. Ivy's eyes quickly opened and she let out a startled gasp. She looked at Monica and grinned. 

Monica could feel Ivy's cock press against her chest when ever she leaned in to kiss her friend's breasts. Monica used her tongue and swirled it around Ivys nipples. She sucked on each one and kissed them all over. She rubbed the underside with her hand while sucking the nipples. She worshiped Ivy's breasts. Monica felt great, and Ivy was in heaven.

As Monica worshiped Ivy's big tits. Ivy started to gently rock her cock back and forth. The water in the bath started to ripple. Monica leaned in as close as possible. Ivy's cock was in between them. Ivy let her cock go up and down Monica's stomach and bumped the underside of her little boobs. Ivy got a mischievous look on her face. 

"Hold you breasts together," Ivy commanded. 

"Like this?" Ivy showed her how with her own tits. Monica looked confused, but did it any way. 

Ivy raised her hips up till she felt the tip of the cock in the bottom of Monica's tits. She pushed a little and felt her cock slide in between Monica's boobs. Ivy pushed it to the top and through till her cock hit Monica's chin. Monica had to use both hands to hold her tits together because Ivy's cock was so big. This turned Ivy on. She slowly pulled back and then forward. It was hard work to titty fuck her friend while sitting in the tub, water sloshing around. Ivy really got into it and water was splashing all over the floor as she continued to titty fuck her best friend . All of a sudden, with out being asked, Monica pointed her chin down and licked the cock every time it came through her breasts. Ivy was really enjoying this, Monica was perfect. 

Monica let go of her tits and grabbed Ivy's cock. Ivy made a sound of disappointment, but gave a moan of pleasure when Monica stuck the cock in her little mouth. Monica's mouth was warm, and barely fit around Ivy's cock. Monica started to suck on the tip and move down the shaft. She could only get 3 or 4 inches in, but Ivy loved it. She did not want to hurt Monica so she let her judge the depth that she could take. Monica hade never sucked a cock, and Ivy did not want Monica's first time to be a bad experience. 
