 Ivy had done some research. She had not figured out why or what had happened to her but she knew she was a Futa. Some sort of weird Japanese manga character.

She had looked on the web, but did not find any real life cases. She saw lots of cartoon porn and some fakes of celebrities with cocks but nothing real. She had even read about babies being born with both sets of reproductive organs but never had someone just grown one at the age of 18.

She was still a little frightened by all of the changes. It wasn't only the cock. Her tits were bigger, her pussy was more sensitive, and she had loved it when Monica had played with her asshole. 

She found that she was attracted to both sexes but she liked fucking women more. They were softer and gentler. When she fucked a man however, she felt in control and powerful. She had fucked her step-dad, a couple of drunks at work, and her best friend. Fucking Monica was the best, she was perfect. It had been Monica's first time and Ivy hoped it was special for her. 

Ivy's appetite for sex was insatiable. She was always thinking about sex. She wondered if all guys were like this. She found herself eyeing up every girl she saw no matter what. She would play games in her head. She would try to guess their panty color and what they tasted like. She also noticed that everyone was staring and turning their heads to look at her. It seemed like everyone was slowly undressing her with their eyes and fucking her in their heads. She had done a good job of avoiding her mother, but at some point they would need to talk. 

Ivy heard her door open slowly with soft creak. She had been laying in bed the last hour just thinking and trying to process everything that had happened recently. She did not work 'till 10 am and she was still tired from the other night. She cracked one eye open and saw Rick come into her room. He was a cum hungry slut now. It was like he was addicted to her. Every time that Ivy's mom left early for work, Rick would come in and suck her off. This time was no different. 

Rick crawled under the warm covers until he reached her cock. He had been told he could not touch any other part or body and he had respected that. Ivy felt him pull her lacy white boy shorts down and felt his wet lips on her cock. She had grown again and her cock was now a full foot longer. It was massive and very sensitive. Luckily it also seemed to bend easily because she had to keep it hidden for the majority of the day.

Rick continued to suck, his mouth making soft slurping sounds as his tongue circled around the head. He put his mouth around it and move up and down with ease. He had become an expert at deep throat and was starting to deep throat her now. Ivy especially loved this part. She laid her head back and closed her eyes. She was enjoying the feeling. She laid there for 10 minutes, feeling Rick suck, lick and kiss her cock. She was never gonna cum this way and she had shit to do. 

She pushed Rick's head away and ordered him on his knees. He looked up at her with a grin. He got off the end of the bed and moved in front of Ivy. Rick was on his knees with his bald head facing Ivy. The floor was hard but Rick could care less. Ivy placed her massive cock in his mouth and pushed it in till it hit the back. She still had another 8 inches to go. Rick took a deep breath and leaned forward. Ivy felt her cock slide down his throat. It felt warm and she could feel his throat muscles contract around her dick.

She watched with excitement as the bulge in his neck grew. Rick's mustache now hit her bald skin above her cock. His head was buried between her legs and she felt his chin against her balls. Ivy drew her hips back and slammed them forward violently fucking his face. Ivy's tits bounced up and down. She looked in the mirror and watched her self fuck her gross stepdad's face. She was hot. Her tits were glistening with a little moisture and her ass was pulled tight with the effort of fucking Rick's face. Her balls were slapping against his chin and her shaft shined with his saliva every time she pulled it out. 

She stuck a finger in her mouth and got it nice and wet. She watched herself reach into her hot ass and stick a finger up her tight little bum hole. With the anal stimulation she knew she wouldn't last long. She pushed her finger up as far as she could. She gently started to spin her finger back and forth. She could feel the folds inside her ass and she loved it. Monica had helped her discover this new pleasure zone. Ivy moved her finger back and forth until she couldn't take any more, and then fired off her cum onto Rick's fat stomach. She felt her anus clinch around her finger while she came. 

Rick knew the drill. He swallowed most of the cum, but left a mouth full. Ivy laid back down on the bed. Rick stood over her with a mouth full of Ivy's delicious cum. She opened her mouth. Rick moved in close to her but did not touch her and let the cum drop into her mouth. It streamed out of his mouth and dropped into her waiting tongue. A little landed on her lips and she quickly licked it up. She loved it, she could never get enough of her own cum. Rick turned to leave like he was taught.

"Hold on," Ivy said. " I got a treat for you." 

Ivy held up the finger that had been in her ass. Rick looked at it. He did not know what she wanted. 

"Suck the ass juice off my finger," Ivy ordered. 

Rick took her hand gingerly as if it was an offering from heaven and placed the finger in his mouth. He treated her finger like it was her cock. Ivy watched him with fascination. She could get him to do anything. After he sucked it for a couple of minutes, Ivy sent him out so she could get ready. 

The hot teen stood in her room naked, thinking about her power over Rick and wondering how big her cock was going to get. When she was erect, she could almost tit fuck herself. The idea sort of excited her. Her tits had stopped growing when they were 34D, and looked like two small flesh mountains on her chest. Her areola's were a shade darker and her nipples stood up perfectly straight like little houses sitting on top those mountains. Her waist was as slim as ever and she had never been out of shape, but now she seemed perfect. 

Ivy was enjoying the view in the floor length mirror. Her new cock hung almost to her knees and she took a quick look at the clock hanging above the mirror. She had to get ready for work, and looked around for her ribbon. She didn't know if real cocks could do what her's could, but when flaccid it could bend easily. She sort of folded it in half and tied it to the inside of her leg with the ribbon. She selected her blue lace thongs from the drawer and pulled them on. The thong made her ass look amazing. The lace felt great rubbing between her ass checks. 

She pulled on her uniform consisting of khaki shorts and a golf tee. She knew how to manipulate her bra and shirt to show the most cleavage, while still being "a little" modest. She pulled on some thigh high socks and finished off the outfit with a pair of Chuck Taylor's. They were pink and matched her shirt. She knew she looked a little slutty, but also loved the tips that she got. 

Ivy went into the bathroom and finished getting ready for work. She put on a little makeup and put her hair up into a pony tail. She was hoping for a big day. She wanted to do something special for Monica, but she did not know what. As she left, she noticed Rick sitting at the table doing nothing. 

"Go find a job, fuck face." Ivy told him with a sneer as she walked out the door. 

Ivy drove to work trying to think what she should do for Monica. When she pulled up, the parking lot was pretty full, good she thought, more tips.

Ivy checked her uniform and then walked in the back of the country club and let herself into the back office. It was a large office with no windows. There was a door that went into the club but this was an employee entrance. It was a little outdated with wood paneling and a bunch of ugly pictures of golf holes from around the world. There was a desk with a couple of chairs facing the person at the desk. Sitting in a leather chair was her boss Steve and a girl that she had never seen before sat in one of the chairs opposite of him. 

"Good! Right on time as usual." Ivy's boss said. 

Steve swallowed when he saw her and Ivy knew he was fucking her with his mind right now. She could see his eyes glaze over and his brain stop working. He was another big perv like Rick. He was probably 40 and he might have been good looking but had stopped taking care of himself. He always wore golf shorts and shorts. His belly was big but he had all his hair. He was nice to Ivy but she still thought that he was disgusting. 

Ivy turned on the charm. Steve had been giving her the best shifts so she could care less what he was thinking. She puffed out her enormous tits, licked her lips a little and smiled. She did a half turn and looked at Steve over her shoulder. She could tell he was enjoying the side view of her tits and ass. 

"Yup you know me, always on time. Something up?" She replied. 

"Oh yeah," Steve gulped again as he took her in. "This is Sara, she is just starting. I thought she could shadow you today and learn the ropes." Shit, Ivy thought I am going to have to share my tips. She looked at the girl. She appeared to be the same age as Ivy. Steve sure knew how to pick girls. She was cute and was smiling. 

Sara stood up and stuck her hand out to shake Ivy's had. They shook hands awkwardly and smiled at one another. Sara was a little taller the Ivy. She had sandy blond hair that was pulled up in a pony tail. She had an oval face with nice brown eyes. Her lips were full and her teeth were perfect. She had in light pink lipstick and had a little make up on. Ivy could tell that she spent time outside because she was so tan. Sara wore a similar outfit to Ivy but not nearly as well. She had on khaki shorts, a yellow golf shirt with only the top button undone, short white socks, and white tennis shoes. 

"Hi," Sara said. 

Ivy returned the greeting and then started to turn around. "Follow me," she said. 

"Thanks for your help." Steve said staring at the girls asses as the they left the office. 

Ivy led Sara around the building and down to the cart garage and showed her where to pick up the beer cart and where to go to load it. She showed Sara how the cart worked and they talked a little about their life. 

Turns out Sara was 18 and had also just finished high school. She went to a different high school across town. She was going to college upstate and just needed a little spending money. Sara told Ivy that she did not have a boyfriend and had not for a while. Ivy wondered why. 

Ivy drove the cart around the course and showed Sara the ropes. They quickly became friends. She gave Sara tips on how to maximize profits and suggested that she get tighter shorts and wear a push up bra. Ivy showed her how to roll up the waist of her shorts so that the ass was tight and more leg showed. 

The day had been going great. Most of the guys had given them huge tips and Ivy didn't think she was going to lose out on much money. It seemed like because Sara was with her she was actually getting even more tips. As they were loading beer for their third trip around the course, Sara's hand brushed Ivy's as they got out of the cart. It seemed like an accident and Ivy didn't think anything of it. 

"Sorry." Sara stammered, blushing a little. 

"No problem" Ivy replied looking at the girl, wondering why she was blushing. Ivy walked around the cart when she turned toward the back she ran right into to Sara. 

Ivy felt her tits press against Sara. "Um sorry" Ivy said embarrassed that they had run into each other. 

"It's ok," Sara said as she reached out and squeezed Ivy's hand. 

They climbed back into the cart. Ivy was feeling a little weird but didn't know why. She started down the path of hole 18 to sell more beer. 

Out of the blue Sara said "You are the prettiest girl I've ever seen Ivy. You look perfect. Do you work out?"

It was Ivy's turn to blush. "Yeah a little, I used to swim and cheerlead in high school." Ivy said. 

"Now I fuck" Ivy thought. Ivy giggled a little at the thought. 

"What's funny?" Sara asked.

"Oh nothing, just thinking about school." She replied. 

"I'm not joking, you are hot. You must have all the boys." Sara continued. 

"Single now, no dumb ass boyfriend" Ivy told her matter-of-factly. 

"Ohh, sorry" Sara said, then looked away.

Ivy felt Sara's hand on top of hers. This was not an accident. She looked over at Sara. She was grinning. Ivy wondered what was going on and then Sara moved her hand up and down Ivy's arm petting it. Her nipples harden and she felt her cock twitch. Sara had lost the grin and now looked at Ivy lustfully. Sara's brown eyes were locked on Ivy's tits and her tongue was sticking out a tiny bit. Ivy noticed a slight bead of sweat on the teen's forehead. All of a sudden, Sara let go of Ivy's arm and turned away. 

"I have to pee" Sara said hurriedly.

They were way out on the golf course and there were golfers all over the course. The only place to stop was the bathroom on the course. They were the decent bathrooms, and the woman's one was generally clean. Ivy drove the cart towards the bathroom. Sara started stroking her arm again. Ivy wondered what her new teen friend was up to. Ivy was nervous about what could happen. What if Sara found out her secret?Ivy could tell the girl liked her but Ivy was unsure what she wanted. Sara was hot and her body was beautiful but was it worth it?

When they got to the bathroom Sara jumped off the cart. Looking back, "You coming in?" she said slyly. 

Ivy made up her mind. She was so horny, and had not been able to jerk off all day, she would just need to be careful. She scrambled out of the cart. She put it in park as she jumped out. Sara got to the bathroom first and went in before Ivy could get there. Ivy opened the door and stepped in. It smelled like cleaner and was dim, there was only one light, a toilet and a sink. Ivy felt arms push her back against the door. Sara was leaning in close. Ivy reached with her hand and locked the door.

Sara kissed her with force. Ivy felt her tongue exploring her mouth. She kissed her back and Sara's tongue was deep in her mouth. Her lips were locked in tight and Sara was pushing her up against the door. She felt Sara's tits press against hers. Ivy's nipples hardened and she felt her pussy moisten. Ivy's cock strained against its restraint. Ivy let herself go to her desires. She wanted Sara, and wanted her now. Ivy fumbled to get Sara's shirt off. 

They broke the embrace and pulled their shirts off. Both girls looked amazing.They struggled with Sara's bra strap and when it was finally off, Ivy gazed at her chest. Sara's tits were fantastic.They were large and perky. Her nipples stuck out and her areoles's were a pale pink. She had a wonderful line under her tits that seemed to make them stand out. 

Ivy got to work. She started on the right tit as she gently bit her new teen friend's nipple. Sara squeaked with delight. Ivy sucked and kissed that nipple. She felt it grow in her mouth while Ivy rolled her tongue around it. With her other hand she started to squeeze Sara's left breast. Ivy felt Sara struggling to un-latch her bra strap. 

Ivy pulled away, reached behind her and in did it for Sara. Her bra hit the floor and Sara grabbed both of Ivy's tits at once. She stuck her face in between Ivy's tits. Ivy shook them playfully. Sara giggled. Ivy felt her hot breath on her nipples and her tongue between her tits. Sara started to move down Ivy's stomach.

"Not so fast." Ivy breathed, as she pulled Sara up, kissed her lips quickly, and the spun her around. 

Ivy pushed Sara forward toward the sink. Sara stumbled a little and grabbed the sink with both hands. Her back was facing Ivy and her ass was pointing up at her. She looked back at Ivy. Ivy could see Sara's nice tits in the small bathroom mirror. Ivy smiled as she had almost given up her secret. Ivy moved toward Sara and ran a finger down her back. 

This sent chills all over Sara. Ivy reached around Sara and undid her shorts. Ivy helped Sara wiggle out of them. Sara was wearing black lacy boy shorts. They made her ass look wonderful. Ivy playfully smacked Sara's ass. She caressed the small red spot and slipped her hand between Sara's legs. Sara was dripping wet. Ivy rubbed her pussy through the panties. Sara was moaning and groaning with pleasure. Ivy felt the soft lips of her new friend's pussy over her panties. 

Ivy pulled Sara's panties down. Sara lifted her leg a little so Ivy could get her panties off. Ivy noticed Sara's pussy was dripping wet. Ivy looked at her and then bent down. Ivy slowly kissed Sara's ass. She would take small little nips and Sara would yelp. Then Ivy would rub the spot with her tongue. Ivy could smell the young women's sex. Ivy's cock was fully engorged but Ivy wasn't done playing yet. Ivy stuck her face in between Sara's legs. She pressed her tongue into the space between her legs. Ivy tasted the sweet pussy nectar and knew she needed more. 

Ivy licked each side of Sara's smooth pussy. She would dart her tongue in and lap up the pussy juice and then pull it out and run her tongue over the lips. Ivy's hand reached around to finger her clit. Sara was not shaved bald but she was well trimmed. Ivy felt a little tuft of hair and then Sara's clit. Ivy rubbed the clit while still tonguing her pussy. Ivy was hooked as this felt like ecstasy. 

Sara started to gasp. Ivy could tell that she was about to cum. Ivy grabbed her waist and pulled it towards her head. Ivy stuck her tongue in Sara's pussy as far as it would go. Sara screamed. Ivy tasted her juices. She felt them run over her tongue and into her mouth. The juices dropped down her chin and landed on her big tits. 

Sara spun around and pulled Ivy up. She kissed ivy deeply.

"That was amazing!" she told Ivy. "Now it's your turn."

"I have a secret," Ivy told Sara. 

"What? Your not a virgin?" Sara playfully responded. 

"Just promise me you won't freak out," was Ivy's response. 

"Uhmm OK?" Sara said coolly. 

Ivy slowly pulled down her shorts. She quickly let the ribbon fall to the floor. Even with her blue lace panties Ivy's cock stood out in all it's glory. Ivy looked into Sara eyes as she pulled her 12 inch cock out. Sara's eyes got huge as she stared at the cock. 

"Are you a boy?" Sara questioned. 

"I'm not sure. I grew up with a pussy and this thing started to grow about a month ago." Ivy answered. "I still have a pussy and my tits have grown."

Sara reached out and took Ivy's cock in her hand. "It's real and the biggest I've ever seen. Its amazing. 

"You good?" Ivy cautiously asked her new friend. 

"I'm more than good! I'm wet again. Turn around I want to see if you really have a pussy." Sara said. 

Ivy turned around and spread her legs. Sara got down on her knees and peered between Ivy's legs. Ivy's pussy was glistening, her lips were moist, and they drew Sara in. Sara looked at the beautiful pussy. She spread Ivy's ass cheeks and Ivy's little pucker looked so cute. Sara could see Ivy's balls hanging down, but her cock was standing up. 

Sara leaned in and kissed Ivy's pink flower. She slid her tongue in the folds and sucked on each one. She rubbed Ivy's thighs, and groped her ass. Sara continued to lick and suck Ivy's perfect pussy. She made her tongue ridged and ran it over Ivy's pussy lips. Ivy quivered as she felt Sara's young tongue inside of her. She felt Sara run her tongue through her folds and deep into her pussy. Ivy's juices were running nonstop. Ivy moved her hands to her breasts and rubbed them all over. 

Sara pulled her face out from between Ivy's legs. "You're a perfect sex machine, I love it." She told Ivy. 
