 Ivy sat at the kitchen table eating her breakfast, she had a small bowl of cereal. Her mother had just left for work. She was struggling internally with keeping her secret from her mother. She loved her mom and had mostly shared everything with her. Lately she had barely spoken to her. Her mother had suggested she see a therapist, because her mother thought the new distance had something to do with the break in a few weeks ago. Ivy told her mother that she just needed a little more time. If her mother only knew. 

After her mother left Rick sulked in asking to suck her dick. Ivy had denied him for the third day in a row. She was experimenting with him, and she had grown tired of him. It had been two days since she had fucked her hot new teen friend Sara. Ivy was horny as hell, but was trying to get ahold of her self. She had decided not to let Rick suck her cock anymore, and she was also trying to masturbate less. This was the hard part, her cock felt like it constantly needed attention. Luckily she was off last two days, and was focused on learning how to control herself. 

After being denied for a few days Rick was more like himself. Ivy wonder what that meant. He still asked, even pleaded the first day, but seemed less in her control. She wondered what her effect had been on Monica or Sara. She had spoken to both, and they both had been gushing, but what did it all mean. She needed more time to figure this out. She was to leave for college in 5 weeks, and wanted answers. 

To help figure this out she came up with a plan. She had invited Monica and Sara over for a girls night. Both said they could make it. Ivy spoke with Monica for a long time the previous day. She had told her about Sara, and surprisingly Monica was exited to meet Ivy's new friend. Ivy had tried to explain to Monica her feelings, but didn't have the words, maybe in person it would be easier. There was only one catch to the girls night. Her mother had told her this morning before she left that her and Rick were going to Rick's moms for the night. They weren't comfortable leaving the girls alone with what happened the last time. Her mother told Ivy that her older cousin Greg had agreed to come stay the night at the house. 

Ivy was unsure about Greg. He was 26 and worked at a local bank. Ivy had never spent much time with him because of the age difference. Ivy had hung out with his younger sister Olivia more. Olivia was two years older then Ivy and was at the same college that Ivy was headed too. 

Greg had always been nice, but being so much older he was kinda distant at family get togethers. Ivy's mother had told her that Greg was going out with a friend, but should be there by 11 pm. Ivy's friends were going to be over for dinner, Ivy had already ordered pizza and bought new nail polish. She had also secretly bought some new lingerie, for them to try on. That gave them about 4 hours to experiment before Greg got there. Ivy had to work till 5, she would pick up the pizza on her way home.

Ivy got off work, and swung by the pizza place. She picked up her order and went to the house. It was a little after 5 and her friends were going to be there at 6. When she got to the house, she got dinner ready and waited for her friends. She hoped they would like each other, and that they might help her learn more about herself. 

Ivy got herself ready quickly. She pulled her hair up and put into two little pigtails. She found a small green shirt that she had to stretch to pull over her massive tits. Her belly button was exposed. She pulled on a black thong, that showed her nice round ass. Her shorts were white, and cut so the bottom of her ass cheeks hug out. She stuffed her cock into the shorts but there was a sizable bulge showing. She looked at her self in the mirror. She was a goddess. 

Monica showed up first. Monica looked amazing as usual. Ivy gave her a big hug, then looked her in the eyes and kissed her passionately. She stuck her tongue in Monica's mouth and savored the taste of her best friend. After a few minutes of exploring she broke their embrace. 

"I missed you" Monica said excitedly. 

"Me too" Ivy replied. "You looking fucking good enough to eat." 

"I can't wait." Monica grinned with a twinkle in her eye. 

She must have snuck out because she was wearing super tight blue jeans and the tightest tee shirt Ivy had ever seen her in. It was light blue and clung to her body like a glove. Ivy could see the outline of her bra. She had her hair pulled up like always but it was a little higher and hung over her shoulder. She had on light makeup, but her eyes said everything. She wanted Ivy, maybe even needed her. Ivy spun her around to get a good look. Her ass was tight in her jeans and Ivy cupped it a little as she spun around. 

She felt her cock stiffen a little. She wanted Monica bad. It didn't help that she had not had sex in two days, and that her friend wanted it so badly. Both girls stepped into the house and closed the door. They continued to make out in the hallway. Squeezing each other and kissing passionately. Monica started to kiss Ivy's delicate neck. Ivy's eyes closed and she tilted her head back enjoying the gentle sucking. 

Ivy's trance was broken by a knock on the door, it must be Sara. Ivy grinned her best friend and her newest friend together, it was so hot. Ivy broke her embrace and opened the door. Sara jumped at her and planted a kiss on her moist lips. Ivy felt Sara's tongue force its way into her mouth. This is why Sara was so great, she had no inhibitions. Ivy returned the kiss and squeezed her ass. Ivy felt Sara's hand wonder down to her cock. Sara rubbed Ivy's cock over her shorts. 

"Hello," Ivy heard Monica say. 

Ivy pulled away from Sara, and turned to Monica. Ivy smiled at her best friend and made kissy lips. "Monica, Sara, Sara, Monica." Ivy introduced the two. 

The both smiled and said hello. Monica gave Sara a little side hug. Ivy and Monica took Sara in. She was smoking hot. She was wearing tiny jean shorts. The bottom of her ass was hanging out and you could almost make out her pussy lips. She wore a tiny gray halter top that just covered her big tits. There was plenty of side boob showing, and Ivy wondered how she kept it on. Sara's hair was combed and down, and she had light pink lipstick on. The only thing that she was wearing that wasn't sexy were some flip flops, but Ivy could forgive her for it.

Ivy led both friends to the kitchen. They all sat around and made small talk while eating their pizza. They talked about their future, about going to college, and Ivy's job. Monica said she was nervous about bible college, but that she was ready. Ivy also told them about Greg, her cousin, both girls cried out in disbelief, but knew they did not have a choice. 

When they had finished their pizza Ivy looked at both friends. "I need your help tonight, I have been doing some tests with my new part, but I can't do them on my own." Both girls grinned and shook their heads up and down. 

"Let's go up to my bedroom . I will be more comfortable there." Ivy said and took the girls up stairs. Ivy's ass swayed as she went up the stairs, both friends eyes locked in on the beautiful piece of art. Ivy looked over her shoulder and smiled. She had both of them right where she wanted them. 

Ivy stepped into her room. "Please, both of you sit on the bed." The girls moved to the bed and sat down. "Scoot in close you too, we are going to get a lot closer tonight." Ivy said giggling. 

Ivy stood in front of both of them. "Tell me what you see, be honest." Ivy asked. 

Monica spoke up first. "I see my best friend. You are so beautiful, nothing compares to you. Not on tv or in real life. Ivy you reek of femininity, yet you have this allure that makes you exotic. When I saw you today I wanted you to make love to me right away, I didn't want to wait."

Sara chirped in. "You are fucking amazing, look at you. You are gorgeous in your little green tee. Your tight little shorts and your nice bulge. You even make your socks sexy. You smell like a rose, and your smile is fantastic. If I didn't know you, I would have thought you would have been photoshopped. I want you to fuck me, put your dick in my pussy and make me cum. I want you Ivy, and I can't think about anything else." 

"Me too, I can't stop thinking about you." Monica agreed.

"How often do you think about me?"

"All the time" both girls said in unison. 

"That's kinda what I thought. Have you obsessed over any one else like this before?" Both girls shook their heads no.

Monica said "I never felt like this about anyone, I have also never met anyone with breast like yours, and the worlds best cock." She was grinning. 

Sara was looking at Monica. "Let's jump her, two of us, one of her. We'll tie her up and ride her cock into the sunset."

All three girls broke out in belly laughs. "Let's get this party started" Sara said quickly pulling off her top and grabbing her large tits. 

Monica looked at her shyly, she was not used to being so forthcoming. She looked at Ivy who was gazing at Sara tit's and grinning. 

"Not yet," Ivy said. "I want us to try some things first and play some games." Sara made a pouty face, but then looked at Ivy. 

"First test," Ivy held up a bucket. "Time to measure my cum. I have not masturbated in 24 hours and am horny as hell, let's see how much cum you too can milk out of me with your mouths."

"That's a test I can get in to." Sara said sliding off the bed and reaching to undo Ivy's shorts. 

Monica was a little slower, but followed Sara's example. Sara unzipped Ivy's shorts, and pulled them down to the floor. Ivy's black thong made her ass pop. Her cock hung on the left side, tied up with pink ribbon. It was only slightly hard and was folded over so it would not hang out of her shorts. She was completely shaved, and smooth. Her balls were tucked into her thong. Her pussy was slightly moist. Sara pulled the ribbon and Ivy's cock perked up in all its glory. It was huge. The cock rippled with perfection. The tip was perfectly shaped, the shaft was thick with veins, and her balls hung beautifully under them. Even though it was the biggest cock any of them had ever seen, they all thought it still locked girlish.

Ivy stood with her cock hanging out. Her tank top still covered her tits. Her pretty little panties covered nothing, but both friends now focused their eyes on her massive shaft. Sara started to rub it up and down with her hand. She reached down and grabbed a ball and gave it a gentle tug. Ivy groaned a little. While Sara was playing with the balls Monica leaned down and kissed the tip. She stuck her tongue out and swirled it around. The cock was huge, Monica was not sure exactly how to handle it. She looked to Sara for guidance, but the girl now had a huge ball in her mouth and was stroking the cock with her other hand. Monica felt hands on her head. She looked up and saw Ivy looking down at her. 

"Let me help" Ivy told her friend. 

Ivy guided Monica's mouth onto the head on her hard cock. Monica's lips parted and Ivy slowly slid her cock into her best friends mouth. Her mouth was soft, warm, and Ivy felt her tongue press against the bottom of her shaft. Ivy pushed her cock in as far as she could. Ivy got about 4 inches in when she hit the back of Monica's mouth. Monica made a gagging sound and pulled back. Ivy then pushed back in and then slowly pulled out. Monica started to suck vigorously, as she twirled her tongue around the shaft. 

Sara continued to work the balls. First the right and then the left. At times she would move her tongue up and down the other eight inches of cock that Monica left available. Sara's one hand was stroking Ivy's cock and the other was in her own little shorts finger fucking her tight pussy. Sara was so wet a wet spot could been seen on her shorts. 

Ivy was enjoying the view. She could tell that Sara was playing with herself and it turned her on more. Monica was focused on the cock and still had all her clothes on. Ivy wanted to remedy that. She reached down and pulled her friend off her cock. Monica stood up and looked at Ivy. 

"Off with your top. I want to see your beautiful breasts." Ivy said seductively. 

Monica pulled her tee off. She was wearing a little black bra which she quickly undid. Ivy leaned forward and gave her a kiss. While Monica was distracted, Sara had moved up to the head of the cock. Sara was now sucking Ivy's cock with zeal. Ivy felt the change. Sara was more commanding, less shy. Ivy wondered if she could take the whole thing. She had not tried it since she had gained her full length, but felt like now she should try. Ivy pulled away from Monica, and took Sara's head with two hands. Sara looked up at Ivy and knew what was next. 

Ivy pushed her cock to the back of Sara's mouth. She felt the hard back of her throat. Then Sara took a breath through her nose and pushed her self forward. Ivy felt the resistance evaporate. Her cock slid down Sara's throat all the way to the balls. Ivy could feel Sara throat trying to swallow her cock. 

"Holy shit," Monica gasped. "She took the whole thing." 

Ivy pulled out and let Sara breathe, then slid it back in. She stared to face fuck Sara hard. Monica reached under and tugged on Ivy's balls. Ivy was not going to last long. She started to feel her balls swell and knew she was about to explode. Ivy quickly pulled out. Sara gasped for breath as pre cum and spit spilled out of her mouth. Ivy grabbed the bucket and handed it to Monica who got ready to catch the explosion. Sara ran her hand down Ivy's shaft and then tugged her balls one last time when Ivy screamed out in ecstasy. 

Cum exploded out of her cock. Monica held the bucket firmly and made sure not to spill a drop. Ivy continued to squirt gooey cum into the bucket for two minutes. When she finally finished, she slumped onto her bed. Looking at her two beautiful friends she smiled and wiped sweet from her face. 

"Wow, that was amazing, thanks girls." Ivy said. 

Monica grinned. "Time to measure."

Monica put the bucket down on Ivy's desk. She spun around, and headed for the door. Her tight ass jumped as she ran down the stairs topless to grab a measuring cup. She grabbed the first one she found in the kitchen. She then ran back up to Ivy's bedroom to start measuring the cum. When she came into the room, Ivy was now sitting up on the bed and Sara was next to her. Sara's shorts were also lying at the foot of the bed, but she still had on her panties. They were ruffled and red, and Monica could see the wet spot where her clit was. Monica was also wet, but still had her jeans on. 

"Damn, your hot" Sara said to Monica as she bounced into the room with the measuring cup. "Your breast are beautiful, and I love how your hair bounces around, your like a yummy gymnast."

Monica blushed, she was not use to sexual compliments from any one. "Thanks," she said timidly looking away from her friends. 

Monica dipped the cup in the bucket, it came out full. "1/4 of a cup" she said. Then she put the cup to her lips and poured it into her mouth. 

The two other girls watched as she moved the cum around her mouth with her tongue. Monica's eyes were closed as she tasted her best friends cum. She slowly started to swallow. The other girls watched as the cum went down her throat and into her tight little tummy. 

"Our turn!" They both yelled. 

Monica filled the cup up 4 more times. There was so much cum. The girls took turns drinking it, and watching each other drink it. They all agreed it tasted feminine, not strong but a little like rose water that had been mixed with salt. It was also very addictive, and they all wanted more. 

When they had finished the last little bit, Sara grabbed Monica by the belt loops and pulled her in close and planted a kiss right on the mouth. Monica initially tried to push her away, but with a quick look over to Ivy who was smiling at her friends she gave in. Monica felt Sara's tongue in her mouth, so she pushed hers into Sara's mouth. Monica then moved her hands to Sara's back and started to massage her back gently. Monica was still in her jeans, but Sara just had her panties on. There tits were pressed together and both girls nipples started to harden. Sara pulled away from Monica. She smiled at the teen, and then placed her breast into her mouth. Sara swirled her tongue around Monica's nipple and gently nipped it with her teeth. Monica squeaked with delight. Sara used her other hand to rub Monica's other tit. Monica was moaning gently. She was still standing next to the bed, so Sara pulled her down. Now all three girls were on the bed. 

Ivy was completely naked, her cock was semi-hard. She was gently stroking it as she watched the two other teens make out. Sara and Monica were really going at it. It looked like Monica's eyes had rolled back into her head. Ivy watched as Sara moved from tit to tit sucking and swirling. Monica was really into it. Sara's hand moved down to Monica's jeans. She unbuttoned her jeans and slid her hand into her jeans. Monica bucked a little as Sara's fingers grazed over her clit. Monica let out a little yelp and then grinned. She quickly pulled away from Sara and pulled her jeans off. Her panties were plain and green, however they were dripping with pussy juice. Monica pulled them off and threw them to the side. 

Ivy quickly snatched them up and held them to her nose, as she watched Sara rub Monica's clit. Sara looked into Monica's eyes as she rubbed her mons. She quickly stuck a finger deep into Monica's moist pussy. It was so wet there was little resistance. Monica continued to groan. Ivy's cock was now hard again. She loved watching Sara fuck the 18 year old nubile church girl. Monica opened her eyes and looked at Ivy. Ivy grinned. 

"Time for the next experiment." Ivy stated. 

Ivy pulled Monica away from Sara. Sara made a small noise of disappointment, but just turned to watch what was going to happen. Ivy pulled Monica on top of her a planted a hot kiss on her best friends lips. They embraced passionately for a few minutes, until Ivy pushed Monica up. 

"Wanna go for a ride?" Ivy asked

Monica shock her head yes. Sara watched wantonly as Monica climbed up Ivy's cock. Ivy helped her guild her cock to the entrance of Monica's dripping wet slit. Monica lowered her self onto her best friends cock. She felt as the head penetrated her pussy and then she let gravity do its job. Monica's cunt was so tight this was only the second time that she had been fucked. Ivy didn't think she would be able to get it all in, but watched in wonder as Monica's cunt expanded to hold the gigantic cock. It felt wonderful. Ivy felt like her cock was in a tight warm embrace. She could feel Monica's pussy walls contracting and pulling on her cock, and then it got better. 

Monica pushed her self up with her hands. She was watching her best friend, with her pussy full of cock and saw look of pure enjoyment on Ivy's face. Monica bounced. She would roll her ass up until just the tip was still in her and then slam herself back down till she could feel Ivy's balls. Monica cried out with pleasure, she had never felt anything like this before. Her pussy was dripping juice and was on fire at the same time. 

Ivy watched her friend take her whole cock. She watched as Monica rolled up its shaft and then slammed back down. Ivy was lucky she had already cum once or her experiment would have been ruined. 

Ivy looked over at Sara. "Will you eat my pussy?" 

"Anything for you baby." Sara replied, jumping up quickly and kneeling on the floor between Ivy's legs.

Sara used one hand to gently rub Ivy's balls and then placed her young mouth on Ivy's glistening pussy lips. Monica looked over her shoulder and slowed down a little so as not to hurt Sara. Every time Monica was balls deep she was sitting on Sara's head. Monica thought it felt great feeling her hair tickle her ass. Sara was grateful that Monica was no longer slamming her self down. Sara's tongue was now exploring Ivy's moist love hole It smelled intoxicating and Sara thought that she felt like it was getting her a little drunk. Sara's lips played with Ivy's lips. She would pull Ivy's lips with her mouth while sticking her tongue down in the slit. She used her thumb to rub her new teen friends clit. Ivy was moaning and growing, Sara could tell her friend loved what was happing. 
