 Sara and Monica looked at Greg, and continued to giggle. They thought that he was cute, but mostly were disappointed their fun was over. Ivy introduced everyone to each other and then suggested that they go watch a movie. 

Everyone agreed, and headed to the living room. Ivy and Greg continued to catch up on their lives as they walked into the living room. The other two teens decided to make some popcorn, and got some drinks in the kitchen. Sara melted some butter to pour over the pop corn. 

Sara playful stuck her finger in the butter and then held it out to Monica. Monica looked at it and gave it a great big lick. They both burst out laughing. Sara than reached around Monica and gave her ass a squeeze. 

Monica was a bit tense. She had just had sex with Sara, but Ivy had been there. This was a little different, Ivy was in the other room and she knew that her cousin was in there also. She liked Sara and the teen was beautiful, but what if Ivy got jealous. Her new friend moved her hand up and down her ass. It felt wonderful, and Monica decided to play along a little. 

Monica leaned in and kissed Sara on the lips. She felt her wet lips open and her tongue reach out. She slipped her tongue alongside her new friends and sucked and licked. Sara tasted so good. Monica's hands moved up and down Sara's bare back. She slipped one hand underneath Sara's halter top and squeezed her boob. 

Sara moaned with pleasure. She pulled Monica's tongue into her mouth and sucked hard. Monica loved it. It excited her that they might get caught, and it turned her on. She felt Sara's hand slide under her new boy shorts and down her ass. It felt strange almost greasy. Monica felt pressure at her rear entrance and felt Sara's finger slid warmly into her asshole. Monica almost came. She tugged on Sara's tit and groaned as best she could with her tongue stuck in Sara's mouth.

Sara had dipped her finger in the warm butter and was now rubbing the inside of Monica's asshole. She felt her friend quiver and new she could make her cum. It was a little tight but she managed to get two fingers in. She gently moved her fingers back and forth, up, and down. 

The two teens continued to kiss and rub each other. Sara's free hand stared to grope Monica's breasts through her shirt. She increased the pace of her other hand. Feeling as the tight little anus loosened. Monica was now audibly groaning and moaning. As the fingers slide up and down a third one was inserted. Initially Monica felt a little pain, but after pure ecstasy. 

Monica felt her rear fill, and her ass was pulling and pushing her hot friends three fingers. She loved the feeling, she had not completely forgotten about getting caught, and it made it even more exciting. Monica shoved her free hand down the front of her pants. All the anal stimuli had her sopping wet, and she needed to cum. 

They broke their kiss, and Sara watched as her friend pushed her self over the edge. Sara pumped her fingers faster and faster in the stretched out asshole, while Monica rubbed her clit and pussy. Monica felt the orgasm coming on and started to scream out. Sara kissed her just in time, wrapping her mouth around the hot teen. 

The orgasm was powerful and her knees were shaking. She moaned into Sara's mouth and felt her ass tighten around the fingers. Her pussy was dripping and her panties were soaked. Sara eased her fingers out of her ass and started to suck the butter and ass juice off her fingers. 

"You taste wonderful." Sara whispered into her ear. 

"That was great, my panties are soaked." She smiled then kissed her hot new friend. 

"You go get cleaned up, I'll distract the others." Sara told her. 

Monica agreed. She ran up stairs, while Sara took the popcorn into the living room. 

Sara walked into the living room grinning. Ivy and Greg both watched her as she walked in. Her little shirt barley covered her tits, and her shorts were so short. Both licked their lips, but Greg feeling embarrassed looked away quickly. 

"Here you go." Sara said handing out popcorn. 

She plopped down on the couch next to Ivy, and gave her leg a quick squeeze. Ivy could tell that she had been up to something. 

"What we watching?" Sara asked. 

"Oh, just something Greg picked out. It is a documentary about climate change." Ivy answered. 

"Yea, it's really great. I met the director at a bank function a while back. You girls will love it."

Monica came bounding down the stairs. Ivy looked at her with a raised eyebrow. In her hand was a blanket. She sat down on the other side of Ivy and threw the blanket over all three girls laps. 

"I have been wanting to watch this for a while. The planet is so in trouble, don't you think Greg?" Monica asked. 

Greg looked at all three girls, he couldn't quite tell but it smelled a little like sex in the air. They were all so hot. He swallowed and then answered. 

"Yea, its important that everyone educate themselves, to many damn idiots in this country."

He replied. 

Just then the movie started, Greg turned around and watched the movie. Sara took advantage of Greg looking the other way. She slid her hand under the blanket over to Ivy's lap. She caressed Ivy's shaft through the teen girls' shorts. Ivy looked over at her and grinned. Her own hand reached under the blanket and unfastened the button on her shorts. She reached in feeling the bulge of her giant cock. She quickly undid the ribbon and then pulled her hand out. 

Ivy had just removed her hand when she felt Sara's slid in right after that. Sara grasped the firm shaft and worked it slowly keeping one eye on Greg. Ivy slid her ass down a little to give more access to Sara. She felt so dirty with her cousin in the room. Monica glanced over, saw the blanket moving and instantly new what was happing. 

She giggled and added her hand to the cock. It was so big it was hard to give a hand job, but both teens worked at it and Ivy was really enjoying it. 

The movie continued to play and Greg would say something and the girls would respond. Greg thought it was a little odd how close they were on the couch, but keep his mouth shut. He thought that the were hot and he was fantasizing about them while half way watching the movie. 

His cock was half hard, and he was glad that the girls could not see his lap from the couch. He found the three teens vary distracting. He kept trying to look over his shoulder and catch a glimpse of the girls. He knew he was a little older but they were so hot. He thought the he could hear something, but every time he looked over they were just sitting on the couch watching the movie. 

Ivy's two friends were really starting to turn up the heat. They had to use force to hold the massive cock down and we're having a hard time stroking it. Sara repositioned her self so that she could put her head on Ivy's lap. She let her feet hang over the side of the couch and her beautiful legs were exposed. She looked fantastic. Her face was now resting on Ivy's throbbing cock and her warm breath moved over it. 

Monica took her hand off the cock and started to play with Sara's hair. She was twirling it and twisting it. Greg looked over at the girls. He could not get over how hot they were. 

Ivy was close to coming, but she did not want to. She did not want to explain this to her cousin. She did not know what to do. 

Just then Sara sat up and said to Greg. "Greg do you like boobs."

Greg turned and just looked at her with his mouth open. Ivy had no idea what Sara was up to, but her cock was too hard to move. She knew if she even moved an inch her raging hard on would be exposed. 

"Well do you?"

"Sure. I like breasts." He finally answered. 

"What kind do you like best. Do you like big tits, small tits, or what."

Sara questioned. 

"This is getting strange, I think it is really about the women." Greg responded the best he could, his cock was now hard. 

"Do you like mine?" Sara said quickly pulling off her top and exposing her self to him

"Sara," Ivy hollered, "put you shirt on. Greg is my cousin. He doesn't want to see your tits."

"What about mine?" The normally shy Monica piped up. She pulled her shirt off and was undoing her bra. 

Ivy did not know what had come over her friends. Greg was her cousin and she could not let anything happen, but she was so horny after the hand job. Her cock was still super hard. She noticed Greg was looking at the exposed tits on both sides. 

"Ahh, there all nice." Greg stammered while he ogled the girls tits. 

"Well, which ones?" Sara continued to play her game. "Or do you like Ivy's best." 

"Shut up Sara." Ivy complained, but she was starting to wonder. 

"Come on, show him yours then we will know." Sara said

Ivy wondered if this is what her two friends had been up to. Greg looked at Ivy and tried to smile. What the hell Ivy thought. She used one hand to pull her shirt off and pressed down on the blanket to try and hold her cock in. All three girls now sat on the couch with their tops off. Their tits were fantastic. Greg could not figure out what just happened. Was he dreaming or had three 18 year old girls just taken their shirts off in front of him.

His dick was so hard. Sara's tits looked great, they were nice sized and had nipples that pointed slightly up. They were more then a handful and had a beautiful teardrop shape. Monica's were small but looked cute. Her breast glistened with a little sweat. Ivy's were the best, but how could Greg say that. She was his cousin. Her breast were massive. The hung perfectly on her body. Her nipples were large and were sticking out. 

"Damn, Greg we know Ivy's are the best." Sara declared

Greg gave a little grin. Sara moved her hands to Ivy's tits and started to play with them. "They feel great. Come on over here Greg. Feel them, you will never touch nicer ones." Sara continued. 

"I can't touch her, I should not even be looking at her." He replied, while staring at them. 

Ivy was hot. She needed to take control, but was struggling to figure out what to do. Sara's hands on her breast felt great. It was also exciting to know they were being watched. Ivy was scared about her cock. What would Greg do. Would he freak out and call his mom. Would he call her names. She was so confused, and yet she was so turned on.

All of a sudden Monica made her decision harder. She felt her best friends mouth close over her breast. Ivy looked at Greg as his jaw dropped. Ivy knew what she must do. 

"It's ok Greg. Just come over here. We won't tell." Ivy ordered. 

A glazed look appeared in his eyes. "But Ivy your my cousin." 

"It's ok, we won't tell if you don't." 

"I'll help him out." Sara said jumping up from the couch. The blanket covering Ivy's cock almost flew off, but Ivy pushed it down at the last second. 

Monica looked up grinning, and then went back to sucking and kissing Ivy's chest. Ivy wondered what Sara had in mind. This was getting out of control. Ivy watched as Sara pulled Greg out of his chair. Ivy noticed a nice bulge in his pants. Greg was liking this. 

"Oh, Greg." Sara exclaimed. "You look a little excited."

Sara stood in front of him topless. She was holding his hand and looking down at his pants. Sara was shorter then him, but not much. Ivy watched Sara's ass sway and this was causing her pussy to get moist. 

Greg looked at Sara and then Ivy. Greg was speechless. How could he of ever thought of this. He was looking at a hot blond 18 year old without a top, and over her shoulder was his gorgeous cousin having her tits sucked by another hot girl. His cock was raging hard. 

Greg felt hands in his shorts. He looked down. Sara was on her knees. Greg started to protest, but his cock popped out of his pants and into Sara's hand. Greg was now standing up in front of the television. His cock was out and he was almost sure he was about to get a blow job. He was staring at his hot cousin and she winked at him. 

Sara wrapped her hand around Greg's hard cock. It was big, about 7 inches, and well trimmed. Sara quickly looked up. Greg was looking at Ivy, it was time to get his attention. She pulled the cock toward her face. She had to tug his pants and boxers down. As she pulled him toward her he stumbled a little and put a hand on her head. 

Greg's cock slid into the hot blond's mouth. She used her tongue to work her way all the way around it. She knew she could take the whole thing but she was not going to give up all her tricks right away. She spit all over the cock and then really worked it. She used one hand to fondle his balls, and the other she slipped into her shorts. She had not put her panties back on and her finger slid easily into her moist slit. 

Ivy was grinning. She was also hard as a rock. Monica knew she would need relief but, wasn't sure if Ivy was ready to break the secret to Greg. So she do he only thing she could think off. She climbed out of the blanket and keeping it between her and Ivy's cock. She softly sat on the giant cock. She could feel the firmness of her best friend's cock and she was pretty sure that Greg did not notice the cock. 

She leaned in and gave Ivy a passionate kiss. She was slowly rocking her hips. Sliding up and down the shaft with the blanket and her shorts in between. The friction felt good, and from Greg's point of view it just looked like Monica was rubbing her self on Ivy's lap while the kissed. 

Greg could not believe what was happing. He was so horny. Sara was giving him a wonderful blow job. He did not know if he could take much more of her supple mouth. 

He watched as his cousin and her friend passionately kissed and rubbed their crotches together. It was like watching a lap dance while getting a blow job. 

He wasn't going to last. "I'm gonna cum." 

Sara felt his balls swell, and just as he was about to shoot his load in her mouth, she pushed the cock deep down her throat and let the cum spray down her throat. She felt each spurt and almost choked. She closed her eyes and enjoyed it. Her fingers slipped out of her wet pussy as the last load squirted into her throat. 

She looked up at Greg and smiled. Standing up, she wiped the spit off her lips and kissed him with vigor. She still had his cock in her hand and was gently squeezing it as they kissed. 

"We're not done with you yet." She whispered into his ear. 

Ivy watched her cousin blow his load into Sara's mouth, and Monica was rubbing her wet pussy all over her cock. Ivy could feel Monica juices through the blanket. She wondered why she no longer had her panties on. Ivy new she could not take any more. 

"Fuck" Ivy shouted. 

Monica stopped rubbing and looked at her in shock. Both Sara and Greg turned and stared. Ivy gently pushed Monica off onto the couch. She stood up and the blanket fell off. Her cock was sprouting out of her shorts and was standing at mast. It looked beautiful. It glistened with Monicas pussy juice, and was throbbing with a need to cum.

Greg mouth hung open. He wasn't sure what he was seeing. His younger cousin with her perfect tits had a giant cock. The biggest cock he had ever seen. It dwarfed his own cock, it was huge but different in some way. 

It was magical, Greg had never really looked at other cocks, but found that he could not look away. Sara still had his clock in her hands and he felt her start to stroke him again. He felt him self grow hard immediately. 

"Ivy, ahhh, I didn't know. I had also thought you were a girl." He stammered. 

"I am, and it's a long story, but you to have me so turned on I could not hold back any more. Please don't tell any one." Ivy said, looking into Greg's eyes. 

"Sure, but your mom knows right." Greg said fully aware that he was rock hard and Sara was still rubbing hard on his cock. 

"Yea, of course." She lied. 

Monica looked at her best friend, and was thinking how hard it was for her. So she did the only thing she could think of. She slid off the couch and pulled Ivy shorts the rest of the way of. 

The cock was huge as she wrapped her little hands around it and pulled it down to her lips. She licked and kissed the big beautiful cock head. She ran her hands back a forth, up, and down the shaft while kissing, sucking, and licking the top half. 

Greg was still in shock, though he was drawn to the cock for some reason. He knew he wasn't gay, but this seemed different. He was also so horny. He felt like he was loosing control and all he could think about was sex. It did not help that a hot teen had him by the cock. 

Ivy felt stuck. Monica was on her cock, but she wanted to explain to Greg. She had lied, but knew she could fix that. What was she suppose to do. Her cock seemed to be taking over and she knew she needed to cum. 

Greg helped out. "Uh, can I touch it." He heard him self say not understanding it, but knew he needed to.

Ivy looked him in the eyes. She was starting to understand the power she was developing. Her cousin had seen her cock for about two minutes, and he was already throwing all his inhibitions away. She could see the need in his eyes. He wanted her cock, but was she willing to let him. 

This was more taboo then her step father. Greg and her were related. They shared blood, their grandparents were the same people. Ivy was also pretty sure it was illegal. 

Her cock won. "By all means." She answered. 

Sara let go of his cock. He shuffled out of his shorts. Greg moved toward Ivy, his dick hard, and pointing to the sky. He was still wearing his shirt, Sara grabbed him and pulled it off. He was standing in front of Ivy completely naked with lust in his eyes. 

Monica pulled her mouth off of Ivy's cock. "Your turn." She said mischievously with a grin. Spit running down her chin. 

She stood up and moved off to the side. She helped Ivy get her shorts the rest of the way off and quickly took hers off. 

All four now were naked. Sara moved to Ivy's side and Monica to the other. Both girls put a breast in their mouth. They were sucking on the massive tits and rubbing their own dripping cunts. 

Greg reached out with his hand. He felt the hot moist cock. It was still dripping from Monica's saliva. A shot of electricity shot through his body. His own cock jumped with excitement. He watched as he moved his hand back and forth feeling the hard shaft in his hand. It was intoxicating. Greg wanted to taste it, but was still apprehensive. 

Ivy took control. "On your knees."

Greg dropped down, "now, you've watched porn, show me what you have seen." Ivy commanded. 

The cock stretched his mouth, but fit. He could taste the other girls spit, but there was also a different taste. Unlike anything he had tried before. He had the tip in his mouth and flicked his tongue out and licked the tip in his mouth. The cock was huge and he was unsure of how best to suck it. He had seen it done a hundred times, but never on this scale. He used his hands to stork it, and worked his tongue around he tip. 

His own cock ached. He felt his own pre-cum dripping out. He had never been so turned on. Ivy slowly rocked her hips back and forth. Greg tried to get as much of the cock in his mouth, but was unaccustomed to the motion. 

Sara stepped back. She looked at Ivy and Greg. She was so turned on. Then she remembered her gift, and she had a brilliant idea. She ran up stairs, tits and ass bouncing as she hurried up. She did not want to miss anything. When she returned Ivy and Monica were kissing, and Greg had managed to get about four inches of her cock in his mouth. Ivy broke the kiss and smiled at Sara seeing the dildo. 

The strap on was difficult to get on but she managed to make it happen. She looked hot with the huge pink strap on between her legs. Monica saw her out of the corner of her eye. She broke the kiss with Ivy and walked around Greg as he continued to worship his cousins cock. 
