 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Her cock was buried deep in her throat. She had been sucking herself off daily. She loved the feel of the hot cum spurting down her throat, and besides it gave her so much energy. She could stay up for days, and did not even need to eat. She had found she could live off her own body. 

Ivy was working hard on learning more about herself. She had changed so much, and now she felt powerful. She could shrink and grow her cock at will. It was still most comfortable at 12 inches, but now she could hide it if she wanted. 

Her cock started to pulse in her mouth, she knew what was coming next. It was 4 in the morning, and she had been up all night. She was using her new energy to learn as much as she could about what ever crossed her mind. The last two nights she had been freshening up on her high school chemistry. She was thinking that she might want to study it in college. 

She had slept once since the night of her orgy, not because she needed to, but because she wanted to. To fall asleep she had to refrain from drinking her cum for about 12 hours. If she drank it, she had energy for about half a day, then she would start to feel tired and needed to do drink more of her cum. 

Her body was now perfect. Her skin was radiant and smooth. There was not even a freckle out of place. Her blond hair flowed like she had just stepped out of a salon. Her lips were full and always wet. Her eyes shined and her face was flawless. 

She had been pretty before, but now she knew she was irresistible. Her tits were massive, but still a good size. They always were pert and bounced beautifully. Her ass was round in shape of a hart. It was tight and firm. Her waist remained slim. It was like someone had airbrushed her. 

Her cock was magical. She could make it do amazing things. She loved her cock. It was feminine, but still a cock. It could get so hard, she could see the veins popping. She was so thankful for it. It had changed her life. 

Her balls swelled, and a jet of hot cum slammed into the back of her throat . She swallowed, savoring the taste. She loved it. It still tasted like rose water with a little salt. She milked her cock for every last drop. When she had finished she closed her eyes and savored the moment. She immediately felt her energy increase. It was time for a morning jog. 

She waited till sunrise, about 5:30 in the morning . Her mom was not up yet. She slipped on a pair of hot pink running shorts. The type that cling to her gorgeous thighs. She pulled a sports bra on, and then a tight light blue tank top. She skipped the panties because she liked the way her cock felt rubbing in the shorts. Her hair was up in one long pony tail. She looked in the mirror. She had a slight bulge, and her chest looked amazing. Her tits were huge even in the sports bra. She threw on a pair of old running shoes and headed for the door. 

It was cool for the summer. She quickly stretched, and headed down the sidewalk. She had been running a lot lately and was planning on a long run. She knew she looked amazing, and felt like she was going fast enough that anyone who saw her would not see the bulge in her shorts. She felt like exercise allowed her to slow down and think. She was still confused as to why she was picked, and what it meant for her future. She was nervous about leaving home. So much had changed in such a short time. 

College was only one month away, she had orientation in two weeks, and all of this stressed her out. She knew that all the extra energy had her thinking more, and wished that she could slow down. Her cock had other ideas though. As she finished her run. She noticed lights on in the house. Her mom must be up. She concentrated on her cock, and willed it to shrink so that the bulge would not show. 

She stepped into the house and then walked to the kitchen. Her mom was at the coffee pot making coffee. She turned and looked at her magnificent daughter. 

"Back from your run?" 

"Yes, I hope I didn't wake you. I haven't been able to sleep. I've been thinking about school a lot." She told her mom. 

"Like what, you can tell me." Her mother responded. "I know we've both been working a bunch this summer, but I am always here for you."

"I know, it's like this summer has flown by. I feel like the summer is all but gone." Ivy said. 

"You'll do great." Her mom said. "Have a cup of coffee and let's talk about it."

Ivy knew she didn't need coffee, but took it and sat with her mother at the table in the kitchen. They started to talk about Ivy's coming transition to college, and her mother shared some memories from her days in school. Ivy felt good talking to her mom. She confided that she has been scared since the break in, and that it has keep her from talking much to her mom. 

Ivy's mother reassured her that she was safe, but that she did need to be careful. 

"I mean look at you, you are beautiful. I'm not sure exactly what has changed, but you are gorgeous. It must be all the running and time outside at the golf course." 

Ivy giggled. She also caught her mom looking at her chest. Ivy wasn't sure if it was lust or envy, but she pushed out her chest a little more. Too bad she was wearing a sports bra. 

Her mom's eyes moved back up to Ivy's face. "I love you, please don't be such a stranger."

"I won't mom, I promise. I'll call you from school all the time. Oh, and Greg told me that his sister Olivia is still there and doing well. Maybe I can get to know her again." Ivy told her mom. 

"That's true. Thanks so much for talking to me, but I should go and get ready" her mother said taking another quick glance at her daughters chest. 

"Alright mom. I love you." Ivy stood up and gave her mom a big hug. 

Her mom returned the embrace, she held for a little to long then recoiled a little. She let her daughter go and shook her head. She walked quickly away leaving Ivy alone in the kitchen. It was 6:30 am. Ivy did not have to work till 10. What to do this morning. 

Ivy sat at the table going over the conversation with her mother. It was really the first time they had spoke since the break in. She hoped that she had not made her mom think that she was paranoid. Ivy had eluded to her transformation but had not told her. 

Ivy stood up and poured her coffee out. She heard her mom in the shower so she headed to her own room, and shut the door. She pulled off her shirt and her sports bra. Her tits bounced in the light. They were massive and beautiful. She gently rubbed them till she could feel her nipples getting hard. She knew she was turning her self on again. 

She pulled her hot pink shorts off and focused on her clit. Her cock sprung out quickly. It was still a little flaccid, but was a full 12 inches long. She played with head on her cock. She was still fascinated by all of the feeling. Her cock was amazing, it was beautiful in a feminine way. Sleek and shiny, with a perfect shape When it was hard the veins pulsed with power and the head swelled up. 

She gently stroked her cock. It felt nice playing with her self. She kicked off her shoes and laid back on the bed. She wanted this session to last. She used her fingers to stroke the her cock. Her nails raked over the tight skin sending shivers up her body. Recently she had mostly been sucking her cock so it felt good to change things up a little. 

She reached under her balls, feeling her damp slit. She had missed her cunt. She peeled her sexy folds apart. She rubbed her pussy lips till they started to moisten. Then with a delicate finger she pushed it inside. She let out a gentle moan. Her cock was rocking back and forth as she pushed her finger deep in her pussy. 

Her pussy was dripping when she added the second finger. Her other hand found one of her tits and was rubbing and squeezing. Ivy closed her eyes. She concentrated on the feeling of her fingers inside of her. She felt her love box contract around her fingers, and her juices lubricating her fingers. She increased the pace, she was frantically pounding her pussy with her fingers. She felt knuckles and her nails. She swirled her fingers inside of her, twisting and turning all the while pulling out and pushing in. 

She felt the orgasm build. It was always different when it started with her pussy. She felt a warm glow in her stomach, and then her balls swell. She used her free hand to hold her cock. She pointed it at her stomach and tits. Her cock jumped. She kept her eyes closed waiting for the release. With one last finger bang her cock erupted. Cum squatted all over her chest and stomach. It shot on her face and in her hair. 

Ivy was panting. She loved having orgasms. She pulled her fingers out of her dripping cunt, and inserted them in her mouth. She loved how she tasted. She rubbed the cum all over her tits and stomach and licked the little off of her lips. She glowed with an almost unnatural vibrancy. She laid in bed with her eyes closed. She was in love with herself. It was not even 8 am, and she had already had two orgasms. 

She heard her mom as she left, Ivy wondered about Rick. He had seemed to have forgotten about her. She had cut him off, and only took a few days for him to return to the way he was. It seemed like she could control people, but only if she was actively engaging in a sexualp relationship. 

She had an idea. She focused on her cock, it shrunk into her clit. She threw on her running shorts, and then pulled the tank top over her tits. She didn't bother with a bra, and knew she had cum in her hair. 

She opened the door and stepped out of her room. She listened for any signs of Rick. She heard a T.V on in her mother's room. She walked over to the door and peeked in. Rick was laying on the bed watching some kind of sport. The blankets were pulled up and he seemed half asleep. 

Ivy knocked softly and the walked in, not waiting for an answer. She walked pushing her chest out, to see what would happen. He looked over at her sleepily as she sat on the end of the bed. He moved his head a little trying to see around her. 

"You need something?" He said

"Um, just was wondering what you were doing today." She said

He looked at her and was about to say something when his eyes lost a little of there light. Almost like something inside changed as he was looking at her. 

"Nothing really. You know that top looks great." He answered. Now with his eyes glued to her tits. 

"Oh, well could you let me know if you go to the store. I have some stuff I need for school." She said. 

It was like just her presence changed him. She wanted to find out a little more. She needed to know if he remembered that she had a cock, and that he had let her fuck him in the ass. She stood up to leave. His eyes moved to her ass, and a small smile appeared on his lips. What a pervert she thought. 

As she walked out wiggling her amazing ass she turned and said. "What do you think about Trans people's?"

"Huh" he breathed. 

"You know girls with penises. Or girls that feel their men."

He was still staring at her ass. "That's just weird, but I guess to each there own. I never have really met one. "

He seemed to have forgot about her cock. She could not remember exactly when she had cut him off, but it was not that long ago. Maybe a couple of weeks. She walked back down the hall in to the bathroom. It was time to get ready for work. She thought it interesting that Rick had no idea about her cock. Like he just forgot. 

She showered, making sure to get all the cum out of her hair. She loved showers. Her body was so sensitive, it felt amazing. She loved feeling the water run over her body, down her tits, over her cock, and into her pussy. She savored the shower, but decided against jerking off. She was still thinking about how Rick had forgot. Ivy was sure Greg would forget, but what about Monica and Sara. 

Ivy finished in the shower and toweled off. She headed to her room. She could hear Rick downstairs in the kitchen, so she wrapped a towel around her self. She closed the door behind her and pulled her drawer open. 

She picked out a pair of white lace thongs. She pulled them over her cock, savoring the feeling of lace. The thong griped her ass and tickled it a little. She looked in the mirror. She was giving her self a hard on. She selected a lacy white bra. She had bought all new bras and only had sexy ones now. Her work uniform had also been modified. She pulled on a khaki skirt. It was very short and barley covered her ass. 

Ivy used this to her advantage all the time. It even aroused her to think of all the pervs catching glimpses of her pert ass. Her shirt was light pink. She pulled it over her massive tits. It was so tight. It was also a little short, so she could not tuck it in. When she moved, it road up a little, and would show her flat stomach or the dimples on her back. The guys would ogle her, and the tips were awesome. 

She pulled on a pair of long socks, pulling them up past her knees. Her shoes were the same old Chucks. She needed to go shoe shopping. She still had about an hour before work, so she decided to tease Rick a little more, but as she headed out of the room her phone buzzed. 

It was Sara she had texted asking for a ride. Ivy shot her a quick one back, she said she would be there in a little bit, but needed the address. She had never been to Sara's. 

When she got the address she realized she needed to leave right away. Sara lived the opposite way, and she only had an hour. Ivy left the house with out seeing Rick again. She punched the address into the GPS of her phone and headed off to pick up Sara. 

Ivy was excited to see Sara. They had so much fun together, and loved teasing all the pervs at the golf course. She pulled up to the address. There was a small driveway with a little yard. It was mowed but not well kept. The House was small, brick, and looked a little run down. 

Ivy got out of the car and went to the front door. She knocked on the door and waited. She could tell Sara's family had a hard time. 

A women answered the door. She looked like Sara. She had blond hair about shoulder length. Her face was pretty, she appeared to be in her late thirties. 

She was wearing a blue sports bra and some tight blue workout pants. Sweat glistened on her forehead. Her stomach was tight and Ivy could tell she worked hard to keep up her appearance. 

"You must be Ivy. I have heard so much about you. Forgive me, come on in." The women said. 

"Thanks." Ivy smiled. 

She stepped directly into the living room. The T.V. was on and a work out video was going. She must have interrupted her workout. 

The woman stuck out her hand. "I'm Natalie, Sara's mother. Sorry you caught me in the middle of my work out. Sara will be right out."

"No worries, you look like you are working hard. You look fantastic by the way." Ivy added. 

"Oh, this silly thing. It's not as easy to stay in shape at my age. I can't just eat and do what I want anymore." The conversation continued. 

"Well I think you look great. Sara never said her mom was so good looking. I mean I assumed, but you look amazing." Ivy wasn't sure why she said it, but felt her cock stir a little. 

Natalie blushed, "have a seat. Sara should be here by now."

Ivy saw Natalie look over her shoulder down the hall for her daughter. 

"Is Sara's dad home?" I've asked. 

"No he left us years ago. It's been Sara and I for about 12 years. That asshole has not even given us a dollar." She said quickly. 

"Sorry." Ivy said changing the subject. "What work out tape is this? It looks familiar."

"It's Betty Rocker," Natalie answered brightening up a little. 

"I love her." Ivy said moving her hips and thrusting out her chest.

Ivy watched as Natalie's eyes glimpsed her chest. It was like they were stuck there. Ivy grinned she continued to rock back and forth letting her breasts sway in her tight top. She watched the video. The lady got on the floor with both knees on the ground. She started to lower her chest to the floor and then held it. 

"This looks like fun. I want to try it." Ivy declared. 

Natalie watched as the pretty girl got on her knees. Ivy's ass was facing hers, and her short little skirt left little to the imagination. Natalie caught a glimpse of the her white lace panties and some of the young girls ass. Natalie was having a hard time thinking she had never really noticed women before, but this girl was something else. She could not pull her eyes away from the wonderful ass in front of her. 

As Ivy leaned forward her skirt went even higher. Natalie could not resist. She felt her panties moisten a little. She moved forward toward Ivy, standing behind her. 

"Let me help you." Natalie said. 

She walked over to the hot teen, and placed her hand on the small of her back. "Now lower your chest so that you are balancing on your forearms. Good, now stick your butt in the air as far as you can."

Natalie watched as Ivy lifted her ass in the air. Her skirt had completely flipped over and her ass was out. It was so hot. Natalie moved her hand to flip the skirt back."

"No leave it." Ivy said seductively. 

Ivy pushed up even higher. Natalie could not move her eyes away. That ass was the best thing she had ever seen. She was so horny, she didn't know what to do. She placed her hand gently on her daughters friends ass and started to rub it. 

"Ummm, that feels nice. Your good at the that." Ivy said

Ivy's cock was hard. She really wanted to fuck the older women, and knew that she could. She wondered where Sara was and what she would say. She knew she should stop, but the urge was to powerful. She could smell the sex on the older women. 

Ivy gave in. She wanted to fuck, and now was the time. She lowered her ass a little and Natalie hand grazed over her asshole. This sent shivers up Ivy's spine. She moaned a little. She lowered her self to her knees and the sat up. Natalie was still standing over her and Ivy's face was about pussy level. She reached up and pulled Natalie down grazing a boob as she did. 

Ivy placed her lips on Sara's mom's mouth. At first she did not return the kiss, but after a second their lips were locked. Ivy pushed her tongue into the older women's. She placed a hand on the back of her head, and on her back. Ivy pulled the older woman down to the floor. Both were now on their knees wrapped in an embrace. 

Ivy started to move her hand up and down Natalie's back. The woman was stiff and still a little nervous. Ivy's hand slipped to her front and caressed her boobs over the sports bra. 

"Calm down, we'll go slow. By the way you are so hot. I wanted to fuck you the minute I saw you." Ivy told her breaking the kiss. 

"Your my daughters friend and like half my age. I shouldn't be doing this. What if Sara comes in." She replied. 

Ivy laughed a little. "The last person to worry about is Sara. She won't care. Let's get this bra off."

Natalie helped Ivy pull the blue sports bra off. Her tits jumped and jiggled. The were a little bigger then Sara's but were not as pert and sagged a little, bit still wonderful. Ivy placed a nipple in her mouth and started to suck. She used her other hand to play with the other boob. Natalie had closed her eyes and was moaning lightly. She was loving it. 

Ivy worked her breasts over. Going back and forth, tugging, and pinching. Listening for the older woman's moans and gasps of pleasure. She slipped one hand down to Natalie's pussy and was rubbing it over her work out pants. 

She pulled Ivy's hand away and gave her a wink. She tried to pull Ivy's shirt off but it was to tight. 

"Help me" she pleaded 

"Let me show you something first." Ivy said. 

Ivy stood up. She was looking down at the older blond who eyes looked up with admiration. 

She hoped that Natalie was ok with this. Ivy turned a little and tugged her skirt and white lace panties down at the same time. Her 12 inch rock hard cock sprang forth with power. 
