 Ivy was headed off to school in three weeks. She was getting a little nervous, but was looking forward to leaving her small town, even with all of the changes. She was ready to move forward with her life. She wasn't sure how her cock would affect her future, but was looking forward to exploring herself. 

She was going to miss her friends, especially Monica and Sara. They had all planned a weekend camping trip, but Monica's parents had told her she could not go at the last minute. She was needed at some sort of church event on Sunday. 

Ivy and Sara had requested the weekend off, so they were trying to plan something fun in town that Monica could join in. They decided that on Saturday, they would get up early and go for a hike. The trail was about an hour away and involved some strenuous climbing, but ended in a beautiful waterfall. 

Ivy had been trying to sleep more regularly, and had stopped sucking herself off so much. Since last week she had only stayed up all night once. She wasn't sure what felt better, energy from sleeping, or her cum. It seemed like her body was telling her to relax a little. It would let her know when she needed to cum. 

Sara had told her all about her new relationship with her mom. Ivy thought it was hot, but wondered if she had made a mistake by opening the door for the two of them. It seemed like they loved each other, and she guessed that sex was just a new aspect of their relationship. 

Ivy had volunteered to drive, and told Monica that she would pick her up around 7am. Ivy had spoken with her mom about the hike. It was another, weird, awkward, and uncomfortable conversation. Ivy told her where they planned on going for the day. Rick was also in the room. He was starting to be awful again, but Ivy did not want to waste precious time on him. She told them they were going to stop and have dinner on the way home, and that she thought they would be home after dark. 

Ivy got up at 6am to get ready. She had slept the night before, and was feeling energized. She quickly got out of bed and headed for the bathroom. She was wearing only a little t-shirt and a pair of blue cotton panties. She looked in the mirror and thought, shit, I am so hot. She shut the door and slipped her panties off. Sat down on the toilet, the seat felt cold, she shivered a little. 

She looked down at her 12 inch cock. She wasn't tired but could not resist the urge to taste it. She closed her eyes and willed her cock to grow. In a matter of seconds she felt the tip hit the bottom of her chin. 

She grinned, she loved this part. She slipped the massive mushroom head into her mouth. She moved her head slightly and was now licking around the tip and feverishly sucking. She stroked the shaft with both hands, gripping it tight. Felling all of the veins and blood as her shaft throbbed . Her fingers ran up and down the massive cock. Her nails sent bolts of energy all over her body. She kept stroking with one hand, but moved forward a little on the seat. Her clit was now exposed. 

She used her free hand to rub her clit. Her pussy was moist, so she used the juices as lubricate. Her eyes were closed and she was softy moaning with her cock in her mouth. The vibrations of her moans felt fantastic. She felt her orgasm building. Her clit was burning, and her balls swelled up. She knew she needed to be ready, she did not want to miss any sweet cum. 

She swallowed the first load. The hot cum ran down her throat. Burst after burst, filled her stomach. She had a slight bulge in her normally flat tummy. She licked the last drops of cum off of the tip. Her cock slowly returned to its normal size. 

She turned on the shower and pulled her shirt off. Her massive tits jiggled as her night shirt slid off. She stepped into the shower and quickly rinsed. She did not wash her hair, but soaped her self down. She made sure to clean her huge member. She also shaved a few stray hairs from around her balls. She liked being totally bare down there. She wrapped a towel around herself and left the bathroom. 

Ivy got back to her room it was almost 7. She was going to be late. She grabbed her phone to text Monica. When she picked it up there was a message from Sara. 

She had texted that she was not going to be able to go. Her mom had woken her up with a surprise, and Sara could not change her mom's mind. She said that she would explain later and to have fun. 

Ivy was disappointed. She was looking forward to hanging out with her two best friends. She texted Monica and let her know. Monica suggested that they still get together, and they might as well start early since they were both up. 

Ivy happily replied that she would be over in just a little bit, and they could decide what they wanted to do. She stood naked in her room. She could not decide what to put on. She had no idea what the two of them would do. She pulled on a pair of lacy white boy shorts. She tucked her massive cock in, feeling the softness of the lace. She then grabbed a matching bra. 

She decided on a pair of tiny jean shorts. She pulled them over her sweet ass and gave it a little shake. The shorts were tight, and a little ass cheek was exposed at the bottom. She opened her shirt drawer. She pulled out a little pink top. It covered her tits, but still showed some cleavage. The back was cut open with some straps going across. It covered down to her belly button. Her waist was exposed so she pulled a cute little belt through the belt loops to add to the outfit. 

She did not know what shoes to choose. She slipped on some little flip flops, but also took a pair of cross trainers and some socks. She pulled her hair into a pony tail, and put on a little make up. Mostly just lipstick, she did not really need anything but it was still fun. Her lipstick matched her shirt. 

She looked at the mirror, she looked good. She packed a small bag of stuff. Extra panties, a pair of jeans, sweatshirt, socks, hairbrush, a bathing suit, and a few other things she thought she might need. 

The house was still quiet her mom and stepdad must be sleeping in. She slipped out of her room and walked out the front door. She pulled out of the driveway and headed for Monica's house. She was a little sad that Sara was not going to be with them, but was excited to spend time with Monica. 

She pulled in the driveway, it was almost 8. Monica was on the porch waiting for her. She jumped off the porch and ran to the car. Her hair was down and bounced as she ran. She had on a light gray t-shirt that said "Hope". Her shorts were almost down to her knees they were green khaki. She had on a pair of white and pink tennis shoes. She looked good, so sweet and innocent. Ivy knew better and grinned. 

"Good morning hot stuff. Your parents must be up," Ivy said. 

"Yes, had to go conservative, they are headed to the church to get ready for tomorrow. What do you want to do?" Monica answered. 

"Not, sure. I just want to hang out with you." She replied. 

"Let's still go hiking, I could use the fresh air." Monica said.

"Alright, sounds great." Ivy put the car in reverse and backed out of the driveway. 

"You look so hot. That top is great. I wish I could dress like you." Monica told her friend as they pulled onto the street.

"Your so sweet. Thanks. I've been looking forward to today. It's a bummer about Sara, but I love hanging with just you." Ivy told her hot teen friend. 

Ivy turned down a few different streets then merged her car onto the highway. The road to the trail was a good 30 minutes of highway travel, and then another 20 minutes of back roads. The girls quickly caught up from the last week. Ivy did not tell Monica about Sara's mom, but told her all about her strange conversation with her own mom. 

"You know your mom just loves you and is looking out for what is best." Monica told her. 

"I know, but I wonder if my cock has changed the way she is, just by her being around it. I mean It only took Greg a few minutes and he was sucking away. Almost like he was hypnotized." Ivy wondered out loud. 

"Maybe, but that's not something you can change. See what happens when you go to school. Maybe your phone conversations will be normal if you are away from her." 

"Yea maybe, I hadn't thought about that." Ivy said. "It's like my cock has changed every relationship I have ever had."

Monica smiled. "I hope for the better." She reached over and squeezed her friends bare leg. 

"No, lots of things have changed for the better. I sometimes wonder what my life would have been like if this had never happened." Said Ivy. 

"Well I love the new you. I love everything about you. I wish that this summer would never end. I am going to miss you so much. I think about you all the time. I wouldn't change a thing. You were so soft, and sweet with me. I don't know what I am going to do with out you." Monica said sadly. 

"We can visit each other. Your my best friend and I love you. Just because we are going to different schools doesn't mean we can't still be together." Ivy told her. 

A tear fell from Monica's eye. "I know. I just don't know if I can live with out you". 

Ivy glanced over. "Oh, sweet babe, things will work out I promise. Let's not think about it right now. Let's just focus on each other." 

Monica wiped the tear away. "Ok, I guess."

They sat in silence for a few minutes. The highway was pretty empty and they were headed away from town. The trees flew past. Monica sat in the passenger seat looking out the window. 

"I have an idea that will keep our minds focused". Monica said. 

"What?" Ivy questioned, just as she felt Monica's hand rub against her thigh. "I'm driving."

"No, worries. I'll just play with it a little while you drive, you know to keep my mind off things." Monica said mischievously. 

Ivy looked over quickly. She was a little nervous about driving distracted, but could not tell Monica no. Monica's hands explored her bulge. She ran her fingers up and over Ivy's shorts. She raked her bare skin with her nails. Ivy shivered. 

"That feels nice". Ivy said feeling her cock stiffen. 

"Um, I'm just going to let this big cock out of your shorts. I just want to look." Monica told Ivy. 

Monica quickly undid the button of Ivy's little shorts. She pulled on the zipper. Ivy's cock was straining against her cute little panties. Monica tugged on the boy shorts and Ivy's enormous cock sprung out. Monica could never get over how beautiful it was. The tip was huge and it had massive vanes running down. It was giant, but also remained feminine. She loved that Ivy kept it shaved bald with not one stray hair. 

The tip on Ivy's cock was almost at the middle of the steering wheel. Monica could not resist. She bent down and kissed the tip. It smelled of flowers, it must be the lotion she thought. 

"Go ahead, suck it. I'll try not to run us off the road." She heard her friend say. 

Monica took the massive cock in her mouth. She let her saliva run down both sides of the shaft. She bobbed her head up and down, and grasped the lower portion with her small hands. She stroked her friends beautiful member letting her spit drip down the cock to help lube it up. 

Monica had been practicing her deep throat techniques, but knew that this was not the time. She closed her eyes and savored the taste of her best friend. 

The sweet smell of Ivy's cock was intoxicating. Monica stroked and sucked her friend like there was nothing else in the world. She loved the warm feeling between her lips and the soft throb of the ever stiffer member. She flicked her tongue every now and again enjoying the taste of the hot teens pre cum. 

Monica could hear her friends excitement. Ivy was softly moaning while she was thrusting her cock into Monica's mouth. Monica was a little disappointed that Ivy kept the seat belt on, because it was hampering her throat fucking. 

Ivy kept her eyes on the road. She now had both hands on the wheel and was focusing on driving. It was turning her on more when she tried to focus. She couldn't control her self. Monica's mouth felt so good. She felt her friends spit pooling around her balls. It felt so warm. She looked in the mirror. 

She could see a car, but it was a ways back. She lifted her hips as high as they would go. The seat belt restrained her from pushing all the way into Monica's mouth. She continued to rock her hips as best she could. 

Ivy felt the orgasm building. It was going to feel great to shoot her load into Monica's mouth. She felt her balls throb. Her first load hit Monica in the back of the throat. She tried to swallow but it was just to much. 

Monica wanted to swallow it all, but it was too much cum. Load after load shot into her mouth. She peeled her lips off the cock. It slipped out of her mouth just as Ivy shot a load. Cum hit her face and covered it. She felt another burst splash her face as she kept her eyes closed, she stuck her tongue out tasting the yummy cum. 

Cum was every where. It was all over Monica's face and shirt. Ivy's shorts were covered, and there was a pile of it in her lap. Ivy loved it. She let go of the steering wheel with one hand and scooped up some cum and slurped it up. 

Monica was giggling. There was cum everywhere. She was using her hand and tongue to eat as much as she could. 

"We're going to need to change." She said laughing. "I'm covered in your delicious cum."

"I know. I have it all over my shorts. I think our exit is up here. I'll find a place to pull over. I don't know what I packed but I have something." She said.

Ivy looked over at her friend. "You look hot covered in my cum. I wish I could lick it all off." She said seductively . 

Monica wiped some cum off her cheek and placed her finger in Ivy's mouth. Ivy sucked her finger enjoying the taste of the girls finger with her cum. 

"Here it is." Ivy turned the car off the freeway, and turned left towards the trail head. "Let's find a place to change and then find some snacks for lunch. I think there is a little mom and pop store around here some where." 

Ivy turned left and went down an old country road. She spotted a small service road for the forest service and pulled off. Both girls unbuckled. Ivy slid her hand behind Monica's head and pulled her in tight. She planted a hot wet kiss on her friend. She loved the taste of her friend and it was even better that she tasted like cum. Ivy broke the kiss and licked the rest of the cum off of Monica's face.

"All clean." She giggled. 

"Thanks." Monica said as she turned to open the door. She leaned over her seat and picked up her bag. 

"I think I have something in here that will work." She said. 

Ivy watched as she moved to the front of the car to get a little more privacy from the road. Ivy opened the door and reached down to pop the trunk. She wasn't sure what she had in it, but knew she had something. 

Monica smiled. She was going to show Ivy this later, but now there was no choice. She opened her bag and pulled out a tiny little bikini top. It was light pink and very small. She had saved some money and had gone shopping one day. She had lied to her mom, and she knew her dad had no idea. 

The top barely covered her small breasts. The top tied behind her back and around her neck. It was two toned, with only the small part that covered her nipples not see through.

The bottoms were the same two toned color. The fabric that covered her ass was shear, almost see through. The fabric was a little darker in the front. It covered her nicely, and looked hot. She slipped off her long shorts and pulled the bottoms over her shoes. She knew she looked hot. Ivy had still not seen her. 

Ivy pulled out a pair of tight elastic running shorts. They were very small and would leave nothing to the imagination. She looked around and did not see any one. She pulled her jean shorts and little white boy shorts off. Her cock dangled between her legs as she pulled up the shorts. She never wore panties with these shorts because they were so small. She knew her ass was hanging out the back, and her cock made a huge bulge in the front. 

Her shirt was not going to work either. She pulled off the top, and released her bra. Her massive tits shot out. She quickly rubbed them. It felt nice to not have a bra on. She dug around in her trunk and found a tiny little tee that she had packed. It was light green and just covered her nipples. Her under boob was totally exposed along with her flat stomach. She liked this shirt but could not often wear it. If she put her hands up her nipples would show. She smiled, she was going hiking so it did not matter. 

Both girls saw each other at the same time. Ivy's jaw dropped. "Holy shit, when did you get that. It is amazing." She stammered as her cock hardened in her little shorts. 

"I snuck out the other day. Do you like it?" Monica asked. 

"Like it, you look amazing. Turn around. Damn. I can see your ass in those, I love the color. It just barely covers your nipples." She exclaimed. 

"Yea it's great. That shirt is really short, and it looks like you like my suit." Monica stated staring at the huge bulge in Ivy's shorts. 

"Ha, your right, watch this." Ivy lifted her arms and her massive titties slipped out. 

"That is short. I love it." Monica grinned. 

She ran up to Ivy and pulled her in. The two hot teens kissed passionately. Each groping the other. Ivy's cock had almost burst her shorts when she broke the embrace. 

"I love you, let's get to the trail. Maybe we can find a nice quite place to fuck. I know I won't last long watching you." Ivy said. 

"Humph." Monica said. "Ok but we still need lunch."

They got back in the car. Ivy backed out of the service road. She drove for about 5 minutes when she noticed a little store. It definitely was country. It had two old gas pumps out front that looked like they hadn't worked in twenty years. She pulled the car in and parked along the front. The front of the store window was covered with advertisements for camping, fishing, and all kinds of outdoor stuff. Ivy thought it might be the only store for twenty miles. 

Both girls unbuckled. Ivy reached into her purse and pulled out a twenty. She quickly stuck it in Monica's top. Ivy grinned.

"I don't have any pockets."

"Yea sure. You just want me to pull it out." She said smiling. 

Ivy giggled as she got out of the car. She waited for Monica, and gave her a quick kiss as she came around the car. 

"What about your cock? Everyone will be able to see it in those shorts." Monica asked. 

"Watch." Ivy said. "I learned a new trick." 

It was time that she shared this with someone. She could not think of a better person. She focused on her cock. Ivy looked down and watched as the huge bulge disappeared. She felt it contract inside of her. In a matter of seconds the only thing you could see was a pretty little camel toe. 

"Shit, that's crazy. How long have you been able to do that." Her friend asked. "Does it hurt?"

"No, it is most comfortable at the regular size. I can make it small or large. I can even make it big enough to suck my self off." Ivy said nervously. 

"Wow, you amaze me. You are so strong. I love you. Maybe later you can show me some of your new tricks." Monica said. 

Ivy gave her another kiss. "Let's get a snack."

They walked into the gas station holding hands. They stepped into the store, it was dim and dusty. Monica headed for the cooler to get some water, while Ivy stood in front of the snack isle. Ivy looked up to the front of the store. An old man sat at the counter, he was staring right at her. Ivy decided to have a little fun. 

She turned to the side so her sweet ass was facing the man. She pulled a candy bar off the shelf and dropped it. She bent over at the waist, exposing her sweet little camel toe to the old pervert. She held the pose for just a little too long. As she stood up, she turned a little and her shirt road up. She wasn't sure if the old man could see, but her nipple was definitely out. She pulled the shirt down, picked some nuts and trail mix off the shelf and headed for the counter. 
