 Ivy's head was spinning. Thoughts and feelings were flying around her brain. She did not know what to make of the day. 

She worried that she had done something terrible to her best friend. Monica did not seem to mind, but what if it wasn't really her. What if the cock made her agree. 

Ivy drove towards Sara's house. Tears cascading down her face. She was so worried. She felt like she was just getting things under control, when this happened. It was like she possessed her best friend while they were fucking. 

Sure it felt great, but was it ok. Would it mess Monica up? Would it mess her up? She still had so many questions that she could not answer. If she had sex with someone else would the same thing happen? 

Ivy was getting close to Sara's house. She tried to pull her self together but the tears kept falling. She parked in the small driveway, still crying. She felt like she probably shouldn't be here. 

She went to put the car in reverse, and was pulling out when she saw the door open. In an instant she decided to stay. She put the car in park, turned the key and wiped the tears from her face. 

Ivy opened the car door. She stepped out and headed for the front door of Sara's. She could see a shadow in the door but could not tell who it was. As she stepped up to the door she recognized Sara's mother. 

Ivy did not know why, but she started crying all over again. Big tears fell down her cheeks and she couldn't stop sobbing. 

"What is wrong? Are you ok? Come in, come in". Sara's mother said as Ivy felt the soft hands pull her in tight. 

She stood just inside the door holding on tight. Crying into the older woman's shoulder. She felt the sweet embrace as Natalie squeezed her tight. 

"It's all right baby." Natalie said reaching out with one hand to close the door. 

Sara came out of the hall when she heard her mother and Ivy. 

"Whats wrong Ivy? What happened?" Sara asked. 

Ivy broke the embrace. She looked at Natalie and Sara and tried to pull herself together. 

"I don't know, it's just been a wonderful day and I am not sure what is wrong." She replied. 

"Have a seat." Natalie said as she helped the hot teen futa to the couch. 

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come. I am not in a good place right now."

Sara sat down next to her and gave her a long hug. "You can always come here Ivy. I want to help. What's going on? Did something bad happen with Monica?" 

"No, not really. I don't know. This cock has a mind of its own. It keeps changing and it's changing me along with it." She replied. 

"Oh, well what happened. I mean you can tell me. I'm sure we can figure it out." Sara said. 

"Yeah, we'll work it out." Natalie told her. 

Ivy wasn't sure how much she had told Sara or her mom, but knew she needed friends. She was so worried about Monica. 

Ivy unloaded on Sara and her mother. She told them all about the day. Her growing cock, her new feelings while fucking her, and the strange out of body experience. She cried and talked and cried some more. Both ladies where so understanding comforting and listing to Ivy. 

"This is all crazy." Sara said. "I have never even thought that what you are could exist, but we love you more then ever. You have been so great to me and Monica. We are your best friends. No matter what happens in the future you will always have us."

Natalie continued with, "you are being to hard on your self. It's been a long crazy summer for you girls, and you are just adjusting to your new body. I don't think that Monica would make up things, and she loves you. She would tell you the truth if it hurt her or frightened her."

She gave Ivy a big hug and held her tightly. Ivy was beginning to feel better. These two women were great. She was happy she had come by and felt so relieved after getting everything off her chest. 

"It's getting late." Natalie stated. "Let's all go to bed and get a good nights rest. I'll make us a big breakfast in the morning to get our day started of right. Do you girls work tomorrow?"

"No we have the day off. Remember we were supposed to have a girls weekend." Sara said

"Oh I forgot what was the big surprise?" Ivy asked as they got up from the couch and headed towards the bedrooms. 

"You won't believe it!" Sara exclaimed. "Mom bought me a car to take to school. It's a blue Toyota Rav 4. She said that she had been saving for the last year. She said that it would make it easier for me to visit. Isn't she great. I had no idea. She is the best."

"That's great." Ivy said with a half smile. "You could also come visit me."

"All the time." She replied giving her friend a quick hug as they walked into the bedroom. 

Natalie was already in the room. She was topless and turned around. Her big tits swung nicely around. The older woman was hot and Ivy's cock stirred a little, but she was so tired. 

Sara walked over to her mom and gave her a sloppy wet kiss. She squeezed her moms boob and giggled. 

"Mom you are so beautiful. Your boobs are amazing, I just want to suck them all night." Sara exclaimed. 

Sara pulled off her top and turned to Ivy. "It's getting late, do you wanna play or just go to sleep?"

"I wanna play, but I think I am to exhausted. Can I play in the morning?"

Mother and daughter both replied. "Definitely."

Ivy knew she could just swallow some cum and then fuck all night, but she was still pretty distraught and felt like a little sleep would help calm her mind. 

Ivy slipped off her shirt and shorts. She was completely naked. Her cock swung between her legs. She walked over to Sara. She kissed her gently on the lips and smiled. She then turned to Natalie and did the same. 

"Good night." She said. "Thanks so much for listening to me. Sorry I got so emotional."

"It's fine Ivy. Your a wonderful person, get some sleep and we can talk more tomorrow."

Both women watched as the sexy Futa climbed into Natalie's bed. Her ass was mesmerizing, and both mother and daughter felt there pussies moisten. Just watching her turned them on. 

Ivy pulled the covers aside and slipped in. She was naked and the soft sheets felt nice and cool against her skin. She heard someone walk over to the light and switch it off. She closed her eyes and thought she felt Sara climb into bed. She was out. 

—————

Natalie had flipped off the light as Sara got into bed. She was a little disappointed that Ivy wasn't going to fuck her, and her pussy was on fire from just watching her. She turned and walked over to the bed 

Luckily she had a king bed, as she laid down and slid in next to Sara. Her daughter felt soft and warm next to her. She was still adjusting to their new life style, but she was enjoying all of the sex. 

Her teen daughter was ferocious. They had been having sex multiple times a day. Natalie had never been like that. Even when she was married they often went weeks without making love. Her ex was a total loser.

Her daughter on the other hand was a god send. Before all of the sex started she was so proud of how smart, strong, and pretty she was. She was everything that she had hoped she would turn out to be. 

All of these thoughts plus seeing Ivy had Natalie so turned on. She slipped her hand into her panties trying to be quite so she did not wake the girls. She gently rubbed her bald clit. Her panties felt nice against her hand. Her pussy juice was beginning to flow. She used her other hand to pull her nipples a little bit. She knew she would not last long. 

She felt juice run down her thigh. She moved a finger down from her clit and slid it slightly into her pussy lips. She let out a slight moan as she pressed her index finger deep inside of her self. She squeezed her boob hard and knew she was about to cum. 

She felt Sara roll over her naked body pressed against her. 

"Let me help you mom." Sara whispered. 

Natalie moaned a little. "We need to be quiet, Ivy is already asleep."

"I know." She replied

Natalie felt her hot teen daughters fingers slip into her panties. She was already so excited she knew it would not take much. Sara's fingers replaced her own. 

"Wow mom, you are so wet." Her daughter whispered into her ear. 

Sara's fingers slid easily into her dripping cunt. She could hear her own juices squishing as Sara's fingers slid in and out. She felt her daughter lips brush her breast. Then her tongue caress her hard nipple. 

Natalie was about to cum. She pressed her hips against the teens fingers. She drove her hips back and forth feeling her daughter hitting her g-spot. She was about to cry out when she felt Sara's hand cover her mouth. 

"Shh mom, let Ivy sleep."

Natalie was rocked by an orgasm. Her pussy clinched around her daughters fingers and her squill was muffled by her other hand. She felt Sara pull her hand from her mouth. Natalie was panting. Her legs were still shaking with ecstasy. 

"Your wonderful." She said to her daughter pulling her close and kissing her. 

Sara pulled her fingers out of her mom's love box. She slipped the fingers in her mouth. "You taste wonderful."

"My turn now." Natalie quietly said. 

She pulled her daughter in close feeling her soft squishy breasts press against hers. She rolled over and was now on top of Sara. She leaned over and kissed her deeply. Using her tongue to explore her daughters mouth. She had gotten over the taboo part of there relationship and just wanted to please the beautiful teen that was now between her legs. 

She broke the kiss and slid her mouth down to Sara's tits. They were wonderful. She licked and sucked with passion. Natalie could here her daughter purring as she worked one breast then the other. Both were now sloppy wet from all of the spit. 

Natalie squirmed under the covers. She could smell the hot sex on her daughters pussy. She reached down and pulled her panties off. Sara lifted her ass to help the process. It was dark but Natalie knew exactly what to do. 

She flicked her tongue against the 18 year olds clit. She felt a slight quiver. Then she found the lovely peace of female flesh and gently began sucking on it. She ran her tongue over it. 

Natalie felt Sara's leg tighten around her head. She moved down from her daughters clit and slid her tongue into the dripping pussy. It was so warm and wet. She tastes delicious. Natalie went to work sucking and slurping all over her teen daughters cunt. 

Natalie was so busy eating out the hot girl that she missed the signs of a huge building orgasm. All of a sudden her face was being sprayed by hot liquid. It was in her mouth and all over her lips and chin. She quickly swallowed what was in her mouth and then pulled her face out from between her daughters legs. 

She slid up along side of Sara and popped out of the covers. Juice was still dripping off her chin. She looked at Sara, she had pulled a pillow over her face. Natalie reached down and pulled it off. 

"You squirted all over my face you naughty girl." She said grinning to her daughter

"That was great mom!" Sara replied lifting her head off the bed and licking her moms chin. "Um. I taste great."

"I know I swallowed most of it." She whispered 

Natalie looked over her shoulder. Ivy was still fast asleep. She squeezed between the two hot teens and sighed. 

"That was great Sara. Just what I needed. Let's get some rest so we can start The day with Ivy refreshed."

"Ok mom. I can't wait to get her cock in my pussy. I hope she fucks us all day."

"Me too." She leaned over kissing her daughter. 

Natalie smiled as she fell asleep between two gorgeous teens. 

————

Ivy's eyes fluttered open. She felt strange, something was different. She tried to turn her head but nothing happened. She could hear soft moans coming from someone close. Was Sara and her mother making love?

She tried again to turn her head or roll over. Nothing happened. She could feel something but wasn't sure what it was. A slight sensation in her pussy. 

She heard some more moaning and then a light gushing. Her head lifted up. There was a small light across from her. She knew she was not at Sara's house. Her eyes moved around, things looked familiar. She had been in this room before. 

All of a sudden she felt intense pressure around her pussy, and then she shuttered. An orgasm had rocked her. She heard panting and then felt her arms move and she tasted sweet girly nectar. She felt fingers in her mouth. 

Her body leaned forward and then her legs swung around. She could feel soft carpet under her feet. A light flipped on. She recognized her surroundings immediately. She was in Monica's room. She had been there so many times. 

Some how she was inside Monica again. She saw her reflection in the mirror that was attached to the dresser. She was looking directly at Monica. She was wearing a little blue t shirt and just a plain pair of gray panties. 

She felt like Monica could also feel her, but was unsure. Her head swung back and a hand reached for the door. 

Monica stepped out into the hall. It was dark, Ivy couldn't see. Monica moved toward the stairs and headed for the kitchen. She left the lights off not wanting to wake her parents. 

She made it to the kitchen and flipped the light on. Ivy wondered what was going on. Monica had obviously been masturbating, and that might have triggered something. Ivy was so confused. 

She heard the water turn on and then Monica reached for a glass. She let it cool and then filled it up. Ivy could feel the cool water as Monica took a drink. She also could still feel the slight heat in her best friends pussy. 

This was all so crazy. This could not be right. Was she still sleeping at Sara's or was she really with Monica? What the fuck. 

Monica's head whipped around. She had heard something. Ivy wondered what was going on. 

—————-

Monica thought the water would help. She had been so horny after her day with Ivy. She had been masturbating almost non stop since she got home. She had spoken briefly to her parents about church the next day. 

When she got up to her room, she immediately started to rub her pussy. It was swollen from Ivy's cock, but juices where all ready flowing. She could not keep her hands off her self. She tried and tried. Every time she thought she was done something would turn her on even more. 

She needed a break, so she went to get water. As she spun around she realized she was just wearing panties and a t shirt. It was her dad. How long had he been watching her she wondered. 

"Uhhh, hi dad." She stammered. 

"Monica, I'm glad it's just you. I heard something so I got up to check it out." He replied. 

He was wearing his normal white T-shirt and a pair of sleeping shorts. He did not have any shoes on. He looked a little off like he was not yet awake. 

"Sorry dad, I just needed a drink of water. I was having trouble falling asleep."

Monica looked a little closer at her father. She noticed that there was a small tent in his shorts. 

She flushed, how long had he been watching, and then she got paranoid. What if her parents had heard her pleasuring her self all night. She felt her pussy moisten it was kind of a turn on. 

"I think I've had enough." She said taking a step towards her dad holding the half full glass. 

He stepped back hitting his legs on a chair. He fell slightly but caught him self and slid into the chair. She watched as he tried to adjust him self with out her noticing. 

Monica stepped in closer. "Dad you know I am off to school in just a few weeks. I am getting nervous, I think it is why I can't sleep."

She took another step. She was right at her father's knee. 

"You will do great. Keep your faith in god he will take care of you." He said. 

Monica smiled, her dad was talking about god with a hard on, while his eyes where on her tits. 

"Just pray, if you feel like something is wrong. The lord will always have an answer. You just have to listen." He continued starting to sweat a little. 

"I know, I am just nervous. I can always call you right?"

"Of course."

Monica wasn't sure what came over her but she was now dripping wet. Her pussy lips were engorged. She needed some kind of release. In the back of her mind she wondered if Ivy was with her and if she had a hand in this. 

She wasn't sure what she was going to do but she let go of all her inhibitions. 

"Dad can I give you a hug." She said smiling sweetly. 

"Of course. You know I lovey you." He said

"I know." Monica whispered as she sat down in her dads lap and reached around to hug him. 

She could feel his hard cock pressing against her ass. She started to tingle. What was she going to do? 

The water glass slipped out of her hands. The glass fell to the floor, water went everywhere. It soaked her shirt and her dads boxers. 

She squealed and jumped up. "I'm sorry dad. It just slipped."

She turned around a little and peeled off her shirt she wasn't wearing a bra. Her little breasts popped out. Her nipples stuck out a mile. She was now only wearing her panties, and was so horny. 

"What are you doing, put your shirt on." He stammered gazing at his 18 year old daughters breasts. 

"My shirt is soaked." She said turning so her dad could see her fully. 

He just looked at her. Monica could not tell but she thought that he looked even harder. His dick was almost poking out of the slot in his boxers. 

"Dad you soaked get those off." She reached for his boxers. 

"No honey, I'll be alright." He stuttered, trying to get up without touching his daughter. 

"I insist dad, there dripping wet." 

She leaned into him pressing her breasts against his body as she bent down and tugged at his boxers. 

"You can't do that. I am your dad." He said defeated

"It's ok, let me help you." She told him. 

She slipped his boxers off and pressed him back into the seat. She stood up tall and let her dad see her tits again. She was now burning inside. She knew something was strange but she couldn't help herself. 

Why had her father not just got up and walked away. It was kinda like he was stuck. What ever she wanted to do she could. 

"Monica we can't. Your my daughter, this is against the word of god. I can't even believe this is happening." He continued on and on, but did not stand up. 

Monica stopped listening, she had one desire and stayed focused on that. Her cunt was dripping wet, and she could feel her panties sticking to her pussy lips. Her father was so hard, and he was still babbling on about how they shouldn't be doing this. 

She went for it. She lowered down to her knees. She was looking right at her fathers cock. It was small about 5 inches and looked like he had never trimmed it. It was very different from Ivy's. This was only her second time with a mans cock. Ivy's didn't count. 

It smelled like her dad, only a little more musty. She reached out with her tongue and flicked the head. Her dad immediately shut up. She felt him shutter. 

She flicked her tongue again while reaching with her hand to cup his balls. Her other hand found her dripping pussy and slid right in. She wiggled another finger in and began to massage her inner pussy. 

She herd a low moan escape her lips. She knew she would not last long. She focused on her fathers shaft. Slowly licking it up and down. Each time she touched the cock it jumped a little. 

Her father wasn't going to last long either. Now father and daughter were so horny the heat in the room radiated. Monica took her father in her mouth. She felt her soft lips close around the hard shaft. Her head lowered as she swallowed her fathers cock 

This was easy, and she was enjoying her self. She felt bolts of ecstasy rocket through her. This was so taboo. Her fathers cock was deep in her mouth, as she bobbed up and down. 

He was now moaning and thrusting his hips into her mouth. She let go of his balls and squeezed her nipple. She needed to cum, and her father was only a few seconds away. 
