 Author's Note: A story requested by a reader.

***

Jennifer rolled over onto her side, facing away from her girlfriend. She felt her do the same, their butts pressing together, though it did nothing to add intimacy to the night. After a failed attempt at riling up her lover there was no redeeming it. All they could do was try and sleep, despite Jennifer's lingering trills of arousal that had spurned the moment. She frowned as she nestled into her pillow and slipped a leg between Laura's. It was the least she could expect.

There had to be some way to spark their relationship again. Jennifer tried to temper her breathing, hoping to lull herself to sleep, but her thoughts refused to quell. She scoured her memories for hints at what she could do, for anything that Laura might've mentioned to spice up their love life. There was something, Jennifer thought, though she doubted that her girlfriend would be into it. Although anything was worth a try.

Two days later and Jennifer exited the Autus Pharmacy. She had two of their newest pills, both barely past the trial phase. It paid to have friends in high places. Jennifer didn't waste time once she was back in her car and swallowed one, leaving the other just in case Laura shared some of her more extreme tastes. Warmth flushed through her moments later, as did a sensation of tightness in her clothing. 

She took a deep breath and grunted when her bra dug into her shoulders. It was faster than she'd anticipated, though it seemed to be slowing down. Jennifer hastily removed her bra, letting her breasts breathe as she sighed in relief. The sensations soon passed, giving her enough peace of mind to drive back home. Her friend said the pills would fully take effect within twenty-four hours. She had every intention spending those hours around her girlfriend.

"Hey, Laura, I'm back!" Jennifer called as she stepped through the door. It had been an hour's drive back from the pharmacy, giving the pill more time to work its curious scientific wonders. Her oversized shirt now struggled to properly fit around her breasts, while remaining incredibly loose around her waist. The belt on her strained jeans cut uncomfortably into her sides.

"What did you go to get again?" Laura inquired from the living room, idly sketching an image from the television, and looked up at Jennifer's smiling face from the doorway.

"Just a little something," Jennifer answered slyly, winking at her lover.

"I swear if it's some kinky bondage shit," Laura let the threat trail off, though her glare remained fixated on Jennifer's jubilant face. After several months together, it was impossible for her to fully hide anything from Laura. Not that Jennifer didn't try.

"No, nothing like that. Give it some time and I'm sure you'll notice," Jennifer teased, walking over to sit beside her.

"Did you pad your bra?" Laura groaned, rolling her eyes with a good-natured smile, "You know I don't care about boob size, right?"

"I do," Jennifer nodded, "Not that I can understand why." She added, glancing down at her girlfriend's prodigious bust, which pulled her top taut around their wide expanse. It was rare in the past few weeks, but Jennifer loved watching Laura's nipples harden and tent the fabric.

"Just how I am, I guess," Laura shrugged and leaned up, pecking her on the cheek. She lingered there, inhaling softly, "Did you get a new perfume?"

"No, why?" Jennifer arched an eyebrow. She had heard about this from her friend, that the pill had the unintended side effect of heightening pheromones, though she hadn't expected to work so quickly.

"You smell good," Laura stated, smiling softly, "Sexy."

"Thanks," Jennifer beamed, relieved that her plan was working thus far, "I'm gonna go change. I swear these clothes are shrinking."

"Or maybe you're still growing?" Laura offered.

"Maybe," Jennifer agreed with a knowing smirk, then rushed upstairs to inspect the current changes to her figure. They weren't ostensibly noticeable without a keen look, much less so through her clothes, though she could easily see that her breasts had grown more than a cup size, and her hips had improved similarly. Neither could overshadow the most striking development though, that being her clit.

It poked out from its hood and hung in front of her pussy. Jennifer didn't dare touch it, already fearful that a breeze would brush against the growing cluster of nerves. When the shape finished forming, then she could indulge in a little contact. She took a deep breath and rubbed some desensitising gel onto it, restraining a moan before the gel took effect. Modern science is a miracle, she thought as she pulled a pair of panties over her numbed clit.

The young woman found her loosest shirt and a pair of sweatpants. Her shirt was large enough to fall from one of her shoulders, almost revealing the larger shape of her breast, while her pants threatened to fall off her sides if she didn't cock a leg just right. A giggle of anticipation fluttered in her chest as she went back downstairs.

Jennifer and Laura lounged around without any aim in mind. It was their day-off, and they planned on making the best of it. They curled up together on the couch, snuggling as they caught up on their favourite shows. Jennifer found it hard to concentrate as time passed by, her body further developing. She excused herself and headed to the bathroom.

Her pants were no longer on the verge of slipping down. They were still loose around her hips, however her augmented curves kept it up. Jennifer couldn't resist feeling her new sides, basking in the plushness that met her fingers. Her breasts weren't forgotten either, each mound approaching the size of a honeydew melon. She wondered how Laura hadn't noticed anything, especially the bulge in her crotch. Maybe if she took the other pill, it'd speed it up? Jennifer shrugged. It couldn't hurt.

She returned to the living room, where her bag sat on the coffee table. Laura was in the kitchen, fixing a snack. A perfect chance, Jennifer thought and searched through her bag for the small package. Minutes passed by without luck. Did she leave it in the car? Jennifer rolled her eyes to herself and went to get her keys, then stopped when Laura walked back inside.

It'd defeat the purpose of a surprise if Laura got too suspicious. Jennifer sighed internally and returned the couch, hugging her girlfriend tight to her enlarged chest. Even if this failed, she couldn't deny how nice it felt to hold someone against her breasts now.

The sun set by the time they'd finished with everything. A perfectly timed knock at the door signalled that their pizza had arrived. Laura hopped up to answer it, leaving Jennifer to frown in wonder at how oblivious her lover was being. She normally saw everything, Jennifer thought, recalling how she'd failed to keep Laura's Christmas presents a secret because of her lover's keen eye. Then what was blinding her?

Jennifer's eyes fixed themselves onto Laura's behind, just visibly around the doorframe. She'd practically fallen in love with the woman's curves long before they officially met, and her memories were brimming with all the times she'd stared and lusted after Laura's figure. That made it easy to tell when Laura gained anything on her already statuesque body. Jennifer's eyebrow arched when she realised that her girlfriend's rear seemed bigger than normal.

"Your pizza, milady," Laura laughed as she set it on the coffee table in front of Jennifer, "What?" She asked, arching an eyebrow.

"Did you take anything out of my bag?" Jennifer interrogated with a glance to her bag, where the other pill should have remained.

"Hmm? Uh," Laura looked away and flushed a light shade of red, "I noticed how you were, um, changing and figured you'd have two."

"You knew?" Jennifer blurted, turning a much deeper shade of crimson.

"How could I not?" Laura chuckled and reached down to grab Jennifer's newly enlarged breasts.

"So, uh... you like?" Jennifer stammered, arching her chest against the hands.

"I like," Laura smirked, sinking onto the couch to deepen the contact between them. Her fingers were devoured by the mounds, sinking into them like she was squeezing a stress ball, while leaning in close to put her lips against Jennifer's ear, "But I think there's a certain something I'd like more. Don't you?"

"Yeah," Jennifer breathed, reaching down to yank her pants away from her hips, which had grown out, as had her breasts, to stretch her once loose clothes. A gasp erupted from her mouth when her cock similarly burst free of its confines, slapping against her shirt and leaving a wet streak of pre-cum.

"Someone's eager," Laura teased, latching her lips onto Jennifer's ear, biting it softly to draw a pleasant sigh from the futa. One of her hands soon found its way to Jennifer's cock, squeezing out a large dollop of pre.

"It's been weeks, babe," Jennifer moaned, thrusting her hips against Laura's hand, "Don't make me wait any longer, please?"

"Oh, how I can say no?" Laura cooed. She drew back and pulled her shirt off, then watched the futa do the same, revealing a set of abnormally perky tits the size of her head. The twin mountains went ignored as Laura leaned low, putting her face within reach of Jennifer's throbbing cock. She inhaled, releasing it with a languid sigh, then wrapped her lips around the bulbous tip.

Jennifer groaned in pleasure and raised her hips, sinking more of her constantly expanding prick into the warmth she now coveted. It was so different to having her pussy eaten out, strangely muted by comparison, yet vastly more intense in its own way. She fondled her breasts, growing more fervent as Laura sank lower. It soon became obvious to Jennifer why futanari always wanted sex as her new balls clenched, and her cock slid into Laura's throat.

Heat spread rapidly throughout her shaft. It overpowered the warmth of Laura's mouth, before cooling as a surge of pleasure poured from her member. Jennifer bucked against her lover's face, grunting as her cock spewed its fresh seed. The amount was enough that it leaked from Laura's lips, thick rivulets of semen drooling onto Jennifer's pulsating crotch. Laura swallowed every release as best she could, gulping noisily.

"Oh, fuck, that was... that's..." Jennifer couldn't conjure the words through her haze of pleasure, as the aftermath dribbled from her dick and onto Laura's tongue.

"Hmm," Laura moaned, then moved up to press her lips against Jennifer's, forcing hers open to drool a mouthful of cum and spit into her mouth, "Swallow." Jennifer did as she was told, immediately feeling a surge of warmth throughout her body.

"Whoa..." Jennifer gasped, "What was..."

"Autus pills work best when you ingest cum," Laura stated, as if it were a fact taught to pre-schoolers, "Which means..." She trailed off, looking down at her own figure to watch as her already heavy breasts expanded to, and beyond, Jennifer's own pair. Likewise, Laura's hips stretched her pants as her ass also joined in the expansion.

"They last twenty-four hours," Jennifer began, barely able to keep her hands away from Laura's extravagantly enticing body, "Are we going to abuse that?"

"Fuck... ah!" Laura yelped as her clit spontaneously reshaped itself into a cock, its tip peeking out from her waistband, "Yeah, we are."

Jennifer quickly captured Laura's lips in her own, silencing any words and thoughts. They fell to the couch, hands roaming across the other to explore the new flesh. The pizza sat forgotten, its tantalising odour submitting beneath the overwhelming musk of their sexes as all four leaked profusely. It was impossible to decide if Jennifer wanted to penetrate or be penetrated. She didn't dwell on the thought for long as the sounds of her and Laura's moans filled her mind.

Plush skin depressed under her hungry fingers. There was so much more to discover now, and there would only be extra as time passed. Jennifer ground her crotch against Laura, inadvertently grinding their cocks together. Their moans rose in tandem, falling into harmony as the pleasure rose to its peak. Warmth exploded against Jennifer's body, a mixture of their jizz spraying against her.

"Open wide," Laura panted, shovelling entire handfuls into Jennifer's mouth, while the same was done to her. Both flushed hotly as their bodies devoured the sperm, moulding into fuel for their growth. Jennifer pushed Laura onto her back and straddled her, sliding her growing cock between the also expanding tits. The prone futa adjusted quickly and pressed her watermelon boobs together, massaging and milking the thrusting shaft between them. She kissed and licked at the tip whenever it drew too near.

Before long, Jennifer was cumming again. Laura entrapped the head past her lips, letting the flood of semen wash across her tongue. She swallowed, the sounds of her gulps rising above Jennifer's churning balls and high-pitched moans. When the tide reduced to a manageable dribble, she let it gather in her mouth until it was mere drops, then moved back to Jennifer and fed her once more. Then it was her turn to pin the recently turned futa.

Jennifer moaned as her ass was used. She was trapped on her stomach as Laura's thighs straddled her own, while the curvier futa's cock sandwiched between Jennifer's large, inviting ass. The cheeks jiggled and bounced with every thrust, while the crack between them was lathered in Laura's abundant pre-cum. Thick veins pulsed against her pliant flesh, each throb preceding a slight growth.

"You ready?" Laura panted, her pulse racing as she halted her thrusts.

"For what?" Jennifer rasped, shaking her hips in mindless desire. She didn't receive a response. Laura simply hiked her lover's hips up, spread her legs, then speared the dripping cunt on her desperate cock. Both matched the other's cry as they came. Laura reached around Jennifer to grab her dick and cut off the flow of cum, while her own prick unleashed a tsunami of jizz. It poured into Jennifer's snatch, then gushed out from the pressure. Sloppy drips of white fell heavily onto the couch below.

"So hot," Jennifer gasped as her pussy continued to be inundated in sperm. Her cervix gladly accepted what it could, though none of the sperm touched her eggs as it was absorbed into her growth obsessed body. With every throb of Laura's veiny cock, Jennifer felt herself grow. Even after the flow subsided, her curves continued to expand, as did her cock.

"My turn," Laura moaned as she pulled out, ignoring the tide of cum that followed her. She didn't need to say anything more as she turned around to present her own, monumental ass to Jennifer. The backed up futa quickly righted herself and pressed her purple head against the opening, sinking inside with a delighted moan. Walls of velvet clung to her and coated every inch of her growing member in lustful heat.

Jennifer clasped her hands onto Laura's ass. The cheeks were too big for her fingers to fully grasp, but that made no difference as she groped the pert mounds as if they were tits. She sank further into the undulating depths, relishing the build up to the moment that her crotch met those delicious curves. That moment never came. Her cock came against a barrier, halting her an inch from her goal.

An animalistic snarl curled her lips. She slowly retracted her shaft, as if moving any faster would break her brittle self-control, then plunged it back in with all the force in her hips. Laura screeched at the second penetration. Jennifer ignored the sound as she finally pressed her body flush against the perfect ass. She, then, repeated the motion with every ounce of power she possessed. Their flesh clapped together and echoed throughout the room, as Laura's pussy squelched wetly with every thrust.

Jennifer wrapped her arms around Laura and mauled her tits. They were much too large for her hands to even come close, yet that did nothing dissuade her. Dense streams fell against the cushions below, pattering like heavy rainfall as Laura's pussy seized up in a perpetual climax. Jennifer grunted, and her thrusts turned erratic. The sensations were too much.

She copied Laura and grabbed her lover's cock, closing off any exit. Jennifer, then, slammed her crotch against Laura's ass as she came like a pressurised hose. The flesh rippled against her belly, completing the moment alongside the desperate lurching from Laura's cock. Jennifer bucked against her girlfriend, prolonging the already unending climax. She piled every ounce of thick, sperm-dense seed into Laura's womb. Not a drop escaped the watertight seal.

When the tremors of her orgasm trailed off, Jennifer pulled free. She didn't waste a second, however, and crouched low to push her lips against Laura's cunt. A blissful moan signalled the deluge of cum, as it streaked forth under so much pressure. Jennifer greedily swallowed every drop that she could, savouring the added flavour of her lover's tangy cunt, while mauling the expanding ass with her insatiable fingers.

"Fuck..." Laura moaned as she fell onto her side, a slight trickle of semen still leaking down her thighs. Her belly was slightly rounded, packed to the brim with still processing cum. She'd be pregnant without a doubt. The growing futa looked to her lover, who laid behind her, hands cupping an ass that any pornstar would salivate after. If there was anyone she'd want children, it was Jennifer.

"You know you wanted to try anal?" Jennifer whispered breathlessly, her cock finding its way between Laura's cheeks to poke against her puckered anus.

"Do it," Laura gasped at the smouldering heat touching her darkest of holes, "Fuck the ass you adore so much."

"Gladly," Jennifer groaned and pushed inside, moaning blissfully at the tightness that wrapped around her. Yet, despite the way the walls clenched and pushed against her, she slid in with ease. She had suspected that Laura played with her ass, though she hadn't known just how much. Inch after inch of her turgid shaft sank inside Laura's hungry asshole.

"Give me every drop, you hear?" Laura moaned, bucking her matronly ass against Jennifer's thrusts.

"You better do the same," Jennifer growled, already feeling her next orgasm well up in her heavy sack. The balls felt like they had to be on par with grapefruits, though she didn't care to pause and find out.

"I'll turn you into my cum balloon," Laura promised, confident in her statement as her testicles gurgled and swelled against their fleshy prison. Their size belied the amount of seed churning within, which only increased with every thrust Jennifer made against her newly grown prostrate. Laura had to keep a tight grip on her shaft, otherwise her seed would explode from her.

"I'll... hold... you... to that!" Jennifer exclaimed, pushing in to the hilt and unleashing a second titanic wave of seed inside her lover. She wrapped her arms around Laura's waist, moaning when she felt the shape of her cock through the penetrated futa's belly. As Jennifer's seed gushed inside, the smooth expanse swelled outward like a pregnancy time lapse. The pressure made Laura burp, bringing the distinct taste of semen with it. A sudden increase brought a small sputter of cum.

Jennifer eventually petered out and slid free. Her viscous seed coated every inch of her huge member, which now more than rivalled her arm in size. Though it was nothing compared to Laura's, which hung over her thigh and threatened to land in the pizza as it grew and grew. The massively endowed futa groaned and sat up, cradling her belly like a mother would.

"Jenny..." Laura began, but she didn't need to finish. Her lover was already standing over her, legs and pussy lips spread wide for the monument to virility. She sank down as Laura kept it straight, its head growing up to meet Jennifer's sodden snatch, which greedily opened around the huge tip. Jennifer grunted as she stretched, likening the sensation to the first time she was fisted. Only far, far more intense as her balls also brushed along the impaling shaft.
