 Carol had the radio on as we drove to her place, which partially distracted me from my thoughts. Was there a way to defeat the all seeing eye? I could think of surreptitious ways of communicating like texting under the blankets at five am, throat mikes and cochlear earphones were two of the more 'off the wall' ones. 

There seemed to be no way to escape. I could make it difficult; moving at high speed along an erratic course like a rollercoaster was the best I could come up with there. It was going to be a fact of life we were going learn to live with. 

Carol led us into a small passageway and down to the end door. The place was utilitarian rather than feminine, with geometric patterned wallpaper, plain dark blue carpet and a striped cloth three-piece living room suite. 

"Make yourselves at home," Carol said, as she crossed through to a door in the far wall. "I'm going to have that drink now, a medium dry white okay?" 

"Yes, that's fine by me," Sally answered, as I gave a nod. 

We sat together on the three-seated couch and I slipped my arm around her shoulder as she snuggled in. 

"We should be safe here for a day or two," I said, laying my head on hers. 

"We'll have to get fresh clothes and things, we've only got what we're standing up in," she replied squeezing her hand around my back. 

"Mm," I acknowledged. "The bigger problem is getting things done before they catch up to us. If anyone has any sense they'll be working to upgrade their tunnel to give them the fine tuning they need to capture the fine details of conversations and written stuff." 

"Have you got a plan then?" she asked. 

"Not really. I was going to ask Carol if it was possible to arrange a press conference at short notice -." 

"What was that about a press conference?" Carol asked as she walked back in with a bottle and glasses on a tray. 

"My solution to the problem. Hold a press conference; get the facts out there as soon as possible. You don't need me to front it, but if the headline speaker got arrested before he could make the announcement it would spice the story up a little," I answered. 

"I'll say," Carol replied with a chuckle. 

She looked thoughtful as she walked over. "Ordinarily, you'd invite the science and technology reporters but for this one we are going to invite some of the big names. We'll invite TV as well; send them all a teasing email about a world changing event." 

She set the tray down and sat in one of the armchairs. "We can make a list, including all the foreign press, and I can start compiling addresses. What do you think should go into the email?" 

She poured the wine as I answered, "Well, I'd like to pick your brains on that. We have to tell them enough to get them interested. The history aspect would be best to do that, but it would also give them the chance to extrapolate into the privacy controversy." 

Sally unravelled herself from me to take the proffered glass. 

"We're safe with astronomy, but how do we make that world shattering?" I continued on, as I took my glass from her. 

"We go with history," she said firmly. "We emphasise ancient history, the Greeks, the Romans, and so on. We'll have your Tunnel there to demonstrate it, along with a giant screen." 

"We've got shots of the Santorini volcano blowing up, the Atlantis mystery," put in Sally. 

"There's a little problem sticking with that era, someone might ask to see Christ's birth or crucifixion. The last thing I want, is to stir up a religious controversy," I put in. 

"What if we do the Aztecs or the period in Indian history where they made those pornographic temples," asked Sally. 

"Or the burial of the first Chinese Emperor," Carol added. 

"Yes, all of those are good. We could also go back to the building of the Pyramids or Stonehenge." 

Where is the Tunnel now?" Carol asked. 

"In a safe place for the time being," I answered. 

"That's fair enough," she replied. "We'll need it set up in the Chancellor's auditorium. If I send the emails out by lunch time, I can try for an evening meeting. We may not get all the top guns there, but there'll be enough to make a splash on the late evening news." 

"Good," I said. "I'll raise my glass to that." 

"To success," Carol toasted as we leaned together to clink glasses. 

After we'd taken our sips, Sally spoke. "Carol, seeing as we can't get back to our flat, we're a bit short on clothes. Is there any chance of you driving me to the supermarket so I can at least buy fresh undies?" 

"Yes, if you want," she replied. "I could do with getting a few things in for breakfast tomorrow." 

"Oh good," she said, delighted. 

"We'd better be going now," Carol said, standing. "Before I drink too much to drive." 

"Okay," Sally agreed, bending forward to pick up her bag. 

"Carol, can I ask a favour? Can I ask you to pay for the time being? I would rather Sally not use her card, it can be used to track us. They'll have a time and place reference to locate her and follow you back," I explained. 

"Yes, no problem," she replied turning her gaze to Sally. 

"See you later," Sally said, bending to kiss me lightly. 

As they walked out, I got up and went over to pick up the remote for the TV. Switching it on, I wandered back to my seat while it warmed up. I tuned it into the 24 hr BBC News and topped my glass up before kicking my shoes off and Curling up on the couch. 

I let the words wash past me, thinking more about the earlier Tunnel session. We should have checked out the lab at GCHQ, seen what was happening there. I'd have to remedy that error tomorrow, I needed to know how advanced their model was. 

My thoughts strayed to what a news program might look like after the Tunnel's introduction. They could be there to watch the story unfold, catering for those without Tunnels of their own and those too lazy or busy to do it themselves. 

The internet was going to explode with clips and a lot of celebrities would find themselves wishing for obscurity. That led me to thinking of my watchers, those ghosts from a quantum future willing me to follow the path to their existence. 

It was nearly an hour before Carol and Sally returned. I got up from the couch when I heard their chatty voices in the corridor and met them as they walked in. Both of them were carrying bags, Carol gave me a smile as she passed while Sally dropped hers to reach out and fold her arms around me to give me a hug. 

"Mm," I uttered appreciatively, my hands rubbing her back. 

"We got you some boxers and a couple of shirts. The collar size might not be right but the fit looked fine for you," she said as she loosened her arms and leaned back in mine. 

"Socks as well?" I asked. 

"Yes, socks as well, black with coloured toes and heels," she answered smiling. 

"Thanks," I said, pulling her in. 

She turned her elbows in, holding herself off. "I've got some sexy lingerie to wear for you as well." 

My eyes widened in delight as I leaned forward to plant my lips on hers and give her a 'thank you' kiss. 

"Hey lovebirds, I've got some nibbles here if you're peckish," Carol said disturbing us. 

I turned as we disentangled ourselves. "Sorry," I said automatically. 

"S'alright," she responded. "Peanuts, Bombay mix; you can put them out while I finish the unpacking." 

"Yea sure," I replied starting towards her. 

Sally had the contents of her bags in piles on the couch as I brought the bowls of snacks over. I smiled as I saw the boxers were 'snug' fit when I cleared them aside to sit down. 

"I see I've got sexy underwear as well," I said, setting them on the shirts beside me. 

"Mm," she said. "That's my little treat." 

I chuckled and lay back. "Shall I change now?" I said softly. 

Carol took that moment to walk back in carrying another bottle of wine. "Help yourselves," she said as she put it down. "I'm going to get my laptop." 

"Thanks," I said, to her retreating back. 

"Put these with yours," she asked when I turned back. 

I took the proffered pile of underwear from her and felt her snuggling up as I turned to put it on my stack. 

"Thanks," she said, ducking under my arm as I turned back. 

"A moment," I replied as I leant forward, almost rising from the seat as I reached for my glass and the half-empty bottle. "Want some?" I asked as I straightened. 

"No," she replied, leaning forward to join me. "I didn't get to drink much before we left." 

As I was filling my glass, Carol walked back in. I moved the clothes to Sally's lap when she walked around the table to sit next to me. "Top mine up as well please," she asked as she sat. 

As I stretched for her glass, she put the laptop on the table. "Right. We need to create our email," she announced. "I think we should start; 'Pictorial time travel possible with new physics discovery.' What do you think?" 

"Sounds good to me," I answered. "Like a banner headline." 

"Yes," agreed Sally. 

"Next we should put something like; 'Professor unveiling Time Tunnel ahead of schedule as news circulates in scientific community' , throwing them a potential lead that'll bring in some confirmation and credibility, but only 'scientific information'." 

She paused a second. "And it helps explain the short notice." 

"Yes that's fine so far. It covers all the bases," I said nodding and passing her the glass. 

She took a sip. "Good, now we're going to have to have a quote from you." 

"What should I say? Something about its history potential? Or some of the science behind it?" 

"A little of both would be good," she encouraged. 

"How about: It's going to give science and the public unprecedented access to history and the stars. The quasi wormhole is a breakthrough in inter-dimensional physics and explicit proof that full time travel is impossible." 

Sally gave a little chuckle. "Spoken like a true Professor. Pompous hot air." 

"No that's fine," Carol said. "I've no idea what the second sentence means but the first one's okay." 

"The second says nothing new with big words. Kinda scientific gobbledygook that looks like it means something but doesn't," Sally put in. 

"I've just invented inter-dimensional physics," I said with a smile. 

Carol took another sip of her drink, prompting us to reach for our glasses. "Can you do that? Invent a new word." 

"In this case yes. It's a totally new and unexpected phenomena and I discovered it. I could do a bit of misdirection and call it 'Quantum Tunnelling' or 'Spooky action at a distance'." 

"No, inter-dimensional physics is okay. Now we need to set out the time and place. How about seven pm?" 

"Anytime yes," I agreed. 

"And I'll set it up for the hall. I intend to invite everyone I can think of including TV." 

"Yes," I agreed again. 

"Good," she said. "I'll get that down and then start making a list of invitees." 

She moved seats to an armchair, turned the laptop toward her, and opened it up. 

I took another sip of my drink and set it down. 

"Want to watch anything?" I asked Sally, reaching for the remote. 

"No," she said, with a shake of her head. "Let's just snuggle for a while." 

I hit the off button and dropped it back as she put her cup down. I let her pull me back as she tilted backwards. She guided my arm over her shoulder, letting my hand slip to her side as she turned in. 

I glanced over to see Carol busy typing then moved my hand to cup Sally's breast as I turned back. She turned her head up with a grin on her face and blew me an air kiss before laying her head back down. 

I brought my arm up to grasp her arm, my thumb idly stroking as I considered what to say at the press conference. I was considering shock tactics, playing the clip where he ordered my arrest. 

I could follow that, by showing them the Prime Minister's daily briefing; that should make the point that nothing was secret anymore. I could then vocally tell them, why I thought it should be publically available and highlight some of the benefits. 

"If you two want to relax, your room's ready. Second door on the right. The first door is the bathroom," Carol said, interrupting my thoughts. 

I glanced at my watch, a little after nine. 

"I'll be busy with this for a while, it's taking a bit more research than I thought," she continued. 

"Okay thanks," I replied releasing Sally. "It's been an eventful day." 

We got up, me downing my glass while Sally picked the clothes up, and said goodnight as we left. I led the way, opening the door for Sally. There was a double bed with a folded down quilt along with a wardrobe and a chest of drawers. 

Sally took the clothes over and put them on top of the drawers while I walked over and sat on the bed. "Here, try a pair on," she said when she turned to me. 

I caught the boxers she threw and dropped them beside me to stand and unfasten my belt. She tossed her undies beside mine and started taking off her top as she walked to join me. 

My cock was already half hard as I as I pushed my trousers down, I could see her glance at it as I sat down. She was standing over me bare breasted, threading her arms through her new bra, it took me a second to realise it had a front clasp. 

She gave a little giggle when she looked up and saw me watching. I smiled back then bent forward to pull my trousers and socks off. My cock was fully erect when I straightened up and found Sally slipping her panties down. 

For a long second I could do nothing but stare at the dark V of curly hair before she bent to take them off. She straightened and my eyes followed her bulging breasts spilling out of the quarter cup bra. 

She took a pace closer when she stepped out of them. "Close your mouth, before you start drooling," she said jokingly as she leaned to the side of me to pick up the fresh panties. 

"Sorry," I said, turning with my hand going to her shoulder as I kissed her arm. 

"Put yours on," she said softly as she trailed them over my thighs. 

I leaned back up to grab them while Sally straightened clutching a skimpy thong. I bent forward and thrust my feet into the shorts, standing as I pulled them up. She was pulling hers up, opening her legs as she eased them into her crotch. 

They were V shaped and near transparent and tight enough to give a hint of a camel toe. Tufts of her bushy pubes spilled out in the notch of the V, dark against her pale skin and the blush pink of the panties. 

My cock now held upright in the shorts, twitched and grew a little harder. As my eyes tracked up, she stepped forward and sat astride my knees. She leaned in and brushed her lips over mine as her fingers busied themselves undoing my shirt. 

"They make you look really big," she said admiringly as she stood to push the shirt from my shoulders. 

"Mm," I said, glancing down. "I think you have something to do with that." 

She moved her hands to her hips and gave them a wiggle as she straightened up. My eyes tracked up her body, lingering a few moments on her jiggling breasts before meeting her eyes. 

"Well?" she asked. 

"You look sexy and beautiful," I replied, lifting my eyebrows. 

She grinned at me as she brought her arms up to my shoulders and sat back on my knees. I slipped my arms around her back and pulled her closer. She anticipated the kiss, her tongue snaking out to meet mine even before our lips met. 

I held her firmly as I levered us further back, then lifted her legs with mine to twist us properly onto the bed. Her hands had shifted to my cheeks, keeping the kiss going till I could respond again. 

The feel of her skin, the firmness of her breasts pressed against me, delighted and excited me. Squeezed between us my shaft felt hot and hard, ready for use. All that was on my mind now was Sally and the intimacy I felt between us. 

The kiss mellowed and she ended it with a smatter of light kisses around my mouth. Lifting her hips she drew her knees up to sit in my lap, her hot pussy pressing on the base of my shaft. 

It was then that I thought of the condoms, or rather the lack of them. "Oh shit!" I exclaimed, drawing myself up on my elbows. 

"What's wrong?" she asked, slightly alarmed. 

"We've got no condoms," I explained, disappointment colouring my voice. 

"Oh," she huffed. "How could we forget them?" 

"It doesn't matter, we can sixty-nine instead," I commiserated. 

"We should have got some when we went to the supermarket," she said rhetorically, chiding herself. 

"It's okay," I reassured her. 

"I know. It's that tonight could be the last. You've got a very public appearance and I've got my period coming this weekend," she explained. 

"I'm hoping that the press conference will see an end to them wanting to question me," I replied. "Shall I ask Carol if she has any handy?" 

"Oh God no! It was embarrassing enough when she paid for the new underwear," she retorted. 

"Then we do without," I said calmly. "I promise there'll be a next time. I don't mind if we just cuddle and go to sleep." 

"No," she said, launching herself forward to lie back down on me. "I want us to make love, to enjoy the feel of you inside me. Joining us in heart and body." 

"We could use the catholic contraception, coitus interruptus," I offered. 

"That's cruel to both of us," she came back. "I've got a better idea. We could sixty-nine first and then when you've recovered we can make love properly. You won't have much cum the second time and my period is due." 

"As you wish," I replied, loosening my arms to let my hands slip to her sides. "Do you want top or bottom?" 

"Top is better," she replied with a giggle as she eased herself back up. 

My eyes were drawn to the nipple slipped free of the tight cup. I could also feel my cock growing firm as her pussy pressed against it. She used my ribs as leverage to stand, and then brought her hands to her hips. 

She stepped to the side of me to slide the thong down, letting gravity take it when it got to her knees. Stepping out of it she positioned herself above me, giving me a magnificent view of her pussy before she squatted and I reached up to take her thighs to guide her. 

She was already wet and the taste and aroma flooded my senses as my tongue tip brushed over her slippery plump lips. I heard a slight sighing moan as her hands landed softly on my tummy and then slid down over my shorts. 

My cock was straining against the material as her hands stroked over it, sending shivers through me. I let my tongue respond, dipping it into her honey hole and rolling it around the rim. 

I felt her thumbs slide up and hook under my waistband. As I lifted my hips, she slid them to the tops of my legs, catching my helmet with her tongue as it sprang up. The thrill of it squeezing through her lips as she sucked it in sent another shiver through my body. 

Our mutual licking and sucking pushed us both inexorably towards the moment of climax, with me being the first to succumb, my trembling body and twitching hips giving her all the warning she needed to take me deep into her mouth when I came. 

She continued sucking till the increased sensitivity made me twist my hips away. 

She pushed herself up as I rolled back and surrendered to the glow of sexual relief and satisfaction. Through heavy lidded eyes, I watched her twist to kneel beside me then lie down across my still heaving chest. 

"Mm," she sighed as she wrapped one hand around my neck while the other one snaked down to grasp my now flaccid cock. 

My head felt heavy as I craned my neck and planted a thank you kiss on her head. She responded by licking my chest then wriggling across until she could lick my nipple. It tickled and I had the urge to laugh but suppressed it to give a contented "Mm." 

We lay quietly, Sally giving my cock the occasional squeeze and rub, till it began to respond and started thickening. She slipped one leg over mine as she started to stroke my strengthening shaft. 
