 This is my second story, and it will be longer and I will try to make it better than the last one, I hope you enjoy it.

~Neorotoxin

When signing up for a new job, it is extremely important to read the fine print on all of the documents. When you do, you can avoid a lot of trouble that can stem from rules and conditions listed that you may not have been aware of. This is the cause of all of my trouble, so you may as well learn from my mistakes, as it is too late for me, but you might have a chance.

My name is Joe Jackson, and this is how my life changed in a way I never could have envisioned. It all began several years ago, when my job ended when the factory I worked at was bought by a large company, who then fired. So I was out of work, my savings were limited, and I was. Being a factory worker I didn't have many skills to bring to the job market, so I was desperate. Of course I sent out my resume to anyone I could, as well as some staffing services, hoping anyone would hire me. 

Running out of money, with my landlord giving me a two week notice before I was on the street, I got a letter from one of the staffing services with a job offer. It was for the position of personal assistant to the owner of a business called Genesis Technologies, who was named Jessica Drake, and if I was interested I was to call to schedule and interview. Even though I had no experience in that field, I immediately called and set up an interview, having no other offers.

The next day, I showed up to the specified place, a business complex with a plain office building, a factory, and an employee dormitory. A security guard directed me to the office building, where I was shown to the office of an average looking middle-aged woman by one of the secretaries. After introductions were exchanged (her name was Sue Harris) we got down to business.

"Mr. Jackson, before we get anywhere, I need to let you know what will be required of you before you are considered for this job. First of all, you will be required to undergo drug screening, to make sure that you are not under the influence of any substances that may impair you while you perform the duties that would be required of you. Secondly, you will also be required to undergo a full physical and blood screening to make sure you are physically capable of the duties required, as well as to be sure you are not carrying any potentially harmful diseases that you could inadvertently transmit to Ms. Drake. Last of all, we will have your background examined to make sure you are not a criminal and to examine your medical records to make certain that you have no allergies that would prevent you from performing your duties. If you are willing to do this, you need to sign this release form, which gives us the right to use our in house physician to perform the physical and take the blood sample. Do you agree?"

"Of course, I have nothing to hide"

"Good to hear, so go ahead and sign this and we'll get this thing rolling"

After signing the form, I followed her to an office with a full suite of medical equipment, including MRI and full surgical equipment. Curious, I asked "why do you have so much high end medical equipment, what does this company do that might need such things?"

After a few moments, she responded "we manufacture and test medical equipment, mainly MRI's and other highly expensive scanning and testing mechanisms. We also build and test as nano-machines. The nano-machine technology is still in its early stages, but it shows much promise. Unfortunately, at this time the manufacturing process can still be unstable and dangerous, and we've found that having full medical facilities avoids potential danger by having near instant care available to our workers. This also prevents potential security risks by doing all medical care for employees here whenever possible, so that they cannot be questioned while under anesthesia. As you may or may not be aware of, corporate espionage is a big danger in emerging technologies."

"Okay, that makes sense"

"This is nurse Julia Sanchez, and she will take care of business for now, so I will leave you in here expert hands."

Nurse Sanchez was a stereotypical nurse of the best kind, a nice lady in her fifties, a bit overweight, but with a wonderful smile.

"Mr. Jackson, please undress, put on the hospital gown (she hands me one) and sit on the table while I take a blood sample." Once the blood is taken, put into a fridge for testing later, she says "please lie down on the MRI table and we will scan you. This new model of MRI uses nano-machines which I will inject into you to get a much more detailed scan than an ordinary MRI can, as well as eliminating the need for me to examine you as thoroughly as I would need t o in the physical. After about five minutes the nano-machines will have permeated your body completely. Later, we can remove them, Okay?"

"Okay"

I then proceed to lay on the MRI table where she straps me in and injects a syringe full of the silvery nano-machines into my arm. After a few minutes, nurse Sanchez activated the MRI table, making it slide into the MRI, and then activated the MRI itself, telling me to hold as still as possible. Once the scan was finished, she activated the table again, sliding it out of the MRI. She then proceeded to unstrap me.

"Mr. Jackson, once you get dressed again I will lead you out of the building."

"Okay."

Once I finished getting dresses, as promised, she lead me out of the building.

"It was nice meeting you Mr. Jackson, and good luck"

"Thanks."

After a few days, I got a call from the company.

"Mr. Jackson, after carefully performing the medical tests, background checks, and thoroughly looking over the information, we have come to the conclusion that you will do well here, so congratulations."

"Wow! Thanks, this is really good news"

"I'm glad you're pleased, now you need to come back here and fill out the rest of the paperwork and I'll introduce you to Ms. Drake."

"Okay, I'll be right over."

Once there, a secretary showed me to Ms. Harris's office. Handing me a packet of papers, she said "Please fill these out, and I will show you to Ms. Drake's office."

After I filled out the paperwork, she brought me to an elevator, which we took to the top floor. Leading me into a large corner office, she said, "Ms. Drake, this is Mr. Jackson, Mr. Jackson, this is Ms. Drake. I'll leave you to your business. Goodbye"


Once she had left, Ms. Drake said, "Mr. Jackson, before we get anywhere, I'd like to ask if we could drop the formalities, as being called Ms. Drake makes me feel old. If you wouldn't mind, I'd like you to call me Jessica, and I'd like to call you Joe."

"Of course I don't mind, but I appreciate you asking."

"Now that that is settled, I will tell you your duties and benefits. First of all, you will be my assistant, basically taking notes, getting things for me, keeping track of appointments, that sort of thing. You will need to stay at the employee dorm, because I stay there and sometimes things come up and I'll need you ASAP. You will get full medical, dental, vision, and life insurance. Your housing and food bills will be taken care of by us. Your pay will depend on how you do. You will sit at a desk in the corner in my office. Do you understand?"

"Yes Jessica."

"Now, I wont need your help today, so you may as well get your things moved in and get a good sleep. You will only need your clothes and personal effects, as furniture and toiletries is provided. You can use one of the storage facilities in the complex for the rest of your things. You should probably get something to eat too, as we'll be busy and you'll need your energy tomorrow. Go downstairs and tell one of the secretaries you need a room assignment on my floor. Congratulations too."

"Thanks Jessica, and I'll see you tomorrow."

After picking up my things from my old apartment, collecting my security deposit, and dropping my stuff off at the storage and my new room, I hit the cafeteria. After I finished eating, I decided it was time to go to bed. Once I got to my room, I took a shower and hit the bed. I thought I heard a high pitched noise for a split second, but took it for just my imagination. In a few moments, my skin felt a little tingly, but before I could scratch at it I felt unusually sleepy and my mind felt foggy, and I couldn't help but fall asleep.

Once morning rolled around, I woke up, and noticed that my mind still felt foggy, I couldn't think as clearly, and my skin was still tingling. I decided to take a shower, hoping the warm water would make me feel better. After the water had warmed up and I got in, I noticed that something was a bit off. For some reason, all of my body hair had fallen out, and it looked as if I had lost weight. Deciding that maybe it was a negative reaction to the MRI, I figured I'd go and ask nurse Sanchez later in the day, and I dried off.

Once that was done, I got dressed, noticing for some reason my nipples felt a lot more sensitive than was normal. I then headed to the office building, and up the elevator to Jessica's office. When I walked in, she asked "how was your sleep, and how do you feel?"

I told her "I slept fine, but I my mind felt foggy right before I fell asleep, and it felt the same when I woke up, and still does. Also, for some reason my body hair has all fallen out, I seem to have lost weight, and my nipples are sensitive." After a few moments I noticed that I had told her all of that and couldn't figure out why I had told her that instead of just saying that I felt fine. Looking up at her, I noticed she was smiling in a self satisfied way, and decided to ask her, "why are you smiling that way, do you know what is going on?"

Smiling even more, she said "of course I know what is going on. It is all going according to plan. Everything that is happening is happening for a reason. You see, the nano-machines that were injected into you did work as promised, allowing for a very detailed scan, it is just that is not all they are doing. They are restructuring your body at the molecular level and even your very DNA. I DO need a personal assistant, but not in the normal sense. I need a companion, someone to live with me and tend to all of my personal needs, and you fit the bill."

"You see, I am very particular in the type of companion I need, especially in the physical department. The problem is that it is hard to find someone of that physical description who is willing to basically be a sexual servant. So the researchers and me figured out how to manipulate a person's body and even DNA to create the companion I want. The problem isn't changing someone, the problem is keeping the person from informing the authorities, and changing someone the authorities will not be looking for. You fit that bill because you have no criminal record and no family or close friends, so no one will be looking for you. You agreed to this, all of this was written in the consent forms you signed. You should have read them through thoroughly, and read the fine print."

At this I started to get panicky, so she said "calm down", which for some reason immediately made me feel calm. Noticing my confused look, she said "the nano-machines are sound activated, and are keyed to my voice. You may have heard a high-pitched sound last night before you noticed any effects. That was a high speed activation message I recorded and played from a hidden speaker in your room. As soon as it was played the nano-machines started work."

"Within a few moments they started the modifications to your body. The first things they did were to wire in a need to obey me in your higher brain functions. They have also started to produce large amounts of estrogen in your body. You see, I am a lesbian, and I plan on making you into one as well."

"You will have no choice in the matter, and no one in this company will help you. You may have noticed that all the employees are women, and that is no coincidence. I have carefully hired all women, and even more, all the women who work for this company are lesbians too. They all know about what I am doing to you, and none of them will care if you don't want to be made into a lesbian, so you had better not entertain any hopes of getting help."

"Just to make sure nothing goes wrong, I will tell you something. You may not try to escape in any way."

Like a firestorm her words burned through my mind, slamming home, and any thoughts of trying to escape were wiped away.

Noticing the unhappy look on my face, she said, "be happy, you will enjoy this transformation." Immediately, my outlook on my transformation changed, I now looked forward to it, even wanted it. Seeing this, she smiled, and said "any time I tone my voice that way is when my commands will be undeniable. It cannot be avoided. Later, when the transformation is complete, I will have the nano-machines change it so the commands will not be absolute. I want you to eventually obey me because you want to, not because I make you."

"That will come later, but it will come. Now, the nano-machines are just starting, and the only thing you have noticed are the commands, the hair, the nipples, and the weight loss, but you will notice more very soon. That is why I told you to eat well before you went to bed, as the nano-machines need raw material to work with. They can't just use your body, as some mass will be lost. You will notice more changes soon, but the whole will not become apparent for a while. Not many of the changes will be seen by you, as most of them are to happen while you sleep."

"For now I want you to go to the cafeteria, and eat a very large meal, making sure to eat lots of carbs. When you are done, report to your room and go to sleep until tomorrow morning."

I stood up, left her office, and went to the cafeteria, ate a large, carb-heavy meal, and went up to my room. When I neared the bed, I started feeling tingly all over again, and slipped into my bed and promptly fell asleep.

When I woke up, I didn't feel any different, so I went into the bathroom to check if I could see any changes. When I got undressed and looked into the mirror, I noticed that there were changes that I could see after all. My face was already looking more feminine, quite different than I was at first. There was also more weight loss in the waist area, and my ass had gotten a bit bigger and softer, and my hips had gotten wider. My legs were a little narrower, but were sleeker looking. My whole bone structure was more feminine than before, just not in such a way as couldn't be natural. And then there were my breasts, which of course didn't exist before. They were still very small, sized about how a girl gets not far into puberty. They weren't to the point that I would even need a training bra, but they were there. My hair was somewhat longer, down to my shoulders, and silkier looking and feeling. My cock wasn't any smaller that I could see, but I had no doubt it would get smaller eventually. My balls on the other hand, and my sack, they were definitely smaller. I think my balls were almost gone, and my sack was less than half its original size. It was hard to say, but I think there was a hint of a mound forming behind my cock. It wasn't that easy to tell, but I was pretty sure I was a couple inches shorter than my normal height of five foot ten inches, I think I was now close to five foot eight. I had no hint of a pussy, but I knew it would come. If in my right mind I would have been worried about the changes, but because of Jessica's command, I was happy, and couldn't wait. I then proceeded to take a shower and got dressed.

When I got to her office, she looked very happy about the changes, and said, "you are looking very well Jo, I like it. By the way, from now on, you will write your name as J-o, instead of J-o-e. You will think of yourself as J-o, and will think of your self as a woman stuck in a man's body."

"Okay Jessica, I will do so. Now that I think of myself as Jo, I would like to know when I will get my pussy and get rid of this cock."

Laughing, she said,, "now we get to something I wanted to tell you. I decided that sense we lesbians so like to use strap-ons and dildos, I would leave you with your cock, but not your balls. Your pussy will come in near the end of the transformation. You will not see it but it will be building under the skin, and when it is ready it will "bloom", so to speak. Your pussy will be completely functional, but you will not have any periods, ever. You will have ovaries, but they will just produce hormones, not eggs. You will not have a womb, but instead will have a specialized organ that will produce semen, but not sperm, so you will be able to ejaculate still. Oh, and your urethra will still be inside your cock, so you will never have to use pads or any of that sort of thing. When it is almost ready, I will have nano-machines build me a cock to match your set of organs. You will be happy that your cock will not disappear. Since you will be becoming a woman, you will need women's things. When you get to your room, you will notice that all your stuff will have been taken away, and women's clothing and toiletries will have replaced them. You will sleep in women's clothing, and tomorrow you will dress in women's clothing. You will repeat yesterday's activities. Eat more, sleep more, just like yesterday."

Repeating my meal, I went to my room, and undressed and took a shower. When I dried off, I looked in my drawers, and sure enough, there were women's clothes. I proceeded to put on a baby-blue baby-doll nightie, and hit my bed again, feeling sleepy as soon as I was in my bedding again, and falling asleep.

The next day, I woke up, but I finally felt a little different. When I undressed again and looked in the mirror I definitely noticed changes. My face was even more feminine, enough so that I looked like a slightly mannish woman, instead of a slightly feminine man like I did yesterday. My body was even more feminine looking, and my breasts were much more noticeable. They were big enough that I would put on a bra today, maybe sized like a baseball instead of just nipples with a little puffiness around them. My legs were sleeker still, my ass had filled out a little more, and my hips had grown more still. Also, my waist was smaller still than it had been, slim enough to start looking sexy. My cock was still the same size, as she said it would be, but my sack and balls were gone completely, and I was sure now mound forming behind my cock. If I was right then my pussy was forming nicely. My hair was longer still than it was yesterday, down to the middle of my upper back. I had gotten a little shorter too, now I was down to five foot six inches.

When I had finished with my shower and dried off, I headed to my closet to get dressed. I put on a black lace pair of panties with matching bra, with a pair black stockings and a black lace garter belt. Over that I put on a dark blue silk blouse, and a black silk skirt. On my feet I put on a pair of black high heels. After I combed my hair out, I headed to Jessica's office.

When she saw me, she looked very pleased with herself, and came around the desk to give me a hug. She then said "it is time you started acting as the "assistant" I hired you for.  You will get horny for me, and want to pleasure me extensively, and enjoy yourself while doing so."

Now I suppose you are wondering what she looked like, and now seems a good time to tell you. She is tall, standing five foot seven inches, with very long, lean, sexy looking legs. She has wide hips, a narrow waist, and large breasts, in the D or DD range I'd say. She had a very beautiful face, much like a models, with lush lips and deep green eyes. She has shoulder length dark brown hair. I had already been attracted to her when I first met her, but at her command I was positively "in lust with her".
