 Kendra ducked under the overturned dumpster and quickly turned around so she could see the entrance to the alley. The stranger ran full tilt into the rubbish cluttered alley on soundless feet. His form suddenly sank to the ground in weariness, and Kendra silently cursed. The man's eyes were a piercing blue, and they saw everything. They moved to the dumpster, and his crouch straightened. 

"You might as well come out, Kendra." She closed her eyes for a minute, squeezing them shut and willing herself to wake up. When she didn't, she slowly made her way out from behind the dumpster. She gathered her jacket around her, feeling suddenly scared. The stranger was dressing in black tactical clothing that still smoked from where Kendra had erected a wall of fire in front of him. 

The stranger had walked straight through it. She looked at his face, but he wore a black hood and a cloth mask that covered his mouth up to his eyes and the bridge of his nose. The skin around his eyes was blackened from the smoke of the fire, but it seemed that he had another mask on under that one, a steel mask. 

His voice was deep and calm, and for a ludicrous moment, Kendra wondered if he were handsome under the mask. She began to glow as the fire inside of her began to grow, begging for a release at the threat. "I don't know who you are, but you don't know what you're getting into." The stranger shook his head. 

"Of course I do. Kendra Maclintoch. Pseudonym Kendy. Possessed of Pyrokinetic abilities surpassing any and all previous documented cases. It's why I'm here." Kendra felt the fire spread behind her, and the stranger tilted his head. 

"I'm not going back to be a killer or a lab rat to them. I just want to be left alone." 

The stranger snorted and looked around. "Naturally, then, you came to Phoenix, for a new start, a rebirth from the ashes. Strange then that you will never become ash, isn't it Kendra? It won't work, on any level." Kendra screwed up her face as a sudden intense terror washed over her and she pushed her hand out, focusing an orbital re-entry level burst of fire at the man. He stood there as the fire enveloped the upper half of his body. 

When the burn died, the man's shirt was nothing but a memory. Kendra stared at his body. His skin shone like polished silver, as though he were made of steel. Kendra gave a sob as the man strode forwards, shivering. She cringed as he gave her a quick back hand, and the blackness closed in.

***

When she awoke, she was blindfolded and tied somewhere. She tried tilted her head to the side to see out of the corner of her eye, but it was no use. After a minute, she called out. No one answered. She called out again, and was met by more silence. She began to concentrate, willing the fire to form around her hands and face. As soon as a moderate heat had built up, there was a massive electric shock on her hands, and into her temples. 

Kendra cried out in shock and pain, and the heat faded away. As soon as the heat died away, so did the pain. There was the sound of footsteps, then a creak, as though someone were sitting on a wooden chair, or desk. She regained her breath, and stayed stock still. 

"It won't respond to speech, as you know, but the second you try to light your fires, you get zapped. For what it's worth, I'm sorry." Kendra's jaw clenched as she fumed, and took a deep breath, trying to centre herself. Across the room, the chair creaked again. The footsteps got closer, and stopped just in front of her. 

Kendra got the sense that the man was hesitating, and tilted her head to the side, trying to hear. All she could hear was his steady breath. A hand touched her blindfold. "There's no law that says we can't talk to each other, Kendra. I've been sent to bring you back. Not to kill you. I don't even know you."

She felt an ice cold touch, and her blindfold fell to her chest. The stranger stood in front of her, looking slightly ridiculous in a red and blue flannel shirt and jeans. He would have looked like any other red neck farm hand, if not for the metallic cast of his skin. 

She could see now that it wasn't smoothly silver, but was a kind of rough steel edge to it. She realized she was staring when he reached up to touch his skin self-consciously. He turned away from her steady gaze, and Kendra let out a low breath. "So what are you?" The man turned back to the desk on the other side of the sparse room. 

"Mythril." Kendra blinked as he sat down. "My name is Mythril. I'm the opposite side to your coin, Kendra. They call us Generation 6.1. The children of Generation 6 patients. Once the psycho-enhancement drugs they seeped into our parents had settled into their DNA, the creation of a child allowed for a greater alignment of uh...well. It allowed for a far more effective generic enhancement, with a combination of advanced mental development, healing, and branching development. So in other words, while our parents where fucked up by it, we're made into super-soldiers by it." 

Kendra shook her head. "Don't you see they're just using you?"

Mythril gave a low laugh. "Of course. But it's all I've ever known. And of course, I need them far more than they need me." Kendra didn't speak, she just stared. Mythril looked out the small window to the bustling populace outside. Despite the early hour, there were many people out, running to work, running from work, heading out for any reason whatsoever. "I hate this skin." He looked down at his hands, and rubbed his fingertips together. "It's not the cold. The cold is what I am. I'm the Ying to your Yang, Kendra. The opposite side of your coin."

Kendra frowned, and Mythril smirked. "Don't worry, it took a while for me to get around it to. You developed pyrokenisis, they don't even have a name for mine. Its cold, Kendra; ice. You're always hot, I'm always cold. One of the techs said I had mind-ice. That's what he called it. You light fires with your mind, I freeze things." A sudden gleam flickered in his glacial eyes.

"Only I don't have that lovely self-control that you do. I can't turn it off. It constantly bleeds out from my body, freezing everything I come in contact with. At least it was like that. It was like giving birth." His blue eyes were alight as he spoke, and Kendra wondered if she looked like that when she spoke of her own powers. She cringed in on herself as she realized that she never spoke about her powers. 

"I'm in the middle of creating a wonderland of ice sculptures in my room one day, when they flood my room with gas." The light in his eyes died suddenly. "When I woke up, I was...skinned in this. I could touch, and feel. But I look like a fucking Saab. To this day I don't know what's worse." He shook his head, and lurched out of the chair, and knelt in front of her. Kendra didn't say a word, merely watched. 

"And I'd been thanked, by the corporation. I was an independent spirit, a brawler and a fighter. Darn good with the knife, actually. So what do you do with someone who is immune to mind altering drugs, and loves a good fight, and can take any amount of punishment you can give him? You give him an addiction, in thanks for being a medical miracle break through." 

Kendra lowered her eyes and sighed. Mythril tapped his forearm through the flannel of his shirt. "Adrenaline-enhanced trioxyfluoride. Nothing but pure energy, and addictive as hell. They manufacture it. And if I don't stay, they cut it off, and it's not something I can just kick. This stuff makes heroin look like barley sugar." 

"But it maintains the silver skin, and lets me walk the streets." His gaze dropped to his chest, where a black chin cloth sat. Elastic cotton that would cover his mouth and chin, yet allow him to breath. Like a biker's mouth guard. "Well, let's me walk the streets at night, anyway."

Kendra's eyes narrowed for a moment. "So you've never touched another person?" Mythril tilted his head to the side and studied her. "Never?" He reached out and held out his hand to her. 

"As little as possible. I don't know how good the iceaic radiation containment is." Kendra slowly lifted her hand to his, and Mythril began to tremble. 

"I've never been this close to a woman before..." he whispered. Kendra blinked. 

"Not even when you're out here, on your own?" Mythril stared at her hand, and swallowed at a lump in his throat, then drew his hand back. His gaze dropped, and he stood up.

"I shouldn't be talking to you!" he scolded himself, storming to the other side of the room. "Your escort will be here in four hours. You might as well get some sleep." Kendra dropped her head onto her knees. 

"I can't go to sleep. When I sleep I dream. Nightmares have a way of become heated with me. And I don't really care for a ten thousand volt wake up buzz." 

Mythril crossed his arms in front of himself and scoffed as he hugged himself. "Ten thousand would make your muscles snap like string. It's only a shock measure." 

Kendra slumped back against the wall. She looked around the room, but there was nothing there, only a bed, which was made of some kind of metal that Kendra didn't know, and the wooden metal desk, made of the same type of metal. She sighed out a long breath. "So how did you find me at the nightclub?" Mythril frowned and didn't answer. Kendra chuckled as she twisted the manacles slowly, testing their strength. 

"Come on, big guy. Four hours of sitting here on my ass, and you expect me to play ball and shut up? You can at least talk to me." Mythril didn't move away from the desk. 

"All you'll do for the next four hours is try to figure out a way get free, and when you figure out that you can't do it without me, you'll try to manipulate me into unshackling you. I'm a thug, not an idiot."

Kendra shrugged her shoulders. "Doesn't mean we can't be friends. So let me guess. Indian, right? Native American?" Mythril fixed her with a glare. 

"Not even close. Has my accent truly faded that much?" Kendra gave a small smile. 

"Truly? With toffy shit like that, I'm guessing England." Mythril shook his head. 

"A Pom wouldn't wear a flannel shirt if his life depended on it. That's for a real convict." Kendra frowned. 

"Convict?" Mythril chuckled. "Australia. I grew up there." Mythril nestled into the thick padding of the chair. "Get some sleep, Kendra."

***

Mythril rolled over and punched the pillow. He looked at the clock and past the desk to the window, where the sun was rising. Two hours to go, and he'd be back at the Centre, and back where he was safe. Visions of Kendra's tear streaked face flashed in front of his eyes, and Mythril snarled. He looked over in the corner, and saw her slumped against the wall, sleeping from sheer exhaustion if nothing else. 

She gave a low moan, and her head tossed from side to side. Her body writhed in a way that Mythril had never seen before, and he wetted his suddenly dry lips. Mythril hopped off of the bed and Kendra began to moan louder. Thankfully, they were in an abandoned building, but if she wasn't in a deep sleep, she might be dreaming. 

***

Mythril dragged his tongue up the inside of Kendra's thigh with agonizing slowness. The icy touch sent shivers of excruciating pleasure radiating from her centre. Kendra squeezed her rock hard nipples and writhed on the bed as his tongue slid inside her like some kind of muscular, thick, worm. 

The tip of it grazed her clit, and its sheer coldness sent a shockwave through her body. Kendra felt the heat raging around them, but Mythril's ice cooled her fire, just as her heat broke his cold. 

Her hands grabbed hold of her knees, and spread them wide as he continued to worship her. Kendra felt the beginnings of an orgasm as Mythril continued to worship and suckle at her heat, and her legs were suddenly sliding up his body as he stood up and slid inside of her. 

The icy cock burned, the first burn she'd ever felt, and inside of her, she felt the electric charge building as she screamed in pleasure. Her orgasm began, but suddenly there was a blinding light, and she was awake.

Mythril shook her shoulders as she struggled to wakefulness, and Kendra eyed him with an intense hunger. Her hands reached for him, and suddenly her tongue was burning against his own. Mythril fell back, and Kendra followed him. 

She moaned in need as the fire raced through her, inside and out. The buttons on Mythril's shirt fell to the floor, quickly followed by the shirt itself as her teeth raked his skin. 

Mythril's body was responding, even as his hands pushed against her, trying to force her back. Kendra slashed his feet out from under him with a scythed leg, and grabbed his hands, holding them to her chest with bruising force. Her mouth opened, and her body began to glow. She sealed their lips together with a passionate kiss, and Mythril found himself kissing her back. 

She was releasing her energy, he could feel it, and his body again responded in kind. The room wavered between hot and cold, swirling pressures battling against each other as both dropped their restraints. The manacles encircling Kendra's wrists beeped, and she arced backwards in pain. 

Mythril hesitated for only a brief second, then grabbed hold of the restraints, freezing them solid in a mere instant. Kendra smashed them together over their heads, and suddenly brittle metal exploded. 

Mythril tried to stand, but Kendra ground her hips against his groin, and his cock hardened under his jeans. She ripped open his fly and gasped when his meat sprang up to greet her. His cock was a grainy silver, and he was quite big. Kendra stared at it in rapt fascination as she tore open her own shirt. 

She nestled him between her breasts, and Mythril moaned as his cock slid up between the silken heat. They began to burn each other, his icy touch sending shivers up her spine, while her radiant heat buffeted against him like a hurricane. 

Kendra pushed her pants away from her hips with one urgent hand as she gripped his shaft with her other. Her panting filled the room when she couldn't fully encompass his girth with her hand. Mythril looked suddenly shy, and Kendra kissed him again. 

His eyes were riveted on the vivid dark purple of her underwear. Her bra encased her lush breasts, the creaming white of her flesh against the darkness of the purple. 

His shaking fingers found the thin straps of her g-string, and he slid it down her legs. They began to slow down once they were naked. Somehow, they ended up on the bed, and Kendra's breath caught in her throat as Mythril kissed her passionately, not controlling or pushy, but with a kind of wonder. There was tenderness in him, a child-like reverence as he not merely kissed her, but tasted her, savouring the flavour of their passion itself.

Something twisted deep inside of Kendra, and she hesitantly ran her fingertips down across his face. His skin was smooth, a little smoother than most. There was a slightly grainier quality to his jaw line and chin, where his stubble was pushing through the skin. 

Their eyes met, and his bright blue orbs were filled with wonder. Kendra felt the twist inside her release, and she bent down and kissed him again, tenderly. 

Their tongues slid against each other, sharing and exploring. Mythril's hand gripped the back of her head, and ran through her hair. Kendra's eyes opened wide as she felt the huge head of his cock nudge her belly. Mythril blushed, and Kendra traced her fingertips down the side of his face until the reached his hammering pulse, racing through his neck. 

His nervousness twisted again inside her, and she dragged her leg over his hips, nestling his cock against her ass. Kendra reared up on her knees, and looked back over her shoulder, at the glistening silver cock beneath her. 

Her fingertips ran down the head, and Mythril moaned beneath her. His hips lifted off the bed, and he thrust up into her hand. A powerful light lit her eyes as she continued to tease him.

With just the tips of her fingernails, she scraped down the straining shaft and guided him towards her opening. Mythril's massive cock pushed against her, and Kendra bit her lips as his ice cold shaft began to burn her hand. In the throes of their lust, neither cared. 

Her lips began to spread slowly, as she eased herself down onto him. Mythril gave a tiny thrust of his hips, and Kendra let out a cry as his head slipped inside of her. 

They both hissed out breaths between clenched teeth as their clashing temperatures warred against each other in a primordial dance. Both heat and cold intensified around the couple, and Kendra's eyes went truly wide as Mythril slid himself further and further up inside of her. 

Kendra winced as she stretched to accommodate his size. Mythril began to pull her down to lay atop him, needing to feel her body moulded against his. 

His teeth grazed her chin and jaw line as he began to nibble and suckle at her flesh. White hot sparks of desire flashed through Kendra, and she moaned loudly as he traced along to the hollow of her throat with his tongue and teeth. His lips bent into a smile against the silkiness of her skin, and suddenly her nipples were assaulted with cold, and Kendra felt an ocean of pleasure thunder through her. 

Her lips curved in a smile of purest pleasure, broken only by the occasional gasp. She began to writhe on his cock, squeezing and rubbing with equal insanity. Her head tilted to the side as she slid up and down his body with quietly pleased moans, which Mythril found infinitely arousing. 

He moved his hips in a circle, and Kendra gasped, her eyes breaking wide once again. He grinned up at her then gritted his teeth as she clamped down onto his thrusting meat. 

Kendra's eyes rolled back into her head as she lost herself to the simple thrusting and movement, glorying in the simple pleasure of release. The fire burst inside her, showering her senses with its heat, and Kendra felt an orgasm beginning to flow. Beneath her, Mythril was also losing concentration, and the silver sheen of his skin gave way to a deeply tanned flesh. 

He began to grunt in time to his thrusts, and Kendra screamed as her orgasm rocked through her. Her hands raked across the breadth of his chest, and Mythril realized she'd scored his skin. With a start, he also realized his flesh was pulsing, and alive, not the dead cold of steel. 

Kendra undulated on top of him, writhing fiercely as he thrust up into her depths. His massive cock began to throb even harder, and Kendra arched her hips up to meet his thrusts. Mythril was gasping as he slid his cock deeper and deeper into Kendra, and they could both feel the ice beginning to form around them. With one final thrust, Mythril lost control, and climaxed. 

His icy semen scorched Kendra's insides, so cold was it. Kendra slumped onto his chest, and felt the heat begin to ebb out of her. Their breathing slowed, and Mythril reached for the discarded blanket. He chuckled ruefully at the blanket, some parts scorched, others frozen stiff. He threw it back to the floor and rolled over to Kendra's smiling face. 

Her eyes were closed, and Mythril kissed her shoulder softly. One of her eyebrows shot up. "For a man of ice who hasn't done this before, you seem to know what you're doing." Mythril blushed and ran two fingers along the perfection of her shoulder. 

"We have to get out of here." Kendra opened her eyes and stared at him. Then realization crashed in, and her hand rested against his cool chest. There wasn't an icy sheen to it anymore, but the silver skin was still quite cold. 

"Where are we going?" Mythril shrugged. 

"Who's going to stop us no matter where we go?" Kendra nodded and laid her head back on the pillow as she stared at Mythril. So much a man, yet so much a baby in the world. Where it would lead them was anyone's guess, she realized. Kendra reached for her shirt.