  (A.N) This story is apart of the series Touched by Divinity. It is not short. It has a plot. Please remember that this story was written purely for pleasure and is in no way meant to insult Anyone. Thank you so much for reading. Hope you enjoy. 

23 August 2063 AD

Fire swallowed the east, flames released by a vengeful god. The mortals screamed, cryed, and fled. And Vulcan allowed his inferno to follow, until cities turned to ash and lands turned to dust. Until every single soul had been devoured. 

"Enlighten me again why I am doing this brother," he said to the WarGod beside him, though not relieving himself of the sight of those whom were once his loyal followers, to burn as if in the red realms of Hades Underworld. 

"Nothing less for the heretics." Was all Ares said, and Vulcan felt his silent retreat back to Olympus.

But they believed in me, he thought sometime later. Dejectedly he approached the once great pillars of Rome and looked onto this new city of embers. Dejectedly Vulcan pursued the faint cry moving with the wind. He pursued it to the remnants of a home. Beneath the rubble of concrete and glass he found the crier, only but an infant, unharmed in the arms of what Vulcan presumed to be his mother.

He picked the babe up by the waist and held it at arms length for inspection. "How did you survive little one?" he asked not expecting an answer. The wailing, however, ceased when the youngling heard the fire-god's voice and he studied Vulcan with eyes so green they should've belonged to a panther cub. 

He knew what he should do. 

What he expected to do.

Vulcan brought the youngling to his chest and raised a hand above him, "I'm sorry," he said, his voice small. A flick of his wrist, a breath of fire shooting out...and the babe was being torn from his grasp. It took Vulcan more seconds than he was comfortable with to find who had the courage to intervene.

His eyes landed on the goddess wearing a silken robe as white as her hair, and sandals that reminded him of an era forgotten to history. "Luna?"

Of course, who else had eyes that mirrored the night-sky she protected.

Luna did not raise her eyes to Vulcan, only pulled the curious babe to her chest to whisper soundlessly in his ear. "Why?"

Vulcan closed the distance between them--or at least attempted to. A fraction of an instant and Luna was hoverving several meters above him, a glow against midnight. He frowned, "You are aware of what must to be done. Ares commands it."

Death for every last one of them, and Vulcan held no desires to stand against the New King-God of Olympus.

"He is but a babe." Luna said not bothering to hide her disgust. "What is his crimes?" She left no room for answer, and added, "I will not allow you to sacrifice him on the pretense of a heinous belief."

And with that, the moon-goddess ascended, much quicker than lightning, until she was a tiny speckle amongst other dots of white. He should have stopped her. He could have. 

He cursed low and left the city without a backwards glance, returning to a home he'd not seen in months. His home built on the peak of the highest mountain of the realm. When he arrived, he was greeted by a servant. 

"My Lord Light." The woman-servant bowed, her cropped hair falling forward as she did. The servant's name was Illithia and she stayed by Vulcan's side until they were both in his private chambers. "Shall I ready the bath, my Lord Light?"

Vulcan nodded in answer and began shedding his weapons and armor. He placed the items within glass boxes hidden behind a wall of blue flames. The items are most valuable to him, almost as valuable as his pet phoenix. It was during the moment that Vulcan pulled his shirt over his head and threw it somewhere to the side that she stepped out from within the shadows.

"Luna, what the fuck?"

"You used to be more compassionate."

Yeah, when you were the moon of my life, he thought, remembering the many times she'd spent with him beneath the sheets. But that was before... "Where's the boy?" 

He needs to die. The words were in his head.

"If you want him you must kill me first." Luna said, stepping toward him, no hesitation. "Are you going to kill me Vulcan?"

Damn it! She was so close to him now, within his arms reach. If he'd not wanted her so badly he might have pushed her away... He might have killed her. Through strength Vulcan didn't know he possessed, he pushed passed her to the other side of the large bed, as far way from her as he could get without losing the touch of her enticing aura.

Damn her. 

"You look—"

Luna stopped mid sentence and glanced over her shoulder to look the woman-servant up and down. The servant bowed reluctantly, opening her mouth to speak but Vulcan silenced her with his eyes. "Leave us, Naeha."

"My Lord Light," Another bow but this one was to her god she worshiped and adored and obeyed without another word.

Vulcan's attention immediately returned to the goddess. "What do you want Luna?" He asked, moving toward the other room that he was to bathe in. He removed his pants, uncaring of his nakedness—after all she'd seen his cock a thousand times before this—and when she answered him, Vulcan was already waist-deep in water.

"I miss you."

Barely a whisper but he'd heard. He frowned, her reddening cheeks not going amiss. "You left me," he said with ease that surprised the both of them. He glided a hand over to wash the other, and up, and Luna slowly stepped toward him.

Her timidness reminded him of when they'd first met beneath the stars all those centuries ago, and when she reached the edge of the top, positioned herself so she could dip her fingers in, Vulcan said, "Don't start something you cannot finish."

Because she'd left him before. This time he'll not survive un-wrathful, of that he was absolutely certain.

"I was so young then," she said, at last. A pregnant pause and then she was looking at him with eyes gone wholly black, no stars within. "I need your help."

Vulcan stopped lathering himself and met her gaze head on. "I never thought I'd hear those words fall from your mouth." Least of all to me. "This is about the boy?" He asked, knowingly. "Yes, Ares will not be impressed."

"And I will stand against him. But not alone." Then her eyes dropped to the water-line at his waist, her pink tongue slicking out to lick at the seam of her lips. "I need your help, and I will do anything to get it."

"Will you now?" His cock jumped at the invitation. Mmm, to feel her mouth again... He'd decided long ago that nothing would stop him from receiving the wonderful pleasures she had to offer. Nothing. "Strip for me."

Luna, although looking at him with something close to disappointment and excitement, began unclasping her robe as he'd commanded. It dropped to the floor—sensually slow—and she stepped out, displaying her body to his eyes.

You're beautiful. He'd said that to her once. And then she'd left. "How wet are you?" He asked, sipping from a glass that'd come out of slim air and settled onto a form at the floor of the pool. "Dip your finger into your pussy and tell me how wet you are."

He'd not spoken to her like that before and the frown that marred her forehead confirmed it. "When did you become so dominant?"

He released a husky laugh, "I was always dominant, Luna. Somehow you'd managed to suppress that side of me." Not anymore. "Now do as I say."

Luna could not blame Vulcan for his coldness towards her but neither was she going to let him believe he was in control of this situation. It was her who'd initiated it after all. With her index finger out, she sucked it into her mouth then moved her hand over her womanhood. She spread her puffy lips and circled a finger around her clit, spreading the soaking heat of herself in a figure eight.

Biting her lip to keep from moaning, Luna narrowed her eyes at him, unsure whether to be afraid or allured by the small flickers of flames in his ruby eyes. His hair is much shorter than she remembered; probably only long enough to slick her fingers through. She didn't mind the new look because the golds of his hair matched the markings of a phoenix wrapped about his neck. Beneath the waterline, she could see the blur of his cock, fully erect, throbbing with the need to be touched.

Luna's mouth watered. She'd tasted his cock in her mouth many times—yet she knew this night would be different. This night Vulcan won't allow her to take her time with him, to lick her tongue over his big head and tasting the small slit at the top. This night he won't allow her to tease him with her tongue on two his low-hanging sacks of meat so close to the hole he liked to have penetrated. Only once had he allowed her to stick her fingers into him; a near millennia ago, but Luna remembered the look on his face, the sounds he made, and eventually, the inferno that blazed in his eyes when he came. He'd enjoyed it as much as she did. And Luna had found her own release just watching him.

"Tell me how wet you are." Vulcan commanded; another swing of his wine. "Tell me how much you want your pussy want to be licked."

Oooohhh yes. Luna swallowed the thick lump in her throat. "I..." She tried to find the right words. She failed. 

"Well?"

This time Luna did moan and when he moved toward her, when he lifted her by the hips, seated her on the edge of the bath—she did not make any attempt to stop him. He pushed her hand away and replaced it with his. They were much rougher than hers, of course, a thousand times hotter. But did nothing to send her over the edge. 

They rested just above her clit, touching her with slight, fleeting flicks. He was teasing her, she realized. She tried to touch him. Vulcan threw a look that warned her against it. The next thing she knew, Vulcan had her by the hair, roughly, intimate, and the head of his cock was only a breath away from her mouth.

"You know what to do."

Yes she did and Luna tried to stop herself from licking her lips in anticipation. 

"Suck me!"

Luna obeyed, not because he commanded but because she wanted to. Taking a hold of his long shaft, she pumped him a few times before she lowered her mouth to his head. There she licked in circular motions, hearing Vulcan encourage her with a long groan. She felt the hand in her hair force her head forward and she swallowed his cock until she felt it hit the back of her throat. She opened herself to him and his cock plunged impossibly deeper.

She didn't choke, still so acustomed to his size and length after all these years. She moved her hand from his shaft to the balls of meat. She rolled them in her hands, hummed over his cock, and pulled back—only to be rammed back down again.

And Luna was enjoying this too much to care. She allowed Vulcan's cock to thrust in and out of her mouth with force that bordered abusive. She didn't care.

"Ooohh Fuck." He groaned when the fingers on his balls plunged knuckle deep in his ass hole. His movements increasing to match hers, and Luna smiled around his cock, making certain to use her tongue on every backward thrust.

She found his pleasure spot with her fingers and rubbed over it, inciting another groan--this one much louder. She stopped eating his cock just enough to say, "Do you like that?"

Vulcan pulled his cock from her mouth, frowned at her, the fire in his eyes like fierce lightning. In an instant he had twisted Luna away from him, bent her over the edge of the bath and slammed his cock into her pussy. She was wet enough that he slid in with ease, yet tight enough that he felt as though he was touching the heavens above olympus. 

His hands gripped at her hips hard enough to leave marks and Vulcan cared none. He pounded into her hot heat and muffled her screams with a hand to her plump ass. Slap! Slap! Slap!

"Iiinngghhhh," Luna moaned, yelped, screamed. "Y-ye-yesss. Right there. Right there!"

Vulcan bent his body over hers, closed his mouth over her neck. Every thrust of his hips echoed the sounds of their copulation and Vulcan wondered if the whole of olympus could hear. He grinned. Let them hear how much the moon-goddess desires my cock; let them hear how much she begs for me.

"Yes, yes, Vulcan!"

Slap.

"Scream my name, Luna. Scream it!" 

Slap.

Slap.

Her pussy walls pulsed around his cock, coaxing him ever deeper and Luna did as he said and screamed his name as if it were the only word she knew. And it was what pushed Vulcan over the edge, what allowed him to cross into pure bliss.

He released his seed into her in long, fruitful spurts. Moving still to make his own pleasure last even longer. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity; Vulcan's cock softened and slipped out of her. He gave her neck one last bite, drawing blood that he tasted on his tongue, Vulacan pushed away from her and settled back into the form beneath the water.

He watched her with hazy eyes. The goddess he once loved. Still loved. But not enough to defy their new King-God Ares. She turned to face him in all her naked glory but before she could ask the question, Vulcan said, "I'm sorry, Luna. Find some other god to pull around by the balls."

He swore he saw a single tear fall from her night-sky eyes but before he could add anything more, Luna was gone—and he couldn't help but wonder how this night might've turned out had she not left him a broken god a millennia ago.

------

I may continue this, maybe? What do you guys think? 