 Fire and Ice

Marrack's Choice. Part 1 of 2.

The pentagram was much larger than normal. Jakkurlnalazz sniffed cautiously, looking around at its surroundings. There was blood here, and evil. The demon smiled, razor sharp teeth oozing slime lining its small mouth. Just like home. 

Jakkurlnalazz wasn't a large demon, as the creatures went. It was barely above a foot high, unless augmented by his master's power. It was more of a courier, a messenger or scout depending on his master's needs. 

The night sky was densely overcast, with no stars in sight. The creature's eyes needed no light, though, seeing the world in the pure heat from which it was born. 

The surrounding area was familiar to Jakkurlnalazz, the demon had killed here. Its last master had unleashed it like a Hell wind, had amplified the demon's size and power with his own. 

It had been a glorious slaughter of people and sin. Something else familiar was in this area, too. Its summoner. 

Jakkurlnalazz turned as it caught the breathless chanting to its rear. Its summoner was a woman, Jakkurlnalazz realised with surprise. 

A woman who had already felt the demon's touch. She wore a black silk robe, so thin as to hide nothing. Her nipples were dark, and red, and one of them held Jakkurlnalazz's own touch. 

Its tongue flicked the air, and tasted nothing but sex, pure lust. The demon liked the taste. The chant finished, and the woman rose from her crouch. Her eyes drained of colour as she stepped into the circle. 

Jakkurlnalazz narrowed his eyes and stepped forwards. The woman smiled and cast off her robe. "Jakkurlnalazz, dark lord, I bid you welcome again, to this site of chaos and death." 

The demon reared back in surprise as it heard it's own tongue spoken to it from a human. It had only heard that once, from its former master. "Priestess?" 

The woman bowed low, and the demon cocked its head to the side, feeling something small and insignificant trying to push into its darkness. 

"A lowly worshipper, who wishes only to please her lord with the favours of her flesh." Jakkurlnalazz cocked its head to the side again, its small maw working in what might have been amusement. 

"Favours of your flesh? You wish to gain power by sharing yourself with me?" The woman bowed low. 

"I wish you to make me a vessel of your pleasure, and your seed, my lord, so that your darkness may rule here forever." 

The woman's almond shaped eyes lifted to the demon's bright yellow orbs, and the demon began to laugh.

"Lotus. Human who wished to share the power of my last master's loins." The demon reached out with one black claw and flicked the blackened, scarred nipple on Lotus's chest. "How's that working out for you, Doctor?" 

The woman quivered as the pain lanced through her, and she sank down to her knees, her legs spreading wide as she lowered. 

"I need what only you can give me, my lord. I have spent years looking for a way to reach you. I have found both a spell to keep you here and a spell to ensure your seed lies in my belly." 

Jakkurlnalazz scoffed, and Lotus reached up with one hand and spiked her palm on one of its jutting horns. 

She began to murmur in the tongue of the damned as she held her bloody palm to the small demon's chest. It began to grow, and finally she shrank back, exhausted. 

The demon stood tall now, at seven feet even, and its power was unmistakable. She lay back, and spread herself wide. "Come, dark one, let me taste your pleasure."

Jakkurlnalazz looked down at the slut beneath him and couldn't quite believe it. It looked around, but saw only the two of them. There was no more vulnerability in a demon inside the pentagram. 

It could kill her right now, and simply wait for the morning to banish him back to Hell. 

Lotus sat up and began to rub her hands along the inside of his thighs, feeling the burnt, horned skin. 

There was a dark red mark, almost like the back of a cockroach's shell, where his cock should have been. 

She began to move her fingertips along its edge, and felt the shield move up and split apart. Like a snake from it's burrow, the demon's cock slid forward. 

There were no eyes, but the demon's cock had teeth and moved like it was alive. 

It swayed side by side, and she began to move her hands around it. Jakkurlnalazz's cock moved into her touch like a dog being petted, and the small mouth opened wide. 

Jakkurlnalazz stared at Lotus in almost pity, but she was too far gone in her lust to even care. 

She slapped the demon's cock lightly, getting its attention. She pulled it down towards her, her eyes finally moving up to lock onto the demons. Jakkurlnalazz began to grin as it felt its cock find her sweetness. 

Lotus's eyes opened wide, and the demon pulled back, then moved forwards. It grabbed her still bleeding hand and moved it over its cock, making sure to coat itself fully. 

It threw her hand away when it was done, watching as it listlessly dropped to the ground. It moved inside of her cheeks and pressed against her asshole. 

One clawed hand pressed down against her pussy, keeping pressure against her mound. Lotus lay there and moaned as the demon's cock worked its way inside of her. 

She could feel it moving back and forth, swaying side to side inside of her ass. There was something beyond sin in the feeling, and Lotus began to shriek in violent lust as the demon began to fuck her. 

Jakkurlnalazz had hold of her legs, holding them up against it's hips as it fucked its cock inside of her ass deeper and deeper. 

The demon didn't moan or grunt, just snarled wordlessly at her. Lotus could feel herself getting wetter and wetter against the demon's hand, and she began to mutter its name. 

The demon raked its hand down her mound and slid its claws inside of her. Lotus screamed in pain as the sharp claws penetrated her, the rough skin sending black lines straight up inside of her. 

The demon's thrusts didn't alter, but its cock inside of her began to thrash back and forth. Jakkurlnalazz pulled out and plunged its cock inside of her wetness with a hiss. 

Lotus screamed in pain again as the demon resumed its thrusts, its cock inside of her thrashing about like a dying fish on a spear. 

Lotus clenched her teeth together as she came in dark sin, and exploded her juices up and over the demon's thrusting hips. 

The demon didn't stop; its thrusts were harsh and unwavering. Lotus sagged back and limply waited for the dark one to finish, until she felt the cock inside of her stiffen like steel. 

There was a split second of pleasure, then a sharp, sharp pain as the demon's cock bit her. 

She could feel its venom being pumped inside of her as the demon came, and she screamed. There was fire inside of her, scalding fire, and Lotus began to shake as she felt herself burning from the inside out.

Jakkurlnalazz eased himself out of her passage and its cock drooled as it was brought back out into the world. It surged again and vomited a black pus onto her clitoris, which began to burn. 

Lotus surged up as her world exploded again, and felt the sensations racing through her clitoris. 

There wasn't anything she could do, she went to wipe it off, but felt only lust. The demon watched her as its cock slid back inside of its hole. 

She frantically rubbed at herself, trying to move its cum away from her clit, because it was making her die with the pain and pleasure. 

She stopped finally and passed out. The demon looked up at the sky, beginning to brighten. It felt the call of the Hellfire and answered it. Lotus opened one eye as the demon ashed to the wind. 

She was alone on the mountaintop. Deep inside her, the demon's seed settled into the flesh.

After an eternity, she heard the faint sound of stones crunched under a heavy boot heel. The morning sun was washing over the valley, bathing the darkness in sunlit warmth. The steps drew closer until finally they were beside her. 

Lotus looked up, her body twisted and used. The stranger was blocked out by the sun, and she shut her eyes and began to cry. The man sighed, and lowered to his knees. "You play a dangerous game, Jade." 

Lotus smiled to herself and let the huge man pick her up. She felt small bumps of pure metal under her fingers and lay limp in her saviour's arms as he made his way back down the mountain. 

The man's huge arms cradled her protectively against the sun, and the branches of the surrounding trees.

"Steel. Oh, Robert. I'm so glad you're here." Robert Dellapane didn't answer her as he made his way further down the valley face, moving slowly so as not to jolt his passenger. 

Lotus sighed against him, watching her breath fog up the small tumours of metal that had given him his nickname.

Lotus felt her strength returning as Steel carried her down the mountainside. She reached up to his shirt and began to move her hand over his skin, feeling to softness of his flesh and the hardness of his metal. 

As her strength returned, so too did her lust.

Her fingernails scraped over Steel's nipple, and he stumbled, nearly dropping her. Her arms slid around his neck, and she tightened her grip, raising herself in his arms. "Come back to my office, Robert."

Steel didn't answer her, he only sighed. After several moments, they came to a small metal doorway cut into the side of the mountain, almost at the base of the valley. 

The guards took one look at Lotus and grinned to themselves, and Lotus smiled naughtily in return. They stepped aside for Steel and one of the guards grabbed himself as he watched Lotus round the corner.

Lotus's off ice was near the centre of the complex, a smaller area designed as a backup for the ruined main area further up the mountain. Ruined by the very demon that Lotus had just spread her legs for. 

Steel sighed in frustration as he opened her doors and stepped through. The main part of her room was her bed, enourmous, with black silk sheets and deep blue pillows. 

Steel lay her gently down on it, and she tried to drag him with her. Steel sat down, but didn't move further towards her.

Lotus bit her bottom lip and giggled, her pain and trauma of the early morning a memory forgotten. 

Steel shook his head as she began to move her body against him, feeling her nipples hard on his shoulders as her hands moved over him, trying to take off his shirt.

"Why do you do this, Jade? For God's sake, it's... I mean, why?" Lotus stopped and took a breath. Her lust beat against her constantly, like the unending tide. 

But there was something else, too. They had been lovers only a dozen times or so, but Steel had been by her side for forever, for the last 13 years. 

"Because I can't stop. Because I just can't not do this. I know the hellspawn for what it is. And I know that maybe it can stop me from being this way." 

Steel turned on the bed, and put his arms around her. Lotus resisted the near strangling urges racing through her and held herself away from him for a moment.

"Then why me? You know I don't want it to be like this. I care..." Lotus swallowed and pursed her lips together. Her black eyes closed for a moment, and she took a deep breath.

"That's why you. Because fucking is an itch to be scratched. I've got that demon's venom running through my system. I can't say no. So everyone uses me to scratch their itch." 

Robert opened his mouth, but Lotus held two fingers on his lips. 

"Everyone but you. Sex, is just fucking, it's scratching an itch. You don't scratch your itch with me, Robert. You make love to me." 

"You could just use me like everyone else, and it wouldn't matter, because I can't deal without it. But you don't. I'm not a cum bucket to you, you make love to me." 

She leant in close and kissed him gently, shaking with the desire to make it something more. She wanted to smash into him and feel him inside of her and moving with her. But she laid back, and opened her arms to him. 

Steel kicked off his shoes and socks and lay on the bed with her, feeling the tips of her fingers sliding over the metal tumours of his body. 

His chest was covered in them; small, olive-sized silver nodules. They fed his body with superhuman strength, healing cells, adrenalin, and kept him hidden from the world.

Lotus held her body against him, feeling the heat between them rising again. Steel moved aside his boxers, and Lotus kept her hands against the back of his neck, pressing his tongue and lips to hers. 

His cock eased out of his boxers, and Lotus smiled to herself as he slid inside of her. 

"I love you Robert." 

Deep inside her, the demon seed sensed the human thrusting against her, and waited for his seed.

**********

The man stood like the rocks that surrounded him, unmoving and waiting. The rocks waited for many things; the new spring, a summer storm, time's passage. The man waited only for the sun. 

As the golden orb crested the hill, its light shone onto eyes of the palest green. Once, they had held no colour. Times had brought changes, just as the rocks waited for.

Marrack sighed as he turned his back on the rising sun. He closed his eyes, whispering words long forgotten in this world. Demons had whispered them into his ears in a past life. A past where he had listened closely. 

He opened his eyes and watched as the sun's first rays shimmered into bright white lines, running along the earth. They ran straight, through the air, over the ocean to the West and right back around. 

Marrack held his hands out wide, spreading them to the skies. He scented the air, tasting the salt of the sea and the freshness of the mountains around him. The air was sweet, and Marrack breathed it in with pleasure. 

His words were different this time, softer and more meaningful. His hands stretched out wide as he chanted, and he felt himself elongating and spreading out wide. 

He stretched his hands and fingers out and wrapped them around the fey lines of power. His deep voice chanted softly, and finally, he flexed his fists, snapping the lines. 

In the surge of power that followed as the lines tried to rejoin themselves, they linked with his spirit, and Marrack screamed as he felt himself flooded with power.

He stumbled to one knee, holding out as the power roared through him like a waterfall, cleansing and rushing. Suddenly, it stopped, and Marrack gasped in disbelief. 

He sagged unmercifully to the ground, and coughed. Spots appeared before his eyes, and the sorcerer blinked several times.

There was a screech of rage and a shower of sparks off to his left, but Marrack paid them no heed as he regained his breath. There was another shower of sparks as the demon smashed a claw into the energy bars surrounding it.

To banish a demon for a hundred days, hours, years, lifetimes, whatever, was simple. It simply depended on knowing the right incantations. As banishment was little more than an inconvenience to the higher demons; those spells were common enough. 

But it was to the higher demons that Marrack had now turned his attention to, and so more power was needed. Marrack gripped his staff tightly and hoisted himself up. 

As Marrack had changed, so too had his staff. The once straight and deadly staff had softened, looking more like a cast off branch that a bushwalker might use.

No common bushwalker would be able to read the runes on the stick though. The staff was vessel to enourmous power, and a focus for the raw energy flowing through Marrack like an icy bushfire. He straightened again and turned his attention to the demon caged before him.

This one was Karnakellyphus, a denizen of hell barely above the more common demon. But a Greater Demon none-the-less. The demon snarled at him and smashed its claw into the purple barrier again. 

Sparks landed on Marrack's plain hiking boots and jeans, but the sorcerer didn't move. He shook his head.

"Oh, Karn. You seem to be unable to grasp that you cannot escape from my cage." The demon snarled and swore at him in its own tongue.

"You are a dead man, sorcerer. I will learn your name, and where you lie, and those who are close to you, and I will destroy them all." 

Marrack leant in close and raised a single eyebrow, questioningly. The demon's face turned cunning and it shrugged, feigning impatience. 

"Contain me, banish me, or torture me, just get me out of this blasted sun. You spell keeps me on this plane, but it's an annoyance of no measure." Marrack knelt down and smiled. 

"Oh, Karn, I'm not going to banish you, or torture you," he grinned. The demon narrowed it's yellow eyes at him as the sorcerer slammed his staff into the ground. "I'm going to kill you," he growled, in the demon's own language.

"I'm going to kill you, because after I have found the way to do that, nothing will stand in my way of destroying all the other Greater Demons. And after that lay only the Horde Lords. Then, when Hell is empty, Marrack will be free." The yellow eyes widened.

"Marrack? What do you know of Marrack? What cause does a petty conjurer have to know of the Purveyor of Sins?" Marrack smiled and rose to his full height.

"I AM Marrack." The demon stared at him, realisation slowly dawning. 

"Your name was known to us when you walked in the Dark Lord's steps. Now you will be known to us when your soul dances to His fingertips." The demon spat, and Marrack stepped back, letting the acid hit the ground harmlessly. 

"You will not get the chance to report my name, Karn. Banishment isn't your destiny. Destruction is." 

Marrack raised his arms and felt the power beginning to move around him. The living nature of the forest and mountains around them flowed into him, empowering him to destroy the demon. 

He rose his hand and brought it crashing down, smashing the demon into the ground with a lightning bolt driven down from clear skies. The demon screeched and then the scream faded, and nothing was left but a small crater, where the strike had fallen. 

Marrack sighed and sat back down on a rock as the barrier faded, no longer needed. He felt his skin crawling, and looked at his arms, and shoulders. 

He lifted his jeans legs, then a hopeful smile crossed his face. He pushed his hand into his pants and felt the skin on his cock shaft.

No runes scarred the skin anymore, and he grinned behind his beard. He pulled his hand out and sighed. 

He began to make his way down the mountain, back to where he had parked his car. Halfway down, he came across a small stream, and dunked his head under the freezing, rushing water.

He came back up with a gasp, and looked around, his full beard and long hair dripping. The mountains were still beautiful, he decided, despite the monstrosities he was wreaking on them. 

It was the best place he could find, high in the hills, with a small plateau where he could summon and destroy.

He looked down at his hands, once covered in scarred runes of power, now clean and tanned. As he destroyed each demon, more and more of his soul returned to him, replacing one power for another. 

The power that the runes had given to his flesh was nothing compared to the power his soul gave him. 

He looked down at the city below him, at it's sleepy little existence. The morning bell began to toll faintly, signalling the children in to school. 

Marrack took another deep breath of mountain air, and stood up. He began walking down the mountainside, smelling the fresh, clean air.

Far away, almost too far to see, to figures sat in a car, watching Marrack's movements. One was old, almost too old to be alive, and the other was a woman. 

Her age was impossible to tell, though her allure was not. She had long, curled hair, red like a dying sun, and bright green eyes. She put the binoculars down and lit a cigarette.

"He's hot. What's his story, and how can he help us?" The old man wheezed and coughed, his skin filled with burns and scars. Claw marks crossed the torn socket where his right eye had been. The woman didn't look at him as she watched Marrack.
