 (Hey, people, thanks for your patience, and sorry about the wait. Had to make it worth waiting for! Darlantan.)

Fire and Ice 3. The Gathering.

The doorbell was so commonplace that Kendra almost laughed. The cowbell gave a jangle as they pushed through the door. There was a young girl, barely out of school, taking orders by the counter. Kendra's eyes darted around at the other people in the diner, but if they were Centre plants, they were good ones. Nearly to a man and woman, they looked up and then after a cursory glance at her breasts or at Scott, they looked away. Except for a man in the back corner, who didn't even bother to look up, but instead concentrated on his mug. 

Scott grunted as the young girl smiled charmingly at him. "Take a place anywhere, hon, and I'll be with you in a sec." The big cryogenic sniffed and lifted his chin towards the man at the back of the room. "We're here for him. To meet." The girl nodded and smiled, revealing a frightening lack of thought. "Well, when you're ready, you just come for me, okay?"

Kendra raised an eyebrow, and the waitress looked her up and down, a hungry light flashing through her eyes for a moment. Then she winked. Kendra shook her head, and stared at her, but the waitress didn't take notice. She just kept going on about her business. The pyrokinetic looked up at Scott and frowned slightly, but he squeezed her hand and moved towards the dark corner. The waitress looked back over her shoulder and flicked her tongue out at Kendra with a naughty little smirk. Kendra felt herself become suddenly moist, and followed Scott with a held breath.

The man in the corner sat, staring down at his mug, and didn't even look up until the two of them slid into the booth opposite him. When he did look up, there was something off about his face, an inhuman hunger. But his handsome features were the same as his brother's. But whereas Scott's eyes were a warm, confidant mix of blue and silver that shined when he laughed, his brother's eyes were black, and haunted. That's what was off about his face. He had absolutely no colour to his eyes.

The black and white orbs moved sideways and slid into hers with a sudden glare of power. The haunted look faded, and power blazed there, power and rage. Scott's fist hit the table and scared her, but his brother barely smiled. "Fire and Ice. Sounds like a nightclub. Talk about opposites attracting. How strange that it could work so well." His eyes moved back to his brother. "Mythril. You look well. For a man who kills so...easily."

Scott slowly withdrew his hand and slid it beneath the table. Kendra grasped it reassuringly, and Scott took a deep breath. "Marrack. Nice trick with the phone. Spooky." For the first time, a genuine smile lit the man's features, barring his eyes. No amusement flickered there, only that same haunting hunger. "Spooky is what I do, little brother. Actually, it was rather simple, scarily so. I cast a spell, and the spirit that connected us looked for your essence, not your phone number. When it found you, it was a small enough matter to make the phone ring."

Scott nodded, and his eyes dropped. "What are you doing here, brother?" Marrack stared at his brother. "I thought we'd talk for a while. Before moving on to the unpleasantness, I mean. Some refreshment?" He raised his hand, and the waitress with the naughty eyes and tongue sidled over. Kendra felt herself begin to heat up, and bit her lip. The waitress stood with one hip jutted out to the side, and smiled down at them. "Something I can get you...?" she breathed. Kendra sat back, and Marrack leant over towards her and gestured. The waitress leant down, her uniform tight against her body. 

Scott shifted in his seat as Marrack twisted his hand towards her, and something moved along the table and slid into her. She shuddered and smiled. Marrack's eyes slid to the side to appraise his brother. "Well, ice-man?" Scott glanced at the waitress. "Hot chocolate, please." Kendra swallowed and smiled weakly. "Iced coffee." Marrack snorted. "Well," he sang, mockingly. "I guess that means I'll have to have some angel fruit cake." The waitress gave a breathy laugh, and Marrack shook his head slowly, his eyes locked on hers. 

"On second thoughts, you can go and get their drinks, and then I'm going to let you swallow my cock. You're a cum hungry whore, who wants what I can give." Scott and Kendra stared at him, then up at the waitress. She smiled and licked her lips. "Yes, master..." Marrack turned back to the table and smiled, this time it reached his eyes, the hunger flaring. "You see, brother, when you killed me, you let me discover something truly magical. The magic of sin, brother, can grant tremendous powers in this world. This world is already steeped in sins, something that only spurs my powers."

"You seem to have come into your own power, brother. No more the Mythril, now you are what, the Popsicle?" Scott stared at his brother, his face stony. Kendra squeezed his hand under the table. "If you missed your brother, why does it matter? Why are you here?" Those dark eyes slid into hers and a smirk twisted his lips. "The dark meat denies her fear, I see." Kendra sneered at him and leant forwards. "I'm not afraid of you, but you seem to know an awful lot about us." Marrack shrugged. "More than you do about your beloved ice tray there." Kendra snorted. "I doubt that."

The conjurer raised a hand and a deep blue pulsed within his skin, and hit Kendra square in the forehead. Scoot stood up and hit his brother hard, but Kendra didn't see it. Her eyes whitened over, and she heard the hiss of machinery, and the hum of computers and the low murmer of human voices. Marrack shook his head and held his hands out to placate his brother, huge over him. The waitress stepped around the corner and stopped, her mouth open as Marrack slowly wiped the blood on his chin. "She sees the day you killed me, brother. No more than that. She only needs to know where I came from."

Scott didn't move to sit, but didn't stop his brother from standing up. The tray hit the table, and the drinks spilled as the waitress grabbed hold of Marrack's hand. "There's a bathroom this way, sir." Marrack nodded and moved out from the bench. He turned back to his brother, still standing, and glared. "Sit, brother, we're not done. Let your little spark's vision play out, and we can talk." He turned back to the waitress and nodded, and she led him away. Scott turned back to Kendra, who was shaking her head minutely and blinking.

There were fluorescent lights and bright, clean steel benches everywhere. No matter where she looked, men in white coats where moving, until she came to the figure strapped to the electrical gurney. Wires covered the man's huge physique, and giant vials of a silver liquid surrounded him. The man was obviously in pain, and another man, his hands shackled to a heating coil, was yelling. "Scott, jesus, what are they doing to you, fight it, Scott!!" The man on the gurney grunted as his arms flexed, the huge, thick cords of muscle straining against the unmoving clamps.

Marrack pulled his lip aside and inspected his teeth with his tongue. One was loose, and it was a miracle his face was not bruised to a pulp anyway. The waitress sat on the toilet, her hands feverishly trying to free his cock from his pants, and the sorcerer looked down as cold air hit his length. The woman was staring at his skin, at the arcane runes and demonic symbols burnt into the very flesh of his cock itself. She looked up at him and he slapped her, hard. Fury lit her features, and he grabbed her head. Power pulsed in his hands, and her mouth opened as lust took her. She pushed her mouth around his cock length and began to moved her head up and down it.

The clamps didn't move, but something else did. Needles slid into his skin, all around him, and another hum began. The silver liquid began to drain out of the canisters and into Scott's body, and the man trapped on the heating unit began screaming in a new intensity, to match his brother's. "No, Scott!! SCOTT!?!? FUCKING BASTARDS, LET MY BROTHER GO!!" He strained on the metal of the cuffs and screamed. "Gan-Mach tal NON-Yeh!" There was an explosion of sulphur, and the shackles burst into bone dust. He raced to his brother's side as the alarm began to sound.

Marrack leant back against the toilet wall as she worked at his cock, loving it, tracing the runes and symbols with her tongue. Her free hand guided him into her throat, because her other was busy, moving across herself with fevered intensity. He could feel himself growing closer to his climax, and pulled out. She panted and went after it, but he pushed her to the ground and moved her skirt up. Her bright red hair flicked as she looked over her shoulder, spreading her buttocks wide. He teased her slit with his head, and she began to cry and shake with need. In an instant, he moved up and pushed himself inside her shithole.

The air grew cold and sharp as Scott was consumed by his rage and pain on the gurney, and Kendra ached to go to her lover, to help him. The clamps holding him down began to discolour as the cold whitened them. Marrack reached his brother's side and stared in horror at the silver tide overtaking his brother's skin. Scott gave an inhuman scream and the clamps shattered. Scotts huge hand shot up and wrapped around Marrack's throat. There was nothing human in Scott's face as his rage consumed him, and Kendra screamed as Marrack sank to his knees. "Brother..."

"Fuck..." The woman cried as Marrack took her, his cock driving into the heat of her asshole. The lust was coursing through her, she needed satisfaction or she'd be driven insane. What she was being, was used. She took no pleasure from it, only the feelings he was making her feel, the lust, the insane lust, as he fucked her asshole. She began to gasp in pain as her cries further inflamed her paramour's uncaring thrusts. His hands were holding her hips down as he drove himself deep inside of her, feeling her passage squeeze him in pain. Marrack spat on one hand and pushed it below them, to rub at her pussy, and the waitress sighed in pleasure as her heat was breached.

Scott stared stupidly at the tranq darts that seemed to appear on his chest, one after the other. The rage faded from his eyes and he looked down at the figure who had come to kill him, or make the pain worse. One of them. Two sets of silver-blue eyes locked, and Scott sank down beside his brother. "No... Markus...?" Kendra watched as Marrack/Markus reached up to touch the solid ice that his throat had become. His mouth worked as he tried to breath, but his throat wouldn't move. His hands gripped at Scott's shoulders, even as he sank down and blinked twice, his eyes beginning to close. Scott sank to his knees and blackness closed in as his brother died. "Brother..."

The waitress moaned softly as Marrack dragged her up to kneel on the toilet seat. He drew one leg over his shoulder, and braced his hands on her bared shoulder. His cock began to drive inside her, going deeper and deeper. She lay there, letting him fuck her, just revelling in the sin of the act. Marrack smiled as he pulled out, her asshole closing again as his length left her for a moment. The cold water was running, and he wet a hand as he slid his cock inside her heat. He lent forwards, and viscously twisted a bouncing nipple. "I'm gonna cum in your cunt, bitch. Gonna cum and blast it hard." She moaned as he sped up, his cock growing thicker and thicker as he got closer. 

Kendra blinked as the shining metal and lights faded, to the dull red of a low fire. There was an oppressive heat, and two people talking. "Sin is the power on earth now, not prayer. You can go back, Markus. There's a darkness in you that I admire, the one thing that God created that I do enjoy. Hatred. You have it. And you have lust. What will you do, with these powers I give you?" Markus's voice shook slightly as he answered. "Sin, indulge. Enjoy them, I guess." There was a deep laugh, and then another scream. "Well, Markus, perhaps you shall enjoy them more. You need to change, just the smallest bit. Markus...shall be Marrack. And Marrack shall be mine..."

The waitress's groan was long and stuttered as Marrack fucked his cock inside of her. Her juices began to squirt out as she came, to cover the wall and sink, and Marrack grunted in satisfaction as his thick cock burst deep inside of her. He pulled out as his cock kept streaming, and drove himself deep within the tightness of her puckered asshole. The waitress gave a shriek of pain and her arms flung wide, as she slipped down, one hand and shoulder going into the toilet, where she slumped, completely spent as Markus came inside her.

The vision became white, and Kendra again saw the shabby diner in front of her. "Jesus," she breathed. Scott sat beside her, unmoving. Kendra's cheeks dampened with her tears and she threw her arms around him. Scott's chest heaved as he sighed, and Kendra held him close to her. "Jesus, babe..." Scott nodded. "Now you know. I killed him." Kendra shook her head. "That was an accident. Anyone could see you were insane with rage. God, who could blame you? It was an accident." Scott didn't answer, just sat, his mind whirling. Kendra looked up. "Where's Marrack?"

Marrack let her weak carcass fall to the floor. The sudden chill of the air on his wet cock shrunk him a bit, but he leant forwards and spread his hand over her head. "You need to clean my cock, whore. Cunt, my cock is covered in our cum, and your ass. You need to clean me." She shook her head, and struggled up to a sitting position. She moaned against his open hand, and her eyes flickered closed. Light pulsed, and lust thrashed through her system again. She whimpered and opened her mouth as Marrack watched her worship his cock again. Her tongue and mouth cleaned him, and he tucked his softening cock back into his pants. He turned as she sat there, and opened the door wide. She whimpered again as the entire restaurant looked their way, and could clearly see her. She turned away and began to cry.

The two fugitives watched as Marrack made his way back to their table. The door swung back shut behind him, and he readjusted his pants as he sat down. "So, our little viewing homework is done, yes? Here's the update then. The Centre has... what?" Kendra was staring at him in total hatred. "You just raped that girl. You fucking monster." Marrack shrugged. "We're all monsters, Kendra. My brother's own hand killed me, and yours killed your father. You begrudge me to spread a little sin, and get my cock sucked? You want your pussy fingered while we wait, Kendra? A snap of my fingers, and you can blow your mind..." Scott rolled his shoulders and put his hands on the table.

"Is this going somewhere?" Marrack leant back and smiled. "Actually no, I'm just amusing myself. This whole meeting has two edges. Firstly, I've been sent by the Centre to capture or kill you both, you especially brother. With your new control over your powers, you're too much of a danger to the Centre. And the little runaway here has been gone for far too long, and she's moved from recovery to damage control. So either I take you in, or I don't get paid." Scott clenched his knuckles and Kendra could feel the cold emanating from him like a chilled fog. Her eyes began to burn, and Marrack smiled as her eyes flamed red. 

"Calm yourselves. They've gotten involved in something not quite their usual ilk. The only thing they have that they can give me is pleasure, and their souls." His lip curled up for a moment. "And that sort of thing I can get on my own." Scott turned around to look out the door, making sure the place wasn't surrounded. "Then why acquiesce to the hunt?" Marrack shrugged. His haunted eyes flickered between them for a moment, as the enigmatic sorcerer hesitated for a moment. "We were two halves of the same coin, brother. There was a strength between us, that they saw and destroyed. They made no move to stop you, in your insanity, from killing me, nor did they attempt to help me after you had frozen my throat."

His dark, tattooed hands caressed his throat for a moment, as if remembering, and reminding himself that he could still breathe. "The Centre uses me now, unaware that my hatred for them exceeds any rewards or price they can grant. I'm...different now... I'm not Markus anymore, I'm Marrack. But our blood still pumps through my heart. The Centre, for too long, has done simply as they wished, as opposed to what they should do. You, and your little candle here, you could destroy their building, but the council of eight would surely escape. With three of us..." His words faded off and he sat back in the chair. "Go back to your hotel room, and I will contact you tomorrow morning. Decide, brother. Here, now, is the chance for vengeance and redemption."

The two renegades stared at him, and Scott nodded slowly. Kendra eased herself out of the booth and stood as Scott followed suit. The brothers eyed one another for a moment, until Marrack nodded once, slowly, and Scott turned away. The cowbell saw them out, and they got back into the car. Dirt and dust rose up as Kendra gunned it, and they tore out onto the road. Back inside the diner, Marrack sipped at his now cold coffee. A candy-stripped uniform moved past him and slid into the booth opposite. Dr. Angela Lotus, board member of the Centre, breathed heavily as her hands went under the table, reaching for Marrack's cock. 

"Think they'll go for it, master?" Marrack shrugged as she sank under the table and unzipped his pants. He felt hot breath on the head of his cock for a moment, and then the rough touch of her tongue rubbing along the underside of his length. He grew firm and thick under her ministrations, and sighed. "It matters not. They will serve my purposes. The Centre will fall, and I will rise through it's charred and frosted ashes." He looked down at her, under the table, totally oblivious to the stares he was getting from the other patrons. Her teeth raked along the underside of his cock, and his breath hissed between clenched teeth.

She opened her uniform and began to squeeze her right nipple, where a demon had chewed and infected her when last Marrack had fucked her. The nipple was black and bruised, as the venom fed its way through her system, enslaving her to her sins. Marrack's lips twisted as she began to kneed at his balls, pressing them against his pelvis and making him moan. He pushed her head away, and moved out of the booth. She followed, not even bothering to re-button her blouse. His cock, long and hard, swung freely and proudly as he made his way out of the diner through the kitchen. Lotus followed him needily, her whimpers only sending pulses of lust through the sorcerer.

The rear doors swung open, and Marrack spun Lotus past him, and she slammed into the bonnet of her car. Marracks hand buried itself inside her, and she moaned in ecstasy as his fingers spread inside her. She was a wanton slut, and knew it. She reached back and spread her cheeks wide, begging him to penetrate her anywhere, and fast. He spat on her puckered asshole and pressed the head of his cock against it. She bit her lip as he began to move his hips forwards, until he spread her ass cheeks wide and slammed his hips forwards. Lotus cried out in pain, and Marrack raised both hands and slapped her hard on the bouncing globes of her ass. 

The good doctor was grinding her hips into the polished bonnet of her mercedes with abandon, needing Marrack to own her totally. The sorcerer sneered and his hands spread wide over the line of her spine, and glowed. Lust pulsed through her, again and again, waves of pure lust until she screamed with need. She turned, twisting Marrack's cock inside her asshole, and grabbed him roughly. She pushed him down onto the bonnet and slammed her dripping pussy onto his cock. There was a moment of pain, until she shook her head and began to ride him hard.
