 Fire and Ice 4. The Final Act.

Scott Graham, codenamed Mythril, escaped Generation 6.1, prodigy in cryogenic telepathic manipulation, beloved of Ember and rather muscular lord of ice frowned at Kendra Jackson-Graham, codenamed Ember, renegade Generation 6.1, extremely powerful and volatile pyrokinetic, beloved of Mythril and rather sensually mindblowing mistress of fire. Kendra popped the lollipop out of her mouth and affected an innocent look. Scott tried to keep the smile from his face, and failed, and Kendra loosed a devilish grin on him. "Sweetheart, please, I'm trying to concentrate here. You're very distracting." 

Kendra shrugged, her tight top pressed against her chest as she twisted on the spot, writhing in apparent nervousness. "I ought to take that as a compliment, but right now, I'm really just interested in fucking you." Scott sighed and shook his head in exasperation. "That's five times in the last three hours. Can I just..." Kendra sighed and sat down dejectedly. "It's your brother's fault. Whatever he did to me, its still racing through my system. I know its hard to handle, but I just wanna be handled." Marrack pushed himself off the wall and walked over to the fidgeting ebony beauty. Scott stood up, but his brother waved him off. The sorcerer pressed a quick hand against her forehead, and something flashed in her eyes. 

Kendra shook her head and sat up very quickly. Marrak paid little attention to her, but went back to his slumped position against the wall. "What did you do to me?" The sorcerer shrugged as he settled himself in comfortably. "I'm sin, my dear sister-in-law. I know it, I am it, and I can force it. You have a lust for my brother, well, lust is a sin, and something I'm quite familiar with. Something I can induce." Kendra sniffed, then her eyes blazed with power, and Marrack sat up and swore as fire burst up from his crotch. The conjurer ran to the sink, but the fire was already gone. The pyrokinetic sniffed again, and turned her back on him. "Well don't induce anything else."

Scott settled in to the computer screen, although his huge, broad-shouldered frame seemed unfitting for such a place. His face was intent on the flickering light of the computer screen, which had already given him a headache. He scanned the readout several times before realising what he was seeing. "I'm in..." His voice was disbelieving, and hushed, and at first, the others didn't understand. When he didn't move, Kendra sat up quickly and moved to his side. "Classified, Level 19 security override disabled, Level 4 classification document. Authorised persons only to view." She read the words and gave a short laugh. "You did it, babe. Now what?"

Scott shrugged and continued reading. "Well, now we know, we read up. There's got to be more 6.1's out there, and if there's more in the Centre, then maybe they'd be interested in taking it down." He downloaded the file, and the printer began to spew out three copies of the files. Scott reached down and ripped the cord out of the wall, disconnecting the Internet. He had no idea whether they could trace something that quick, but he preferred to err on the side of caution. The printer finished and Scott grabbed the copies and then his jacket.

The trio made their way across the car park and into the large truck that they had commandeered the night before. Marrack slid into the back seat, and Kendra jumped in the passenger side. Scott looked back at the library and rubbed his chin. He looked around, but couldn't see any other cars in the area. This would have been strange, except that it was nearly nine o'clock at night, and not the general time for anyone other than cramming students to visit the library. 

Kendra reached over and started the truck, and Scott turned and handed her the files. The truck roared as he slammed the gears and lurched forwards. Kendra handed one set of files over the back to Marrack, who began to pour over them. "Looks like you were right, little brother. Its all here. We're not that alone after all. There's another half-dozen 6.1's running around. Jesus, listen to this guy."

"Robert Dellapane. Codename: Steel. Recovered three years ago in undisclosed national park. Severe mental and physical trauma. Non-mental manifestations of the Generation 6 treatments. Physical manifestations biomechanical enhancement of bone structure. Superhuman strength. Physical manifestations also include extra-dermal growths, akin to metal nodules." Marrack looked up. "Fucking steel tumours. Jesus."

Kendra winced as she read on. "Bone structure inflexible and incompatible with human movement. Fuck. Poor guy can't even move right. Look here, babe, it says he's had severe mental difficulty in adjusting to the modifications the Centre has done. No fucking shit. They turn him into a freak, then fuck him up more." Scott braked as they came up to a rail crossing, and leant over and squeezed Kendra's thigh reassuringly. 

Marrack turned the page and murmured to himself for a moment. "This is like a roll-call for freaks and monsters anonymous. Listen, Culann Davids, Codename Venom. Non-mental manifestations of Generation 6 treatments. Physical manifestations include complete invulnerability to any toxins introduced, included viral, airborne, liquid and bacterial. Naturally occurring poisons and venoms also ineffective. Possible military applications."

"His adrenal gland has somehow transmuted to deal with the toxins, and every single pore and cell in his body secretes poison." Kendra touched the page with one trembling hand. "He'll never know what it's like to touch someone. Jesus." Marrack gave a low whistle from the back seat. "Now we're talking." The train went past, and the lights went off. Scott leant back in his seat as he drove through the dark streets. Finally, they came to the motel they were staying in. 

He looked out to the west, to the snow capped peaks that hid the Centre, and what they did. His fist clenched, and he calmed himself with a great deal of effort. Kendra and Marrack continued to read as they walked to the door, neither noticing the polished mercedes parked beside their door. Scott slowed as the door opened, and no light came on. His fist clenched, and ice crept over his sun-darkened skin.

Marrack stopped at the door and looked up, but a feral look crossed his face, and he gave a harsh laugh. "Doctor Lotus, to what do we owe the honour?" Angela Lotus stood with one hip jutting out to the side, one manicured hand resting lightly. The other held a smoking cigarette, which she brought up to her mouth and took a long, sultry drag of. Scott looked around, but they were alone in the car park. Lotus raised her hand from her hip to her blouse, and pulled the corner down. 

Covering her right nipple, and spreading over the rest of her breast, was a black spider-web of veins, with six points above and below. Marrack laughed as she began to twist her nipple with two fingers, a cruel and sadistic laugh. Scott looked back and forth at the two and unclenched his fist, the ice falling from it with sharp cracks. Kendra's eyes lost their fiery glow, saying more clearly than words how on edge she had become. 

Marrack stepped forwards and handed his papers to Scott, who glared at him. "I've more important things to do tonight, brother. This woman wants my cock, who would I be to deny her that privilege? We could all be dead tomorrow night, so tonight should be steeped in sin, don't you think, Doctor?" The conjurer's mocking words oozed like honey over Lotus's skin, and her eyes blazed as he led her towards his room. 

Kendra shook her head. "I don't believe it. I just don't believe it." Scott nodded wordlessly and then shook his head. "C'mon, lets go. We can free the rest of these Gen 6.1's tonight, if we're lucky. If we're even luckier, maybe some of them will join us, and want to be freed." Kendra nodded wordlessly and preceded her lover into the motel room. They sat on the bed and poured over the rest of the files.

Three doors down, Lotus walked out of the bathroom, tying off her second pigtail. Marrack hung his full-length leather coat up on the door; the vivid blues, reds and purples of the runes etched into the inside of the material stood in stark contrast to the sheer black of the leather. Marrack liked darkness. He turned as Lotus dropped her own gown to the floor. She had black latex boots on that rose to mid thigh, and crotchless black panties with intense red lace trimmings.

Her breasts were encased in more of the racy red and black lace, with two adjoining nipple clamps. She still had the tail end of the cigarette in her mouth, and took a final drag, sinking to her knees. Marrack pulled his shirt off and undid the buckle on his thick belt. Lotus moved forwards on her knees, and began to rub his cock through his pants. Marrack moaned and leant back against the door as she began to mouth his swollen shape through his pants. 

He looked down at her, at her dark silken hair and naughty eyes, and watched in pure hormonal fascination as she began to pull his fly down with her teeth. Her eyes never left his, and his cock push between the leather curtains and rose to meet her lips. She smiled around his cock as she began to mouth it, teasing him. Marrack slapped her, hard enough to draw blood, but there was only lust in her eyes, the demon's venom coursing through her veins, driving her into insane lust. 

Lotus turned back and attacked his cock with gusto, sucking into her mouth with wet, sloppy sounds. She began to move her head down, bobbing up and down over the thick length with gusto. Marrack reached forwards and grabbed hold of her pigtails, and began to pull her head towards him in sharp, hard jerks. Lotus's eyes blazed with lust as he raped her face, until she gagged as he pushed too far. His hands shifted to her head, which he pushed onto his cock hard.

He wrenched her head upwards, dragging her bodily up to stand. Marrack bent her head back and began to bite into her neck, which brought one of her legs up to rub around his hips. She pulled his head into her neck, driving him on further. The doctor began to grind her lace-covered hips into the skin of his cock, sending jolts of sensation blasting up his spine. Marrack bit hard, hard enough to break the skin, and Lotus moaned as she pulled her dark lover towards the bed. 

The Asian beauty lay back on the bed and Marrack slid up the length of her body, his thick 8 inches sliding along her, leaving a trail of pre-cum. He looked at the demon's venom spreading slowly across her breast, and into her blood, firing her soul with lust and gluttony. Gluttony for his cock. She began to spread her moistened lips apart and slowly draw her fingers over herself, and Marrack moved to stop her. 

He pulled one hand up to the bed head, and there was a metallic click as the handcuffs closed. Lotus looked up, and her eyes widened as she moved to cuff her other hand. Marrack raised her hips off the bed and caressed her buttocks with one long, slow movement, then bought his hand cracking down. A shockwave roared through Lotus as the pain and pleasure came crashing together.

Marrack leant forwards and spat on her pussy, making the doctor whimper in need. He worked it inside her, moving his fingers around and coating them in her juice. Lotus opened her mouth, anticipating his next sinful wish, but Marrack instead began to push against her sphincter with his wet fingers. Lotus's mouth opened as he spread her ass passage wide with his fingers, then moved to drive his cock inside her. His hips barely moved, and all she could feel was her asshole giving way.

Marrack was excruciatingly slow, and watched his paramour's face as she moved from need to pain to outright lust and then gave his hips an almighty thrust. Lotus screamed as he penetrated her fully, his eight inch cock sliding up her dry ass. He leant forwards and twisted her nipples as she lay still, being totally owned. Marrack's hands slid down her body and came to rest behind her knees.

He lifted her legs high, and over his shoulders. He began to pound into her, harder and harder, and Lotus couldn't help but moan. She felt completely helpless, as though she were at his mercy. In truth, she was. Marrack's left hand curled across to hold her legs against his chest as he fucked her asshole, and his right strayed down to slap lightly at her pussy. Lotus' hips began to buck as soon as he began, and she stopped moaning to take a deep breath that shuddered out as his thumb gouged into her clit.

The rough skin on his thumb drove her over, and Lotus began to cum, loudly and wetly. She exploded up into the air in a fountain of cum, covering her master's stomach and arms in her passion. Lotus shuddered several more times and then lay limp, and Marrack pulled out of her. He grabbed his cock hard, fisting himself as he rolled over onto her back. 

He slid into her pussy from behind, slumping down onto her body and burying himself fully. Lotus cried out softly as he filled her, and then began to move. At first, only his hips began to move, until she lay there almost comatose. Marrack grinned over her as he raised himself up off of her with his hands planted into the bed. He began to move all of his body then, sliding into her with bruising force.

Lotus lay still as Marrack took her, feeling him inside of her, thick and textured. His cock, long ago scarred with burnt runes of power and lust, was the centre of her world, moving in and out and every scarred inch was blowing her mind. The sorcerer's movements began to accelerate, his rhythm driving him inside of her at the perfect angle and motion. Lotus's eyes fluttered shut as she felt her body tense again, and Marrack gasped as she gripped him like a vice.

The pressure was unbelievable, and Lotus exploded again, drowning the sheets as Marrack began to piston his cock out of her. She rolled over as he came, his first burst hitting her chin, until she ducked her head to suck at his pulsating length. Her teeth slid over the rough skin under his head, and Marrack gave a hoarse yell as he blasted another load down the back of her throat. 

Lotus's cheeks hollowed and her throat clenched around him as she swallowed his seed and milked his cock for all he could give her. Marrack sagged back down onto the sheets and closed his eyes as Lotus cleaned his cock of all she could, her tongue rimming his head and making him moan in pure pleasure and torment. "Wonder what those other idiots are spending tonight doing?"

Kendra yawned and opened the window, stretching in the cool night breeze. Scott glanced at her, then his vision focussed on the taut material stretching across his lover's nipples. Kendra's long, dark braids hung low against the curve of her neck, and over her ear. Scott sighed and threw the paper down on the bed. "So what do we have?"

Kendra turned on the television and moved up to sit at the head of their paper-strewn bed. "Well, we've got more of an idea about everything, which is always good. Before tonight, I didn't even know I had a code name. Ember. Almost like it." Scott grunted. "Yeah, they probably only gave you something like that in case you decided to come back to the flock." The dark-skinned beauty regarded him with her chocolate brown eyes for a moment.

"And I'll bet you never knew that your brother had powers before, either. Psychic senses enabling him to see and wield transitional lines of power that criss-cross the world. That's how come he deals with demons and ghosts. Because he's one of the few that can summon without magic. Heavy. So who else do we have, aside from Steel and Venom?"

Scott moved to lay beside his wife and she laid her head on his thickly muscled shoulder. "Lets see here, we have Muse, Amanda Marcum. The covert diplomatic ace in the hole. Able to affect wavering decisions one way or the other, mental persuasion or outright control if necessary. Telepathic diplomat, huh?" Kendra nuzzled into the crook of his shoulder and neck and laid a hand on his chest.

"I've got one you might like. Jennifer Rosdon, codenamed Musk. She's a stimulator, stimulating feelings of lust and sexual frustration to levels almost akin to schizophrenia or insanity. Bit of a hottie, too." Scott snorted. "I kinda like Betty Paige, telekinetic that threw one of the Centre space stations about eight k's out off orbit. By accident. Massive damage control on that one. She's someone we'd almost have to have on side. Says here she's being put in permanent cryostasis until measures become available to control her powers." 

Kendra frowned as she stifled a yawn. "Permanent cryostasis ain't exactly cheap. Not that the Centre couldn't afford it, but wonder where..." Scott shrugged, feeling her hair move against his arm. "Could have been next door to my room. All that cold had to go somewhere. They could have channelled it, funnelled it or something." Kendra nodded. 

"Last?" Scott threw the papers off the bed with a sigh. "But definitely not least. The one that all the others are afraid of, and can only be approached and studied through video surveillance. Paul Bell, telepathic specialising in primal brain functions, mood swings. Happy, sad, angry, the extremes. He might be one our easy converts. The file says he's had several intense battles with guards. Bit of a live wire."

Kendra reached over and switched off the lamp beside the bed, leaving the room lit by only the flashing light of the television. "I can't believe its all coming to a head. What sort of chance do we have?" Scott took a deep breath and enfolded Kendra in his arms. "I don't know kitten. I really don't. But either we go up against them, or we run from them forever." 

She sighed and her hands shook slightly. Scott looked down and kissed her forehead tenderly. Kendra looked up, and Scott started as he saw the tears in her eyes. "Make love to me," she whispered. "Make love to me like you'll never see me again." Scott held her to him for an eternity, until her hips moved against him. Part of him didn't want to, didn't want it to end. Another part, the stronger part, only wished to hold his wife through the night.

He was slow to rise, with no lust racing through his veins, and no fun. His mind swept back to their first, wondrous love making, his first. The awkwardness and tentativeness of it all. Then came joy, and fun, and lust, pure and unadulterated lust. Now, what would happen if he never held her again? He slid inside her after several moments, the feel of her body against his natural and right. 

Scott moved inside of his wife, feeling her move against him, moaning softly. She wept still, and he kissed at her tears, his heart breaking. She shook her head and pulled him down closer to her, so he couldn't see her crying. Her body shook and Scott's heat fell away. They clung to one another like frightened children through the night, never moving, never sleeping. 

As day dawned over the mountains that hid the Centre, there was a knock at the door. Kendra sighed and her arms tightened around her husband. Marrack's voice came through the closed door. "Let's go, little brother. It's the time."

To Be Concluded.