 Chapter 5: Failure, truth, and Consequence.

Marrack lowered the binoculars and sniffed, drawing back on the short cigar in his mouth. "Looks like any other snug little mountain chateau. Difference being of course, all the sub-levels and other parts, like the advanced weapons and research."

"Then there's all the living quarters for the Centre workers. Could be good. Could be contained, and fun. How're we gonna get in there?"

Scott shook his head ruefully and chuckled. "God knows. Maybe we needed a little bit more time to work this all out, you know? I think we might have jumped into this a little quick." Kendra squatted down next to her husband and gave a lot whistle. 

"Five guards, motion cameras, armoured control booth. I know we could take them, but only loud, and we'd be stopped within bloody minutes of getting through. How are we gonna get in there?"

Marrack smiled to himself as his cell phone rang, and he walked off a ways. Kendra shook her head. "I know he's your brother, baby, but I still get the feeling he's not to be trusted." Scott shrugged. 

"He isn't, sweety. He's not exactly a nice guy. And then there're his eyes. The whole complete lack of colour thing puts a lot of people off. But you're right." 

"I'm not sure that his story about the Centre is all it's cracked up to be. Problem is, he's also right. We can't guarantee all of the Committee members without him. Even with him, we're not sure."

Kendra sniffed as Marrack made his way back to them. The conjurer was smirking to himself, and laughing. "Kendra, sweet lamb, why don't you make your way down to the doorway, so you can let us know when the coast is clear? The guards will shortly be distracted." 

Kendra looked at Scott, who raised an eyebrow. "By what?" Marrack smirked and shifted the thick length of his cock against his thigh, and shrugged. 

"No, little brother, by whom. I told the esteemed Doctor Lotus that I would relieve her of her...affliction, if she helped us do this one small thing."

Kendra spat on the ground and moved away from them, making her way down the mountain path quickly. Marrack smiled mockingly at his brother. "Something I said?" Scott raised the binoculars to his eyes once more. 

"Something you are, brother." Marrack shrugged again, uncaring, and pulled a small, rune-encrusted staff from inside his coat pocket. With a whispered word, the staff grew to its full length of ten feet. 

"I know that you do actually want the Centre destroyed brother, but I'm curious. Why join forces with me, or with Kendra, if you know that you don't need us? Blood is truly thicker than water, but we both know what our blood made us, and what it drove us to. So why do you need us?" 

Marrack bent to one knee, and began to move the staff over the stone that they stood on. The wooden tip scored the stone as though it were mud. 

"I need you, little brother, because I know that, in the end, it would be better for you to destroy the Centre, and allow me to raise another in it's place, than for me to try to take over the Centre, and have you destroy it anyway. That a good enough reason?" 

Scott lowered the binoculars, and sighed. "Yeah. I almost hoped it wouldn't be, but yeah. That'll do." Marrack completed the circle, and shrugged. 

"Despite what you may think, Scott, I do remember the times when you and I played and laughed and loved and fought, as only brothers do. But I'm different now. I'm not Markus anymore." 

Scott nodded, and Marrack gave a low laugh. "At least, little brother, I haven't fed you to a demon. There's always that." 

Scott began to laugh at the absurdity of it all, and then the small communicator in his ear gave a small beep. "Scott, the guards are still there. What am I waiting... hang on." Scott moved the binoculars down and scoffed as he saw Lotus standing in the doorway, smoking a cigarette. 

She was talking to the guards, and they were suddenly shifting their positions, uncertainly. Lotus moved into the armoured control booth, and the other guards hesitated only a moment before rushing in.

Inside, Dr. Lotus was already laid across the desk, her legs spread and her hips grinding along the desk. She was mouthing the crotch of the head security guard, a very large, bearded and surprised man, who stared at the wanton doctor as she spread her lips wide and nudged at his growing erection with her teeth. 

He moaned in shock, and began to move his hips back and forth against her. She smiled against his straining zipper as she drew back on the last of her cigarette and began to softly chew on his cock, through his jeans. 

Smoke trailed out of her nostrils and mouth as she sucked and mouthed his cock, and the security guard began to close his eyes and moan as her lips found his zipper. Her teeth closed on the tab, and began to pull, slowly uncovering his cock.

His underwear was straining to hold his bulge, and the smell was almost more than Lotus could handle, but her lust had hold of her now. Her tongue moved out as she traced the outline, and smiled as the guard began to whimper. T

he man pushed her head away, and moved his underwear down, unleashing his cock with a bounce. There was little in the unveiling, Lotus thought disparagingly, but at least she was going to get what she craved. 

The man began to push his cock against her smiling lips, and she opened her mouth and let him feel her moist heat for an instant. Her crotch was on fire as she ground her hips into the steel bench.

There was a sound of awe at the door, and Lotus turned and smiled around the cock in her mouth as the other guards filled the doorway and began to smile. She moved her ass back and forth, mesmirising them. 

There was an instant's silence, and then another guard moved forwards, unzipping himself and clamouring over her splayed form to run his cock along the crease of her ass. 

She wriggled and felt him trying to push inside her, and ran her teeth along the underside of the head guard's cock, feeling him shudder in heat. She pushed a little, and felt the pop as the guard's cock finally slid inside of her. 

His cock was quite a good size for her ass, she decided, feeling him move inside her. His feet were flat on the desk, his pants around his ankles, forgotten as he crouched over her, sliding his cock inside her asshole.

It didn't take long for the others to surround the bench, and her, and begin to offer their cocks to her. There was one, the only black guard, who had a big cock, big enough to draw her attention. She could feel the fat guard beginning to pant like a split bellows as her mouth and tongue proved too much for him. 

The black guard smiled as she motioned for the guard fucking her ass to roll over. She spread her pussy lips and moaned when the guard now underneath her arched his hips up, driving his cock deeper into her ass now that gravity was on her side. 

The black guard began to move up the bench, and paused at her centre. The guard in her mouth moaned in pain and blasted her, coating her chin and throat in cum as he shook against the table. 

The black guard wiped her chin and began to circle her nipples with his cum covered fingers. Lotus smiled as he began to ease inside of her, the corner of her lips twisting up as she felt herself stretching to accomadate him. 

The doctor laid back as she was fucked, feeling the thick length of meat, dwarfing the cock in her ass, sliding deep inside of her. She could feel the man's fingertips, still circling her nipples, and then smiled when another guard straddled her chest.  

His butt cheeks pressed her breasts flat to her chest almost making her stop, but she was too far gone in her lust to care as he offered her smiling lips his cock head.

The thick, red mushroom edged at her lips as he stroked it, and she began to tease and mouth the head. Her teeth edged over the eye of his cock, and the guard leant back in ecstacy as she enveloped his cock in her mouth. 

She looked up, and saw the head guard stroking his cock again, trying to get it thick. 

She saw shadows pass the windows outside, moving silent, stealthy. She let out a scream of pleasure, and a massive sigh as the black guard began to really speed up and give it to her. 

Lotus lay back, enjoying the sensations of being so full and slutty. The last guard, young, barely out of his teens, leant over and tapped his cock against her cheek.

Her mouth opened to catch it, and the young guard gasped in ecstacy. For a while, there was nothing more than the sounds of the guards flesh slapping against the doctors, until she began to bite down harder on the two cocks in her mouth. 

The young guard was the first to go, his quivering thrusts giving him away. His hot cum burst into her mouth, and lubed up her throat, and the guard straddling her chest gave a hoarse cry and grabbed his cock hard. He pulled it out of her mouth, blasting her over her gasping lips and chin. 

Lotus sank back, feeling her hips filled with thrusting cock meat, and swallowed the salty broth of cum that was overflowing as the guard sank back off her chest. 

Her hips began to buck up and down, feeling the guard beneath her draw his cock out as the black guy above her fucked it down into her.

Lotus felt herself almost blacking out from the pleasure/pain, but lay there instead, feeling so sinful that she could barely keep it back. The guy in her ass began to quiver, his sweaty hands on her hips moving her back and forth faster and faster.

There was a motion like a wave, and she felt hot cum splash up inside her ass. She smiled at the man collapsed beneath her, and began to move up. The man slid out of her with a grunt, and the black guy grabbed her with two massive hands. He turned her around, pushing her onto her knees on the bench. 

He entered her again with a satisfied grunt, and she felt herself stretch back again. There was a sudden squelch, and she could feel two fingers working inside her asshole. They moved around, intensifying her sensations until the black guy drew them out. He reached around and pulled her up, stuffing his fingers inside her mouth.

Lotus moaned around his fingers, tasting cum, and her ass, and his sweat. She opened her eyes as she felt his hand spread across the small of her back, pushing her face down onto the bench. His motions quickened, until he grabbed both of her arms, pulling her upper body back as he fucked his cock inside her pussy.

Lotus screamed as she came, squirting her cum over the bench, to the delight of her voyeurs. The black guy was grunting, and she felt the sting of his slap as it rung against her ass cheek. 

She felt the wave cresting again, almost too quickly, and began to cum again. She clenched down on the cock thrusting between her pussy lips, and felt the man shudder behind and inside of her. 

The black guard gave a hoarse yell as he came, and Lotus sank to the bench, exhausted. She looked down at her freshly fucked body, and began to laugh delightedly. The black guard shook his head and began to gather his clothes.

Inside the Centre, Scott, Marrack and Kendra moved along the side of the hallway, looking as best they could for cameras or guard stations. As they went deeper into the complex, their nerves began to reach a fever pitch. Still, no alarms sounded and no phalanx of guards came rushing down the corridor.

Kendra shrugged against the wall, and Scott shrugged back. "We walking in to a trap, or is it just me? I haven't heard an alarm or siren, and no PA calls for all guards to attack the powerfully pissed off freaks of nature storming down the corridor." Marrack eased past them and gave a quiet chuckle. 

"It certainly seems to be far too easy. Think my darling Lotus blossom set us up?" Scott looked down the hallway, and then back again. He shook his head, and rubbed his chin. They were right, it was all far too easy. 

"Maybe. But so what if she did? Bottom line is, we're in, and if they're close enough to kill us, then we'll be close enough to kill them. Ok." He squatted down and made another check, to make sure they weren't in sight of any cameras. 

"Option A, we bug out, try and come back again when we can control the situation as best we can. Option B, we keep going, but we all go together, as opposed to splitting up. We've got a better chance of making it that way." 

Kendra chewed her lip for a moment, then looked at Marrack, who was standing nonchalantly in the hallway as if uncaring. 

"Well, summoner? Do you have something that could give us a hint as to what's around this place? Something small, almost unnoticeable? Something that we could use as a little recon player? I'm thinking we distract the guards, and then he can tell us where our brethren are, and then we can go and see if they wanna play too." 

Marrack leant on his staff for a moment, and then gave her a feral grin. "I like that plan. Plan C brother. Means we get to have some fun." Scott nodded and stood up. Kendra's eyes began to burn, like two torches in a cave, and fire raced along her body, fully enveloping her. 

Scott clenched his fists, and they gave a sharp crack as they grew ice on the knuckles. The blue sheen bled back from his hands and flowed over his body, coating him in tiny frost particles.

Marrack twirled his staff over his head twice and then slammed it down into the ground at his feet. There was a massive crack, and suddenly a stench of sulphur. 

A tiny creature, barely the size of a quarter, sat in the palm of Marrack's hand. The summoner smiled at him, and leant down close. The creature nuzzled into his short black beard, and sat patiently. 

"This is Jakkurlnalazz. It means Juggernaught in his native tongue." Kendra looked at the tiny creature with a strange expression on her face. Her features were carefully blank as she nodded in its direction. 

The creature smiled at her, showing tiny needle-like teeth. "I think he likes you, but only because of your décor." Kendra gave them both a weak smile and turned back to stand with Scott.

"My friend, I have a task for you. If you complete it well, I'll give you seven minutes leave up here, unfettered, before you return home. There are others here, held in rooms. These rooms are special, strong rooms. These others are like us, special. Do you know them?" 

The demon concentrated for a moment, then nodded eagerly. Marrack smiled and lifted his hand, and the creature took flight. 

It looked almost like a tiny bat as it clawed its way awkwardly through the cool, clean air. Marrack straightened to his full height and began to flex his fingers like claws. "And so, shall we entertain our illustrious former masters?" 

Scott and Kendra grinned and began to move openly down the corridor. Marrack looked up at a security camera as they passed the end of the corridor and smiled, then slammed the butt of his staff into the lens.

Not as far away as she would have liked, Dr. Helen Gilette stared at the static on the screen in front of her. She had seen Marrack's face, the smug smile that had shown just the instant before he had destroyed the camera. 

Gillette looked around at the other council members with her. There were seven of them seated there, and they impatiently awaited the eighth.

The doors opened silently, and two guards came through, wearing full tactical operations gear, and carrying between them the slumped form of Dr. Lotus. 

The final living member of the Centre Council sagged unceremoniously into a chair and looked up. Gillette stared at her for a moment, and then slapped her hard and turned away.

"Apparently our plan did not work as well as we anticipated. We need to move on to our secondary facility." Lotus opened one eye and tried to focus. Her lust was still liquid fire inside her, and she could feel the guard's cum oozing down her asshole. 

She wasn't wearing any underwear, and she moved her hips along the leather of the chair, feeling the slimey smooth of the cum as it slid along her skin.

"Secondary facility." The words rung in her ears, and she looked up as the screens began to blank out. Fire or ice or Marrack's staff would flash into view momentarily, before the line was cut. 

Loud and fast, they were coming. Getting ever closer to the trap the others had set. Guards began to mill about, readying themselves in the enclosed courtyard in the middle of the Centre. 

There were several wide angled cameras inside the courtyard, and Gillette transferred the images to the larger screens. There was a momentary pause, and then the guards opened fire as the three freaks charged across the courtyard, fireballs and ice shards flying across the open area, taking down guards by the dozens. 

As an alarming number began to fall, Marrack ran into a tightly formed group of guards, and barely lifted his staff in time. 

The guards opened fire and Gillette frowned as she stared at the monitor. The bullets didn't ricochet of the apparent shield, they merely hit it and dropped with a clatter to the floor as though the guards were throwing peanuts at him. 

The summoner's staff was facing them as Marrack stepped forwards slowly, pushing the shield in front of him. The bullets gave off tiny ripples in the shield, like pebbles thrown into a pond, and the summoner grinned as he clenched his right hand. 

It began to glow a sickly yellow-green, and Marrack was suddenly in their midst. The guards screamed as he moved among them, his mere touch death as his hand brought rot and ruin to their flesh. His staff moved among them as well, blasting through armour and bone alike with viscous force.

Over beyond Marrack's mayhem, Mythril and Ember felt their powers swelling and flowing, released after long years of denial. Ember's fireballs blasted over the guards, exploding bullets inside clips, and burning them alive. 

Mythril was like a force of nature, huge and terrifying. His touch would start the quick freezing of flesh and bone, and a moment later his massive form would smash the screaming ice into oblivion. 

But there were too many guards, and they began to crowd the three back into the centre of the courtyard. Marrack felt the heat and cold at his back, and began to laugh. "Well, the little boy's not exactly quick, but he's right on time." 

Jakkurlnalazz gave a quick screech as he landed on Marrack's shoulder. The demon leant in close, and Marrack held his staff up as the others stopped firing and waited for orders.

"Master, special people all dead or gone." Marrack straightened as the demon's speech chilled him. "What do you mean, dead?" Jakkurlnalazz whimpered under his anger, and shrugged helplessly. 

"Juggernaught take so long because special people moved. Can't find two, others all dead. Dead bang." Scott looked over his shoulder at his brother.

"Seeing as I can't speak demon, I'm assuming your grave face means we're fubar." Marrack looked askance at his brother and nodded slightly. 

"So the only question remaining is, what do we do now?" Marrack shrugged and eyed the surrounding guards. Kendra, her body still smoldering in her flames, looked out around them in pure hate.

"Kill 'em all." 

There was a hush as the guards quieted, and someone began to clap. "Well, well, well, if it isn't our little trio of renegades. Mr. Marrack, aren't you meant to be bringing us the little lovebirds here, chained, shackled, or otherwise killed?" 

The man standing up on the stairs high above them was impeccably dressed in a sharp suit, with a single white rose perched in the breast pocket of his shirt. His face was scarred horribly on the left-hand side.

"We seem to have gotten a little sidetracked. Ah well. Onto other things." Marrack petted Jakkurlnalazz's head and began to whisper to him. The man at the stairs frowned and turned his gloating attention to Scott and Kendra. 
