 I'm ALIVE! Ok so it has been a very long time, I sort of forgot about my stories until I received an email recently. Sooo I am just going to wing it. My writing style changed a bit and damn it I refuse to see anymore of those painful typos. Enjoy! 

-----------

Drakul stared down at the damn fool he called friend. "Wake up you damn fool, your engine is making a new sound." He said adding, with satisfaction, an angry kick to Akira's naked ass. The blonde jumped up with a start.

"Wait, what happened? Where's Bria?" Aki looked around sleepily for the dark goddess but she wasn't in bed.

"Oh so you're abandoning your first love for a new girl, I'm beginning to pity her." D said with one of his rare grins. Ever since he found out Sera wasn't actually running from him he has felt just a bit cheerier. Who knows, maybe after he has finally had his hands on her he may actually end up happy, god forbid. 

"Who? "

"Your engine"

"Oh fuck! Hold on baby daddy's coming!" he grabbed his jeans and hopped into them as he ran.

"....I do not care what anyone says, grown men should not be talking about machinery that way, even if that grown man was an engineer. 

Back in the ships engine room Akira was working franticly to cool down the engine core. Thanks to their last run in with the Lindwrym last night. The second attack since they had first met the girls. Damn it as soon as he had this baby fixed he was going to have a word with THAT woman. Four nights in a row the woman leaves his bed. He let out a stream of curses when a burst of hot steam caught his hand. Sera and Bria could hear him from the deck.

"So, tell me, have you gotten over your need to marry Akira?" Serafina asked.

"Of course not, he's trapped, he just doesn't know that yet. How about you? The flower's lost some more petals."

"Still not any better...but now my dreams are getting worse." She let out a sigh.

"Dreams? Are you having nightmares?" Bria asked with concern,

"Worse....I've been dreaming about Drakul..."Serafina's face turned crimson.

"Oh well, those are goodies. Wanna share?" Bria teased.

"NO! I mean...no thank you......"

"Boring" Just as she spoke, Akira burst out if the engine room with a slur of curses the like of which, even Bria has never heard.

"That's IT I've had it! Drakul we're making a stop!" Aki called out. 

D's head popped out from one of the cabin doors. "Where to then?

"The one place I swore I would never go again...we're going to Mesa's" With that he shut himself back into the engine room. Drakul actually burst into laughter. Not to many things made him laugh, but this was definitely one of them.

"Mesa? And who is this Mesa?" Bria asked Drakul with a twitch. 

"Aki's ex wife." He continued to laugh. 

"What?" Both girls turned to the dragon with shock.

"Apparently he married and divorced her before we met, but it's always amusing when those two cross paths again. If you want details ask him." With a grin, he turned back to his cabin room. This would also give him the chance to get some more cigs.

"Wait... Aki was married...before?" Bria stood there, trying to process what Drakul had said.

"...I'll go ask him. I think you may kill him if you do..." Sera said, while looking at her friends face. Before Bria could object, she slipped into the engine room.

Inside she could hear more of Akira's curses. She walked over to him carefully, avoiding any pipe or toolbox. 

"Yeah, what is it?" He said in a tone almost identical to Drakul's. 

"I wanted to ask you about this Mesa."

"Sera? Well I expected Bria, but not you." His tone softened a bit.

"She's a little ... numb at the moment. Would you mind telling me?"

Akira let out a sigh and sat down. "...well if you really want to know, I used to work for Mesa's father. He was a nice sorta fellow, always full of laughter. We worked on airships together."

Sera remained quiet as she listened.

"Mesa was a pretty girl, long blonde hair, bright brown eyes, and sweet deposition. What teenage boy wouldn't fall for her? It turned out she was a master at designing unique engines, which was another reason I fell for her. She and I designed this engine here."

"If you loved her so much, why did you divorce her?"

"...as soon as I married the girl, she kept trying to turn me into a respectable business man. She was never happy with the way I did things always saying I wasn't living up to my potential. We were too young to be married and we weren't right for each other at all. Unfortunately, if I can't fix this engine, only she can. I regret to say she had designed the center core without me and that's our problem here."

"So we need her to repair it, right? Will she?"

"At a price...oh lord this is not going to be a fun pit stop."

------------

It took two days to get to the seaside town of Tallinn; a pretty little port town that specialized in making airships and sea ships. They arrived at night and both men suggested waiting till morning before going to Mesa. Bria hadn't spoken to Akira yet and Drakul had been avoiding Sera due to, well, male frustration.

Sera had told Bria what Aki had told her and now all she could do was sit and wait. Bria had been depressed ever since, spending more time drinking then talking. She swore that she would find a better man then Akira Vasalini. What man had such a name anyway? She had asked her. 

Sera turned over in her bed and looked at her friend. Bria wasn't happy, but the female hunter didn't have it in her to cry out her feelings. She just drank them in and moved on. Sera wondered how she was able to do that. 

She forced herself to close her eyes and sleep. Tomorrow wasn't going to be fun for her friend or for Akira.

The little brownie waited for Serafina to go to sleep before slipping out into sight. He had been working on those dreams of hers for days now and caused the ship's engine failure to buy more time. Now he just needed to push the girl passed her limits. Let's see what dream it should be today...

Sera had spent most of the day cleaning the bastard's wounds. Why such an infuriating man affected her so much was beyond her. She had waited till he slept to care for the larger wounds, taking her time with them. At least while he slept she had the chance to really care for him. She moved to examine the wound on his chest and yelped when she was suddenly pinned down under him.

"Why is it that the only time I can bare you near me, is when you think I'm sleeping?" His face was inches from hers, his weight pressing heavily against her chest.

"Maybe because it's the only time you ever stop whining you big baby! Now get off of me." She started to squirm under him. Suddenly he pressed his lips against hers, sliding his large hands into her hair to steady her. 

Startled, she let out a loud moan. Her fingers laced into the bed sheets and pulled at them each time his lips moved against hers. He deepened the kisses, slipping his tongue into her mouth. Moaning she drank him in. One of his hands slid up her leg, pushing her dress up passed her waist. She let out several moans as his hand touched bare skin.

"I think I finally realized the best way to tame you." he whispered against her lips.

"Tame me? What am I, a puppy?" 

"More like a kitten, a feisty, hissing kitten." He said as he nipped at her lips.

She let out a louder moan and a loud gasp when his fingers found her womanhood. She arched her back up when he slid those very fingers inside of her. She whimpered and spread her legs wider. 

"Oh god! Damn you, you bastard I'm not a Cat!" she screamed out as his lips moved down her neck as his spare hand began to remove her dress.

"I figured it out now; why I'm always on edge around you. It's because I want you. I've wanted you since I first saw you."

She let out a gulp as his lips found their way onto her bare breasts. Wait, when did he do that? His fingers had been moving slowly inside this entire time and now they had increased the pace. Her body arched up again.

"I'm not the gentle type Sera, and I won't pull back." He said as he nipped at her nipple.

"You're kidding right? You gentle? OH Wait!" He had pulled his fingers out of her and spread her legs wider.

"No waiting." He began to undo his trousers. His left hand was still slippery from her juices.

She let out a moan and pulled him back down. "Please...please let me...you need to roll over." Her face was crimson; she was barely able to say the words out loud. He let out a laugh, and moved to oblige her, having her sitting up on his waist. 

"Alright then, "sister" now what?" he asked with a sly grin. 

Her skin was now as bright red as her hair. Nervously she undressed him herself. Removing his shirt, she began to trace the lines of his chest. He was a beautiful man. 

"I am enjoying this, but I will take over if you do not hurry." He said with a gruff voice.

She yelped and moved her hands to his trousers, pulling them off of him. Now she stared at his lower half. He was no small man in anyway and she gulped at the size of him. Taking a deep breath she moved to position herself above his cock, biting her lip, she pushed herself down on him, screaming out as he broke through her virginity. He let out a roar of pleasure as he lifted her up and down on him, unable to give her a chance to breathe through the pain.

She yelled out in gasps and moans as she rode him. Mixed with the hot searing pain were bursts of pure pleasure and ecstasy. Moaning loudly, he shifted her under him and pinned her down with her legs still up over his shoulders. 

"Oh god, oh god Drakul!" she screamed out.

"Sera, Sera, SERA!" He had been screaming out her name, but suddenly his voice changed. She wasn't hearing Drakul calling out to her, but Bria. She snapped awake with a gasp of air. She was dripping wet with sweat and her own cum dripped thickly between her thighs. On the back of her neck, two more petals fell. Now the Lotus spell held only six petals left.

"Holy Mother, Sera. If these are the wet dreams you've been having let me in on your secret. Damn." Bria said as she whipped some of the sweat from her brow. 

"I can't take it anymore Bria...this is killing me." She said with tears in her eyes. Bria was taken back. Tears were not something she dealt with, hers or anyone else's.

"...look Sera... I didn't bring this up because I didn't think you'd be able to do it...but there is one other way you can deal with the spell on your neck."

"WHAT? Why didn't you say anything?" Serafina glared at her friend.

"...as far as I know, the spell on your back prevents any "man" to take you, but Drakul isn't just a man. He has two forms and from what I know through the hunter's guild, a dragon is most powerful when it's in its much larger beast form." Bria said. 

"...But Drakul can't touch me."

"No, not his normal form, but as a dragon..."

"Wait...you mean I have to have...sex with a beast?" her face turned bright red.

"Either that or wait it out. I told you I didn't think you'd do it."

"NO! Wait...I'll do it."

"What; really?"

"What do I have to do..." She looked seriously at Bria. She could no longer take this. The Blood inside of her was screaming to be taken by her mate, but the protection spell was forcing her to go against her most primal need. If it meant the only way she could have her mate was in his true form then so be it.

"...first off..doing this will hurt a million times more than just losing your virginity and it will probably be worse for you since you are doing this as a virgin. Are you really sure?"

"Yes"

"Well don't say I didn't warn you." She got up and pulled out her small bag. Walking back to Sera, she sat on the girl's bed Indian style.

"First you'll need this." She pulled out a black powdery substance in a small glass vile and handed it to her.

"What is it?" Sera asked while holding it up to the light.

"Mesrax seed. It's a very large vine-like plant that gets its dinner by fucking the brains out of it before eating it alive. The seed there are its eggs so-to-speak."

Sera yelped and tossed it in the air. Bria caught it quickly. 

"Easy! This was a bitch and a half to get you know!" she put the vile back into Sera's hands. "You'll need this to get Drakul into his dragon form. I doubt he'll be willing to go along with this plan." Sera looked confused. "Mesrax seed is used when one isn't sure what they are dealing with. A lot of magical creatures can take human forms like Drakul can. This, once ingested, will force them to revert to their true form." 

"In...gested?"

"Just sprinkle a little into his food. It tastes like pepper and is harmless to normal humans."

"Ok..."

"Now that alone won't get the job done, cause even if he's a full dragon, he's still aware of what he's doing. You'll need to mix this with his drink as well." She pulled out another small vile with a light-blue tinted liquid in it. "It loses its color in liquids but not foods."

"And...what is this?"

"Ferndale nectar; It's sort of like honey without any taste. This will knock Drakul out for ten minutes. Just long enough for you to use this on yourself." She pulled out a much larger bottle filled with soft golden oil.

"On...myself?" She asked with confusion. 

"...this is called Bareli oil...actually its...well...a female Bareli's cum." Looking at Serafina's face she forced herself not to laugh. "This was a bitch-and-a-half to get, trust me, so don't you drop it!"

"But what...?" 

"You have to rub the oil on your entire body, especially inside your vagina and anus. You have to mix it with your own cum to get the full effect." Sera opened her mouth to speak but Bria held her hand up to stop her. "I know what you're going to ask. This needs to be done. The Bareli oil sends magical beasts into a sexual frenzy. Whatever is bathed in it will spend thirteen hours being fucked out of their minds. You do however have to be very careful. If you put it on before Drakul is unconscious anything with magical blood could take you instead."

"...Bria...why do you have this?"

"You wouldn't believe how many beasts are actually easier to kill while there in mating. That oil there has saved my ass a few times...unfortunately I've couple with some rather gruesome beasts because of it, but I knew what I was getting into."

Sera gulped and looked at the oil. "Ok...with this I'll be able to be sane again..."

"Define Sane?" 

TO BE CONTINUED...