 So it seems I'm on a writing spree, enjoy it while it lasts! 

-----------

The following morning, the four of them made their way into Tallinn. Akira wasn't sure how to handle either Bria or his impending reunion with his ex wife, Mesa. Serafina found herself holding back a giggle at the distressed man's face.

They walked through the town's main market and shopping districts. Friendly people greeted them while children happily played in the streets. No evil has Tallinn's shores in hundreds of years.

"...what a lovely place." Serafina said while looking around.

"...I fell in love with this place when I was a boy. It was hard for me to leave it." Akira said with a sigh. 

"Then why did you leave it?" Bria said with a hard tone.

"I didn't belong here; never did. I was a troublesome orphan with no family and only my first name to call my own. I was taken in by a metal worker named, Marco Vasalini who was in need of an apprentice."

"You never did tell me why you left." Drakul said, repeating Bria's question.

"...I don't really know why, but I just didn't belong here. I felt like if I stayed, I would one day destroy this place. Besides; staying in one place was never my strong point. Why do you think we live on a floating city?" he said with a bitter laugh.

Bria watched him as he took the lead. She found herself wishing she could make his sorrows disappear. She shook her head to break the thought. No. she needed to find a new man; one that didn't lie or keep important secrets like having ex wives.

They arrived at a large, well-kept airship hanger called "Bluebell Air". Akira gulped and glanced over at Bria. Well if he ever wanted this to work out with her, this meeting was bound to happen. He banged on the shop door.

"I'm coming, I'm coming!" A pretty voice yelled out just as the door swung open. "Welcome to Blue...bell..." The pretty woman never finished her words.

"ahhh Hello Mesa...it's been a long time." Suddenly he was slapped.

"Akira Vesalini; why the bloody hell are you here?"

"Ouch..." he rubbed his check and stretched out his jaw. "I need your help Mesa. I know I'm the last person who should come to you, but you're the only one I can go to. It's my baby's core."

"....I see....and who is this?" Mesa looked over at B.ria.

Oh crap...I have to think...say the wrong thing and I'm screwed by either of them...and not in the good way. Akira thought. "This is...This is Bria my...wife." He gulped. Bria turned to him in surprise.

"Wife? You actually married again?" Mesa said bitterly.

"Yes...Yes I did. Mesa...you and I both know the two of us weren't a good match and we were way too young."

"And your Bria is?"

"Yes." For the first time since he had met Bria, he realized she was a good match for him. She was fun, obnoxious, sexy, intolerable, and never once did she try to change him personally.

"I...see."

"Mesa please, I'll pay you whatever you wish." Drakul was about to object but was silenced by a stern look from Sera.

"Oh for heaven's sake Aki, I won't charge you!" she huffed. "Bring the ship here and I'll fix it." She looked over at Bria. "Do not make the same mistakes I did." With that she closed the door on them.

"Well...that went well." Drakul said with a laugh.

"Oh shut up." Akira growled. With that he started back towards the airship. Bria ran after him.

Sera looked at Drakul, and took a deep breath. "Um...Drakul...would you...would you like to have dinner with me...tonight?" She asked shyly.

"Hmmm?" he looked down at her, startled.

"Well?"

"Alright...but I don't really like eating at taverns." 

"That's ok! I'll...I'll make a picnic! We can find a place by the shore." She said eagerly.

"Just remember "sister", as long as that cursed mark is on your neck, I can't touch you, so please don't make it too hard." He said honestly. He liked the idea of having her all to himself tonight. He just prayed he wouldn't lose his mind from wanting her in the process.

She nodded and took hold of his arm, startling him. "Alright then! Let's go get you those awful cigarettes you like so much." He burst out laughing.

Much farther ahead of them, Bria was still chasing after Akira.

"Damn you, Aki! Wait for me." She called after him.

"What?!" he turned and faced her.

"Why did you tell your ex we were married?" she asked .

"...Because as soon as Drakul and I get this job done, You will be. Now stop asking stupid questions." He said.

"Huh? Wait, weren't you going to even ask me?"

"Like hell. You're the one that got me all tied up in this, you're going to take responsibility.

"Excuse me?"

"Oh just shut up and come on!" He took her hand rather forcefully and walked back to the ship with her by his side. Bria actually found herself blushing.

"This isn't the end of this talk you know..."

"Yeah, yeah." 

------------

Serafina had spent most of the afternoon cooking for Drakul. Despite what she intended to do, she wanted their first "date" to be nice. By the time the evening came along she had a basket packed with enough food to last a week. She packed Bria's concoctions into her cloak and prepared to get Drakul.

He waited for her on deck, smoking a cigarette. This wasn't going to be an easy night for him; he wasn't aware, however, of just how true this was. Sera greeted him at the cabin door. 

"Drakul...um...I hope you're hungry." She blushed as she held up the basket.

"Damn, woman, who do you think your feeding, an army?" He said with a laugh.

"No; no army, just a dragon." She smiled.

Oh fuck.... Maybe this wasn't a good idea. He thought to himself. Seeing her act all sweet and lovely was wearing on his control.

"Come on then." She took his arm and led him off the ship to the shoreline. "Stop your whining and do what you're told."

He nearly choked on his cig. "What the hell did you say? Oi! Woman repeat what you just said"

"You heard me!" she said giggling. For some reason she really enjoyed making him angry. Damn it she was infuriating. "Where are you taking me then?" he asked.

"You shall see!" Sera led him down the sandy shores, well passed any of the ships and ports of the town, to a small hidden cove, far out of sight from any on-lookers.

He looked around with a stunned expression. "uhhh Sera...are you sure it's wise we should be alone?"

"You don't like crowds. Come sit down with me." 

She said as she patted the sand beside her. He forced back a laugh and did what she asked. She was making this very difficult for him. For hours they spent talking. She deliberately brought out the food she had made to nibble on first. She almost regretted pulling out the main course which on his share, she added Bria's "pepper" to. It was time she broke free from this damn spell.

"You really went all out, didn't you?" he said while taking a bite, the food was truly great but this last dish held a bit too much spice. He decided he'd keep that thought to him-self. 

"Here, have some wine too." She poured him a glass and handed it to him. "It's good."

"...why do I suddenly feel like one of those children the evil witches always want to fatten up before eating?" He asked with a laugh. Taking a sip of the wine she had offered. Just as the liquid reached his insides he clutched his throat.

"Shit! Sera...what did you...?" He fell over and passed out in the sand. As he slept, his body changed, ripping free of his clothes. Within a blink of her eyes, Drakul lay before her as a very large, magnificent Dragon. 

Sera gasped in amazement. This was the first time she had seen him up close in this form, and he was stunning. She blinked again and shook the thought out of her head. She had no time to examine him. She'll save that for another time. She quickly stripped free of her clothing and pulled out the Bareli oil and began pouring it over her naked body. The oil felt warm and tingly as she rubbed it into her breast and thighs. Moaning, she poured the oil over her pussy and ass, filling her hands with the liquid and rubbing it inside of her. She gasped as her fingers slid inside both holes, pushing the oil deep inside of her.

"Oh god...Drakul...please let this work!" she said in-between gasps. Taking what was left of the bottle, she proceeded in fucking herself with it. Forcing its way passed her virgin wall. She bit back a scream. She let out a gasping moan as she brought herself to a painful climax, mixing the oil with her cum. She struggled to move, pulling the bottle out of her and then pushing it into her ass. Small gasps of pained-pleasure broke free from her lips. She was determined to get every last drop of oil inside of her.

Just as she was about to force another climax out of herself, large yellow eyes snapped open and a gush of hot air blew out of its nostrils. Drakul watched in a dazed stupor, his woman taking herself before him. He breathed in the scent of the Bareli oil and all rational thought was lost. 

Serafina screamed out when a large claw grabbed hold of her ankle, pulling her towards him. Before she could move to a better position, Drakul picked her up from her leg and spread her legs wide. She yelped when she realized she was hanging upside down. She looked down and stared at the largest cock she had ever seen. The thing stood at nearly 4 feet high and 3 feet wide. Before she had the chance to figure out how the hell that thing was going to fit inside of her, Drakul's long forked tongue slid its way inside of her pussy. She screamed out in pain as his tongue ruthlessly fucked her. With each thrust, he pushed his way further and further inside of her, filling her. As he did this, the Lotus spell on the back of her neck began to glow a bright angry red. Pain pierced her head as pleasure filled her cunt. 

She screamed out when he brought her to a climax, shattering the spell completely. When the spell broke, two strips of sunrise gold scales formed on her back. Unfortunately, that didn't end things. The dragon pulled her out of him, its mouth dripping with her cum. She moaned as the dragon put her on all fours beneath him and without hesitating, mounted her from behind. She screamed out as the dragons cock pushed its way up her ass, spreading her wide. She didn't know it, but only the dragon's head had managed to fit its way inside of her. He then proceeded to pick her up, forcing her to sit on him, pushing it deeper inside.

She let out blood curtailing screams as Drakul fucked her. The dragon let out a yell of triumph as her own body's cum slid down his member. Despite the pain, wave after wave of pleasure hit her. Mixed with her screams were gasps of pleasure. Drakul continued to fuck her ass for nearly two hours. At this point, Sera had actually lost consciousness. The dragon lifted her up and pushed his cock inside of her pussy now. Sera's eyes snapped open as she let out yet another scream.

"Oh god!" pain and pleasure pierced through her yet again. She moaned and leaned back against her dragon's chest. "Dra...Drak...Drakul!" She screamed out as yet another climax hit her. Over and over again she came, part of her was begging for more, a part of her begged for it to stop. Suddenly Drakul's cock stiffened and the dragon sent out a piercing roar. He moved in and out of her in an alarming rate and just as the dragon pushed its member in further than ever before, it's own cum burst inside of her; on her back, two small dragon wings burst out at the same time. She didn't even have enough time to focus on them before the Dragon began it all over again.

------------

By morning, Drakul woke up covered in sweat and aching all over. What the hell happened? Moaning, he managed to shift his body and all thoughts when out of his head. There, lying beside him was a very naked, very beautiful Serafina. Oh god what did he do! If he had hurt her... She shifted and curled up into his arms. 

"...Sera...Serafina wake up." He whispered.

"Mmmm?" she turned to him and slowly opened her eyes. 

"What the hell happened yesterday? Why am I naked? Why are you naked? And why do I feel like I need to drink the sea in order to replenish myself?" He glared at her.

Grinning, she smiled and turned her back to him, pulling her hair out of the way. The first thing he saw was the lotus spell was gone. The second were the scales on her back. He traced the scales with his fingers and she giggled.

"How...?"

"I...took the initiative." She blushed.

"...you...you're father...he must have been..."

"My father? What's wrong Drakul?"

"You're father must have been a dragon." He whispered.

"What? Really!?" she turned to look at him.

"You have dragon wings...those only appear when a parent was a dragon..."

She let free a dazzling smile. "If that is true, he must still be alive somewhere!"

"Why do you say that?" he asked.

"Because...if he was just barely half as strong as you, there' no way he's be dead!" she laughed and threw her arms around him. "Drakul...will you help me find him? After you finish this job?" she asked.

"...If he's still alive, we'll find him." He whispered to her. He knew, however, that the chances of her father still living were far less likely then she knew. If he wasn't aware of his daughter's existence...there would be no way that he could survive without his mate. And if he did know about her...the only thing that would keep him from her was if he couldn't come.

Something was definitely very wrong here...