 Delicate chimes alerted the young female to the impending drop.

Light flared around her as the small ship woke. Displays gave atmospheric information surrounding the drop zone. A live holographic representation of her site bloomed before her eyes. The Station had chosen a location ringed by tall flora, well away from any of the indigenous inhabitants but not too far away so that their impact could be inspected. She reached for the display. Everything was just so tall, she thought to herself. 

She smiled, still not believing she was here. Still not believing that she was chosen. Her heart raced in the silent confine of her ship. She knew that outside, in the Station, the crew would be boisterous. Calling to each other as they finished their final checks on each ship. Laughing and joking with one another as the ships were sanitized before launch. Years of research and planning had culminated into this moment. A very, very small part of her wished she could join in the celebrations but only a small part. Nothing could compare with what she was about to do.

"H'plita," Station intoned. Its voice was carefully modulated. "Optimal drop time in one minute. All of your vitals are perfectly within required parameters."

The young female grinned. "I'm ready, Station." She could barely keep herself contained. 

"Sun fall is in thirty minutes, local time. All equipment report operational status." There was a pause and the ship shifted. "All personnel are clear. Release in ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two-"

The final count was lost to H'plita. The universe roared around her.

Displays changed to mark her course. If she'd cared to look, she'd see exactly how much time was left until she touched down. She could see exactly where she'd be landing. She'd know wind speed, temperature, percentages of oxygen, argon, nitrogen and more.

If she cared to look.

H'plita screamed in pure joy. Her eyes locked to the main display. The planet below grew to fill the screen, edging out the surrounding stars and the edge of its solitary moon. The young woman gripped the webbing around her, kicking her feet as she entered the upper atmosphere. She laughed and shouted as the ship fell. Countless instruments gave information regarding solid fuel consumption as the ship made small adjustments to stay on course.

Station provided another countdown as her ship neared its landing zone. H'plita continued to ignore it until a sudden jerking motion pulled her tight against her restraints. The ship hovered and then gently lowered itself until it touched down. The temperature spiked around her ship as excess heat from the entry was shunted off into the surrounding atmosphere. She watched the gauges, grinning and hiding an occasional giggle behind a gloved hand. She nearly felt drunk with excitement but she knew she needed to calm down if she were to complete the mission.

"Station. Open, please." H'plita said.

Above and around her, the thick canopy cockpit split into three sections, unfolding into the ship. Numerous clicks filled the air as her restraints pulled away from her. She pulled her gloves off, tossing them into the floor below.

The world was utterly silent around her. Animals had fled at her approach. The air wavered around her ship as it cooled. H'plita pushed herself into a standing position and then closed her eyes to take in a deep breath. The air tasted sweeter than her own world. Clear. There was more moisture here than at home and she thought she could almost drink the air. Panels pulled away from the side of her ship, revealing rungs for her to climb down. 

The young woman wasted no time racing down the ladder. Although Station had adjusted its gravity to match the planet's gravity, she could still feel a difference. She'd spent nearly thirty years on her home world. Born and raised there until over 3 years ago. She felt like she could run and leap over the ridiculously tall trees the planet offered. It was to be expected. Unfettered by the harsher gravity of her home planet, this world grew everything taller and left her feeling like a leaf floating in the wind.

"H'plita," Station whispered in her ear. "Please do not forget your mission. You've left your equipment in the ship and I need to seal it behind you."

"Yes, Station," H'plita grinned. She climbed up to retrieve her backpack and then back down again. Station closed the ship's canopy as soon as she was on the ground. 

The sun lay low on the horizon, casting deep red along the horizon. H'plita's vertically slit eyes expanded to take in the light and she grinned at it. She couldn't help smiling at everything around her. The chance to be on ground was incredible. She'd gone through so much testing, psychological and physical in order to be where she was. Her strong flat teeth ground together as she remembered some of the harsher tests but the thoughts were quickly replaced by the tasks at hand. 

A lone, brave animal whistled at her nearby. "Station?" H'plita asked.

"A simple winged creature. It is of no threat."

The young woman nodded and continued her work, sampling the environment. She wore protective armor, not quite military grade but more than capable based on research. The primary intelligent species had not yet advanced enough in metallurgy to be a threat. Best guesses based on predictive models and analysis of the planet, they wouldn't even learn to mix basic metals for at least 5,000 years local time. 

The sun fell as she worked but Station flooded the area with her ship's lights. The few brave animals that had returned suddenly fled again. 

"Thirty-six minutes until mission end," Station whispered.

"I'll be done in ten," the young woman answered. She reached a four-fingered hand to pluck a nearly purple fruit from a squat tree.

"A gathering of the primary species is occurring 5.23 kilometers from here."

H'plita paused. "Did they see the landing?"

"Unlikely. The approach was calculated to prevent this from happening. It may be coincidence but I will continue to watch." An array of geosynchronous satellites kept watch over the entire planet. The eyes of Station.

Small bugs flocked to the ship's lights, casting tiny shadows as they hovered and danced around. It'd taken the biologists over a year to run tests on the various animals brought back by small probes. Tests designed to look for possible complications due to incompatibilities between their different species. Extrapolated results from the samples they had, knowing that there were billions of other animals unaccounted for. However, the planet was chosen because of how similar it was to her home world and the gene therapy required to bridge the biological differences was surprisingly minimal.

The young woman continued to work, gritting her flat teeth to resist the urge to swat at the biting insects. Half of the mission was collecting an array of samples for the other scientists onboard Station. The other half would be H'plita herself. She'd be subjected to an enormous amount of testing when she returned. Actual contact with the primary species was decades away but they needed to know what effect standing on the planet would have for her people. She was part of the very first group and would likely be in the second group a year from now.

Finally, H'plita stood, her full pack barely weighing her down in the local gravity. "I'm done, Station. Open up." She approached her ship, waiting patiently as sensors scanned over her, picking up her genetic markers as keys for entry. When the cockpit sealed, it closed the ship off completely. Her earpiece was similar coded only for her and allowed the ship to bypass standard security checks to relay information. But, due to the nature of the mission, everything else was locked down tightly. No compromises allowed.

The canopy unfolded and H'plita carefully placed her pack into the proper place. Once finished, she lowered herself back down to the ground. "How much longer until I'm required to leave, Station?"

"Twenty-four minutes, forty-three seconds," the voice answered. "However, I highly recommend leaving now. The primary species is moving. Their intentions are unclear but it does not fit recent patterns."

The woman frowned. "Are they coming this way?"

"No," Station replied. "They're moving east and spreading out. They have smaller tame animals with them. They're looking for something or someone but not in our direction. Still, precaution is wise. All ships with the exception of yours and Sh'sel have returned."

H'plita looked around, her eyes dilating as she stared away into the darkness. She'd kept herself within the defined area but with less than thirty minutes left, she felt the urge to explore again. Even though she was in the first group to touch down, there was always the chance they may not let her come down again. Full contact with the primary species may not even happen while she was still alive. It took a huge amount of time to run the simulations required to fully map out the psychological responses from the various separate tribes as well as the long term impact of contact. Her people were in no hurry and would get no second chances if something went wrong. 

"I'll just be a moment, Station," H'plita said. The canopy hissed shut behind her as she turned away. She closed her eyes, calling a mental image of the localized map. They'd followed their own planet's rules, setting east as the direction in which the sun came over the horizon in the morning and west as the direction it set. Water surrounded her designated area on three sides but the sea was far in the distance. Mountains and rivers lined the horizon to the west.

She walked through the trees for a distance, her short strides purposeful. She knew there would be a large river once she was past the trees but-

Fine hairs stood along her back and shoulders. Subtle differences in pressure and the quality of noises signaled a change in her environment. A change her body didn't like. H'plita paused, turning her head slowly to try to catch whatever sounds she could with her delicate ears. She reflexively sniffed at the air before mentally chastising herself. Her long nose lay nearly flat on her face, nostril flaps flaring several times before lying still, sealing her nose completely. Of course you won't smell anything. This isn't even your world. And you're not some-

"H'plita," hissed Station in her ear. "Ship sensors are picking up a large, previously unidentified life form less than 8 meters to your left. The signal and life signs are faint and it is nearly impossible to keep a lock on it, even though it's not moving. We've never seen anything like it and its effect on our equipment is troubling. I fully recommend-"

Station's words faded away.

Eyes.

Eyes watching her through the trees. The planet's moon shined off of them and they were nearly luminescent in the silvery light. She'd heard nothing of its approach even though loose sticks from the trees lined the ground.

Heart hammering in her chest, H'plita froze. She remembered her training. The briefings. The gravity of her home world was nearly 70% higher than this planet. Studies based on scans from the primary species showed that her kind were faster and stronger due to this difference. Only a few recorded species of animal life were faster and none of them were in her area. But, Station wasn't aware of whatever this thing was and that was terrifying.

H'plita stepped carefully backward, her eyes not moving. The other creature blinked but didn't move. She couldn't make out its shape. The moon provided strong light but the trees hid everything in shadows. Her gray eyes dilated further, pulling in as much light as they could. She could see a vague brutish outline and knew even from that that it was huge. She took another careful step back.

The creature stood. H'plita thought it was already large until it unfolded. It had to be over 2 meters tall. Over half a meter taller than she was. The young woman swallowed. The chill from her neck and shoulders washed over her bare scalp. 

She turned and ran. The response from the animal was immediate; it crashed through the trees behind her. Her armor should protect her but her head was bare. If she was caught, she'd most likely die. It was clearly a predator. H'plita fumbled with a small part of her leg armor until a small black box came free in her hand. The little device hummed with energy. She looked back to judge the distance.

It was already there and it was a nightmare. Long arms reached for her and, with a shriek, H'plita twisted, throwing the small device. Light flared as the small black box struck the animal in its midsection. A part of her, the peaceful, civilized part of her, hoped it wouldn't hurt the animal too bad. A smaller voice from thousands of years before her civilization started down the path towards non-aggression fervently wished it would die. 

The animal didn't even slow as its claws swiped through H'plita's upper arm. Sparks showered the night air as the armor's hardened alloy tore. She felt pain lance through her arm and up her neck but was thankful that it was no worse. The blow caused her to stumble and she fell but years of defensive training and a surge of adrenaline brought her into a graceful roll that ended with her back on her feet. The nightmare behind her crashed into a thick tree, giving her a moment's advantage. It roared as her thick muscles pushed her quickly through the forest. 

"H'plita, the animal's cry has ... nearby tribe. They're... way... I..." Station's voice crackled and died in her ear. H'plita ground her teeth in frustration and pain. Her arm felt like it was on fire. Briefly, she wondered if the thing was poisonous. She didn't doubt that the adrenaline and exertion would force the poison quickly through her body if so. She just had to reach her ship. The doctors on Station could synthesize a cure.

Behind her, the creature had regained its footing and gave chase. It had been surprised that its prey hadn't fallen from its strike and that had thrown it off balance. It wouldn't make the same mistake again. A low growl escaped from its lips. The scent of blood was heavy in the air. Prey. Its ears flicked back against its head as it ran, falling to all fours to gain speed.

H'plita's heart burned in her chest. She'd kept in shape on Station as required but never like this. She'd never felt real fear. Never as an adult. Never with the fear of death looming over her shoulder. She gasped in pain and frustration as the lit clearing came closer. Just a bit more, she thought frantically. Just a bit more.

A meter away from the clearing, an instinct forced H'plita to duck. The animal sailed over her, snarling as it raked at her back. The young woman screamed in pain as, again, it shredded her armor. It landed heavily in front of her and she had a moment to stare. It was biped and huge. Thick black fur covered it completely from head to foot. A long, bushy black tail thrashed behind it. The creature threw its head back into a roar, clawed hands wide. Challenging.

The creature stopped at a loud warning sound from H'plita's ship. A dome near the rear of the ship swiveled to turn a flashing red light toward the animal. The creature crouched low, facing the large ship, sniffing at it in puzzlement. The ship's alarm began beeping steadily until the fifth tone. When the creature didn't move outside of the lit area, a small, simple popping sound came from the dome. The creature fell immediately fell to its side, unmoving.

H'plita sighed in relief. She lay on her belly at the edge of the clearing. Pain coursed through her left arm and back, shooting down to her feet. She pulled herself forward and then up, swaying as she stood.

"Station," H'plita called. "I need a medical team standing-"

A loud warning sounded from the ship. H'plita stopped, her mouth open in shock. "Station!" she yelled out. "It's... it's me! H'plita! What-!"

Again, the dome at the rear of the ship swiveled until its red light was facing her. She watched in horror as a steady beeping sounded from the turret. The young woman stumbled backward and the sound cut off mid-beep.

"Station," she gasped from outside the clearing. "Station it's me! Why aren't you-"

Pain lanced from H'plita's left arm and she turned to look at it. The smooth skin of her middle finger was tearing, pale red blood leaking away from the wound. Something moved within her finger and she watched as a thick black bone-like shape pushed through the cut in her finger. Her hand shook and cramped as muscles shifted to adapt to new bones growing in her hand. A razor sharp black point pushed through the smooth skin of her inward finger until a second growth joined the first. 

Claws, she thought, remembering the beast that had slashed through her armor. It had claws just like this. But, that's impossible. That's...

A third claw tore through her outward finger and she gripped her left wrist to stead the hand, gasping through compressed lips against the pain. Before the third claw finished, a fourth sliced open her sideward finger.

It hit her then. The thing had infected her with something. Her earpiece was keyed to her genetic code and it began cutting out after it had cut into her. And her ship had warned her off because it didn't recognize her anymore. It was changing her. Its poison had infected her and was changing her on a genetic level. 

"No," she said, out loud. "No. This can't. Nothing here can do this. They checked. They checked they checked they checked-"

A crawling sensation along the back of her hand made her look down. Small hairs pushed through her skin. Her people had trace bits of her along their shoulders and neck and sometimes their scalp but she'd never seen anything like this. They'd been effectively hairless since their recorded history. Now, as she watched silver hairs grew from the back of her hands and around her wrist. A similar sensation rolled along her back near where the creature had slashed at her and she moaned, shivering at the sensation.

H'plita leaned forward, clawed left hand digging into the cool earth. Her stomach heaved and she vomited. Her throat and chest burned but she wasn't entirely sure it was because of the vomit. Black claws burst forth from her right hand, pushing into the dark dirt. Hairs grew along the smooth flesh of her right hand and down to her wrist, thickening until the back of her hand was completely covered. She knelt and looked at herself, breathing rapidly. The dark skin around the edge of the palm of her hand darkened further into pure black. The skin cracked and puffed out away from her palm. She'd seen the same growth on private animals at the observatories on her home world. On animals.

The light in the clearing suddenly cut off and the ensuing darkness was near complete. H'plita blinked at the sudden lack of light. The ship is leaving, her mind whispered to her. Sweat poured from above her eyes and she moaned as her armor constricted around her. Her nostril flaps flared and rich scents flooded her senses. She could smell blood in her vomit and along her body. The earth gave off a pungent odor that did nothing to hide the smell of small animals. Her jaw ached. Running her long tongue along her teeth, she felt gaps near the front of her mouth. And tasted blood. She moaned at the taste of it and the sound came out deeper than it should have. 

A growl. 

Sharp points pressed through her gum line, pricking at her tongue. Three sharp points pushed out and, as she tested them, two more of her teeth cracked and fell out by the roots. More blood filled her mouth and she swallowed before she could stop herself. H'plita gagged at the rich, copper taste but it filled her with a sense of... something that she'd never felt before. She closed her eyes as her tongue licked around her lips, cleaning herself of the blood that had dripped from her mouth.
