 Mornings in the Vaem Tower were peaceful for some and not for others. It depended on one's status in the great hierarchy of the Matriarchal system that has been in place for millennia. 

The first to wake were the Treated slaves, leaving their sleeping stations and getting to work in cleaning and preparing the tower for another efficient day. The special collars they wore as their status as one of the Treated, and as such harmless, allowed them to enter many of the otherwise off-limits areas such as the prison cells and breeding labs. 

Their loyalty was unquestionable. Their minds had been made to love and adore their masters, fulfilling their duties with a passion. 

Next woke the warriors who did preliminary sweeps of each and every floor lest one of the slaves had accidentally released prisoners, took something they shouldn't have or for intruders. It wasn't uncommon for the warriors to enjoy themselves to the slaves once everything was clear, emptying their balls and removing the distracting arousal. 

All of this happened before the sun reached halfway to its zenith. Now woke the workers, scientists and other personnel that served the Vaem Matriarchy. Celine was one of them but she had another destination today other than Breeding Lab 4.

She awoke in her spacious bed as she always did, her toy already up and out of bed to prepare breakfast for her. Like always, Slut made an exquisite and nourishing breakfast right to Celine's specifications. After all, she pumped her little brain full of her favourite recipes during the Treatment. 

Slut awaited her arrival to the breakfast table in a nude and aroused state, long cock bouncing to her heartbeat as she watched her mistress take a seat while reading the Vaem News report. 

Celine ignored her slave's arousal like she always did, knowing Slut never had any negative emotions about her no matter what she did. She didn't abuse her, of course. That was against the law. No, she sometimes left Slut in a state of arousal for hours because she loved to have those big balls of hers build up as much semen as possible. 

Nothing beat a fresh warm mug of semen before sleep. 

Today she had to hurry and didn't know how long she'll be away so she looked to Slut and extended her mug to her. 

Slut didn't need any prompting to grab the mug and start stroking herself into it. 

Celine went back to reading the news, unsurprised to see that the return of the Vaem Matriarch made the front page. Celine herself was somewhat relieved out of a sense of being her daughter but mother had created a small nation of her daughters and it was impossible to be a loving mother to all of them.

The young scientist cared more about her older sister that raised her in the nurseries and took care of her as she grew up. Celine hadn't seen her sire in person until she was ten and listened to a speech for the new scientist-inclined daughters.

The Vaem Matriarch gave a small heart-felt speech to all her daughters that she was back and that the Matriarchy shall last forever. Celine could barely refrain from snorting and set the pad onto the table, looking to Slut who was looking on the edge of orgasm already.

"Hurry up, Slut. I have places to be." She said almost tersely and Slut blushed in shame to not have already cum for her. Celine grabbed her heavy pouch that bounced gently from the rapid stroking and she gave them a firm squeeze that had the Treated girl cumming instantly into the mug.

Celine was pleased with her sex slave as she'd managed to earn the right of breaking this bitch in. She was one of the warrior caste who are known for big packages and looking like absolutely tasty pieces of meat. She wouldn't hear the end of it from Vayna when she told her. 

Slut finished her orgasm after a long minute of pumping a hearty amount of cum into the mug, handing it over with a shaky hand. Celine took it and gulped it all down, savouring the taste of fresh salty and warm seed going down her throat. 

She also took a few bites of food and swiftly got up. "Slut, I expect this place spotless by the time I get back."

"Yes, mistress." Slut eagerly nodded, her big eyes dilated from pleasure and desire to serve as best she can.

Celine smiled and gave the throbbing but spent cock a stroke to make Slut let out a happy squeal before leaving the flat. Out the door, before her spread out the curved glass wall that allowed her to see the other grand towers of glass and golden steel. rising high into the sky. Each one a self-contained Matriarchy with its own great Matriarch at the head.

The young scientist didn't crave seeing other places, feeling content in serving in the Vaem Matriarchy and making herself more influential even though her status as a scientist makes it hard to do so. She hoped her assignment for the Matriarch will nurture her otherwise nonexistent relationship with the potent woman.

Her plump lips curved into a smile as she walked down the curved hallway, passing by other flats of her caste and joining the morning commute. All of them were nearly identical, the women, in height, gender and faces as the Matriarch's seed overwrites the majority of the genes of the impregnated female. It is thanks to scientists like Celine working in the Breeding Labs that allow the wide breadth of castes available, manipulating the Veridea seed and wombs they impregnate.

The near identical appearance unites the thousands of daughters under the Matriarch and Celine never had issues recognising her fellow sisters. Even if they were of the same Breeder. Celine wished she could see Breeder 54, the fabled woman she's been told was her birth mother. The woman she owed her extreme intellect and talent.

The hallway was filled with chatter, murmur and talk between the many sisters as they waited for the lifts to take them to their respective workstation. The entire floor had flats for the scientifically-inclined daughters with a local guard post.

Their guardians always had a smug expression on their beautiful faces as they looked upon their weaker and shorter sisters. They also reserved the right of fucking any and all dissidents on this floor. It rarely happened and Celine couldn't help but be inwardly smug as she knew the warriors lusted after their sisters and couldn't touch them because they were well-mannered.

Two of said guardians flanked the many lifts, their armored bodysuits gleaming in the morning light and large pistols on their hips. They looked positively bored as they scanned over the little over a hundred women waiting their turn on the lifts.

"I still can't believe you're leaving us, Celine." She heard her friend murmur almost sadly. She turned back to her companion and squeezed her hand reassuringly while giving her a soft smile. 

"I'm not leaving permanently. We will still see each other here, right?"

Her friend, Vivo, nodded but didn't seem placated. "Until she steals you away. How are we going to work without you? You're the best in all of the Matriarchy!"

Celine was saved from responding when a firm hand was placed on her shoulder and she turned around to see the platinum-plated guard. One of Mother's personal guard. She towered over her much like the Matriarch herself and Celine stifled the reflex of being utterly submissive.

"Celine?" The tall sister asked, her voice soft and hardly aggressive like Celine expected.

"Yes?"

"I'm here to escort you to Mother's personal quarters. Come with me."

Celine obeyed with not much question, keenly aware of the sight this has made among her fellow sisters who looked at her with curiosity, thinly-veiled envy and some with impotent rage. The young scientist wasn't sure how to feel about the sudden fame she's gotten from Mother's attention but she knew it kinda felt good.

She refrained from preening under the attention as she followed the statuesque amazon of her sister and entered the lift which quickly sent them to the uppermost floors.

The woman expected her sister to be quiet as they made their way up and let out a gasp when she spoke again.

"I've read your work. Impressive." The guardian said, her golden gaze unyielding on her smaller sibling who was meek and arousingly submissive.

Celine hadn't expected that anybody outside her little circle of two hundred or so scientists even bothered reading her extensive work on the Treatment. Most certainly not one of her big sisters that should care more about fucking and fighting than anything else.

"You did?" She asked uncertainly, turning towards her sister but reflexively avoiding eye-contact. This is how she was bred and brought up. Never look at your superiors in the eyes.

"Mhm." Hummed the taller veridea. The throaty hum made Celine bite her lip. Deep down she was a sucker for the big and powerful and this sister was no different. She was, in fact, even better as she was one of Mother's personal guard. The primest specimen of veridea breeding. "Mother wasn't even aware you were the reason why Breeding Lab 4 was so effective. Not until I told her about you."

This had Celine looking up, a smile on her face. "Really?"

The amazon's face was smiling while her big eyes were focused on her face. The intense stare made Celine involuntarily blush but she fought the urge to look away. She wanted to know why she'd thought her worth paying attention to.

"Why?"

Her big sister shrugged, the smile still present, and the lift smoothly stopped at the last lift-accessible floor of the Vaem Tower. There were more floors past this and all of them were part of Mother's personal domain. Just under was the Court where Mother held audiences with dignitaries of other Matriarchies or influential daughters.

Celine had never been to the lavish and legendary room, only able to see it once in an educational video on how the Matriarchy worked. That was when she was ten.

The lift's doors sighed open and Celine was greeted with a lavish hallway with immaculate busts lining the walls in their dedicated alcoves. The walls were a warm beige with red lining and a narrow red carpet leading further in.

She was so awed by the lavishness of it that she failed to notice that her escort had stepped out of the lift. "Come one, darling. We mustn't keep Mother waiting."

The mention of Mother had Celine focusing back again and rushed out to walk beside the long-legged warrior. The busts were all of veridea women and, by the writing beneath them, she knew they were the faces of Mother's lineage before she established her own matriarchy.

They passed a spacious and expansive chamber where Mother had personal concerts and plays played for her and ascended the first floor of Mother's multi-floor mansion. At the landing was where she saw more of Mother's personal guard, the god-like women bred and trained to protect their matriarch with utmost efficiency. Their silent stares cowed her, making her stare at the carpeted floor and followed the long legs beside her.

She felt those stares on her back even after they rounded the corner to ascend a next section of stairs, going up yet another floor. "Mother is currently with Breeder 104. I'm sure you're used to the sight of breeding?"

Celine could tell the older woman was smiling as she spoke and she nodded and momentarily had the thought of adding a lewd comment. "Breeder 104..."

She then gasped in realisation. "Your mother?"

The amazon nodded with a smile and they reached Mother's personal breeding pens. It wasn't unknown that Mother had some of her most favourite breeding sows in their own personal rooms and Celine felt honored, as a scientist dedicated to breeding, to get to see even one of those pens.

Celine couldn't help but hear the pleasured moans and coming while they were going up the stairs.

The floor was incredibly spacious in a massive chamber sectioned off like a honeycomb at the outer edges while the center had a working fountain bubbling quietly. Around it were copious amounts of plants in breathtaking colours of purple, pink, green and red. And amidst this foliage Celine spotted the lustful bodies of yellow and many other colours.

Women of many species, nude and well-fed, either lounged or were in the thrall of being fucked by Mother's personal guard and Celine couldn't help but stare while her escort chuckled beside her.

"Oh and this. As you surely know, the Treatment has made them insatiable whores."

Celine knew perfectly well what the Treatment did to females, turning them into wanton whores who couldn't think much past worshipping a cock and having a baby stuffed in their womb. The she turned hopeful as she looked around to possibly spot Breeder 54, her mother.

"Come." Said the guardian and led her through the orgy. The free breeders waved and shot them both lustful looks and begs to breed them and by the time Celine was facing the door to Breeder 104's room, she was rock-hard. She hardly expected to be meeting Mother for a business meeting in the breeding pens. Not that she minded the sights, smells and sounds.

The door opened and she stepped in, her hand in front of her to cover up the tenting of her tight bodysuit, flushed and wide-eyed as she entered into a well-decorated bedroom with a vast bed in the back. The sounds of the orgy outside were somewhat muffled and were replaced with the wet slapping of sweaty bodies and happy moans as Mother pounded away at the laying female. The intense scent of sweat and cum hit Celine's nose and she realised Mother has been going at her breeding sow for a while now.

Mother's libido was legendary and Celine got to see it first hand when she fucked that effeminate male she brought with her. Celine wondered what happened to him...

Mother let out a cry and Celine watched those heavy and potent balls lift up and empty once more. A quiet and desperate moan left Celine as she found herself craving that cock, that bountiful seed, despite herself.

She didn't go unnoticed as Mother turned her head around to look over her firm shoulder, eyes locking on her aroused and breathless face. Celine felt a ball form in her throat and it got harder to breathe as fear struck her like a sledgehammer. Her mouth snapped shut and she averted her eyes to the blue carpet floor.

Mother's feet were still visible in her upper peripheral vision and she heard Breeder 104 mewled happily as Mother no doubt pulled out and got off the bed. Celine's vision was once again filled with magnificent veridea cock, this time it glistening with juices and fresh cum. She would've gotten on her knees and got to work in cleaning it as her instincts told her but she kept still.

"Celine," purred Mother, her tone a bit breathless and very husky with latent arousal. "Very good that you have come."

It was more pleasantry than anything else, her words, as the Matriarch was undeniable. Celine had no choice in coming here. Not that the young scientist minded it. Much.

Celine gave a deep bow, coming so close to Mother's cock that she could smell the heavenly scent of prime breeding seed and the inherent musk that forever permeates the wild brush that surrounds Mother's cock. It was intoxicating and it was hard to pull away, but she managed at the last second. She nearly succumbed to it.

"I am here to serve." She said, raising her eyes to settle on those firm and bountiful breasts that had been made that way through generations of selective breeding. Mother came from a long line of potent matriarchs and she was just one among many. Celine's mind was boggled at the thought of seeing more than one Matriarch in a single room.

A firm and strong hand was placed on her shoulder and she was turned around, guided by it towards the door. "Very good. Come, these breeding sows have no use in hearing about what we have to talk about."

Celine nodded and was led back into the orgy. The guards hailed her when they saw her and she nodded back at them with a fond smile. The young scientist beside her was surprised Mother allowed anyone to mate with her breeding sows.

She had to ask...

"Mother, may I ask a question?"

"You may."

"Why do you allow your finest daughters to mate with your breeding sows?" She blushed as she finished the question in shame, angry at herself for letting her curiosity get the better of her.

Mother chuckled, a deep and husky sound that sent trembles up Celine's spine. She liked the way she sounded.

"I see why Nevera immediately took a liking to you. You're simply adorable." Mother complimented and Celine looked up to see she was looking at her with a pleased smile. She smiled back while her blush continued to rage. Like all of Mother's daughters, she was besotted with the Matriarch deep down on the genetic level. Every daughter was born to please their great mother.

"As to your question, you very much know that the Treatment usually turns people into insatiable nymphomaniacs. I cannot spend all of my days satisfying the three dozen Breeders, now can I?"

Celine nodded. She thought so when Nevera told her when they first entered the breeding pens but she needed to hear it from Mother's own mouth.

"As such, I have my lovely prime daughters to satisfy them for me." Celine nodded again in understanding as they went down the stairs where a couple of armored guardians waited, bowing to their Mother.

"Now, for the reason you've been brought here." Mother then began, leading the way down the long hallway up to a set of double doors. They slid open at her presence and showed her private office which had one whole wall made out of glass to show outside and let in the late morning sun in. A large and, Celene thought, ominous desk sat nearly in the center with all of the trappings of a ruler's personal study.

One thing Celine didn't expect was a chained flat-chested pink female near the desk, on her knees on a pillow and looking bored out of her mind. Her pink hair wasn't strange to see and Celine thought it suited her.

She perked up upon seeing Mother enter and her gold-speckled eyes immediately latched onto the bobbing set of cock and balls Mother had out in the open as she walked in nude. Celine could swear she saw her drool.

"You're the finest Treatment specialist in all of the breeding labs. And I have a personal project in mind." She said, ignoring the lusty-looking short female on her pillow and went around the other side to take her seat. Celine approached slowly, still amazed to be let into this place out of all her sisters, and gently took a seat in front of the desk.

The young veridea couldn't help but glance at the top of the pink-haired female's head as it poked out over the desk.

"It is time that males are 'integrated' into veridea society." Mother began, prompting a raising of both eyebrows from her daughter.

"Integrated, mother?"

"Yes. They are not breedable, not fit to breed our breeders and look disgusting with their hair and unshapely bodies. I intend to change that. This pretty little thing has inspired me." Mother answered, gesturing towards the flat-chested female, making Celine even more confused.

"I'm not sure what you mean. Isn't that a female?" She asked, looking back to the pink-haired slave.

Mother didn't say and instead used the translator to speak to the slave who perked up at hearing their own language. She got up immediately, giving Celine a good look at her wide hips and shapely body that was otherwise marred by a flat chest. Mother said something else then and the girl moved around to the front of the desk, revealing a flaccid and considerable cock was hanging between her legs.

He seemed to preen under her gaze despite the situation and she wondered if he'd been treated. As if Mother read her mind, she answered.

"He has not been treated, no. He is a wanton whore right down to the genetic level. Males such as him could have a use in our society, don't you think?"
