 The Gala of Unity took place in the Tower of Unity, a superstructure in the southern hemisphere of the planet. It was so massive and tall that it could be easily seen from space like a monument to all of Veridea as a species.

The event itself that happens every ten years was hosted in the biggest chamber inside of the tower near the very top with the outer walls of the place made out of impenetrable glass to show the clouds and blue sky. In the center stood a twenty-foot statue of a nude veridea gazing down at all of her children, the first veridea.

Nevera drew her eyes away from it as she sipped at her dark blue wine and gazed out onto the thousands of godlike forms mingling. There were hundreds of matriarchs and their invited guests attending, the powerful and divine mothers looking splendid in their formal attires.

Clothing wasn't optional but explicit nudity wasn't banned either, and Nevera's gaze never failed not to spot an indecent matriarch. They couldn't walk around fully nude and many instead dressed themselves in lots of decadent jewelry that did little to hide their perfect breasts or their large balls and cocks that frequently glistened with rings and jewels.

She'd lost sight of her mother, the matriarch having gone to mingle with Celine in tow, and she couldn't follow. The blue rope she stood right beside was as effective as steel bars in keeping her from entering the gala proper. Instead she was relegated to a dedicated section for the personal guard the matriarchs brought with them.

"How long do you think she can hold it?" She heard someone ask and she looked over her bare shoulder to see one of the tall guardians had shoved her entire cock down a slave's throat who was on her knees and sitting still.

Veridea sexual appetites were well-known and provided for with plenty of slaves on offer to sate one's urges at a moment's notice. Nevera is yet to sate herself, her cock subtly hidden by her short blue cocktail dress but the bottoms of her balls were intentionally left visible every time she walked.

Treated slaves walked amongst the tall women, coming from hundreds of different species that had been subjugated and incorporated into the great Verdiea Matriarchdom, and carried with them trays full of drinks and assorted snacks. They were delicious little morsels who looked quite content with the incessant groping of their exposed breasts, slim bellies and firm asses. Their revealing servant uniforms only accentuated their fuckability.

It was always a sight to see when one of the matriarchs suddenly grabbed a slave, bent them over and filled them to the brim with potent veridea cock. Nevera was sure that most of the slaves tending to this gala will bear children nine months from now.

"Aww, look, she's passing out." Said the same voice with a husky giggle and Nevera looked back to see the slave had gone limp and was only upright because the tall female was holding her by the head. A slack throat like that was perfect and the bustling air was soon filled with wet squelches as she got to sating herself.

Nevera gritted her teeth as her own cock reacted to the sounds and tried to think of something else, looking for a distraction.

She found it in the sight of the matriarchs from the western hemisphere. They were positively nude outside of decorative platinum and silver plates stuck to their otherwise naked bodies. These plates rode on the sides of their thighs, on their bellies, arms and legs while their godlike cocks were encased in them with only little holes for urinating. Atop their brows were grand crowns of horns and Nevera was in no way surprised since she knew them as 'the horned queens of the west'.

Despite their decadent outfits, they were the most steadfast in their sexual urges. They left the slaves alone with only a grope of pinch as they passed by. Instead, they were much more evil as they relieved themselves in empty glasses and ordering the slaves to drink them whole.

She was unsure about that but she couldn't deny that it was arousing on some level to see the slaves happily drink down divine gold so eagerly in front of everyone.

"You always look so melancholic in these events, sister." Said Vayna as she slid her arms around Nevera's waist and hugged her from behind. Their little cocktail dresses did little to prevent from both feeling very intimate in the embrace and Nevera quietly appreciated the flaccid cock settling against the crack of her ass.

"I cannot fight to protect our mother's honor. It is hard to ignore the vile whispers they make as she passes by." Nevera murmured as Vayna pressed her cheek against hers and looked out into the crowd. Nevera and Vayna were twins, born mere minutes between each other and had been inseparable since then.

Indeed, the Gala of Unity was a show of unity, but also provided ample opportunity for underhanded tactics, politics and power plays. A mostly simple woman like Nevera who cared only for the internal betterment of her matriarchy was disgusted by the cutthroat atmosphere the event had. Matriarchs moved in concerted efforts and factions to further their own secret goals and agendas.

Vayna hummed in agreement, her hands gently rubbing the defined abdominals on her sister's belly in absent thought. Nevera wondered what went through her sister's mind as she seemed quite at ease with the prospect of their mother being insulted and subtly degraded.

"We've been at these events two times before and mother always came away of it angry and despondent." Nevera said with a hint of anger in her voice. She hated seeing her in a state like that and her personal guard suffered the most during those periods. They were denied access to her breeding sows, to each other and were banned from gazing upon her magnificent form for a month.

"I have a feeling it'll be different this time." Vayna said, a small smile on her lips while her one hand wandered down to Nevera's crotch to cup her sister's impressive manhood. Nevera couldn't stop the small huff of surprise from leaving her and she didn't stop the hand from moving under her dress to start massaging her.

"What makes you so sure? Mngh...you know I haven't fucked anything in the past few days..."

Vayna nodded and continued groping and massaging, grasping the swelling cock in her hand. "Your strength of will is commendable, sister. But I think you should relax."

Her sister seemed to dodge the question but Nevera could hardly focus on that when she had her twin sister's expert hands on her engorged cock, stroking it with perfect motions that made her let out a low moan of excitement.

Her cock was fully exposed as it lifted up her dress and so were her big balls that had plenty of time to store up a fat load Vayna had full intention of releasing. Somewhere. Nevera didn't care where.

"Look, our baby sister is watching." Vayna whispered and Nevera opened her eyes to see mother with their prime sibling standing in the crowd. Mother was busy speaking to one of the wester matriarchs and looked absolutely divine in the curve-hugging tight golden dress that rode low on her shoulders and had a cut down the side of her left hip to reveal a bare leg. Up the leg was a silver chain going from a bare ankle all the way up the thigh, disappearing beneath the dress.

The baby sister in question was the prime sibling. Mother had thousands of daughters but there were only two who are raised by mother herself. They were called the Prime Daughters, or Prime Siblings. Their existence is known to very few within the Vaem matriarchy as they rarely interacted with their lower-born sisters.

She was barely of age, having reached adulthood a week prior. Thanks to this, she's the firm Prime Daughter to be allowed into the Gala and it was safe to say she was in awe with everything she saw. Her gaze was focused on the twin sisters, however, and watched with rapt attention as Vayna jacked Nevera off.

The guardians thought the girl cute from the moment she was born, fawning over the new heir of the Vaem matriarchy. It pleased all of them to see her grow up into a fine woman of delicious curves and a cock to rival her mother.

Mother decided to flaunt her Prime first-born and had her dress in nothing but jewelry and a few strips of silk that wrapped around her belly, shoulders and left leg. The rest were covered in bracelets, anklets, shinguards and many other forms of golden jewelry while her prodigious young cock was exposed for all to see. She seemed to enjoy the attention as she had a constant blush on her perfect cheekbones and was constantly erect.

Vayna and Nevera knew the girl wasn't a virgin, having learned she's had her first time with her own mother a few years ago, giving birth to the second Prime daughter. This only made them hunger for her more and both enjoyed her own hungry look.

"Think she'd come here?" Nevera asked hopefully and breathlessly. Vayna hummed. "I'd hope so. She looks ready to burst."

Indeed, the young girl's cock was coated in precum from all of the leaking its been doing throughout the gala and looked like it would pop from the slightest touch. The sisters watched her turn to her mother, telling her something before getting a nod and she padded her way down the carpeted floor towards them.

Both guardians grinned widely at her approach and watched her stop right against the blue rope dividing them like a wall. Her thick cock brushed against it as she looked up at them with her large and expressive eyes. She didn't notice that some matriarchs were looking her way, wondering what this was about.

"Young mistress." Nevera said huskily, her arms up to wrap around Vayna's neck while her cock bobbed up and down from Vayna's stroking.

"I told you to call me Rey." Rey said with a huff, putting her hands on her hips in faux petulance. Both guardians giggled and nodded.

"Yes, Rey." Both said in husky unison, still smiling at their charge. She was a bit shorter than them, having still time to grow into her full godlike size.

"What do you think you're doing?" Rey asked with yet another huff, looking down at Nevera's drooling cock that Vayna has hardly stopped stroking throughout this time.

"Our dear sister hasn't had the chance to sate her urges during our time here." Vayna explained casually while Nevera nodded. "She's been worried about mother."

Rey's features softened and she reached to add her hand to the stroking, smiling. "She's fine, Nevera. She's enjoying herself this time. Must be the fact I'm such an eye-catching attraction."

Her wink was met with grins and nods while Nevera bit his lip as Rey's soft and uncalloused hand smeared the precum all over the fat and wide head with not a care in the world that she was staining them. The pleasured sister gasped softly from the two sensations and her big eyes were fully dark with arousal.

Rey chewed on her own lip and leaned closer, over the rope, to get a better hold on that fat and long cock that was now slick and slippery. 

Nevera didn't last long after Rey joined in and she let out a happy and surprised gasp when Vayna pushed her right against the rope and Rey followed up by getting on her knees and popping the bloated and twitching head into her mouth just as it began firing rope after rope of pent up cum.

The young veridea's cheeks filled with it and Vayna cooed at the adorable sight as Rey struggled to swallow all of it. Some of the thick semen went out her nose and Vayna couldn't help but laugh. A furious blush covered Rey's face immediately and she pulled away, letting the last few weak ropes spurt onto her bare breasts and onto the carpet below.

"You bitch! Don't laugh at me!" Rey shouted, wiping away the cum on her face and spinning around to stomp back to Mother who had seen the whole thing and was laughing.

"I think she might be mad at us for the rest of the trip. May be longer." Vayna said through stifled laughter while Nevera was incredibly aroused still but worried that Rey was so furious. She didn't mean to cum that much!

"I didn't..." She said, concern evident in her voice as she watched Rey cross her arms under her large and firm breasts and frowned at everybody while Mother was still softly laughing. The western matriarch she'd been talking to looked very amused.

"You gave mother a great laugh. That's good." Vayna comforted quite ineffectively and laughed when Nevera looked ready to jump over the rope to apologize profusely. "You'll get plenty of time making it up to her when we get back home."

Nevera was eager to know what kind of punishment Rey would have in store when they went back, but also scared for the same reason.

++++++++++++++

Four days had passed and Michael never had the chance to leave his new, much more spacious, cell. It's been furnished with a small table and a seat alongside a relatively comfortable bed. The walls were purposefully left transparent and the guards and scientists that went about their business always glanced his way like he was some freakish attraction.

His food hasn't improved by much with liberal amounts of semen and somewhat he figured was their version of bread. He was always being watched by someone, either scientist or guard, and couldn't eat or go to the bathroom in private. At least he was fed three times a day here...

Each day he's been visited by Selena for public training sessions. It wasn't humiliating enough to be fucked and used for hours on end by the insatiable android, cumming despite it, he was also being watched by multiple scientists and guards and the way they were grinning whenever it happened just made it worse.

Before Selena's visits, he found some entertainment in watching the non-stop fucking going on in the room across the hallway where women were being gangbanged without stop. They all looked blissed out in pleasure while those headsets did whatever they did to their brains. Selena only mentioned something called 'the Treatment'.

Speaking of the android, here she came now. She was early, at least two or so hours if Michael's biological clock could be trusted. She was flanked by a guard and a scientist with the scientist being a short meek little thing like the others but she looked quite excited as she stared intently into the tray she held in both hands.

He walked to the wall, at this point not caring that he was being naked in front of all these people, and took a closer look. It was a syringe with a green fluid within. The scientist looked to him, surprise on her face to see him that close and nearly jumped back.

Michael would've grinned in satisfaction if he weren't disturbed by the syringe, hoping it wasn't meant for him. 

Selena turned to him and smiled brightly before grabbing the shorter woman by the shoulders and leading her into the lab connected to his cell.

"Fuck no!" He shouted, following them from behind the wall and stopping next to the table where a scientist was busy typing up something on her computer. She looked up at him as he began banging against the wall and shouting into nothing. She then frowned and looked to Selena who was chatting with what Michael figured was the lead scientist.

Seeing that they wouldn't listen, he rushed over to his bed and wrapped himself in the sheets. If they are going to stab him, they'll have to work for it!

Soon Selena entered with a disapproving look on her face with a guard right beside her and the meek scientist with the syringe followed close behind.

"Now sweetie, you must take your medicine. Don't want you to get sick, now don't we?" She said in a sickly sweet tone and approached him slowly. "Sit on the rack and it'll be over quick. Just a little injection."

"Fuck you! Get away from me!"

Selena shook her head and walked over rather quickly. Michael only managed to raise his arms up in a stance when she was on him, grabbing both arms and spun him around towards the rack where he was then pushed towards.

It was impossible to resist the android, let alone the added help from the immensely powerful amazon guard and soon he was pinned to the rack once more. He'd resisted every time Selena came to train him and always overpowered him. This time was no different.

He still cussed like a sailor at them all and he felt slight satisfaction when he spotted the shocked and terrified face of the meek scientist that held the syringe. She probably never saw an enraged male before. How vicious it sounded and looked like.

His torso was pinned by the guard while Selena grabbed onto his arm, shushing him to no avail. "Calm down, Michael. Everything will be okay. It'll just sting a bit."

Michael, amidst his shouts, heard the scientist speak something in that melodious language but her voice quivered. Selena talked to her soothingly in the same language and after a few moments he felt a prick in his arm and the liquid poured into his veins.

"We will make you sleep now. See you tomorrow." Selena whispered as he was jabbed again and moments later his vision went dark.

Michael woke up with his body feeling like it would rip out of his skin and sore all over. It was right on the edge of pain and some weird tingling pleasure. He tried to move and noticed he was on the bed and not on the rack.

The cell had been left in the dark with all of the walls opaque and he blindly lifted himself off of the bed while his muscles were feeling like they'd snap from how tense they were. Something brushed against his face and on his bare back. It felt like hair.

"You're awake." Came a voice. He recognised it. It was that blasted bitch. Light poured in through one of the walls, blinding him and he let out a groan as his head threatened to split in two. "Get up."

Once he didn't obey, he heard the door slide open and it was Selena that came in to help him onto his unsteady feet. He felt strangely light and incredibly hungry, his stomach growling furiously for sustenance. 

"You should listen to mistress." Selena murmured to him.

"F-fuck you..." He growled out, blinking when he spoke in somebody else's voice. It was higher pitched. Almost like a woman's. "What the..."

Then he felt hands on something he hadn't expected. Selena's hands moved up his side which felt a lot slimmer than before and with far more smooth curves. His overworked skin tingled from the touch and he gasped when they stopped against the greatest sources of tingling which were firm orbs on the top of his chest. Breasts!?

His expression must've been one of shock and disbelief, a thing most certainly amusing for the whore who was behind all of this as she laughed throatily and made him grimace and stare into the bright light.

"How do you feel? Much better now that you are out of that disgusting body." 

"What did you do to me!" He shouted hoarsely, wrenching out of Selena's undoubtedly worshipful and exploratory grasp and fell against the glass wall as his legs gave way. Pain flared in his newly-grown breasts and a pained cry ripped out of his throat as it felt like they'd split apart from the blow. He slid down with a squeaking sound and pained sobs.

Selena helped his sobbing form back up and guided him to the bed where she set him down and brought a bowl shortly after. It was semen but hunger and grief cared little about it and Michael drank it all down amidst hitched breaths and more sobs.

The android comfortingly rubbed his back up and down but keeping quiet, looking at him and his form with clear and expressive eyes. Michael ignored her for his own self-pity and depression as he stared into his hands that were now gentle and slim, the fingers long and thin. Just like a woman's.

The pointed nipples of his breasts were also visible, looking firm and delicious. But this was something he wanted to see on somebody else and not on his chest!

"It's very late. Want me to sleep with you?"

Michael barely heard her, too mired in his own thoughts to hear, and he looked at her for a long moment before weakly nodding. He needed comfort right now and, out of all of the people here, Selena had been the most comforting in her own weird dominating way.
