 The next day Jake was awakened by a booming gong sound. Reaching for Gen, he not only didn't feel her next to him but also found that he had very little room to move. What the hell is going on? Leaning back he could only wait till someone or something let him in on where he was. About an hour later a man that Jake could only describe from out of the Arabian nights tales came to get him.

Looking around as he was led out, the lavish walls also reminded Jake of something out of Arabian nights. He was led down a long corridor to a huge open air room with what looked like sultans or rulers of ancient Arabia sitting, no wait a second more like floating beside an oval table. The biggest of the men motioned for Jake to be brought to him, Jake thought this had to be a dream.

"No young master Jake this is no dream," the man said his voice booming.

"May I ask...?" Jake started.

"NO!" the man boomed out, "you may NOT ask but you WILL answer truthfully!" He said a look of scorn on his face.

The others in the room shook their heads in agreement.

"To start off, we are the Genie or Jinn council, we monitor each and every Jinn in the world past, present and future." Again each man in the room nodded agreement. "We have been watching you and your Jinn, at first we were extremely pleased, that is till the events of last night."

Jake was shocked for a moment then realized that these men were Genies also, so yeah he could believe it.

"The first question, did you know that you were photographed last night?" the largest man said.

Stepping forward Jake replied, "No sir, I did not," each man nodded .

"Did you know that a magical being can not be photographed?" The largest man said.

Jake looked shocked, "No sir, I didn't know that at the time but thank you for informing me." Again each man nodded though Jake could see a few of them slightly smile.

"As a sexual helper, Gen as you call her, must exercise her powers every day, even if it's a menial task this is to help strengthen her powers and allow her to grow mentally. You have not been using her everyday as a matter of fact you almost let her fade."

Jake could see the anger on the largest man's face and could only wait till the next question came.

"At this point we were going to take your Jinn from you, then we heard of something that we thought we'd never see again. You don't treat your Jinn as a servant or a slave, it appears that you treat her as almost an equal, tell us why."

"Yes sir, when I first saw Gen I thought she was a dream, when I found out different I still had a hard time believing at first. When she told me of how other masters treated their Jinns not letting them out of their bottles, I wished that Gen was free from that bottle."

An older man spoke up, "you wished her free from the bottle she was captive to, so you freed her but not entirely, AH! very wise for one so young," again the others nodded agreement.

A new light shone in the largest man's eyes, "Is it true that when your Jinn was in distress that you felt it and was actually sick?" The large man said looming over Jake.

"Yes, I was sick, I hurried home because Gen wasn't making sense, when I was "thought talking to her." There was a gasp from the others in the room.

"Just how long have you been able to do this?" A wide eyed man said.

"I would say since about the second or third day," replied Jake.

Again another gasp rose from those present in the room.

Many of the men started whispering discussing this new turn of events.

Stopping they looked at the large man. "They want you to continue with why you treat her more like an equal."

Nodding Jake continued, "After I freed her from her bottle, I looked forward to seeing her each morning I got up, she is very beautiful. I began to think of her more as a partner rather than a Genie. I apologize for not having her use her powers each day, I didn't know she needed to. I thought if I had her preform magic every day, I would exhaust her, as her powers are somewhat limited, again thank you for informing me of my error." 

The men in the room eyes grew wide open they couldn't believe what they had just heard. Even the large man's mouth was hanging open.

The men at the table were almost in shock they had waited for centuries for someone like Jake to come along. There were still a few things they needed to know first but many of them were convinced. "Please continue young master Jake," the large man said. 

"It was when Gen told me that we had bonded to each other.." again a gasp went out from those present, Jake looked around at the shocked men what was the big deal? 

"You bonded to ..to..to her?" a small man at the table said.

"Yes," Jake replied, "When she had started to fade I felt bad or sick as you said, that was when Gen told me of something called the ever lasting?"

Again a huge gasp went up from all there. 

"The ever lasting has only happened once well... almost, the master was killed during a minor battle." the small man stated bitterly, "His Jinn had tried to intervene but another Jinn had prevented her from reaching her master. That Jinn was my daughter, she had loved her master very deeply. When he died she had almost died herself she only lasted a year after that, growing weaker each day. Then as her last request she gave her powers and love to her much younger sister." Sighing he looked up at Jake, "I believe you are well acquainted with her. That was many centuries ago, the legend he must be told of the legend."

"No Rasmir, not 'til we are sure." They all looked at Jake an almost hungry look. "The final question, we know now that Gen as you call her is in love with you, the thing is are you in love with her?"

"To be completely honest as a man." Jake started, "Had you asked me a week ago I would have said no. Today? I can not say that, Gen said she looked in my eyes and saw the bond that had started, I - if I am not in love with her now, I am most definitely falling for her. She is the kindest most understanding woman I have ever met." Thinking harder Jake's eyes flew open. "Yes, I am in love with her I don't think I could go on without her." Again a huge gasp went up around the room.

"If you are truly in love with her, then you must undergo the test." The large man said, many around the table nodded. Jake also noticed that many were smiling also.

"A test?" Jake had been worrying about Gen this whole time and was starting to get impatient, where was she? Was she ok? He hoped they weren't apart too long. It was at that second that Jake knew that he WAS in love with her. Many around the room smiled even larger, to them they knew Jake would pass with no problem. "When may I take this test? I am worried about Gen, if we are apart too long she will die. I can not let her die!" The force of his voice knocked the others off balance as Jake tried to leave the room. 

The large man was straining to hold Jake but was losing the battle the others reached out to also hold Jake. 

Jake's desire to see Gen again was so strong that he was starting to drag ALL of the men in the room with him out the door. Upon reaching the open doorway, Jake walked through, he was about 5 feet past the door when he found that the weight of all the men holding with their magic was almost too much. Straining he pulled harder hearing a sharp gasp, he began to struggle even harder he had to reach Gen! Finally with the last of his energy he lunged forward not caring if they punished him, not caring if he died, he knew only that he had to reach her, with that final lunge the weight suddenly slackened, a huge fanfare sounded along with another gong sound.

Jake didn't look back he kept going forward on leaden legs. Where the fuck was she? Opening every door he came to Jake was starting to lose hope when at the end of the corridor he opened one of the last doors. There he found Gen hugged tightly to another woman her face and eyes red from crying. 

"Gen! at last I found you!" A startled Gen looked up and straight into the eyes of the man she loved.

Running to him she flung her arms around him. "Master! you're alive! Thank the great Jinn!"

Holding her as tight as he could he kissed her tear stained eyes and face, "I realized just a few minutes ago that I love you." Gen's mouth dropped open as she began to kiss Jake harder. 

The older version of Gen stood and smiled, "I am Yasmen, your Jinn's mother," holding out her hand Jake shook it, it was then that he felt the strain he had endured withdrawing from the room.

Sitting down Jake felt tired so suddenly, hardly able to keep his eyes open he heard Gen gasp. "Father? Is that you?" Gen and Yasmen ran forward hugging the small man from the room Jake had had to almost fight his way out of.

Slurring his words hardly able to look up Jake stated, "I take it you are here to give me the test? Give me a few moments to rest, then you can test me all you want, I am sorry I left the room I had to make sure that Gen was ok. I felt her pain and loneliness I do not care what you do to me as long as she is ok." 

The small man smiled. "You don't know what you have done, but..." with that Jake finally surrendered to huge wave of exhaustion that finally overwhelmed him.

"Father, how many of the council are free besides you?" Gen asked surprised and elated at the same time.

"Take a look, I think you would be proud of your master." Gen and Yasmen peeked into the corridor, there they saw the other 11 members of the council hugging and kissing their wives and daughters. "When we first started the trial, we thought he was another undeserving master that needed to be punished. As we asked him questions it was almost like someone was reading the legend out loud. When he mentioned the bond we were shocked but the ever lasting? That fact floored all of us. When he wanted only to find you BECAUSE he was worried and didn't care what we did to him I knew he was the one." Rasmir could only shake his head.

Yasmen and Gen helped Rasmir get Jake into Gen's bed, the other council members looked in smiling. "He made it this far?" The large man said.

"Yes," Rasmir said, "Till he saw that his Jinn was ok, they were talking when I entered. I was about to tell him of the legend but the effort of breaking free from all twelve of us finally caught up with him."

The other councilors heard what he said, a collective gasp went up from them all. Sighing the large man looked at the others, "he has fulfilled almost all of the legend but there is still one test he has to pass. I too am convinced but we must make sure, we are only just released, if we place trust and care in the wrong man again we could end up there in the room again, I for one wish to continue the Jinn race."

Several of the wives giggled and eyed their husbands hungrily, they hadn't had any type of sex in a long time they were more than ready to make up for it. The wives dragged the husbands off, the men each told Gen to call them when Jake awoke. Gen nodded to each and closed the door locking it. Blinking both she and Jake were naked and under the covers. Snuggling next to Jake, she was so happy that he had saved her father and the others. Though she was worried about the last test, she was just happy that he was alive and they hadn't made him forget about her.

Two days later Jake began to stir, reaching over he felt a bare breast, "uuuummmm good morning Gen," he said as he began to massage and rub her nipples.

"Oh Master! you always have the most pleasant ways of waking up," she said as her sudden gasp brought him more awake, "thank the great Jinn you are alright, oh master that feels so good! I have missed you touching me."

"Speaking of Jinns," Jake stated, "Where are all the men I saw yesterday?"

Giggling Gen looked at him and whispered," I suspect they are still in bed with their wives, it has been a long, long time and you might say they were really hungry for their husbands."

"I am supposed to call them all when you awake, but it has only been two days. Though I am afraid they are attuned to you now and probably will know you are awake soon." pouting Gen kissed Jake deeply, "I was hoping that we could love but the wives have waited for centuries I have for only three days. I can wait, you are well worth it." 

A little confused Jake just shook his head and got up to wash. About an hour later Rasmir knocked at the door. "The council wishes to see you for the last test, though I think it's unnecessary we have laws that even we must follow." Leading Jake through the corridor but turning instead of going straight they came to a much larger room.

"Jake Freemon a name we are proud to speak today, by law you are cleared of any charges that were brought against you, there is however one more matter we need to discuss." the large man said

"Yes sir, I would be happy to discuss anything with you, now that I know Gen is ok." Jake replied.

"It would seem that you have fulfilled a legend from centuries ago. In it a regular human male would fall in love with a Jinn. Everything that has occurred now was foretold in that legend. Including the releasing of the Jinn council, and the two days of rest the human would need, during which time all of the wives of the council would become with child. This has also come to pass. Now there is but one thing left, you and you alone must face the Jinn who tricked the council into exile. What you do when you are with her, will determine who you are." The large man was hoping that Jake was the one, he was tired of the fighting.

Jake stood before them thinking, "I'll do what I can, I do not want to hurt Gen though, may I talk to her before I start the test?" The men before him nodded yes. Jake walked to the room he had been in. "Gen, I love you and do not want to hurt you, this last test I am a little afraid of. This Jinn that exiled the council, if I have to fuck her I don't want it to hurt you. Nothing I ever do, do I want to hurt you. Please know I love you but if I have to kill her or fuck her I want you to know, it is you I am loving and thinking of." 

Gen smiled, "I know this always and I do not get jealous, I was created to help you with whatever you do. Therefore if you are fucking another woman I am just as happy as I would be if you were fucking me, I feel it through you."

Jake kissed Gen and told her that he loved her, walking to the council he stated he was ready. With that the council started to chant, a loud thunder clap sounded and a young looking, dark haired slinder woman appeared between the council and Jake.

Almost hissing at them she spoke, "What do you bunch of depraved old bastards want? Haven't you hurt me enough? You almost killed me last time, that was why you were imprisoned. So! I see the Master of the ever last Jinn has shown up, a pity he won't live that long!" With that she cast a bolt of lighting that turned back and struck her! "What trickery is this?" she shouted, "you dare to break your own laws?"

"Had you bothered to check," the large man pointed out, "you'd have seen what's in his hand."

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! It can't be! that was destroyed! Cast into the endless abyss!" she screamed.

"Not only is it possible, but you know what it means. He is now your master!" Rasmir shouted.

"Any human that holds the bottle of the Jinn is his or her master." Bowing down before Jake she said to the council, "I am well aware," Looking at Jake she sneered," what the fuck do you want master!"

"First off," he growled at her, "you can drop the attitude!" This last louder, which shook her, looking up she almost had a look of fear on her face. "Now, which do you prefer? To stay in the bottle 'til I want something or to be out in the sun and wind free?"

The dark haired Jinn looked at him strangely. "You mean to tell me that you won't make me stay in there?" her face was a mask of disbelief.

"What I am offering you is a chance, that obviously no one ever offered you. I will allow you to stay out, IF and I mean if you are more civil and stop with that, fuck the world and I'm gonna be the fucker attitude. Though if you'd prefer to be in the bottle then..." Jake started

"You have a deal" she said a slight smile on her face.

"Wow," said Jake. "You should do that more often, you have a beautiful smile, I mean that, look in my heart if you don't believe it"

Looking at him closely her mouth dropped open and she tried to hide another smile, "you are the first who has spoken truthfully to me in many centuries, it is refreshing to say the least. ok, we'll try this out, also I want to meet your other jinn."

"Sure," Jake said as he led her to the room he and Gen were sharing. Walking in Jake walked over to Gen.

"Gen I want you meet my other Jinn, the council made me her master, they said that she was the one that exiled the council in the first place." Jake said.

Gen nodded and looked at the new Jinn hard for a few minutes, "You are very beautiful," Gen said.

"As are you" the new Jinn replied.

"Do you have a name or do I have to give you one?" Jake asked.

"Before I was called by the name Dreama, it is the master's decision as to what his Jinn is called," Dreama said matter of factly.

"Did you like the name Dreama?" Jake asked.

"Yes I did master but it holds many painful memories," she replied a small tear escaping her deep blue eyes. 

"Would you prefer another name?" he asked. Dreama looked up at Jake not believing what she had heard, he wanted to know what SHE wanted to be called. Damn! Just who was this man?

"If you are telling the truth, from what I can see you are, I have always loved the name Rosalinda,"bshe answered not sure of how this new master was going to react.

"Ah! Rosalinda a beautiful name for a beautiful woman!" Jake said excited by the name.

Dreama now Rosalinda stared at Jake her mouth hung open she couldn't believe that this master not only let her choose a name but let her keep it.

"I have a request," Jake asked, ok here we go she thought, there are going to be conditions just as she thought, She was about to open her mouth to tell him to forget it when he spoke, "If we are to call you Rosalinda, please wear it proudly as it is now yours, ok?"

Again he eyes grew large, her mouth hung open, there were no conditions? "Ok master, what's going on? No master has ever let a Jinn choose her own name, let alone with no conditions!

"I want us to at least be friends while you are my Jinn, that means you get to be your self moreand make some decisions for your self." Jake replied.

"Is he for real?" Rosalinda asked of Gen.

"Oh yes, he is a very special man and master," leaning over to Rosalinda's ear, "He is a fantastic lover also," giggling she moved back.

Rosalinda was feeling a little over whelmed, "I have a wish I need from you," Jake spoke up. Uh huh here we go she thought, "I wish you to spend as much time as you can with Gen and me as possible I wish you to see what love is ok?"

For the third time that day Rosalinda's mouth hung agape, "That is all you wish of me? Master I have to ask just who are you? I have never seen, met, or even have heard of one such as you."

"I am just a simple man who does not like to see anyone even a Jinn enslaved. Have you noticed that Gen has no bottle?" Jake asked.

"Yes I did," she replied, "I was going to ask her where her bottle was."

Smiling a huge smile Gen replied, "Master Jake freed me from it, I am still his Jinn but I have more free will, uh... within reason."

"With in reason? Just what does that mean," Rosalinda asked a strange look on her face.

"I over stepped boundaries he set, he punished me by making me stay home, because of the ever lasting, I almost faded away. Jake felt it and rushed home to save me," Gen stated matter of factly. Rosalinda had to sit, everything she heard went far beyond anything she had ever heard.
