 Celine watched the Void Springer, an ugly nearly ramshackle thing of a spaceship, slowly and masterfully land onto one of numerous platforms designed for such landings that span the Vaem tower.

She was utterly disgusted by the boxy exterior and its obvious lack of maintenance. How that thing had saved Mother was beyond her but she was nonetheless grateful for it.

The Void Springer was the size of a small freighter and nearly filled in the entirety of the landing platform, sending leaves and dust flying from its landing exhausts. It rattled from the strain of its overworked engines and Celine was worried it would fall apart before it could disgorge its precious cargo.

The dozen guards seemed to have the same worry as they watched it shut down and go still for long moments. Finally the ramp going into the cargo bay lowered slowly with a satisfied looking veridea soldier holding onto a support at the very tip of the ramp, leaping off once it was a meter off the ground.

Celine moved aside a stray lock of golden hair and approached the soldier. She didn't go under the fuselage of the ship and instead waited for the soldier to come to her. She wouldn't be caught dead being in this ugly thing's shadow.

As befit a daughter of the soldier caste, the woman was tall, strongly-built, well-armed and armored. Her helmet rode on her hip as she approached, a happy and relieved smile on her face. "It is so good to see home again."

"Welcome home," Celine greeted with a smile of her own, quite glad that her sisters had survived their sojourn beyond the Nebula. It was remarkable that the ramshackle ship showed absolutely no signs of damage from going through the acidic space cloud. Celine was no engineer but she'd heard it was due to a strange and effective interstellar drive the ship possessed. "We awaited your return with bated breath."

"You must be Celine. We were told you would be expecting us the most out of all of our sisters." The soldier said with a grin and stopped before the shorter woman, bending low to kiss Celine on the forehead. "Thank you, for that."

Celine blushed and nodded, looking the soldier over and saw the name tag on her armored breast. Ah, so this was Captain Jevelyn. She and her platoon had been personally handpicked by Mother for this important task. "You are most welcome, dear sister."

Jevelyn pulled back and looked towards the loading ramp as multiple hurried and frantic steps and shouting came from that direction. Celine looked there and saw two soldiers holding chains in one hand and rifles in the other as they pulled and tugged a herd of prisoners.

Celine counted around forty of them with around twenty being humans, five tall blue-skinned males with strange pairs of horns, ten rather slim and pretty-looking aliens with black shiny skin and big purple eyes. She was most impressed by the last five, however.

They were tall and imposing females with a ferocity and looking so feral that Celine thought they were humans spliced with white-furred felines or something. They walked on digitigrade paws and were exposed outside of tight tank tops and pants, revealing impressive musculature and patches of snowy fur. They towered over even the soldier veridea and Celine immediately felt intimidated by them as they stomped down the ramp, looking positively pissed.

"How did you capture those?" She whispered to Jevelyn, eyes locked onto the brutish women.

"We're the best of the best, after all." Jevelyn said smugly and guided Celine further back as the prisoners were arranged just in front of the Void Springer. "They're yours."

Celine nodded and gently rubbed the translator bead sticking to her throat as she looked over all of their apprehensive, scared and angry faces. The humans all looked rather meek and of the more intellectual bent. And it pleased her to see they were equally divided in the sex department and outside of their waifish forms seemed perfect for the project.

"The humans were leading what we think is a science vessel as scientists." Jevelyn explained to Celine quietly, subtly pointing at the tallest and most firm-looking man out of the group. He looked to be middle-aged and sported an impressive graying beard. 

It would be impressive if she was in any way interested in them, that is.

"What about the black-skinned ones? They look positively adorable." Celine breathed, enjoying the fearful and angry looks they were giving her as they realised she was the one running the show.

"They really are." Jevelyn hummed, looking over the short and slim humanoids who looked so positively innocent with those big purple eyes. "We have been given orders not to get too personal with the prisoners so we've left the up-close examination to you."

Celine nodded and looked over the tall blue-skinned men with impressive horns. They looked apprehensive but in full control of themselves. They were firmly built and reached over 6 feet. Just a bit larger than their female counterparts.

Guess it's time to begin with the 'welcome'.

"Ahem, welcome to the Vaem Matriarchy. I am Celine and will be overseeing some of you during your time here." She introduced herself in perfect galactic standard. It was a hideous and coarse language when compared to the sing-song and flowing language of the veridea. She hated what it did to her voice.

The bearded man plucked up the courage and spoke up. "Who are you, and where have you taken us?"

Celine smiled sweetly and answered, "You are on the veridea homeworld and on the property of the Vaem Matriarchy. You have been brought here to become part of the glorious matriarchy."

Her words had them all frowning and the bearded man asked some more. "You mean kidnapped. And as fascinating as it is to meet new cultures and races, this is simply unwarranted."

Celine nodded in mock understanding. She hardly cared that a male was inconvenienced or what he thought of the situation. "Please refrain from further questions. Your hideous voice is too much to bear."

She didn't expect him to keep his mouth shut after her sickly-sweet insult and then her eyes widened when the five cat-like females began to roar and struggle in their bindings.

"You take that shit back!" One shouted as she tried to break the manacles but with no result. Half dozen guards rushed over to pacify the large females with electrified batons. The rest of the prisoners watched in horror as they were pacified ruthlessly and effectively.

"Even your big cat females are defenceless against us, so I would suggest you cooperate as best you possibly can. Escape is impossible and should you fully cooperate, we will treat you fairly and justly." Celine said, wanting to use the cat females as an example.

Indeed, the Vaem tower is a veritable fortress and thus far has no recorded escapes of any kind.

They all looked mighty unconvinced and Celine fully expected that. However, she did not lie. If they followed her instructions and the instructions of their new masters, they will live fulfilling and happy lives. Especially the females as their wombs are added to the ever-growing breeding pens. 

Celine inwardly grinned. Should she be successful in this project further, she will not only leave the ranks of her low-born sisters but also have full access to a breeding sow of her own. In preparation for that, she made a note of all of the females present before her, wondering who will be the lucky one bearing her daughters.

Before that, however, she's also been given unmitigated access to any and all test subjects and she was getting impatient in sinking her cock in a tight pussy.

"Now, come quietly into your new home!" She chirped, spun on her heel, and started for the tower.

In an hour, all of the prisoners have been stripped bare and presented before the matriarch. The humans looked decidedly uncomfortable and were hiding their privates in a display of silly shame that amused both Celine and Mother. The black aliens sported little sexual characteristics and would require more in-depth study to determine which of them are for breeding and others to keep for future experiments.

The blue ones, the asir, looked comfortable in their state of nudity albeit still apprehensive. The big cat women were shackled arm and leg, kept on all-fours in a submissive pose as they growled and hissed against their gags.

"Such fine women. A pity they inherited the weaker sex." Mother mused as she looked over the impressive females. "I want two bred immediately. The rest are to be questioned, fucked if need be, and researched."

The order was immediately heeded as the guards began dragging the five out of the observation room.

"What are you going to do to them?" Asked the bearded male over the din of protests that had erupted at the sight of them being dragged away and out of sight.

"Shall we quiet them down, mother?" Asked Jevelyn as she stepped up from her position behind Celine and Mother. "They are being far too rowdy."

Mother shook her head. "They've been pleasant and calm throughout this so I think it would be fair to let them have this."

The three veridea watched the prisoners shout obscenities at them in anger and disbelief until they finally wound down and were angry and silent. Celine noted the asir were the most quiet of them all, looking thoughtful and it was obvious how shifty and observant their eyes were that they were plotting something.

"Now that you are finished, I shall explain where they have been taken. I want our relationship to be built on trust and honesty. Do you agree?"

"What kind of relationship will this be? We've been kidnapped, stripped bare and shackled." Said the bearded male, proving himself once again to be the leader of the group.

Mother smiled courteously at him and stepped close to the thin sheet of glass separating the prisoners from their captors. "A very productive one, I hope. Now I shall answer where they've been taken. They have been taken for examination and breeding."

"Breeding..." The man whispered while the rest gasped and looked on the verge of protesting again. 

"They are not cows to be bred!" One shouted. "Give us the girls back!"

"I understand your anger but you mustn't worry. They shall live long and happy lives. Of this I assure you."

Her words seemed to fall on deaf ears as they started shouting again. She shook her head and crossed her arms. "If you do not silence yourselves this instant, our relationship shall be something neither of us want."

At a subtle command, the guards near the walls inside of the observation cell stepped closer to the crowd with crackling batons and were immediately cowed by the display. The asir males where the only ones who took the information in their stride without much of a shout.

They interested Mother and she laid her eyes on the impressive males who towered above everybody else. They were confident in their size and strength, that much was obvious, but they also looked to be in firm control of their emotions and focusing on the important things instead of emotional outbursts.

"You, what is your name?" She asked, pointing at the front-most asir.

He uncrossed his arms and stepped forward a bit. "I am Meron, botanist and crew member of the Explorer-class Gwyn's Gambit.May we know the name of our host?" His courteous attitude had many of his fellow prisoners glaring daggers at him.

Mother appreciated his calm demeanour and respect. "I am Nataya Vaem, the matriarch of this tower." She introduced herself and, as expected, this didn't mean much for her prisoners other than that she was the main culprit behind their captivity.

"Why have you kidnapped us?" Meron asked calmly. Nataya smiled at his question.

"I think the word 'collected' is a more apt term. You are beyond the acidic green nebula, uncharted space, just like how your space is uncharted for us. You are here to be studied, taught the Veridea way and ultimately integrated into the Dominion."

"How is them carrying offspring of your males against their will being integrated into your society?" Merson asked a bit more tersely, his true thoughts coming to the fore.

"I respect your intelligence, even if you are a male, and a such shall entertain your question. Every female, unless they prove themselves worthy and useful, is trained into a breeding sow. Our methods have been perfected over millennia and there is no female in my domain that does not bear our children happily and of free will."

"That's a lie!" Somebody shouted, this time a woman. Nataya understood her fear. After all, she was next in line to be strapped into the breeding rack and pumped full of potent veridea seed. None of them will bear her offspring as she does not yet know their genetic makeup and what her new daughters would inherit. No, they shall bear the children of her daughters instead.

"I did say I wished to have this relationship built on trust and honesty. I am not deceiving you. I do have demonstrations for you if you do not believe me." She offered, pointing to a large screen in the corner of the cell. It was usually used to entertain the captives while they are unknowingly watched but this time it'll tap into the feed of the breeding pens.

"None required." Spoke up the bearded human as he stopped beside Meron. "The girls, they won't be mistreated, will they?"

"If they cooperate and comply without issue, then no. We respect obedience."

The two captives looked at each other and shook their heads. "Then they will be most certainly mistreated. Why would we listen to you?"

Nataya's smile turned cold and malicious. "I am your goddess here. At my whim you may be disposed of for being utterly useless and causing nothing but trouble. You'd be nothing more but a thing we will get bored of once we learn everything about you. We have no shortage of impudent males."

Nataya had always been an intimidating woman and it was no different now as the prisoners looked away from her and the bearded man averted his eyes. The only one who continued to glare at her was the asir and his fellows.

"I have seen enough. The human females shall be taken to the breeding labs for Treatment and have those black-skinned ones studied and assigned by sex. I want breeding results from them by tomorrow." Nataya then said as she spun around and walked to Celine, brushing her beautiful daughter's cheek.

"You, of course, get to pick one for you own fun. Use protection. You haven't yet earned the right to breed." She huskily whispered to Celine, who was flushed and nodded.

"What of the big blue males, mother?" Jevelyn asked from the side. "If that first female you brought with you is anything to go by, they are unbreakable by the Treatment."

Nataya nodded and firmly looked at Celine. "I want you to have a side project with one of the asir males. I want you to perfect the Treatment that they have no hope of resisting it. Is that understood?"

Celine just nodded vigorously. She was so excited to begin and to have another side activity only made it better!

"Very good." She fully turned to Jevelyn. "You have done a splendid job. You have first claim to the human females. Breed them well."

Jevelyn saluted with a grin. "Yes, mother!"

++++++++++++++

Today was the day. They had been preparing Micha for the past few days with supplements, actual food and regular exercise. Serena still had her training sessions with her which Gail loved to watch and joined a couple of times.

The femboy despised exercise so he was content in watching his wife sweat and grunt as she was put under a harsh training regiment by none other than Nevera herself. The guardian stripped herself bare for the training, doing exercises alongside Micha in all her nude, toned and athletic glory.

Micha looked squishy and flabby next to her but both Nevera and Serena assured Micha she'd be in peak physical form after the injection.

Now Micha was padding a trench in the floor as she worriedly paced back and forth. The first injection had come as a surprise, but now she knew it was coming and what it is supposed to do to her. Worry that she'll become some hideous mutant like in all of those old movies came to mind. And she ddin't want to be anything like that!

To be fair, she was a kind of mutant now. No longer human but not exactly veridea either. The transformation had certain side-effects such as a strengthened libido, desire to dominate others and intense desire to breed. Even her skin had turned slightly yellowish from its human pink colour.

"Calm down, love," Gail murmured as she stopped her with a firm hug around her waist from behind. "Everything is going to be fine."

"How do you know? I might turn into a freak or something and then you won't love me anymore..." Micha nearly whined in fear and spun around in Gail's arms to smoosh the femboy into her body. The femboy hardly minded being once again pressed against his wife's amazing and lovely body but he had to push away a bit to look her in the eyes.

"Micha, hey, I'll always love you." He reassured her, lifting himself on his toes to place a kiss on Micha's pursed lips. "They did a great job with the first shot, right? I'm pretty sure the next one will work just as fine."

Micha couldn't deny that they did a bang up job with her new body. She quite enjoyed the sensual curves she'd been given, the sensitive skin and the graceful movements with which she moved now. She hardly missed her old male body and the fact Gail got even more aroused by her feminine yet endowed body had her liking herself even more.

"They don't look like people who'd fuck up something like this, yeah..." She murmured back, more in an attempt to convince herself than him. Gail just smiled, pecked her once more on the lips and took her by the hand to the bed.

"I really have no idea how you haven't been bored out of your mind in here. There's so little to do." The femboy complained, plopping onto the mattress that lay right on the floor and grabbed the tablet laying on it.

It was Gail's idea to get some sort of entertainment device in this cell other than watching the Treatment going on across the hall, not that the two didn't enjoy the show immensely from time to time. Serena was able to persuade the matriarch to provide the tablet and they had access to pretty much all of entertainment present in Vaem tower. From cartoons, dramas, action movies and porn. 

Breeding porn, which both Micha and Gail were sure was edited footage from the breeding pens, was the most popular. Seeing those women impregnated as they were strapped in those breeding racks had Micha instantly hard and raring to go, much more than she thought possible.

"Whatchu wanna watch? Some porn? I could go with a cartoon, though." Gail asked quite contently, perfectly at ease with the reality they have been set up with. Micha stared at him in thinly-veiled amazement as how the femboy could be so relaxed and happy. She was slowly accepting it, too, but she still had a grudge for that bitch no matter how much she liked the changes brought upon her.

She sat down after a long moment, settling herself right behind Gail with her legs spread around him so he could lean against her and hold the tablet relaxedly on his belly. The tablet was translated into galactic standard, due to no small part from Serena, and had an easy to use design that had everything they wanted to watch at their fingertips.

"Cartoons sound good." She said against Gail's neck, gently kissing it and watching her husband deftly tap away at the screen until they were watching episode six of some strange cartoon about a group of young veridea training to become their matriarch's new personal guard, meeting monsters and enemies along the way.

It was at the end of the episode that Serena, Celine and two tall guards arrived into their cell. Celine had the same tray as before with a syringe full of yellow liquid on it.
