 Mark had passed out. His prison of sentient living latex lad stilled to allow his rest. It had been learning that such periods of unconsciousness were needed by its host. It didn't mind. He wasn't going anywhere. 

Deep inside its being it could feel its offspring approach the outside of the cave. It knew it had caught someone... someone important to its host. Someone important to them and their continuity. 

It needed Mark awake for its arrival. 

Some latex solidified around his cock and provided a gentle sucking action, arousing a groan from Marks lips. A wide plug of hardened latex formed inside his ass and with a gentle vibration over his prostate, elicited another groan and a stirring from his slumber. 

"Urghh.. what..?" 

My love. 

"I... oh gods I am... look I am NOT your love for the love of god..." Mark had barely opened his eyes in the frustrations of the creature being totally in love with him and his body being manipulated and turned on so easily to it. 

Our offspring is returning darling. It brings with it another of your kind. 

"Huh..?" 

It is like you... but different. 

Mark focused his eyes as the offspring came through. It's grown.. The thing was definitely larger, easily big enough to carry a human in its spider form, as evident of the long spindly legs sprouting from the top of a tightly vacuum packed woman suspended under it, completely imprisoned in a latex skin and surrounded by heavy latex tentacles. 

Only her mouth was open to the air, and along with breath came noise from those lips, a deep regular and rhythmic moan. 

If she is anything like me, she would be unable to stop any pleasure entering her body. 

As the offspring slowly extended its way up to the ceiling of the cave, quite close to Mark, it bought its captor in for a closer view for him. 

Mark could see or make out nearly every detail of her; her full lips, pursed and moaning as she struggled to comprehend her new purpose. Her arms were pulled back behind her back and below the offspring's leg collection. 

Mark opened his eyes properly and looked closer. 

Her face was coated with a thin layer of latex. He was able to see it covered her eye lids, extended into her nostrils and all over her ears. Even individual eyebrows and lashes appeared to be imprisoned within it. Her hair appeared now to be pulled back firmly, her hair bound in latex dreadlocks giving her face an unearthly appearance. 

However, Mark focused on her lips. Plump and open, the latex had coated the inside of the girls mouth and even her teeth and gums. That didn't stop her from moaning, a deep, primal moan of a woman having great sex. 

As he watched he saw a tentacle form and approach the girls lips, forming into the shape of a thick, long penis before gently feeding it into the girls mouth who instinctively clamped down on it with her lips and eagerly sucked it in. 

Mark shuddered a little at the imagery. And tore his eyes from her face and continued looking. 

Her hips were wide and rounded, her stomach flat and even muscular. Her shoulders and arms also strong, the latex belying toned muscle on the girl's upper frame. 

However her chest was quite large, Mark guessed the girl sported at least E cupped breasts, his eyes lingered on them for a few moments, fascinated as he watched them quiver within their latex coating. Some small tentacles had wrapped around them, presumably squeezing them firmly. Her thick and very erect nipples, easily discernible amongst the sucking latex lips attached to them caused his cock to harden even further, his captor responded by deepening the suction upon it. Mark groaned hard but resisted his release, forcing his body to stay any further approach to orgasm as he let his eyes drift over the girl. 

Tearing his eyes away from her breasts he looked down her body, noticing her thick, muscular thighs, her strong calves outlined in latex as the offspring held her in a hog tie. Thick ropes of latex tentacles were coiled around each of her legs, ending in a branch of smaller tentacles at her feet. Looking closer Mark could see some of them slid around her toes, and some ended in lips and were sucking upon her smaller toes. 

Just below the girls bound feet was her butt, strong and large and completely black as night. Several large tentacles seemed to disappear between the girl's thighs and cheeks. Mark wondered just how intrusive the offspring was for the poor girl. In response, mark felt the latex on his prostate vibrate harder. 

Deep enough to be one with her my love. 

Argh! Mark struggled for control. That thing.. capturing that girl... that strong, attractive woman... unable to escape... oh god 

That sounds... 

.. sooo hot. 

Mark could feel it. The trigger that signalled the final, unstoppable force rushing through his system as he watched the girl orgasm hard within her prison. 

Mark shuddered hard as he lost control, crying out as he orgasmed hard, his release wrenched from his body. His cock on the receiving end of a strong vibration and a harder sucking, his body seemingly now one endless orgasm as his captor ate him all up with glee. 

Mark lost consciousness again. 

***** 

Sarah's consciousness slowly crept up on her, one deep thrust at a time. 

Oh god oh fuck.. 

During the journey after being captured she had felt the latex creature's physical will completely overwhelm her sense, pushing deep into her and injecting unending pleasure into her body and mind. 

Even as she bounces gently in her bonds, quivering the dildo like appendage deep in her pussy as the creature moved, she could feel its mind enter her own. 

My prey.. My love... I love you so much! 

Sarah's mind, groggy from one climax after another, unable to even think of a coherent response, let alone actually talk back to the creature. Fight though, was at the very core of her mind and was yet unbroken. Since flight was not an option she did her best to escape. Flexing her arms and fingers within the thick coils of latex however gave little leeway and while she did manage to stretch them some, they pulled her back tight and prevented any escape. 

She had moaned as coils of latex both thick and thin sensuously slithered over her thighs, calves and feet as they held her. Any resistance the offspring felt from its captive was met by renewed activity of the tentacles buried deep within her ass and pussy, diverting it, distracting it. Even the preys toes and feet were not spared from the seductive embrace of the latex as it gently squeezed and massaged her unwillingly. 

I must escape... I must fight this thing.. what is it doing to me? Why do I feel so good? Oh fuck it's so deep inside me! 

Eventually her moans and cries of pleasure and despair were silenced as the creature forced a thick tentacle between her lips, Sarah's sucking instinct then invited it deeper. Several thick coils of latex looped around the top of her head and melded against her, forming an effective blindfold and ear muffs. It was an effective method of forcing the world to stop before it reached her, Sarah quickly lost track of time and her sense of direction as she was forced to focus on her predicament and just how fucking good this things feels! Ahhh... Her mind blanked out as she felt a smaller tentacles, nearly hair thin wrap around her clitoris and suck upon it gently, pushing her over into an overwhelming orgasm. 

As Sarah's consciousness slowly returned she groaned deeply; her mouth free of tentacle but her pussy and ass were still filled deeply, caressing every part of her insides with its pervasiveness. 

Uhh fuck.. 

As she felt her breasts manipulated Sarah closed her lips and moaned a little before slowly opening her eyes... 

Huh? 

Her eyes and ears free of the latex tentacles she was able to hear a gentle rustling mixed with the creek of rubber and an obscene squelching. Mmm that would be.. ahh! Me... 

Flicking her now latex tongue over her rubber lips as she whimpered to another orgasm, she eventually opened her eyes... 

... to.. Darkness? Blindness? 

Sarah blinked a few times, feeling the latex coating her eye lids, she took stock of where she was, her pleasure prison momentarily pushed from her mind. 

Rock everywhere.. Where am I? She slowly looked down. I am up high... this must be a cave. It's so dark! 

Some light filtered into the cave from the entrance, she could eventually make out the rough shape of the cave, the fact she wasn't too high up, there was a rocky floor and it was quite wide with one side disappearing into the gloom. 

She looked around more and gasped quietly. 

There to her side was another creature! What the hell! 

As she gazed upon the dark shape she felt her clit quiver a little as she realised that in the centre of the mass of tentacles was another person. 

Oh my god! What's it doing to him? 

Now her eyes were adjusted to the gloom of the cave she could easily make out the other person, and that person was a guy. 

He is completely black.. the rubber must have coated him as well! And those tentacles are all over him holding him tight.. just like me.. 

She gave a quick tug on her bindings, the offspring responded by a hard tug on her clit which caused her to moan deeply. 

She looked closer. Ohh fuck.. mm... he is all wrapped up.. She could see his muscles strain. His well defined muscles.. those strong shoulders.. wow his arms are huge! 

Sarah bit her bottom lip as she gazed as the gorgeous trapped form. 

Looking further down she could see a well-defined wash board stomach, one that was flexing and working as his prison worked him over good. Her gaze moved up over his butt, his cheeks coated in a thin sheet of latex, spread and with a tentacle disappearing between them. His front only exposed a bare pelvic region but his cock was well and truly trapped within one large tentacle which ended in a number of smaller ones as they caressed and tickled him. The tentacle surrounding his cock was quite thin and she could even see his shaft within its grip and moaned quietly at his length. 

Sarah felt a mental groan as her own prison responded, thrusting slowly, deeply within her as she felt unable to tear her eyes away. His thick muscular legs were curled up at the knee behind him, both of them surrounded by loops of latex. 

Wow what a specimen.. All that strength and he can't get out? Mmm... why does that turn me on so much? Ahhh.. Sarah felt her breasts sucked upon firmly, the thin latex tentacles around her nipples vibrated strongly. 

"Oh god.." 

Barely keeping her own eyes open, Sarah didn't notice the man slowly open his eyes, she felt lost in the pleasure of being trapped within ecstasy, experiencing orgasm after orgasm. She began to lose track of time as her universe shrunk to only include her body and the latex creature that has her within its divine grip. 

".. Sarah?" 

She gave a little start at the noise, opening her eyes quickly she looked around and found the man near her looking straight at her, his own body continued to be manipulated but a steely gaze told her he was ignoring it for the moment. 

She opened her eyes wider and looked at his face, those lips, that nose... that jawline and cheeks.. could it be.. 

"Mark?" 

"Uhh.. Sarah! What.. what are you doing here?" 

"I came looking for.. Ahh!.. I came looking for you Mark, you never came back.." 

"This thing. It overpowered me, it caught me.. bought me back.. mm... back here.. Gah!" 

"Oh god me too, I couldn't escape from it! It.. it held me and wrapped me up and wont stop touching me.. fuck!" 

Mark groaned loudly and closed his eyes. 

How could Sarah be here too? She must have come to find me... Why did it capture her? What does it want with us? She never looked so good before, did that thing change her? 

Yes it did my love. As I have changed you. You are now worthy vessels of our essence. Worthy of our love. 

Mark gazed over Sarah's beautiful form, her eyes closed as she again surrendered her mind to her captor. 

He felt an increased suction and vibration on his cock and deep inside his ass and knew he was being built to a tremendous orgasm. 

Soon you will be free and yet you will be forever imprisoned within us. Free to do our bidding. 

Mark could only scream in frustration as his orgasm crashed over him hard, knocking him out once more. 

***** 

Mark awoke slowly. 

Inhaling deeply it took him a few moments to realise he was resting on his back. And a few more moments to feel a faint warmth beside him. Turning his head he could see Sarah lying beside him, also slowly coming around. 

She opened her eyes and felt the rise and fall of her chest, weighed down slightly by her new boobs. Hearing a soft noise beside her she turned her head to gaze at Mark, both of them grasping hands in mutual assurance. 

"it.. it let us go?" 

"I think so Sarah.. oh fuck.. I've never.. so intense.. so long!" 

Sarah shuddered at the thought; the unending ecstasy did in fact end. 

"Wait.. Mark.. it's still on us..." 

Mark looked closer at their bodies and realised they were both midnight black from the neck down. 

"It's let us go though.. right?" 

Looking down they both found their improved bodies were clearly defined under a thin layer of latex. As though it was their new skin. 

Muscles were well defined, nipples clearly visible, and genitals all appeared as if they were naked. 

Not like latex then.. 

No my love. We are not merely latex. 

Mark and Sarah groaned together as they realised their captors still had them. 

Since you have experienced our world, we decided to experience yours. You are free to go now. 

But.. you are still on us! 

No. We are within you. Both of you. Each moment brings us closer together until we will become one. 

In response, Mark saw some muscles increase in mass as well as his cock vibrate softly under its latex skin. 

"Mmm..." 

Turning to his side he could see Sarah's impressive body also subject to her captors whim; her breasts increased in size some more. Her clit quivered from a definite stimuli. He watched her in fascination as she arced her back and moaned deeply. 

Trapped in a black living latex.. 

Mark summed up his strength to roll over and kiss Sarah hard As her eyes opened. She returned it lovingly. 

The both slowly stood up. 

"I think mine has gone silent on me.. I can't talk to it any more Mark" 

"I think it's as it said. We are free. We should head home and get some sleep..." 

She managed a sexy smile as she slowly walked up to him, not stopping till her body gently squished into his own. 

"Not on your own Mister." 

Mark smiled back and held her tight in his arms, relishing her body and the amazing smoothness the latex gave it. 

"Thanks for rescuing me." 

***** 

As they both drove back, their thoughts were on what to do now? Little did they know their prisons would not leave them with much choice.