 A sequel! This one has transformation of not just a gal but also a boy! If you don't like femboys and shemales might as well turn around at this point cause there's gonna be dicks, let me tell ya. Oh, and the standard cadre of weird fucking perversions: lactation, mind control, transformation. You know: totally normal things to get a boner over.

Enjoy! 

*** **

The Shake It, Baby was almost spooky quiet when Ash and Nina entered through the push doors, hand in hand. A gentle jingling bell heralded their arrival. The mild tinkling startled a young woman with gorgeous blonde hair out of a daze, making her practically jump from her position at the counter. She smiled at the sight of the pair; her hands coming up from below the counter to fetch a pair of menus.

"Welcome!" she said in a bubbly voice, then tapped the nametag on her left breast. "My name is Lezlee and I'd love to be your waitress for today! Oh, my, a guy!" she added as if noticing Ash's gender for the first time. "Are you...no, that's fine, this is a progressive establishment after all. Everyone is welcome. Yay! I'll get your booth, just right this way!"

Ash and Nina exchanged a look as the waitress staggered her way out from behind the register over to an empty booth. The decor of a 1950s cafe matched Lezlee's outfit only in the general aesthetic. She doubted many servers in burger joints during the McCarthy era had too many pink pencil skirts and plunging necklines that left every inch of cleavage exposed. Both had to struggle not to ogle the poor thing, but nobody could stop their eyes from locking onto the luxurious width of her hips and the sway of her ass like some kind of lewd pendulum. Ash was thankful to have a table to cover any trace of an erection bulging out his jeans, and he slid into the seat opposite Nina. A pair of laminated menus sat on either side, and the pair glanced over the options before turning their attention back to their waitress.

"I definitely appreciate the decor," Ash said when Lezlee was out of earshot, eyes locked onto her retreating posterior. Nina's flats made contact with his shin hard enough to make him wince.

"Stop eye-fucking the wait-staff, you pig," she said with a grin, her own attention on the appetiser selections. "Besides, why do you need a dim bimbo like that when you have me?"

Nina pointed at her various traits as if to show herself off like a prize on a game show, and she was right. Ash thought she was the hottest damn woman in the world. She had a round, loving face, the kind you'd hope your nurse to have if you got sick. Soft, subtle curves filled out her buttoned blouse and cute cutoffs, but the knowledge of what a tight body waited underneath those clothes made Ash's hormones rage in mere proximity to her. Her hair was cut only to her earlobes. Not his preference, but it was her head. He was just glad she kept it dark brown, rather than the gaudy, ditzy blonde her friends had been favouring lately.

Ash nodded over to the bent-over bottom of Lezlee the waitress. She was blonde too, and looked like she couldn't find a clue in a box full of murder-themed board games. "I bet you she'd join a threesome with us."

"Oh god," Nina said, resting her cheek on one hand. "You're really something else, aren't you?"

Ash swept back his longer than usual black locks. Blessed with thick natural hair, he liked to keep it short. Long hair was for chicks and weirdos, after all. "I like to think so. She looks just about slutty enough to go for a ménage à trois with a pair of strangers, don't you think?"

She hid the smile that crept up the corners of her mouth. "Pretty much yeah. God, what kind of restaurant makes their staff wear all pink?"

Before he could answer, Lezlee was back with a big notepad and an even wider smile. "Hiya again! What can I get for ya, or do you need some more time?"

They ordered. Ash noted that yes, their waitress was indeed writing down the food they wanted in a pink gel pen and writing hearts above the i's like a ditzy schoolgirl. Once the waitress took off with their food, Nina leaned over the table. 

"Wanna try the comp trick again?" she whispered in a conspiratorial tone.

"Oh, god, you're even worse than I am!" he said through a laugh. "You know we nearly got kicked out the last time we tried it. The bill's gonna be like twenty bucks tops. Believe me, I got us covered."

But her devious smile didn't waiver. "What's a matter, sweetheart? Gonna pussy out on me?"

A playful stalemate ensued. Once Nina wiggled her eyebrows, Ash found himself sufficiently goaded. "Alright, alright. Lemme take the lead though. You can barely keep from laughing half the time we do this shit."

Their order came just in time as the grumble in Ash's stomach was becoming audible. But when the waitress lowered the plates onto the table, he frowned.

"You sure this is our order?" he asked, looking around the restaurant. Feigning confusion, he could see no other heads waiting for food.

Rather than sense their displeasure, Lezlee beamed and answered as if she was back in school and asked to give the answer to a simple addition problem. "Yup! One burg, no mayo, extra pickles and one root beer float with extra coconut sprinkles!"

"Jesus, did you even listen to us?" Ash shot back. He started counting off a series of fictitious errors on his fingers, and each made the peppy waitress deflate a little bit more. "I said a lettuce bun, no pickles, and sweet potato fries on the side."

"And I wanted a cherry cola float, and definitely no coconut sprinkles, ick!" she said, flicking the dusting of sprinkles that rested on top of her ice cream treat. Truthfully, she adored coconut, but selling the bit was important.

"B-but...but I..." Lezlee sputtered, but Ash wouldn't be stopped. Nina laughed at this exchange, neither of the pair showing any particular mercy to the dim waitress.

"Alright honey, listen, here's what you do. You go get your boss and explain to her how badly you fucked up. Chop chop."

It looked like Lezlee was thinking of doing just that. But instead of clomp off to explain her apparent failures, her eyes welled up and she snivelled. The fun drained from the endeavour as the buxom blonde stood there and bawled her eyes out.

An older woman of maybe forty years stomped out from the door to the kitchen with a fire in her eyes. She put herself in between Lezlee's quivering form and the table where Nina and Ash were sitting, shielding the blubbering bimbo with her busty body. 

"What is the meaning of this?" the woman asked in a stern tone, her hands planted firmly on her hips. The nametag said Zelda and she was clearly in more of a position of authority. Though neither Nina nor her boyfriend particularly feared the wrath of a head waitress at some shitty diner.

"Your waitress fucked up our orders," Ash said, equally indigent. "I guess she was too busy showing off her ass to remember that I ordered sweet potato fries, not regular fries. And my girlfriend's float is the wrong flavour!" 

Zelda wrapped her arms around the sobbing girl and whispered something into her ear. Lezlee moped back to the kitchen and disappeared, leaving the three of them in a standoff. Ash could tell this wasn't the pushover that Lezlee would have likely been, but he stood his ground. Why the hell would he be intimidated?

"Listen," he held out his hands to feign civility, dropping the intense displeasure from his voice. "I'm just looking to have a meal here. We'll take this food, it looks fine. But it wasn't what we ordered. I hope you understand."

Zelda raised an eyebrow. "Oh? Hope I understand what?"

"That the meal is...that we won't have to pay," Nina clarified in a voice that was about a misplaced vowel short of cracking up. It looked physically painful for her to keep a straight face through this fake outrage. "We're the customers, and the customers are a-always right."

"I have a feeling that you're not telling me something," Zelda said. A long, awkward moment dragged on as her eyes darted between the two of them. But like sun coming out after an overcast morning, a great big smile appeared on her pretty face. "But, I suppose you're right. Here, in addition to comping the meal, let me get you both two home made, extra special ice cream treats!"

Nina looked at her boyfriend like they'd just dodged a bullet. He smiled himself. "That sounds great! Thank you. I don't hold anything against the restaurant, of course. Accidents happen," Ash said.

Zelda nodded slowly. "Yes. Everyone makes mistakes."

*** 

Ash and Nina finished off their meal, gobbling up their food while exchanging the grins of having just pulled off yet another successful heist. 

"I didn't think she'd go for it!" Nina whispered. 

"Neither did I," Ash replied in the same quiet tone, "But I guess I'm just too good a negotiator. You're lucky you brought me along!"

The serving tray returned, but this time carried by Zelda herself. She placed two glass bowls of the most delectable strawberry ice cream either had ever seen where their empty plates had been, followed by a pair of fresh spoons.

"Hope you enjoy your...just desserts~" the woman said. Ash took a spoonful before he noticed that Zelda hadn't left. She was just...watching them. It almost distracted him long enough to forget about the ice cream on his spoon. But, well, it was free ice cream! He'd have to be a fool to not at least taste it.

The moment the cold metal of the spoon hit his mouth and his tastebuds touched the icy treat, Ash was in a whole new world. It was easily the best thing he'd ever tasted! It took profound willpower to keep from just emptying the bowl into his mouth and gorging himself. Looking over at his girlfriend, she was having a similar culinary experience. He'd seen her make a similar face before, but it was immediately after he'd finished eating her out to completion for the first time. Whoever made this strawberry ice cream knew what they were doing!

With a few licks of the rim, the ice cream was gone. Ash felt a tinge of regret that it was all gone, but the deep satisfaction of having such a delightful dessert. There was the oddest sensation at the back of his throat, and the slight tingle on his tongue. Was that...bitterness? In ice cream? That didn't make any sense at all! The residual saltiness made even less sense, though he thought about it and remembered hearing about how you could make homemade ice cream by putting salt in a bag and moving it around or...something. Maybe it was that?

"I see you both enjoyed the dish!" Zelda said. As if on cue, the waitress returned. Her makeup had been fixed up to the point where it didn't even look like she'd been crying. On the contrary, there was a devilish grin on her face that made Ash almost nervous. He'd forgotten that she'd been standing there while he was devouring the ice cream.

"Uhh, yeah. It was really good!" Ash replied. Nina nodded her agreement, which only made Lezlee's nefarious smile grow even wider! Zelda herself looked as cool as a cucumber-flavoured gelatto. 

"I'm glad we could work out that little disagreement. Especially after you were so cruel to a member of my staff. Lezlee might be a little dim, but she's not dumb enough to botch an entire order. So I have a feeling that the meal that you received was exactly the meal you ordered."

The chill that ran up Ash's spine had nothing to do with the ice cream. His expression revealed nothing, however. This wasn't his first Food Heist. 

"I resent that implication ma'am. In fact, I think we'll be going now."

"SIT DOWN." 

It sounded like a normal voice, but Zelda's command reveberated in Ash's head like she'd yelled at the volume of a jet engine. He winced, but didn't move anywhere. He couldn't!

"It takes a lot of nerve," Zelda continued in her normal voice, "To come into a restaurant, bully an innocent bimbo, and take advantage of her ditziness to scam a free meal. You two are not very nice at all."

Ash tried to stand, but found he couldn't. He started to panic, though he scrambled through a list of realistic possibilities for why his legs weren't working. Muscle cramp? Head rush? Temporarily forgetting how to walk?

"That's...that's not true!" he ventured, fidgeting against his sudden immobility. The sinking feeling in his gut told him that there was something terribly wrong going on.

Zelda shook her head, actually tsking at him like a disappointed parent. "And still trying to lie your way out of it. How shameless. I can think of a way to teach you a lesson about the price of being cruel to my serving staff...by joining them!"

Before Ash could try and claw his way out of this predicament again, he felt a strange sensation in his stomach. The previous contented fulness from the meal turned to a sudden, urgent tingling. It slid outward to his extremities, feeling like his whole body was on pins and needles. 

Nina also felt something strange. The tingles on her end moved to her breasts and her rear. Surprised, she tried to stand up too. But her legs refused to budge!

"W-what's going on?" she asked in a frightened tone. It felt like she was glued to the spot. But even as she struggled against her sudden immobilisation, the tingling grew more and more intense.

"What's the matter, hun? Having problems getting up? I know that ice cream can go straight to your thighs~" Zelda said with a cackle of glee. "It's just lucky enough for you that I have two spots on my staff that I need filling, Yes...yes both of you will do quite well, I think."

Nina's body morphed, stretching out the fabric of her clothes. Her breasts were the most noticable expansion, going so far as to pop the buttons out of her top to reveal the pale skin beneath. Her jeans split down the middle of her growing ass and hips. Strangest of all were the head-scratching nubs that pushed out from the top of her head. She patted them, only to feel what felt like the beginnings of horns!

Her breath was hot and hard as her whole world focused down to a few portions of her body that screamed out with a myriad of sensations. She was mutating in a matter of seconds, and since her legs weren't cooperating, she could do nothing but hope that this whole thing would end soon!

Her eyes shot open when the next wave of feelings hit. Everything felt so...full! She stared blankly at the two voluminous pillows pushing out of her chest. There was another sensation there, just under the surface, like her breasts were becoming denser and heavier even as they expanded and pressed at her blouse's fabric. When the limits of her top were reached, it popped open. Though dismayed that her tits were out in the open, she could finally see what was going on.

A bead of thin, white fluid had formed on her nipples

"I'm...lactating?!" she gasped, holding up her floppy tit to get a closer look. Squeezing herself forced a tiny squirt of milk to run down her skin. The trail of fluid didn't stop, however. Soon it was joined by the second breast. She was practically a milk dispenser!

What was stranger was what was happening between her thighs. Her lower lips were drifting apart, opening wider and more prominently. Her previously cute kitty was becoming a lewd fuckhole! To top it off, the strange tingling sensation was replaced in her nethers by a damp chill. A dark patch expanded through her jeans...she was getting wet?!

Zelda looked down between Nina's legs, putting her hand there to feel the moistened fabric. "All apart of the ice cream's effects, I'm afraid. Both of you were given separate doses of some powerful magic, thanks in part to some donations by the girl you bullied."

Lezlee stepped forward, raising up her skirt. Kept in check by a smartly-constructed pouch was her very real, very large cock. It sprung out of its silken captivity, half hard, letting everyone know that the waitress had been very interested in this particular form of revenge. Around her foreskin dripped a pink fluid...which smelled faintly of strawberries!

Nina was aghast, putting two and two together and shoving the empty ice cream glass away from her. But it was too late. She was already affected by its terrible taint. 

"Hard to...hard to think," Nina said, clutching her forehead. Zelda cackled.

"That's alright sweetie. Cows don't need to think. All they need to do is drip and leak and moo."

"Moo?" she muttered feebly as her tits dribbled milk onto the table. It was so hard to think now. All that mattered was the pressure in her steadily filling breasts and the heat from her extremely loose pussy. Her booth was soaked in vaginal fluids as her excitement drizzled from her freely, down her already drenched clothing and pooling like rainwater in the curve of the bench seat. "Moooo."

Ash sprung up out of his magically-enduced lethargy, trying to fight off the weakness growing in his limbs. "I don't know what you're doing to us. But you won't get away with this, lady. I'm calling the cops!"

The hostress laughed. "No you won't."

An overwhelming sense of helpless clouded Ash's thoughts, combined with a feeling of pent up sexual energy. Like he hadn't orgasmed in a week, rather than just a few hours before with Nina at her place. His whole lower half ached worse than it ever had in his most dire teenage years, and he had to fight to keep from buckling over from the sensation.

"What...what's wrong with me?" he asked, voice thready and barely audible.

"Nothing, dear. I'm just making some adjustments to your body. First off, let's get rid of some of that unnecessary size, shall we?"

His skin became tight all over his body, like he was overstuffed and it was barely holding together. The sensation became even stranger when he noticed his clothes were getting baggy. He pulled at his loose collar in confusion only to see his muscled chest melt away into a pair of rosy pink nipples and a soft, hairless tummy.

"Stop this!" Ash demanded. "I don't wanna look like this!" But there was nothing he could do. His clothes changed as well, coming back around his body properly. Only this time, they were...cute? His jeans had become skinny, his top had been cropped, and his underwear was nowhere to be seen.

"And let's not forget the most important part~" Zelda said with that same maniacal glee. Her eyes dipped down to his groin. Ash clutched his cock, a proud seven inches of lady-pleasing power.

"Please...not that!" But it was too late. He could already feel his dick retreat into his pubis. He grabbed a hold of his foreskin to try and tug it back out into place, but he only succeeded in making his cock hurt. The width decreased too. He went from a soda can of pussy-pounding meat to a itty bitty boyclitty that barely managed to rival his new pinky finger in size. 

"Isn't that much better?" she asked. Ash balled up his fists and stared at his tormentor. 

"Do what you want to me you...you bitch! But leave my girlfriend alone. This was all my idea!"

Zelda feigned a gasp. "My word! Such masculinity! Such bravado! That won't do at all. I don't like my boys thinking they're real men. Let's do away with some of that, shall we? I don't see any reason for you to have stamina, or any great deal of sexual experience for that matter. In fact, I think I'll take your memories of being a hot and ready hunk as well!"

She pressed her fingers to his temples. A jolt of lightning shot through his spine, making him convulse briefly. Memories flashed through his head as clear as they day they had formed. Each was a moment of passion between him and his several girlfriends. Each was cherished in its own way, even the bad lays or after the harsh breakups. But now that same shocking energy was altering the images in his mind.

His first time with a girl in the back of his Dad's car on Prom Night warped and reformed into him awkwardly humping his date on the dance floor, only to prematurely squirt off in his pants. The passionate moans dissolved into unkind laughter of his peers. He shook that off, trying to focus on another memory. Another cherished experience in the bedroom, or sometimes outside of it. Each time it turned to something humiliating or just pathetic. Dates reformed into elaborate masturbatory fantasies he'd had, not real events. One night stands became embarassing moments of admitted virginity and the heat in his cheeks from the shame that resulted.
