 He stood in the doorway unsure what he made of the whole thing. She lay on the four-poster bed, her feet towards the door, her head resting in the palm of her hand. He stumbled into the bedroom, feeling slightly in a daze. Underneath her lay rose petals and he could smell the faint tingle of vanilla, honey and nutty almond. He stopped short of the bed, his eyes taking in her form. She sat up the material, a deep purple colour, cling in all the right places and leaving little to the imagination. It was prefect he thought, his eyes taking her in. The deep colour of the material made her skin the perfect creamy white he always imagined it to be. She looked down her cheeks pink with embarrassment. She moved to kneel before him, the French lingerie that her and Rose picked out the day before, making the lace brushing against the tops of her thighs. Her hands ran up and down his chest, sending shivers up his spine.

She crawled back up the sheets, her cute butt exposed from under the purple. He crawled up after her, his fingers brushing against rose petals. She giggled as his hands came up around her ankles pulling her back towards him. He flipped her over, his hands either side of her head, her legs in between his knees. A wicked smile spread across his face an evil glint in his eyes. She giggled again, her hands pulling at the edge of his t-shirt. His eyes ran down her chest, the twist design at the top, cupping her breast in exactly the right way. He straggled her legs, allowing for her to pull the t-shirt over his head. His fingers dropped to his belt, working hastily to unclip the buckle. His shirt lay discarded on the floor, as he flung his belt alongside it. He flipped over, his legs tangled with her, pulling her across his chest, as he pushed off his boots with urgent toes.

She giggled, her hands resting on his chest, pushing up slightly to look down at him. He sat up resting on his elbows. He bent his head up, catching her lips with his. She pulled free of their tangled legs, pulling herself up his body, her legs slipping either side of his chest as she straddled his stomach. They broke apart, their breath ragged gasps, their heartbeats thundering in their ears. She sat back her hands running down his bare chest, to the top of his pants. With steady fingers, she unfastened the button from its slit and tugged gently on the zipper. With a jagged breath, he seized both of her hands in one of his. He squeezed slightly to capture her attention, before she or this could go any further.

She looked down at him, his expression hard to read. He sighed, liking the way she sat on top of him. He didn't want it to stop, but the small voice in his head, kept yelling to use reason. She rocked her hip, teasing at the bulge that started to grow in his pants and was painfully pushing for escape. A thrill ran up his spine as he considered all the possibilities that this situation could lead to. He mental shook his head, trying to stop the sudden images and fantasies that clouded his mind and not only his. He pulled her hands closer, his lips brushing lightly over her knuckles. She slid from her place over him, and slipped in between his legs, once again kneeling before him. A look of hurt flickered through her eyes, as if she knew his conflicting thoughts.

He sighed again, ignoring his conflicted thoughts and pulled himself into a sitting position. She tugged against his restricting hand, wishing to free her wrists. He drew them to his bare chest, her hands clenched into hard fists, against his skin. A small growled sob, vibrated deep in her throat, as she tagged to free herself. With a broken gasp he through his arms around her, drawing her to his chest. He kicked himself mental for ruining the moment. He rested his chin on the top of her head, cradling her to his chest. Hot tears rolled down her cheek, kissing at his collarbone.

"Sorry," he mumbled, not knowing what else to say. She growled again, but it broke off into hurt whimper.

"I do," he said gently, drawing back slightly and cupping her face in his large hands. His thumb stroked over her wet, red cheeks, catching tears along the way.

"Believe me I do, I really do," he breathed, closing his eyes and sighing. He kissed her forehead, breathing deeply the scent that clung to her hair and skin.

"You don't," she gasped, breaking free of his embrace and rolling off the bed. Her arms wrapped around her, hugging herself, despite the heat. He groaned in frustration, both sexually and from the situation.

"I do," he growled sinisterly, jumping off the bed and stalking towards her. She turned, facing his dark, but sexual expression. She dropped her gaze to his open pants, and the bulge that poked out. She looked away, the heat rising up her neck and across her cheeks.

"Oh I really do," he repeated in the same sinister growl, pushing her back into the wall. He stood over her, his chest pushed against her, his bulge rubbing against the flat plains of her stomach and crotch. She closed her eyes, doubling the friction between them. He groaned deep in his throat, as a small gasp parted her lips. Screw reason he thought, killing the little voice in his head.

He bent down, catching her lips and kissing her furiously, pulling her into his embrace. His right hand snaked around her neck, holding her head in place, while his fingers tangled in her fair locks. His left hand, slid down her spine, resting firmly against the small of her back. Her legs wrapped around his waist, her hands crawling at his back. She wanted more. She wanted all of him, to devour him in one moment of pure sexual pleasure. She wanted the one moment to last forever. He stepped forward, the wall meeting her back. His hands held firmly to her hips, as he kissed a trail along her jaw line down to her collarbone. His tongue darted out licking along the line of her pulse.

She shivered, tilting her head back exposing her throat and giving him full access to it. Her hands ran up his back and along his shoulders, loving the taut feel of his muscles under her fingertips. He quivered as her fingers tickled up his neck and intertwined into his dark hair. She dragged his head back and lowered her lips to his. He kissed her hungrily, like a starved man receiving food for the first time. He growled hungrily in the back of his throat, it vibrating through their kiss. They broke apart, their breathing hard and fast. He looked at her and groaned in desperation. Her thigh rubbed at his bulge, as she shifted her weight. He groaned again, pushing into her and pinning her against the wall.

"You torture me," he gasped, loving the friction between them. She tilted her head to the side, her eyes filled with a wicked lust, her full lips turned up in a sinful smile. He titled his head back, closed his eyes. He felt her shift her weight again, as she lowered her lips to his throat.

She unwrapped her legs from around his waist her feet dropping lightly to the hard wood floor, not breaking the friction between them. His hands remain on her hips, as her lips kissed down his throat. Her tongue darted out licking up his pulse, making him shudder. She kissed down again. Her lips trailed along his chest, as her hands ran along his back. He gasped as she took a nipple, into her mouth and sucked hungrily at it. He inhaled sharply as her fangs, bit playfully at the sensitive nub. She tugged gentle, once, before releasing the nub. She kissed across his chest, taking his right nipple in between her teeth. 

He felt her fangs brush against his skin, and shivered when he realized they were fully extended. She bit down, her fangs piecing the skin. His left hand came up, cradling the back of her head, his fingers curling up in her curls holding her in place. She breathed deeply, smelling the strong rich scent of his blood; that rich tingle of rich coffee, whirled with cinnamon. She sucked gently on the puncture marks, drawing a steady stream of blood to the surface. He felt his heart constrict slightly as she pulled on his blood. His heart started beating faster, as the pull got stronger. She pulled back, her fangs, making an audible smack as they pulled out of his skin. A tiny trail of blood trickled from the small puncture wounds and down his Pecs. She lowered her head again, licking up the trail of blood as the puncture wounds healed up. She flicked her tongue over the nub, getting another shudder out of him. She started kissing her way down his body again. She kissed along his abs, her fingertips following the path already taken by her lips. She dropped to her knees, making his hands, slip up to her shoulders. 

He clenched her shoulders, his fingernails dipping into her bare flesh. She kissed his lower stomach, her tongue darting into his naval. Her hands slipped down further, resting lightly against his hips. Her fingers slipped under the waistband of his pants, and tugged them down over his thighs. She released the fabric allowing it to pool around his ankles. He tightened his hold on her shoulders. She pulled back, looking up at him. His head had rolled to the left, his eyes still closed. His lips were slightly parted, his face a mask of pure desperation and sexual pain. He opened his eyes, looking down at her knelt form.

"Please," he pleaded, his lip quivering slightly. She sighed her breath tickling at the bulge, through the fabric of his boxer briefs. His hands tighten again on her shoulders, his fingernails drawing blood, his fingertips bruising her skin. Her breath came out in a pained hiss, as her hands came up and around his wrists. She pried his fingers from her shoulders. He gave a weak smile, intertwining his fingers through hers.

She tugged his hands down, kissing the inside of each of his wrists, before unlinking their fingers. His hands dropped lightly back to her shoulders, his fingers tracing the black-bluish marks on her skins. Her fingers slipped under the waistband of his briefs, pulling it down over his length and skimming the fabric over his thighs. His length bounced free, slapping faintly against his thigh, before standing erect. He closed his eyes, his head rolling back, his lips parted in a silent 'oh'. She lowered her head, her hair tickling along his length. She kissed along his 'v', her hands resting lightly against his lower back. Her hands ran down along his butt and down and around his thighs.

She kissed up his length, stopping at the tip. Her tongue flicked out, sliding along the tip. She licked back down to the base. He shuddered again, his fingers intertwining in her hair. His soft pubs brushed lightly against her cheeks, tickling the skin. She moved back, her bum resting against her heels and looked up at him. He remained unmoved; his head still tipped back, his lips parted in that silent 'oh'. His hands in her hair, pushed her forward slightly, his response to her sudden stop. She smiled, her fangs flashing white. Her right hand ran up his thigh and around the base of his length. She stroked upwards towards the head, applying steady pressure as she went. She stopped at the head, her thumb caressing the tip. She squeezed, receiving a deep groan in the back of his throat. Her exploring fingers found the sensitive slit and a small smile broke across her features as she rubbed her thumb against it. His head cocked up, his eyes opened wide, shocked clearly by her sudden action.

"Where," he managed to groan as she did it again. She looked at him, her hand repeating the action making his body shudder under her touch. She smiled, her eyes yet again filled with wicked lust. She shook her head, making her curls bounce around her face.

He groaned as she took him in her mouth. Her teeth gazed along his length, causing his knees to buckle. His right hand came out, holding onto the post of the bed, to steady himself. She continued her steady rhythm, her left hand steadying herself against his thigh, her right hand fondling his balls. His left hand moved from her shoulder to the back of her head, his fingers curling into her hair. He looked down at her, almost exploding because of the view. She knelt before him, her lips stretched over his length. Her left hand rested against his thigh, the other disappearing under him. He could feel her tongue running up and down his erection, as she kept her steady rhythm. He groaned in satisfaction, making her look up at him. He watched as the corners of her mouth turned up, a sexually sweet smile.

"You really like torturing me," he moaned the wood of the post splintering under his fingers. She dropped her gaze, her fingers trailing up and down his thigh. He shuddered again, pulling her head back and away from him.

"Enough," he breathed, collapsing back on to the bed. She smiled at his weakened form, fighting back laughter. She crawled forward resting her head against his thigh. Her hand resumed its stroking, making goose bumps form under her fingers. He clenched the sheets, balling them up in his fists. A growled rumbled deep in his throat, making her burst into laughter.

"Why," he begged, looking down the length of his body at her. She smiled wickedly, flashing her fangs at him. She turned her head and kissed up his thigh.

He growled again, flashing his own fangs at her. She pulled away from his thigh and crawled up the bed. She lay next to him, her head resting in her upturned palm. His right hand came up, his fingers trailing along the plains of her chest. His fingers slipped into the darkness of her cleavage.

They trailed back up, along the pulse in her throat and along the line of her lips. She caught a finger in her mouth, nipping it slightly with a fang. His eyes darkened, as he brought her limp wrists to his lips. Lust flashed across his face, as he pulled back his lips and sank his fangs into the delicate vein. She gasped faintly at the connection. He rolled onto his side, mirroring her. She rolled back onto her back, as blood pooled into his mouth. Her heart beat faster as her blood pumped thickly through her veins. He pulled back looking at her. She bit her bottom lip, her eyes glazed over as she stared at the ceiling.

He rolled over, straddling himself over her. She propped herself up in her elbows, as he brought his head down towards hers. Her lips parted willing him access. Their tongues wrestled with each other, exploring the depth of the other. She could taste her blood on his lips. His length pushed against the plains of her stomach, as he pulled her up into his arms. She could hear their combined heartbeats and their ragged quick breath. He kissed down her jaw line, then down along her throat. He sucked at her pulse, causing her pulse to quicken. She leaned into him; her head tipped back her hair brushing against her bare shoulder blades.

His hands came up and cupped her face, as his lips kissed the length of her collarbone. She gasped as his fangs sank into her shoulder. Without removing his lips or fangs from her shoulder, his hands slid down from her face to the back of her neck. She clenched the sheets under her. He pulled back as his hands slide down from her neck to her bare shoulders and then down her back. He moved his head back to her neck, and sucked against her pulse.

"I want this off," he mumbled against her neck, as his tongue flickered out. Her hands came up around his neck, her fingers entwining in his hair. His lips trailed down her throat to her chest. His lips trailed the length of her chest, before resting at the top of her cleavage. He dropped his head, until his chin brushed the top of the fabric. His tongue flicked out licking up the length of her cleavage. It was her turn to shudder.

"I want this off," he snarled, pulling back and looking at her. She tilted her head to the side, confusion flickering across her face.

"Huh?" she asked, her fingers running up and down the length of his neck.

"This," he said bluntly, pulling at the fabric slightly. Her lips parted in a silent 'oh', her cheeks turning red. She sat back her hands cupping the material and pulling it up over her head.

She let it slip from her hand, finding a lovely home on the floor. The cool air of the room licked at her bare chest, making her nipples go hard. He pushed her back lightly, her head falling back onto the pillows. She wriggled up the bed, using the pillows to prop herself up. He crawled forward slightly, kneeling before her. His hands ran up her bare legs, resting at the top of her thighs, were fabric met flesh. His fingers curled under the fabric, pulling it back and away, before pulling it down over her thighs, knees and calves. He tugged slightly at the fabric, before flinging it behind him. 

He parted her legs, with a knee as he crawled up the length of her body to kiss her. His lips pressed down on hers hungrily. His length brushed against her stomach, as his knee pressed against her centre. She leaned into him, loving the friction that his knee made. She groaned into their kiss, as he deepened the kiss. He applied more pressure with his knee, smiling as he received a slightly gasp from her. He broke their kiss, giving her a cocky smile. She shook her head, fighting back laughter. His fingers ran up and down her sides, as he kissed down to her chest. She watched him, her fingers playing in his hair. His lips trailed over to her left breast, taking the sensitive nub and sucking. His right hand trailed along her side, coming up and cupping her right breast. His thumb, brushed over the other nub, playing with it while his mouth was at work.

He pulled back and trailed over to the other, swapping positions. She sucked in a sharp breath, as his fangs sank into the sensitive skin. The breath escaped her in a hiss, as she felt the pull of blood to the surface. He parted her legs further, kneeling between them. He pulled out his fangs, giving off an audible pop. Blood dripped from his fangs, kissing his lips. He licked his lips, around a sigh savouring the taste of her. He licked up the small dots of blood, watching the puncture wounds seal up. He moved his head to the centre of her chest, placing soft kisses along the line of her cleavage. His hands skimmed down to her hips, as his lips trailed kisses down the flat plains of her stomach. He kissed lightly at her naval, allowing his tongue to flicker across the sensitive skin. She shivered under his touch, as he kissed down to his hands. His fingers massaged at her hips, as he kissed past his hands and along her thighs.

His fingers trailed along from her hips to her knees then back again. She shivered again, goose bumps popping up on her skin. He kissed back up her thigh, across her lower stomach and down her other thigh. She gave a small whimper, looking down at him and his lack of action. He looked up the length of her body arching an eyebrow at her. She whimpered again. He smiled, his cocky smile kissing her naval again. His left arm encircled her hips, lifting her sweet centre to his mouth. His tongue flicked out, licking up the line of her cleft. She shuddered under him, making him smile. He lowered his head, parting her lips and probing at her sweetness. She gasped at the sudden invasion of her crotch, as he licked her up again finding her clit and sucking on it. She moaned as she felt his fangs gaze against her skin. She arched her back into his touch, allowing his hands to slide along her lower back and cup her butt cheeks in each hand. He squeezed, her butt getting a moan in response.

He sucked hungrily on her little bud. He pulled back kissing her lower stomach. She breathed hard, waiting for the bite. It came as he sunk his teeth, into her flesh. She arched her back, groaning, as the pull grew stronger. She looked down her body at him. He pulled back his lips spotted with blood. He smiled lazily, licking his lips, and then running his tongue over his fangs. His fingers trailed over the fading crescent moon, bite mark on her hip. She exhaled sharply, as his fangs sunk back into her hip. His arms wrapped around her waist, holding her in place, as she arched her back up into him. She balled the sheets up into her fists. He pulled back, his fangs coming out with an audible pop. His tongue flickered out catching a stray drop of blood, before he kissed his way back up the length of her body. He lifted himself up, looked down at her, his gaze darkly hungry. She lifted her head, her lips brushing against his chin. He lowed his head, his lips meshing with hers. He sucked hungrily on her lower lip. Her tongue darted out, drawing him to deepen the kiss. She could taste her own blood on his lips. She arched her back, pushing herself up and into him.
