 First up I would strongly suggest that if you haven't read chapter 1 please do so first, it will explain a lot things...

Apart from that, enjoy. BB1212




The Mayflower was named after some historical ship that most people have pretty much no memory of anymore. The first Mayflower floated on water and used the wind to make its way around the world. It was one hell of an expedition, but not wanting to gloat or anything ours beat the shit out of it. 

Our Mayflower was built in an off planet yard, because the boffins were worried that the pure energy used to take off for the first time could actually rip a hole in the atmosphere, and let all the oxygen out, killing everyone. She was capable of on-planet take-off, but we were going to test it for the first time on one that was uninhabited. 

Anyway, the Mayflower had twelve thermal propulsion units, and these were the new one hundred year models that had four times the power of the previous model and only had to be charged every six months. She was a funny looking ship. By then the idea of putting wheels on an aircraft was long gone, but even after that the design of the Mayflower was new. She was cylindrical and quite long, hence her nickname of 'the lonely lingam', and she had four wings near the end of the cylindrical body that in flight would be called left, right, top and bottom. To land her we had to learn to come in parallel to the ground and then lift the nose to vertical and put her down in the upright position. Given all the computer assistance we had in the beginning it wasn't all that hard. Later on though, it really tested our skills. 

But the Mayflower created a whole new set of rules, and we had to learn on the job as it was. She was the first ship with more than four thermal propulsion units, she was first ship designed to travel in excess of forty L and she was designed to travel for just one voyage that would take about six years in each direction. Inside it had to be a miniature planet. It had gravity, oxygen regeneration, hydroponic gardens and densely farmed chick-sheep for food. Drinkable water had to be created in previously unheard of quantities. We had to have work areas, sleep areas, exercise areas and relaxation areas too. The ship was armed, but because we had been at peace for so long the weapons she had were of an old design, and the skill of using them had almost died out.

Bira and I worked as a team throughout the training. We practiced daily with the small hand weapons known as M2K's. They were a small laser based device was powerful enough to slice cleanly through an apartment block. We also used the larger artillery, the A5K's, but this was rare because we had to go off world just to fire them. They were far too dangerous to use on our own planet. 

We also got to practice flying a scaled down version of the Mayflower, known amongst the pilots as the Janbud, and as usual we spent hours working on strength, fitness and stamina. Bira and I were almost an item by then, and we used up a lot of our relaxation time fucking, and as such working on strength, fitness and stamina during those times as well. We also were put through intensive science courses, as we would need to perform part of the science officers' jobs due to the low numbers of volunteers. 

Our hard work paid off in the long run, because I was made Captain of the third shift, and second in charge of the expedition, while Bira was made the second shifts number two pilot and ODC, which is Off Duty Commander. Basically that meant that while that shift was in their relaxation time she was the boss. This was done to give the shift Captain a chance to relax a bit, and in the long run it worked well. Bira was the only pilot to be made an ODC, the rest were all science officers.

I tried real hard during this time to get Bira to arrange for Tish and Tash to come and join us for a test session, but both of them had boyfriends, and wanted to be loyal to them until they left. I said it before, I don't think that any man, anywhere, will ever understand the female mind. But despite that little setback there was nothing wrong with our sex life, and during this time we tried swinging (going to a party that pretty much turned into an orgy) and Swinging (sort of like fucking, bungee jumping and paintball all thrown into one). We did clamp sex, where you are locked together, totally immobile, during intercourse, and given stimulants to heighten your arousal. We pretty much did anything we possibly could that involved getting our rocks off. This may sound pretty weird these days, but back then there was fuck all else but fucking to keep us occupied. 

The subsequent Galaxial awareness of Earth has given us a purpose again, even if that purpose is fight or die. But those were golden days all right. Like I said we trained and screwed and slept together for near on two years before the Mayflower was finally ready to leave, and then, in the last few months, the madness got even worse as we tried to say goodbye to everyone and to sell off all of our stuff. 

Like most of the people getting on the Mayflower I didn't think I would ever see Earth again. There were just so many unknowns in the mission that the chances of success were just about zero. We were all signed on to the ambitiously titled 'Inter Galactic Navy' for a period of twenty-five years. For that time we would be paid, but there was no need for money on the Mayflower, so the money would be added to our Global Bank accounts that we had opened to put all of our worldly assets into. I took the 'gamblers clause', which meant that if I didn't come back in the twenty-five years my family would get all the money in the account, but would not be paid any interest. If I did come back I'd get the money and the interest multiplied by ten. If that happened I'd be able to buy a small island and tell the whole world to fuck off. Bira just took the normal deal, and the capital including interest would be paid to her after twenty-five years, or to her family if she didn't make it back. 

We finally left on August the eighth two thousand and sixty-five, and this was the day that Bira and I had moved into our quarters. A few of the officers had been on board for a few weeks to get things running, but we had the luxury of the late boarding because as the Captain of the third shift I was also Commander and pilot of the shuttle. We had said goodbye to the crowds of family and friends as we boarded the shuttle that had the last of the passengers in it, and I flew it into the Mayflower through the pressure portal and parked it in the shuttlehold. Pressure portals were new then and just flying a craft through the side of the ship was unnerving at first, but it was much quicker than parking in a depressurised area, closing the door, pressurising the area and then disembarking. 

We were the last to board, and as soon as the shuttle was secure Commander Gibson Alexander, the Captain of the first shift and overall commander of the mission turned the Mayflower away from Earth and lit up the drives. I heard later that Neale Chuang, his number two pilot had asked him quietly about the speed restriction zone as the bridge crew saw the stars blur, and his answer was 'By the time we get back it'll be past the statute of limitations." Right or wrong, it was a singularly spectacular departure, and it set a good mood for the mission. 

Bira and I were shown to our quarters and, as senior officers, we were among the lucky ones who had space for a double bed and a private toilet and shower. The more senior you were the better you got, but the lowly menial workers just got dormitories with eight bunks down each of the two long walls. In the recreation area there were lots of small rooms with beds that could be used for sex if you had no facilities to do anything about it where you slept. I unpacked the small bag I had brought and looked at the room that, if all went well, was to be my home for the next twelve years. If things went badly it would be my coffin. 

The bed was hard up against the wall, and at the foot of it there was a single chair and a small desk with a communications terminal. The bathroom was behind that, and a small passage past it went to the door and out to the rest of the ship. My private area was just three metres by three and a half, but it did have picture walls, so I set it to Cradle Mountain in Tasmania, a place that both Bira and I loved, and suddenly it was like I was standing on a path in the middle of nowhere. At least it created the illusion of more space. Then Bira buzzed me.

"Yeah?"

"What's on your walls?" she asked.

"Cradle Mountain, yours?"

"The Blue Mountains," she said, and paused, "I think I'll come to you and we can christen your bed first."

"Sounds good, bring an umbrella."

"Why, it hasn't been that long has it?"

"Nah, but its raining at Cradle Mountain."

"Smartarse."

When Bira arrived it was the first time I had seen her in the mission uniform. Because of the length of the trip the powers had decided that individual clothing couldn't be maintained, so once our civvies were beyond the repairs that we could make ourselves we would all be in uniform all the time. We always had to wear the uniform when we were on duty anyway. The uniforms were pale green, and very figure hugging. So much that I could see from Bira's protruding nipples how ready she was for this.

"You aren't on duty are you?" I asked, and she laughed.

"No, but I thought I'd try it on. What do you think?"

"Looks so good I can't wait to get you out of it," I growled, reaching for her. 

Bira laughed, looking up at the raindrops that never quite got to us as my lips went to her neck, and my hands went to her chest. I chewed her neck and ears gently for a while as my hands felt her tits and nipples through the uniform. It was so sheer that it almost felt like she was naked. After a while her hands went to my chest, and then down to my cock, which by now was painfully hard.

"Is all of that for me?" she asked coyly, "I'm not sure if I can manage."

"Get some help then," I whispered as I chewed an earlobe, and she giggled wickedly.

"Not this time," she said, now sounding more serious, "I want you all to myself. But soon we'll get Tish and Tash involved." I hadn't thought it was possible for my cock to get any harder, but it did.

"Time to get you out of that uniform," I said, reaching for the zip, and a flash of lightning lit up the room as a thunderstorm hit Cradle Mountain. By the time the thunder crashed Bira was naked.

I picked her up and lay her across the bed with her legs hanging off the edge, and then I put them over my shoulders and buried my tongue into her fragrant mound. I timed her climax carefully, building her up and up as the Cradle Mountain storm around us became more intense. She writhed and moaned as I teased her clit with my tongue, and slipped a finger into her tight little pussy. It was hard for me to hold my target still as our sweat soaked bodies slipped against each other, but soon I had added a second finger and then, as she got very close the her release, I added a third finger, but this one went into the tight little bud of her ass. Bira gasped and moaned, and finally, as the storm hit a crescendo, she came, both of her holes squeezing tightly around my fingers as my mouth closed over her clit and I sucked hard. It took a couple of minutes for her to come down as I gently licked away the pussy juice, and then I turned her in the bed, slipped my clothes off, and crawled into position. Her legs were up and my cock was brushing her pussy lips as I looked into her sparkling eyes.

"Kiss me first," Bira said and I did, her tongue hungrily searching for her own flavour in my mouth, and then, as her tongue was deep in me I pushed my cock deep into her.

The bed was surprisingly comfortable, and as my cock pounded into Bira I marvelled at how we had grown together. Just five years ago, hell even one year ago, I would have dreaded the idea of being locked up with such a limited group of people. I was the man who wanted variety, a different girl every night, or at least every week. Sure I had been screwing Bira regularly since the round the world episode, but there was never any commitment, just two people who enjoyed each other's company and some really good sex too. But I looked at Bira now, her maroon and gold eyes glazed over with passion, and thought that this was going to be a really good trip just because she was here. I still wanted to fuck her sisters of course, but that was just sex, with Bira there was something else, something that was deeper.

"Deeper," she gasped, and obediently I pushed my cock full length into her hot little pussy, and I grinned at the different meanings we had used for the same word. "What?" she asked, seeing my smile, but I couldn't really explain could I? By now sex was a marathon for both of us, and I wouldn't cum myself if Bira hadn't had at least five orgasms as we fucked. We used every position we could think of on the bed and then I picked her up and leaned her against the wall. It sounds silly, but I chose a spot where Cradle Mountain had a tree, and it looked to me like I had her up against it for support as I finally pumped my cum deep inside her about four hours after we started.

The first three months was just us getting used to the ship. Some idiot in the planning department had decided that because we had only ended up with four shifts of people we needed to change to a thirty-two hour day. This was split up to eight hours of work, six hours of sleep, twelve hours of recreation and six more hours of sleep. This only officially gave Bira and me four hours out of thirty two where we were both officially in recreation time, and even that first fuck aboard had gone into her sleep time, but if it didn't affect performance we all just turned a blind eye to the required sleep hours. 

The way it worked out meant that I was never on rec time at the same time as the first shift, so the only times I saw the Commander was when I visited the bridge during my rec time or he visited it during his. He was a damned good commanding officer, and if I was on duty when he visited the bridge he always made sure to let everyone know that I was in charge at the time. The bridge was the classic setup, there were four chairs facing forward so that we could see out into space. This was, of course, usually totally pointless because when you are travelling above the speed of light there's no point looking out because by the time you see something it is already a long way behind you. 

But the chairs were there, with me in the middle left, Hardwald Grint my number two pilot at my right, Suzan Rinski the number one science officer and ODC to his right and Stan Han the number two science officer and weapons officer on my left. Behind Suzan, against the wall sat Darg Watson, the number three pilot, and behind Stan on the other side were Rilda Henna the number three science officer and Toolie Wing the number four science officer. Visitors to bridge, no matter who they were, stood behind and kept out of the way. In each eight-hour shift all three pilots had to take the helm for between one and two hours and fly manually. To do this we used maps that were updated as often as possible to allow for moving debris, but there wasn't too much danger because anything smaller than a moon was just pushed aside by our canopy. The canopy is sort of a light bow wave that a craft travelling at above light speed pushes out in front of it. But we did our time at manual, as did every shift, and we even developed a sense for danger and sometimes made minute adjustments instinctively that kept us out of harm's way,

Our first real stop was an uninhabited planet that had a pretty good atmosphere and similar gravity to Earth. Here we took the Mayflower down and each pilot got a chance to land her and then take her back out into space. Commander Alexander, or Gibbo as we knew him, took her in first, and then I got the second go. It was pretty easy as long as you were careful. After my landing of the Mayflower and return to space I took four passengers in the shuttle and practiced loading and unloading on the move. The shuttle had a smaller pressure portal, and we could have a person in a suit just step outside into space. At one point I had all of my terrified passengers out of the shuttle and heading in different directions, but I manoeuvred the shuttle to pick them all up quite easily. After about six landings of the 'lonely lingam', a title that was much more apt when observing from a long way away, Bira buzzed me.

"Josh?"

"Yeah?"

"Can you pick me up too, I'm coming out?" I grinned, she must have seen us practising and conned her way into an early turn to land the Mayflower so that she could join us.

"Sure," I said and steered the shuttle toward the Mayflower. Ten minutes later I saw her step through the portal, and two after that she was aboard.

"That was cool," she said, smiling, "can I have a go?" Bira caught on quickly, and not long after that there were five of us in suits spiralling off into space. Bira picked me up first, and I sat beside her as she headed for the second person.

"How'd you get done so quick?" I asked, and she grinned mischievously.

"The third pilot on one shift has been dying to get into my pants."

"Yeah, did you fuck him?" I asked, interested but not jealous.

"No, I gave her a quick blow job." She grinned, and picked up the next passenger before I could ask for more details.

Male homosexuality had almost disappeared back then, all due to one crazy and homophobic scientist who had created a virus that killed men who penetrated or were penetrated by men. He was quickly executed, but by the time a cure was found most gay men were already dead, and the whole gay scene had been destroyed. We knew there still some, but they kept very quiet about their preference to avoid a repeat of the annihilation. Female homosexuality on the other hand was still very common, but I wasn't aware of Bira having those tendencies, and it opened up some new opportunities, well at least in my mind it did.

The Mayflower had a total population of two hundred and seventy six people, made up of fifty two bridge crew, twenty four maintenance staff, 50 service staff, twenty five medical staff and the remaining one hundred and twenty five were observers from all walks of life who were along for the ride, Of the two hundred and seventy six only ninety eight were men. My shift was the only one with more men on the bridge that women, and the number four shift were all women except for one pilot. This meant that female homosexuality was inevitable, simply due to the distribution of numbers. 

"Do you know," Bira asked one time as we worked out alone in one of the gymnasiums, "that you are number fifteen in the lingam list?"

"The what?"

"The lingam list, the list of how many different women you have fucked so far on the voyage."

"You're kidding right?" I asked, never having heard of such a thing.

"No I'm not, but you are first on the returns list."

"The what?" I asked, and she must have heard the exasperation in my voice.

"There are six categories on the lingam list, two for men and four for women."

"Uh huh."

"The first for men is how many women you have fucked, and at the moment you are at position fifteen, with thirty-two different women. First is George Hingson, my captain, and he has fucked fifty eight."

"Wow," I said, not knowing what else to say.

"But you are first on the returns list with thirty two again." I looked at her curiously. "The returns list is how many have come back for a second go, George has only had twelve because he has quite a small cock, and not a lot of stamina."

"And you know all this because...?"
