 First up I would strongly suggest that if you haven't read the earlier chapters please do so before reading this one, it will explain a lot things...

Apart from that, enjoy. BB1212




At first I thought the YW's were the best thing that could have happened to me. I mean they had saved me from being on the wrong end of a M2K hadn't they? I owed them my life. 

I should mention here that George could actually have pulled the trigger. The blocks that stopped us from committing crimes had to be removed for the trip, otherwise we couldn't have defended ourselves if we were attacked, so the threat was real and the rescue was the classic 'in the nick of time'. 

Anyway my saviours obviously wanted a show, so I gave it my best shot and threw Keisha up and down my cock with all my strength for another five or ten minutes, but eventually I got tired and laid her on the floor. The YW's were happy enough to see this when they realised that we weren't stopping. I tried talking to them a couple of times, but never got any sort of response, so they might have been ignoring me, deaf, or just not a species that used sound for communication. While I was fucking Keisha they let their tiny blue tendrils touch us lightly, tracing over our bodies and for quite some time they even wound around my cock and up into Keisha's pulsating pussy. It was more than just a little bit unnerving but I didn't let it stop me.

I finally reached my peak, and when Keisha screamed in orgasm for the third time I emptied my balls into her lovely tight little body. I stayed on the gasping girl for a moment and then rolled onto the floor, my semi hard cock making a wet noise as it finally left her body. The YW's seemed quite agitated at first, but then one of them stretched a tendril out and up into Keisha's pussy. It glowed brightly and then the other one did too. It shot another probe into her and they seemed to stay there for a while.

"What are they doing?" I asked quietly, and Keisha giggled.

"I think they're cleaning up," she said, "It feels sort of like little vacuum cleaners."

"Does it hurt?"

"No, it tickles."

We waited until they had tired of that game, and then finally they let us get dressed. All this time George had been frozen in position, and when the YW's released him he was furious, and took a wild swing at one of them. He froze again as his fist approached the alien, and then the YW touched a tendril to each side of George's head. Then his frozen face contorted in pain. When they released George again he crumpled to the floor. I wanted to check and see if he was still alive, but the YW's wouldn't let me. From the way he had fallen I was quite certain that George was dead.

The YW's then ushered Keisha and I out of the showers and out of the gym. 

The corridors of the Mayflower were eerily silent. They were totally deserted and even the quiet hum of the thermal propulsion units was missing. It was like seeing the body of a loved person and coming to the realisation that their heart was no longer beating. We were most likely still moving, but the drive was gone and we were just continuing on momentum. 

Keisha and I were finally taken to the main recreation hall, which was the only place on the ship that was big enough to house the entire crew, and there another YW was touching the computer console with one tendril and it then touched each of us on the forehead with the other. It then glowed and we were taken to where the other crewmembers were assembled and put into lines. It was immediately apparent that we were being sorted by seniority, and apart from George I was the last senior officer to be brought to the hall. Gibbo looked at me.

"Just George to come," he said wryly, "and then they've got us all." I shook my head.

"George won't be coming."

"What happened?"

"He took a swing at one of them."

"Idiot." I nodded my agreement. I didn't need to tell Gibbo what George was doing before they found us, that wouldn't help anyone. 

The two YW's that had brought Keisha and I in were slowly approaching another at the centre of a group of about twenty that were standing in a clear area, and I watched as they passed through, glowing brightly each time they passed another one. It was obviously their communication, and they seemed to want to say something important to the one I took to be the boss in the middle. I shivered, hoping that George's intent to use his M2K and angry swing at the alien was not going to be taken out on the rest of the crew. The final exchange was long, with a lot of bright glowing and intertwining of tendrils, and there a number of gestures toward Keisha and to me.

I watched with mounting concern as the group finally moved toward Keisha, and I could easily see the moment that she and people around her were frozen as the head YW approached. It ran its tendrils across her body and then into her uniform. Another one was doing the same, and seemed to be showing the boss where to look. At this time it finally dawned on me that they were showing the boss her pussy which had my cum in it. I must have made a noise that announced my realisation, because Gibbo turned to me.

"What?"

"When they found us we were fucking," I said, knowing it wasn't worth trying to cover it up. Gibbo raised an eyebrow and down the line Bira also looked at me and then at Keisha with renewed interest. I guess she hadn't got there herself yet.

"And?"

"They spent a fair bit of time... um, cleaning up afterward," I said, "they seemed to show a lot of excitement too."

"How do they show excitement?" Amy Ho, the four shift Captain, asked.

"I think the glowing colours are their form of communication," I explained. "And how bright they are shows their level of interest."

"So, really bright is shouting?" Neale Chuang asked.

"I think so."

"Makes sense," Bira agreed, "so the two that brought you in are lowly troops and they had to go through that whole 'chain of command' thing to report to the commander what they had discovered."

"Exactly," I agreed. 

By now they had finished with Keisha, who was glowing red with embarrassment after being felt up by the aliens in front of everyone else, and they were approaching us. They froze us into position as they approached and soon their tendrils were all over me and amazingly I felt my cock twitch and start to grow again because of a suddenly very familiar stimulation. It felt exactly like I Keisha's pussy was suddenly wrapped around my cock again. Tight constrictions up and down my shaft with the intense heat copied precisely where my cock was on the 'inside'. Amazingly this was with just a couple of tendrils in my uniform. I saw they also did the same with Gibbo, and then they went back to the clear area and we were released.

"Did they just...?" Bira asked.

"Yes," Gibbo interjected, sounding more than just a little embarrassed, "they felt us up."

"But not Amy," Bira said. "They seem to be more interested in the men."

"Yes," I agreed, "in the gym they were very, er, interested in my cum, and they sucked it out of Keisha."

"I hope," Gibbo said calmly, "that gives them a reason to keep us alive."

"Yeah," I agreed. "All of them across one side of the room and all of us on the other side, and the one that is the outside of the ship, it does look like they could be keeping a clear line of fire."

"Oh shit," Amy whimpered quietly. The lead YW went to the computer terminal and communicated with the creature that was already there, and then it came back to us, with its minders. Gibbo and I remained mobile as the others were frozen and we were led across to the computer. They brought up a picture of the M2k and the A5K.

"They want the guns," I said, and Gibbo nodded. "They just melted George's," I added.

"That must mean they want to leave us alive, I say we give them to them," Gibbo said, and I nodded.

"We are powerless against them anyway. For now at least."

One thing I will say for those YW's they were damn thorough. They had somehow connected to the ships manifest and knew exactly who had an M2K. Each person was brought over to us and Gibbo told them what to do. He just said they must hand over their M2K without attempting to fight. If they didn't have it on them the YW's followed them to where it was and then the aliens destroyed it. I took my turn too, and they also got the one that was stashed on the shuttle. After some time every M2K on the Mayflower had been accounted for and was destroyed. Then they took Gibbo and I to each position where there was an A5K shown on the manifest, and they melted them too.

"Damn," I said as I watched one disappear, "they must be powerful to absorb all of that energy."

"Yeah," Gibbo agreed absently, and then he looked at me. "What I felt back there when they were touching us up..."

"Was exactly the feeling of fucking Keisha," I said, to save him the embarrassment of asking.

"Wow," he said quietly, "I just might have to invoke the Commander's privilege." Even in that precarious situation we grinned like schoolboys. There was no such thing, but I knew exactly what he meant. She was pretty special.

Once all of the weapons were all destroyed Gibbo and I were taken back to the rec hall and the YW's went into a huddle and they looked like they were having a quite long but thankfully calm discussion. 

When they had finished they separated the men and women and took the men to the main pressure portal. It was open and there was another ship there, but we couldn't see what it looked like. We were herded through and then frozen into position against the wall of the hold of their ship. When all ninety-seven of us were aboard the ship detached from the Mayflower and shot off into space. I felt nervous, but also still very glad to be alive. At that stage we all thought the women would be sent where we were going on the next shuttle, or whatever the ship was that we were on.

Our first view of YW4597 was less than inspiring, but incredibly strange. The ship we were in landed gracefully on the surface before we were released, so our first look was from pretty close to ground level. The surface of the planet was a mustard coloured dusty substance, and the planet was dotted with squat bright yellow trees, maybe a metre and a half tall. There was no sign anywhere of any civilisation at all. The very strange thing was that everything was upside down. We were standing on the roof of the hold with our heads toward the ground, but the YW's were standing on the floor the other way up. Also very weird was the fact that our arms were by our sides as usual, they naturally fell into position, pointing up away from the ground. On this planet gravity somehow seemed to work in reverse. 

One by one we were given breathers, which the YW's must have brought from the Mayflower, and they signalled us to take off our boots. Some of the men were getting sick of following the YW's orders, and there was a bit of a murmur. I thought a couple of the guys were going to argue, but the YW's gave us a sobering demonstration. They had a pair of shoes, which again must have come from the Mayflower, and they put a thin strip of something that looked like foil in one, and left the other as it was. They threw both out of the hold and the one with the foil in it fell to the ground while the other shot up into the sky. The foil was some sort of gravity magnet. 

We took our boots off and put the foil they gave us in them. Then we had to climb down to the shoes and put them on. I tell you that was a hell of a lot harder than it sounds; we had to basically hang upside down as we put our feet into them and did them up. You can be sure that all the straps were done up extremely tight before we stepped out of the hold and onto the surface of the planet. Gravity on YW4597 was insanely strange. Whatever it was in our boots kept our feet down, but everything else was drawn upward. In a relaxed condition not only were our arms up in the air, but also any free hair went up and even my dick tried to work its way up inside my uniform. It just wasn't right. But the really weird thing was we could walk almost normally. It wasn't like there was only attraction to the ground close to it, in fact with the foil in our boots the gravity felt almost the same as it did in the Mayflower, well at least as far as walking went.

We were herded along for a while and the YW's gestured excitedly at the yellow trees. Up close they had large orange fruit, about the size of a grapefruit on them, but we weren't allowed to touch them. Yet. Finally they took us into a small cave that turned into a passage winding down into the planet, and this led to some fissures in the wall that were to be the place where some of us would be sleeping for a very long time. The YW's suddenly left and we looked around at our new home. 

Nowadays people are used to alien races, but bear in mind that what our little group had just gone through was first contact for any human. Most of us were stunned at how suddenly the YW's had appeared and how powerless we were to do anything about it. We were supposed to be the best that Earth could offer and we had been overwhelmed and disarmed by a very small and apparently unarmed group. There were some ego issues that were bound to surface, but first we had to deal with the immediate issues.

One urgent thing that we had to address was that there was no toilet, but then one bright spark observed that with reverse gravity we really didn't need one. This turned out to be absolutely correct, and it was easy to just unzip, take leak and watch it all heading up and out to space. Taking a crap was harder, but we all eventually mastered the art of that too. You just had to bend right over and stick your ass into the air. The shit went up and we used one of the leaves to wipe with afterwards. What with all those bare butts poking up we were glad that we were not aware of any gay males in the group; it would have been an absolute smorgasbord for them.

Now I am sure you can imagine what sort of mood prevailed after ninety seven fit, active and competitive men had been separated from their women and had been taken prisoner without any chance to even try to fight back. Most of us were more pissed off than we had ever been, and Gibbo had a hard time stopping us from trying to attack the next YW that we saw. At that stage we still thought that the YW's would bring the women to the planet on the next shuttle, so waiting for that to happen was really all that kept us from rebelling in the very early stages of our captivity.

The next day we were put to work, and we soon discovered how powerless we really were. About twenty of the YW's herded us out and separated us into groups of about ten men. They took us to the yellow trees and demonstrated how to pick the orange fruit. 

It looked easy as they grabbed the fruit in their tendrils and swiftly pulled. The kick was what was left behind. The fruit slipped off a solid part, a bit like the handle of an old screwdriver, one of the manual ones. As soon as the fruit was gone the handle shot spikes out that were about eighty millimetres long out in all directions. It was easy to see why the YW's used such a quick action to remove the fruit. They then carefully placed the fruit into a covered cart where it lay up against the roof. The cart had small wheels that were coated with the foil that kept it on the surface of the planet.

Pretty soon it was our turn, and I got the first one off the tree. It was quite soft and rubbery to touch, and it came off pretty easily. We soon found that if you touched the fruit and didn't pull immediately the fruit became firmly stuck to the shaft, and we assumed that the spikes had engaged to hold it there. Then we found out something much more disturbing. The spikes were deadly. 

Alvon Marrk was a backstage technician (that meant he wasn't bridge crew) on Birra's shift, 

and he wasn't fast enough getting the fruit off when it was his turn. A spike just scraped him, and he looked at it curiously and died. Because of the gravity he stood there, motionless with his arms up for about ten seconds before we realised that there was something wrong. He let go of the fruit and a YW caught it quickly and put it with the others.

When I realised there was something wrong I checked for a pulse, but there was none. I said he was dead and the YW's froze us into position as the furious men turned toward them threateningly. The YW's quickly removed Alvon's breather, and then his boots and we watched impotently and angrily as his body disappeared into space. Four men, all from different groups, died from being spiked that day, and they were all given the same treatment. 

The YW's unfroze me first, probably because they knew that I was in charge.

"You are going to be just as pissed off as I am," I quickly said to the rest of the group, "but don't try to do anything to these fuckers, they are just too strong." I looked around carefully at the men.

"They killed George Hingson just by touching him," I continued, "so save your anger up for a time when it will do them harm and not you. That, by the way is an order." I nodded at the nearest YW, and it seemed to understand and almost immediately the rest of the guys could move again. They cursed and moaned, but reluctantly obeyed and didn't try to attack the YW's.

The YW's ensured that we continued picking the fruit, and we were allowed to keep every tenth one that we picked, although holding on to them was pretty difficult when we were concentrating so hard on not getting spiked and killed. Eventually we stopped for a break and we looked at the fruit critically. By now we were all hungry and thirsty, and the fruit looked like the only food that we were going to get.

We looked at each other, wondering who would be the first to try one.

"Fuck this," Ralph Seigana finally said, "it looks like we are going to die anyway."

He squeezed a fruit that was under his face and caught the resulting drops of liquid in his mouth as they rose. He smiled.

"Fucking great," he said and looked at the rest of us as we watched him nervously. He grinned widely and put the fruit to his mouth and squeezed harder, emptying the flesh into his mouth,

"Aaaargh," he moaned, and then his hands rose up, just like Alvon's had.

"Oh shit," Ferd Herdid groaned, "we're going to die." But I'd noticed something.

"Don't fuck about Ralph, I can see you haven't let it go."

"Had the rest of you going," he said, grinning again, and he ate the rest of the fruit. We shrugged and followed suit, it wasn't like we had a lot of choice.

The fruit was very watery, and tasted sweet in a strangely metallic way. It wasn't all that filling and we realised that if we were to survive on every tenth one of these that we got, it would mean picking one hell of a lot of them. 

We spent the whole day picking the fruit and ended up eating about ten each. I was still a bit hungry, and I knew we would have to work faster the next day. The strange thing was I hadn't drunk anything, but I wasn't thirty at all.

When we got back to our cave the YW's kept us outside as the groups all returned. The gossip started and we found out about most of the other deaths. The last group back was quite a bit later than the rest of us, and we could immediately see there was something seriously wrong. There was a YW behind every man in the group, and the men were struggling just to walk. 

We found out later that Wane Fox had hit a YW after Sal Chuff had been killed by a spike. The whole group had tried to follow suit, but were frozen in place by the other YW. They were surrounded by the aliens before they were released, and even that was only a partial release. They said it had taken twice the energy to walk back because they couldn't use their limbs normally.
