 First up I would strongly suggest that if you haven't read the earlier chapters please do so before reading this one, it will explain a lot of things...

Now, enjoy. BB1212

*****

"So Josh," a very relieved Rickson said later that night at The Dustings, "what made you look into the vote to disband the military?"

I considered my reply for a moment. Both he and Androger had generously lent me their research assistants and had given me the level of trust that I had requested. What that meant was because they had respected the confidentiality of my investigation they also had no idea of what was coming when I went into the assembly. This ended up working well for Rickson, because he had obviously been just as surprised as the others when I dropped my bombshell, so there was never any suggestion that he had been in on it and had betrayed his fellow council members. I owed Rickson, but I also didn't want to give away my main source of information.

"There are places," I replied, "where people feel comfortable talking about delicate things when really they shouldn't."

"Such as?" Rickson asked.

"Usually somewhere that you are familiar with, and where it is restricted to private members," I replied. 

"For example?" 

"For example, let's say you regularly attend a gym."

"I do." Rickson looked interested.

"OK, so you can talk freely at the gym because there are just fellow members of the assembly there, right?"

"Yes," he said, sounding like he was trying to humour me.

"But that's wrong," I continued, "at the gym there are also support staff, you know, trainers, workout programmers, cleaners, desk staff and so on aren't there?"

"But they all have been thoroughly screened by security," Rickson protested.

"True," I replied, "but that only means they are unlikely to be spies. What if someone heard you talk about a huge contract that was going to be awarded to a particular company? What if that someone had a partner who worked at a competitor and happened to mention it?"

"So you are saying that someone working at the gym gave you the information. But why would they? They don't even know you?" Sometimes Rickson was far too obviously a politician.

"That's not what I am saying at all," I replied, "I'm saying that there are ears everywhere, and that somewhere, someone said something they shouldn't have in front of someone else, who then felt the need to pass the message on. It could have been anyone... even... Infannzin, that's your name isn't it?" Infannzin had been topping up our wine as we talked, and she jumped nervously when I spoke to her.

"Um, yes sir, it is," she replied nervously.

"What were just talking about dear?" Rickson asked.

"I don't know Mr President," she replied, "I wasn't listening."

"See," Rickson said as she walked away, "the staff here is trained not to listen in to our conversations. I'll have to look into the gym though..."

Only a few hours later, as Infannzin and I lay next to each other panting from exertion she punched me lightly on the arm.

"You could have cost me my job," she admonished, but I just grinned.

"No," I said, "I just made sure that you would be the last one he suspected."

I reached for a perfect breast, and she smiled.

The 17th of February 2078 was declared the first Mayflower Day, a holiday celebration commemorating our return which is still observed today more than four hundred years later. For me it started a seventeen year tradition when Bira and Sandy joined Tish and Tash and came to me for what would become an annual all night orgy, and Bira and Sandy's only sexual contact outside their intimate foursome. Strangely enough it was Sandy who seemed to enjoy her once a year fuck more than Bira, but both of them spoke eagerly about the approaching event each year.

I had a lot of juggling to do over the next few months. I secured Hinchlet as the initial home of the Intergalactic Navy, and we immediately started recruiting. Because of the huge level of publicity surrounding us we were very successful, and within six months we had our initial years target number of five thousand. Included in this was a group of sixty five Mayflower survivors and eight hundred and forty two members with previous military experience, so at least we didn't have to start totally from scratch.

We ordered two hundred of the mark two Stellars, which were to be an upgraded version of the ones I qualified on. They had updated drives which were pretty much the same as the ones on the Mayflower, and they were set up to carry weapons, even though we hadn't yet developed any they we would be able to use. The first fifty of the new Stellars were delivered seven months after the order, so before that happened we took of the old ones out from their retirement and installed the drives that had been salvaged from the Mayflower in them to give us something to train in. Another special feature of the new aircraft was a manual override option. By operating a single physical lever we could fly the craft manually and even if our enemies were able to remotely access our computers they couldn't disable our ship or take over the controls. What we didn't have a solution for was us being frozen, although I did install a micro movement joystick control on my personal craft, which was one of the old and updated ones. For purely sentimental reasons I chose the one that Birra and I had taken around the world all those years ago.

I took part in the negotiations to buy the island the Mayflower crew had been marooned on, I had to supply evidence at the treason trials, (which was worthwhile because all of those charged were convicted), I had to appear on countless episodes of Androger's show, talking about everything from the Mayflower voyage, our rescue, the recruiting drive and I even did a show on how to survive sex with a YW by ensuring you had spectacular staying power and you always made sure the girl came first. For a couple of years after that one I received regular messages of thanks from women and a few desperate pleas for help from men.

Sex was regular, and even though Keisha had moved in with me she encouraged me to 'play the field', and insisted on hearing all about it each time I had sex with another woman. After she heard the story she would then try to outdo whatever it was that we had done. The agreement, of course, worked both ways and she often came to me with her own tales of carnal experimentation.

On the scientific front we had four main projects on the go. I had one team working on weapons development, and they had groups focusing on projectile weapons, light technology, sound technology and matter manipulation. Another team was working on developing a technology to detect energy weapons, because although the collection and destruction of these was proceeding according to plan I suspected that there would be some people who wanted to hide them when the final call was made. We were all painfully aware that the Eriguons had effectively removed the only defensive weapons that we had when they banned our energy weapons, and we were hoping the weapons research could fill the sudden gap. Another team was working on telepathy. We knew that mind communication was used by the YW's, the Eriguons and obviously many other races, and we really needed to catch up somehow. The last main scientific project we were running was the development of the next generation of intergalactic aircraft. I was still expecting the YW's to turn up looking for revenge and not only did we have nothing to fight them with, we also had nothing to fight them from and we certainly didn't want the battlefield to be Earth.

I found that my new role mostly involved juggling people, personalities and egos. By this stage money was not the major motivator any more on Earth, so a lot of the staff were in it for the glory and prestige. Sure, we had quite a lot who were there because they believed that the job was critical to the survival of the species, but they were normally not the ones who caused me problems. When you couple the egos with the famously eccentric thinking of gifted scientists throughout the course of history then it was always going to be an interesting job for me to make any of this work. When I was asked by Rickson how we were going I would always tell him that it was a lot like herding cats. 

As an example, one of our major breakthroughs came by accident one day when I was in the weapons development area helping to inspire Mortiguan, who was one of the development team leaders. Mortiguan, who was better known as 'Lab Rat', was one of the more unusual personalities on my team. She had taken the body pigmentation craze to an extreme level by choosing a body pigmentation that was based on the darkest and most matt black colour available. On our shade scale she had managed to achieve a number ninety nine, which was darker than any natural skin shade, and the only reason that she wasn't a hundred was to leave room in case someone found a way to make and even darker colour in the future. Adding just short cropped matt black hair to this package she was a lot like the old stealth aircraft, but on legs. Her legs were pretty darn nice too, and on this particular day I was enjoying the view of them as I stroked my cock in and out of her totally matt black pussy from behind. With her total body pigmentation she wasn't even pink on the inside. But the thing that was really unusual about Lab Rat was that she got her best inspiration when she was sexually aroused, and she would often be on the verge of a breakthrough and would be hunting for a sexual partner to get 'over the line' as it were. She had the 'Lab Rat' nickname not just because she was a dedicated scientist, and she definitely was that, but also because she loved to have oral sex with females, and there were a lot of scientific labias that had helped her with her progress so far.

But Lab Rat liked a good fucking too, and I certainly had no objection when she asked me to help out.

"Fuck, that's good Josh," Lab Rat gasped as I buried myself deep inside her again.

"Yeah," I agreed, "so what's the status now?"

It was really strange, but when we were fucking for inspiration she had to talk work or nothing would happen. It had put me off a bit the first couple of times, but I got used to it.

"The aiming," she gasped as her ass bucked on the edge of the desk I had bent her over. Her squirming was obviously rubbing her swollen clit on the desk surface giving her extra stimulation. 

"Yeah? Does that mean the weapon works?" I asked, suddenly very interested.

"It does," she panted, "but the pulse has to be extremely well focussed on a specific point, so we have to have range finding, and X/Y axis aiming accurate to within five millimetres or nothing happens, at least not to the thing we want it to happen to."

"So how does it work?" I asked, stepping up the pace of our fucking. Lab Rat's team was the one working on sound based weapons. 

"Sort of like a really localised and amplified sonic boom," she said. Then she gasped. "Oh yeah, right there Josh. Yeah, um, it is tiny but so powerful that it just shatters any organic material within about a metre of the focus point."

"Wow," I said, almost forgetting to keep moving inside her, "and you have tested it?"

"We had it at the Ferguson Range yesterday," Lab Rat replied. "We first tried it on a watermelon, then potatoes, then a piece of timber and finally a raw chicken from the mess."

"And?"

"Everything just disintegrated," she replied, "no noise that we could hear, no light, no smoke, just fragments suddenly flying everywhere."

"That is fantastic," I said.

"Not really," Lab Rat said sadly. "It took us almost eight minutes to set up the ranging. No enemy is going to stand around and wait for that long."

"But it works," I argued fucking her very fast now, "it is a huge step."

"Yes," she agreed, "but keep fucking me Josh, I need to solve the next step now."

Of course it was right then that Susie chose to barge in.

"Hey CS," she said, "I could really do with a f..." Her voice trailed off and her pale blue eyes widened. "Oh, golly, I'm sorry," she said, and then she quickly turned to leave.

Susie was almost as white as Lab Rat was black. She was acutely agoraphobic, and she spent every hour of her day indoors. Since she arrived at the base (in the back of a windowless vehicle) she had not left the science block at all and her skin was so pale it looked almost translucent. She had long hair that was almost pure white, and what was really weird about was it was her natural colour. Back then only maybe one in a thousand people chose not to pigment their hair. Anyway, one of the reasons that Susie had joined the intergalactic navy was so I could regularly fuck her. So far that was the only cure that we had found for her far too regular panic attacks, and once again medical science was stumped. 

"No wait," I said, and Lab Rat turned her head and stared at me intently with her chin on her shoulder.

"I don't mind sharing," she eventually said with an almost predatory smile.

"Good," I replied, "because that is the best thing that could happen right now." 

Susie was staring at Lab Rat, and she looked petrified. 

"Uh," she stammered, "you're, uh..." her voice faltered.

"I'm Lab Rat, yes," Lab Rat replied, "but if you want to meet formally you will have to come around here because Josh has got me nailed to this desk with that magnificent cock of his." 

"Oh..."

"Go on Susie," I sad gently, "I promise she won't bite."

"Well not unless you want me to," Lab Rat whispered. From Susie's lack of reaction I don't think she heard.

I was still fucking Lab Rat, but very slowly now, and I could see Susie's eyes following every stroke. They were burning with desire. Finally she slowly walked over to us.

"Lab Rat," I said, "would you mind a tongue ride for a little while?" Again she looked at me curiously.

"Well," she replied, "you do give the best head I have ever had from a man." Susie paused, and I swear I heard a little gulp.

"What about women?" I asked curiously.

"That would be telling. Now Josh, just what is happening here?" I thought about joking and saying 'I am fucking you, haven't you noticed?' but I decided on serious, mostly so I wouldn't spook Susie.

"Susie here has a bit of a problem and I, um, have the cure she needs," I said.

"Which is?"

"His cum," Susie said, and Lab Rat looked confused.

"What?" she asked, "it now has medicinal value too?"

"Didn't you know?" Susie asked, obviously surprised. "Do you just, um, do it, for fun?"

"OK," I interjected, "let me do some explaining." The girls both looked at me.

"Lab Rat," I asked, "since you and I have been having sex have you had any sickness at all?"

"Um, no actually." Lab Rat replied.

"That's because after I had sex with a YW my cum does have both a preventative and a restorative medical effect."

"Wow."

"But Susie, Lab Rat comes to me for a different reason."

"It is for fun," Lab Rat said, "but it also helps me to think better."

"I know what you mean," Susie said and Lab Rat and I both looked at her in surprise. "Every time we are doing it the tangled thoughts in my brain seem to sort of straighten out," Susie continued.

"Wow," Lab Rat said, "you too?"

"Oh yes," Susie replied.

"I think we should, um, change," I suggested.

"Do you mind?" Susie asked Lab Rat.

"I do," she replied, "but I'm sure Josh will make it up to me."

"I will," I promised.

Reluctantly I pulled my cock out of Lab Rat's warm pussy, and it made a wet popping noise as it left. I lay down on the floor and Susie quickly stripped and then squatted down over me. Lab Rat was watching her intently, but Susie didn't seem to notice as she slowly lowered herself onto my shaft, which was already slick with Lab Rat's juices.

"Tell me about your project," I said to Susie and then I used a gesture to beckon Lab Rat. She didn't need a second invitation and she came over and kneeled over my face, giving my mouth access to her wet pussy and swollen clit.

Both girls moaned in pleasure.

Susie was heading up the team that was looking into telepathy.

"We haven't made any more real progress yet," Susie eventually said as she sat waiting for her body to adjust to the intrusion, and I wondered why I had never noticed that she liked to talk about her work during sex too. I thought that maybe it was because I knew Lab Rat first, so it wasn't so unusual by the time Susie came along.

"The electronic interface should work," she continued, "but we can't get the thought transfer process to work unless both people are fitted with it and using the global link." The global link was an early version of what we now call 'aware', and simply put it was the global satellite data network that was the next step up from the internet. Things were still very slow back then with data transfer way back in the ultra gig range.

I was teasing Lab Rat, just barely scraping her clit with my tongue, and she moaned impatiently.

"We haven't tested the electronic interface properly yet because we don't know exactly how it will affect the person we try it on."

Finally the penny dropped, and I pulled my mouth off Lab Rat's pussy.

"Turn around Lab Rat," I said, "and talk to Susie. I think she could have the solution to your problem."

Reverse cowgirl oral is an interesting position. If you try to lick the clit your nose is aimed at pussy and if you try to lick the pussy then you are sniffing at the back door. By the time I was sorted out and not facing suffocation I was listening to what must have been some of the strangest 'girl talk' ever.

"... It's like the sex is a window cleaner for the communication channels in my brain," Susie was saying.

"That's exactly how I feel too," Lab Rat said, "I can't believe someone else feels it too."

"Yeah, I thought it was only me..."

"I just love your pigmentation, it looks so... real."

"Oh. Um, it actually is real..."

"No!"

"Uh, yes."

"Susie?"

"Yes?"

"Where have you been all my life?"

As Susie rode my cock and Lab Rat rode my mouth I pondered the many wonders of the changes in me since I fucked that YW. My body didn't seem to age any more, and it was now was able to heal itself. My cum was therapeutic, having sex with me encouraged clear thinking and now it seemed that my cock was a lesbian matchmaker as well. Add to that the fact that I was now very well off, I had the ear of the President of the World Council of Nations and I was in charge of the Intergalactic Navy then you could say that I had done pretty well for a simple pilot from Australia. But I would have happily given all of that away if I could bring back the Mayflower crew who had died in the course of our mission.

But my biggest issue now was that I was still very worried about the future, and we had to be prepared. I moved my mouth back a bit so I could talk.

"Girls?"

"Huh?"

"Mmmm?"

"Talk shop,"

"Do we have to?"

"Yes."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"Oh... damn."

It wasn't quite as easy as I had thought, but they worked it out over the next couple of hours, by which time I was getting quite tired. Eventually they were on the desk in the sixty nine position, but they were only occasionally making work related comments. I decided to reward them if they did and so when I heard something productive I'd go around the desk and fuck the one who said it. When the girls realised what the rules were the work suddenly progressed at a much better rate.

The human body is a marvellous thing, and it has pretty much all the sensors we need if we can just work out how to train ourselves to use them. Put simply we decided that Lab Rat would connect the new weapon to an interface and Susie would connect that interface directly to the brain of the person holding the weapon. Even to this day, the scientists still haven't managed to build a computer that can rival the human brain, so we reasoned that using the brain directly gave us the best chance of success.
