 First up I would strongly suggest that if you haven't read the earlier chapters please do so before reading this one, it will explain a lot of things...

Now, enjoy. BB1212

*****

The intergalactic navy was now in full combat preparation mode. We had to be. I knew the Parsks were coming to attack us, and I knew when this would happen, but unfortunately I knew nothing else about them. This meant that we had to prepare for every possibility that we could imagine. I trained regularly with my bodyguards on their MSU range and, by pure persistence I soon became as proficient with the weapon as they were. The Stellar 2's were kept on maximum rotation, every one of them being used for twenty hours a day and maintained for four. We soon had a lot of proficient and combat qualified pilots that we could utilise when we needed to. We kept enough of them at the bases on standby at all times so that in the event of an attack we could call back any rookies who were flying at the time and put a combat pilot in the craft immediately. 

I issued a command that every member of the Intergalactic Navy who had a link and an MSU must wear that uniform whenever they were on duty, and I strongly recommended that they also wear it whenever possible at other times.

I decided to tell Freed the real story about the energy weapons, and I put him in charge of arming the Stellar 2's with them when the time came. He did a great job of thoroughly segmenting the tasks so that nobody would suspect what was planned while still making sure that when it was needed those involved would still be able to work together to assemble the weapons and arm the aircraft with minimum delay. We adapted the same system to ensure the weapons for the ground troops would also be quickly available when needed. Of course, this was all achieved using direct voice commands and none of the planning was ever communicated electronically. 

About a week later I had a request to visit the local police, to assist with an investigation, and the officer I spoke to pompously said that they were investigating a rape claim that had been made against me, and that he had decided that it would be safer for the public if I was to be held in custody for the duration of their investigation. 

I had enough experience of being in custody from when the Mayflower returned, and I didn't want to go through that again. As well as that we had a war to prepare for, and I knew I was an absolute necessity for that.

I looked at the man in front of me.

"Tell me Captain Fogg," I said gently, "how painful this needs to get."

"If the allegations are true, as I believe they are, then it will be very painful for you," he said smugly.

"Actually, I meant for you," I replied, and he laughed.

"This won't be painful for me at all," he said, "I expect to get a very big promotion when I bring a conviction. It is a very strong case, and due to the blockers that everyone but the military has, there has not been a recorded rape in decades. This will only be good for me." I nodded. I knew enough not to respond to the allegations without legal representation, but I also had to get myself back to the base so I could continue with the work in hand.

"Captain, I am sure this will be brought to trial and you will get your chance for glory when that happens, but in the meantime I have a very important job to do, and I have no intention of sitting in a cell while you get your case together."

"I'm afraid what you want is not relevant in this case," Fogg replied smugly, "we need to make sure the public is safe from... from people like you."

"Funny enough, I thought the public was safe thanks to people like me," I said, resisting my sudden urge to test my MSU on his head. His people obviously hadn't realised that I was armed.

"History," he said with dripping distain, and I grinned. OK, so he wanted painful.

"Fine," I replied, "now bring in someone of equivalent rank to me so this can be handled correctly." He spluttered.

"I don't need to do that," he eventually said indignantly.

"Have you ever heard of Oscar Yillidie?" I asked.

"No. What relevance is that?"

"You haven't heard of him because he is the last jumped up little self-important prick in a uniform who tried to run this sort of stunt on me," I replied conversationally.

"How dare you..."

"Now are you going to get a senior officer or is this going to get ugly?"

"That's it," Fogg shouted, "restrain him." Two police officers who had been standing behind me took hold of my arms.

As a personal observation, I think that was the major problem with the police force back then when we had it. They called all of their people officers. In the military, an officer is a manager and the other ranks are the workers. The police had all managers and no workers, so their whole system was fucked up to start with.

Using my mental link, I used my interface to put a priority call in to Rickson on my communicator, and fortunately for Fogg he answered. I say fortunately because my next option would have been Androger, and that could have got very messy very quickly.

"What's up Josh?" Rickson said, and Fogg stared at my communicator as if it had suddenly proven that magic did exist after all.

"I am being physically restrained by three members of the police who want to hold me in custody after questioning me about a crime but also having not officially charged me. They have refused to involve an equivalent rank officer to me; the senior one here is Captain Fogg. I request permission to use force to defend myself." 

"Are you armed Josh?" Rickson asked with a smile in his voice.

"MSU," I responded.

"Holy fuck." Our esteemed president exclaimed, the smile gone. "No, for fucks sake don't use that, I will sort it. Captain Fogg do you know who this is?"

"I don't really care," Fogg responded haughtily.

"I am Dixscon Rickson, President of the World Council of Nations, and you are holding a man who is armed with a weapon that could wipe the three of you off the face of the Earth in nanoseconds. He does not need movement to operate this weapon."

"I find all of that very hard to believe," Fogg said arrogantly, and to demonstrate his lack of concern he theatrically picked out an apple from his bag and raised to his lips. I waited until it was as close as possible to his mouth and then I hit it with the MSU.

"Oh fuck," one of the police officers who was holding me moaned as Fogg sat frozen in shock, with small fragments of his apple all over his face and his uniform.

"What did you just do Josh?" Rickson asked. He sounded very afraid.

"Nothing serious Sir, it was just an apple." You could hear Rickson's sigh of relief over the communicator.

"Fogg," he demanded, but Fogg wasn't answering. Fogg wasn't doing anything except sitting in his own shit. It wasn't a nice smell for the rest of us.

"Fogg has shit himself," I said conversationally, "I don't think he is quite capable of talking and crapping at the same time." I heard a vindictive snigger from behind me. 

"Who is next in charge?" Rickson demanded.

"Uh, me Sir, Sargent Rinkle," one of the cops holding my arms said nervously.

"OK Rinkle, you saw what happened to the apple?"

"Yes Sir."

"The weapon is designed to be used on anything organic, and the man you are holding is an expert in using it. He could easily do that to you." Rinkle groaned.

"It doesn't have to be the head though," I said with a grin, "it could just be an arm or a leg."

"You're not helping Josh," Rickson said.

"Sorry Sir." We both knew I wasn't.

"Will you behave yourself Josh?" 

"Of course, Sir." 

"Rinkle, release your hold on this man. He will wait until we get a competent senior officer to decide what happens next. Who is in charge in your facility?" 

"Um, Commandant Fressi," Rinkle replied as he and the other officer warily let go of my arms.

"I will get him there shortly," Rickson said.

"Can you get a nanny to change Fogg's nappy too?" I asked. "It's pretty ripe in here."

"Behave." Rickson said, and the connection cut off.

There was a very nervous silence for a while, and then Rinkle summoned up the courage to speak.

"Uh, Commander Scabbard, I hope you..." his voice trailed off.

"It's OK," I responded, "no hard feelings."

"Thank you Sir," he said with a sigh of relief.

"For the no hard feeling or for not disintegrating you?" I asked. I probably shouldn't have teased, but sometimes I just can't help myself.

"Uh.. both," he said nervously.

"That's enough," Fogg said, fury dripping off his now recovered voice, and Rinkle stepped back. 

"I told you to restrain this criminal," Fogg growled.

"But Sir..."

"No buts, just restrain him." The two police officers were nervous, knowing what I was capable of.

"Go on," I said easily, "I won't hurt you just because you work for an idiot." They took hold of my arms again, but it was a very tentative grip.

"How fucking dare you?" Fogg growled, "I don't care who you are or who you know, I am going to take you down, and if the rape charge doesn't stick I am going to keep finding things to charge you with until you are convicted of something and put away."

I just smiled, and this seemed to infuriate him further.

"Did you hear me you piece of shit?" he yelled.

"Fogg!" The officer who had just entered the room shouted, and Fogg turned in shock.

"Commandant Fressi," Fogg said, the blood draining from his face as he jumped to his feet.

"Why is this man still restrained?" Fressi asked the men holding me.

"Er... Captain Fogg..." Rinkle said.

"Release him," Fressi said, and my arms were again free.

"Not their fault Commandant," I said, and he nodded his understanding. 

"What is going...?" Fressi wrinkled his nose. "What is that smell?" he asked.

"Foggshit," I said, and Fogg squirmed. Actually, he squelched, but that is probably providing just a little too much detail. I heard another quiet snigger from behind me. Fogg would never live that down.

"For goodness sake go and clean yourself up man," Fressi said.

"But this is my case Sir... my prisoner..."

"You are relieved," Fressi said shortly.

"But Sir..."

"Out!" Fressi shouted, and Fogg left.

"Commander Scabbard can you please tell me, from your point of view, what is going on here?" Fressi asked.

"I was asked to come in here to discuss something which turned out to be an allegation of rape," I said. "Captain Fogg did not actually charge me, but he decided I should be held in custody while he put his case together. I attempted to reason with him, but he appears to be on a one-man crusade to take down a tall poppy and further his career. 

"I then contacted President Rickson and explained the situation to him, but Fogg did not believe it was really him, or that I am armed, so I exploded an apple he was about to eat to demonstrate and he shit his pants and just shut down. Sargent Rinkle took over and released me when directed to, but when Fogg recovered he ordered me to be restrained again. Then you came in as Fogg was threatening to fit me up for pretty much anything he could think of." Fressi nodded, and looked at Rinkle.

"Is that an accurate summation?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." Rinkle replied.

"Commander Scabbard, what do you think should happen next?" Fressi asked.

"The charge is very serious, and needs to be addressed correctly," I replied, "but I simply cannot be sitting in custody waiting for this to happen."

"Why not?" I liked Fressi, he was direct.

"I'm sorry Commandant, I would love to tell you but I can't. I need to refer that back to President Rickson. Suffice to say we are in a crisis situation at the moment and my, er, unique skills are required."

"I am not sure that I can accept that," Fressi said, "rape is a very serious allegation." I nodded.

"Commandant, what I can offer immediately is to give you the background of the situation behind the allegation, but I will only do that off the record if I am here without legal representation. If that is not enough we will need to get President Rickson involved, but then it would just be him giving a directive without any explanation at all."

"OK, let's try the off the record discussion first," he replied.

It took two hours of explanation, discussion and consultation but then I was finally charged and then released. Fressi eventually accepted that I was not a risk of re-offending and he let me go on my own undertaking. At one stage of the discussion I asked him to please let Fogg have his moment in the sun and run the case, but Fressi said that justice would be better served if someone competent was put in charge. I reluctantly agreed.

I think that Fressi and I had pretty much the same thoughts at the end of the discussion. I had sex with someone who was unable to agree at the time, and technically that was rape, but there also was good evidence that was the only way her life could be saved.

"I don't know why she is asking us to charge you, and is not thanking you," Fressi said when we shook hands as I was leaving.

"That would be due to Phil Maddon, her Calvanian shepherd and possibly also Gorg, her ex-boyfriend," I said, and he nodded.

"Thank you for your understanding," he said referring to me choosing not to make a formal complaint about the treatment I had received, "Fogg will be dealt with."

"Thanks," I responded. He may not have been a friend now, but at least he and I understood each other.

That afternoon I spend some time with the team on the MS range in Hanger Watson Four, and when we had finished Emmy-Lee came over for a chat. She had wasted no time after Anna had suggested that she could have sex with me, and we had already got together for three marathon sessions over the six weeks that had passed since then. I fully expected her to be looking to hook up again, because we had both got right into it, but this time she surprised me with a different request.

"Josh," she said, "I'm going to be taking Destina out to the Gorge Road for some advanced training on the blade bike tomorrow, and I wonder if you would be interested in joining us?" Destina was a new member of my bodyguard team who was still in training. It was funny picturing her on a blade bike, because she was very tall but also very thin, sort of like the old anorexic supermodels that had been in vogue late in the 1900's. The blade bikes were quite large and heavy and it was hard to imagine her on one.

"I'd love to," I replied, "but am I ready for advanced yet?" I had done about four hours a week, first on simulators and then on the actual machines. I was taking learning to ride one well very seriously because, in the event of an attack on my limo, the blade bikes became a backup escape option. And it was also a lot of fun.

"Definitely," Emmy-Lee said, so I took a look at my schedule, saw there was nothing vital happening, and I cleared the day. 

"You're on," I said.

We took our three blade bikes with us when we left, along with my security escort comprising of another three machines, the limo (in case anyone hurt themselves) and there were even a couple of Stellar 2's patrolling above us. It felt like overkill, but I knew the Parsks were due to attack soon and we had to be prepared.

Emmy-Lee put both Destina and I through our paces, and pretty soon we were jumping over the bays where there was a fall from where we started to where we finished. I got the knack of jumping pretty quickly but Destina struggled with controlling her landings and kept hitting the road harder than necessary. It wasn't bad enough to cause her to crash, thanks to the self-righting function, but it was hard on both her and her machine.

"Damn it Destina," Emmy-Lee finally said, "you need to get softer on the landings."

"I know," Destina replied in frustration, "but it just isn't clicking for me."

"Maybe we could get you try pillion," Emmy-Lee said with an evil grin.

"How would that help?

"We can put Josh on the back, and position him so that a hard landing impales you on that monster cock of his." Destina looked shocked.

"Now hang on Emmy-Lee," I protested, "that is hardly appropriate." Emmy-Lee smiled and nodded.

"You're right," she agreed, "forget I ever mentioned it."

We kept on practicing, but Destina couldn't get the landings right no matter what she did. Eventually she looked at me.

"Can we do what Emmy-Lee suggested?" she asked timidly.

I have been in some very weird positions in my life, but flying over a bay, on a blade bike, with my erect cock held firmly against Destina's pussy opening, is up there in the top ten. We had no foreplay before we tried this, and when we hit hard her tiny unlubricated pussy dropped about a hundred millimetres over my cock, and she howled.

"Holy shit, that's huge," she moaned as I slowly withdrew.

"We don't have to do this," I said, not wanting to cause her any damage or pain.

"No, I have to get this right," Destina said, determinedly. Then she turned the blade bike around and rode back to the launch point to try again.

On the second jump she only went about half the depth of the previous one, and we just kept going back and trying again over and over until it appeared that she was able to control her landings. 

I had thought our very unconventional incentive system had actually worked until Destina suddenly started getting it wrong again. This continued for a couple of dozen jumps or so before I realised that there was a pattern to it. She would start with a perfect jump and then land so a quarter, then a half, then three quarters of my cock ended up in her tight little channel. Then she would start the series all over again.

I pulled out of a half-length impalement and said,

"You're doing this deliberately," and Destina just grinned.

I waited until we had launched and then I grabbed my cock and held it against the tiny rosebud of her asshole.

"Oh fuck," Destina howled when she realised what I had done, and she hastily changed her settings and stance, and then we landed perfectly.

"Damn it boss, if I had landed that hard you would have split me in half," she complained.

"I knew you had it in you," I replied with a grin.

"Yeah, and if I didn't I would have," she retorted. I really liked the way this girl thought.

"Twenty more perfect landings and I'll fuck you all the way home in the limo," I said, and Destina grinned.

"Now that is what I call incentive," she said, "just keep it up against my ass so I don't get too tempted by that delicious monster of yours." 

Her next twenty jumps were perfect, and as soon as she landed the last one Destina headed to the limo, stripping out of the rest of her uniform on the way.

"Come on boss," she said, "you've got a promise to keep."

Emmy-Lee gave me the thumbs up as I followed Destina, picking up the discarded bits of her uniform as I went.

Anna gave me a call, and she was obviously not happy.

"Who the hell is Commandant Fressi?" she asked.

"A pretty senior cop," I replied. I was surprised, I hadn't expected him to interview her himself.

"And why is he so interested in what happened to Epsilon?" she sounded furious.

"Um, the police have been asked to look into the time I had sex with her."

"By who?" 

"I don't actually know," I said. 

"To what end?" I decided I had to tell her.

"Well," I said nervously, "I have actually been charged with raping her."

"YOU WHAT?" Anna screamed.

It took me some time to try to calm her down, but in the end she was just furious with me too for not telling her what was going on. Despite my request for her not to get involved, she just said that she was going to confront Epsilon over the charge, and then she disconnected.

When the Parsks attacked, it was a week earlier than we had predicted, and this time we were warned in advance as we saw the massive alien ship on our sensors from quite a long distance outside our galaxy. We watched nervously as the huge ship approached, and then it stopped just short of Jupiter. About an hour after it came to a halt it fired a ray that hit our atmosphere and then, according to our panicking scientists, the ray began to destroy our atmosphere by removing the oxygen.
