 Jake and his Jinns were back home getting ready for Mary's party. While his Jinns were dressing Jake was trying to also. Problem was they kept running into the room naked every time he tried to get dressed. With his cock a little bigger each day, it was getting harder to stuff it in his pants with all the naked female flesh exposed. Damn and here he thought that they wanted to go they kept this up and he didn't think they'd be going anywhere.

Finally after almost two hours he managed to get his clothes on and his almost stiff cock stuffed into his pants. "Damn you two, I thought you wanted to go tonight," he breathed out.

Laughing at his discomfort, the paraded around in front of him. "Master we thought you liked seeing us naked," they both said again laughing at his discomfort. They finally managed to get loaded into his truck, with that they were off for Mary's place. Again as they neared the address, they found that she also lived out of the city. Buzzing in they drove a few minutes up to the front door.

Stopping at the front Mary walked out her self, behind another butler and a valet. Damn Jake thought they sure go all out. As Mary and the butler led them in, they could see that Mary was wearing a sheer evening dress and not a whole lot more under it. They could see she had no bra on, her breasts standing proud with no sag. Entering the foyer Mary smiled, they looked around but couldn't see any other guests. 

"I thought you were having a party tonight," Jake said,

"Oh, we are," Mary whispered, "but I didn't say we were having a big party, just us," Mary smiled a sexy and hungry smile. "I have never felt as alive as I did the other night, I NEED to feel that way again. It was an experience that I dreamed about all last night."

Jake stared at her though he wasn't surprised, Gen had told him the day before and though he wasn't surprised he was still a little shocked. "So Mary," Jake started, "just what type of party are we having tonight?"

"Well, after yesterday," Mary shyly looked at Jake, "I thought we might have a repeat of it only this time we'd have soft beds instead of the floor and carpet."

"Well," Jake slowly breathed out, "maybe Gen and I, but Rosalinda I'm not sure, she hasn't had an easy time of it. I won't force her into anything. You remember yesterday also, that you were worked up, as was Gen and that in turn got me horny as hell."

Sighing Mary was disappointed, she was hoping that they could pick up where they left off. "I think I understand," Mary said as she slowly started to rub Jake's crotch, "Oh, I think I might be able to get you worked up,"

Jake couldn't help but notice that his cock was rapidly growing, hell it was almost to the point that he was in extreme pain! Gen had moved closer and was rubbing her own and now Mary's crotch. Gen could feel Mary starting to get wetter and wetter, she her self had been wet for while now, she was very hot wanting her master.

Slowly Gen reached her hand down into Mary's panties eliciting a moan from her. Rosalinda could only watch for a few moments then she walked into the sitting room and waited for them, to get finished.

Sighing, she had to admit what she had seen had made her wet between her legs but she didn't feel like sex with an audience. She felt it was a personal thing and she wasn't ready to share her master. She knew that maybe one day, though that wasn't today. After what she, Gen and master had shared though only a blow job, was something that she wasn't willing yet to share with any one else. 

Sitting down she could hear Mary as she started to moan, next Gen started oh god! The sounds were about to drive her crazy! She was able to sit in silence 'til she heard both May and Gen start to pant, that pushed her to a breaking point.

Lifting her skirt she quickly dug her fingers into her panties, they were in the way and she quickly removed them. With a quiet squeak she drove her fingers as deep and fast as she could into her opening. Trying to not make noise she started to thrust faster and faster, the sounds of Gen groaning and the wet slapping of skin on skin drove her to her first orgasm. A moment later she heard Gen almost scream into her orgasm. Trying to calm, Rosalinda covered her sex with her skirt but continued to gently and slowly rub her clit.

Mary was in heaven this was better than last night. Gen's orgasm from Jake fucking her had driven her over the edge, Gen's tongue bringing Mary into her orgasm right behind Gen. God! She had to have Jake in her! She could swear his cock was getting longer and wider each day. Still hard after blowing a load in Gen Jake was ready again. 

Mary was already between Gen's legs sucking the cum from her pussy. Jake got between Mary's legs and drove his cock into her hitting bottom in no time. Mary felt Jake when he moved between her legs yes, yes! This was what she had been waiting for. She felt his hard shaft drive deep into her and she screamed out in pleasure.

Rosalinda heard Mary scream, her fingers in a quick quiet rhythm, finally unable to hold it back she clamped her lips shut as her second powerful orgasm washed over her. Rosalinda's orgasm was the most powerful she had, had in a very long time taking her by surprise. As the waves washed over her she thought it must be even more wonderful with master it was then that the world went black. A man rushed to her, then into the next room. Jake had just shot his second of the night when the butler rushed in and informed him that Rosalinda had fainted. Quickly disengaging from Mary he rushed naked to the next room.

Kneeling beside her Jake gently rubbed her arms and face. Coming round she stared into the face of love and worry, smiling she looked down at what was poking at her arm. Seeing that it was Jake's cock she blushed and whispered, "excuse me master Jake but is all that for me?"

Whispering back he replied, "any time you want it Rosalinda, any time." With that he helped her to sit making sure she wasn't going to pass out again, then went to the other room to apologize and get dressed. Mary wasn't too happy but she had, had her orgasm and waved them off knowing Jake was too worried about Rosalinda to do much more that night.

Driving home Jake talked to Gen in his mind asking if there was a doctor for Jinn's where the council was. When she replied yes, Jake told her to get the doctor here but not be gone long, just as soon as they got home. Arriving home, Jake took Rosalinda in and told Gen to go and hurry, then he laid Rosalinda in the bed and waited. After he'd lain her on the bed he noticed that she had no panties on, that was odd he was sure she had some on when they left.

"Rosalinda," Jake stated when she awoke, "just where are your panties?"

Looking down she replied, "I was listening to you pleasure Gen and Mary tonight. I got a funny feeling between my legs and I noticed that I was wet. It got worse when Gen started to moan so loud, I started to rub my self but found that my panties were in the way, so I took them off."

Looking as if she were going to cry, Rosalinda continued. "It felt so good master, I kept thinking it was you buried in me. That it was your shaft throbbing deep inside, your seed bursting forth filling me to overflowing. I am sorry master," tears streaming down her face. "I await your punishment of me."

Oh my god! She sounded just like Gen when he first found her. "Stand up Rosalinda, I will never punish you for wanting to do something that will bring you joy and pleasure."

A look of surprise and shock was dominating her face, "master you punished Gen wh..."

"That was one time, when she broke rules I set not many but I still have a few. As I said, I will not punish you for doing something, as long as it doesn't break Jinn or my rules," he broke in.

Rosalinda was speechless, Gen wasn't lying Master Jake. He really was that way but still had it been any other master she would have been forced to the solitude and loneliness of her bottle. By the great Jinn she hated that bottle, she had been so happy when it had cast into the bottomless abyss. She was about to tell him how grateful she was when Gen appeared with Doctor Hime. 

Rosalinda wouldn't let Gen or Jake leave the room, the doctor wasn't too happy but it was her wish, so he didn't push it. After an hour the doctor finished, he told them that it was extremely unusual for a Jinn to faint. As far as he had seen in all the centuries, he had working on Jinn's as a doctor, he only knew of three things that could cause it.

"The first is that she is with child, I determined that this is not true. The second from a very strong bond such as you and Gen share, during sex, it's a transfer of energy," He took a deep breath he hoped they were ready for this," the third I believe we have in your case, after being in another body for so long, your own is weak. The stimulation alone wasn't what did it. I believe you are developing feelings for your master. It's the only explanation I can find." Looking at Jake he continued, "she is afraid to approach you but you need to have sex with her or she will fade. She is a sex Jinn not unlike Gen, today helped her in the short term. Master Jake she needs sexual contact to strengthen her or she will fade and be gone."

Shocked Jake was almost at a loss for words, "Doctor, I can not force her, I will not force her there has to be another way."

Shaking his head sadly the Doctor said, "no, I wish there was, if she wasn't a sex Jinn, I might be able to save her. For her, only the act it's self can save her."

Thanking the Doctor, he was gone just as quick, looking at Rosalinda he spoke, "I can not force you into sex, master or no master. That would make you a slave and I do not believe in slaves. I still think that when you are ready you will let me know."

Tears of joy feel from her face, leaning into Jake she locked her arms around him and kissed him long and deep. Leaning to his ear she whispered, "Thank you master, I feel honored that you are allowing me the choice. No one has ever offered me this chance." Kissing him deeply again as fresh tears fell, Rosalinda moved away, followed by Gen who wore a worried look on her face.

Jake went and sat at his desk not sure what his next move would be. He had to admit that Rosalinda was a beauty. Hell if he had to choose between Gen or Rosalinda he knew that he would never be able to do it. Gen's lithe body, her light brown hair, her perfect breasts, ah! The things she could do. Jake had seen all of Rosalinda (when he walked in on her shower) her flaming red hair, her shapely body and breasts, even her ass was enticing to him. Yup it was official there was no way he could pick between them.

Gen walked out of the next room a look of great concern on her face. "Master I can not get an answer from Rosalinda. Is she well? Did the doctor say anything was wrong? I am sorry for asking so much master, I am worried about her, I consider her my sister now."

Jake wasn't sure what he should tell her but he had decided, when this all started that he wouldn't lie to her. Jake then went into all that the doctor had said, he had known that she was afraid, it didn't take a mind reader to see that. He felt he had to wait is all.

"Gen," he started, "I told her that I would not force her and I never will. I told her that when she was ready she would let me know, I felt it was her choice."

Gen's eyes opened wide, her master had given Rosalinda a choice! Much as he had given her one! Now she didn't care, he was such an oddity of a master but she didn't care. He was their master, the saviour of the Jinn race and she would do anything for him! Thinking about it, she felt that soon Rosalinda would also. Sighing she hoped that Rosalinda decided soon, Gen was loving her like a sister and didn't want her to fade or go away.

"Master?" Gen asked, "I am thirsty for your touch may I?" Jake just nodded, not really thinking clearly about what Gen had asked 'til her felt the cooler air of the room. Then he felt something wet and warm around his cock.

In the next room Rosalinda heard Jake groan, then the slurping sounds of Gen. Again she felt a throbbing between her legs and drove her fingers deep into her soaking wet pussy. Oh my god! It felt so good! Why was she afraid of master seeing her naked? He had already seem everything and was obviously turned on liking very, very much what he saw. 

She had even walked up to him naked. Now she felt like a scared child afraid to let him see her. Maybe the doctor had been wrong maybe she was sick, he said that...ugh! Her orgasm erupted through her, it was satisfying but still felt somewhat empty as did her pussy even filled with three fingers.

Her orgasm through, she felt a small boost to her failing powers, she had to get over this! There was something wrong! She couldn't talk to master, it was too embarrassing, Gen was too much in love to be of any help. She needed her mother but even with the boost would it be enough to reach her, plus she needed master's permission. An hour later Rosalinda walked in the next room, "Master may I ask my mother to visit?" She prayed he let her.

Thinking about it a moment, he said, "Yes, but a room needs to be prepared for her,"

"Oh! thank you master," Rosalinda said throwing her arms around him and kissing him deeply.

Rosalinda left the room with Gen close behind, "I am going to need your help, my powers are weak I had another slight boost but I don't think I can call mother and do the room."

"Oh my! By the great Jinn, you need master and soon. You can't go away! I have just got you for a sister and I will fight to keep you alive, as I am sure master will." Gen said almost in tears with a blink an extra room was added while Rosalinda concentrated to call her mother. 

There was a boom then a flash, then before her stood her mother. "Mother," Rosalinda said as she flung her arms around her.

"OH! Little one it is so good to visit you out of the realm," her mother said.

"Mother, I need your help. I am so weak, the doctor said I must have sex with master or I will fade. I think I love master but I am so afraid of him. Even though he is unlike any master I have ever seen or heard of, I am still afraid and he left the decision up to me." 

With that she began to weep in her mother's arms. For the next hour her mother asked her questions 'til she finally smiled. She knew what she needed to do to help her daughter now, she hoped master Jake wasn't upset by it though.

Jake was feeling dirty he felt like he hadn't had a shower in what felt like days. Stepping into the bathroom he stopped short when he saw Rosalinda standing there naked. Startled he could only watch her step into the enclosure. After a moment she looked up and saw him.

"I'm sorry Rosalinda, once again I intruded on you," he said as he started to turn.

Rosalinda knew this was her only chance and spoke quickly, "don't be master but before you go can you help me with this?" She said indicating the shower controls, "I am unfamiliar with the way this works."

Stepping into the shower past her naked body did nothing to help the fact, that his cock was steel hard and threating to bust a hole in the front of his pants. Turning the handles nothing happened, that's odd thought Jake. Taking off his shirt, Rosalinda almost groaned at the appearance of his naked chest. Looking over everything Jake was about to step out when the shower started with more pressure than it should have, had. 

Falling against the wall Jake then hit the floor, Rosalinda fell on top of him. His face between her breasts. Jake enjoyed their softness on each side of his face. Her breath coming faster she began to press her breasts to his mouth. Taking a nipple as it was offered he suckled each in turn. Reaching down Rosalinda freed Jake's cock from his pants eliciting a groan at the release of his confined member. Standing Jake shucked his pants, "We need to wash quickly," Rosalinda said.

Washing and rinsing quickly, they hardly dried at all almost running to the bed. Jake laid her down and slowly kissed his way down her body. Upon reaching her navel, Rosalinda squealed with delight. Then he even slower inched his way to her opened sex. Taking in her rich musk scent he began to lavish kisses and deep licks closer and closer to her opening.

Once there he began to drink deep of her woman's juices, the heady scent of her sex making him want to go deeper. As he got his tongue as deep as he could and then tried to go deeper. Screaming she had her first orgasm, oh my god! It was so much better than her fingers! Oh god her master was so good, screaming she had another experiencing her first ever multi-orgasm.

Jake had never given any woman a multi-orgasm before, he was almost afraid he had hurt her somehow. Pushing his face away she tried to pull Jake up to her, Jake slowly kissed his way up paying special attention to her nipples suckling and lightly licking the tips of each. Rosalinda sighed in contentment but she wanted more! Finally finding his lips she tasted her self, then she felt his cock head start to lightly poke around her opening.

By the great Jinn! He was about to drive her crazy! "Master Jake, Please! No more teasing take me!" With that Jake plunged in, filling her, sliding all the way in 'til his scrotum rested on her ass.

Screaming out in pleasure Rosalinda felt so wonderfully full! Master's cock was perfect! Oh! By the great Jinn why had she been afraid? This wasn't painful it was glorious! Jake settled into a rhythm that was slow at first, it seemed that with each passing moment Rosalinda was thrusting back at him trying to take Jake deeper than he already was. He could feel her vaginal muscles trying to grasp him and not allow him to withdraw, he felt her suddenly tense up then started bucking as her second set of orgasms hit her. 

Jake was starting to thrust harder now, Rosalinda was meeting him with each stroke. He could now feel his own release nearing with each stroke, trying to hold back he soon felt her start to stiffen again. Suddenly thrusting in hard he began to flood her with his seed. Rosalinda was so excited master was cumming in her! With that she felt her third set of orgasms begin to ripple then wash, till it was as powerful as anything she had ever felt. At that very moment she knew she had fallen in love and was her master's forever.