 Note: This is High Fantasy story set in a different 'universe' than my normal stories. I originally wrote this in 2009. I cleaned a bit of it up, but it unfortunately it still has much of my old writing style/habits. I'm posting this now, because I haven't had much time to write new things lately. I've been working on a different project. But I do have an hour here and there to dust off some things from my shelf so to speak and put them out there.

*****

Eilya and her mother sat on a small boat in beautiful summer dresses with their servant rowing across the mirror like surface of Tacano Lake. Eilya's white dress had a scooped front that barely touched the top of her breasts. The fabric along the hem of her dress was patterned with many colored spring flowers and she wore white gloves with pink ribbons around the wrists. The back of the dress was covered in many folds. Her mother's dress was baby blue, darker on the back and hemmed with bows. They each carried an umbrella with a color that matched their dresses.

The wind blew ever so gently through the young woman's black hair. The sun was very hot, but the shade from the umbrella covered their faces. Eilya set down the umbrella at her side and closed her eyes while her face was bathed in sunlight.

"Cover thy face mine darling, thou shalt get a dark complexion for certain."

The sun felt so good against her skin. Although it made her sweat, she loved the feeling against the top of her chest and her face. Even so, she complied with her mother's wishes.

"Mother when are we leaving?" the young woman asked.

"Whenever thy father hath finished speaking with Duke Uiewega I assume." She said, fanning herself with a thick leaf shaped parchment fastened with a wooden handle. "Thou wish to leave already?"

"Nay mother, I would wish to stay here for long into the eve. It may be hot today, but the lake doth seem so full of peace in contrast to our abode in Kirsgar."

"Take care young lady that you do not take for granted the innumerable amenities which are offered to thee by thy father and I in said home."

"Yes mother," Eilya said meekly.

"Take us ashore," Lady Farney ordered the servant, who faced away from them, with oars barely grazing the calm lake.

"Yes Mistress," he said with a short bow of the head. He took the oars and rowed the boat to the side of the lake.

"Mother, may I stay on the boat a bit longer?"

"Dear are you sure? It is getting quite sweltering. We should return to the gazebo."

"Please mother," Eilya said with eager eyes.

"Oh very well my spoiled child," Lady Farney replied. "Let her tarry for not more than half of an hour," she told the servant.

"Yes Mistress."

Eilya's mother held her legs together tightly and the servant carried Lady Farney over the shallow water to the shore. After returning to the boat through the short rushes he began rowing across the shore towards an area of ducks.

"Gerbin lets go that way," Eilya said, pointing towards the center of the lake with a smile.

"Yes Mistress Eilya." He rowed farther from the shore, into deeper waters. The lake bed had a great deal of vegetation near the shore, but farther out it got clearer. Eilya peered over the edge, her eyes darting across the water.

"Do you think there are any fish in there?" Eilya asked.

"Yes I'm sure there are," he said.

"The teachers have told me so, but I've never seen any," Eilya replied.

"The water is quite dark near the bottom Mistress, but thou can see the fish as they near the surface."

Eilya looked even more intently. "I don't see anything," she said.

Eilya set down the umbrella and pushed down her dress a bit showing a bit of her cleavage as she closed her eyes to rest. The servant looked at her from the corner of his eye. Then there was a splash and Eilya sat up quickly in surprise.

"What was that?"

"A fish perhaps," he answered. Eilya looked down again leaning over the side.

"Careful Mistress the boat could tip," he said leaning to the opposite side.

The alabaster cleavage of Eilya's breasts poked up over the rim of the boat as she looked down. She drew in a breath sharply. On the surface of the water, a corked bottle floated towards the boat. A large brilliant emerald ring rested inside. Eilya reached forward, the boat tipping as she struggled to grasp the floating treasure.

"Mistress Eilya, not so far!" Gerbin warned as she plucked the bottle up into the boat.

"What's this?" she asked, noticing a thin rope wrapped around a finger hole on the neck of the bottle.

Suddenly the rope was pulled forward and Eilya went along with it as she let out a scream. A man's head popped out of the water and he roughly grabbed her by the arms.

Another head rose to the surface as well. Both men had long brown hair. One was tied back with a piece of twine and the other's fell loosely against his neck.

"Mistress!" Gerbin shouted as Eilya screamed again, but before he could do anything she felt the point of a spear press against her throat.

"Oh Karadael!" the servant cried in fear. On the beach several men noticed the commotion.

The man holding the spear to Eilya's neck gurgled and water spat from his lips. Then he spoke in low tones.

"Guh dfh," he began at first, but then his voice rose in a yell that carried over the water in a strange gutteral accent.

"Bring the Duke of Dukaut to the lake at this spot at the time when the sun is highest tomorrow or the girl dies! Ha! Tomorrow, bring the Duke!"

Then the men pulled Eilya underwater. Her skirts billowed and slowed her decent down. She struggled against them to no avail. One of the men tore at her skirt with a spear, ripping it to shreds. The other grabbed her head and put a thick chain around her neck. 

Eilya was panicked and struggled as she finally took in a breath, not being able to resist any longer. The water stung her lungs at first, but then she felt the pain subside. As the men towed her down she realized she was breathing. She could breathe underwater! Then she looked to her captors. They were no ordinary men. They were some of the monstrous fish-men of which she had only heard stories. They had a large scaly fish tail where there legs should be, but their appearance from the waist up was that of handsome men. One of the men turned his face to her and gazed into her eyes.

Calm thyself beautiful sun-haired maiden of the surface, we wish only to take you to our realm and introduce you to our general she heard in her head with slow thoughts in an unusual cadence.

Eilya tried to speak but nothing came out of her mouth but water.

Speak with your mind the other Merman said telepathically.

What? Eilya thought. The Mermen stopped swimming down and hovered a bit above the muddy floor that continued to slope deeper into the lake towards the center.

Yes like that the merman replied.

Like what? Eilya thought with confusion.

Just think out loud to us and we will hear it he said.

Why are you taking me underwater? And why am I not drowning?

Well you are not drowning because of the enchanted necklace we put on you he explained pointing to right below her chin. There was a fish head set at the center of the chain.

Disgusting she thought, trying to pull the loose chain off.

No you dullard, keep that on he ordered, shoving the fish to her ample breast.

The fish skull had a quartz gem in each eye socket and some runes carved into the cheekbone. The chain was covered in rust but didn't feel that uncomfortable.

We are taking you to see our leader. Beneath this lake, which you call Tacano, is a small city where we have been watching you air breathers for decades. General Golling has grown enraged by the trash you humans have been dumping into the lake and has decided to start taking hostages until your people stop.

I didn't know any fish people lived under the lake Eilya responded.

Your kind is guilty of many crimes but this one cannot continue he said.

Eilya was quiet. She adjusted her dress but the skirts flew up, showing her nether regions.

Look, one of her kidnappers thought, pointing at the area between her legs.

Yes, she is quite pretty. And those nice breasts the other said with a grin. At that, an area on his tail unfolded from his scales, something she noticed immediately.

Oh Erakman! she exclaimed. A pink organ with a bluish base had grown from his scales at his pelvis. 

We are not as impotent as you might think.

It was a large smooth cock. The scales split around it to expose the fleshy piece of meat.

It's so big she thought.

You think so? Do I have a bigger 'tail' than land males? he asked.

Thats one of the biggest weapons I've seen on a man she said.

Thou art as beautiful and tempting as the women of my race, but your hair is of a strange color the other merman said drawing his hand through her golden locks.

Fergol, should we not inspect her person for weapons before we take her to the general? he thought aloud. The fish-men looked at each other then and spoke with their minds to each other, but she could not hear them.

But I have no weapons she professed.

We cannot believe the words of land walkers Fergol said.

Ergou, grab her arms and I will search her he smiled.

Yes officer.

Fergol put his spear around his shoulder with a tied piece of rope and then began feeling over Eilya's shoulders. He lowered his hands to her breasts and began feeling and squeezing.

Uhhh, oh what is he doing she thought.

Just stay calm he replied.

I felt something hard he thought after a minute of squeezing. The merman held her arms tightly.

Ouch, she said.

Untie her dress he ordered the other soldier.

He pulled out the laces of her bodice and then they pulled down her top, exposing her large breasts.

Oh amazing! I've never seen such beautiful breasts. So pink, he said pressing her nipple.

Stop, you can't do this to me she protested in her mind.

The merman grabbed her breasts and squeezed.

Does that feel good? he questioned.

Uhh.. Damn,- it does feels good. Don't say it she thought. The mermen laughed. What? I didn't say anything she thought.

No but we can hear thy thoughts, remember?

Oh damn, then I better not think about what their big cocks might feel like in my mouth she thought aloud again. They both smiled. Offal! she swore.

Ergou swam up to her head as his cock began to grow. He stuck the dick to her lips. It was bigger than Fergol's, about six inches soft with a long foreskin hanging from the tip. The water seemed to act as a natural lubricant and the dick slipped in her open mouth easily. She had no problem breathing with the necklace as his cock pressed deep into her mouth, although it felt quite strange.

Offal, I should have known they'd want me she thought.

Fergol lifted the remainder of her tattered skirts and gazed upon her beautiful tight vulva.

Ah such a lovely pink cave he thought. Covered in short yellow moss

He put his tongue to her pussy lips and began to lick.

Oh gods that fish-man has a great tongue she thought as Fergol put his short but thick tongue to her labia. He licked deeper until he decided to rub against her clit. As he did, she removed Ergou's cock from her mouth and moaned aloud, although it didn't make much sound underwater. Ergou shoved her against his balls and she began to suck on them. They were light blue and felt amazingly smooth.

Fergol the merman said, Let's take her to that land walker structure over there he pointed deeper as he held her head against his genitals with her long flowing blond hair. They led her by the hands to a ship's crow's nest that was lodged into the dirt. A shipwreck was strewn around where they were swimming, buried in the dark muck.

I get her first Fergol stated, pushing Eilya's hips against the railing and bending her forward. He pressed his cock to her cunt lips and shoved, with a flap of his tail propelling him forward slightly as he entering her from behind.

Ohh! Oh

Her cave is so tight he said.

Ergou continued to fuck Eilya's mouth with his dick. Fergol pressed his fishy meat into her hard, using his tail to thrust against her with force. With his hands he held onto the railing. Eilya's hips ground into the railing, making her skin slightly red, though the feeling of his slippery dick inside of her was incredible. She had never had sex in the water and the sensation was very different from on the surface. She kneaded her large breasts in her hands, getting off on his eager thrusts.

Oh yes human, you feel so good, he though.

She sucks better than any Pterygii woman I know Ergou mused.

Then Fergol laid her down on the deck sideways and fucked her from the other side of the railing.

Oh yes take me! Take me! she shouted in her mind.

Doth my rod not feel good inside you? Fergol questioned her.

Ohhh yes you damnable fish-man it feels so good! Oh don't stop scrumping me, don't stop she thought. Fergol could feel Eilya's tight cunt squeeze his cock and he began to let himself go.

 Xertedæl damn it! he though with frustration as his cock exploded inside her. She squeezes too much. He pulled his hips back and his dick spewed the rest of his cum into the water. 

Offal, I almost was there she thought. She locked eyes with Ergou, and pulled his cock towards her pussy.

You really want my pole don't you human beauty? he asked.

I need it she thought, Oh Erakman, just give me your big dick she said.

Ergou pushed and with hardly any effort his cock entered into her tight but obviously wet cunny. 

Oh offal! she screamed, opening her mouth wide. She began to have an orgasm as Ergou thrusted against her, squeezing Ergou's dick and the remainder of Fergol's "fish-sauce" out of her pussy.

You were right Fergol, this is the best cunt I've ever had he smiled.

Eilya grabbed Fergol's limp dick and began to clean it in her mouth as Ergou fucked her. Ergou turned the young maiden over and pressed slowly against her asshole with his cock.

Oh Erakman, don't— she started, reaching back to cover her ass.

Fergol get her hands, Ergou thought.

The merman took her hands and held them fast while Ergou pressed his cock deeper into her ass.

Aaaaoow! she screamed in her mind.

Xertedæl, that's tight! he said in his mind.

Erakman! Oh offal! she thought.

He moved slowly at first, until he had opened up her ass to the point he could grind in her good.

Ohhh... god she moaned. Offal that's deep she thought.

Thou enjoyeth my second tail in thine rump? he asked with his mind.

Offal... ohhffal. Oh yes she confessed. I don't want to admit it. Oh but it does. Damnit it feels— great! she thought.

Oh her dark cave is so good Ergou said aloud with his mind. He pushed Eilya down against the ground and pounded her hard.

Ohh! Ugh!

Yeah scrump her well Fergol said as Eilya licked his balls.

Oh it feels too good Ergou thought. Uh! he cried, finally filling her ass with cum.

Offal! she said, as his juice oozed out of her ass, his hips still thrusting against her.

When he was finished Fergol spewed forth again, spraying into the water. 

Eilya smiled, momentarily in the afterglow of the 'fishy' encounter, but it was very brief. Fergol grabbed her arms while Ergou tied them behind her back with a rope he had tied around his waist. The rope went above and below her breasts, squishing them up. Her dress, which was so tattered because of the ripping and tearing during sex, looked like a thick and shaggy belt around her midsection. It left the rest of her nubile body uncovered. 

As the mermen pulled her along Eilya saw they were nearing a shipwreck at the bottom of the lake. As they approached Eilya could make out other merfolk swimming around the ship. As they got nearly 30 yards away two mermen approached them that saluted. Fergol and Ergou returned the gesture by holding their free hand against their heart.

We bring the human captive for the General, Fergol told them with his mind.

Why is she so unclothed? the man said looking over her entire body, almost lost in her heavenly features. 

She... fought with us and her clothing tore.

Very well. We will take you to the holding cell, land-wench, the other merman said. They dragged Eilya towards the ship. As they approached Eilya noticed a few caves carved into the rock below the bow which rested farthest from them. They swam down into the center of the ship where netting usually was placed over the poop deck. From there they approached another merman. This one was dressed with the skulls of humanoids around his neck, most looked like they belonged to children or gnomes. He had a patch over one of his eyes and at his waist was attached several small bags. He looked old, with gray hair in his beard and streaked through the hair at his temples.

Eilya turned from him, fearing his gaze.

What is this filth? he asked, looking to her legs, and then staring at her large bare breasts.

Randsom prisoner by order of General Golling one of the guards replied telepathically.

I see he thought. She is to be put in the brig? he asked.

Yes Priest Soggl the guard replied.

Then follow he told them. 

They moved single file down the staircase which was tilted a bit at an angle along with the rest of the ship as they swam deeper into the large fishing vessel. They got to the brig by swimming along the stairs to the lower deck. After opening the prison cell door with the squeak of rusted metal they pushed Eilya inside. The lock had rusted so that it was virtually useless, but Priest Soggl pulled from one of his bags a waterlogged herb and crushed it in his hand while he muttered into the water. Bubbles came from his lips as he spoke and when he was finished he threw the herb at the lock with a flourish. There was a loud click as the lock was engaged and the herb disappeared.

Why are you doing this? she asked.

They said nothing and left her alone. Eilya sunk to the ground and lay there, her hands still bound tightly against her back. She struggled with the ropes for long hours until she fell asleep. She woke as she heard the sounds of the clacking of metal. She looked up to see two mermen at the door to the cell. One was a guard that was banging his spear against the rusted bars. The other looked a big larger than the others, and much more handsome, with two ropes slung across each shoulder. At the center where the ropes met over his chest was a metal piece of armor, much like a shield about one span in diameter. Embossed on the surface was the head of a stag with long pronged horns. The metal was scarred across its iron surface and rusted a bit near the bottom edge. Around his waist he had tied a big piece of maroon fabric that wrapped around his pelvis similar to a kilt. Around his neck hung a golden necklace with a large quartz crystal that had been cut to a beautiful pear shape.

Please stand up he said softly into her mind.

Eilya looked into his green eyes and felt his interest in her. She sat up.

Please, come closer he asked.

She tentatively swam forward. When she had closed the distance between the bars, he reached forward and grabbed her head. She tried to shrink away, but he held her fast, and turned her head to the side.
