 This one is about twice as long as my past posts, hope you enjoy it...

*****

Chapter 13

He spent the next hour helping the soldiers and healing the wounded. His magic felt low, but he had enough for that if he went to each one and physically touched them. He also figured out how to focus his magic. If he just turned it on, it would actively try to restore, heal, protect and change. But if he focused hard enough, he could get it to just heal and restore the soldiers, they had no need of protection or change at the moment and it was a waste of magic.

The oath Anton had given him didn't mean he had to come up with all the ideas, it was just when there were conflicting ideas he could force his through. No one had a differing opinion though, the way forward was obvious. Take the sixteen hundred men that were left and free the southern villages. There were still five hundred enemy soldiers down there, though split up in the towns.

For now anyway, he was convinced the commander of the enemy invasion had escaped, he had a feeling he would go for the towns as well, to collect his remaining troops and set a new trap. Though the end of the battle had been a rout, they had lost about four hundred of the two thousand soldiers that survived the trap. Still, in a battle, five to one on the butcher's bill was a huge win, even if it didn't feel like one. 

He did use the oath once though during the strategy meeting.

Anton said, "I need to go back north, report to the king and collect more troops."

He shook his head, "No, you'd be gone over a week. You need to lead the forces doing actual battle, why don't you write a report of what happened, what troops you need, and send an air talent to deliver it."

He had some good ideas from Earth's history and had smelled out the trap, but he wasn't a general. He didn't mind giving Anton orders, but he couldn't run the soldiers. He was also getting more comfortable with the culture and how things worked here, but he still knew he had a lot to learn. The problem was, he didn't know what he didn't know. 

As long as Anton was here with his own ideas and advice he wouldn't do anything too stupid in ignorance. Like get four thousands soldiers killed? He sighed at the thought, Anton wasn't all that happy about staying because of his blunder, hopefully he would get over it.

Although he could probably depend on Nora for that instead of Anton, he didn't think the soldiers would follow a woman's orders, plus, she was in charge of their little group, she couldn't do both at the same time, at least, not well. He also thought that though she had experience in a small squad and could lead, that might not translate well to leading a much larger force.

The battle had only taken a couple of hours, once things were settled and they had gotten some food down, they set out for a half days march. The faster they went, the more likely they would catch the Egerian soldiers in small numbers. Even so, it would be this time tomorrow before they reached the first town. 

He was a little tempted to go on ahead with the ladies, together they could probably kill fifty soldiers easily, but he held back from that idea.

He moved himself right next to Nicci and asked softly, "You doing okay after that mess this morning?"

She shrugged half heartedly and said, "Seeing all that death... It drove home what a self absorbed brat I've been. I don't need to prove anything to anyone. I just need to do my best for the people around me."

Trying to cheer her up he said, "You forgot beautiful, a beautiful self absorbed brat."

What the hell? Why did those dumb ass things always sound better in his head?

She asked with head hanging, "Is that what you think of me, really?"

Obviously he had failed miserably at the cheering up thing so he tried again, this time without the humor that wasn't funny.

Softly in denial he said, "Of course not," in a serious tone he added, "I think you grew up isolated, and it's just taking a while for you to open up to what's around you. Self absorbed has a... selfish connotation, and you have never been that. Just, trouble connecting at first."

She smiled a bit, a mischievous twinkle growing in her eye. He guessed he got it right the second time.

She cocked her head cutely and asked, "So not beautiful then either?"

He snorted, "Fishing for a compliment? That's like the water asking if it's wet."

At her confused face he said, "Merely beautiful is a major understatement."

She looked up with an innocent smile, then winked. 

That was another issue he had, the words translated but the sayings didn't. Right as rain, fit as a fiddle, fishing for a compliment etc... Still, at least he got her to give him a smile, so, mission accomplished.

He also noticed he wasn't getting that hold off feeling anymore while talking to her, yet he had no idea why, or what had prompted it before. He was starting to have suspicions about his feelings and those promptings during sex. His power connected to the goddess, but that wasn't unique. Still, he wondered if Cytherea had been, and still is, feeding him non-verbal advice that he was free to accept or reject. So far he had followed those feelings and it had always turned out well...

Besides, one could do a lot worse than having the goddess of love as a relationship coach and to improve his ability to sense what would give his partner the greatest pleasure during sex. He would be a fool not to listen. It sounded absurd to him, but there it was. He had originally thought it related to his magic, but none of the things his magic did had anything to do with identifying a woman's secondary erogenous zones.

He frowned at that thought, his magic did enhance the pleasure during sex, so perhaps he was reading into it too much, and the truth was it didn't really matter either way. He was after all, still learning about his new power, perhaps there was more yet to understand...

He looked at her out of the corner of his eye, very glad, that his instincts weren't having him hold off anymore. All of the women attracted him, but in different ways. In Nicci's case it was her fresh innocent face and incredible body, it evoked a strange mix of protectiveness and the need to have her in every way imaginable until he collapsed in exhaustion. Her cute looks and the way she flirted seemed to enhance that innocence and in short, drove him crazy.

He also loved that she had a joy that was infectious, and a wonder of the world around her that probably came from her being closeted in the castle so much.

He admitted to himself he may have disregarded the inner urgings to leave her be, if his libido hadn't been getting plenty of attention from Nora and Kat. Those two ladies more than took the edge off, and held his complete attention. He saw her mouth twitch and knew he'd been busted staring again, fortunately she not only didn't mind but seemed to eat up his attention.

They talked for a while longer before he went off to spend some time with the rest of the women, after all, if he planned to spend most of tonight with Nicci, assuming she said yes, he needed to make sure he didn't neglect the others...

---

Arnath stared down from two thousand feet, fighting off his rage. He wanted nothing more than to go into a dive and kill the cursed Flame that had cost him so much. That wasn't his purpose though, at this height he was sure they would never detect his presence. He was following to be sure where they were going.

It looked to him they planned to start at the westernmost village and sweep the border going east from town to town. It wasn't a bad plan, but worthless now that he knew. He managed to force himself to break off, his anger growing. He could feel nothing else now, just anger and fear, which simply made him more angry. It had been a struggle for him to control himself.

He headed for the town east of where they were going. He would simply gather his troops, sweeping east a day or two ahead the whole way. They should have close to five hundred in the last town. He was tempted to gut the towns on his way through, but his king wanted to make the Abelawethans slaves, not dead enemies. He had a feeling he would already be in enough trouble for his failures.

He wasn't sure yet what he would do, once they were all gathered. If he could set a trap, he might consider it, or he may take what was left and head for the border. He considered it as he flew...

---

Kat was a hunter, a tiger made of mostly muscle, designed to stalk and kill her prey. Her magic lent her even more skill and strength. She was stalking a deer about a mile away from the main force. She had killed many soldiers this morning and needed time to come to terms with it, to absorb the strange turns her life had taken. Hunting was in her blood, familiar, and felt normal. She needed normal.

She didn't for a moment regret her feelings for Justin, or what they shared together. Quite the opposite, she loved him more than she ever thought would be possible despite their first meeting being a scant week ago. She would never regret following him that afternoon.

But the battle had hit her hard. She was a hunter, but one of animals, for food and sustenance. She was not a killer... or at least, not until this past week. They were invaders, and she had protected her intended mate, and she had reveled in it. The first two points didn't bother her at all, it was the third that had drove her to escape, to be alone with her thoughts, to go on a simple hunt.

Did she revel in the fact she had protected Justin, kept him safe? Or was it the kill, the power to take a life with such speed and ease. She hoped, she wanted it to be the former. But she just wasn't sure. So she was out here, doing what she knew best while trying to make sense of it.

She bared her teeth, having successfully snuck up to striking range her body scrunched in tight, muscles contracting, and she dove forward. The deer didn't even see what hit it, as she closed her jaws around its neck and twisted.

---

Nora shrugged off the guilt as she followed Kat's trail. She had recognized the look in her eyes, it was the same look Nora had worn after her first battle. Back then, it had been her sisters, who had been there for her and explained it. The guilt she felt was simply because she was growing to like Kat a lot. Outside of sharing Justin, she was becoming a real friend.

Now she was planning to tell Kat what she had been told, something that until now, had been shared only within the ranks of her own unit. It was something that had brought her closer to her new sisters two years ago. The guilt was because it felt like a betrayal, but that was stupid she knew, so she did her best to ignore it. Kat needed her.

She still remembered it like it was yesterday. It was her first fight off the streets, the first fight with actual casualties. She had killed three men that day, and had enjoyed it, she had felt... powerful. Afterwards, once her heart slowed, and her adrenaline dissipated she had felt horror and thought herself a monster for enjoying it.

She remembered how Bria had set her straight. It was slightly cruel, but effective, Bria had explained after, emotions trump logic every time. She just hoped she would be able to pull it off. She wasn't much of an actress. She found Kat skinning a deer with her claws and walked up and took a seat on the ground and just started talking.

"You know, it feels like that every time. The adrenaline, the way their life drains from their eyes. The satisfaction and thrill of it that makes a heart beat in excitement. I been killing those fuckers for two years, I practically get off on it, nothing better. Did you know they send in small parties all the time, it's only the large ones that get noticed overly.

"Still, it can be addicting the killing, making me feel the way it does. It works for all types of folk too. Not just enemy soldiers. I got an itch, what do you say we sneak off a bit, track down a couple of travelers and get us a fucking thrill, I know you liked it, I could see it in your eyes."

She watched as the tiger flashed with light, and suddenly she was looking up at Kat, an innocent look on her face as Kat stared down at her in horror. She could see Kat's eyes were damp.

She looked up quizzically and said, "What? Don't you want to feel that thrill again? Let's go!"

"NO!" she practically screamed it.

Scrunching her eyes together she looked up and asked, "Why not?"

Kat yelled, "Because I'm not a monster!"

She said calmly with a gentle smile, "Of course you're not. Remember how you feel right now, because that proves you are not a monster, a murderer, or sick in the head. The thrill is natural, from adrenaline, a survival instinct. You are normal, just like everyone else."

Kat spluttered, "But, what was all that murder talk about then."

She replied, "Emotion trumps logic. I had to show you emotionally you aren't a monster, before you would listen to the logic of it. Sorry," she smiled sheepishly, "If I remember right I was mad at Bria for doing that to me for a day or two, but I was a hopeless cause back then, so forgive me?"

Nora watched as Kat's face couldn't settle on anger, relief or annoyance. Perhaps consternation. 

She asked innocently, "Need any help dressing the deer? If we take too long Justin might get lost or something."

Kat snorted and shook her head in disbelief, but she said, "Fine..."

She remembered being in the same place Kat was now as well, and knew it would all work out. With a smile she made a dagger of pure compressed air and got to work...

---

Sally listened as Justin told her about his old world, what the people were like and all sorts of other things. When he had first come over to chat he had asked about her life, and she had told him a couple of stories about growing up in her village. But the longer she talked the more uncomfortable she became until finally she had redirected and started asking him question after question.

The reason was, as she was telling the stories, they didn't seem like hers. She would not have acted the way she did as crazy as that sounds. The spell had made her a shadow of a person, someone who avoided any confrontation at all costs. Quiet, reserved, unremarkable, invisible. She shuddered.

On top of that, it felt like a lie telling the stories, that wasn't her, which defeated the whole purpose of telling stories. He asked because he wanted to know her, not what a shadow she had been under the influence of her mother's spell. The problem was of course, she had no stories yet. Not any that he hadn't already been there to see firsthand anyway.

She couldn't possibly share who she was because she had no idea yet, not really. She was confident now, not reserved at all. Based on this morning she was good under pressure, but other than that? She just didn't know. She could guess how she would react to certain things, but often people don't react the way they think they would, or should, and it would be nothing but guesses or lies.

She was quite frustrated about it, and as she glanced his way she realized, in more ways than one.

---

Nicci almost rolled her eyes as they set up camp, and for the first time, considered getting replacement armor. She knew she looked good in it, and it was nothing short of scandalous, but she wasn't so insecure anymore as she was five days ago in her room. At first, the looks from all the men had given her a shot of confidence and made her feel good about herself. Now it just seemed, shallow.

She didn't really mind it, but it didn't do anything for her anymore. Well, except for Justin. When she caught him looking though, it wasn't a shot of confidence she felt. Instead, her heart and breath sped up, and she had a yearning to feel his hands where his eyes rested on her body. There was also a slight bit of fear to it as well, she was still a virgin, and the way he made her feel was slightly confusing, and she was nervous while at the same time wanting, more...

Her emotions were very conflicted about it, he made her feel... too much. The one thing she wasn't worried about was the pain of losing her maidenhood, besides being confident he would be gentle the first time, he was also a healer. If he ever got around to asking her that is.

She almost jumped when she felt someone take her hand, she had been lost in her thoughts and didn't hear anyone approach.

As if he had read her mind Justin asked, "Would you lay with me Nicci? With the intention of us getting to know each other better and move toward a commitment?"

She stared back at him, completely lost in his warm hazel eyes as her heart pounded. She knew she was supposed to say something, but her mouth was dry and she felt breathless so she just nodded slowly...

Chapter 14

He saw both anticipation and a little nervousness in her face as he led her to the edge of the camp. He thought that this first would be different. When he had first slept with Kat and Nora he had felt the same anticipation and lust for certain. He also knew they got along, or had at least; hit it off from the start.

With Nicci now though, he had spent hours a day with her for close to a week while putting their physical relationship off. Which didn't seem like much time to him at first, but he quickly realized it wasn't like a typical date back on Earth. There were no distractions of a show or movie or other activity. All they had done was walk together and talk, completely absorbed in each other as they got to know one another. As a result his feelings had grown quite quickly in comparison to what would be considered normal on his old home.

In short, he already felt the stirrings of love in his heart for this young woman. He was determined to make her first time the best experience of her life. That would take control on his part, because almost perversely, the second result from waiting so long was a burning lust and desire to ravish her without restraint, which he knew would be a bad idea for her first time.

He was close to the edge of camp when Nora appeared in front of them and shook her finger, looking very serious and determined.

"Back to the tent, we don't know where the escaped soldiers from this morning are. It's not safe to take private walks right now."

His first irrational thought was anger, luckily his brain kicked in before he said anything stupid. Neither Nora nor Kat would want to keep this from happening, and more, would probably think it was about time. He flushed in embarrassment as he thought it through, he hadn't given any thought of the danger at all, he had been too focused on making this happen.

Nora said knowingly, "Don't worry, we got it squared away."

They followed Nora back to the large tent, he was gratified to see that Nicci didn't look very happy at being interrupted either, even if it was for good reason. When they got to the tent Nora led them inside and one eyebrow rose at what they saw as Nora pointed them toward one end of the tent.

Part of the tent had been partitioned by a thick blanket they had hung at one end. He looked at it dubiously, was that supposed to be their idea of a private place? He was touched that Nora, Cat and Sally had tried to come up with a solution so he could still lay with Nicci tonight, in safety, but privacy was more than just being out of sight. He looked at them doubtfully.

Sally looked at him with laughing eyes and twitching lips, but her voice was calm and even.

"Go on, I made my own little addition, it is private."

He saw Nicci's fair skin blush scarlet as he led her through the blanket, but they both froze as the blanket fell closed behind them. The sounds of the camp, the men talking, the sharpening of blades, the pops of the fires, all disappeared. All he could hear was the sound of his and her breathing. A smile slowly grew on his face, he would need to find a way to thank Sally and the others.
