 Aliesha had been determined to get this particular assignment since she had been recruited to the Balthazar, the most superior battlecruiser in the Imperial fleet. She had been determined to make her parents proud, despite the fact that she didn't follow her parents into politics like they wanted her to. 

Being awarded this opportunity to raise the next generation of Imperial soldiers was the highest honour a woman in the service could achieve, higher than that of commander. She had earned this right through combat, finally after years of dedication she would get her reward. She knocked on the door labelled Commander Brysnok and waited.

"Come in," the deep voice from the other side of the door commanded. 

Sweat beaded over her body at the command, Commander Brysnok was the most respected man in the service, he had sired six soldiers, two of which having their own commands. He would decide if she was worthy of this honour, Aliesha opened the door and stepped in.

"Sit down Captain, we have a lot to discuss," said Brysnok as she stepped into the room. The door swung shut behind her as she sat down on the seat in front of his desk. His Russian heritage of icy blue eyes and pale blond hair gave him a foreboding visage, one that was used to terrify new recruits, to find who was worthy of their ship.

"I've been reviewing your combat reports from Ibrion VII, your tactical decisions were pivotal on holding our position on the planet. As I have conferred with other commanders, they agree that you are suitable for the program. This is something that every woman that is approved for this program must consider. When you choose your partners, remember it is permanent. You cannot change your mind once you have made your decision."

It was a struggle to stay at attention, the commander approved her, she was going to be part of the program riotous emotion flooded her, her long held ambitions would be achieved at last.

"What the other commanders found impressive was your age, the average age of approved candidates is four years older than your age of 26, and the fact that you were born on the commerce planet Illyrium Prime." 

"Yes sir, my parents are part of Illyrium Prime's senators on the Imperial council, I didn't want to be a senator. I wanted to prove myself without their influence, this was the best way I could achieve that goal," fire burned in her eyes, hot determination reflecting in them.

Brysnok smirked, "You will be perfect for this program. The gathering will be conducted in Training Hall A in two rotations, you will have as much time as you like to select your partners, do not rush it, Dismissed Captain." 

"Yes sir." Aliesha got up from the chair and left the room, she could barely contain her emotions, she had been approved two years ahead of the time she had listed for her goal. Now she needed the perfect men to achieve the next phase. This would be the actual difficult part, nurturing her children to be the best they could be. There were rumours that the Commander was on the list to become the new Supreme Commander. It was another goal to aspire to, being a Commander, or mated to a Commander.

***

Now was the time to select her mates, her sleep rotation had given her time to pull together her officer shield, the briefing that every female soldier received on this topic was only the roughest, most ambitious men were chosen for this. She smirked she could handle any man, she was rougher than any she knew. She reached the training hall and pushed the doors open and stepped inside.

"Captain, come with me up to the stage unless you would like a closer inspection of the men," said a woman in medical uniform.

"The stage is fine Doctor," Aliesha deliberately used her most sexiest voice, it would make it easier for her to choose if some of the men were thrown off by her tactics. She followed the doctor up on to the temporary platform constructed at the front of the hall. The interior lights had been shut off and the room was lit with hanging amber lights illuminating each man individually. 

Carefully she inspected each man dressed in combat fatigues, the eyes told her a lot about each man. It was easier then she thought it would be to narrow down the list of men, she wondered how long they had been assembled here, waiting for her. The men were nervous, subtle muscle ticks, clenching muscles. Her eyes getting closer to the front of the room, the tension tightened in her body, she knew she was close to finding the right man. 

The front rows held the best men, the ones that didn't move a muscle, until she came across two standing next to each other as if they were opposites but tightly bonded, one with darker toned skin and pitch black hair, the other standing next to him, brown hair with blonde through it and golden skin. She could feel it in their statue like posture, the steel in their eyes. She wanted a closer look, she was all but sure of her choice, but only the men for her children would do.

She stepped down from the stage, and walked past the men in the front rows, tension burning from the men there. She knew many wouldn't be paired it was an unfortunate thing, there just wasn't enough women like her, she came to a stop in front of their row and slowly walked down, heat and anxious tension burned around her. She came to a stop in front of her dark one, now in front of him, he stood rigid. Not giving anything away except for the dark flush creeping up from under the collar of his black undershirt.

To herself she smirked, he was aroused, her presence invoked such a primal response thrilled her, even with the heat and the faint musky scent coming from him she couldn't find any hint of real anxiety. Her eyes continued to drink in his well-built form, he was one of the most impressive men she had seen. She silently moved to his right and observed her golden one, his hair intrigued her. Tawny brown with golden blonde strands emerging in seemingly random areas, she almost couldn't restrain the impulse to smirk as a red flush travelled up his neck, sweat beading on his forehead. Her eyes travelled down his body absorbing the sight of his tightly packed muscles.

She looked up to see a bead of sweat roll from his brow and drip off his face, even after this close scrutiny their breathing patterns hadn't changed and their bodies remained as rigid as they had been when she first spotted them. Slowly she made her way back to the stage, her body was churning with the urge to claim her men. It was over she had found her mates, her skin burned at the thought of what was to come. Soon back on the stage she looked out at the group of men, most of them needed more restraint or they would never be selected. But she had made her choice, she looked over to her men and pointed at both of them.

***

It was over; finally she had picked both of them. Marcus couldn't believe his luck; it couldn't have gone any better than it had. He looked over at his best friend and let a big grin split his face. Out of all the years of service they had together, this had been the most nerve wracking experience; the hardest time had been when she was standing only inches from him her eyes boring into him. The hot flush of unexpected arousal had almost thrown him off and given her an excuse to not pick him. But the worst was over, now he would get to experience what the one man in his unit described as if the holy flames of Balthazar raged through your blood.

Aliesha watched as her men approached, they moved with silent grace. More than what she expected from their powerfully defined bodies. 

"I am Doctor Grace and I will be monitoring your progress to ensure everything flows the way it should. These are mandatory precautions to prevent incidents that have occurred in the past. Follow me, your new living quarters have been assigned," the doctor pushed the doors open and stepped out.

It was finally happening she was going to be mated. Unlike most of the women who enlisted, she was determined to have this. She could already feel the heat from her two partners radiating from them, she was anxious for this to begin.

***

Burning tension flared throughout his body as he watched his mystery woman in front as they went to their new living quarters. Aaron wanted to speak, but he knew that wasn't a possibility, ever since leaving their home planet with Marcus years ago he hadn't felt this nervous. Walking through the familiar corridors of the ship felt somehow much different now. They were moving through the bigger corridors, men and women turned and stared at them as they passed. Knowing where they were going, it fired the tension burning in his blood hotter.

Soon they stopped in front of a door, "This will be your new home, your personal effects will be transported here after your... initiation." The doctor pulled a bottle out of her coat and opened the lid and emptied three dark orange pills from the bottle and then placed it back into her pocket. 

"Take one each when you're ready to begin, I will be monitoring to ensure the process goes smoothly." The doctor handed Aliesha the pills then continued up the hall.

Aliesha smirked holding the dark orange pills and pressed the door switch, sliding it open and stepping inside.

They followed her inside with the door sliding shut behind them, "Hello boys, I am Captain Aliesha Brewer of 1st Battalion, I was born on Illyrium Prime."

"I am Captain Marcus Marzaroli of 3rd Battalion, I was born on Balthor VI."

"I am Lieutenant Aaron Calzolari of 3rd Battalion, I was born on Balthor VI, we were recruited for the Balthazar as soon as we were old enough to enlist."

"You don't have to worry about us getting along Aliesha, we've known each other almost our whole lives," said Marcus, heat shimmering in his eyes. Now he was finally able to look his fill, her fiery shoulder length hair enhanced her exotic features he felt sure could be traced back to the ancient Earth rainforest the Amazon.

Aliesha could hardly clamp down on the trembling nerves racing through her, they both looked at her like hungry wolves lying in wait to pounce and devour her. She had the pills, this would be a one time event, the scientists felt the mating drugs were too powerful to administer more than once. 

"Are we ready to begin?" she asked.

A devilish smirk split Marcus's face, "Are you?"

A shudder passed through her as she handed the pills to the men. Unlike all the other women she knew, she had kept herself completely pure for her mates, knowing that this is what she wanted she had not pursued any illicit relationship that could possibly compromise her chance of reaching her goal. "One more thing, I'm a virgin." 

With the shocked look on their faces she swallowed the pill, within minutes she knew the fire would burn through her body. Quickly her men swallowed the pill, she advanced on Aaron and aggressively ripped open his shirt scattering the buttons across the floor. 

An aggressive growl ripped from him as she pushed his shirt from his shoulders and then tugged at his undershirt. He caught her hands and shoved them back and then pushed her against Marcus, "That's not how this is going to go our ferocious wildcat," said Aaron is voice coming out in a deep husky tone.

Aliesha shuddered as Marcus grasped her arms and kissed her neck, his teeth grazing her gently. "We will make you forget your own name, and that's a promise," Marcus growled in her ear. Her eyes bulged as Aaron tugged his undershirt over his head and tossed it to the floor then advanced on her. 

Aliesha had seen a lot of shirtless men while training, but Aaron was impressive, his golden skin was stretched tautly over his perfectly defined abs and rock solid pecs, she couldn't tear her eyes away from him. Heat flushed through her body, but she knew that this wasn't just her response to the display in front of her. Aaron's skin was starting to flush as well, she could feel the heat begin to steadily increase. Soon it would happen, and she couldn't wait for the ride.

"Let's get her on the bed," said Aaron as he gave her shirt a harsh yank ripping it from her. He slipped his shoes off and tugged off his socks as Marcus pulled off her shoes and socks. 

She wanted them revealed now as her mind became more fevered, she broke suddenly from Marcus's grip and tugged on the collar of his undershirt and then tore both of his shirts from his body in one solid yank. A savage snarl ripped from him as she took in his powerful body, the flush from the drugs spreading over his body, the dark flush deepening the bronze of his skin. She squealed in surprise when they quickly tore the rest of the clothes from her body. 

"You're so beautiful," said Marcus huskily as he leaned over and captured one of her nipples in his mouth, his tongue swirling around the nub.

"I have to agree Marcus," said Aaron, his hands stroking her hips, rolling up her stomach to squeeze her breast. The heat was taking over his mind, fire burning through his veins. But they were both more disciplined then that, they wouldn't take her until she was good and ready. Her hand suddenly reached out and grasped his shoulder, heat speared through his body a groan ripping from him.

"I want to see you, both of you," she purred, heat lashing through her body from Marcus' tongue on her nipple. She dragged her hand down Aaron's hard sparsely haired chest to his belt and tugged, shivers passed through her as the flames spreading through her body continued to increase in intensity.

Aaron groaned and almost gave into her plea, but he knew if he took his pants off he knew where he'd be. They had to warm her up more first, his cock had become so hard it had begun to hurt. Somehow she had managed to get his belt undone and his pants open, he growled when her fingers stroked against his cock. He needed to distract her or this would get out of hand quickly, he allowed his pants to fall to his ankles as he slipped onto the huge bed and kicked them off. 

"We're going to make good on our promise," Aaron growled then lowered his head.

Aliesha screamed as Aaron's tongue flicked her clit, she wasn't prepared for the drug to hyper stimulate her senses like this, each flick of his tongue sent a shower of sparks flooding through her body, she reached up and grasped Marcus' bicep as Aaron's tongue tortured her. "Oh gods! Aaron!" she screamed as his tongue speared inside her.

"I want your cock Marcus," Aliesha demanded dragging her nails down his back as he continued to tease her nipples with his hot tongue. The heat radiating from his chest surrounded her, it was all heat all around her. Fire burning through her body as Aaron's tongue slammed into her, his fingers toying with her clit. It was too much for her, she hooked her hands under Marcus' shoulders and pulled him up her body.

She looked into his eyes, deep blue eyes burning with a savage intensity. The drugs were in full effect now and she wanted to control at least part of the experience she would not allow them to bulldoze her, surging forward she captured his lips in a fierce kiss dragging him closer to her. A growl from him rippled through her body, her hands slid down the sides of his chest scraping his taut skin. 

The fire was consuming him, he couldn't think straight her mouth was hot on his as he could only react. Kissing her back equally as forceful, any ideas of what they were going to do burned from his mind, a growl slipped from him as her nails scraped down his sides, her fingers tugging on his belt. He didn't want to go there, not yet.

But the hungry fire in her green eyes pierced him, he couldn't resist her any longer he broke their kiss and trailed his lips down her neck as she unbuttoned his pants and tugged them down. He couldn't restrain the moan that slipped out as the pressure on his aching cock was released. Her lips slid down his neck to his shoulder, her teeth dragging across the muscle. She gripped his waist and dragged him up the bed.

Her fingers dug deeply into his hips as she screamed, he had totally forgotten what Aaron had been doing. "You taste so good Aliesha," groaned Aaron. It was the one time he had seen Aaron uncontrolled. The description of the feeling was certainly accurate, the flames of Balthazar were raging through his body. Aliesha looked up at him a feral hunger in her eyes before she yanked his boxers down and slipped her searing hot lips over his cock.

His breath caught in his throat as she wrapped her lips around him, then she screamed around him, he cursed as the vibrations tore through him, he looked down and saw Aaron entering her, sweat dripping from his body as he slid into her. Aliesha moaned around him, Marcus grasped her shoulders, his fingers digging in as she sucked.

Aaron couldn't help the groans coming out of his mouth as he thrust into Aliesha's searing heat, every time he moved she squeezed him, he wasn't going to be able to last long. The fire burning through his veins compelled him on as he gathered speed, thrusting faster, gripping her hips tightly as he slammed into her. 

The pleasure, the sensations were overwhelming her, Aaron's thick hard cock slamming into her flayed her nerves with each thrust. The rich smokiness of Marcus in her mouth as she coiled her tongue around his cock, absorbing his flavour as he thrust in her mouth, her nails driving into hips as she took him. His muscles were locked rigidly, as she screamed around him. If she could focus even a little bit she would be impressed by his control, but she was intent on breaking him, she wanted his essence in her mouth, she wanted to consume him.

Aliesha looked up at Aaron, her golden god his skin flushed, sweat dripping onto her skin as he slammed into her, with one squeeze she would have him, she clamped over him and rippled her muscles. His fingers tightened on her hips brutally as he roared and spilled into her, hot pulse after pulse triggering her own eruption screaming around Marcus' cock. 

Marcus snarled as more vibrations cascaded over him, he pulled out quickly once Aaron had collapsed to her side, then grasped Aliesha's hips and drove into her savagely and roared spilling himself deep inside her, then rolling to her side, panting heavily. 

She knew that it would happen tonight, she could feel the heat of her men's seed moving through her, she looked at her two gods their bodies coated in sweat, panting heavily the dark flush receding. She couldn't speak, it had been too intense. Too mind-blowing, and to think it wasn't over yet, it would start again. Now she knew why recovery time had been listed on her duty register.

Marcus could hardly catch his breath, he could see the blood on his thighs, on Aliesha's thighs. The dark bruises spreading on her body and on his. It was the obvious reason the drugs were only administered for the initial mating. He could feel the heat, even diminished now it was going to return.

"Are you ok Aliesha?" asked Aaron softly, still breathing heavily.

"Yes, are you guys ok?" she asked, the fire was beginning to rise again. Revitalizing her energy, she was going to be really sore when this was over.

Aaron pulled himself up the bed to lay next to her, "We'll be ok, I took you hard, much harder then I intended to."

"Don't worry Aaron, I'll be fine. I wanted it to be this way, I didn't want anyone else but the mates I knew I would have," said Aliesha as she turned to face Aaron. She brushed her hand against his cheek and leaned in and kissed him softly.

Aaron groaned as heat flushed through him again, her lips were soft against his, like a delicate flower. He pushed against her and took over the kiss, pushing his lips against her. He needed more of her.

The flames were growing again, she wanted to devour his body, to know his taste and compare it against Marcus' smoky flavour. Marcus' fingers brushed against her neck as she pushed back against Aaron devouring his lips hungrily, the heat of the two males ramping up again.
