 I had known Silas since we were just kids. I was the princess, and he was the alchemist's apprentice. As we grew up, we didn't really grow apart but we definitely had different life paths. I was betrothed, prim, proper, perfect. Silas was deviant, magical... He was an elf, capable of powerful magics. But unlike most of his kind, who were proficient in natural magic and druidism, Silas was a master of... flesh magic. 

And god, he was hot. 6'4", with perfect skin and elven beauty. His blond hair was long and pulled back in a ponytail. Sharp, bright blue eyes would meet mine as we passed in the hallway, and just the way his clothes seemed to hug him was enough to send my mind into a spiral of imagining what was under them...

Though it's not like I had any reason to be ashamed of myself. 5'8", human, with perky B-cup breasts and a thin frame. My own golden blonde curls hung over my shoulders and my green eyes were often called pretty. I liked how I looked, and I had recently learned that I liked having others like how I look. 

The hardest thing, though, about my life at the moment was that I was eighteen, in the process of getting married, and so, so horny it was unbelievable. I had to save myself for marriage. I knew that. But masturbation wasn't technically sex... right? 

It was nearly every night now, laying in bed, alone, I'd find myself massaging my breast and sliding a finger between my legs. The orgasm was always small and unsatisfying, but enough to let me go to bed. 

Which is why I was knocking on the door to Silas's chambers. He opened almost immediately and - fuck. He was shirtless, showing off his thin, trim waist and muscular chest. He crossed his arms as he saw me. 

"If it isn't little Sara Bell," he purred. 

I blushed, glancing down and away from him. "Shut up, Silas. I'm here on actual business. I need your help."

He raised an eye, but beckoned me inside. He did not move to put on a shirt. Bitch. 

I turned around to face him, swallowing nervously. "I have a... problem."

He tilted his head. "What is it?"

"I..." my mouth went dry. What was I mye to ask? For him to get rid of my libido? No no, I loved touching myself too much for that... "I can't... uhm..."

"Sara...?"

"I can't satisfy myself!" I said, then clamped a hand over my mouth. 

He smirked slightly, though he was evidently slightly confused. "Like... sexually?" he said. "Are you coming to me for a sex problem?" 

My face fluId bright red, and embarrassment coursed through my body - even more so when I realized he was casting his eyes over my frame, assessing my clothes and body, as if he could see the sex on me. Despite myself, warmth grew between my legs. Was he imagining me naked?

"Yes!" I blurted, when I couldn't stand his eyes any longer. "Look, okay, I... I'm betrothed to Tanner from the neighbouring kingdom, but preparations are taking so long! And... and... when I do it myself... it's weak, and boring..."

"Are you asking me to fuck you?"

"No!" I said, nearly shouting. "God no, no... just... If I could have one powerful orgasm, I think I'd be able to feel less..."

"Horny?"

"Would you quite talking like that?!" I snapped, blushing furiously, and instinctively crossing my chest with my arms. 

He smirked again and nodding, standing up. "Well, as a matter of fact I have been working on something quite... up your ally," he said, moving to a shelf and digging to find a small bottle with a bright blue liquid. "This is a stimulant. Basically, if you drink this, your body becomes a fucking machine. Like... even the wind will be able to bring you to orgasm, you'll be that horny."

I swallowed, looking at the potion hungrily. That sounded incredible... the orgasms I could have with that...

"You'll have a powerful orgasm, alright. But you've gotta be careful how much to drink of it. You have to have an orgasm for it to go away. And the more in your system, the more powerful that orgasm has to be. Basically, the easiest way to put it is 'drink more than the prescribed amount and your masturbation session won't end until you get a dick in you.' Only take a capful."

I blushed even brighter, reflexively glancing down to his crotch before up to his face. The way he looked at my meant he knew what I was thinking. I reached to take the bottle. 

"Thanks, Silas," I said, clutching it close to my chest. 

He shrugged. "That's what I'm mye for. Now you have fun," he added with a wink. 

Blushing, I turned and quickly raced away. 

***

I was already turned on by the time I made it to my chambers, locking the door behind me and looking down at the potion. I bit my lip, unscrewing the cap. I very carefully poured a capful of the blue liquid, then tossed it back like a shot. It tasted like strawberry. 

I swallowed and for a second time was nothing. I was just horny and wet and excited to masturbate. God, I really wanted to- oh. 

My clit had begun to throb. Just gently, a light heartbeat of desire between my legs. I moaned softly, squeezing my thighs together, and leaning back against the door. I slid a hand down, under my panties to rub over my clit, drawing out another, longer moan. my otmy hand came up, tugging the neckline of my dress down to expose my breast, my nipples erect and hard. I pinched them, rolling them between my fingers and moaning louder and louder. 

I pushed a finger between my pussy lips, feeling my hand come away soaking wet. I slid it around, pushing back into myself. Fuck, it felt good. It felt so good. My clit was swollen and I was basically leaking wetness. And my breasts seemed hypersensitive and to have swelled quite a bit as well. my nipple was puffy and excited. 

I slid down the door, tugging my panties all the way past my knees so I could spread my legs, pushing a second finger into myself, and using my thumb on my clit. Rapidly, an orgasm began to approach. I gasped, moaning as my chest began to heave, feeling it build-

Knock knock knock!

I yelped, pulling my hands back immediately and turning to my door. I tucked my breast back into the dress, and straightened the skirt out. Instead of pulling my soaking panties up, I was spurred on by the incredibly intense arousal coursing through my to push them all the way off and kick them out of view. 

I opened the door. 

A messenger boy was standing there. "It's dinner time, your highness," he said, dipping his head. 

I was still fluId and red, but smiled and dismissed him. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. my hand wanted to badly to find my clit again, but I couldn't. I had to go to dinner. 

Fuck my and my haste. How was I supposed to get through dinner like this? 

I quickly brushed my hair, waId my hands, and hurried out to the dining all. Each step I took squeezed my thighs together, providing pressure on my swollen clit. my breasts seemed larger than normal, and every brush against them made my jump. 

I took my seat, trying to act as proper as possible. I slid to the end to the seat, rolling my hips to create friction against the edge of it. Not nearly enough. 

Dinner began. I could barely hear a thing. My pussy was dripping wet, for sure dampening the back of my skirt so I adjusted to pull it out from under me, setting my bare bum down on the wooden chair. I was so horny. Silas was eating way on the other end of the table. Did he know that I'd already taken it? He wasn't looking my way...

My father and family chatted and ate happily, but I was in hell. My sister beside me stretched to pass someone one of the plates, and her hand brushed my nipple, and I almost came right then and there. I moaned softly, biting my lip hard to contain it. 

I couldn't last like this. My pussy felt like it was on fire. I carefully slid a hand under the table, pulling my skirt up and letting my fingers touch the heat between my legs. I moaned, audibly, causing a few people to ask me what was wrong. I told them I just though the food was incredible. 

I couldn't masturbate at the table, though. I couldn't cum in front of my family. 

I had to resist it. 

But my legs were soaked. The chair was soaked. My fingers slipped around easily, brushing my clit again and again. The arousal just kept building. I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life. I tried to keep eating, drawing my hand back, but I couldn't. 

My hand returned to its place, pushing into to me more fully down, the ache and need becoming almost desperation inside of me. I wanted to be fucked. I needed someone's hard cock in my right now. 

My eyes lifted to Silas, who wasn't paying attention to me. I imagined what his cock might look like. I imaged he was absolutely hung, being a flesh magician. With a big, bulbous head. I imagined that fictitious cock head, sliding between my soaked pussy lips, stretching me deliciously. I kept my eyes down and half closed, imagining riding him, his cock hard and slamming into my g-spot. His hands up, groping my breasts and playing with my nipples. 

I began to rock my hips slightly into my hand, an orgasm building. Oh god. I had to stop. I had to stop. I couldn't do this here. 

I glanced up at Silas, hoping he was looking and could help me. My orgasm was coming. I couldn't pull my hand away. I tried and tried and tried and tried but I kept seeing him, imagining his bulging, throbbing dick... imagining that I was turning him on so much, as much as I was turned on... that he was begging for me as much as I for him. 

And he looked up. He must know what I was going through - sex was literally his specialty, afterall. He licked his lips, raising an eye. 

I hand three fingers inside of me by now my orgasm was right right there-

"Sara!"

I snapped my attention over to my father's face, pulling my hands back once again. Oh, thank god. Thank god someone snapped me out of it. I would not have cum quietly, and I don't think I could have managed the humiliation of moaning and orgasming over dinner. 

"Y-yes father?" I stammered. 

"Are you feeling alright?"

"Mhm... Yes..." I said, the heat from my legs unbearable. Let me cum... let me cum... "Actually... no..." I said, quickly. "Do you mind if I retire for tonight?"

"As you wish," he said, nodding. 

I immediately stood up, and glanced down at the chair. It looked like I had spilled water on it. I tucked it in quickly so nobody would see, and turned to flee to my bedroom. 

I slammed the door, locked it, and immediately stripped off my dress. I was fully naked, and my hands fell between my legs and to my breast. I tugged on my nipple, and rolled my clit between my fingers. God, too long, too long I'd had to wait. 

I fell onto my bed, rolling onto my back and thrusting my hips in the air. I let my fantasies take over. I imagined displaying myself like this for Silas, as he climbed on, massive hard cock in his hands. I imagined him pound into me, licking and biting my nipples, hands on my hip. My fingers plunged deeper into my pussy, my thumb furiously working my clit. My other hand groped my breast roughly. 

His dick, veiny and thick and all his flesh magician skill, moaning. Fuck, I could practically feel him pounding into me, the heat in the room was unbearable. I thrust my hips up with the motion of my hand, moaning loudly and without regard to who might hear. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck. The orgasm built rapidly, like fire between my legs. I was moaning Silas's name. 

The orgasm hit me like a brick, washing over me and forcing me to arch my back, a long, loud, scream-like moan drawn out from my as my fingers were soaked from my fluids. I tried to fuck myself through it, but immediately my body collapsed onto the bed, exhausted and unbelievably tired. The unbearable arousal faded, and for the first time in years, I felt truly... truly satisfied. 

I looked over to my desk, and the remainder of the potion.