 The castle was silent this early in the morning, and I crept through the halls in nothing but my nightgown, heading towards Silas's room. I had used up all of the potion he had given me, and quick - turns out, having the stronger orgasms had only made my need even more insatiable. And now I was even more horny, all the time. 

But the potion was gone. And the pitiful orgasms I was bringing myself to naturally were useless to me. Even now, sneaking through the castle, I could see my perky nipples outlined by the sheer fabric of my nightgown, and between my legs there was a slickness. I'd already tried masturbating once, and it hadn't worked. It only make me more desperate. 

I figured Silas would had more of that potion. Then I could dose myself, masturbate into oblivion, and get some rest. 

I knocked on his room door and waited. Silence. Was he sleeping? I knocked louder. Still silence. Fuck. 

I tried the handle, and found the door swung open. 

"Silas?" I called, peeking my head through the door. "Siiiiilas..."

There was no response. What was he doing out this late? Perhaps some sort of emergency. Silas's flesh magic was primarily based around sex and arousal, but it did double well into physical ailments and medicines, so he did make quite an living as a physician. 

I smiled to myself, imagining having Silas as my doctor. Laying me down, running his hands over me, pushing at my breasts to feel for maladies, then down, spreading my legs and prodding around. All technical - he'd be professional and smart but I'd be putty in his grip, wanting - needing - an orgasm...

Fuck, speaking of needing an orgasms. 

I squeezed my legs together and decided to just find the potion myself. I pushed my way into the room, looking around. 

His room was small, with a large, floor-to-ceiling cupboard on one end, a bed, a desk, and walls lined with shelves and potions and half finished works. I could see plants and herbs and spellbooks everywhere, and wondered, if Silas really set his mind to it, how much pleasure he could really give a woman. 

I reached my hand up, almost habitually, to pinch my nipple. Fuck it felt good. Okay... Okay... focus... 

I spotted a vial of blue liquid, and rushed forward to grab it. Though the moment it was in my hands, I heard laughter. Not in the room, but there was definitely someone heading down the hallway. Fuck Fuck Fuck-

I panicked, spun around and decided to take the risk and leapt into the cupboard, swinging the doors shut just seconds before the main door opened. 

Through a small crack in the doors to the cupboard, I could see the proceedings. My heart leapt into my throat. 

Silas, gorgeous, sexy, perfect Silas, had one of the maids, Rebecca, wrapped up in his arms, and they were hardcore making out. Tongues shoved down each other's throats, hands roaming and grabbing and pulling. 

Jealousy reared its ugly head immediately. How dare she, touch him like that? This lust filled, horrible affair must be just that. Silas must be under a spell! He must be! He wouldn't be sticking his hand up her shirt like that otherwise...Oh...

Her shirt was off like that, followed by her bra, and then he had picked her up and swung her onto the bed, crawling of her. I pushed the door open a tad further to keep looking. Telling myself it was only to protect Silas if I had to. 

She reached a hand down his pants, and I heard him moan. Perfect, well composed Silas, moaning like a horny teenager as she pulled his cock out. I bit my lip, getting my eyes on it for the first time. Fuck, it was perfect. It fit into her hand nicely, and it was long, but not intimidating - I'd guess six, or just over six inches. I had to stifle a moan so I wouldn't be caught, but I could feel my pussy dripping just from the sight of it. 

Silas leaned forward and attached his lips to the maid's nipple, licking and sucking on it. Rebecca tilted her head back, as if in heaven, and I had to agree. I lifted my hand to my own breast, imagining that it was I who was being ravished by him tonight, and not her. How divine it would feel, to have his tongue trailing over my body. 

And as he did now, to Rebecca, I imagined how it would feel for that tongue to trail down, lift my skirt and find it's way between my legs. 

It was almost impossible to ignore the throbbing that had grown, and I tentatively slid my hand down my thigh, picking up the hem of my skirt and pressing a finger over my clit, rubbing softly. I gasped, then immediately bit my tongue. I must not be heard. 

But they weren't paying attention. Silas's tongue must have been magic - and perhaps it was, as a flesh magician - because Rebecca was writhing and moaning and her hand was grabbing at her own breast, her head tilting back to the ceiling. I envied her with every piece of my body. 

I pushed my finger deeper between my legs, but found that it only made my knees weak, and cramped against the cupboard as I was, there was no way for me to support myself without revealing myself. 

I drew my fingers back regretfully, wishing more than anything that I could settle down and fuck myself properly. 

Silas worked at Rebecca for a long time, and their moans filled my ears, making me hornier and hornier than ever - until, Rebecca had had enough and pushed him away. 

In a flash, she had flipped the position, so that she was straddling him. I gasped, licking my lips hungrily... I'd give anything to sit, dominant, over Silas like that. And he looked back at her lustily. His dick was hard, just visible in the natural light from the window. Rebecca wrapped a hand around it, stroking slowly and softly. 

Silas dissolved into a mess, his hips squirming and fingers digging into the sheets. My heart went wild, watching him. A part of me hated Rebecca so much. It should be me making him gasp and whine like that. The other part of me was eternally thankful for her, giving me the ability to hear him and see him and have this memory - I'd be masturbating to this for a long time. 

And then, she's lifted her hips up, and sat down on him. Silas and I gasped at the same time, my pussy clenching and dripping fluids down my thighs. Rebecca moaned the loudest, tilting her head back and grabbing her breast again as she slowly began to rock her hips. 

I could almost feel what she would be feeling, the pressure, the fullness... even if I was technically a virgin... I could imagine how great it would feel. 

And Rebecca clearly felt great. Then she was bouncing on him, her breasts jiggling - my god, she was well endowed - a DD at least, with big puffy nipples, and a small but soft looking waist, as well as a nice, round butt, which Silas's hands came around to grab. 

He moaned, bucking his hips to meet her bounces, and Rebecca gasped, her breath hitched, her moans becoming soft cries of pleasure. 

And they fucked and fucked and fucked. 

My pussy was on fire. My legs were trembling. I slid a hand down to my dress again, but the moment I put pressure on my clit my legs threatened to give out, so I didn't dare. My nipples were hard as stones, and the sheer fabric of my dress shifted and aroused them further. I lifted a hand, moaning softly as I pinched and rolled my nipples. Though I could do this without falling down, it only made the throbbing ache between my legs all the more worse. I could feel wetness dripping down my legs, almost to my knees. Fuck... I needed... Oh god, this was torture-

Then Rebecca was cumming. Loud and almost screaming, she threw her head back and came and came and came, and I could hear Silas, quieter, doing the same. They two came together, then slumped down to grope and kiss and enjoy the afterglow. 

My heart stopped. It felt like I was going to orgasm too, my clit throbbing wildly and my heart hammering and every part of me on fire - but I didn't. I stayed suspended like that, begging my body to for just one more push over the edge, but it never came. 

Rebecca pushed herself off Silas and stood up, and Silas stretched before doing the same. They kissed, and he mumbled something about getting water to clean up, and he left. 

She paced the room a bit, stretching and showing off her perfect hourglass body. I prayed she would leave so I could run to my room. I needed to orgasm. 

A minute passed, and then she called: "You can come out now."

I froze. 

"I'm not kidding around. Get out here, you slut."

I jumped and stumbled out of the cabinet. Even though she was the one standing, naked, covered in sweat and the insides of her legs dripping cum, I did feel like the slut. I'd watched them so openly, my nipples were visible through my dress and my legs were soaked. I bit my lip and looked at her. 

"Yeah, I noticed you," she said snarkily. "Lucky I didn't tell Silas. Prissy little princesses like you think they can just do whatever they want, invade anyone's privacy, right?" 

"N-no, I was just looking for-"

"Look at you," she said, stepping closer to me. "Horny as shit. But you know the deal. Princesses must stay virgins until marriage. Otherwise, you might be rejected. And then where will our kingdom be, without your marriage to the next? We need that deal."

"W-what are you saying?" I stammered. 

"I'm saying, how can I trust you to fulfil your royal duty? Look at you, you're a mess, you're practically ready to orgasm on the spot. How do I know you won't break and find a cock to ride?"

"I would never!" I gasped, flushing bright red. How dare she talk to me like that! But... she wasn't exactly wrong... if I bumped into anyone on the way to my chambers I might jump them on the spot...

"I have an idea," she said, turning around and heading over to Silas's work desk. She dug around, and then pulled out a pair of panties. "Here. These will help you."

"Wh..." I was confused. "How...?"

"Silas enchanted them. They're for people who just need to stay chaste. For a short while."

"L-like a... a... a chastity belt...?"

"Yes," she said. "But discreet. And enchanted. And they'll help you," she said, tossing them at me. I caught them, staring at them with wide eyes. My pussy throbbed between my legs, demanding attention. The panties looked normal. 

"Put them on." she demanded. I jumped, shaking my head. "Put them on, or I'll keep you here until Silas gets back. Then we can laugh at your pointy little nipples together. 

I jumped, tears springing to my eyes, and pulled them up, under my dress. They were soft, and comfortable. 

"Okay...?" I said. 

"Masturbate, slut," she said, smirking. 

I shook my head again.

"You know the rules," she sang, stepping towards me. I felt the tears spilling over, and slid a hand down under my dress. I rubbing my finger over the seat of the panties, but felt nothing. I may have been rubbing a brick wall, for all the pleasure it gave me. Confused, I pushed at the sides of the panties, and found I couldn't get my fingers under them. Panic flashed through me. My pussy was still throbbing and dripping, and the chastity panties were soaked through without seconds of putting them on, but I couldn't get any pleasure to myself. Just arousal, leftover from the show. My desperation to cum burned deep in the pit of my stomach, and I started to claw at the panties. 

I couldn't pull them down. 

"How do I take them off?" I gasped, growing frantic and pulling up my dress, not worried about her seeing the mess of slick wetness on my thighs or my underwear. 

She stepped forward, reaching a hand out. One of her fingers joined mine, rubbing right over my clit, through the panties. 

That, I felt. Electricity shot through me, my pussy immediately gushing out wetness and throbbing as she rubbed, shooting me forward towards climax. I moaned, throwing all my pride to the wind as I rolled my hips against her finger for more pleasure. 

Right before I orgasmed, she pulled her finger again, and I gasped, whimpering in despair. 

"Only someone else can pleasure you, and only someone else can take them off," she said. "That's what you get for being a horny little princess and peeping on other people's private affairs. You have to learn to be a good girl. A good princess."

I gasped. "No, no, no, please. I can't stand this. I need to cum. I need to, please-"

"Do you want to be here when Silas comes back?" she said, arching an eye. "Do you want to look him in the eye and beg for an orgasm?"

The very thought sent fear striking through my heart. Silas, seeing me so desperate and needy and controlled...

"Didn't think so," she said. "So get out of here. And if you don't tell anyone, I might remove them before your wedding!" 

My wedding? That was months away!

Tears blurring in my eyes, I turned and sprinted out of the room, running to my chambers. My whole body ached with need and desperation. I wouldn't be sleeping tonight at all.