 The witch Danae sobbed in fear and exhaustion as the portal began to form behind her. Her pursuer was relentless and determined, and worse yet, immensely powerful. He stepped through the portal, glorious in his strength and potency, his naked, muscular frame bathed in glowing blue light and his manhood rampant and rigid before him, like some great curved scimitar.

She summoned strength from her fast-fading vestiges of power and opened a series of portals. The first sent her to a dark world of weird green and blue lights, the harsh, acidic air burning her very skin. Without pausing to take a breath- which would have been a bad decision at any rate- she stepped through her second portal, finding herself on the surface of an angry ocean, however briefly: the water was shockingly cold. 

She somehow managed to make it back to the surface and half-swim/half-dive through the next portal and landed in hot, deep sand. She stumbled to her feet and lurched through her final portal, and collapsed on a green sward, utterly spent. 

For several long minutes all she could do was try to contain the fire in her lungs. When she could finally raise herself to her elbows, she looked around her. She was lying in a field of deep grass, surrounded by a narrow fringe of woods. Beyond that rose huge buildings of stone and glass, dozens of stories high and more. A high-tech world, she realized with dawning horror.

She reached out for lines of power, and felt next to nothing. She had never been on a world that had less magical focus. And she had never had her own reserves of power so desperately low- as empty as this world.

If her pursuer caught her now, she would be worse than helpless before him. She knew she had thrown him off for the moment, but it was only a matter of time before he tracked her down. 

She had to regenerate her power- and there was only one way- the oldest, most ancient way. And luckily for her, it was her favorite method, too.

There were people at the far edge of the park- a group of men playing some sort of game involving throwing head-sized, pointed balls at each other, and she immediately started off in that direction. 

She wore a thin green linen tunic, belted by a simple golden rope, with matching sandals. Her hair was dark and wavy at present, and her body was long, lithe and athletic. Her vivid green eyes were slightly slanted above high, sharp cheekbones, and her lips were full and luscious. 

The men paused as she neared, and she smiled warmly at them. Her normal gait was graceful and sensuous, and she deliberately accentuated that further with the sway of her hips. One of the men called something out, the language wholly unfamiliar to her, but the lusty content of the call was obvious to her, and she smiled further.

There were four men present, all young and virile. This could work out nicely, she thought. She walked directly up to the one that first smiled back at her, the tallest of the lot, with curly brown hair and bright blue eyes. His eyes widened in surprise as without pausing she threw her arms around him and kissed him passionately, but he began to respond almost immediately, his arms moving to circle her narrow waist. She intercepted his right hand and redirected it to her left tit, which he quickly began stoking. Her hand dipped down to caress his crotch, and she was pleased to feel his response as he rapidly stiffened in her fingers. 

She stole a glance at his companions- she would need them as well. They were staring in rapt amazement, and she smiled lasciviously at them as she knelt down. She pulled the curly-headed man's short, thin pants-like garment down around his knees and immediately engulfed his still rising cock in her mouth. He moaned aloud in passion and both hands gripped her head as his own arched back.

Without disengaging herself from the now fully hard rod in her mouth, Danae straightened her legs and thrust her ass out as the other men moved closer for a better look. She was almost instantly rewarded with a hand stroking the firm globes of her buttocks, and she felt the thin material of her tunic lifted away. Within seconds the head of a nice, firm rod was thrust between her nether lips, and her body began swaying in rhythm with the plowing thrusts.

She normally liked to take her good sweet time with a nice, hard cock, but time was of the essence, and so she quickly and expertly brought the cock in her mouth to frothing ejaculation. Long, hot streams of sticky semen jetted deep into her throat as the man behind her began to speed up his pace. 

With the first gush of orgasm, her powers were recharging. Without real thought or effort, she cast the spell that let her understand the excited jabber of the men around her. 

"Damn, she is tight!" the man now pumping frantically into her from behind was grunting. "And so...fucking...wet!"

"Stick it to her, Bill!" Shouted another, a short man with a thick mustache. But he gulped in apparent surprise as he caught her eye and waived him to her front end. He nervously responded to her summons, nearly staggering to her, like a frightened rabbit in the presence of a snake. She clawed at the sting-tie that held his strange pants up. 

His cock was short and fat, but extremely hard, and she cupped his balls as she gently slurped him into her mouth. Behind her, Bill had lost all his coordination as he began frantically thrusting inside her. When he came, he nearly fell across her back. 

She glanced at the fourth man, but he was already stroking himself inside his shorts, his attention on the bared man-flesh present instead of at her. She shrugged with regret, but pulled off the cock in her mouth and guided the man onto the ground, quickly and gracefully straddling him.

As she writhed atop the mustached man, she saw her first lover hovering nearby eagerly. "Hey, stud," She said to him in a husky, seductive voice. "Are you up to a second time around?"

The curly haired man nodded vigorously and nearly ran to her, thrusting his semi-flaccid cock forward, making it wobble erratically. She laughed in delight at the sight and caught the head deftly between her thick , luscious lips. She ground down on the cock in her pussy as she brought the one in her mouth to full hardness again. When the man beneath her began jerking spasmodically and pumping her honey-box full of jism, she milked him dry with her love-muscles, then deftly guided the curly-headed man to the ground beside him. She swapped mounts in a single, smooth motion and twisted to face Bill.

"I haven't tasted that one yet." She said, nodding at his still stiff prong. 

Bill grinned and stepped forward. "I thought you were never going to ask." 

Danae reached down with her left hand and began gently kneading the cock of the mustached man, who had fallen back in the grass in sated bliss, already preparing for her next sorely needed round. She ground and clenched and milked with her cunt-muscles and the man beneath her gasped and came again. She moaned gustily around the cock in her mouth as she finally reached her own first orgasm. 

Pulling off the meat in her mouth, she threw her head back and laughed as she felt her power building. She had a long, long way to go to reach anywhere near her full power, but she was no longer helpless. She touched the cock in front of her face and let a bit of power flow through her fingers, and Bill shouted out loud in ecstasy as he spurted his come forth unexpectedly, long, white ropes coating Danae's face and neck.

A relatively short time later she was walking out of the park, leaving three happily grinning men languishing in spent exhaustion in the grass. She used a small portion of her power to clean up as she left the park, and decided to change her hair to red and go a bit more voloptouous- adding a few inches to her bust an hips as she sashayed down the street.

Amplified music from an open doorway with a brightly glowing sign above it drew her to enter, and she entered what was obviously a restaurant and bar. The music was blaring loudly from a brightly glowing machine, the beat throbbing and the singer yelling about what "I like about you".

There were about a dozen people present, but a big, ruggedly handsome man immediately caught her eye. "Can I buy you a drink?" He asked with a smile.

"You can do anything you'd like for me." She said, smiling back.

His eyebrows raised with interest. "Really, now? My name's Rick- this is my place. Beer or wine?"

She shrugged. "I'll have whatever you're having, Rick. And I'm Danae."

"That's different. I like it." He said, his eyes roving down the considerable cleavage displayed as she leaned forward to take a stool.

"You do? How much do you like it, Rick?"

Rick's tongue flicked out to lip his lips. "Um, you want to go upstairs? I have private rooms up there."

She let her eyes travel slowly up and down his body. "Sure."

He grabbed her ass as they went through the back door that led to the stairs, and she turned and embraced him. They kissed passionately as their hands roamed each others' body, then he reached out and ripped her tunic off, tossing it to the floor as he buried his head between her breasts.

He twisted her around and pushed her up the stairs with a growl, and a rough hand slapped her full ass as she reached the top of the stairs. He pinned her against the wall and groped roughly at her tits with one hand as he pulled her head back with a handful of hair. 

"You're a hot little fucking slut, aint you?" He growled and kissed her roughly. She responded with passion to match his, and his shirt was ripped open in turn. Her head dipped forward and she took his nipple roughly between her teeth. He yelped in surprise, then shoved her back against the wall hard.

"Oh, no. Daddy's calling the shots here, little girl." He half knelt to treat her tit with the same rough attention she had shown him. His hand thrust down between her legs and fondled her roughly. 

"God damn- you're dripping wet! You like it rough, huh, honey?"

She grinned back at him with naked hunger. "I like it anyway I can get it, 'Daddy'. Are you going to give it to me good?"

He growled again in response, and grabbing her by the arm he shoved her to the ground of the hallway. "You're fucking-A right, bitch. You're going to get it real good.'

He raised her hips up off the floor and propped her hips at an angle he liked, then yanked his pants down. He had a massively thick tool, long and brutally thick, and he teased her ass cheeks with it, obviously trying to instill fear. "Feel that baby? This monster cock is going to tear you up tonight. 

"Then give it to me, 'Daddy'." She breathed huskily.

If she was trying to provoke him, it worked. With a single thrust he shoved himself inside her cunt to the hilt. He groaned in ecstasy and she echoed him loudly and with as much animal intensity. 

He reached around her and mauled her tits savagely with one hand, and dug his fingers into the soft flesh of his ass with the other as he plumbed her depths with long, violent strokes. He came in a couple of dozen fierce thrusts and she simultaneously moaned and laughed in pleasure. With a snarl he yanked her up savagely by the hair and brought her spinning around onto her knees facing him.

"Now lick me clean, bitch!" He commanded, and she eagerly obeyed, somehow taking the whole monstrous length easily into her throat. Her magical talents never let him soften in the least, and in a surprisingly short time he felt his knees go weak as he came again. But she didn't relent, milking him further and further until he heard himself whimper.

The sound of his own weakness enraged him, and he physically threw her back down the hall. "You're good, baby-girl. You're goddammed good. Now I want some of that nice little ass of yours."

If he expected her to cower, he was disappointed- in a flash she spun herself onto her hands and knees, thrusting her derriere up at him and shaking it enticingly. 

He growled again. "Allright, bitch. Here it comes, then." Without preparation or lubrication, he tore at her with his mammoth tool, forcing himself into the tight sphincter with sheer brute force. When he was in to the hilt, he threw his head back and howled, and he smacked her ass hard with a resounding slap. 

Then he realized with shock that she was actually thrusting back onto him, and when he smacked her again she moaned in pleasure. He'd just come twice in quick succession, and he should be able to pump her hot little ass for a good hour before coming again, but when she reached back between her legs and lightly touched his nut-sack, he felt the tingle of another orgasm building relentlessly.

He remembered shouting out loud as he spend himself deep inside her bowels, then he didn't remember anything else until he woke next morning, laying naked in the hallway at the top of the stairs. 

Danae decided to go dirty, curly blonde for the next little bit, inspired by a poster on a billboard that she passed as she progressed down the street. To match the poster, she made herself waspishly thin except for her tits, which she made almost ridiculously huge and round. She changed her eyes to blue and altered the planes of her face to sharp angles.

Within a block, a black and white vehicle with odd markings pulled alongside the curb and a man in a uniform quickly stepped out. "Ma'am? Ms. Anderson? I- uh- I don't know if it's safe for you to be walking around alone in this part of town after dark. Especially dressed like that. Are your bodyguards close by? Or are you- are you filming something right now?" The man looked around, suddenly nervous. "I didn't mean to mess up your shoot or anything...."

Danae laughed lightly. "No, no. You're not messing anything up. And I seem to have lost my bodyguards. Maybe you can take me somewhere....safe?"

The cops eyes rounded in surprise. "Ma'am?" He looked closely into her eyes and confirmed what he thought he saw there. "Um, I uh..... I mean, sure." He opened the door of the vehicle, and she daintily entered the vehicle, brushing his arm with her tits as she did.

He scurried over to the other side of the vehicle and got behind the controls, taking off quickly. "Look- is there somewhere I can take you?"

She smiled and dropped a hand over into his lap. "Oh, anywhere we can be alone would suit me just fine."

A few minutes later they were parked in a vacant lot and her head was bobbing up and down over his cock. He threw his head back and moaned. "Oh, god, Pamela. This is fantastic. You give the world's best fucking head."

She pulled off him, her right hand pumping his glistening shaft furiously as she kissed him passionately. "You're a good kisser, Danny. With a nice cock, too."

"Man, the guys are never going to believe this. Uh- not that I'd tell them, or anything." 

She grinned naughtily. "Why not? I'm going to tell my friends all about you!" 

Her mouth returned to its duties, and he returned to moaning for awhile. She worked him delicately and passionately for a long while, bringing him to the very edge time and time again before backing him off with the touch of a finger-tip. 

Finally, she let him come, plunging her head all the way down till her nose was buried in his pubic hair, milking him with her throat until he spurted what seemed like a couple of quarts of come down her gullet.

He let out a last long, groan as she licked her way all the way back to the tip of his cock, her tongue rimming the crown of his head softly. "You going to return the favor for me now, Danny? " She asked. "I need to feel your tongue all over my hot, sweet pussy."

"I'm afraid Danny's all done for the night." The voice said from behind her, deep and powerful. She felt Danny go unnaturally stiff all through his body.

She felt a chill go through her. Her pursuer had caught her: she'd gotten sloppy and carried away with her pleasure.

She exited the vehicle and faced him bravely. "I almost made it." She said with a sigh.

He nodded, then gestured. She felt herself rise in the air, no longer in control of her own body, and her legs spread without her control. He grinned evilly as he levitated her slowly and relentlessly onto his titanic member. 

She closed her eyes and shivered as he took her. With casual waves of his hand, he moved her back and forth, fucking her forcefully without moving a muscle except that flick of his wrist. Inevitably, she felt the pleasure building up inside her. She felt her knees draw up to her chin, and when he twisted his hand slightly she spun entirely around in the air, still impaled on his cock. She was spinning faster and faster, and sliding up and down the length of him, and she began a low, animal humming noise that ended with a shriek of pleasure as she came violently. He released her slightly, and she scissored her legs with pleasure as he too came, pumping her full with his semi-divine come. 

She leaned up and wrapped her arms around his neck in exhaustion. "OK, ok- you win the bet. But if I didn't screw up you would have never caught me in time to win. So what now?"

He laughed deeply as he moved them through the dimensions to his palace in the plane of Chaos. "Don't play stupid. The winner got to choose who was what for the next week."

She sighed, already starting to change herself. "And let me guess: to start things off you want me to be a big blue-skinned Hrassan Barbarian with a twelve inch cock, right?"

He grinned as he morphed into the form of a young virgin priestess with long blonde braids. "Ah, you do know me so well, Cousin."