 "Rashala!" Gen suddenly had a look of deep concentration on her face, "you're her daughter? I thought I had heard that you were in the last battle of the war. Yes father, I can see the resemblance." Gen rushed forward to embrace her niece, Rashala still in shock could only stand there while Gen gushed over her.

"Gen? your name is Gen? Mother told me her sister was still locked up and hadn't been released nor given a name," Rashala could only stare at her aunt.

"Yes, I was in there for so long till Master Jake released me," Gen replied.

Jake was getting a little uncomfortable and pissed off at the same time. The three new arrivals were looking at him like he was a god or life saver, all be it that he was but still they didn't have to remind him of it.

Jake left the room heading for the kitchen damn he was hungry looking at the empty table he sighed. Opening the frig he was about to grab some left overs when he heard his kitchen table start to groan. Startled he turned around and saw Rosalinda smiling at him the table filled to overflowing of everything that Jake loved to eat.

Rolling his eyes he shut the frig and sat to grab a few bites, Rosalinda came up behind him and started to rub his tense shoulders, her barely covered breasts rubbing up and down his back each time she moved. Holy shit! This was turning him on again! If she kept that up he'd have to throw her on the table and fuck the shit out of her!

Rosalinda wasn't sure she was having any effect on Jake, she sure hoped so, she wanted him so bad. Strange but it seemed that now that she was in love with him, her body betrayed her more and more and it seemed she couldn't get enough of her new master. Her barely clad pussy was only ten inches to a foot from his face, Damn! her scent was maddening just like Gen's! 

"Is everything to your liking master," Rosalinda said, her pussy starting to drip from want of Jake.

"Uh...," Jake started, turning his head and her covered pussy mere inches from his lips. Grabbing her he drove his face into her mound, licking and sucking causing Rosalinda to gasp from the near contact and pressure from her master's lips. Laying her on the table Jake tore at her clothes, they both were naked in moments, with no warning Jake drove his hard cock balls deep into her forgetting any other foreplay.

Screaming in sheer pleasure, Rosalinda's pussy began to clamp down on Jake's cock. The extra tightness was driving Jake to cum sooner than he wanted too, damn it, she's hotter than I remember. Rosalinda had never been this horny in her life it had to be Master Jake there was no other explanation, damn but he turned her on!

"Master Jake! Please don't stop master! You feel beautiful ugh! Yes master, harder!" Rosalinda started to yell, 

Jake looked at her and noticed that she was glowing as far as he could tell so was he! Their bodies were starting to make wet slapping sounds neither realized that they had an audience, nor at the moment would they have really cared. Jake could feel his balls churning, his scrotum tightening up, his release wasn't far away. Rosalinda couldn't believe how good master felt, damn with each second that passed she felt it building.

The mist was on the other side of the house drifting slowly toward the kitchen, Rosalinda thought she was about to die she'd never felt as intense feelings as she did right now. Jake felt the cum starting to boil in his balls this was going to be another huge orgasm. Rosalinda could feel Jake's cock growing harder this in turn started her first of 3 multi-orgasms. 

Jake heard Rosalinda's breathing increase and felt her start to cum just as he started to blast huge amounts of his cum deep in her. Trying to hold still, to put it as deep as he could, Rosalinda's body began to buck as her powerful muti-orgasm hit her. Both were riding high deep within the throes of their orgasms and didn't notice the mist drift into the room just as the both came. They were both coming down when there was a soft whimper in the corner, startling both they tried to move but both felt drained.

The young teenage male was looking around bewildered, "da enda unda?" He whispered, shocked Rosalinda looked over.

"Endaha dech rekin tarmena," she whispered shocked to hear the ancient tongue unfiltered. Rasmir, Gen, and Rashala came running into the kitchen Rasmir turned his head quickly while Gen blinked clothes on Jake and Rosalinda. 

"Oh my, another one? With only you and Rosalinda?" Rasmir asked. 

"Yes, apparently when I and one or both of my jinns orgasm at the same time it releases something that is bringing them back," Jake stated matter of factly. Rasmir just nodded looking at the young man for a minute."Rasmir?" Jake asked, "why couldn't I understand him?"

Here Rosalinda spoke up, "Master Jake it's an old ancient language they had almost stopped using it when I was little. Since Gen is much younger, she's probably never heard or been exposed to it." Gen nodded her head in assent.

"Here master," Jake's head was dizzy for a moment then it cleared. In the corner the scared youth was now hiding under the blanket Rosalinda had made appear around him. 

A few moments later the large man who lead the genie council appeared.

"Where is he?," the man cried the excitement apparent in his voice.

From under the blanket they heard a sob then a gasp, "Pa, pa, I'm here Pa, Pa."

The youth nineteen in appearance but young in his mind flew to the big man's arms, "my son! Long have I been thinking of what I could have done different that day so long ago."

"No Pa, Pa, I wanted to help, the war was starting up and I had information as to who was doing all the raids." Here the youth hung his head, "but I was stupid, I trusted someone I had met and knew only a week, it was she who killed me." The tears were now freely falling from his eyes, "I am sorry, I disgraced the family Pa, Pa." 

The large man's face showed shock, "you don't know then. Your disappearance and subsequent death delayed the war for a hundred years, though you didn't stop it you delayed it long enough for the council to strengthen enough to put down the evil Jinns. You are one of the early heroes of the war." Here the man's eyes were quickly filled with tears.

Jake was standing to the side, with each word from the youth, his temper was starting to grow more and more. To kill one so young just to perpetuate a war? Jake was so caught up in his anger he didn't notice that everyone but Gen and Rosalinda had backed out of the kitchen a look of fear and terror on their faces.

The air was charged as if from static electricity, the wind was blowing through the windows furiously. Outside dark clouds had started to blow in, till it was almost as dark as night outside.

"Master?" Gen said gently breaking Jake's concentration and anger, "are you alright master?"Shaking his head Jake stared at Gen momentarily lost, then he saw the look of worry on her face.

"Yes Gen, why do you ask?" The look of concern on her face actually had him worried now.

"Well master, you are connected to me and Rosalinda, when you get upset we both feel it and our powers work harder to protect you. Plus the storm outside I've seen when you were upset before." Gen said breathing a sigh of relief.

"Storm? What storm?" Jake asked unsure of what was going on. Gen led Jake to the window so he could see the angry, extremely dark clouds starting to fade from the afternoon sky. Jake's mouth hung agape, "you're telling me I did that? I have no powers that isn't possible!"

Rasmir stepped up to try and explain, "Master Jake you and your Jinns have a unique bond. One jinn as powerful as Gen makes it almost impossible for you to be hurt for long and to have a long life. You though, have the love of two Jinns making that protection extremely powerful, as is the bond, it has hardly been heard of for a master to HAVE two Jinns, let alone love them and they him."

"So you're saying that I have to be careful? That anger can translate into that?" Jake said pointing up at the sky.

"No," started Rasmir, "Intense feelings like the rage you felt over the young man, that is what you have to be 

careful of."

"Pa, Pa I have to warn you," the young man cried, " somehow she survived and was in with the rest of us she is evil Pa, Pa she took orders directly from the one who was trying to destroy the council, the humans and take the world for his evil Jinns, though I heard that they wanted to keep some humans as sex slaves. The bad thing is many of the male Jinns wanted male humans, to as they said fuck them in the ass harder than the humans had the Jinns." Here the young man shivered and was suddenly tired Jake wished he was stronger so they could learn more.

Suddenly the young man's eyes grew wide as he stared at Jake.

"Thank you master Jake, thank you for the gift," sitting up the young man moved and looked better. The young man's father rushed to Jake and bowed low.

"I also wish to thank you, you have helped to restore honor back into my family and make it more complete." The leader of the council said.

Jake was starting to feel embarrassed he wasn't used to praise and didn't think he'd ever get used to it. Suddenly the dark mist appeared again, it headed for Jake, most of the Jinns were overpowered falling to the floor weak and helpless, Gen, Rosalinda, and Rasmir were still standing and even they were looking a little pale. 

Warned this time, Jake shouted at the mist, "Stop!" It seemed almost as if the mist hit an invisible wall, a hissing sound came from the mist then it spoke.

"Be warned stupid, weak human, you will release us, we may not be able to get to you now but there are other ways to kill you. You somehow have gained knowledge that we require, let us have it and there will be no further incidents. Refuse and you will see all you care about slowly die in the most horrifying ways possible. 

Still don't believe us?" The voice advised.

Rosalinda started to float then she couldn't breathe, choking she looked at Jake with 

pleading eyes. Jake's rage was suddenly ignited, looking at the cloud he started to wish that the ones hurting Rosalinda would hurt twice as bad as she was.

There were suddenly multiple screams filling the air, Rosalinda was released falling to the floor like a sack of potatoes the mist started to rush at Jake but only got a few inches before the screams started once again. "You bastard! We know not what wish you made but you will pay a thousand fold for the pain you have caused us. Know this, before the cycle of the moon is complete you will be our slave, your Jinns dead and this pitiful excuse for a world will be ours. We will enjoy using you over and over hundred times a day! Soon master of the ever last jinn, soon." With that the mist faded Jake was surprised that they hadn't gotten to him.

Jake was thinking long and hard on what the mist beings had said. The wish that he'd made? He'd only made two the first to strengthen the council leader's son and the second to... hhhhhhmmmmmm interesting he'd have to file that away the next time he met the mist. The jinn doctor appeared next to Rosalinda and began to examine her finishing up he looked at Jake. 

"Master Jake, do you see anything I missed?" The doctor asked.

Jake wasn't sure but he thought he saw something, nodding the doctor motioned him over, "The same as you did before Master Jake." Placing his hand on Rosalinda's head the doctor looked shocked, that is till Jake touched the doctor's arm. The doctor's face screwed into a mask of anger, "how dare they use the forbidden magic!" He growled. Shaking he told Jake to hold on to him tight, then started a sing song chant another dark blue color shot from the doctor into Rosalinda.

At first nothing happened, then there was a blood curdling scream that escaped from her lips. As what or whom ever had been in her body started dying then began to issue threats and demands. 

"The great master of the ever last jinn, they are going to enjoy raping your ass over and over, you have never known pain till they get to use you. Yes, you should last a while, they might even keep your bitch Jinns around to fuck. I am sure they have a few horses to bust their pussys open for entertainment maybe a few bulls, they like bitch pussy. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! Stop now you charlatan you can't kill me, I am you!"

On and on it went, Jake was trying to hold his temper but he was about to lose it. The doctor's blue energy began to envelop the darkness, that is till Jake lost his temper and it was poof! Gone in a second.Jake was still trying to calm down when Rosalinda opened her eyes but didn't move.

In a male voice she spoke to Jake directly, "so you think she loves you? Ha! Far from it."

Jake's anger started to rise but the doctor whispered in his ear, both laughing Jake closed his eyes while the doctor watched. Rosalinda's eyes cleared as she sat up, the doctor looked at Gen, she nodded, Jake suddenly couldn't move.

The look on Jake's face turned to a fierce mask of rage. "Release me you shit of a yak eating, cock of a camel sucking whore!" A strange voice came from Jake's lips, "Ah I see that's how you released them! Good I'll enjoy fucking your jinn whores till they bleed to release my brethren!"

"You won't live that long," the doctor stated, "or haven't you noticed that the body you inhabit has NO magic?"

"WHAT!? You son of a slave whore what have you done?" The now weakening voice screamed.

"I did nothing it was all master Jake, without magic you'll be dead in a few minutes. Care to confess to clear you name?" the doctor asked.

"Confess? To trying to make a world for the jinn so we aren't slaves? NEVER! ARGH! NOOOOOOOoooooo...," it cried at last.

Gen and Rosalinda were beside themselves with worry, they knew that their brave master had been up to the task but if they had lost him, neither was sure that they'd have lived long. After an hour of checking the doctor was sure that whatever it had been was now most certainly dead. Finally Jake opened his eyes, ugh! His mouth tasted worse then when he mixed tequila, rum, scotch and vodka together and as he remembered it was the last time he ever drank more than two drinks of ANYTHING in one day.

"I believe it's gone master Jake," the doctor said.

"I believe also, Rasmir?" Jake asked.

"Yes, master Jake?" Rasmir answered.

"That was a piece of a jinn I believe you are familiar with," Jake said as a curious Rasmir stepped closer. "That was Tankena, wasn't he your brother?" Rasmir could only nod, "Also I know most of their plans but not who is in charge but suffice it to say," Jake said looking right at Rasmir. "Your brother is the second in command now." The gasps from Rasmir and the council leader were the only thing heard in the now quieted house.