 He couldn't help but gasp at the sight that greeted him as the hatch door opened. The woman he had known was changed in ways he couldn't begin to fathom. It seemed a whole different person had entered here with him only a month ago; Now gone were the sparkling hazel eyes, the short and sensible hair, the lithe body of a trainee. This creature in front of him was Aryn, but so very very different. This creature was swathed in some semblance of a dress made from thin strips of a stretchy material. The lithe body had been replaced by the curves of a far more sensual being. Plump lips drew back in a smile of greeting as she saw him, and her coal-colored hair swung down to her buttocks. Her eyes were the same color, but there was a strangeness within them. Aryn had been the sweetest, and kindest human he had ever known, but this woman had a dark glint flickering in the depths of her expression.

"What have you done?" He cried out finally, his eyes instantly went to the Mistress of this lab. Dorethea lounged against the far wall with her guard standing nearby impassively. She had not changed at all, with high cheekbones and a cruel face, she stood nearly as tall as he when she rose from her position. Her smile was full of malice and mischief when she looked upon him.

"Is something the matter Richard? I thought you would be pleased to finally see Aryn again." She strode over to where they stood in the entrance of the lab, and ran her fingers through a few strands of Aryn's hair.

"She entered your service as an apprentice to learn from you! Not be turned into some...some..." He gestured at her body, before throwing his hands up in exasperation. Aryn, his adopted sister looked back at the scientist with a cocked head, as if wordlessly questioning what she should do. It made Richard sick, this was not the sister he had left behind, she had been a head strong, intelligent individual. "What have you done Dorethea?!"

"Your sister came into my service as she showed promise to help me in all my needs and serve me well while she learned from me. She has been learning, and she has helped me in more ways than one." The older woman chuckled to herself as she walked back over to the couches and sat back down. "Aryn, why don't you make some drinks for your brother and myself?"

As his sister began to walk away he grabbed her shoulders, and she turned her large eyes up to meet his slowly as if in a dream. "Aryn, I promise, I will help you get out of this. I'll find a way to fix this." She nodded slowly, as if almost comprehending then hurried away to one of the tunnels leading off from the living area. She wore odd-looking high heeled boots that clicked on the stainless steel floor.

"Please, Richard sit. There is no reason I cannot be hospitable." Dorethea called to him, and although he hated giving into her whims he needed to find out what had been done so he could save his sister from whatever strange going-ons had happened to her.

"Madam, please just tell me what has happened to my sister. She entered your service as your apprentice to help you study the chemical effects of extraterrestrial flora and fauna. An honorable apprenticeship for us being Earth-made but I don't believe this is within the bounds of what the Company had in mind when they created the apprenticeship program." Aryn had returned with glasses filled with electric blue liquid and set it down before her brother and Dorethea before seating herself at the chair across from him. He couldn't bear looking at his strange new sister and busied himself with his glass instead.

"Richard, I don't think you quite understand the apprenticeship program. When your sister entered my service she became mine, body and soul. While you think of the more traditional methods, I used my own ideas for how she could assist me - A rare opportunity for one as herself – an Earthborn orphan. There is a reason I rarely take on apprentices. Perhaps you should ask her yourself how she enjoys her apprenticeship." Dorethea smirked and picked up her own glass, taking a long sip as she stared at Richard.

He turned his gaze away from the scientist and back onto his sister who was also demurely regarding him. "What is she saying Aryn, how did she do this to you?"

"Mistress was using me as a test subject for a type of plant that grows on Crysapthum. The plants use almost a mental connection with each other to communicate, and even reproduce. Once we were able to study how they work Mistress wanted to experiment using the same process for humans, around the same time my apprenticeship application appeared. It has been an honor to share in this groundbreaking work with my Mistress." Aryn's hazel eyes glazed over in an almost ecstatic expression as she gazed at Dorethea. Richard noticed how her body leaned towards the older woman's almost unconsciously, and how her enormous breasts made the material of her dress expand and shrink with every breath... Embarrassed he turned back to his drink draining the rest. It must have been strong for it to allow his mind to wander to such disturbing places when thinking of his adoptive sister. "I still don't understand how this explains the physical changes to my sister."

"Oh Richard, it's a bit difficult to explain to one who's career lies moreso in the field of maintenance for space vessels. How can I put this into words you would understand? All you need to know is that once I found a way to link consciousness with other sources, I also found other methods to mold one to my desires. Homo sapiens have a way of focusing on pleasure, and through both artificial and natural plant sources your sister's goal soon became to fulfill my pleasures and her own by changing her own form and mentality towards something we could both enjoy. I even developed a machine that can produce rapid physical changes in her body," At this point Dorethea pulled out something that looked like a small, silver remote. Her finger pushed an area on its smooth surface and Richard watched his sister in horror as her already oversized breasts began to swell further, stretching the material of the dress to an almost ridiculous point. Aryn gasped in pleasure and seemed to have to restrain herself from succumbing to the feeling. "As you can see, she's quite pleased to help me engage in my work and develop more ways to utilize some these compounds."

"Stop! Aryn, we're leaving now, contract be damned. This is absolutely disgusting what you've done to her!" He roughly grabbed his sister by the elbow and dragged her to her feet, putting his hands to her face he gazed directly into her eyes "We will find a way to escape this, together."

"Richard," his sister replied gazing into his brilliant blue eyes so unlike her own, "I can leave whenever I want. I'm not trapped here. Walk with me and I'll show you."
Her arm snaked through his and he turned briefly to see Dorethea raise her glass in a salute towards him as they strode toward the hatch that he had entered through. The smile on her face made him uneasy, but he couldn't fathom why. Things were becoming less and less clear as they walked down the tunnel in the maze that was the Outer Ring Space Station. It was a large vessel with over a million contractors and Dorethea's science lab took up a sizeable portion. Finally they came to another hatch opening and a quick scan of Aryn's hand opened the door. 

Richard tried to blink away some of the fuzziness that had been creeping over his mind. His stiff uniform felt stuffy and tight and he spent a moment trying to catch his breath. What had that damnable woman put in that drink? He felt his sister's hands gently guiding him towards a chair and he sat heavily. A cup of something cool was pushed into his hands and he drank it without a second thought. Blinking he looked up to see his sister seated in front of him on a large mattress Her long legs were crossed and she also had a blue drink in her hand, finishing the last dregs of whatever had been inside. 

"Aryn? What is this? I thought we were leaving..." He tried to work around what was going on, focusing on anything besides how the material of the tight dress clung to his sister's thighs, or how the strange footwear she had on displayed the muscles of her mile long legs. 

"We did leave silly, I thought we should go somewhere more comfortable." Her smile was so genuine as she stood and strode over to him, seating herself delicately in his lap. He felt her breasts rubbing against his chest as a hand brushed through his thick mahogany colored hair. "Mmm, you let your hair grow while you were gone. I think it looks quite fetching on you Richard."

He grabbed her firmly by the shoulders and tried to not think about how aroused the feeling of her being on his lap was making him feel. "What did she do to us Aryn? What did she give me?" His eyes were wild, and it was so hard to think with her soft weight so close to his cock. 

"She merely wanted to see how it would feel for her mental connection to be established to two people making love while she was on her own. We only gave you a small amount of pathogens to allow you to relax and be more at comfort with your primal desires and of course the compound to connect the two minds." She giggled at the expression on his face as he worked through what she had said. "Oh don't look like that Richard, we both know that you loved as more than your adopted sister for a while now. We are finally able to give in to what we've been feeling towards each other."

Suddenly he felt her lips on his, pushing his mouth wide as she slide her tongue inside. He groaned as she massaged the inside of his mouth and his hand automatically went to her globular breasts. Their pillowy weight was incredibly soft and he wanted to bury his head in them. She forced him to stand and unzipped his uniform before gently pushing him back on the bed. He felt her soft lips wrap around his rigid cock and nearly exploded with pleasure. She took him deeply and he lifted his hips to meet her as she swallowed him whole. His hand went to her incredibly long hair and he found himself pushing her mouth even further. 

He looked up as she stopped, he saw her face glistening with sweat and saliva dripping from her lips, and didn't hesitate before sitting up and nearly ripping off her dress in his haste. She was breathing quickly as she knelt down on all fours on the bed, her breasts dangling and swaying with her movements. Her smooth, round ass presented itself to him, and he positioned himself before sliding deep into her warm, wet cunt. His fingers dug into her sides, as he sank deeper, groaning his pleasure. He quickened his pace as his pleasure grew, desperately trying to hold back from cumming deep inside of Aryn. He wanted this to last forever, she was so tight and so wet, it was pure heaven for him.

Right before he was sure he couldn't stop himself any longer she slid off of him, turning to face him. Her eyes were glazed with pleasure and her lips glistened in the soft light of the room. She pulled him down into a kiss, long and passionate; he moved his lips to her breasts stroking himself all the while. Her nipples were incredibly long and hard as he nibbled on them gently and she shrieked with pleasure and pain. Lifting her legs off the bed and over his shoulders, he trailed a path down to her sweet cunt and began to lick, slowly and sensually. He felt her tremble around him and her juices flowed steadily. He raised his other hand, sticking a couple fingers into her tight hole and began licking her clit as quickly as he could. She screamed as she orgasamed once, then again, cumming all the while. 

She jerked away from her brother suddenly, and brought him onto the bed to lay next to her, then mounted him so he could see her enormous breasts dangling in front of him. She slid her cunt lips over his hard cock and allowed him to slide inside her once more. He reached up to fondle her, running his hands over her nipples and giving them a slight twist as she bounced up and down on him eagerly. All the while she moaned with each bounce, making it harder and harder to hold back. His hips rose to meet hers with each bounce and finally he held her tight against him as he came deep inside her tight cunt. Her muscles tightened around him in another orgasm as they held each other tight. He couldn't stop, he kept cumming until it all began to fade to black.