 Yssup felt her consciousness gathering in the avatar body. She opened her eyes to a blue sky and clouds. Turning her head to the side she saw a large unfamiliar man. He smiled, "Welcome to Florida my fellow traveler." It was Iimja. Wow, did he look different, but so will I. She raised her head and looked towards her feet. She couldn't see them because of the very large breasts in the way. "THAT'S real different," she thought. Her home body had A cups. These were F. Her body had been modeled after Virginia Bell, a busty beauty from that approximate time.

Iimja helped her stand up and learn to walk. Being so top heavy didn't make things easier. She had spent long hours with her mentor learning ancient English, customs, and other bits of useful information. But she couldn't practice with her body until she was in it. Arm in arm they walked slowly towards the beach.

Coming to the top of a dune, Yssup stopped in her tracks. This was utterly amazing! No wonder Iimja wanted to return. What an adventure!

She was a lot steadier by the time they got to the commune. Some kids saw them coming and ran out. Recognizing Iimja they escorted the two while one boy ran ahead to alert Mother May who met them at the edge of the buildings.

Yssup said, "You must be Mother May. I've heard so many good things about you. My name is Yssup and I'm Iimja's sister." They had decided on this cover for simplicity.

Surprised yet pleased, May hugged Iimja and then Yssup. "Welcome. Wasn't sure if you'd be back and here you are...with company even. Come in. Are you hungry?" They replied that they were more thirsty than hungry. 

Iimja escorted his "sister" around the commune, introducing her and pointing out things they'd talked about. At one point he said, "It is customary for newcomers to have sex with Mother May and/or Reverend Bill, her main companion. Are you ready to try out your new body parts?"

"I think so. Will you couple with me too?"

"In this time there is still some disapproval of sibling intercourse but there may not be much here. Anyway I think that you need to get used to normal size penises before you try mine. Rebecca is the only one who has been able to take me fully. We will be discreet when the time comes."

Reverend Bill did a good job with Yssup for her "first time". He was highly stimulated by the big firm breasts and brought his guest to a magnificent orgasm. Iimja happily banged May and did notice that Yssup wanted another ride in the middle of the night. In the shower the next morning Yssup confided that she had never imagined sex could be THAT much fun. 

The two of them roomed with Rebecca and Miriam. It did get a bit crowded at times when there were very many extra sex partners but no one complained. You just might get some more from the person on the next pallet.

Besides the ongoing sex lessons, aided by advice and demonstrations from Mother May, Yssup learned domestic skills. Her breasts were a handicap in the outdoor work so she learned that food can be prepared by other than a 3D printer. She also discovered that small children can often outrun and outwit an adult caretaker.

Her work shift ended after the lunch service was done and cleaned up. She often walked to the ocean and through the scrubby woods. A couple of young men struck up an acquaintance and delighted showing her around. She wisely figured that they wanted proximity to her breasts. Finally, one of them said that she never went in the ocean. Could she swim? She lied, "No one has ever taught me."

Two eager males had a perfect reason to get their hands on her body. She easily manipulated them and there was lots of skin-on-skin contact. There was a fresh water shower at the beach and she asked them to soap parts she couldn't reach. That ended up being almost everything from the neck down. She happily cleaned their erections too.

After drying each other off, she coyly asked, "Did I make those things so big and hard?" They nodded. "Well, I guess I'd better take care of them. Taking their towels she laid them on the grass, she put a guy on each one and for the next hour, sucked and rode the rods until they couldn't get hard any more. Kissing them goodbye she said, "Thanks for the lessons."

That night she lay next to Iimja and told him of her adventure. They had the shack to themselves since Rebecca and Miriam were spending the night elsewhere.

Yssup moved down and showed her "brother" the oral skills she had learned. When he reached his magnificent fullness, she straddled him and carefully engulfed the large pleasure pole. With her body control it didn't take too long before he was fully embedded. She moaned with the new fullness and they coupled for a long time, touching and stimulating each other until they climaxed and fell asleep, still connected.

Roberta found them that way and marveled at the sight. She kissed them both awake and said with a grin, "Keeping it in the family, I see! It's OK. I've screwed my brother a few times."

The researchers' plans required something that would cost money, and that wasn't a likely possibility at the commune. So they got a ride into the nearest town and explored for ideas. Having no identification they had to cook for cash paying situations. Turning a corner they came across a "titty bar" featuring topless dancers and other sexually oriented entertainment. Iimja laughed and said that Yssup was far from "topless" but it was the best thing they'd found yet.

The owner almost had a fit when he saw Yssup even in the tie-dyed baggy loose dress. When she showed him what she had, he hired her on the spot. Iimja bargained for a job for himself too and insisted than both be paid in cash "under the table". Deal! They would start Friday night.

Mother May laughed like crazy when she found out and brought out some wine and pot to celebrate. The researchers' bodies didn't respond to alcohol or drugs so they joined in just to be polite. When she got a bit high, May showed Yssup the kind of dancing she needed to do, having had the same experience when she needed some cash. She explained lap dances and how one could make a lot more money providing "personal services" in the back rooms.

Yssup's body and skills quickly made her a busy favorite on the weekend nights she worked even though she set her prices higher than the other girls. After the bar owner's cut she could still clear a grand a weekend. Iimja got a helper job at the bar during the busy times she was working there. He was paid in cash, although it was very little compared to her income. They needed to be as "underground" as possible.

Soon enough they bought some forged birth certificates allegedly from a small town where the courthouse had burned down shortly after their supposed births. They chose "Futura" as a last name. Kind of an inside joke. Then getting a driver's license, their only concession to bureaucracy, was easy followed by getting their own nondescript used car. The lack of computerized records made such deviousness relatively easy.

After six months of banging the locals, the plan said they needed to go to an urban environment. Tampa-St Petersburg wasn't too far away so they found a relatively inexpensive oceanside cottage to rent. Iimja took as much of their earnings as possible and purchased gold and select stocks that he knew from the historical records would rapidly appreciate in the next few years. Hindsight is perfect!

Looking deeper into the sex worker business, Yssup easily got a job with a classy escort agency. Soon enough she was at the top of the popularity and price lists. Only servicing a few clients a week was a lot easier and way more fun since they often showed her off around town. She took some yacht and ocean cruises and attended corporate functions, although those, for an appropriate fee, often involved servicing a number of men.

Most of her clients were distracted enough by her skills that they didn't wonder about all the rather specific questions she would ask, filing away the answers in her mental data bank. She was here to do research, she never forgot.

Iimja got to do his share too once the agency learned about his genital endowment. Gigolos weren't as common as female escorts but there was a demand, especially if they had big cocks and no sperm. He had his questions too.

Lots of cash was rolling in and the investments grew too.

Every month they would visit the commune and spend a couple of nights. Some cash found its way into Mother May's purse to help out. On one visit May told them that she heard that the property was going to be put up for sale. What would they do? Where would they go?

Iimja found the owner and offered the unheard of price of $2000 per acre for the 100 acres. He couldn't say YES fast enough. A trust was set up to own the property. Iimja knew that the land would be purchased in about 25 years to build a luxury resort.

Mother May was overjoyed when the new owner gave her a written occupancy permit for 25 years and the trust built a nice cabin on the property and had the barn rehabbed. May was paid a small salary to be caretaker of the property. It was the getaway/hideaway place for Iimja and Yssup and, most importantly, the place where they eventually had to return to the future. 

Having gathered all the data they needed about the commercial side of sex, the couple from the future wanted to explore another angle. They rented a house in the suburbs and subscribed to wife swapper publications. Turns out there were a few couples of that persuasion in the area, just as they thought, and they made contacts. This time they pretended to be married.

Getting the amateur side of sex was more fun than the professional because they could really do in-depth interviews and see how the relationships evolved. They had fewer partners but more quality ones. Of course there were the occasional swapper parties where you were paired up by the draw of cards or some other random thing. They enjoyed the visits to adult nudist resorts because they were reminded of the commune days. The visits to Mother May were regular but grew less frequent. 

Some side excursions to check out adult bookstores and movie theatres added a little to the story. Difficult to probe into the minds of people, mostly men, who frequented such places, but Yssup was able to get a few to overnight with her and picked their brains a bit.

It was the year 2000. The research project was ending and things had to be wrapped up. Back in the early 80's Iimja had established a small nonprofit research foundation and given the land trust to it. He had gradually donated his investments as well, keeping a stash of cash and gold sufficient for a nice undocumented lifestyle. He'd managed the stocks well and, in late 1999 sold all of the holdings just before the big market crash. Many were in high tech and had swollen in value rapidly. The foundation was worth $20 million. 

That was enough to set some research goals for a small human staff. The findings were not to be published but archived in a particular way and stored in a particular place, able to be retrieved safely far in the future. 

Time to wrap up this extended visit. The property was sold to the developers as expected. A somewhat puzzling provision was that Mother May's cabin was to be relocated to a spot at the edge of the property when development started and she granted lifetime occupancy. Her Social Security had started so she was set.

The commune was long dissolved, and Reverend Bill deceased, but May usually kept a young man or two around to help with chores which included exercising her pussy. She always wanted to be in shape when Iimja visited.

On one of these visits, the couple took her down to the beach. Iimja started, "Dear Mother May. I have known you for a long time and I love you dearly, as does Yssup. There are some things we need to share with you. You met us more than 30 years ago yet, except for some grey that we put in our hair, we have not aged at all. That is because we are not regular humans. I think you'd better sit down."

Yssup continued, "We are sex researchers from far in the future. This was an interesting era to study and you have helped us immensely. We purchased this land and have done other things to make your life comfortable. We are not supposed to reveal the future but I can say you will have a long life. We have to go back in a few days."

May looked at them. "I knew there was something special about you two but couldn't put my finger on it. That helps me understand a lot of things and I'm content with that. If I've helped others in the present with my commune, or in the future with your work, then I have made a difference and am happy. I know to keep this completely confidential even though anyone I told would think I was doing drugs again.

"You know I love both of you like my children. Speaking of which, Rebecca and her four kids are coming tomorrow. Miriam has two. Let's have a beach party!" 

Iimja and Yssup looked at each other. What a great finale to their trip.

Rebecca and Miriam were overjoyed to see the two. It had been a very long time. They introduced their children, all by different fathers except that one daughter of each might have the same one. No marital bonds to cause trouble either.

After a fun afternoon naked in the sun and surf, a picnic dinner, and s campfire at the beach, the middle age kids took the youngest to the cabin and the adults got down to some serious fun.

Both of the daughters' current male companions, noticeably younger and fit, had coupled with Mother May before so they were hot for Yssup. The daughters were hungry for Iimja. That left the daughters' oldest, a boy and a girl, to refresh their cousinly coupling for starters. They were joined by May's consort, a man in his early thirties.

Lots of lusty sounds in the dim moonlight. Bodies moving together and changing places to merge with other bodies until the normal humans were sated. Next was a group rinse off in the beach shower and deciding who would sleep with who.

The next day some mats were set up away from the main area so that couples (or more) could play away from the youngsters. On one such private coupling, Rebecca looked at Iimja and remarked, "You sure mush have good genes. I don't think you look or feel any older than when we first fucked almost thirty years ago. How do you do it?"

"My father was very long lived so I guess I will be too." If she heard the real numbers she would have been shocked.

"Well, I wish you could have fathered one of my children. You are much more the man than any of the ones that did. You know I still love you best."

"I know, and you will always be special to me, just like your mother." 

They made love sweetly and for a long time.

The morning after all the others left, Mother May accompanied them to the returning place. She hugged and kissed both of them with tears in her eyes. No words were needed; goodbyes had already been said. May turned away as the time travelers lay down on the grass. When she turned back their molecules were blowing away in the breeze. "Dust to dust" popped into her mind. She sat down and cried for a while. Not for them, but for her own loss.

Going back to the cabin she used the key Iimja had given her to open the heavy suitcase they left. Inside was a lot of currency and gold with a note. "We know you will spend this wisely." The first thing she did was get a marble marker with their names which she placed where they had departed. She hoped they'd find it in the future, not knowing that it would be under many feet of ocean by then.

Her ashes were scattered at that very spot many years later by her daughters.

When the travelers emerged from their enclosures they looked at each other and laughed. What puny bodies! Their very first action was to visit the cloning laboratories and talk to the head of R&D. They gave him the specifications of their avatars and said "Build these for us!"

Life and love was about to change in their time...