 "You lost the bet, Jer" Carlos said while putting his flat hand over my fist. "Paper beats rock."

I frowned, feeling somewhat defeated by my coworker and weekend warrior equivalent. We'd become good friends the past two years. I headed the firm's creative department and Carlos was a media sales head. We were two departmental lions meeting at the watering hole for our daily morning exchange. Today there was more at stake than baseball scores at stake. This instant game of paper-scissors-rock was about to put an end to a two-week stalemate.

"Okay," I sighed, accepting my losing fate like a man. "Give me her stats."

I'm not ashamed of admitting that I'm your stereotypical thirty-something single white guy. My pride was still intact, and my heart. I did have my clean cut Men's Health image to keep, and I was doing a good job of it. The extra visits to the gym were showing in my biceps and abdominal muscles. 

My loss meant I'd have to suffer a blind date. A double date with Carlos and his woman Hanna, who was setting me up with one of her coworkers from the Horticulture center in Faust Springs Gardens Park.

"There's good news and bad news," Carlos said, his hand gripping my shoulder firmly. Hand on the shoulder usually meant bad news was bad. Hand on the shoulder was reserved for deaths in the family and low performance numbers.

"Give me the good first," I groaned,

"Dr. Dayanarra Hora is very cute and very smart. She goes by Dr. Day. She's Puerto Rican I think, very hot woman about your age. She is a senior horticulturist for the Gardens. She must have like six biology degrees," Carlos said optimistically. "I think she makes some money."

"Does she have nice boobs?"

"Jeez Jer, is that all that you think about?"

Silence stood between us like a stone martyr. "Yes, nice boobs," Carlos gave in. 

I grinned. This was a lot of good. "Okay what's the bad."

"She's pregnant," Carlos replied while filling a Styrofoam cup full of steaming coffee.

"You're kidding," I said with a distressed ire.

"Dead serious," Carlos replied emphatically; putting to bed any joking sentiments. He rebounded my expression of utter disgust with quick words. He was a professional salesman after all. "Listen it's just a date. Hanna has been begging me to get you to wing this one out with us. She says this Day just needs some time away from her work, someone to show her a good time four a couple of hours."

Hanna was Carlos' plus-sized fiancé. I think she was a curator at the Spring Gardens, and had the noted personality of a severe social butterfly.

"Jesus Carlos, she's carrying someone else's kid though! Doesn't Hanna have a hot cousin she could set me up with?" I asked while drawing my own cup of morning joe from the spout.

Carlos shook his head, "Please, Jerry. If you do this I'll-"

"-be coughing up those court side tickets to the game we've been talking about." I finished for him.

"Fair enough," Carlos said, shaking his head. "I know pregnant is a bit outside of the box from your usual twenty-something in the client research department."

I sipped my coffee, testing that statement with a bit of my pride.

"You owe me big time."

"Hey, did I mention the seats are behind the bench? You're going to smell Colby's sweat."

"I better." 

***

I agreed to meet Carlos, Hanna, and Dr. Day at Los Cabosina Restaurant. It was high scale Mexican food place, with truly dark south-of-the-border ambiance. The sound of an authentic mariachi band was lightly audible over the clinking silverware on plates, soft conversations and a waterfall centerpiece. It took me a moment to find my party who was already seated in a corner booth.

My date's back was turned to me. An her emerald green dress was backless. Her ebony hair was tied up in a french twist of sorts. Her shoulders were broad, thick and muscular. I approached slowly, a bit of anxiety toyed with my stomach. I was wearing a dark suit and tie that accentuated my dark looks, and in my arms I cradled a corsage.

I leaned beside her and offered the dressed white orchid over her shoulder as a pleasant surprise, before taking good look at Dr. Day's face. Her head turned slightly to peer down at her floral surprise. Carlos didn't lie, her face a collection of stunning angular features. A grin pursed her lips, "Cattleya Nobilis Natalia," she said with fluid comfort in a Puerto Rican accent. "Very impressive specimen."

Hanna punched Carlos in the arm and spat, "Damn impressive, when have you ever bought me a flower like that!?" Carlos rubbed his goosed arm and glared at me.

Dr. Day turned and faced me to introduce herself. She was extremely attractive. Her azure eyes settled over me inquisitively, her dark long strands fell around her appealing features. Day's racy sequined attire was a liberal statement for a pregnant woman, and exposed her breasts nicely. The dress was well tailored to her curvatures; including the largest one, her baby swollen belly. Dr. Day was very, very pregnant. 

I was quite impressive by overall looks. Inwardly I resolved any reservations, and decided to give her a fair chance. I was an out of the box thinker, I could handle this.

Day offered her hand to me which I took. "It's a pleasure to meet you Jerry." I grinned and responded, "The pleasure is mine really." I then took the liberty of pinning to corsage to the soft material covering her right breast. It turned me on to do it, my finger so close to an intimate area of a woman I barely knew. Dr. Day seemed comfortable with this, and impressed by the sentiment. 

When I was done, she scooted over so I could take my place next to her. When I took the seat I could smell her citrus-like perfume. Day then broke the ice by picking up a menu and announcing, "I'm as starving as a bear, two bears really," causing us to giggle. 

The conversation that ensued during dinner and drinks was friendly and light hearted. Before it was done, our table had become a graveyard of drained Margarita glasses. I was feeling the effects of the tequila. Dr. Day was being good, nursing one glass of wine and several waters. We skirted around conversation about her baby, which I could understand. It was probably for the best. 

Soon the subject took a turn towards recent events. I was in mid sentence about my rock climbing vacation with Carlos about a month ago when I felt a purposeful squeeze on my thigh. I didn't balk, but I did notice Day's hand was the perpetrator with a downward glance. As I continued the story I felt her daring embrace rub inwardly towards my thigh, back and forth. The motion was inspiring a sprung tightness in my pants. My story ended with a laugh, and Day ended her massage with a pat against my slightly tented erection. It almost caused me to jump. She began to talk about research, but it took me a moment to focus- partially because of the buzzing of my head from the alcohol, the other half blamed on the buzzing between my legs.

". . .ing the project. Human sexuality and plants have been long studied, but we have some exciting developments going on at the Spring Gardens," she finished. Carlos interrupted. "You mean your making love potions down there?"

Dr. Day let out a womanly giggle while continuing. "Haven't you drank a sport drink with Ginseng?" She asked rhetorically. "Listen, plants are really amazing creatures and a resource we've barely tapped. Some of our finding are unprecedented." Dr. Day said and then addressed me directly, "Jerry, if you come to the Gardens tonight I can show you some of the work," she asked forwardly with enthusiasm.

Silence hung at the table for a moment. I wasn't planning on a night cap with a preggo, even a cute, smart one. But-

Hanna, I think it was Hanna; kicked me under the table.

"Yeah, that sounds good."

"Great!" She said planting a audacious wet kiss on my cheek. "Let me out, I have to go to the ladies room. Too much water."

She left us, the check arrived. Hanna reached over spoke to me in an unneeded hushed voice. "Listen Jerry; Day is a sweet girl. I think she likes you, but be careful."

"Careful of what?" I asked while pitching in more than half of the tab. 

"She's involved in some serious research. Private stuff the past few months. I know she can't even talk about the details of her pregnancy. Day's even living at the Gardens now. She's not even supposed to be out in public." 

"What?!"

"I snuck her out and arranged this date because I thought she needed to get away from it. Here she comes. Just watch yourself, but have fun with her," Hanna urged.

Dr. Dayanarra Hora returned, rubbing her large round belly. "The baby was sitting on my bladder. Sometimes I feel like a giant pea pod." The statement would have been uglier if uttered by a less attractive pregnant woman. Dr. Day was indeed beautiful, even in her knocked up state.

I stood, returned the kiss on her cheek and smiled. "Lets go to the Gardens."

***

We cruised down the streets in my new hardtop Mustang towards the city, a quick trip from the uptown restaurant. Our conversation was slight gestures about dinner and our occupations. I noticed she kept one hand on her belly as I accelerated through late empty streets and strings of green lights. I backed off on the pedal, not wanting to scare her, but Day laid a flirtatious hand on the back of my neck, a single finger toyed with my hair. "It's okay Jerr, I'm having fun. I bet not many pregnant woman have sat in this seat."

I grinned, "I'd have to say you're the first."

"I'm honored, really." She joked.

Rain began to mist the windshield. Before the date I heard on the radio severe storms were approaching. "I love the rain," Day said.

"Hey, Hanna said you were living at the Gardens," I replied, cutting to more pertinent conversation. 

"She did? Well, umm yeah. I was working around the clock anyway. The research lab has several full suites, intended for visiting scientists. I just moved into one." She answered smoothly with a hint of her central american accent. 

"Do you stay there alone? I mean, your pregnant." 

"Pretty much. It doesn't bother me though. I'm a big girl," she said leaning over to my ear and whispering "I think I'm earning the name Plant Princess."

"Where's the Prince?" I said, looking down at her swollen stomach. I think it was a fair question, considering I was headed towards her place. She raised an eyebrow. "That's difficult to answer."

A light turned red up ahead. We slowed to a stop at the intersection ahead of us. She leaned over and turned off the radio. The pitter patter on the roof was the only sound between us.

"Do you know how some plants have sex Jerry?" She asked softly. Her hand went to my thigh again, and she rubbed it generously as she had at dinner.

"Well, I remember pollen, bees and flowers. Something about a stamen, or something-" I answered pathetically. She had a doctorate of plant biology after all. 

"Very carefully," she answered her own question simply. I wasn't sure if she was joking. Her hand wasn't. In one graceful move she unzipped my pants like a pro. I looked down with arousing interest. "Listen. I am working on an project that plans to prove the molecular communication between plant sexes to select better genetic material- can be applied to humans." 

The light turned green. Her hand was in my pants and working to discover the open fly of my boxers. We stayed put. "What?"

"Plants have a way of self choosing the pollen that makes it to their female parts for reproduction. If the pollen is unsatisfactory to the plant, lets say for example the pollen came from a relative, the incestual pollen is rejected. Plants have sex very carefully." She accentuated her final comment by wrapping her fingers around my semi-hard member. A smile curled the corners of her red lips. "Impressive Jerry, you're one hell of a date so far."

"Okay," I said trying to remain focused and open minded. "What does that have to do with you?"

"I'm on the brink of discovering a serum that will allow human female sex organs to be as selective as plants. Thus helping us find better men, and make better babies."

A horn blew behind us, an huge SUV that I never saw pull up behind us. We lurched forward as I released the clutch. I tried to digested the information in my head as Day's relentless coaxing of my member coaxed dirtier thoughts.

"So you're pregnancy is part of an experiment?" I managed.

"I'll explain more at the Garden," Dr. Day said. She released my member from her grip and withdrew her hand. I realized I was holding my breath and inhaled sharply. Her forefingers glistened with pre cum, and she licked her hand of the slick deposit while eyeing me lustfully. "Mmm, You'll understand better there. You'll see it visually. You might even be able to help me with part of it."

In minutes, I drove to a gated back entryway that Day directed me towards. It was locked with huge chain-linked gate. The gate slid open after she voiced the code into a box on the side of the driveway. We drove forward into a lush jungle park nestled in the center most concrete confines of Downtown. 

***

After we parked I followed Day through a labyrinth of lush nighttime gardens. I left my suit jacket and tie in the car. In the distance I could hear thunder from an approaching storm. 

The garden park was creepy at night. A nearly full moon slid in and out of view behind clouds in a starless city sky. Huge jungle vines sprawled up the walls of the garden in thick spider-webbed patterns. Behemoth trees with thick trunks spread their branching arms over the path, threatening to snatch us from safety of concrete. Beds of flowers that amazed your eyes in sunlight now seemed colorless, ankle-high armies of pale insects that rustled incessantly in the wind. A chill gripped me as the drizzle of rain fell upon my face. 

I knew my creative mind was getting away from me. Yet still I padded close to Day who weaved through the paths and archways with ease. I saw what I assumed our destination ahead. A nearly hidden side door to a building that was covered in vegetation. Rain persisted and I felt large cold beads of water strike my scalp. Without warning, lightning flashed through the garden, and flashes of unseen ferns and creepers came to life in the blinding light. It was proceeded with a thunderous clap and an onset deluge of water. We ran for the door. 

It was too late. By the time Dr. Day could get her keys in the door we were soaked. She turned the key but the door wouldn't budge. "What's the matter?" I asked.

"It sticks some times," she yelled back. "Try and open it!"

I turned the knob and pressed into the door. I felt water seep into my socks and I realized I had stepped into a deep puddle of warm water. Day stepped away as I put my shoulder into my opening efforts. The door gave in under my weight. I flew in, off balance and landed on my hands and knees onto white, brightly lit tile. I heard Day follow me in and slam the door shut, cutting out any signs or sounds of the elements outside. 

She was soaked. Her dress scantily clung to her panting, pregnant body. Her wet skin accentuated the curves of her body, and I also noticed how buff Dr. Day was considering she was with child. She must have been working out to some great extent before her pregnancy, and her physique showed that despite her belly's current swollen state. She pulled the pins from her upset dampened hair and it fell down to shoulder length. We then broke out in hysterical laughs at the mess we made ourselves.

I raised myself off the floor to her height. She put a hand on my arm as a gesture to help me get up. It could have been the chill from the air conditioning inside the corridor, but Days nipples perked through her dress. My face was close to hers, our bodies almost touching. "Thanks for getting the. . . doo-" 

We kissed. A gentle pressing of open mouths drove the cold out of my rain soaked body. I felt her belly against mine, and my arms went around her inflated waist carefully to the small of her back. Our tongues darted back and forth in playful exploration of each other's mouth. She leaned into me. Our kiss ended with several light pecks. Her eyes danced over the features of my face. "I enjoyed that, but I think we should continue this elsewhere. Follow me," she whispered.

I did, down a long corridor. It reminded me of a college hall. There was a door about every thirty feet, and in between some doors were glass panels that gave sight into large dark laboratories filled with stainless tables, wash bins, computers and monitors whirring with colorful scientific information. There were some classrooms, a few more lavish than others with theater seating. 

Finally Dr. Day came to a stop at a door more than halfway down. There was no window paneling to this door. There was a pin pad device above the doorknob that she hit about a half dozen numbers into before it came unlocked with an audible clank. "Cummon, this is what I brought you to see."

Beyond the door was a spiral stairwell downward. I followed her down. At the base of the stairs was another door. This door was metal and marked with a large yellow biohazard stamp. It was locked with a higher tech gadget with a small translucent monitor. that she slid her thumb into. It flashed green, a picture of her thumbprint appeared in the monitor, and the words 'APPROVED' flashed up in green writing. The door then came unlocked with a clank.

Day turned to me, her back against the slightly opened door and an anxious look on her face. "You're the first outsider to see my work."

"Why?" I blurted awkwardly, than I clarified myself, "I get the impression your work is significant. So why me? I've only known you for two hours and don't know a damn thing about plants." 

"That's what I need though." She said and then explained seriously. "I need someone outside of the project. There's a foreseen issue with the controlled values of the experiment. I need someone who's not immersed or concerned with the details of what's going on here. Carlos told me you were a creative at the firm. I might need the input of someone with your expertise."

Dr Day intrigued me, and it added to her allure. I extended a friendly hand out around Day's muscular neck and pulled her to me for a hugging embrace. We kissed again. There was something very comforting about Dr. Day, something I was getting used too. I was anxious to see what was behind that door. "I'll do my best." 

"I'm sure it will be enough. I'm just excited about showing someone else what I'm doing here." She turned and opened the door. Beyond the portal was a room that left me breathless.

***

The room was circular. The perimeter of which was lined with computers and laboratory devices beyond my comprehension, but of obvious significance. Tubes, wires, liquids and gasses intertwined in intricate processes of constant data being exposed to analytical forces; the results of which were displayed on high-resolution monitors in glowing, twisting dance of numbers and biologically graphic spectacles.

The source of these experiments was contained in a twenty-foot wide glass cylindrical atrium with a domed roof that provided bright lighting. The tank held a green plant of obviously huge magnitude and complexity. The ominous size of it took up most of the atriums impressive size. The plant's thorned trunk was deeply rooted in brown wet soil, and judging from the condensation on the window the environment within was very humid. Its stalk and leaves were many shades of green, and branched out into a series of long stems that looked like vines. 

Yet, the most impressive part of the plant was the huge flower that budded from the top, almost six feet wide in span. It's large petals arched out like giant fleshy pink tongues. They came together in a dark crimson hole that was wet with dew, and peppered with beads of an orange-colored substance. Three snow white stamen extended out of the deep center of the flower. I found it strangely alluring in an ominous way. The odd plant inspired an alluring curiosity to examine it closer, as if I had something to offer it. 
