 The Festival of Maeralya, the most scandalous social event of the year. Isonei had been to these masquerades since she came of age but this one was different. This year the delegation from Torga would be attending the King's and he'd made certain there were more women than men to give them a chance to participate. This year she'd been among those invited to attend the most lavish and debauched of the masquerades in the kingdom. 

For hulking brutes, Torgans were reputed to be prudish. They had never shown an interest in partaking in the Festival before and the rumors said they were only attending to be polite. Isonei peered over the balcony curiously trying to spot one. Supposedly, they were fierce fighters and could move like cats. She bit her lip and felt her face flushing beneath her mask. The most thrilling Festival night she'd had was spent with a soldier who'd danced like a demon. When she asked where he'd learned, he'd said if you can fight you can dance, among other things.

Swirling beneath her were lords and ladies in their well-cut doublets and gossamer gowns with masks that made it impossible to tell who they were. The thrill of not knowing who you were drinking and dancing with until you woke in their bed in the morning. She shivered.

A warm hand caressed her back through the silver silk of her diaphanous gown. Isonei turned her head to see a familiar smirk and warm brown eyes she knew all too well.

"Such a stunning creature should be careful not to catch cold, I'd be more than happy to warm you." He offered the finely engraved chalice in this other hand.

"No, thank you." Isonei smiled courteously and slipped away. She'd almost called Feyrith by name and that would have been poor form. He'd made it clear he wanted to be the only one bedding her and she'd declined the offer. Feyrith had his charms but he was spoiled and arrogant, Isonei would rather sleep alone than settle for someone like her brothers.

She grinned at the jester king dancing by himself and teasing the ladies closest to him as she descended the stairs and the jester noticed. 

"Here's a merry maid, surely she'll dance with the King of Fools!" He bowed mockingly and held out his hands.

Laughing, she accepted, "Of course, if I never danced with fools I'd never dance at all!"

He crowed and tried to spin her off of her feet. "Such a gracious girl! Do you take them to bed too?"

Keeping her feet, she laughed and lobbed back, "If you had a cup you might find out!" 

He pulled her close, prancing in an awkward imitation of the dancing going on on the floor. "I may not have a cup but I have a c-AAAHHH!" He yelled overdramatically as Isonei stepped on his foot with a grin.

She leaned close to tease, "You should probably ask why only fools dance with me." 

"Gods!" He spun her free with a grin. "A cup! I need a cup!" He began to hop among the men who'd gathered trying to get one. After a moment of being laughed at and having no luck in getting one, he turned back and bounded up to her again. "Spare a kiss for a cupless fool?" He wrapped his arms around her waist and fluttered his lashes.

"Charity is its own reward." Isonei cupped his face and gave him an open mouthed kiss, slipping her tongue playfully between his lips.

The jester king fell back as if in ecstasy, crowing and clutching his chest. "A kiss like that for a cupless fool!" 

"I'm eager to see what she'll give a man with a cup!" Feyrith put an arm around her waist and held her firmly. Isonei stopped smiling and tried to pull away politely. "Oh no, you mischievous thing. I'm not letting you go that easily." He murmured into her ear.

"Nonono!" The jester king leapt forward giving her a wink and pulling her free. He spun with her whispering into her ear, "Head for the gardens." As Feyrith came forward the jester released her and faced him, drawing himself up, "I challenge you for the heart of the Queen of fools!" 

As much as Isonei would have liked to stay and watch the jester king put on his show with Feyrith, she knew he wouldn't be able to do it twice. If Feyrith wasn't going to let her enjoy the evening without him she'd have to evade him as best she could and find someone to drink with quickly. She heeded the jester's advice and slipped through the crowds toward the gardens, it would be easier to duck Feyrith among the statues and hedges.

Outside the air was much cooler, scented with late-blooming blossoms, and the moonlight and lanterns gave a soft light that made her gown glow. Not ideal for hiding. She wrapped her arms around herself with a shiver as a breeze blew. It would be warmer deeper in the hedges.

Isonei moved through the hedges looking for a warmer place to stay out of sight. If nothing else the jester king might come looking for her at the end of the evening and she'd be willing to be very charitable after the performance he put on.

Hearing Feyrith cursing as he came into the garden, she rounded a row of hedges and stepped into one of the King's flower gardens. A few couples were strolling among the blossoms but there was nowhere to hide among the flowers. She looked around helplessly.

"Are you looking for someone?" A deep velvety voice spoke softly behind her.

"Hiding from someone." Isonei turned with a nervous smile and looked up at the behemoth who had spoken. A Torgan. Someone had neglected to tell him that the masks were meant to be alluring, his might have been some sort of animal skull painted black and embellished with silver.

He extended his arm opening his thick black cloak as if in invitation.

"You're offering to hide me?" She couldn't hide her amusement.

He drew his arm back slightly. "If you wish." His dark eyes studied her. "You look cold." 

"I am." Isonei tentatively stepped forward and slipped under his arm, letting him drape his cloak around her. It was much warmer beneath his cloak, and he smelled like leather and spices. Isonei wrapped an arm around his waist and let him lead her through the flowers. 

It felt strange to be walking in silence next to someone. Feyrith was fond of the sound of his own voice, and every time she had attended the masquerades for the Festival of Maeralya the men she'd chosen were eager to impress her with wit or boasts. This man was content just to walk. It was surprisingly pleasant.

He paused in front of a large flowering shrub with sweet smelling, brushlike flowers. Isonei reached out her hand to touch one. "This is beautiful, I don't think I've seen one like this before."

"It was a gift from King Orgath of Torga to King Tamnaeuth some years ago. I hadn't expected it to grow so well here." He sounded pleased, and with her arm around him she could feel his deep voice as he spoke. 

"Do you have many beautiful flowers in Torga?" Her inquiry went unanswered and she looked up at him curiously. He was looking down at her as if unsure of his answer. "You're not fond of flowers." She gave him a rueful smile.

"I am." He tilted his head and spoke with surprising candor. "I was told the women of Ara require flattery and that I should always say they are more beautiful than flowers when the topic arises."

Laughing, Isonei shook her head, "Not all of us require flattery and it only works if you can flatter convincingly." She saw him smile beneath his mask. 

"Anyone who doesn't believe you to be more lovely than the flowers that surround you is either blind or an idiot." Feyrith spoke from behind them almost pleasantly and she tensed, drawing against the Torgan's side.

"The same could be said of anyone who haunts a woman's footsteps when he is unwelcome." The Torgan spoke sharply, turning from the bush and keeping her close to his side. He rolled his shoulders back and straightened making a surprising cracking sound as he looked down at Feyrith. Feyrith flinched. Isonei struggled to suppress her smile.

She watched as Feyrith gritted his teeth and then looked at the Torgan's hands. "If she truly wishes to spend the evening with a cupless man," he smirked, "I will allow it." Feyrith gave her a cutting look and turned to walk away. 

"How fortunate that I have a vessel." The Torgan's voice was soft but vicious. 

"Fortunate indeed." Isonei smiled up at him. She thought the grey-green color of the man's skin darkened slightly on the bit of his face she could see under his mask. He blushes! She grinned up at him.

She saw his lips curve again and he lifted his hand to run his fingers down the line of her jaw. "You are... a temptation."

Isonei laughed and took his hand to kiss it. "And you are mystery to me. One I am looking forward to drinking and walking with." She bit her lip and looked up at him mischievously, "Unless, of course, you dance."

"Ha!" He barked a laugh and turned to lead her deeper into the gardens. "Dancing is not something I've ever done."

"Why?" She couldn't keep from inquiring. She glanced up and saw him frowning and decided to tease him, "You move like you'd be good at it, very smoothly."

It drew a snort from him, but she couldn't tell if he blushed as he moved her out of the lantern light. In the darker corners of the garden, some of the guests had been unable to wait until they got back to their lodgings, and they nearly ran into two couples enjoying each other on the same table as the Torgan steered her into an alcove.

She almost laughed as he held up his cloak to shield her from the sight and moved away quickly. Prudish. Isonei stayed close with her arm around his waist letting him lead. But she found it almost adorable somehow. She lifted her hand to twine her fingers in the hand that held his cloak around her. It fell partly from his grip.

"That makes it difficult to hold my cloak." He sounded uncertain and she released his hand.

"I didn't mean to impose." She gathered the cloak and handed it back to him.

"It's not that I-" More lovers. He covered her face and growled in annoyance, "Do they have no shame?"

"Not tonight, no." She laughed softly. "If you want a place free from embracing lovers you'll either need to rejoin the party or retire to your room."

"I wish to speak with you. The party is too loud." He paused.

"And your room is too private?" She asked thinking she might know what the problem was.

"Yes. I'm not certain I want to," he made a gesture with his hand mostly obscured by his cloak.

"I'm not going to force myself on you, and I will sit in a chair on the other side of the room if you're concerned. I have to admit to being immensely curious as to why you'd attend when you don't wish to offer a drink to anyone."

"Drinking means you are required to bed me?" The Torgan asked flatly.

She laughed, "No! Drinking means I will be spending the night with you, what we choose to do is our concern. But it is regarded as a slight to the goddess Maeralya if you don't and you may be cursed with a lack of children when you're trying for them."

His hand moved off of her shoulder, "Then drink with me and come to my room." From his side he drew a dark colored, engraved horn on a chain, both ends capped with silver. "I cannot promise to bed you." He unscrewed the chain from the top and offered it to her.

"I accept, knowing that." She tilted the horn sipping at the liquid inside. It was sharp almost harsh. She blinked up at him as she swallowed. "What is that?"

"My favorite wine, made from flower petals." He looked at her curiously.

"You enjoy that?" She asked incredulously.

He began to laugh and took a drink from the horn. "I do. But it was an acquired taste." 

"My father brews wine from honey. I'll have a bottle sent for you." She shook her head and smiled wryly.

"Anyone can enjoy sweet wine." His eyes almost glittered. 

"And that makes it less palatable?" She took the horn from him and tried another sip, shivering, "This tastes so harsh."

"Only because you aren't accustomed to it." He touched her face again then screwed the chain back onto the top sealing it again, "Come."

Wrapping her arm around his waist again, Isonei let him lead her back toward the party where the entrance to the royal guest wing was to be found. The Torgan seemed to be less inclined to enjoy the gardens this time and she had to move quickly to keep up with him, but entering the larger hall he came to a sudden stop, seeing the jesters in front of the entrance teasing those who went in mercilessly.

"We will find another place to speak." He spoke quietly beginning to turn.

"She's returned! I thought you'd left me forever!" The jester king bounded up to her and grinned madly up at the Torgan before looking at her and wagging his eyebrows, "You brought a friend!"

Isonei laughed and reached out to jingle one of the bells hanging from his collar. "I did! I am spoken for for the evening, your majesty, you'll have to find another Queen." She gave him an exaggerated pout with wide eyes.

He dropped to his knees and raised his arms, "He stole my Queen! My heart will never heal!" 

Isonei noticed a timid looking woman smiling at the jester's antics and slipped away from the Torgan to take her by the hand, giggling into her ear, "He's sweet and fun, step on his feet if gets out of line." The woman's eyes widened as Isonei pushed her into the jester king's waiting arms. 

"Two Queens in a night and the new is better than the old!" He crowed and leapt to his feet to spin her as she laughed. 

The jesters stepped away from the entrance laughing and clapping "Long live the Queen!"

The Torgan was rooted in place watching the spectacle but Isonei tugged at his hand and smiled up at him. He nodded and wrapped her in his cloak again, moving quickly through the doors. In the quiet hall he paused and looked down at her. "How did you know they would move?"

"I didn't, but the jester king helped me get away from F-" she caught herself. "From the one you frightened away. He's sweet, and I think he's trying to make sure no one is uncomfortable." She entwined her fingers with his. "It was plain that you were not happy with the jesters in front of the door. He called them away."

The Torgan made an odd noise in his throat that sounded like surprise. Continuing down the hall until they came to the stairs, he took her up into the more lavish guest quarters. The carpet in the upper hall was lush and patterned with vines. And when the Torgan opened the door to his rooms they were filled with furnishings of dark heavy wood and upholstered in rich purple velvet.

She couldn't help but hesitate in the doorway. He pulled her in gently by the hand. "My rooms aren't to your taste?"

"They're gorgeous, but," she looked at him nervously, "seeing this I feel like I should be minding my manners better."

He laughed. "Your manners have been impeccable." The Torgan took off his cloak and looked at her curiously. "When do we take off the masks?"

"In your room, we can take them off whenever you're comfortable, but we can't trade names until the morning."

He led her to the sofa and pulled her down next to him. "You would bed someone whose name you don't know?"

She looked at him trying not to laugh. "Yes."

"Why?" He looked at her in bafflement. 

"One night of the year we celebrate the creation of the world by the goddess Maeralya who took to her bed the unknown, the darkness that danced with her and became the night sky. From him she conceived the world. Is that not beautiful? The chance of one adventurous embrace creating," she lifted her hands palms up and smiled, "all of this. This Festival is a celebration of that embrace, of embracing the unknown. It's hope and-" 

The Torgan pulled his mask off and leaned in to kiss her, cutting off her words. "It's not my religion, but I can appreciate your fervor."

She laughed and took her own mask off, looking at his scarred face. Isonei reached out to traced the curved scar around his left eye, before moving her fingers lower to trace over his dark lips that bore thin scars as if they'd been split often. "Who would want to hit such a beautiful face?"

His lips curved and he laughed, his face flushing slightly. "Compared to yours it's rough and coarse." His eyes moved over her face as if he were trying to memorize it, his fingers brushed lightly down from her forehead to her chin. "Exquisite."

Leaning in, Isonei kissed him gently letting him be the one to deepen the kiss, when he pulled away she murmured, "The wine doesn't taste as harsh on your lips."

"Woman, you are too much of a temptation." He pulled her into his lap.

She smiled and studied his face as he held her looking almost enthralled. "What made you change your mind?" 

The Torgan's lips twisted and he bowed his head slightly. "About drinking with you or holding you?"

"Both." She brushed a stray black hair back from his face. "You hadn't intended on drinking at all tonight, had you?"

His eyes were glittering again. "I had not. And then I saw you looking so delicate and lost. Pale blue skin in the moonlight, hair as silver as your gown. It made me consider it." She leaned against his chest, breathing against his neck. "When you said bedding me was not a requirement it was a relief... but I now wish that it was." He squeezed her as he spoke the last words.

She laughed and kissed his neck playfully. "If it was a requirement this would be a very different holiday and not half as much fun. But I like you and I am very willing if you're sure you want to." She lifted her head and looked into his dark eyes again. "Your people have a reputation for prudishness and shyness. I don't want to push you and have you regret the night."

The Torgan's face darkened, his lips turned down and his nose wrinkled. "Prudish and shy." He made a half growling scoffing sound in his throat. "Yours have a reputation for being harlots and..." he brought himself up short looking uncomfortable, his grip on her had loosened.

"And that's what I meant. If you go to bed with me you might wake in the morning wishing you'd been more chaste. The first one of your friends who teases you for going to bed with a harlot and you'll curse ever having met me." She smiled sadly and stroked his face. "You did a kindness for me and I will do the same for you." Isonei stood and moved to a chair leaving him stunned.

"Am I so easy to resist?" He looked almost hurt. 

"No. It isn't that. Desire isn't a lack of control, it's a choice." She curled her legs under her and leaned over the arm of the chair. "If it wouldn't scandalize and appall you I would let you feel for yourself-" The sharp knocking on the door startled her and cut off her words.

He stood and moved stiffly to the door. She heard him speaking sharply with someone in the hall in a low hushed tone and when he returned he looked profoundly unhappy. 

"If you wish to leave..." He waved his hand.

"I'm here for the night, remember?" She smiled at him.

"And I can't touch you." He slumped onto the sofa and put his head in his hands. "The most beautiful creature I've seen, in my rooms for the night, and I cannot touch her."

The sight pulled her heart strings and she uncurled herself and knelt on the floor in front of him touching his hands. "I need you to be sure, sure of what you want and sure that you won't wake regretting it."

Lifting his head from his hands he reached out and took hold of her face. "The only regret I can imagine would be not bedding you."

She smiled wryly. "I've never understood what your people have against women with experience, do you find sparring with men who've never picked up a sword to be exhilarating?" 

He began to laugh as he looked at her intently. "I have never been surer of anything in my life." 

Isonei gave him a nod and let him help to her feet and lead her to the bedroom. The Torgan lit a lamp and pulled the drapes closed. 

"You should leave them open." She suggested, slipping out of her shoes. "When the sun rises I have to leave." 
