 (This one is a bit more story heavy.)

Isonei woke to Draeseth kissing her neck and moving his hand over her as if touching her for the first time. There was a bright line on the wall that told her the sun had risen and was shining brightly through the barely parted drapes. 

"My Isonei." The Torgan murmured pressing himself urgently against her again.

"My Draeseth." She pulled his hand to her lips to kiss his finger tips. "My flower wine."

"You stayed." He rubbed his eagerness between her cheeks. "For me."

Laughing she pulled his hand down as she had the night before. "I was ready for you last night, you have to start again this morning." Turning her head to smile at him, "And you made certain I was going to sleep well, I think." She ran her foot up his leg as he nipped her shoulder and growled.

"You want to tease me, my jewel, but I need to hear you say it." Draeseth rubbed her roughly and pushed his leg between her thighs. 

Isonei gasped and clung to his arm. "My flower wine, I chose. I chose when I went to sleep." His roughness softened. "Don't be so rough with me. I chose to stay with you." She kissed his arm.

"Forgive me." He pulled back and she turned to face him.

"I tease too much." Isonei smiled at him as she touched his face and wrapped a strand of his black hair around her finger. "I noticed last night that you can be rough, there is nothing to forgive."

"I will get used to your teasing and I will try to be more gentle." Draeseth looked as if he were afraid she would bolt from the room.

Kissing him tenderly, she tried to reassure him, "I'm here because I want to be, Draeseth. I'm not going to run from you." 

He pressed his face to hers and pulled her tight against him. "You want to be?"

"You asked for a chance." Isonei ran her hand over his shoulder. "You are beautiful, magnificent, my Draeseth. And as afraid as I am to be bound for a year," she took a deep breath, "you are the only one who has ever made me consider it. I want to be with you."

"Woman." His kiss was ravenous, deep and demanding. Pushing her onto her back he broke the kiss and moved to her throat. 

The sharp knock on the open bedroom door brought his head up and she saw the rage on his face. Her Draeseth had a temper. He turned to the figure in the doorway and snarled his command, "Get OUT!"

"Your presence has been requested, your Highness. And it's past time for the," she heard the hesitation and disdain as he continued, "woman to go."

"Who requests my presence?" Draeseth turned back to her and began covering her face in light kisses making her want to laugh.

"King Tamnaeuth, your highness." Draeseth stilled.

There was a silence and Isonei could feel by the way he was holding on to her that he didn't want to let go. "I should go home and change, and I'll need to speak to my father." She kissed him sweetly. "Go, you'll see me soon enough. I don't want you to get bored of me in the first day." She couldn't resist teasing him just a little.

"No." He looked as though she had suggested they spend the year in separate rooms. "You will remain by my side. I will have something found for you to wear, my jewel. You won't leave my sight until I'm certain this is not a dream." He stroked her hair and looked at her with an almost bemused smile. "Krouth, find Lady Isonei a dress suitable for an audience with the King, and have a bath for us drawn."

There was a pause before the man spoke, "Of course." 

"He didn't sound pleased," Isonei whispered to Draeseth. 

The Torgan began to laugh. "I haven't known Krouth to ever be pleased, my jewel. But he is loyal." He reluctantly rolled off of her and lay on his back, Isonei took the opportunity to stretch as he continued, "I will speak to him about being more respectful, his tone was-" 

He stopped speaking as she climbed on top of him and straddled his chest, looking down at him. She wiggled her toes, digging them playfully into his sides making him wriggle beneath her and grab her feet. "You said you needed to be certain this isn't a dream." 

"I am still uncertain." He moved his hands up her legs and rubbed her thighs. "Until I have you back in Torga, I will not believe such a perfect creature could have chosen me."

Isonei shook her head curling her fingers in the dark hair on his chest. "My flower wine, if you get any sweeter I may think you've turned to honey."

His deep breath lifted her. "Woman."

"You'll need to be able to say more than that if you're going to speak with the King." She gave him an impish grin as he growled at her. "I can help get the blood flowing other places."

"Can you?" Draeseth squeezed her hips trying to pull her forward.

Leaning forward she bent and kissed him gently nipping his lower lip as she pulled away. "Mm, will you let me?" The sound he made was half growl half groan and she could feel it rumbling from his chest beneath her. "I love the sounds you make." She murmured against his jaw as she kissed her way to his neck and down to his shoulder. His hands were kneading the backs of her thighs.

"Woman. I need." Urgently, Draeseth tried to move her hips down to where he needed them to be.

"You don't have time to make me ready and still be able to get your pleasure, my flower wine." Isonei laughed softly into his chest, kissing it and rubbing her face in the hair delightedly. "Let me move?"

His hands slowly released her and his breathing was already unsteady as she kissed her way down to his impressive member. She moaned softly letting him hear her enjoyment as she kissed and licked her way up from the base to the head and couldn't stifle her giggle as he throbbed in her hands and groaned lifting his hips. 

"You laugh, woman. I can't take more of your teasing." His hands knotted in her hair.

Breathlessly, against the tip, she murmured, "You'll take it and you'll like it, my flower wine." She kissed and licked the tip, making her tongue dance over it, sucking it into her mouth as she stroked from the base to just behind the head with firm even strokes.

Draeseth tried to force her mouth further down his shaft, his hips thrusting as he panted and groaned out his pleasure, unable to form any words that she could recognize. Isonei took one hand from his shaft and began to massage and gently squeeze his balls, letting him try to fit as much as she could take into her mouth, even though it forced her jaw open uncomfortably wide. She moaned and pressed her tongue to the underside of his shaft, letting him feel the vibrations and pressure as he pulled back and pushed in again and again. He called out her name as he began to release into her mouth. Massaging his thighs, she stayed where she was until his hands unknotted and she slowly, carefully lifted her head.

"Isonei, woman. You." He was trying to catch his breath and she lay on top of his chest to kiss him.

He rolled and pinned her. "You are mine."

She laughed and smiled up at him, "And for a year, you are mine."

At the mention of the year his face fell and his eyes began to glitter. "At the end of the year, you'll be my wife. I will make you mine, Isonei." A polite cough from the doorway made Draeseth close his eyes and collect himself.

"The bath is ready and the Princess Daeira has graciously offered a dress." 

"The bath is ready?" Draeseth brought himself up to kneeling between her thighs and turned to frown at Krouth. "So soon?"

"Do you not have running water in Torga?" Isonei sat up looking at him with amusement and curiosity. 

"No, Lady Isonei, King Orgath wished to have such a thing installed in the palace but it proved difficult, and too easy for assassins to manipulate." The tall slim Torgan in the doorway looked sour and annoyed. 

"No... no running water? How do you get clean?" She looked at Draeseth horrified and he looked as though he were trying not to laugh.

"The same as you, only more slowly, my silver Aran jewel." He rose from the bed and held out his hand.

Isonei took it still contemplating a year without running water. "Doesn't the water get cold before the pool is filled?"

"Tub, my jewel. We do not fill a pool for a bath." Her mouth was open in horrified realization, only a small tub to bathe in for a year. Draeseth closed her mouth with a finger under her chin. "If it is too great a hardship I will see what can be done."

"You may have to, your Highness, Arans bathe every day. The servants will revolt if they have to draw a bath so often." Krouth stepped from the doorway moving back into the other rooms.

"You don't bathe every day?" Isonei looked up at the Torgan in dismayed bafflement. 

He began to laugh and pulled her after him through the rooms to the small private bath. The round sunken pool was steaming and the oils and soaps stood along the edge. Isonei lifted the stoppers from a few of the oils, smelling them before choosing two to add to the water. The small room began to smell of spices and and the rich sweet smell of vaina pods. She looked up and noticed Draeseth staring at her hips with a self-satisfied smile. Looking down she noticed the marks from his iron grip the night before, dark blue fingerprints on her hips and thighs.

"I told you I'd noticed that you were rough, but I hadn't realized you'd bruised me." She shook her head and smiled up at him wryly.

"What was it you said to me, my jewel? 'You'll take it and you'll like it.'" His eyes were glittering as he grinned wolfishly down at her.

She could feel her face flushing, "I don't have any complaints about last night, so I suppose that is true." Isonei laughed as he blushed and his cock began to twitch back to life. "In the bath! Or you'll never make it to the King." Slipping into the deliciously hot water, she beckoned to him.

He entered the water cautiously, and the level rose until it nearly spilled over the side. Turning her back to choose soaps for her hair and skin, he wrapped his arms around her from behind and began kissing her neck. "You told me to be gentle more than once last night."

"Mmm, and you listened when I did, how can I complain about that?" Her thighs parted as he moved one hand lower and began to press and carefully rub. "Draeseth," she caressed his arm down to his hand, "yes, like that."

"I need to be inside you. You are too great a temptation." His words were half growled into her ear as she moved her hips against his hand.

"Let me turn?" Her face was flushed as he let her turn in his arms, "I'd make you do it right but I want you inside me." She grinned up at his lustful, amused expression. Isonei wrapped her arms around his neck and hooked one leg over his hip, letting him guide himself in and slowly thrust to sink it inside her snug, welcoming sex as she kissed his throat and lifted herself on her toes to wantonly roll her hips. "My flower wine." 

His grip on her hips tightened almost painfully. "Woman." Draeseth moved urgently, the water began to splash over the sides of the pool and he braced himself with one arm to keep from crushing her against the stones. His urgency was heady, it made her feel powerful and giddy when he acted as if he couldn't control himself. She bore down on him deliberately wanting to push him further and he pulled her other leg up and pushed her against the stones. "Isonei, my Isonei." 

"Nnnnn, Draeseth!" Isonei dug her fingers into his shoulders, "Turn! Your back against the wall." He growled as he obeyed. "Lean. Mmnn, please. Lean." He leaned back slightly and she let him keep hold of her hips as she pressed her toes into the stones and rocked her hips to his rhythm. She moved her hands over his chest enjoying the feel of him inside her and under her fingers. He felt deeper than he had the night before but after the almost painful depth he'd had a moment ago it was almost perfection. "Yes, mmn. Yes, my Draeseth." She couldn't help feeling just a hint of disappointment when he began releasing inside her already. Bending forward she kissed the tattoo over his heart.

He slowly pulled back, "You didn't," he turned her face up to look at her, "You didn't enjoy it?"

"I enjoyed it, but not as much as you." She teased him gently. "I like the way you feel but it takes a little more for me. What did you think I meant when I said I wasn't making you do it right?" Blinking at the angry look on his face, "Why are you angry?"

"I want to make you feel the same pleasure." He lifted her out of the water and sat her on the edge of the pool.

"You will! When you have more time, my flower wine." She kissed him sweetly as he pushed her thighs apart and wrapped his arms around her. As he broke the kiss she reminded him with an impish grin, "You did a skillful job of it last night."

"I will make time, my jewel. If I cannot keep you pleased you will leave me." He angled her hips, tipping her backward, making her brace herself on her arms.

"No! Draeseth!" The Torgan pressed his mouth to her sex as if he intended to take a bite of it and she tried to pull away. "I am not going to-" He growled, sending a shiver up her spine at the sensation. "I'm not going to leave you. I don't want you to do this if that's your reason. Please." Draeseth stopped, giving her a lost look but not pulling away from her. She tried to sit up, bracing herself on one arm and stroked his hair. "You have no reason to be afraid of me leaving. I am here, I am with you because I want to be."

He straightened and lifted her, pulling her back into the water. "That makes me want to please you more, I want you to look at me and-" Isonei put her arms around his neck and pulled herself up, wrapping her legs around his waist as she cut off his words with an ardent kiss. His hands roamed up and down her back before settling on and squeezing her cheeks. When she broke the kiss she covered his lips with small giddy kisses.

"I look at you and I see the magnificent man I want to spend a year with. Now bathe with me and if you behave yourself in front of the King I might let you do it right when we get back to your rooms." She grinned wickedly enjoying the way his skin darkened as he blushed.

"Woman, I am going to make you scream my name until you are hoarse." Draeseth kissed her roughly and then trailed biting kisses down her neck as she laughed and squirmed in his grip.

The pointed cough at the doorway, was enough to make Draeseth release her reluctantly and as much as she wanted to help him wash she knew that would make the bath take longer. Isonei smiled at him as he watched her rinsing the soap from her skin longingly. "Tomorrow, if we have time, I'll let you help me bathe if you'll let me help you."

"Tomorrow, I will insist on it." His dark eyes were glittering again and she went to him for a kiss. As he broke it he murmured, "If you don't put on clothes we will never make it to the King."

Isonei stole another kiss and rose from the bath feeling his eyes on her as she pulled down a thick towel and began to rub herself dry. He waited in the pool despite her curious look. "Go dress. If I come close enough to touch you we will be hours yet." She bit her lip and had to fight the temptation to rejoin him in the pool. Draeseth seemed to read her face. "Don't, woman. Go dress."

With a sigh she wrapped the towel around her and peered out of the bath looking for Krouth. The man was standing in the bedroom doorway glowering. "You have a dress for me?" Isonei asked with a tentative smile.

He gestured into the bedroom. The drapes had been opened and the bed stripped and remade a gown of grey with intricate white embroidery covering the bodice from the round neck to the waist. Isonei looked at it closely, the sleeves and skirts were split to show brilliant white beneath the grey when they moved. She would have to be certain to thank Daeira for the lend with some of her father's wine.

"Princess Daeira sent undergarments as well, I tried to refuse them but I was told it is the custom to wear nearly nothing under the gowns for the festival." His tone was unmistakably disapproving.

"That is true, and what I was wearing ended up being torn." She flushed at the memory, "I think he might have been a bit impatient." Isonei glanced around, "Where are the undergarments?" 

"Under the dress, Lady Isonei. I would not leave them out to be seen." Krouth looked appalled at the thought.

"But... you're standing here as I'm about to dress?" She tilted her head and the slim Torgan's eyes widened. He nearly bolted from the room and she had to bite the inside of her lip to keep from laughing.

Lifting the dress, careful not to wrinkle it, she pulled out the white chemise and silk stockings. It wasn't everything a lady would usually wear but it would suffice. Slipping into them and then into the dress, she realized she would need help to fasten it. Isonei could hear Krouth and Draeseth speaking in the other room and heard the sounds of Draeseth dressing. 

She decided to wait for him to finish and managed to find a brush on his vanity to put through her still damp hair. Looking in the small boxes littering top of it, she found silver hair pins and managed to twist and pin her hair up into something that could almost pass as acceptable. She frowned at her reflection in the small mirror. They probably wouldn't be looking at her hair too closely, the dark blue marks on her neck would be attracting more attention.

A sharp intake of breath made her turn her head, Draeseth was standing two steps into the room staring. "I need someone to help me fasten the dress in the back." She smiled wryly. "I thought I might try to do something with my hair while I was waiting for you to dress."

Krouth brushed past him and gestured brusquely for her to stand. Isonei stood patiently as the man deftly closed the back of her dress. "Now you should both be ready." His tone implied that they had been waiting on her.

"Thank you for helping me, Krouth." Isonei watched as the man blinked at her and looked to Draeseth in confusion.

"Aran manners, you were sharp with her and she thinks she needs to be nice to you," Draeseth smirked. "I will have to teach her otherwise."

"You have completely misunderstood Aran manners, my flower wine." She looked at him with amusement. "And I still need to find my shoes."

"I have them by the door, Lady Isonei." Krouth sounded stiff but more polite.

"Thank you." She gave him a smile. The man looked as though he might bolt from the room again.

Draeseth was watching her intently. "My silver Aran jewel, you look exquisite."

Her cheeks flushed as she let her eyes move over him, his doublet was black with subtly embroidered, dark green vines covering his shoulders and appearing between the split panels of his black pants. Isonei moved toward him to rest a hand on his chest, "I have never seen a man so breathtaking in black, my Draeseth."

And insistent pounding came from the door to the rooms and Draeseth glowered in that direction. "Come, my Isonei. It is time to be seen."

She smiled wryly and nodded letting him lead the way. Draeseth stopped several paces in front of the door and Krouth hurriedly brought her shoes and his tall black boots before he stood waiting for the signal to open the door. Once they were on and Draeseth had draped Isonei's arm around his left forearm, he gave a curt nod and the door was opened. Three large and annoyed Torgan's looked into the rooms and one stepped forward.

"What in the seven pits of hell is taking so long, Draes...eth." The Torgan in deep red looked at Isonei and then at Draeseth in bafflement. "How?"

A voice sighed, "This would be why we were summoned and could not be seen without Draeseth." Isonei couldn't tell which of the two in the doorway had spoken with the one in red blocking her view. 

"Lady Isonei, I would have you meet my brothers, Ougath, and Burgath. And our cousin, Shoban."

"Princes Ougath and Burgath of Torga, and Duke Shoban of the Torga Moccur." The one in red corrected him sharply.
