 Jake was so tired, it felt as if someone had squeezed the energy out of him. Try as he might, he was fighting a losing battle to stay conscious, damn Jake thought, aren't I supposed to have an almost an over abundance of energy because of having two Jinns? 

Rashala had moved next to Jake, she wanted to ask him if she could also be his Jinn, but how to breech the subject? She'd never heard of a master having three Jinns and as far as she knew a Jinn couldn't ask a master to take her. Problem was every time she opened her mouth to ask, nothing could or would come out. Maybe she could get Gen to ask, obviously she wasn't allowed no matter how bad she wanted to.

"Rashmir," Jake started, "I need to rest, this has taken a hell of a lot more out of me than I had at first thought."

"Yes Master Jake," Rashmir stated, "I will go to the council and see if there is any more information on the disembodied ones that you haven't received yet. I'll return soon." After Rashmir left Jake went to lay down Gen watched him leave a look of worry on her face.

"Rosalinda," Gen said, "I am worried about master Jake, it appears that he and we are being almost forced to derive pleasure from each other. Though nothing pleases me more, even with our protection I am afraid master is being drained."

"Yes," Rosalinda added, "I did feel as if I was strongly compelled to take master Jake. I also felt as if master was being drained, what can we do sister?"

"Let me talk to father and I'll let you know." Gen said right before she vanished.

In her mother and father's room, Gen awaited her father, she had much to ask him, she needed answers so she and Rosalinda could help their master. Moments later Rasmir came in, a look of extreme concern on his face. "Can you be away from your master long daughter?" He asked.

"Yes father, for a short time," she answered, then she outlined exactly what she and Rosalinda had seen and felt. Rasmir thought long and hard, talking to the other council members at times, finally with an answer Gen kissed her father good bye and returned. Implementing the plan that she and Rosalinnda had come up with was going to take time but it would most definitely help. 

Jake, in the mean time was out as soon as his head hit the pillow, problem is the dreams started almost as soon.m"I hope you remember me," Sheeka stated moving toward Jake. "In here, I can be everything and anything to you, let me pleasure you, please master Jake!"

God he was tired, shaking his self he thought, 'that still was no excuse for taking advantage in a dream even one as sexual as this one.' "I realize that you can but I can not take advantage of you even in a dream. As I said before, you owe me nothing, I release you from any debt you owe me."

Sheeka could only blink what? Again he'd rejected her, and again the warm feeling was starting in her chest oh dear! It was wonderful she'd never felt this... screaming she realized that she'd almost slipped again and vanished.

In the cave the mist and Tankena were awaiting Sheeka's return though they didn't expect her to actually turn Jake the information she got would help none the less. Screaming as she appeared Tankena immediately started to drain the information from her, then a sadistic twisted smile lit his face.

Reaching out he began to torture Sheeka 'til the mist intervened, "hold, she is the first and strongest to ever be almost reversed turned, we need to study this so it can't happen again." Tankena only nodded though a burning hatred was starting in his chest of the leader.

Jake awoke still tired and somewhat drained, god he thought I wish I was never this tired ever again. Too late he realized what he'd just thought as he felt energy begin to creep up his body. Damn it! I wasn't looking to have this happen. 

Thinking fast he realized he'd have to make this wish carefully, thinking he wished he wasn't as tired right now and that he DIDN'T want his last wish to effect him at all. Crossing his fingers he felt the energy crawl up his legs then fill him. Well he wasn't as tired but he was still tired maybe he'd got it in time. Rising he was met at the door by both Gen and Rosalinda both wearing a look of extreme concern on their faces.

"Master Jake are you well?" Rosalinda asked.

"We felt you undo a wish, most brilliantly I might add master Jake," Gen said a look of pride now on her face. Though she wondered how? It usually took masters many, many years to learn that, if they survived that long.

Rashala came forward as soon as Gen appeared though she'd have to wait for her to finish with her master. Rashala looked at her aunt and master feeling a deep emptiness she missed having a master of her own. It made for lonely nights even if she was locked in her bottle, at least she'd have a master, but this way it was almost unbearable the absolute loneliness of having no one to serve or be with. 

Gen was walking into the room with Jake when she noticed Rashala standing near a corner of the room a look of pain? Or was it something else on her face.

"My dear niece Rashala," Gen stated when she walked to her, "what seems to be ailing you? You appear to be in a lot of pain is there anything I can do? Do you need the doctor?"

Rashala tried to open her mouth but the words wouldn't come out, a bigger look of pain crossed her face causing even more concern. Gen looked closer and saw that the young Jinn was trying to speak, there were only a few things that could keep her quiet like this. It wasn't her master as she no longer had one, it wasn't the council for she hadn't heard any plans of theirs as yet, there was nothing still effecting her from the mist so... of course!

"Rashala, you like our master very much, but the first law of the Jinn has your voice frozen. I will speak to Rosalinda and see if she agrees with me." Rashala's eyes were releasing huge tears of relief, nodding at her aunt as she went to find Rosalinda.

Moments later Rosalinda walked up to Rashala and smiled, "I would be proud to add you to our sisterhood of master Jake. It all will depend on his answer, but as Gen said he is an extremely kind and thoughtful master I am sure he'd have no problem taking you also. 

Rashala's eyes again grew large but it was unheard of for a master to have three Jinns the fact that he had two was rare enough but three? Plus the fact that she was a warrior and not a sex Jinn probably would anger him. No matter how she thought of it, she could see no way out for her self. Soon the council would reseal her in her bottle and it would be a very long time before she saw the sun again.

Jake had just sat down to eat when Gen walked in to talk to him. "Master, I know that having two Jinns is tiring to you, for that I and Rosalinda humbly beg your forgiveness. You have restored life to both of us."

Jake nodded he knew she was up to something though he wasn't sure what. In the past sure it was a little stressful but their powers had helped him to over come them. Sighing he knew if he didn't say something she'd go on like this for days with the praise. 

"Alright Gen, I know you want help with something or permission for something. Out with it we don't have the time for all this remember we have that damn party tonight." Jake replied.

"But master Jake I was only...," Gen started again.

"Save it Gen what is it this time?" Jake asked not sure if he was going to like this or not. 

"It's about Rashala, she is without a master. By the first law of the Jinn without her bottle she can not ask anyone to be her master. She wishes to serve you, but understands she is a warrior and not a sex Jinn." Gen replied

"Ok, so what exactly does this mean for me?" Jake stated.

Here Gen took a breath she hoped she wasn't wrong about her master, "Rashala wishes to become your Jinn also." Here Gen was holding her breath expecting Jake to explode or worse banish her. She looked up when she heard him start to laugh, "Master Jake are you alright?"

"Here I thought it was something bad, Gen," he said suddenly serious, "with all the knowledge in my head I can tell you that no one has ever had three Jinns, at least none that has lived. The council would have to convene and decide there is more to this than just me. Plus the fact that I would have to command all three of you at least once a day. I'm not sure I can especially with a warrior Jinn, but," Jake said at the sorrowful look on Gen's face, "we will see, ok?"

Jake reached into his shirt and rubbed the little bottle thinking of the council. The council was already convened waiting on him when all four of them arrived.

"I assume you know why I am here," Jake started. "I have been assured by my first two Jinns that they are providing me with more than enough energy to keep going. I am not as sure I therefore have asked the council for their ruling before I can even think of accepting this request."

Once again all twelve of the council members smiled at the respect and consideration that Jake had shown. They'd called forth the doctor asking his evaluation, though it only took moments Jake felt as if it was a lifetime. 

"I have examined all three Jinns, plus I examined the effect of their powers on Master Jake. Though at first Jake might be a little more tired a simple wish could cure that. I feel that Master Jake's heart would be made more whole if he accepts her. Be warned Jake, be fair, be gentle, and be as wise as you have been and I feel you will fair better than you ever have." With that the doctor vanished.

Each of the twelve members voted, in turn all voted for Jake becoming Rashala's master. There was a huge boom then another gong as Rashala's bottle appeared before Jake.

"Jake Freemon," the council leader started, "for the first time in history a human will command three Jinns. We know your heart is pure as are your thoughts. Command them well, oh master Jake."

Taking Rashala's bottle, Jake looked at Rashala, she was looking down. "Please don't be ashamed, I will try to care for you as best I can, now then take us home!" With a slight stirring of the wind they were gone. 

"I hope this doesn't come back to hurt us or Master Jake," the council leader said.

"Nor do I," Rashmir said, " nor do I."

The three appeared in Jake's house it seemed only moments after leaving. Jake sat Rashala's bottle next to Rosalinda's thinking he had to soon release them from their slavery to their bottles. I have to be sure he thought sure before I release them on a unsuspecting world. All three could see he was wrestling with some inner problem and knew better than to disturb him before he worked it out. 

It was a moment later that Jake thought about the party tonight, sighing he knew there was no way around it. He'd just turned when his gaze caught Rashala's.

"Master Jake," she said though it sounded somewhat shaky, "I have been without a very long time. When you and your Jinns released me I felt the love you poured into it. Please master Jake I want to feel just a little of that!"

Laying back on the bed she readied her self for him, Jake was worried about the mist as were the others. All three concentrated erecting a barrier around the house. Feeling better Jake slowly crawled between Rashala's legs, licking his way up her legs to her sparsely covered slit. Each inch he crept closer had her shivering in anticipation, reaching the junction of her legs he began to softly kiss her lips edging ever closer to the core of her womanhood.

Rashala was floating she'd never felt anything as beautiful as what master Jake was doing to her. Then he was covering her sex sucking on the hood loving her clit! The sensations were about to drive her mad then she felt the build up. Oh the glorious feeling that was building higher and higher. Suddenly she felt as if she were flung from her body climbing higher reaching to a summit she'd never known before. Then she was gently floating back to her master Jake. 

Begging him to stop she asked him to make her complete. Jake though not sure asked her if this was what she really wanted, Yes! She said begging Jake to take her and make her complete. Moving up between her legs he gently began to ease his cock into her opening. He was half way when he stopped feeling her tense up.

"I do not wish to hurt you Rashala, if I am I will withdraw." Jake said.

"NO! No master please!" With that Rashala thrust up burying almost all of the rest of his cock deep in her. She had closed her eyes thinking it was going to hurt badly but to her amazement it not only didn't hurt but was more than pleasurable!

Jake was surprised he'd slid in that easily, when she'd not issued any sound of pain he knew she was alright. Slowly he started to slowly withdraw to her small whines, then heard her huge sigh as he slowly pressed back into her. Slowly at first then faster he could hear her breathing start to increase with his speed and depth. Rashala was in heaven she'd never felt pleasure like this, by the great Jinn what was this feeling she felt growing in her more wonderful than the first. 

She could hear Jake starting to breathe harder and faster she could feel his excitement. Then she felt his manhood grow harder and with a final deep push felt the hot liquid flow from him into her. It was all she needed as she and Jake were suddenly alone at the crest of their pleasure, sharing this feeling with him was more wondrous than anything she'd ever felt. 

Coming down she began to wonder if she too was falling in love with Jake as his first 2 Jinns had. Gen and Rosalina could only smile they knew what she was feeling, walking over to them Gen whispered in Rashala's ear, "Welcome to our sisterhood Rashala, welcome."

Rashala looked at Jake then her self they both seemed to be glowing, "Master Jake?" Rashala asked, "is it always like this?"

"I can't answer that Rashala, but I am sure that Gen and Rosalinda could." Jake said, not really having an answer for her.

"No," Gen and Rosalinda stated, "Most of the time it is better and different." They both smiled.

Rashala's eyes grew wide, "I can have this whenever I want?"

"More like when master Jake wants it though, he does on many occasions, he does help us when we need him, if not we also have each other." Gen said.

"He doesn't forbid this?" Rashala's eyes grew even larger.

"No, actually he encourages it," Rosalinda smiled.

Rashala started to kiss Jake as if her life depended on it, damn thought Jake she's a hell of a lot sexier up close.

The dark mist had tried to get through the wall for an hour, there seemed to be a barrier of some kind but only warriors coul..., Rashala the bitch! Well they'd use her as a pleasure toy when the evil ones were released, soon the leader thought, soon.