 This story is a bit wordy and fairly long, so if you are looking for immediate gratification, you might want to look elsewhere.

The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between these character and events and any real person or events is strictly coincidental . . . and pretty darn impressive seeing as it is a science fiction story. Do not reproduce or copy this story without the consent of the author.

This story is based in an alternative universe, where history took a different course than the one depicted in my other stories. It also takes place at a fictional town in Colorado called Crystal Pass and a fictional school called Four Corners University.

The following story contains lesbian sexual activity.

Proofread by "hkf999"

---------- 

"An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind."

~ Mahatma Gandhi

---------- 

Heda was not exactly proud of herself for throwing up, but some things simply could not be helped. She had followed her brother to the scene where a mysterious kidnapper had "released" his second victim. By the time she had arrived, the young man was in an ambulance, but there were plenty of pictures. Edgar had been handed a digital camera and had gone through the whole card. Heda, looking over his shoulder, had gotten about twelve slides before she vacated the contents of her stomach into a trash can. It made her fell slightly better when she realized she was not the first one to do so.

The former captive, an arachnid shifter who's name was not yet being released, had been found naked with his arms handcuffed behind him around a lamppost. He had been on his knees, and his legs had looked impossibly cramped. His legs were coated with feces and he had smelled so bad that it still lingered. He was gaunt, looking as if he had been barely fed since his captivity began and he had only been given enough water to survive. From the neck down, he was otherwise unharmed, but it were the pictures above the neck . . . those were what made Heda ill. The man's tongue had been cut in half from the tip all the way to the base, giving it a savagely serpentine look. All his teeth had been torn out and the skin flayed from his cheeks. 

And he had been found with a strange contraption attached to his neck area. It was a long metal rod with two-pointed prongs on each end and was about a foot long. One end had been shove up into the bottom of his chin while the other end pressed into his upper chest, and the entire device had been secured by a long leather strap that had wound around his neck, preventing anyone from opening his mouth to survey the damage until it was finally cut away. 

"You okay?" Ed asked when his sister returned after composing herself.

"No, I don't think I am," she whispered. "What he did to Carla was bad enough, but this . . . this guy isn't just going to go away is he?"

"No, I don't think he is. They're going to start bringing in a lot bigger guns than me, considering the way this guy is escalating."

"Can I see them again?"

"I don't think . . oh hell, we're drawing a crowd. There's no way we're going to keep this from freaking out the human population now."

"Let me help. Please?"

Ed sighed. He knew that his sister did not like feeling helpless or weak, and she had displayed a little of both in recent moments. "You've got your role to play, and I've got mine." He looked around. "I'll talk to you about it later." 

She looked angry about it, but was not going to argue. "Whoever it is, letting him go in front of the medical center? You think it means something?"

"That he's a sick son of a bitch? Listen, I gotta go talk to the guy who found him. I'll swing by the dorm later, okay?" 

Heda watched as her big brother went to a young man sitting forlornly on the steps of the medical center. She recognized him as the same guy who was working the front when Madison was getting patched up. His job was not getting any easier. The ring of cops closed in and Heda was on the outside looking in. There were human police involved this time, so Heda was effectively just another student to them. She walked away from the gathering crowd, her heart thumping angrily in her chest. She needed to vent and let off some steam, but she apparently was not going to get a chance. Her Neighborhood Watch phone was going off. It was time for a meeting.

She got to the volleyball stadium quickly to find that this was not an all-hands meeting, but rather just the leadership. Reichert was there and looking tired, along with a few others. 

"Miss Adler, you were at the crime scene?" the Reptile King asked quickly and sharply. 

"Yes. Human cops got involved, but Edgar is still there. He'll fill us in when he can get away. It's bad your Majesty. Really bad."

"I heard you lost your lunch," came an incredibly annoying voice. Alvin Hannity stood in the doorway with a cocky grin. "Apparently the big bird bitch's daughter ain't as tough as she claims."

Heda could tolerate a lot of things, but she was still feeling angry at herself for her reaction at the scene, and this ass-hat had just insulted her mother.

"This is not the . . . oh hell," Reichert growled shortly after Heda launched herself across the room.

Alvin got into a fighting stance and the air around him began to shift. Heda noticed and began her own transformation. 

"Stop!" Reichert said, forgetting for a moment that neither of them could hear him while shifting. It was a time of crisis, and he was about to have a shifter brawl on his hands.

Alvin was able to transform first. Wings erupted from his back, while his humanoid head grew bat-like ears and his mouth filled with teeth. Claws erupted from his hands and toes, in the latter case puncturing through his shoes. A layer of brown hair covered his body, and he let out a dreadful shriek.

Heda had remembered to kick her own shoes off first, but her shirt was still ruined when her great feathery wings erupted from her back. Her entire head was replaced by that of a great eagle, and her legs from the knee down tapered into the familiar legs and taloned feet of a bird of prey. Feathers covered every inch of skin, and she met the shriek of the bat with her own battle cry. 

"Crap!" Peter said, having chosen that moment to arrive. "This is gonna get ugly."

Alvin leaped on his adversary, but Heda blocked his hands to the outside before laying a punch into his midsection. He growled a response, then lashed out at her leg with his own taloned foot, raking her across the thigh. Heda was to angry to even invoke her Gift, but was not so wounded as to go down easily. She leaped upward, kneeing Alvin in the face as she went, then aimed her deadly foot towards his head.

The fight ended almost as quickly as it started. While the two combatants were distracted, the Reptile King had also shifted forms, but had gone into full beast mode rather than the half-forms of the other two. Suddenly, there was a fifty-foot long extinct crocodile between Alvin and Heda. His might tail pinned the were-bat to the ground while that massive mouth turned and bellowed a warning at Heda. Otherwise, the gym had gone completely quiet. 

Heda was so pissed that she was seeing red, but one did NOT challenge a monarch unless you were damn sure you could win or were no longer all that interested in breathing. Gifted or not, the head of the flesh emperor crocodile was as big as she was. Heda landed, but kept her angry glare focused on Alvin. A couple of Alvin's supporters had shown up and were trying to coax him into returning to human form. Peter stood between Reichert's jaws and Heda.

"He's not worth it," Peter replied. "Alvin is not worth getting kicked out of school, much less dying for. C'mon, shift back." He smiled. "This may be my one and only chance to see you naked. You wouldn't deny a man that, would you?"

Heda gave him as dirty a look as her eagle features could muster, then glanced back at Alvin. Slowly, the feathers and wings were absorbed back into her skin, and the rest of her body eased back into its human shape. Her sweatpants were still good, though her shirt and bra were pretty much ruined. Luckily she had her gym bag with her, so she could at least put on her uniform top.

"What the hell happened?" Madison asked meekly. She saw Alvin still pinned by giant crocodile tail and could not help but smile. She had been surprised to get the call to join the proceeding, but was more surprised by the proceedings themselves. 

Billy, Madison's escort for the evening, looked around. "Shit happened."

Madison looked up at him, then rolled her eyes. "Is that your official, highly intellectualized deduction?"

He shrugged. "It's the best I could do on such short notice."

Confident that things were back under control, Reichert shifted back. His entire wardrobe was a lost cause, so he was quite nude when back in human form. Many of the students did not seem to mind, though he was offered a pair of sweats from the locker-room. 

"Everyone but Miss Adler and Mister Hannity, go stand on the other side of the room," he said, his voice as forgiving as steel. "You two," he added, pointing at the floor in front of him. "Now. And if either of you even looks at the other, so help me I will make you both wish you had never been born." That ensured that there were four eyeballs were trained directly on him. "I have never seen such poor behavior from those with so much to offer." He started to pace. "Miss Adler, I am sure your mother raised you better than this. You are behaving like a seven-year old on a playground. Your mother waged war, not spoiled little fights, and I doubt she would throw honor to the proverbial wolves just because of the insults of a spoiled brat." 

"Wait a sec --" Alvin started to say, then was actually lifted off the ground with one of Reichert's hands around his neck. 

"You . . . don't speak. Out of respect for your father and what your family has meant to this institution, I have tolerated so very, very much from you. I have given every quarter in terms of both human and shifter law in downplaying your deplorable behavior. You have been given every opportunity to simply go your own way without punishment or repercussion. No more. You still have a Council appointment to discuss the matter of your alleged assault on Madison Sloan. Neither of you are to approach the other or the other's party between now and then. You are not to call, approach, touch, or even look for too long in one another's direction. Mister Hannity, that goes especially for Miss Sloan. Only the fact that I need both of you to help keep certain factions pointed in the right direction in this time of emergency prevents me from taking one or both of you across my knee. Got it?" 

Heda nodded, flushing a little bit with shame and anger. Alvin just looked angry and defensive. 

"I want to hear it from both of you," Reichert replied. 

"Yes sir," Heda said with what voice she had left.

"Sir --" Alvin started, then stopped when Reichert's hand squeezed. "Yes sir."

Reichert put Alvin down. "No more. There are much bigger things at stake than your egos. Now go to opposite sides of the gym and listen up."

Heda walked over to one set of bleachers and sat down, with Peter on one side and Madison on the other. 

"Hey, what happened?" Madison asked. "Which asshole started it?"

Heda snarled, "Lay off Reichert, okay? He was actually doing his job."

Madison was obviously startled. "I'm sorry. I just thought --"

"Don't think," Heda said. "Just . . . just leave me alone."

Madison's eyes teared up. 'What did I do?' she thought. Heda was trembling with anger, so Madison just scooted away and said nothing. 

"As you are probably all aware by now," Reichert started, reclaiming the room and everyone's attention, "the second victim of our mysterious kidnapper has been found, and the perpetrator has escalated the violence. So additional precautions must be taken. The humans have become involved, and I have already been informed that the FBI will be on scene if they are not already. This means that our shifter activities must be further curtailed. There are eyes everywhere, so be very careful what you say or do in public." He suffered through the first grumblings of discontent, knowing that these animals did not want to be caged. "The humans will be providing increased patrols and security, which makes some of our job easier. Unfortunately, we will also have to stifle their investigation somewhat to prevent our true natures from being revealed." He looked around, his eyes settling on one Madison Sloan.

"Miss Sloan, you and Mister Forester are the only shifters at the radio station, correct?"

She nodded. "Yes, though someone told me that one of the new day shift guys is a necromancer."

"Excellent. Do you know his name?"

"No. I haven't met him yet."

"Well I will fill him in later." Reichert grabbed some notes. "I have developed some code phrases for you to use that will also be distributed to the shifter student body. Basic instructions on where to go for future meetings and status updates, sort of like Homeland Security Notifications, but hopefully they'll actually make sense. Miss Sloan," he continued formally, "I am afraid the favor that I am going to ask of you is serious."

Madison turned paler than normal. "Yes?"

"I would like for you to increase your hours at the station. You will of course be compensated for your trouble, but we need someone who can transmit to everyone," he added, glancing at Heda. "Miss Adler was right. Your broadcasts would be much more efficient than trying to make thousands of phone calls. All shifters will be required to stay tuned to the station when in the dorms or other domiciles."

"Wait, you mean I'm on every night?"

"For the time being," Reichert replied, "at least until I can get others more aware of the situation to assist you. The spell caster will help during the day, but two of you cannot be on twenty-four seven. If it affects your class schedule, let me know and we shall make arrangements."

Madison just let out an "eep" noise while she nodded. This was a lot more responsibility than she had expected.

"Excellent. Because you are going to be a bit more public of a target, I want you to make sure that you always have a friend or two around."

Madison actively avoided looking over at Heda. When she was there, Billy was there. Hopefully that would be enough. It seems that she had outlived her welcome with Heda, and she had no idea what she had done wrong.

At the moment, Edgar Adler walked into the gymnasium and was quickly summoned up to the podium. "Hello everyone. I can't stay long, but you should all be informed of what is going on. My name is Edgar Adler, and I'm a Paranormal Private Investigator who has been brought in by the FCU Shifter Council and the North American Shifter Council to investigate these crimes. I have been given full investigative authority by both councils. Let me get to the big questions. Yes, the second victim has been found, and is in bad shape. All we know so far is that he was freezing to the touch when he was found, he had been tortured even beyond what the first victim endured, and had a device wrapped around his neck. It was identified as a Heretic's Fork."

Reichert nodded. "A device used in the Inquisition to encourage confessions of heresy. Was there an engraving?"

Ed looked surprised. "Yes."

"The word 'Abiuro'?"

"Yeah. How did you --"

"It means 'I recant.' It was etched in the side of the device, and was the only thing its wearers were allowed to speak. Someone is trying to send a message."

 "This isn't random," Edgar agreed. "This is someone's they-done-me-wrong song. Now we have to find out who is supposed to recant what."

"And why," Reichert finished. "Everyone, find your way home and remember to be safe. He has released this victim, which may mean his hunt for the next one is beginning."

"And it is likely the next one will not make it out alive," Edgar added. They needed to be scared into being careful. "If anyone wants to take a semester off, this might be a good time to think about it." He knew most would not run. Shifters had fewer and fewer places in this world to call their own, and they would not abandon one. He looked over and saw Heda sitting a bit apart from Madison, and neither of them looked happy. He had to find out what that was about.

"You can all go," Reichert said.

Heda stood up, torn between turning to Madison and just storming out. In the end, she stormed out, leaving Madison crying behind her sunglasses. Billy sighed and helped Madison to her feet while Ed took off after his sister.

"What's wrong?" he said when he caught up with her. She was standing by a tree fumbling with her cell phone. 

She didn't respond, but just scrolled down to a number and then . . . stopped. Ed looked over her shoulder.

"Why are you calling the parents?"

Heda bit her bottom lip, then, "I screwed up, Ed. I completely lost my cool and got into a half-form brawl with Alvin Hannity."

Ed raised his eyebrows. "I met him. Not that the asshole doesn't have a good ass-whooping coming his way, but --"

"He'd heard about me throwing up," she muttered. "I felt like such a pussy and then for him to bring it up . . . and he insulted Mom. I just needed to hit something and I wanted to hit him anyway. Then Reichert came down on us. Mom would be so fucking ashamed of me."

"And again, you're calling her . . . why?"

"Because she should hear about it from me. So she can just go ahead and tell me what a fuck-up I am."

At that, Ed rolled his eyes. "Horseshit. Heda, Mom thinks that the sun shines out of your ass. It's been a pain for the rest of us to compete with that. She's been expecting you to follow in her footsteps as a warrior for the avian shifters. I can't complain. I mean, it's not like she didn't love the rest of us to, but you're her baby girl."

"I'm just so bad at this whole . . . diplomacy . . . thing."

"And she was too, once upon a time. You've just never practiced because it isn't your thing. But I have it on good authority that you're faster, stronger, and a better fighter than Mom when she was your age."

"What authority?"

"Her."

That stopped Heda for a minute. "She said that?"

"Yes she did. And Dad figures that since you're just as pig-headed and headstrong as she is that you'll probably wind up either starting or finishing a war at some point."

Her mouth quirked at that. "He would say that, wouldn't he?"

"Yeah. Now, you going to tell me why your girl is crying her eyes out?"

"Crap," Heda said. "I . . . a lot has happened in the last couple of days, and she just wound up in the wrong place at the wrong time."

"Well, there might not be another place or time for the two of you if you don't explain whatever is going on to her."

Heda looked at her phone, then back at the gym. She put the phone back in her pocket and then ran back inside, but Madison and Peter were both gone. "Fuck!" She headed towards Madison's dorm, noticing that her brother was following along patiently. 

"You know that whole part about never going out alone at dark? That means you too." 

"I am such a basket case," she replied. "I mean, how is Madison supposed to know what is going on in my head if I can't even get it sorted out?"

Ed smiled. "You really dig her don't you?"

"Dude, she's cute, sexy, smart, has a sassy mouth, and she tried to kick me in the head."

 "Sounds like love at first sight to me."

"She's blind."

"Love is --"

"Don't go there."

They found themselves outside of Madison's door, hearing the murmur of voices inside. Heda raised her hand to knock, then lowered it . . . then raised it . . . then lowered it. Ed finally got tired and just knocked, putting his hand on his sister's shoulder when she attempted to flee.
