 Chapter 5

He sighed. "Breakfast?"

He wasn't sure who, but he got whapped in the back of the head.

"Okay, so how did they get in here, past the wards? I'm going to take a guess and say one of those two was a silence talent, which is why we didn't hear anything until he died. But who was the other? Is there a magic sucking talent?"

Sally said thoughtfully, "No. Perhaps a mage could have done it, and left once they got them in here. What I am wondering is who Trina is."

He shrugged, "Does it matter? We probably could have taken them anyway, but she did just save our lives, at least in intent. We'll have to be more careful though, not to accept people at face value."

Nora growled, "It is odd though, it doesn't make any sense."

He nodded, "Let's talk over that breakfast I mentioned..." He was really hungry, especially after that nice morning wakeup.

Nicole snorted. "Feed the man, I hear they get grumpy when their hungry."

Sally and Katrina snickered.

Nora sighed and said, "Fine, I'll take care of the cleanup."

Nicole said, "Wait, let me try something."

He watched in surprise as a ball of flame appeared, then it went corpse to corpse, incinerating the flesh in seconds. The part that freaked him out was Nicole was in the kitchen while most of that happened.

He sniffed. "We probably should have taken the bodies out first, let's get the doors and windows open and air this out."

Nora helped with wind, and the faint smell of burning flesh was cleared quickly. They all ate in the kitchen, deciding what they needed to do next. There were three options as far as they could determine. Stay here and hope they give up, go to the palace where it should be safe, or go after the ones behind it.

The last one they considered if they should ask the king to help with troops, or just go it alone again. He was pretty sure the king would say no, although Egeria was currently in turmoil, they had lots of troops. If someone got a firm grasp on the kingdom while they were playing in Uleni, Abelaweth would be wide open to invasion. 

They also had no solid idea what to do when they got there. Just assassinate a king and say he started it? Would his replacement be any better? Hiding seemed like a bad idea too, he would have to live in the palace his whole life to avoid them. That wouldn't be a life at all, merely survival. So really, it was either stay here, or come up with a reasonable plan and go.

He was also thinking about Trina. Who had she been? Was she another assassin? If so, why did she end up saving them? It just didn't make sense. Sara could pick up lies a mile away, and he thought she would be willing to question the next person that came to make sure he or she was who they said they were. He knew he was a little too trusting, so he would have to get used to asking for Sara's opinion.

Sally said, "It would be a lot harder to infiltrate on our own in Uleni, they have more mages than the handful we faced in Egeria. I'd have a lot of trouble blocking a storm and lightning from four or five attacking at once from outside your range Justin."

He frowned. "I won't run for protection, I refuse to live that way. If we can't attack that leaves staying here. Which... isn't good. Eventually we will be caught off guard, they will succeed, at killing me or one of you. So what does that leave us?"

He heard steps outside the kitchen and turned. Sara shuffled in looking like she just woke up. She had a confused look on her face.

She asked through a yawn, "What happened?"

Her eyes widened as Nicole caught her up, he was still trying to think of another alternative when Sara interrupted.

"She's back, Trina I mean, coming through the front door."

They all felt tense as the woman dressed in black simply came in the kitchen and served herself a bowl, then joined them at the table. Nora looked ready for a fight, so did Katrina. The others simply looked wary.

-----------

Trina considered she might have gone over the deep end. That morning she had been fighting with herself. Deciding which way to jump so to speak, kill a man who didn't deserve it, or risk her life. She had thought she had plenty of time as she sat in the common room, deciding if she wanted to kill him in his sleep, or turn the other way, and go out the door.

The assassin team had come in, hours earlier than expected. She considered running, or simply telling them she was about to take care of it. She hadn't thought at all about what she actually did, she attacked them. In hindsight, she realized that she couldn't kill the Flame of Cytherea, and if she was on the run for not doing so, she wasn't going to let them do it either.

Otherwise, what was the point? She knew her reasoning was a little crazy, but then so was she.

She almost started laughing at the looks on their faces as she sat down. Granted, she thought she was a little crazy herself, but it was still funny.

"Got a plan yet?" she asked innocently.

Nora growled, "What do you want, and who are you?"

"Who am I? I am Trina, ex assassin and on the run from my government," she glared at Justin, "Why couldn't you have just been an asshole, it would have made my life easier you know."

Justin choked on his drink and asked, "Why did you help us? Why are you here?"

She said sharply, "My reasons are my own for the first, as for the second, I'm not sure. Uleni will be after both of us now, we stand a better chance working together. Besides, you need me."

Nicole asked with derision, "Why would we need an assassin? How could we trust you?"

Justin just said, "Sara," with a questioning tone in his voice.

She looked at the young woman who said, "She is being truthful, and she really believes we need her and she needs us. As to if that will change in the future? I can't say for sure."

She said with a devilish look on her face and merriment in her eyes, "The answer is obvious, we give them exactly what they want..."

-----------

Justin was extremely uncomfortable and tried to lie still. He was in the back of a cart, laid out in his nicest clothes. He thought the plan was crazy, but Trina had convinced them to try. The worst part was he basically helpless right now.

Trina had told them her plan.

"It's easy really, the best way to get the assassins to stop, is to be dead. So we fake it, put him in the back of the cart, and take him to the temple for internment."

Nora said caustically, "They won't believe it with you traveling with us, and his magical aura is ridiculously bright, any mage would know at once it was a trick."

Trina just smiled and said, "But I won't be travelling with you, not exactly, I'll be the evil bitch assassin that killed your love, tied up and helpless in the back of the wagon. When the spies see that, they'll race back to pass the word, afraid I will give up information to you about the coming invasion. Their haste will be their downfall.

"As for his magic... he would have to exhaust it enough that your witch can mask it. Once the invasion starts and the armies are committed he can come out of hiding from the temple and kick their ass."

Nicole objected, "You are saying the best way to avoid assassination attempts is to help start the war? He might be safe but so many others would die."

He hadn't liked the sound of that either, hiding behind dead soldiers, he wouldn't be able to do that, but he hadn't found a counter to Trina's return argument.

Trina shook her head, "No, we would be saving soldiers. You see, the war is inevitable, king Talmon wants your kingdom, and his advisor, mage Riese, is even more bloodthirsty and power hungry. If you try and hide here, Justin will die eventually, then your kingdom will be conquered and all your soldiers put to the sword or magic.

"By fooling them into starting it, by playing dead, you will all be there to help counter the attacking army. It is not at the cost of soldier's lives though it may feel that way, you would be actually securing the lives of those soldiers that survive the inevitable war, not to mention the kingdom and people."

So there he was, power exhausted, lying in the back of a cart, playing dead next to a crazy tied up assassin who for some reason of her own was helping them.

---------

Sara was using her ability almost constantly as they made their way to the city. It was a two hour trip at the pace they were going, and she had sensed a couple of people in range so far. All she got from them were surprise before they faded away.

She was also focused on Trina who was currently tied up and sharing a wagon with Justin. She was a little wary of trusting her alone and so close to him, even if she was tied up. She sensed nothing but admiration toward Justin though, so she wasn't too worried. There wasn't anything else tied up with it though, the assassin was not attracted to Justin at all.

Sara blushed wishing she felt confident enough to stop looking in on the woman's emotions so closely. Because she was feeling attraction coming from the woman, just not for Justin, it was aimed at her. At first she was suspicious, thinking it some manufactured ploy to get her to stop monitoring. But after a while it became obvious that wasn't the case. 

She had heard some women were special friends, but she had never met anyone like that before now. And the fact it seemed directed at her flustered her a bit. She thought Trina was beautiful, but she had never really felt that way about another woman herself. She still didn't, but the idea of it made her curious. Would she have the same panicked reaction to a woman touching her? She didn't know, and she didn't know if she would ever even want something like that.

She didn't have time to think about it right now either. She needed to focus on their surroundings, having the greatest range in the group, it was important to keep on her toes.

---------

Sally was wary. She was worried the plan would be blown, surely they would attack her right? When they saw she still lived? She had asked Trina about it, but wasn't sure about her answer...

Trina said, "Normally you would be right, they fear witches, women mages, but right now the focus is on taking out the Flame so they can invade. Right now in their minds you are just one more of the many they will need to hunt down in Abelaweth once they take over. Just one witch of many. The invasion is more important than that, I truly believe they won't attack."

Trina frowned and continued, "If anything, they would attack to kill me, ensure my silence, but I don't think they will do that either. I only know the generalities of their plan, not details. I imagine your spies know more, and I believe they will too. Still, they won't risk waiting too long once they believe Justin is dead."

She thought the assassin made sense, and her fear was probably just how often her mother had told her when she was younger how rabid about it they were. Even without the spell there anymore, she had not doubted her mother's word on how female mages were dealt with. 

On top of that, despite still being low for him, Justin's magic was building faster than she expected, she hoped she could keep the cloaking spells active until they were brought into the temple and under cover...

---------

Nicole hated her part of the plan. It was obvious someone needed to let the king and her brother in on the plan, it would change what they did. She had to be careful though, there would be spies no doubt. Maybe not in the palace, but the servants and others if they heard would probably pass it on to just one more person until it reached the ears of the enemy.

She didn't bother with stealth though, she flew in her phoenix form to her brother's window. She knew it wouldn't be long for a response. Hopefully it wouldn't take long to get him alone. She would let him tell their father what was happening.

If she could help it that is. She didn't want to see him. Not if he still considered her cast from the family. She snorted, it would be ironic if they put her in the dungeon for returning.

Anton cleared his throat and she turned. "What are you doing here Nicci?"

She said softly, "I have bad news, the Flame of Cytherea is no more," then she broke down crying.

Anton narrowed his eyes for a moment, she could summon up tears easily, but her brother had always seen through her crocodile tears when they were younger. He waved the guards out and took her in his arms. When the doors were closed and enough time had passed, he pushed her out to arms length.

"It's good to see you sister, I've been working on dad but he is a stubborn old mule. Now tell me what this is really about."

She spoke low and let him in on their plan. Told him to let them know through a note to her when they should show up to assist the army.

They made plans over the next few hours, they decided to start the fight at the border, then run a retreat to several traps, including the Flame of Cytherea where they would turn and wipe out the invaders. Assuming of course all went to plan, which they knew it never did. But they had the outline of a promising plan before she left and went to the temple.

It was strange for her to act as if she mourned. As she was led through the temple she saw most of the acolytes and priests looked shocked and sad. It seemed almost cruel to her, to fool people like that, but she saw the necessity of it. Shortly, she was back with her family, in the high priestess's personal quarters. Celia and the priest in charge of internments were the only ones aware of the ruse as far as she knew.

------------

The moment Riese heard the news, he started giving orders. He thought with annoyance about how he would shortly have to report to the whelp. He had seen how uncomfortable the boy had gotten when he laid out his plans to wipe out all the witches in the two conquered kingdoms. 

He was sure Talmon was behind getting more power and uncontested control of the land, but he had his doubts the king would have the stomach to do what was necessary to hold it. It was frustrating, all his plans and some young fool would benefit. He had been considering running one of the kingdoms in Talmon's name, but he was starting to change his mind.

He was the one putting forth all the effort and plans, why should he not reap the rewards? As he dismissed Ross and Lian, and sure the invasion was in good hands, he started devising ways to remove the annoyance. He was born to rule, and he deserved it. He just needed to find a way to do so that would leave him in charge...

------------

Nora watched Trina suspiciously. Trina had been spending a lot of time over the last couple of days talking to Sara. It made sense, sort of, they both came from similar backgrounds, abused by men. She wouldn't say the assassin was well balanced, but she seemed to act without fear and never flinched like Sara did. It seemed like Trina was trying to help Sara through it, or at least learn how to deal with it better, and she thought that was a good thing, she was just suspicious about why.

Maybe she just wasn't giving the woman enough credit as a human being. It was hard to, considering what her profession had been, and only a day ago. So she hoped for the best, that didn't mean she couldn't keep watch over it. She was very protective of Justin and the rest of her family.

She had figured out Trina's talent. Amazingly enough, all she had was enhanced spatial recognition through her magical talent. She knew where everything and everyone was at all times within the aura of her magic. The flips and fighting... all training. Which she hated to admit impressed the hell out of her, the woman was beyond deadly.

It was one thing to know exactly where air, fire and a dagger was coming from, and quite another to dodge two, catch a third and kill with it. She felt like she was on the edge of paranoia, always vigilant by trying not to cross the line. What she needed was to sit the woman down and get to know her, but Trina was closed off for the most part, at least where she was concerned.

She sighed and relaxed for a moment when Justin came up behind her and started massaging her neck. She leaned her body back into him and closed her eyes. She both loved and hated that. How could she stay frosty when a mere touch from him made her melt inside. She was starting to regret saying no, despite the danger. Maybe next time they lay together, she could tell him.

She felt warm and tingly when he kissed the side of her neck and led her to a couch. He spent a couple of hours with her just talking about their future. It always amazed her that he took the time to keep up communication with all of them, and she loved the way he looked at her. He kissed her when it was time for dinner and it curled her toes as she felt her body respond. She wanted him badly, but it would have to wait until after dinner.

------------

Katrina was going to lose her damn mind. She'd been stuck between these walls far too long, she imagined if she was the tiger her tail would be whipping around. She had been indoors for as long before, but this time it felt unbearably worse as they waited for Anton's message. Just what the hell was taking so long anyway?

She growled when Sally came closer and sat right up against her.

"What?" she asked sharply.

Sally giggled and gave her a hug, a big smile on her face.

She said it again, a little more wearily and not so nasty, "What?"

Sally winked and said, "Why do you think you're so grumpy Kat?"

She couldn't figure out why Sally would be so amused or happy about that, until she did.

"Are you sure?"

Sally nodded, "Congratulations Kat, I could feel the talent from across the room. It's weak right now, but it will grow as the baby does. I'm guessing your two weeks, earlier than that I wouldn't be able to detect it. Justin must have done it right the first time."

She felt tears in her eyes, her annoyance forgotten she hugged Sally and laughed. She needed to go tell Justin... and maybe get in some practice for number two...

------------

Ross watched the first battle unfold. He had just over fifteen thousand troops, more than enough to defeat the six thousand that met him. He didn't like how soon the enemy broke off and retreated. It quickly became a running battle, and every mile or so, the enemy had traps set that took a good chunk of his people. Not an alarming amount, but enough to be concerned.

It was a good strategy, they could bleed his troops all the way to the capitol, and hope they took out enough they were able to defend. It was only about midday when he decided that was enough, he called for a halt and let the enemy slip away, and simply set up camp. He sent out scouts to keep track of the enemy movements, and try to sniff out the traps ahead, and perhaps lay their own.

The Abelawethans had no chance, but he didn't want to throw away lives either, they would need enough troops for Egeria as well...

------------

Anton wasn't surprised when the enemy stopped their charge. They had been killing two for every one of theirs, thanks mostly to the traps they had set. It wasn't near enough to win, but it would give the enemy pause. If they were whittled down to five thousand or so they wouldn't have the troop strength to hold Abelaweth, much less conquer Egeria.

He wasn't sure if he should keep going, stay here, or attack to draw them into following again. Eventually he decided to wait, but he sent out scouts just in case the enemy had a surprise or two for them...

Chapter 6

Justin was bemused, and a little conflicted. He found out from Kat she was with child, then she had shown him, quite thoroughly, how excited about it she was.

That wasn't what had him conflicted though, it was his relationship with his intended mates. He had wanted to make that commitment to each of them, and though he understood her reasoning, Nora saying no had thrown him off.
