 ====================================

All Characters are 18 years or older. 

This story is a continuation of the Font of Fertility series. I would suggest reading earlier chapters if you have not already. This chapter includes elements of incest, voyeurism and exhibitionism. And yes, sex.

Immense thanks to Ante_Matter for his continued editing.

====================================

*** 1 - Fixing the Sibling Relationship***

I was as quiet as I could be, opening the front door to my house. I had plans with Stacey, my sister, but I just needed time to think for a minute before I dealt with the issues between us. I managed to get upstairs to my room, closing the door quietly behind me, and went to flop on my bed only to find it bare of sheets.

Fuck.

I had totally forgotten that I'd woken up that morning and needed to wash my sheets because I'd been drenched in sweat and fucking semen after a wet dream. A wet dream about my sister, I might add, that had led almost immediately to me walking in on her completely naked in the bathroom.

Not even a minute in my room and I was already distracted. Stacey needed to come second for a moment, right now I needed to think about Lauren.

Two days in a row we'd gone back to her house after school and fucked like rabbits. No, not like rabbits, we were way better at it than that. We fucked like pornstars, except we loved each other. The only problem was pornstars had people watching while they fucked, and we were already two for two on getting walked in on. 

First day, Adama the magic pixie-thing. 'Surprise, you're a sex mage!' Great, whatever, I'd have been happy enough with the fact that I'd just lost my virginity to my childhood sweetheart. Second day, Lauren's sister Lindsey walks in just as I'm coming in Lauren's ass, and not only is Lauren not bothered, she is giddy over the fact that we got started early in pulling Lindsey into our bed.

I'm supposed to build up a god damn harem to power my magic and the first two candidates are the sister of my girlfriend and my own sister.

This is so totally fucked up. And it brought me right back to the problem at hand. Lauren had said take my time, but had made it clear bringing my sister into the fold was more than welcomed. Which meant I needed to decide soon whether I was into incest in more than a day dream kind of way. I'd always loved Stacey, and even lusted after her a bit in my nightly masturbation sessions, but full on reality incest?

What if I went for it and she wasn't interested? Or worse, was disgusted with me? It could mean getting kicked out of the house. She could tell everyone we knew, ruin my relationship with my parents. There were so many things that could go wrong with this but none of it changed the fact that I wanted her. Deep, deep down I knew I wanted to just bury my face between her ass cheeks and eat her out like I did Lauren. I wanted to spend hours exploring her, telling her how much I loved and adored her. Fucking her until we collapsed from exhaustion.

Fuck. Now I had myself all revved up and I still had to go talk to her like a regular person. Dealing with this shit alongside Lauren was so much easier than when we were apart. I almost called her, my phone in my hand, but I didn't. This was one thing I needed to figure out on my own.

I sighed and figured I should probably rub one out so that I wasn't sprouting a hard on the moment I saw Stacey and remembered her naked in the bathroom. Adama would probably show up, powered by the latent sexual energy I would generate and expecting I needed something, but I could just send her away. At least I assumed I could, I still wasn't quite sure of the dynamic that was supposed to be between us. My chance was gone, though, a quiet knock at my bedroom door stopping me from dropping my drawers.

I got up from the bed and opened the door, face to face with Stacey. Her eyes were big and shining, I could see the worry in them. She had her light brown hair back in a ponytail and was dressed down in a pair of baggy sweats and an old t-shirt. I couldn't help noting her nipples were as pointy as ever, creating bumps on her chest even through her heavy bra. Those nipples, the ones I'd seen this morning. Almost an inch long in the cold, begging to be played with.

"Hey," she said quietly before licking her lips nervously. "I heard you come in."

"Yeah, I just needed a minute before we, uh, we talk I guess."

"Oh, do you want me to-?" She took a step back and glanced back down the hall towards her room.

"No," I replied, a little louder than necessary. My hand had reached out and touched her arm, not grabbing but holding her in place just by touching. I pulled it back quickly. "I- I just need to change into something comfortable. Do you want to talk in your room then watch the movie downstairs?"

She shook her head, "We can talk downstairs. Mom and Dad left for their date night. Dinner and a movie, we should be good for a bit."

"Ok, you wanna pick something on netflix?"

She smiled just a little. "Sure. I- Well we can talk downstairs."

"Ok." I shut the door softly and shook my head. Why was this so awkward? I'd walked in on her naked, it's not like she knew the rest of what was going on.

I quickly changed, opting for a pair of tight Under Armour briefs beneath my own baggy sweatpants, hoping the briefs would control any ne'er-do-well erections I might generate while talking with Stacey about seeing her naked. Or even just sitting with her watching a movie, honestly. My sister was hyper-fit from her competitive rowing, giving her this lean and lithe physique that made her look dangerous-sexy even if she was cramming her face with popcorn on a cheat night. 

I slowly made my way downstairs, still worrying in my head the entire way. There was just no way to know what I should do.

She was sitting on the couch with her legs crossed, her eyes still big and nervous as she turned to watch me enter the living room. I went to sit in the chair, but changed my mind at the last minute and sat on the opposite end of the couch, facing her.

"So..." I said, trailing off indecisively.

"Yeah, so."

"Ok, well I guess I should start," I followed up, and she nodded. "Again, Stace, I'm really sorry. I had no idea you were in there this morning. I didn't even realize you were in the bathroom until you shouted, I was in such a daze."

She looked down at her hands in her lap and smiled, "Yeah, I kinda realized that after you'd left."

"And I left as soon as I was able to, y'know, start processing what was happening."

"Yeah, I got that too."

We sat for a little while in silence, Stacey staring at her hands and me nervously fidgeting with mine. She finally shook her head and sighed, "This shouldn't be that big of a deal. It's... it's partially my fault, Jer."

I must have looked bewildered because she quickly followed up, "Not this morning, the weirdness. I- It's embarrassing, more embarrassing than just my brother walking in on me. Do you... do you promise not to think I'm weird if I tell you?"

Weird? Nothing she could say would make me ever think she was weirder than I was. Sex magic, I mean come on. How did you top that on the weird scale? "I promise, Stace."

"Ok. This morning I woke up... well, I woke up horny because I'd had a sexy dream, and I wanted to feel pretty so that's why I was shaving my legs. Because I'd wanted the person I was dreaming about to notice, even if it was just me being a tease or something."

Ooooh God, I inwardly groaned. The fucking dream. Adama had explained it briefly, but it hadn't really clicked in until I had spoken to Lauren later on. The wet dream that had caused my need to change the sheets of my bed had ended with me fucking Lauren in a bed with someone else near by, and Lauren had had the same dream except she'd known it was Lindsey, her sister. Before Lauren, though, I'd been dreaming about fucking Stacey. So she had dreamed it too.

"So when you walked in," she continued, "I was flustered, 'cause I'd been thinking about showing off but not, y'know, showing off. So that's probably why I was more weirded out than I should have been. I'm sorry too. I should have come to talk to you before I left, Jer. Or more on the phone. I can't imagine what kind of day you must have had."

Well, I'd fucked Lauren in a bathroom stall, on a bus and then up the ass at her house. Not a bad day really, though saying that would probably screw this entire conversation up.

"Stace," I said slowly, "I'm gonna ask you something weird, but please just answer honestly. Was it- Was it me in the dream?"

Her eyes widened slightly but she didn't say anything.

"Because it's ok if it was. Or if it wasn't. I'm just trying to make sense of it all."

She licked her lips again and went back to looking at her hands. "Yeah, it was you, ok? It was just a dream, though. It's not like I meant it or anything."

"I know, it's ok Stace. I sometimes have dreams about you too."

"You do?" She asked, looking back up at me.

"Well can you blame me?" I grinned sheepishly, "You're gorgeous. And honestly, your bra problem has been a fixture of my life throughout my teenage years."

She smiled and chuckled quietly, "Yeah, I figured you'd noticed once or twice."

"So, are we- Are we ok, now that it's out in the open?"

She nodded, "Mmhmm."

I opened my arms to her and she slid across the couch into my hug, wrapping her arms around me as I squeezed her to my chest. For the first long moment it was nice, a warm sibling hug after we had worked out something important between us. But then her hands started wandering, pressing firmly into my back and sides.

"Uh," she said, pulling back from the embrace, "What the fuck?"

I had no idea what was wrong. I didn't even have a hard on, though I mentally double checked.

Stacey grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it halfway up my chest. "Holy shit, Jeremiah. When the fuck did you get cut?"

I looked down, realizing she'd found the changes Lauren and I had picked out for my body. Where once I had been just a little on the chubby side, not fat but 'fleshy,' I had muscles. I wasn't ripped like a bodybuilder, or even a football player or something, but I was certainly toned. Swimmer bod, Lauren had called it, with all the definition but none of the bulk. Now Stacey was staring at my visible abs and lack of love-handles.

"Uh, well..." How the fuck did I answer her? 'Today, I used my magic dick,' certainly wasn't going to work. "I- just-I dunno-"

"Did you do this for Lauren?" She asked, one hand reaching out and brushing over my abdomen lightly, her eyes trained on my body.

"Yeah," I answered, and honestly, "I wanted to be as fit for her as she is."

Stacey seemed to realize she was stroking me with her her fingertips and pulled her hand away, letting go of my shirt at the same time. "That's so sweet, Jer. I just wish you'd told me, I could have helped the. When did you start working out? Guy your age, might not have taken too long but still. Six months?"

"Kind of? End of last school year I guess?" How long was that? It was december now so four months of school and two months of summer. That made almost six, close enough. "I sort of wanted it to be my thing. I'm sorry I didn't ask for help." And I was, I should have thought of getting Stacey to help me work out months, if not years ago. I'd been lazy and a fool.

"It's ok, I get it." She said, smiling at me now. "You shouldn't hide it though, bud. You got a sexy bod now, if you weren't with Lauren you could pull all kinds of chicks."

I shrugged and looked away, a little embarrassed. Stacey shuffled back away from me and picked up the remote, turning on the television. She picked some inane indy-love flick about people who worked at a brewery or something. The actresses were hot enough that I could keep myself distracted from looking over at Stacey too much, who was now lounging comfortably. I guess with everything in the open we were good again, not that that answered any of the issues she wasn't really aware of. Was I going to try and fuck my sister?

I excused myself about two thirds of the way through the movie and went to the washroom. After taking a quick piss I washed my face and looked at myself in the mirror blankly before going back to the living room. Stacey was lain out on the couch, her feet where I'd been sitting. It was obvious she wanted a foot rub, since that was what usually happened at this point, but I didn't think that was a good idea for the moment.

For one, I would absolutely get an erection from touching any part of her for too long right now, and for a second reason there was everything else that we'd just discussed. Instead of lifting up her feet and sliding underneath them like I usually would, I scoffed.

She looked up at me innocently, giving me a 'Pwetty pwease?' smile. "Oh, that's how it is?" I said over the movie, then flopped down right on top of her, keeping the majority of my weight from crushing her by catching myself with my hands. I'd landed lengthwise on the couch, my head next to hers as I dug my hands underneath her from both sides, pinning her to me and the couch at the same time before starting to tickle her sides.

Stacey screeched, part laugh and part outrage, before she started thrashing violently. We wrestled for almost a full minute playfully, somehow she managed to weasel her way out not only from my grasp, but also into the power position on top of me, straddling my waist as I looked up at her from below.

We finally both stopped, wheezing through our laughter, and she collapsed on top of me as we shook together. Her head was on my chest, her hands on my upper arms and her legs still straddling mine. I realized the position we were in after a long moment of deep breathing, trying to calm my heart rate from the wrestling. If we were naked, she'd be riding me.

I had a hard on. There was no way she couldn't be aware of it, and there was nothing I could do unless I made it painfully obvious, so as we both caught our breaths and she wiggled a little bit, snuggling in on top of me, I resigned myself to trying not to move my dick around too much.

The movie was still playing, and we both turned to watch it, my head on the armrest and hers on my chest. At some point I turned my head back and kissed the top of her head, murmuring, "I love you, Stace."

"I love you too." She murmured back.

I thought we were good. Free of issues. Why the fuck did would I ever think that?

Neither of us had seen the movie, how were we supposed to know there was a sexy love scene to trigger the final issues of the characters? It started slow and you could almost miss that it was coming. I very suddenly realized what was going on when the actress pulled off her shirt, revealing her tits to the camera.

One of Stacey's hands tightened slightly on my arm. I could feel my hard-on get a little firmer, pushing lightly against the binding of my briefs as it tried to firm to it's full length against the weight of my sister.

Fuuuuuck, I groaned internally. There was no way she wasn't going to notice.

I can't be sure if she noticed first, or only realized after a little bit of her own actions, but I do know she became fully aware of my raging woody. It started with just a little added pressure, her hips moving slightly as if to reposition her weight. Then it happened again, and her hand tightened on my arm.

She did it again, and I brought the hand squashed into the back of the couch up and put it on the small of her back. I swear I meant it as a warning, like, 'You probably shouldn't be doing that,' but I didn't say it. My pinky and ring finger were touching her skin where her shirt had rode up a bit, her warmth nice on my fingertips. Her hips moved again, more deliberately this time, and I felt the muscles of her back move under my hand.

The love scene continued, all of thirty seconds, and by the end of it Stacey's hips were moving in little circles, my dick rock hard in my pants.

"Stace," I whispered, and she turned to look up at me. Then we were kissing, and my other hand was up cupping her face to mine as the first one slid under her shirt and slid up and down her back from waistband to bra strap. She was working her hips more deliberately now, her groin riding up and down my shaft through our clothes as our tongues danced lightly. She arched her back upwards, putting some separation between us, and her hand pulled my shirt up my body until we had to break the kiss so she could pull it off me. She immediately began sliding her hands across my sides and chest, lightly grazing my skin with her nails as she bent down to kiss me again. Her hips were jerking backwards and forwards, mine thrusting counter to hers, trying to create as much friction as possible. Damn she felt good, lying on top of me.

I grabbed her ass fully with both hands, pulling her more firmly against me as I kneaded her clothed cheeks. She sat up and we looked at each other dreamily, then she pulled her shirt up over her head, leaving her in just a sports bra. She bent back down and kissed my shoulder. "I want to feel you," She moaned, then we were kissing again as we thrust at each other.

I'd never really understood what dry humping actually entailed, but now I sure did. At some point the movie ended and we didn't care. Our lips were locked, our hands were busy roaming and our hips were rotating, the thin sweatpants and underwear giving us a pretty good impression of where my dick was rubbing against her pussy. 

After the day I'd had, it was taking me a long time to really start to feel like I was building to an orgasm. Apparently Stacey hadn't had a sex-filled romp day, though, and she started showing signs of an oncoming climax a lot sooner. Her breathing got laboured and she started making tiny moaning noises into my mouth as we kissed. Finally she sat up again, her hip movements becoming agitated as she made it obvious she was grinding her clit against the hardness of my dick. I put one hand on her muscled, bare belly, moving her back and forth while my other hand pulled her head down and I kissed her firmly. Her mouth pulled back from mine just a fraction of an inch as it opened wide, her eyes screwed shut as the moaning sounds became sharp, high intakes of breath matched by violent jerks of her whole body.

She collapsed down onto me and I held her lightly as she tried to catch her breath. "Fuck," she breathed out. "Fuck."

I rolled both of us and maneuvered her so that we were spooned and I was holding her from behind. She curled up a bit more and I couldn't help feeling her ass pressing against my still hard cock inside my pants. We were both panting, and I almost felt more tired from this than I had fucking Lauren. Dry humping required micro movements to try and repeatedly hit the right spot through so much clothing, and the intensity we'd been going at it kept us both silent for a long minute.

I was happy to just hold Stacey, my dick pressed against her fantastic butt and her warm back to my chest. I leaned my head forward and kissed her neck, and she sobbed.

Wait, what? She was shaking now, her hands clinging to my arms around her chest.

"What the fuck did we just do?" She said aloud, and I realized while I might have been ready for something like this, my sister certainly hadn't been.

"What the fuck is wrong with us?" She asked again, turning in my arms so that she was facing me. "That was so fucking wrong. We just-" She sobbed again and drew back, rolling away from me and onto the floor.

"Hey, Stace, it's ok."

"No, it's not ok. We were making out. You're my brother. I'm your older sister and I just- I just fucking came because we were dry humping each other."
