 ====================================

All characters are 18 years or older.

This story is a continuation of the Font of Fertility series. I would suggest reading the previous chapters if you have not already. This chapter includes elements of incest and some voyeurism/exhibitionism. 

Meeting a fire mage, a run in with his sister and some fun with Lauren lead to some interesting interactions of Jeremiah Grant and his magic dick...

Heaps of praise to Ante_Matter for kicking me in the head over a few things with his editing.

====================================

*** 1 - How to Judge your Mages***

I took a quick step towards the girl in front of me, hesitating for just a moment before I reached out and carefully zipped her sweater back up, covering the breasts she was baring to me.

"Ok," I said, taking a deep breath, "So I don't mean to be rude, and fuck if I don't want to keep staring at those for hours, but we're in front of my god damned house. Can you... cut the light for a second?"

I ran my hands through my hair, exasperated. Closer, and without the distraction of her large, pierced breasts I could see she wasn't much older than Lauren and I. The girl's thin eyebrow was raised questioningly; I could only describe the look she was giving me as haughty curiosity. She finally acquiesced, making a grasping motion with one hand and the ball of flame that had been lighting my driveway winked out of existence.

The long moment it took for my eyes to adjust to the darkness gave me a moment to think.

This girl, Annalise something-or-other, was another magic user, and the only reason she was here was either because she wanted to hurt me, or ask for something. From the bits of information my mentor Adama had passed along so far I was hoping it was the latter because this chick could be extremely dangerous. Exploding-gas-main-inferno-national-news dangerous.

I swallowed and looked back to her as my eyes cleared. She was beautiful in this lazy sort of way, her big eyes half hooded and her mouth quirked into a natural frown. The term 'Resting Bitch Face' came to mind, when a girl had a naturally angry expression, but she was too pretty for that. Her frown was enticing and made me want to make her smile just to see her face brighten.

What was more interesting was the fact that, in the darkness, her eyes were a clear blue instead of fiery silver and her hair was a silky brunette, thick and vibrant instead of the red-gold it had shone in the firelight. Had it been the light causing that, or her controlling it?

"Well?" She asked, her voice low and articulate. "What do you need from me for judgement? I don't want to play games, I know what your kind wants."

"First, I don't know if I should be offended or not by that 'your kind' statement. Second, hold your damn- no, you know what? Cool your tits, and not out in the open, ok? Gimme a damn minute, we didn't exactly have an appointment." Her frown pursed and I wanted to kiss her. She was short, Lauren might have had a full foot on her. Thinking of Lauren again brought me out of my stupor. "Ok look, it's Annalise, right?"

She nodded so I continued, "Annalise, I need to make a call before anything else happens here, ok? We'll get to the judgement thing you need, but I need a minute to collect myself and to bring in my... ah... advisors."

"Alright," she said, her brow wrinkling as she pondered, "I'm... I was expecting something else. I apologize."

I smiled absently and nodded my head in thanks, reaching into my pocket for my phone.

************

Thinking of home and bed, Lauren was yawning lightly and bouncing her head to the radio when her phone rang. She took it out of the cup holder and glanced down at the name. Jer.

Smiling to herself, Lauren licked her lips lightly and flicked the answer button, keeping the phone low so that the light didn't illuminate the car and setting it to speaker.

"Hey, babe," She said loudly, "I think I changed my mind too, you want me to come back?"

There was a pause on the other end and Lauren smiled to herself. The way Jeremiah was, cautiously loving mixed with forceful desire, was what made her love him - but Lauren's heart would always skip when she could make him hesitate with her brashness.

"Uh, Lauren, I mean that would be awesome but something's come up. Something... y'know... dick related."

Dick related? "Ok, don't tell me, are you Cinderella and everything's going back to normal?"

"No, I, uh... Just a second, I'll show you-" There was a rustling on the other end of the line. Was he taking a dick pic or something? But then he was talking to someone, "Could you just- Yeah, and the thing again- Ok, yeah." The ku-snap of a virtual phone shutter. "Ok, yeah you can- Yeah, thanks."

Then Lauren's phone bingled that she had received a text. Pulling over to the side of the road, she rolled her eyes and picked up her phone again, opening the picture file.

The girl was beautiful, her pale skin lit up by the ball of fire she was holding in her hand. The girl's hair was golden and her eyes were glowing white hot, and it was hard to know what to stare at; her beautiful face, the ball of fire in her hands or the magnificent pair of breasts she was showing off.

They were big, easily a couple of cup sizes bigger than Lauren or her sister Lindsey, and they had only the slightest amount of sag that gave them a weighty look. The girls areolas were maybe two and a half inches wide and a dull pink, her nipples looked like gumdrops each pierced by a silver barbell.

"Damn." Lauren said to herself.

"Yeah, I know," Jeremiah responded from his end.

Lauren had to shake her head and put the phone into her lap to stop staring and think clearly. "Who is she?"

"Her name's Annalise, and she's come to me for judgement. She says she's 'willing to pay the price,' Laur."

"Well what does that mean?"

"I'm not sure, but I think you should get back here."

Lauren was already pulling a U-turn. "On my way."

************

I'm not really sure I had been through a more awkward wait in my life. It was thankfully short since Lauren hadn't gotten that far, but waiting for your girlfriend to come meet the stranger who had offered you sexual favours in exchange for mystical judgement wasn't exactly the time to be making small talk.

I watched the road, trying hard not to glance over at Annalise. As if I could manage that. The most off putting thing was that every time I took a quick glance, she was staring at me with this confused and intrigued look. It was like she had expected me to have tentacles and found out I was a real boy instead and that made me wonder at her 'your kind' statement from earlier; what had she been expecting, coming to look for me?

The headlights came first, quickly followed by Lauren pulling into the driveway a little faster than safe. She hopped out of the car quickly, striding over and into my arms, kissing me firmly before pulling back and looking into my eyes for a long second. I could tell she was unsure about the situation but one thing was clear, she was with me and I was with her.

"Lauren, this is Annalise..."

"Stoker," The brunette filled in. 

"Stoker, right. Annalise Stoker. And Annalise, this is Lauren, my Prime."

Annalise offered her hand and Lauren shook it before stepping back to me and wrapping my arm around her waist. It felt good, but it was also awkward because we'd never done that before. We might have been a couple, but it hadn't even been three days; Annalise was the first person we were meeting as a couple and the whole dynamic felt different. Were we 'stand side by side' people? Holding hands people?

Apparently neither, as Lauren shifted uncomfortably under my arm. I played it off by rubbing her back for a moment then stepped slightly away from the two girls so that I could look at both of them. Lauren was a strong individual, tying ourselves together like that felt odd.

"Alright, so we've met. Annalise, this isn't exactly a great place to discuss your- uh- case. Are you alright if we go somewhere private?"

The mage tilted her head and her hooded eyes squinted a little bit before she nodded, "Alright."

"Where are you thinking?" Lauren asked.

I shrugged, "Sunlight Motel?" It was one of those older drive-up jobs on the edge of town. Seniors and juniors booked rooms there after prom, and it was well known for cheating spouses as well.

"That works."

I gestured towards Lauren's car and headed to the passenger side, but Lauren stopped me with a hand on my arm before pressing the keys into my hand. "You drive, I'll sit in the back with her."

I blinked, surprised. "You sure?"

"Yeah," she smiled, then kissed the tip of my nose. "You might as well get to start driving it now."

I kissed her firmly before half-skipping to the drivers door, elated that Lauren was trusting me to drive her car. She didn't even let Lindsey borrow it.

We got moving and the car was quiet for a long while, then Lauren asked, "So, where are you from?"

Annalise hesitated a moment and I glanced at her in the rearview mirror. She was glancing from me to Lauren, trying to judge us. She took a deep breath. "Featherdown, New Mexico. It's- well it's a small town."

"And what do you do? Are you a student somewhere?" I was surprised Lauren was being so blunt about grilling the girl.

"No, no school. I'm an apprentice blacksmith... and I do some sculpture work on the side."

I frowned. A blacksmith? There couldn't be that many left in the modern world considering you could manufacture just about anything you wanted.

"That's interesting." Lauren said, mirroring my own surprise. The car was quiet again for a while. "So how old are you?"

"Twenty-four." Again, I was surprised. She didn't look that old, but then how old was twenty-four supposed to look? Lindsey was twenty and Stacey was nineteen, but I'd always known that and the age difference had just been that they were 'older.'

It went on like that until we reached the Sunlight, Lauren asking blunt, sometimes edging on rude questions and Annalise answering them. She didn't make a lot of cash as a blacksmith or welding sculptures, but she got by. She'd grown up in Featherdown and had a fairly large family. The only other magic user was her father though, and the way she mentioned him made me think that relationship wasn't very good. The rest of her family didn't know about the magic world.

She didn't have a boyfriend and had been single for a few years. Not even a one night stand.

I pulled up to the front office of the motel and paid for a room after pulling cash out of the ATM in the tiny lobby. I hopped back in the car and the two girls were silent again until I ushered them into the room. Two saggy twin beds, a lamp in the corner and a beat up old tv on a stand, plus a shitty painting on the wall.

"Well, it's not pretty but it's private on short notice," I said, walking through the room and gesturing to the beds. "Annalise, could you stay out here a minute? Lauren and I are going to talk privately in the bathroom."

Her frown deepened slightly and she hesitated before sitting on the bed, but nodded. I headed into the bathroom and turned on the shower, Lauren closing the door behind us. The room instantly started to steam up as I turned to her and started unbuckling my pants.

"Uh, Jer, I know what I said on the phone but I don't think now is the time."

I snorted, shucking my pants down. "I know, but the only way I can get Adama here is by jerking it, and I think before we make any decisions we should figure out what the fuck is going on."

Lauren made an 'oh, I'm dumb' face, then shook her head and dropped to her knees in front of me. "Well, might as well make the most of it." She smirked, then fished her hand into my boxers and pulled out my quickly enlarging dick. She gave it a quick lick then, eyes locked with mine, she fed it into her mouth before slowly pulling it out, sucking hard.

I got lightheaded and leaned back against the shitty porcelain sink. "Whoa-kay, I mean I'm not gonna say no."

"Mm, neither would I." I had to look around for the voice before I found Adama straddling the tap on the sink behind me. I shifted, Lauren following me briefly with her mouth until I was side on to Adama. Lauren pulled off of my dick after another forceful suck, then slowly began jerking me with her hand, using her spit for lube.

"Well, you don't have a tool like this," Lauren said, grinning wickedly at Adama.

"Oh but I could, baby girl. I can get real freaky when I want too."

Lauren snickered then gave my head another suck.

"Right," I said, stopping the banter that was developing, "Adama, we have a situation."

"Yea you do."

"Not this." I rolled my eyes; for a magical faerie she had a hell of a one track mind. "A mage came to me and offered payment for a judgement. I need to know what that is, what I'm supposed to do and what the proper fee is."

Adama sat up, blinking in surprise. "Oh, sugarbear, that was damn quick. You shouldn't even be accessible until the Council meeting in a few weeks, but I guess it doesn't matter. You were announced, and it's official." The pixie shook her head slowly, pondering. "Where is the mage now?"

"Just outside," Lauren replied, again back to just jerking me absently so she could pay attention to the conversation.

"Oh.. Oh!" Adama said, "You need to know what to do now."

"Yes." I replied.

"Well, you'll need a full lesson on this, but the short notes on Judgements... hmm..." Adama leaned back, scratching her chin thoughtfully and I wanted to poke her off of her perch. Nothing was ever straight forward, or thought out, with her. "Well, every council member has the power to judge other mages, sometimes punishing them for acts you don't like or settling disputes between lesser mages."

"So criminal and civil?" Lauren asked.

Adama waved her hand in the air as if batting away the question. "Sure, yes, however you want to think of it. There are no laws, only what you decide as a council member. Your power gives you the right to decide how you want, when you want. Hypocritical, inconsistency, it doesn't matter. You hear the case, or make the case, and then you decide what you want to do with it. No one Council member does it the same way as another." She looked off into the corner of the room, as if looking in the distance and her voice lowered. "The next closest Council member is Lolita, one of the Death seats. That would explain why the mage might have come to you instead of her."

"Why?" I asked.

"Because," Adama said, still looking away. "The council member sets the price. Traditionally it has something to do with your source of power. Life Seats often take a special memory from a petitioner, which can cause a hole in your life. Death mages require a living sacrifice depending on the request. Fertility has always been seen as the easiest to petition because of what the Seat wants."

"Sex," I said, filling in the blanks. "That's why Annalise started out by offering her body to me. She thinks I'm going to demand she has sex with me."

"But that's almost rape, or blackmail at least," Lauren said, slightly aghast.

"Better than losing a part of your life, or sacrificing someone else," I retorted softly. I wasn't sure how I felt about all of this. I wanted to fuck Annalise, how could I not with that face and those tits, but could I do it like this?

Lauren squeezed my dick and I looked down at her. She was frowning but her eyes spoke volumes to how she was thinking the same way I was.

"What if I didn't want to have sex with her? What if she was a dude or something?"

Adama shook her head, "If a petitioner doesn't meet your fancy, you could always demand a substitute. A family member or friend, or they could pay someone to take on their debt to you."

"What if I don't want to do that at all?"

Adama made a face, "Jeremiah Grant, if you do not charge for Judgement you will be over run with every petty mage dispute in this hemisphere, you will be seen as weak by the Council and you will put the entire system in jeopardy. The Council of Three's has held chaos at bay for seven thousand years because every mage knows their place."

I frowned and looked back to Lauren, who met my eyes and after a moment shrugged. Gotta do what you gotta do.

I sighed and rubbed my forehead. "Alright. So I just what, hear her case, make a judgement then she 'pays' me?"

"However you like," Adama shrugged, "Most council members make the petitioner pay before hand, they usually get more that way since the petitioner is trying to win favour. How you hear the case and make your decision is up to you."

"Well, I want to be fair. If Annalise has a complaint about someone, that person should get to state their side of the argument."

"I like that," Lauren said, smiling for the first time since the conversation turned serious. "People will trust you more."

"Adama, can you listen in on the conversation we have out there in a minute? I'll find out who she has a complaint against and have you deliver a message."

"I can do that, but I'll need to siphon some energy from you to do it."

"That's fine," I said. "I'd rather do this right then fuck it up."

I nodded, then looked down to Lauren and cupped her face with my hands, pulling her up to standing. Her hand stayed on my hard dick, stroking me slowly as I kissed her lightly on the mouth.

"I think we should probably go back out there."

She raised an eyebrow, "You haven't gotten off, are my blowjobs that bad?"

"God no," I said quickly, "I just- we need to take care of this."

She smiled and kissed my nose again, "I know, dork. I love you."

"I love you, too."

"You two are gross," Adama spoke up from the sink. "You should fuck."

I rolled my eyes and turned to Adama as I tucked my dick back into my boxers and pulled up my pants. "You can go, just deliver the message before you disappear off to whatever mystical orgy land you go to."

The obscene pixie snorted, "Mystical orgy land he says, as if I were to have it that good." She made her little wiggle-clap motion and disappeared into the steam.

Lauren turned off the shower as I finished buckling my pants and adjusting my hard on so that it wasn't too uncomfortable, then we left the bathroom.

"Wow, ok." Lauren said, and I bumped into her from behind. Annalise was kneeling on the bed, her sweater undone and pulled apart lewdly displaying her breasts. One of her hands was pulling on one of her nipple piercings, the other was buried in her panties obviously working her pussy.

"I'm ready to pay the fee, Jeremiah Grant, no matter what it is."

"Holy shit," I said loudly. Lauren looked back at me and gave a single short laugh, and Annalise looked confused again.

I walked over to the the brunette, took her by the elbow and made her bring her hand out from her crotch, then I pulled her sweater closed again to cover up those breasts that I wanted to bury my face in.

"Annalise, whatever you were expecting, you need to stop. Ok?"

That quizzical look came back again, "I don't get you." It was the first time she hadn't spoken like she was in some formal setting.

"Yeah, well I don't get you either." I replied.

"I think you're both nuts," Lauren said sarcastically from where she was still standing.

"I'm sorry." Annalise said, sighing and relaxing her shoulders, her hands clasping at the sweater and fumbling to do up the zipper. "I was always told Council members were very old school. Hellfire and brimstone, tyrant lords who took what they wanted. But you," She looked at me hard, then looked to Lauren, "And her, you aren't... that. I don't know what you are. I figured you brought me here to fuck me."
