 ====================================

All characters are 18 years or older.

This story is a continuation of the Font of Fertility series. I would suggest reading the previous chapters if you have not already. This chapter includes group (mff), elements of anal, reference to incest, and some exhibitionism.

Jeremiah deals with payments, panics and getting pimped out just a little bit.

Ante_matter deserves an award for raising these stories to the next level with his editing.

====================================

***1 - Payment Due***

After two days of beating around the bush, you would think the three of us wouldn't feel quite so awkward about what was about to happen. Lauren was standing across the small motel room, arms folded across her ample chest, uncomfortable despite the fact that she had seemed excited up until this point. Our third wheel seemed just as tentative; Annalise had sat down on the edge of the bed and swept a long lock of her rich brown hair from her face and looked from me to my girlfriend.

I took a deep breath and looked to the fourth person in the room, "Adama, I think I'll need to consult with you briefly in the- ah, washroom."

As I went to follow the obese pixie Lauren turned as well but I paused, "Could you stay out here with her?" I nodded towards Annalise. Lauren's eyebrows knitted in concern but she nodded, moving over to sit beside the brunette as I went to the washroom and closed the door.

"So honey, have you already decided what to do?" Adama asked once we were in private.

"That's just the thing," I replied, "I know the who, but not the what and the how. What did the last Seat do for judgements?"

Adama, for the first time, actually looked thoughtful rather than distracted or lustful. "Well, that depends on what you want to do, Jeremiah. If you want to punish George Stoker it would be best if you were to do that in person. It takes much more power, I think the word you would use is exponentially more, that farther away you are attempting to cast a spell."

Punishing the old coot for believing he could control his family like pawns or worthless puppets was tempting, but not the precedent I wanted to set. If he had never been corrected before, could he really be blamed in full?

"What if I just want to stop him from doing something in the future? Make a law about him or something."

Adama smiled, "A Proclamation?"

"Sure."

"It's not necessarily a law, but I think it should fit your needs sugar. I made a proclamation that first day you gained your powers, do you remember?" I couldn't recall the exact words, but it had had to do with Adama telling the magical world that I was the new Seat of Fertility. I nodded and she continued, "A Proclamation becomes part of the common knowledge for all magic users. When I announced you, the other seats heard me directly through their own mentors, but everyone else just knew; it was in their thoughts that you were now the seat."

"How do I make a Proclamation?"

"The same as casting your spells," Adama said, waving her hand vaguely. "Focus on the words, touch your power source and then say them out loud. You'll know if it worked or not."

I sighed and ran a hand through my hair. "This isn't exactly what I'd been thinking about when you first told me I had magic powers."

"No, honey, what you were thinking was, 'What the fuck?' You didn't have any expectations, you weren't looking for the power."

"True," I said, a small smile leaking from my lips. "Are we done, then?"

She nodded, "Except for taking your payment. We need to talk soon though, Jeremiah. Your first council meeting is approaching quickly and you need more than raw power for that. You and I and your little cumbucket out there will need to sit down somewhere quiet; Lauren has her own part to play as well."

"All right," I agreed, "Soon. Once I get my life sorted, we'll start training."

She snorted, "Learning, Jeremiah. You don't need training, the magic is a part of you. An instinct you are already reacting to."

"Learning, then."

Adama nodded, then made her little hip-wiggle-hand-clap motion and disappeared in a puff of smoke.

Lauren walked over to me and took one of my hands in hers when I left the bathroom, which meant the world to me. I wasn't sure I would be able to handle all of the craziness of my powers if she wasn't apart of it all, girlfriend or not.

Annalise sighed, looking back into the bathroom behind me. "You are so lucky."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Your mentor," she frowned. "The fact that you even have one. You have someone... something? You have a resource to teach you about your powers. All I had was my father."

I grimaced empathetically, I could only imagine what Annalise had gone through once she had gotten her pyromantic powers. Hell, I thought ruefully. I had just heard the brunette's case against her father; that he had been attempting to blackmail her into slavery using her younger sister's life. I still had to pass judgement on it, but first came the payment process, and even though I knew what my decision was already apparently the other all-powerful Seats allowed people to try and bribe their way into favour. So it had to wait just a little while longer.

"I should use her more," I said, then turned to Lauren. "I really should. She has things she needs to teach us both before the first Council meeting."

Lauren smiled and let go of my hand after a brief squeeze, moving over to sit beside Annalise. "So. It's time."

Annalise shrugged and looked to her lap, "Yeah." It was a dramatic change from the first time she had tried to pay me two days ago. She'd approached me in my driveway at night, unzipping her hoodie and showing me her fantastically large breasts with their thick, pierced nipples. Later that night she'd done the same thing in this very motel room, except she'd also had her hand down her underwear to try and entice me as lewdly as she could.

Just thinking of that got my blood flowing. "Annalise, are you ready or do you need a minute?"

She looked back to me and she had a spark in her eyes, her face changing to a look of determination. "I'm ready."

"Get naked," Lauren said, one hand rubbing the other girl's thigh.

Standing, Annalise quickly started unbuttoning her deep red blouse. She had already been showing a deep amount of cleavage and as she shucked the rest of the shirt she revealed a maroon bra, not very fancy but on her voluptuous body with her pale skin it was enticing.

Lauren helped her unzip her black skirt from behind and Annalise let it drop to the floor. She quickly reached behind and undid the bra, slipping it from her chest and dropping it. My mouth went dry and then I quickly felt like I wanted to drool, staring at her tits as they were released. I knew Lauren was a C-cup, with her full breasts high on her chest, and that gave me a bit of reference.

Lindsey, her sister, was probably a D, since Lindsey's were a little larger than Lauren's. Annalise though, even though she was a bit shorter than the sisters, had to be in the F range. These knockers were big and fully rounded, drooping healthily from their weight and I had to wonder how Annalise didn't have back problems.

Each of her nipples was almost as big as a gumdrop, a dusty pink and pieced with a silvery bar. As the bra dropped to the ground and Annalise looked to me for approval I wiped my mouth to make sure I only felt like drooling.

From her seat beside Annalise, Lauren ran her hands down the brunette's bare sides and hooked her thumbs in the waistband of the simple, matching panties and also looked at me. She was smiling a little wickedly and raised one eyebrow as if to ask, 'Ready for the rest?'

She got her answer from my return glance and smiled more broadly, slowly tugging the panties down Annalise's hips and thighs, the fabric dipping lower until it revealed a little landing strip of brown pubes. It wasn't as thick as Lauren's, but still clearly defined, ending above her otherwise bald slit. 

Lauren kept pulling slowly, the crotch of the panties clinging to Annalise's lips until one last tug separated them and they slid down to the floor. Annalise stood silently, hands opening and closing slowly with nervous energy.

I looked into her big, grey-blue eyes and pulled my shirt off over my head before walking up to her, taking her hips in my hands and kissing her. I could feel the hesitation in her for a moment, then she was kissing me back as her hands came up to the back of my head, weaving into my hair. Her tongue danced with mine and I felt that heat again. The only other time we had kissed it had been a show for bitchy Emily at the mall; I'd gotten a hint of that heat but now I really felt it.

Her every movement sent a tingling of warmth through my lips and tongue, trailing into my body. I moaned, though it came out part grunt as I tried to turn it a little more manly. Her lips curled slightly, smiling into the kiss. I ended up taking her bottom lip lightly between my teeth and pulled back, tugging on it briefly before letting it slip free and ending the kiss. Her breath came hot from her lips and her eyes, wide open now rather than their usually lazy droop, had changed color. The blue was gone, replaced with whorls of orange.

I dipped my head low, my hands sliding up her sides and cupping her massive breast from below, lifting them up so that I could bury my face in her cleavage before turning to one side and running my tongue greedily over tit and nipple, the metal piercing cool and hard amidst the expanse of soft flesh.

She groaned deep in her throat, but the sound cut off in surprise. My eyes rose to her face as my lips locked around her nipple, sucking it firmly. Annalise's head was turned to the side, Lauren's hand holding her jaw as my girlfriend kissed Annalise forcefully. The fire mage's eyes were wide in surprise and she wasn't really responding to Lauren's kiss.

I switched nipples for a moment, giving the other one a quick suck and releasing it with a pop before I stood back up. Lauren ended the kiss and Annalise's jaw worked as she stammered something along the lines of, "Never kissed another girl before."

Lauren smiled and gave Annalise a playful peck on the lips, "Well now you have. And I hope that's not all we do."

I realized Annalise probably hadn't been expecting this as part of her payment. She'd known Lauren and I were together, but not that I would include her something like this. I felt a little bad for a brief moment. Ok, maybe bad isn't the right word. Naughty. I felt a little naughty that this hadn't been clear before now. That didn't mean I was going to leave Lauren high and dry, she'd been more than clear that she was just as enamoured with Annalise and her tits as I was.

I turned Annalise back to me and kissed her, closed mouth so we didn't get locked in again. "This is happening," I said after the kiss, moving my lips to her ear so that they were brushing her lightly. "Enjoy yourself."

I pulled back and Annalise looked to me again, her fingers brushing my abs. Her other hand drifted to Lauren and bunched in the front of her shirt. She turned her head back to my girlfriend and tentatively leaned forward and kissed Lauren again, both of them letting it develop into something more intense.

Lauren broke the kiss and quickly pulled off her shirt and bra, letting her firm, if smaller than Annalise's, tits bounce freely. She smirked, seeing me watching her even with the new toys in front of me and in my hands. "Pants," She demanded.

I let go of Annalise and quickly pulled off my pants and boxers, my mostly hard cock bouncing up heavily to a lazy attention. Lauren tugged me by it, pulling me past her and maneuvering me around until I was sitting on the bed between the two girls.

"Holy shit," Annalise said, her eyes trained to my crotch.

Lauren laughed, "What?"

"I've never... wow. I didn't think it would be so..."

"Wait, are you a virgin?"

Annalise blushed and looked up to Lauren. "Well, not technically. I mean, I've masturbated with... a lot of different things."

"But you've never had sex?" Lauren asked and Annalise shook her head. "Holy shit balls. And you didn't lead with that as your offer to pay Jerry?"

Annalise shrugged, embarrassed. "I wasn't sure he'd like that; maybe he wanted... experience or something."

I coughed to cover my laugh and Lauren's face slipped into chagrin. "Wow, I didn't realize..."

"There's something you should know," she said quietly.

I interrupted her, seeing her hesitation. "Is it the heat?"

She looked up at me, eyes wide in surprise, "You already know?"

I shook my head, "Not fully, but I felt something when you kissed me at the mall, and just now. You're hot inside, but I don't know what that means."

"Was that what I felt?" Lauren murmured. "I thought you were just a good kisser."

"It's more than that," Annalise said through her blushing. "I- Well I've been with a few guys, but I always need to stop before we get to sex. My powers started a fire inside me, like a furnace, and if I lose control of it I can be dangerous. So blowjobs are pretty much all I've done before. We, ah, we'll need to figure something out if I'm going to give everything to you." She lowered her head, "I probably should have told you before, I just... I wasn't sure what to say."

I reached out and took her hand in mine. "Look, I know you offered yourself to me, but I'm not going to take your virginity as payment for my judgement. That's not even close to fair."

"Are you any good at blowjobs?" Lauren asked after a warm look to me, obviously approving.

"Well I didn't get any complaints," Annalise said, smiling just a little. Those smiles, small and just with her lips, were a lot more attractive than her full ones.

Lauren slapped Annalise's ass like a football coach, "Well, get to it then." She grinned and took ahold of my dick, waggling it at the other girl. "And I bet you can't get the whole thing in your mouth. If you can, I'll let you watch me take it in the ass."

Annalise looked from my dick to Lauren, then back to my dick, then around to Lauren's butt. "Done," she said, her eyes lighting up at the challenge. She slipped to her knees and took my dick in her hand, holding it by the base as she considered it for a moment.

I have to admit, I have a pretty nice looking dick after I bumped it up to a solid eight inches with my first spell. I was just under average before that, and I still appreciated that Lauren had been more than willing to suck and fuck me before the change.

Annalise brought her face closer and I thought she was going to kiss it, but instead she slowly slipped it between her lips until she had the entire head up to the ridge in her mouth, her tongue slowly circling it firmly and pushing at the sensitive flesh.

"Hmmm," I hummed in pleasure, my arms sliding back to support myself as I watched her.

Her eyes flicked up to mine and I could feel my dick harden and grow to that final, steely pinnacle. Her eyes were totally orange now, literally smouldering as she looked up into mine. "Wow," I said.

One corner of her mouth quirked and she pulled back slightly before sliding her lips further down my shaft, stopping about halfway before sliding back, her cheeks impacting as she sucked hard on the out slow out stroke.

"Hoo, wow, ok," I said, my head going back as the pleasure spread through my body. Her mouth was everything that could be expected, plus a hint more because of that tingling heat. It wasn't just a warmth, it was the heat of a hot shower on a cold day and I could practically imagine steam.

Lauren got on the bed behind me, kneeling with her legs on either side of one of my arms as she looked over my shoulder at Annalise. "Does that feel good, babe?" She asked me. I nodded and could practically feel the naughty grin I knew was on her face. Her teeth bit into my shoulder ever so lightly as she spread her kneeling legs until I felt her pussy squash onto my fist, braced into the bed. She was already wet, though not soaking like I knew she could get.

Annalise was taking more and more of me, then suddenly stopped and pulled her mouth off of me completely. She held my dick higher and started lapping at the shaft with her tongue before darting lower and giving my balls the same treatment briefly.

"Ooh, look at that," Lauren moaned as she ground her pussy into my knuckles. I would have turned my hand over and started helping out but I needed it to brace my weight. "Perfect form, she isn't even forgetting the balls. But I bet she can't deep throat you." Lauren flicked my earlobe with her tongue and then sucked it into her mouth lightly.

The fire mage pulled away, her orange eyes looking to Lauren, then she opened her mouth wide and took me as deep as she could, which ended up being a surprising two thirds before I hit the back of her mouth. She pulled back out partially and bobbed once, twice, three times. Then she pushed forward all the way, her hands sliding to my thighs as she pushed the head of my dick into her throat. The heat got more intense and my hands curled into fists as I felt her swallowing over and over, her throat rippling around me dick as she buried her nose in my groin.

"Uuugh," I groaned loudly.

Annalise was making that "Uck, uck, uck," sound you hear in porno's when the chick is going hard on the blowjob, though they weren't nearly as pronounced and I found it sexy instead of gross. That might have been the fact that it was my dick being choked on though.

"Fuck," Lauren said as Annalise bobbed once more than came off my dick gasping for air. "Guess there's gonna be some booty loving going on."

Annalise's nose crinkled up as she flashed us one of her toothy smiles before she raised an eyebrow at me and took my dick in her mouth again, sliding all the way down with only a slight hesitation at her gag reflex point before she was deep throating me again.

"Oh, fuck," I said, "Wow. So good."

Lauren was holding onto my arm as she continued to grind her wet pussy against the knuckles of my hand. She squeezed me lightly, "Better?"

I knew what she was asking, and I didn't hesitate to answer truthfully. "A little, but honestly it's the magic heat thing."

Lauren snickered and kissed my shoulder, "Nothing I can do about that then. Enjoy."

Annalise spent the next few minutes giving me toe curling pleasure, her eyes darting between mine and Lauren's, and occasionally lower to wear she could see Lauren's lewdly spread legs wrapped around my arm and hand. She finally pulled back from my dick, which was now liberally covered with spittle and pre-cum. She started suckling on my head again, giving her throat a rest, but Lauren quickly got up from her place, leaving my now wet hand cool in the open air.

Crouching behind Annalise, Lauren wrapped her hands around the girl's waist, tugging her back a bit until she released my dick. "You need to use these," she said, reaching up and fondling the other girls breasts. "I want you to titfuck my boyfriend."

Annalise raised her eyebrows, but quickly shifted her kneeling so that she was raised up a bit. She leaned forward, but Lauren pulled her back, craned her neck over the girls shoulder and let a long trail of spit ooze from her puckered lips into Annalise's cleavage.

Annalise did the same, their spit intermingling, and Lauren reached around and rubbed it into the deep cleavage until it was shining. Hefting the boobs in her hands, Lauren leaned forward with Annalise and trapped my dick between the massive tits.

At this point I was peripherally aware that Lauren's hard nipples were probably pressed into Annalise's back, their contact way more sexual than just hand-on-boob. I couldn't think about it, or even wonder at how hot that was to see, because Lauren started fucking me with Annalise's tits.
