 ====================================

All characters are 18 years or older.

This story is a continuation of the Font of Fertility series. I would suggest reading the previous chapters if you have not already. This chapter includes teasing, light exhibitionism, incest (bro/sis, sis/sis), group (mfff) and anal.

Teasing and temptation with Stacey and a big Christmas miracle for Jeremiah and the girls.

Thanks to Ante_matter for edits and the anonymous fan for their scene suggestion.

====================================

***1 - An Almost Normal Day***

I woke up hollow again and it took me a moment to realize that I was missing the feeling of someone next to me. My first incoherent thought was wondering where Lauren was, but quickly turned to where Stacey might have been.

Lauren couldn't sleep in my bed at home, at least not yet, and as I lay there I hazily thought about the afternoon I had spent in her room not even a week ago. We had fucked in earnest and then spent hours lazily loving each other. More than any other event in the past two weeks, that was my favourite. Yes, bringing her sister Lindsey into our torrid, magically fuelled escapades had been amazing, and so had fucking Annalise until the three of us were totally spent, but learning what the real meaning of 'whispering sweet nothings' was still made me smile. It was the most normal thing we had done together and the memory was sweet instead of lusty.

Lauren, Lindsey, and now Stacey. As I yawned and slowly sat up in bed, visions of my sister flitted through my head - her lithe body teasing me in my half-dream state. She wanted to be more than what we were, wanted more from me than we had already done - the change scared me a little bit, but I was mostly elated at the prospect. I had always loved my sister, but I had also lusted after her over the years and that was going to be fulfilled. Hopefully sometime soon.

With Lindsey, bringing her into my quickly growing 'harem' had felt as natural as being with Lauren. They might have been sisters, but they had quickly developed into lovers in their own right as well. Will it be the same with us? I thought, considering Stacey. Then I realized how easily I had been slinging around the term harem in my mind and I was a little shocked at myself. When Adama, the obscene mentor figure teaching me to use my magical abilities, had first told Lauren and I that I would need a harem of girls to power those abilities it hadn't really clicked in what that meant. I mean come on, that was moments after I lost my virginity, my mind was a little preoccupied at the time.

Less than two weeks later I had two, nearly three, people who had been close to me in one way or another my entire life in that circle. Not to mention others more than willing to boink me whenever I wanted; Annalise and Angela from the mall were welcome, that bitch Emily Roberts from school was throwing herself at me for some reason, and maybe even my english teacher Mrs. Morrison was interested if I was reading the signs right. The world had gone topsy-turvey and I was just along for the ride.

All of that going on, and I still felt like I was missing something. The fact that I woke up alone bothered me - I didn't just want sex, I wanted a life full of relationships. I wanted to wake up next to Lauren and snuggle in close as we tried to ignore the alarm clock for just one more minute, or maybe drift awake to find her already in the shower and interrupt her morning by slipping inside with her. And not just with Lauren, I wanted that with Lindsey and I wanted that with Stacey. Maybe all the sex was going to my head.

Staggering downstairs, my musings were interrupted by the one woman in my life who seemed to be completely oblivious to the changes in me.

"Well, look who finally rose from the grave, and at only 10:30 in the morning," Mom said as she set her book down and eyed me from her seat at the kitchen table. "Merry Christmas Eve, Jeremiah."

I walked over and kissed her on the top of the head before heading to the cupboard for a box of cereal. "Morning Mom. You have anything going today?"

"Not much, I think your Father still has some gift shopping to finish off so I'll be around the house all day. Don't forget about-"

"The Baxley-Grant Family dinner." Stacey finished Mom's sentence as she staggered down the stairs looking as if she were still half asleep. "Coffee?"

Mom pointed her to the half-full pot and then gave Stacey a disapproving glance once her daughter's back was turned. My sister was wearing a shirt I think I'd seen her in when she was twelve, the tiny thing baring most of her taut midriff and clearly showing she wasn't wearing a bra as her pointed nipples paraded in front of her. The only other thing she had on was a pair of old panties that were probably a size or two too small as well. "Ahem," Mom said once Stacey had her steaming mug and turned around, leaning on the counter.

Stacey quirked an eyebrow and followed my Mother's glance down at her body before blushing and heading for the stairs. "Sorry, I just wanted-"

"Coffee." My mother finished for her.

My mom and I chatted for a bit, which turned into her mostly grilling me about Lauren and I. How had we started dating, how was the first date, how did our friends Jay and Benji feel? I stopped the conversation when she asked if we had kissed yet, knowing if she kept asking questions she would end up figuring out some things she just did not need to know.

I had finished my cereal and was clearing up the dishes, mom having gone into the family room to read some more, when Stacey made her second appearance of the morning. She sauntered into the kitchen, glanced over her shoulder at our mother in the next room, then walked right up to me and kissed me.

It wasn't a sibling-kiss. Full tongue, body rubbing against mine and pressing me into the counter. She was wearing one of her heavy duty sports bras and stretchy yoga pants, her muscled tummy bare as my hands drifted to her sides and my thumbs traced over her abs. She smelled sweet and sharp, her freshly applied deodorant still fragrant on her, and her auburn hair was messy but pulled back in a pony tail.

She hummed into my mouth as we ended the kiss, looking slightly up at me due to our height difference. "Mmm, morning bro," she grinned, reaching past me for the cereal box I had just put away. "Once I'm done you wanna work out a bit?"

"Sure," I said. She was still standing in front of me, her pelvis leaning close and brushing against the hard head of my dick as it tented my shorts. She knew exactly what she was doing to me and the look in her eye said she loved the fact that she could tease me so easily. "Five minutes?"

"Sounds good." She turned and for a brief moment backed up into me. Stacey still had the best ass I had ever seen, and that included the hours and hours I had spent watching porn. Each cheek was like it's own little half-globe, firm and tight; the idea of being able to bounce a quarter off of her wasn't hard to believe.

She sauntered over to the kitchen table, winking at me as I openly adjusted my dick in my shorts so that I could walk back past our currently oblivious mother. I made it upstairs and changed into some tighter briefs, trying to keep control of my magically-enlarged dick, before throwing on some workout gear and meeting my sister in the basement. She had a little workout area down there in an unfinished portion with some simple weights; usually she just did yoga and cardio at home in the living room in front of the TV, and left the weight lifting and stuff to the gym, but with our mother reading we didn't want to disturb her.

Stacey eyed me up when I came down the basement stairs, obviously looking for the bulge in my pants. "You ready to sweat?" she asked with a grin.

"Let's do it," I replied, clapping my hands together.

It was only the second time I had worked out with my sister, but this time I knew what she was talking about when she suggested our next exercise. Stacey still thought I had been working out for the past six months in order to get in shape and feel confident when I asked Lauren out, so it had been a little awkward that first time when she had needed to correct my pushup stance, or explain what stretches I should have been doing.

Now, with at least some of her knowledge passed on to me, I was keeping up easily and the the competitive streak in her flared. Stacey liked to win a lot; it was one of the reasons family game night had become family movie night - she hated it when I beat her. Those were probably the only times we had fought when we were younger. Now she had more self control, but I could still see the look in her eye as she pushed herself to do one more set of sit-ups, one more rep with the weights, to try and outdo me.

I was heaving for breath after we did pull-ups with a bar mounted to a ceiling brace and Stacey slapped my ass in a sportsmanlike way, "Come on bro, not getting tired yet are you?"

This had to stop, I could tell she was just as tired as I was but wanted to win so much she was hiding it. In response I slapped her ass, but instead of doing it like I was a football player I let my hand cup her buttcheek, squeezing for a moment and feeling her up. Stacey faltered and turned to me, the look in her eyes changing in the type of passion. She licked her lips and adjusted the straps of her athletic bra; the mood had clearly changed dramatically.

"Squats," she said, turning around so that her back was to me. "You probably haven't been doing them, but they're great for your legs, your ass, your lower back, even your core. Just stand behind me and copy what I'm doing."

I followed her directions and watched as she spread her legs apart at about shoulder width, then bent at the knees and hips while keeping her back straight, squatting down until her ass was a couple of inches from her ankles, then slowly raising back up. Her ass looked fucking amazing in the tight yoga pants as she repeated the motion. Stacey looked over her shoulder at me with a grin and a silly wiggle of her eyebrows, "This is a really good exercise for practicing other things too. Riding a bucking bronco for example."

There was no way I couldn't have caught the innuendo as I watched her do another squat.

"Come on Jerry," Stacey teased, "Try it out."

My legs were burning by the time she called it quits, rubbing her hands into her muscles hard to ease the ache in them. "Ok, time to cool down. Have you ever tried yoga?"

I don't think what she was showing me was regular yoga. There was a whole lot of ass-in-the-air poses, a bunch of legs-spread-apart poses, and more than a few that had her head near my crotch while she looked to my face. I was almost at my limit with the teasing when she did her back arch, her arms over her head and feet braced as she pushed her pelvis and abdomen to the sky, her tightly muscled belly flexing as she breathed in and out and her small tits pressing out against her bra.

Her phone bingled and she released, slipping onto her back before rolling onto her belly and standing sinuously to walk over to where it was plugged in. As she was texting someone my phone bingled as well and when I checked it, Lauren had texted.

Coming over - Jay and Benji want to show us something. 15min. <3 You.

I texted back confirming then looked to Stacey, who was unplugging her charger from the wall. "Looks like we're done for now," she sighed, strolling over to me and wrapping her arms around me in a hug. "That was a good workout, but I can't wait until we can really hit the cardio hard."

Her pelvis was grinding against mine again as we hugged each other and she looked up at me. "Neither can I," I replied. "Lauren's gonna be here in 15 too, mind if I take the first shower?"

"Uhm, I have some friends coming by to pick me up in like twenty. I was kinda hoping to go first."

"My showers are quicker," I countered.

"Yeah, but that doesn't help the fact that you use up all the hot water," Stacey grimaced.

"Well..." I said, trailing off. I looked from her to the stairs then back, then we were racing.

I made it to the stairs first and was halfway up when I felt her fingers catch my workout shorts and yank them down to my ankles. I had to stop at the top of the stairs and pull them up, trying to block her from passing with my butt, but she squeezed past. Our mom said something about no roughhousing as we ran past her, her nose still in her book and some jazz singer belting a christmas tune from the stereo.

Catching up to Stacey as she was opening the upstairs washroom door, I picked her up by the waist as she shrieked her laughing indignation and hauled her down the hall into her room, tossing her onto the bed and then turning and sprinting for the washroom. I slammed the door behind me and turned on the shower, stripping quickly. "I got first!" I yelled.

The door opened as I was stepping into the shower and Stacey walked in, leaning against the counter and crossing her arms. "Go ahead," she said, her eyes trailing down my body and fixating on my dick for a moment before raising back to meet my eyes.

I shrugged and left the shower curtain open, dousing my head in the stream of water. We'd gone way past seeing each other naked, and what with all of the other things I'd been doing with girls recently having one watch me shower might have been the most innocent, even if it was my sister. As I wiped the water from my eyes though, I found Stacey stripping off her yoga pants and panties, her bra already lying on the floor.

Her body was hard and thin and muscled where Lauren's was athletic but still had a softness. Stacey pulled her thick auburn hair out of the ponytail she'd had it up in and shook it out briefly, setting her small tits to wiggling on her chest briefly. They were what some guys called 'mosquito bites,' nearly flat chested like a boy, but she didn't come close to the breast size of the Baxley sisters. Her nipples were as hard as ever, easily over half an inch long and begging to be teased.

Stacey licked her lips again as she looked me over one last time before stepping into the shower with me, taking my hand as I offered it to help her step over the side of the tub. "Might as well share," she said lowly with a twinkle in her eye. "We're siblings after all."

I stepped back and allowed her to step into the stream of water, watching her body move as she ran her fingers through her hair, letting it soak through. I put my hands on her waist lightly and she leaned back into me, my hard dick pressing into her ass and back between us. I circled her waist and slowly slid my hands up her abdomen, watching the water cascade over her hard body, until my hands slid up and over her tits, nipples catching on my fingers until I let them slip between my middle and ring fingers on either side, pinching them lightly in between as I palmed the rest of her small breasts.

"Mmm," she moaned softly in her throat. "You have nice hands." Hers were still up in her hair, but she reached back and up, weaving them into mine instead as she rotated her hips, grinding her ass back at me. I massaged her chest, rubbing her nipples between my fingers, and our breathing slowed to match each other.

"We need to pick this up," Stacey sighed, then turned in my grasp and flashed me a wicked grin. "You should wash your hair, I think I can take care of down here." She knelt at my feet as she grabbed my body wash, squirting some into her hands before she delicately started rubbing it into my crotch. We were on a clock, particularly since I didn't want to get caught by our mother sharing a shower like this with my sister, so I tried to enjoy myself while also washing my hair. I was mostly done when I felt Stacey take me in her mouth, sucking me hard and quickly while wiping soap out of her way with her hands as I rinsed my hair.

When I was done rinsing I eased her off of me and back to standing. "Your turn," I said simply, kneeling down myself as I turned her around so that her ass was pointed back at me. I soaped her up quickly, my hands running over her muscled thighs and thick ass cheeks, which she flexed under my touch with a giggle. I also carefully soaped her pussy, not really sure how girls really cleaned themselves down there other than that one time I had showered with Lauren. She moaned as my fingers trailed along her slit while she worked shampoo into her hair and scalp. I rinsed her as best I could, then nudged her legs apart until she was standing as widely spread as the tub would allow.

Stacey helpfully leaned forward and arched her back, giving me more of an opening to push my face forward and begin eating her out from behind. I used my lips and tongue to blindly get at any part of her I could, my forehead and cheeks gloriously pressed into her ass, which flexed against me repeatedly as I hit some of her sweet spots with my tongue. Stacey moaned her way lightly through rinsing, conditioning and then rinsing out her hair again as I plundered her depths, squeezing her wonderful ass with both hands and spreading her apart so that I could drive my tongue deeper into her, my nose nudging against her back door before I brought my tongue to it, teasing her asshole lightly before returning to the hot juices leaking from her pussy.

"Done," she breathed heavily as she stepped away from me. I stood and Stacey had her arms wrapped around my neck and was kissing me heavily, our tongues dancing a swordfight of parry and thrust as our hands roamed slick, wet and muscled bodies. I was rock hard, she was dripping. We were ready.

Stacey lifted one foot and set it on the edge of the tub, spreading herself open and she fished my dick around and ran the head against her hot center. I tingled in her grasp, her fingers along my shaft and the head begging to find it's place in her. She took a deep breath and raised up on tiptoes, positioning me properly so she could sink down onto my dick.

"Wait," I gasped, the word ripping from my chest through all of the pleasure, "We can't. Not yet."

"What?" Stacey groaned in surprise.

"Lauren," I said, "We need to talk to Lauren first. That's the deal."

She still had my dick in her hand, rubbing my head against her labia desperately, "But... no..."

"I'm sorry," I said, letting go of her and moving her barely an inch away, but enough that we weren't conjoined. "I'm sorry."

"I- what?" She stammered.

I turned her around forcefully, mirroring our position when she first got in the shower with me standing behind her, except this time I was off to the side and my dick was jutting out past her hip. I slid my hands down her body until one slipped between her legs, quickly burying two fingers into her steamy pussy while the other brought fingers down to diddle at her clit.

"No sex," I said breathily, "That was the deal last night. No sex until we talk to her. But we can still get off."

Her hand came up and she grabbed my dick, quickly starting to jerk me off. "Ok," she groaned, "Ok."

Our shower lasted twelve minutes, give or take. Most of that was Stacey and I leaning against each other as we worked each other over with our hands. I came first, shooting my load onto the shower wall as Stacey wanked it out of me with a firm grip, and she followed quickly once she let go and just let me support her weight as her knees buckled through her own finger-induced orgasm.

I couldn't keep my hands away from her while we were drying off, palming her ass and kneading it, fingers delving between her muscled cheeks and teasing at her holes below. "You know you have the greatest ass in the world, right?" I said quietly to her.

She smiled and snorted, "Yeah, ok."

"I'm serious, Stace. I could spend hours just playing with your sexy tush."
