 As some of my readers know, I love mythology! I enjoy myths from across the world, and it is really fun to study them, and see what place they have in the history, and society, of a country/race. You have various sub-genres - creation, hero sagas, how an animal got a particular feature, and so on. There's also plenty of stories where women get the short end of the stick - which is not only apparent in myths, but history. I'll avoid a long rant about how patriarchal society sucks, but I will say that some of the myths I've read where women are treated unfairly just make me go WTF.

The story of how Joukahainen challenged Vainamoinen is one such story. It is part of an epic Finnish story known as the Kalevala, comprised almost 200 years ago to collect and string together old Finnish myths. This particular story has a young, talented man going up against a sorcerer/musician who he sees as old and easy to defeat. However, the young man's arrogance is his downfall as he is bested by Vainamoinen, and his life becomes forfeit. In desperation, Joukahainen offers his sister, Aino, in marriage, which Vainamoinen accepts. In the original story, Aino drowns/kills herself, or turns into a salmon. Either way, she's pretty much screwed by her brother's stupidity as her life is either literally or figuratively over.

I read this story ages ago when I was little in a collection of world myths. At that time, I did not think much of it, as I was fairly young at that time. I came across it again several years ago, and with a much more mature and critical perspective, the story stuck with me.

Kanteles, which are prominently featured in this story (as well as the Kalevala, and also known as a harppu in the Sami language) is a string instrument which can be compared to a zither.

Instead of going with the long build-up of the original story, I decided to simply dive into the action with an important scene between the two men. If you're curious about the original story, you can Google it.

o0o

Joukahainen clawed at the mire around him with desperation, hearing the cursed singing of the old man as Vainamoinen calmly plucked his instrument, his digits dancing across the strings with the ease of long experience and skill.

The young man's fingers only sunk in the dirt as he sought purchase, and he tried to grab anything that might offer him hope - a root, some grass, anything - but the mud continued to swallow him up, inch by inch, and desperation clawed at his chest. He had been confident that the old man would be easy to defeat, for surely someone as ancient as Vainamoinen would not have much magic left in his veins. When he had first approached the sage, Vainamoinen looked like any other old man, wizened and gnarled, with the flowing beard that one only saw on men of advanced age.

Joukahainen tried to sing, but as he sunk further, he found this harder to do as the mud was not only wet, but it was cold, and the singing he had once been able to do with ease, had now become next to impossible, the mud seeming to squeeze the air out of his lungs. Was it just his imagination, or did Vainamoinen look much more sturdy than he had before, his fingers moving swiftly across his kantele?

"Please, you have won, you have proven yourself more skilled and powerful than I!" Joukahainen managed to gasp, the words bitter as they escaped his mouth, for he had never been defeated before in an actual duel.

"Whatever you want, I forfeit! You can have my gold!" he cried out, wanting the mud to simply let him go. Its embrace was the complete opposite of a woman's, cold yet hard, and he wanted nothing more than to be free of it, and Vainamoinen's song now sounded more like a funeral song than anything else.

"Your gold?" the old man scoffed, even his voice seeming more robust than when he had first been encountered. "What need have I of gold? Seems to me you should spend less time groveling and more pulling yourself out of that hole."

The music ceased, and Vainamoinen rose from the boulder upon which he had been seated, his figure seeming to fill Joukahainen's vision as he approached. Even a child would have been able to look down at him, but the young man was certain that Vainamoinen was taller than he had once been.

"Look at you, rolling around in the mud! What happened to that man who was so filled with confidence at his power and skill?" His features pulled into a sneer, his teeth much whiter and straighter than someone would expect of a very old man. It was all too obvious that the great bard took pleasure in his suffering, and Joukahainen squirmed around in great discomfort. "Maybe next time you'll think twice before trying to make a name for yourself attacking an old man, hmm?"

Unceremoniously, Vainamoinen plopped himself down near the sinkhole. Humming to himself he began to adjust the strings of his instrument, acting almost as if Joukahainen wasn't even there... at least for a few moments. "I have a run-in with children like you every once in awhile. The type that don't think they can beat a man in his prime so they go looking for the old and infirm. Would be a lot easier to crawl out of there with a backbone, I bet." Reaching over to grab a handful of dirt, Vainamoinen stretched out to release it upon the head of his challenger.

Joukahainen wanted to glare at the old man, for hadn't he been trying to crawl out of that hole? But it seemed the more he struggled, the deeper he sunk. If anything, the mud had seemed to solidify around his feet, preventing him from kicking upwards, and instead was now pulling him down further. The mud crawled up his chest, and now went past his armpits.

"You have proved your power over me, Vainamoinen. I see your words are true. Can I offer you my inheritance, then? I have much lands, and they are yours, if you will let me go!" Joukahainen pleaded. He did not look forward to losing such a sizable birthright, and his father would be livid, to be sure, but he was young and had much talent. He was confident that he would be able to obtain more land in the future, to be sure. Right now, his primary concern was his life. "You know of my family, and the acres upon fertile acres of land that I have. Please take it!" he pleaded, all thoughts of singing now past, for it was clear that his singing and magic would not get him out of this, all he could do was grovel, and what a bitter defeat it would be, but at the very least, he would have his life!

"And now lands too? If I wanted lands, I would have all of Lapland. If I wanted gold, I would have enough to fill that hole you can't manage to climb out of, and to cover this entire field. You have nothing I want, boy... and you speak in desperation." The old man let out an overly dramatic sigh, closed his eyes and shook his head. "Saying you learned a lesson and actually learning it are two very different things. Your words hold no value when you are simply saying whatever you think will get you out the fastest. They might as well be the wind, raging but saying nothing." He craned his head looking down on the youth with a sardonic smile. "I could simply walk off and leave you here. Maybe then you'd understand... for a few moments, at least." The old man played at getting to his feet.

"No, no, no!" The mud was now up to Joukahainen's chin. Within a few minutes, he would be completely sunk into the ground. Frantically, he tried to think of something, anything! Then he paused. His sister. Aino was twenty summers old, and should have been married by now, but she kept driving off her suitors, to the frustration of his parents. Vainamoinen might not be interested, but then, anything was worth trying.

"Wait... my sister, Aino! Would you like her? You have gold and land, but have you a beautiful young woman?" he gasped, trying to keep his chin above the mud.

To his great relief, the powerful sage stilled.

"You would bargain away your sister?" he asked, turning around slowly. Joukahainen found himself under the scrutiny of half-lidded eyes. He cringed, wondering if he'd made a grave miscalculation and was about to be at the receiving end of a lecture on bargaining away family members.

Vainamoinen started plucking at the strings of his kantele in an almost languid manner, and Joukahainen felt the earth around his ankles loosen their grip. With what bordered on a sob of relief, he hurled himself forward to the edge of the mud-pit, puling himself forward after digging his fingers into the solid earth.

"Much I have heard of your talent, and so have I also heard of your sister's beauty. I have little use for your life, and find more value in the companionship of a lovely young woman."

Joukahainen's head dropped to the grass, and he let out a slow breath.

"Know this, boy. If you make this deal with me and I do not receive my end of it, there are places far more unpleasant than a mud-hole in the ground. I've seen things that would turn your hair white and make your eyes bleed. You were already foolish in challenging me. Do not compound your error by going back on your word. Practice a bit of honesty and self-awareness and perhaps, just maybe, you'll be able to challenge me again someday. In another sixty or seventy years or so, at least."

After several moments to gather his strength, Joukahainen hoisted his lower half out of the mud, crawling several feet across the grass, very much resembling a golem not yet baked. His very mien was a far cry from the confident, well-dressed man that he had been that morning, leaving his house with a confident swagger and his best clothing, certain that he would defeat an old man. How comical he looked, on all fours, coated in mud like a pig, how his friends would have laughed if they could see him! How relieved he was that he had gone to challenge the old man alone, for he would not have been able to live down the shame otherwise. 

"I might have been a fool to challenge you, but I am not so foolish as to go back on my word, good sir. Simply give me a time, a few days if you will, so I can hurry on home and inform my sister and family of their good fortune." Knowing his parent's frustration with Aino, he was certain they would be happy for someone so powerful as a son-in-law.

Vainamoinen gave him a curt nod. "Show some respect to your elders and clean up first. You look like you've laid amongst swine." He gave out a snort, regarding the sight before him with a dismissive wave of his hand. "A fortnight you will have, before I lay claim to my prize. I have some patience, at least. Speaking of patience, reflect on it as you limp home, defeated. A tree is climbed from its base, not from any branch you choose. You have a long way to go before you're ready to challenge me. Reflect on today. A man cannot be called wise until he understands how much he doesn't know."

"Yes, sir," Joukahainen replied meekly as he pulled himself to his feet, looking down at himself as he tried to shake off as much mud as he could.

o0o

With an ease that spoke of long experience, Aino hoisted the yoke over her shoulders, balancing the two buckets of water that hung from either side of it before she left the well to water the garden around the corner of the house. After dispersing the water along several rows, she turned to go back to the well and fetch more water. A movement at the edge of the woods caught her eye, and paused just behind the corner to see her brother emerge from between the trees, looking somewhat wan, his broad shoulders stooped. He was missing the sleigh and reindeer he'd left with to challenge Vainamoinen.

She raised her eyebrow as he furtively made his way across the clearing, and she did not need to ask him how his confrontation with Vainamoinen went.

He was a horse's ass, and she'd told him just that when she'd heard him boasting to his friends how he would challenge the old man. The afternoon sun clearly illuminated his clothing, which revealed deep stains despite an attempt to wash them. The once-white fabric of his shirt was now a dull ocher, and the rest of his clothing was just as wrinkled as his shirt. His hair had been haphazardly tied back with a thong, and though it was apparent he'd tried to straighten the shoulder-length blonde hair with his fingers, his travails left his tresses looking more like a bird's nest than anything else.

One other fact was as plain as her brother's state of disarray. He was trying to sneak home without anyone observing him. If she had needed any further confirmation of the outcome of his duel with the powerful sage, this was it.

She grinned as she set down her yoke, and called out. "Greetings, dear brother! It is so nice to see you home safe and well! I take it your duel went well?" she asked, casually approaching him as she saw him stiffen. "It looks like your trip has taken its toll on you, however," she tutted with mock concern. "Mother worked so hard on that shirt, and now it's ruined." She gave his collar a sharp tug.

"Yes. Leave me alone, my trip has been tiring. I need rest."

She narrowed her eyes, and sharply twisted his collar. "Did I not warn you to leave things well enough alone?" she hissed. He quickly averted his gaze.

"Bloody fool. You will get no quarter from me."

"Please, Aino." His tone was pleading and doleful. She paused.

"I really am tired, and you were right. Can I not at least have a rest before you start crowing about how right you were?"

She sighed. "Be glad I am not without a heart, but don't expect me to wash your clothes. Go." She waved her hand, and he disappeared into the house. Mother was out helping another woman give birth, as she was a midwife and healer. Father was with his younger sons, fishing at the lake. Joukahainen would have come home at just the right time if she had not caught him. Given how much grief Joukahainen had caused her in the past, she was determined to make the most of this. There was no way that he would admit to his friends that Vainamoinen had humiliated him, and she gleefully pondered how she could make the most of the fact that she guarded the secret of his shame.

Once her chores were done, she decided that there was enough sunlight to take a walk in the woods and have some time for herself. There would be plenty of berries to eat, and she could gather some for later. The shade of the trees provided respite from a warm day, and the basket she'd carried with her was soon heavy with several varieties of berries.

o0o

There were many that believed that once one had lived long enough, everything became dull. Vainamoinen knew better. Live a long time with an open mind, and one would understand that the world always has the capability to surprise you just one more time. Of course, whether the surprise was welcome or not was an entirely different matter. He didn't doubt that Joukahainen would do what he could to keep up his side of the bargain - but the same could not be said for his sister.

Vainamoinen preferred to understand just what he would be getting. He'd seen the young woman a couple of times before, and was aware that her beauty was not simply a story told by her brothers or parents. He was a man, and not immune to the effects of a lovely young maiden, but he was also wise enough to look beyond appearances.

With his skill and experience, it took little effort for Vainamoinen to make it to the lands that Joukahainen's father owned, and to make it there before the young man did. With the sharp hearing that had come with the avian form he'd wrapped around himself, he might have cackled in laughter as he heard the upbraiding that Aino had issued her brother.

After several moments, he'd retreated into the forest and shrugged off his disguise. Finding a stream that he followed for a bit, he came to a clearing, and knelt by the water, taking a long, full drink as he studied his surroundings. The cool water was a welcome respite after his exertions - both physical and magical - and he settled down in the thick grass, pulling out his kantele and unwrapping it from the protective cloth he'd bundled it in.

He strummed the strings absentmindedly, striking several random notes before settling into a comfortable tune. The forest itself seemed to sway with the music, its natural sounds providing soft, subtle accompaniment. Vainamoinen paid it no mind. He had stopped being enamored with his own abilities long ago. Now he simply played for the enjoyment of the music and because, like any other skill, music must be continually practiced.

o0o

Aino stilled as she heard music playing. Her brother had a skilled hand, to be sure, but this was different. Instinctively, she knew that this was of a more sure and experienced hand, the notes holding a depth that Joukahainen's music was lacking in, and she was content to listen for a while, casually plucking blueberries into her mouth as she relaxed, leaning against a tree, her covered basket sitting near her knee. Finally, the music wound down, and she ventured to call out.

"Who is there?"

At first, there was silence, and she thought that perhaps the player was too far away to hear her. Before she could call out again, the music started up gain. She followed it to the stream that ran along near the border of her father's land. A wizened old man was sitting on the grassy knoll, his fingers plucking the strings of a fine-looking kantele. He looked like nearly any other old man she'd ever seen, with a long white beard and gnarled hands. He was dressed in comfortable, well-mended clothing, and she wondered where he had come from. Technically, he was trespassing, but he looked to mean no harm, and seemed to be utterly absorbed in his music-making. He did not even carry with him the implements for hunting or cutting wood.

Finally, he raised his head, staring at her quietly as he stopped plating.

"Who are you, and how have you come to be here?" she asked politely, maintaining her distance.

"I am but a humble old musician passing through. Do not mind me, I will be taking my leave before long." He set his kantele carefully to his side, placing his hands on his knees. "And just who might you be?"

Aino smiled a little. She almost said her name, but stopped herself. Her brother held a certain fame around these parts, and often, when someone learned her name, they would bring up her brother.

"Just a girl out looking for berries, and met with the pleasant surprise of music from skilled hands," she replied.

He gave out a good-natured chuckle. "Well, just-a-girl, have you found the berries you were looking for? Or did my music distract you before the job was done?"

She could not help but smile a bit at his friendly teasing, and decided to go with it. "Who says I can not do two things at the same time?" she asked, tilting her basket towards him so that he could see the fruit of her efforts.

"I suppose that is true. So, what kind of name is 'just-a-girl'? The kind one only gives to strange men they encounter in the forest? For what it's worth, it seems oddly fitting now that I get a good look at you. While you've got a spark in your eyes, they speak of experience. You've dealt with people treating you as 'just-a-girl', and you dislike it." He spoke the analysis blandly, as if it were a statement of fact rather than assumption.

She stared at him for a few moments, unnerved by the perception in his words. There was no use denying them, so she gave him a brief nod. "I don't know who you are, so best you not know who I am. And here when I am by myself, I can be me, and not 'just a girl'."

"But you're not by yourself," he commented with a smirk. "So you go back to being 'just-a-girl'?" He gave her a dry look before asking his next question flatly. "Why?"

She hesitated before squaring her shoulders.

"For someone who does not know me, you seem rather concerned with how I live my life," she replied, cocking her head to one side, studying him. He was definitely not one of the village elders, so who could he be? She doubted he'd wandered here many miles by himself, he didn't seem up to it, unless he was part of a traveling party. With that thought, she looked around quickly to see if others might be hiding.
