 Aino was all too aware of how vulnerable – and cold – she was as she looked up at Vainamoinen. The goosebumps along her skin were pebbled so hard as to be almost painful, and she was not sure from what she shivered more; cold or fear. His gaze was intense as he regarded her, and their eyes met for but a moment before she quickly looked away, tugging at the net in a vain attempt to seek escape from it.

"Did you really think I would use something as mundane as an ordinary net, to catch a ghost?" she heard Vainamoinen ask. A shadow loomed over her as he leaned over her, blocking the moon from her face. She felt his beard brush lightly against her shoulder, and instinctively recoiled from it, pressing herself against the side of the boat. "A deal was made, and agreed upon. You're coming with me, but I give you a choice. You can walk off this boat with me, or be dragged off it like a fisherman's catch. Which isn't too far from the case, as it is..." he said with a hint of mirth.

She let out a grunt of frustration as he gave the net a firm tug to emphasize his point, and looked back up at him, furrowing her eyebrows.

"I do not know why you persist in this foolishness, old man!" Aino said through gritted teeth, refusing to be cowed by him despite the obvious inequality of their respective positions. "I will not be bound by a deal I had no part in making! If you're so desperate for companionship, then take my brother instead, I'm certain he has enough experience in bed!"

Vainamoinen leaned back, letting out a cackle of mirth, his shoulders heaving as he sat down, leaning against the other side of the boat as he placed a hand on his stomach. His guffaws went on for several long moments before he composed himself enough to speak.

"Thank you," he said, before letting out another laugh.

"... What?"

"I have not laughed that hard in a good while. Laughter is good for one's body and soul, and it's been far too long since I've heard something so amusing. Your brother made much of your beauty, but he neglected to mention your wit." He took a deep breath and stared off for a moment before returning his attention to her, seemingly unmindful of her discomfort.

"At this moment, you are more bound by a net than you are by a deal. And, to a lesser extent, by your own foolishness. Assumptions are the root of many errors, just-a-girl," he grinned, his tone scolding. It was the tone of a man that had given enough lectures that he had long ago lost count.

She braced herself, partly from the cold, and an attempt to maintain whatever modesty she could, painfully aware of how the thin garment clung to her curves, the damp linen doing very little to hide her curves.

"What are you going to do to me now?" she asked, her voice quieter.

"That depends if you're willing to finally listen and learn. Or are we going to play more games? Perhaps you could turn into a bird? Or a hare? Or a deer? That is, of course, if you wish to waste time. When it comes to time, by the way, I have significantly more than you." He made a small harrumph sound. "Or you could do what I've wanted you to do since all this nonsense began – settle down, listen to what you've gotten yourself into, and learn where it is you'll be going from here."

Aino knew that it was useless to struggle, so she nodded meekly, the image of contrition as she lay there curled up near his feet, all tangled up in the net which kept her well-bound. "Very well then, Vainamoinen. It's clear that you have bested me just as you have bested my brother. So say your piece, and I will listen."

He stared at er for several moments, and she felt her cheeks pinken as she was subjected to his scrutiny, his eyes moving along her body. Was he thinking about the pleasures he could take from her?

"You and your brother share a few things... looks and magical potential among them," he shook his head. "However, there are some key differences. For one, he's a horse's ass. Secondly, his arrogance prevents him from ever achieving his fullest potential. This will likely never change. Arrogance can be the greatest of weaknesses."

"His arrogance certainly did him – and me – no good," she muttered.

"You do not possess his arrogance. At least, not most of it. And you have considerable potential. I suspect you've been taught nothing but cottage-magic, yet you managed to weave a salmon's skin for yourself. Why not something else?"

She gave a small, rueful laugh. "Oh, I did try. But you were correct about one thing. I was only formally taught cottage-magic. I almost wonder how I managed to create a fish-skin in the first place, but I was determined."

"And that determination will serve you well. If you were able to do it without formal instruction, imagine what you could do with a proper teacher. I propose a test. There's no punishment if you fail. This is merely to sate my considerable curiosity. And there is only one question. You claim that you were not your brother's to give. If that is true, then why did I claim you?"

Aino was silent for several moments before she spoke, meeting his eyes and speaking in a flat yet baleful tone. "Because from my experience, women are taught that they are second to men. From the time a woman is born, she is taught to serve men. First her father and brothers, then her husband, and then her sons. And likewise, men come to see us as something to serve them, something that is useful to them. They don't imagine that we might have our own dreams and desires as they do, or that they whatever shortcomings they have is because they're stupid, not because it in some way goes back to a woman. Joukahainen thought he could use me as a bargaining chip for his life instead of facing his own failures, and as for why you claimed me... I don't know. I'm no mind-reader. I would venture to say perhaps you're bored or lonely, or want a new servant. I don't know how you live or if you already have servants or women to do your bidding, so I can only guess at why you were so willing to take me when you refused my brother's inheritance."

"And here you are making assumptions about me again, my dear. You rebel against all women being treated the same. Then, in the same breath, you claim all men are the same," he exhaled, softly and slowly. "I could indeed take you as a servant. Servants are useful. Or purely to provide me with physical pleasures. I may be old, but I'm far from dead. However, a servant or bed-warmer would be fairly easy for someone like me to obtain. Those would bore me quickly."

His gaze became thoughtful and penetrating, as if he was no longer looking at her physical features. She seemed to no longer feel the coldness of the night air around herself, or her minimal modesty.

"I desire companionship... but I do not wish to be bored. This leaves you with an opportunity. You are like..." he ponders for a moment, "a lump of fine metal in the hands of a mystical smith. I could shape you into a tool with which to clean my home. I could fashion you into a mistress for my bed. Or, if you can learn to be open, there are almost limitless options to just what could be made. Perhaps, with the right skills and tools, you could even be molded into a magician capable of turning into a bird and flitting from that net. Of course, that would depend entirely on you. As you are now, you have a long way to go."

"I do have a long way to go, for you to best me so easily," Aino admitted with a sigh. What little she knew of magic outside of what she'd been taught, had been learned illicitly, from spying on her brother and his teachers when she'd the chance. Would Vainamoinen actually be willing to mentor her?

"It would not seem quite as long, provided you remain dedicated and open-minded."

"You would... teach me?" Aino asked, tilting her head as she looked at him.

"I made a deal with your brother, but I will make one with you, that I am sure you would like better. Be my companion, and I will be your teacher. Make no attempt to flee, and simply do as I ask of you. You will be well-provided for, and have all you need, and more."

Aino carefully considered her options, and was now becoming aware of not just how cold, but how exhausted she was. It was a tiredness that seemed to seep into her very bones, and even as cold as she was, she wanted to curl up in the corner of the boat and at least take a nap. Wearily, she nodded.

"Very good." He sounded relieved. "I am going to untie you. You do remember that you just agreed to no longer attempt to flee me, hm?" he asked dryly.

"I am not about to forget, especially when you've proven your strength over me," she whispered. A soft chuckle met her ears before she felt the weight of the net ease off her body.

"Have you any more clothes?" he asked kindly, almost chidingly, like a grandfather who'd noticed his granddaughter playing in the snow without her hat or mittens. "You are pleasing to look upon, but you will catch your death of cold soon enough, and then you really will be a ghost!"

"Ye... yes. I have a bundle near the shore, within the roots of that tree." She sat up, gesturing to a tree that overhung the lake, casting shadows which made its roots seem nearly invisible. He nodded and guided the boat towards it. Her legs felt almost leaden, but she scrambled out of the boat, almost slipping down a root or two, before wrestling a well-wrapped bundle from between two limbs.

It felt almost as if she'd forgotten to use her fingers during her time as a fish, and she fumbled with her clothing a bit, but Vainamoinen was silent. She kept her back to him as she pulled on a skirt, tunic, and a knit overshirt, along with a pair of light boots. It was the most clothing she'd worn in a while, and was a welcome if a bit strange sensation, like waking up from a dream that felt especially lucid.

Running her fingers through the tangles of her damp blond hair, she managed to pull it into some semblance of order before turning back to Vainamoinen.

"Better now?" he asked. Mutely, she nodded.

:"I would be feeling the same, if I'd been living in a lake for that long," he said gruffly. When the boat came to shore, he climbed from it easily and helped her out of it. As he pulled the boat ashore, it shrunk until it became no larger than a cup, and she blinked as he secreted the vessel away within his voluminous jacket. He smirked at her. "No easy feat, that, but you may learn how to do it some day. Now, get over here." He extended an arm.

She paused and then nodded, hastening over to his side before he pulled her against the warmth of his body. He smelled of various things, but none of them were unpleasant. There was pine, and a touch of smoke, and unless she was mistaken, there was an occasional whiff of stew and herbs, and embedded in his jacket was the smell of reindeer.

Speaking of... Aino blinked as Vainamoinen led her to a copse that was just off the lake, where several reindeer stood, casually munching on the grass. They were more magnificent than any other she'd ever seen, even her own brother's prized stock. They stood tall with thick, lustrous coats, and the most impressive horns she'd ever seen. They were harnessed to a sled which like them, were finer than any other she'd seen, though the vehicle was elegant in its simplicity.

"I trust you will not object to a ride," he said as he led her over to it. She shook her head as he guided her to sit down in it, and she settled into the frame, feeling the carved wood against her arms, safely cradling her as he placed his kantele in her lap. "Hold onto this, will you?" he asked without waiting for a response, and pulled a blanket over her, securing her and the instrument.

Vainamoinen got behind the sled, taking position before he gave out a sudden yell, and the beasts took off. The sled seemed to fly across the ground, as if the treads simply passed through anything that might cause it to jar, and she felt the sharp wind on her face. However, the blanket kept her comfortable, and despite the impressive speed with which things moved past them as the reindeer followed the commands of their master, Aino found herself falling asleep as she heard him singing to the reindeer.

o0o

Vainamoinen did not miss the fact that she'd fallen asleep, and he made no move to rouse her. She had obviously been unaware of the consequence of her actions, but she would learn of them soon enough. Their journey was swift as he sang to his reindeer, adding the wind to their step.

A modest but well-appointed manor came into view and he relaxed, looking forward to the comforts of home. It was nearly morning, and he was eager for a hot meal and some sleep. Quickly unharnessing the reindeer, he shooed them off. There was no need to lock them up in a stable, they were well-trained and would come to him when he called for them.

"Come," he stated simply as he roused her by pulling off the blanket and lifting the kantele from her lap. She yawned and stretched an arm over her head, blinking as she stared at him in confusion for a couple of moments before she remembered where she was. Straightening herself after sliding from the sled, she rubbed her eyes and cheeks a bit as she slowly turned to take in her surroundings. She stared at the house for several long moments.

"Are you disappointed?" he asked dryly as he gauged her reaction.

She blinked and shook her head before cracking a wide yawn.

"I can see you need sleep, but I'm sure you'd like something to eat before you do," he commented. This was met with a nod that carried more energy than her previous gesture. Leading her in the house, he kept her in the corner of his vision at least, taking in her reaction to her surroundings. He was not a man given to grandiose displays – at least, unless he was challenged – and preferred practicality over ostentatiousness. He had everything he needed, and some things he didn't, but his home was devoid of fripperies.

The main room was kept warm with a fire that had been carefully banked before he left, a pot of stew hanging over it that had been simmering all day, filling the chamber with the smell of venison and herbs. A soft rumble met his ears, and he glanced at Aino, who quickly looked down at the floor in mild embarrassment.

"What? Did you think that if you pretended to be a ghost, you wouldn't need to eat? Sit," he commanded, pointing to the table that stood to one side of the room, near the fire. She obeyed and folded her arms across the table, appearing as if she might doze off right then and there. Grabbing a couple of bowls and spoons he had on the ready, he scooped a generous helping of stew into both bowls and brought them to the table."

"Thank you," the young woman whispered as she took a deep breath, inhaling the welcoming scent of her meal. She lifted a spoonful and blew on it before eating it, and a soft, contented hum met his ears for a moment. He was silent as he observed her taking several more spoons, quickly blowing on each bite before swallowing the savory concoction. He filled two goblets with ale and brought them to the table, setting one in front of her. She gave him a nod of thanks, her mouth full of stew.

The meal passed by in companionable silence, Aino seeming to have forgotten the circumstances that had brought her here as she filled her stomach with the warm stew and cool mead. Once her bowl was empty, she stared at it for a moment before glancing back at the stewpot.

"Go on. There's plenty more," he encouraged. She seemed a bit surprised, but didn't need to be told twice, and had another bowl, as did he soon afterward.

"Can I sit by the fire?" she asked. He nodded, and she moved over to sit on the floor, stretching her fingers toward the flame as she closed her eyes. He ate slowly, savoring his meal as he watched her comfort herself with the warmth in her stomach and at her fingertips.

"It feels good, doesn't it?" he asked after some time had passed. She didn't respond, and he repeated himself more loudly. She startled, and slowly turned her head to look at him before she nodded.

"I was so cold, and hungry, before," she admitted quietly.

"Generally, when people run away, they take provisions with them," he pointed out before idly taking a swig of his mead.

"I did pack some food, but a few days after I ran away, some animals got into my provisions and carried away most of it while I was in the lake, so I was subsisting on berries and what else I could find," she sheepishly admitted.

"I can assure you, you have no reason to fear that here. Are you still hungry?" he queried.

"I are more than I usually would."

"These are not usual circumstances, are they?"

"I suppose not." She took a half a bowl of stew, eating more slowly now that her hunger pains were gone. Setting the bowl in her lap, she stared into the fire thoughtfully, her eyes becoming half-lidded as the energy given to her by her meal quickly waned, her body still needing to recuperate from her adventure. Without a rd, he moved around, gathering several furs and spreading them across the floor in front of the fire.

"Off with your clothes," he sad casually, as if he'd simply ashed her to remove boots or a jacket. She turned to stare at him, her eyes wide with apprehension.

"It's not what you think. You have been through an ordeal, and your body needs to recover. The time you spent as a fish, has been hard on your body, in more ways than one. It takes great energy to maintain the form of an animal, and a fish is different from say, a wolf or a bear. Wolves and bears have warm blood, and breathe air. A fish does neither. To take the form of a fish is taxing on the body, and for you to have spent so much time as a fish has taken its toll on your body," he stated matter-of-factly.

"The first couple of times I turned back to a human, to get food, I did not feel any more tired than I thought I should. But then later on..."

"I would suggest that you avoid being a fish, or any other animal, for a good while."

She offered a weak laugh in response to that. "I certainly see the wisdom in that." She glanced down at the furs he'd spread out. "Is it necessary for me to take off my clothes?"

"When you and I made a deal, we both agreed to certain things. I have provided you with things you need, namely food, and rest. And soon, more rest. You in turn agreed to do as I said."

She stared at him for several moments, and he could see her inner struggle as she tried to reconcile herself. Finally, she agreed, and rose to her feet, stepping out of her boots and stockings before removing her overshirt. He sat back on the balls of his feet, watching her patiently. Her back was to him as she pulled her shirt off over her head, revealing a pale expanse of back and shoulders before her hair fell back in place. Her hands slid down to her hips, and she hesitated before pulling down her skirt.

A warm tightness that he hadn't experienced in a long time took root within the pit of his stomach as he watched the fabric slide down her legs. The curves of her rear end and thighs were cast in sharp relief by the dancing lights of the fire, and his fingers twitched as he thought about caressing them. The thought of caressing them caused another part of his body to twitch, but he reined himself in.

"Lie down on your stomach," he instructed. She turned slightly before settling down on the furs, propping her head up with one elbow but keeping her gaze downcast, her hand covering the cheek that was turned toward him.

"I need you to relax. There is nothing to fear, what I am doing is something that will soothe you and help your body recover more quickly from what you've put it through."

"What is it?" she asked.

"I will sing to you, and rub your muscles," he explained. At that, she slowly turned her eyes towards him, curiosity now mixing in with the apprehension he'd seen before. Having already removed his jacket before he settled down for supper, his upper half was clad in a loose linen shirt. As she watched, he started to remove it. Once she saw what she was doing, she quickly looked away, and he smirked faintly to himself, but made no comment as he discarded the garment. In time, she should become more comfortable around him, and take the time to admire him.
