 Artemis woke up Early. Quite a shock if his adoptive father had been able to do more than moan and then roll back over. Artemis hated waking up early especially during a gig tour with his band Amadeus Midnight, but Artemis hated lines and roots showing worse. He had the entire weekend planned. Today before he went to get his roots blackened to cover his natural blonde he would take the early tour of the new jewel to the new German crown.

A city built focusing on beauty and freedom for mutant and peaceful humans. The ruler was a mutant himself. The Demon Prince they called him. A title he'd earned a few years back when a small army attacked the city and tried to steal his crown so they could start hunting the local mutant population and the sympathetic people in the city and surrounding country without the government stopping them. They had nearly succeeded when they killed the prince's oldest adopted son. The prince had the city abandoned to save the innocent bystanders most of the city went. Including the Demon Prince's adopted children that remained living.

But in a twist of power the prince decided to stay and avenge his son. Prince Demetri whom secretly had a pact with a group of werewolves in the surrounding forest pulled his strings with the 20 or so werewolves and called them along with his private guard which had refused to leave and summoned an army of 53 men to the main street in the center of the city and had his throne set up in the middle of the small army and set in wait for the 930 man terrorist army. The wolves laid in ambush out of sight so it appeared to only be the Demon Prince wielding a sword, draped lazily on his throne and 30 of his private guard.

As the rest of the story went the Demon Prince warned the terrorist army to run or die. They laughed and shot him in the chest. Then the prince which is thought to be invincible bent the gun barrel and flew into the army attacking. The entire attack lasted an hour. The terrorist army was decimated. Sadly the Demon Prince's mutant powers weren't controlled as well at that age and the prince in his bloodied and blood lust filled condition failed to recognize his fiance after the attack and killed her when she ran to him. Legends surround the I'll fated lovers final words as the Demon Prince came back to his senses and realized what he had done.

After the city had mourned and cleaned up the destruction the city became a beacon of hope for mutants like Artemis and a tourist attraction for not just the battle that happened, but for the huge castle, the large port, and the roses that were specially altered and tended by specialized gardeners to maintain warmth so they bloom through winter. Also the entire city is designed to look like the streets of old time Paris in the late 1890's minus the dirt. Which is why Artemis couldn't wait to see it. On a plus Artemis had pulled strings to if he started early he could get to tour the castle itself...

As usual Demetri woke early to find two of his adopted children and his dog in bed with him also not able to fit one of his legs in the bed. This wouldn't be so bad if he either had a smaller dog or could sleep in even once in a while. Sadly it was the biggest drawback to ruling new Germany. So Demetri slid out carefully of his bed as to not wake the dog and as a consequence the children that had crawled in and gotten past the locked door to get cuddle time.

After a quick bath and sneaking into one of the secret passages that riddled the place and found his way to the kitchen where he had a supply of blood in wine bottles on tap for first thing in the early morning or during meetings where emotions ran high and angry or filled with hate. Demetri was a rare breed of mutant. His mutation ran back thousands of years popping up over and over. Demetri was a vampirus omagus breed. His very DNA chose to advance and turn Demetri into an extremely close facsimile to a traditional vampire. Just no hypnotising powers, turning into animals, or fear of holy things. But two things the stories had almost spot on were the inability to survive in water and the fangs... Demetri did have a power worth having though. He could see perfectly in near pitch blackness.

So Demetri found his way to the kitchen in record time. After grabbing a wine bottle out of the fridge and sliding around the first made as they dragged into the castle Demetri slipped into another passage and climbed quickly to his study across the castle and two floors up within five minutes.

Demetri began going over repair orders and applications from micro countries wanting to either become part of new Germany or wanting to guarantee protection from new Germany in case they were attacked by more power hungry micro governments. Demetri only promised to help few countries because the other option would end in a complete disaster to the delicate peace. Demetri knew eventually the countries would collapse and wind up joining new Germany soon anyway. So why waste lives taking them. He had enough on his plate and with only torturing prisoners thought to be trying to either assassinate him or date his adopted teenage daughters Demetri felt tense.

After about four hours of straight work Demi closed his dark eyes and leaned his long haired blonde head back rubbing the back of his stiff neck. This caused him to drift off slightly as he imagined long lean fingers easing the tension out of his neck. Then his dream warmed slightly as the fingers eased into his collar and began to gently run nail back up to his neck. The dream sent a blaze of heat straight to his belly just shy of 8in manhood.

Demi let the dream continue and imagined long hair tickling his face as a warm pair of lips came over his head and pressed themselves to his mouth. His nipples hardened slightly as she grabbed his hair gently in a large handful and pulled his head back roughly making him moan into her mouth and begin to strain against his zipper.

Demi being alone unbuttoned his jeans and pulled the zipper freeing his manhood to his hand. It felt so good to just have it out of the confines of his jeans that Demi just held it and danced his fingers up and down the shaft as he drifted back into the dream.

The sexy woman was standing in front of him now and she was naked. Her nearly jet black hair grazed just at her nipples and the tips were already hard as rocks. Demi loved this fantasy. Especially since it was forbidden. Gwen's chocolate eyes begged him to just touch her extremely large breasts, to wrap his arms around her waist and lift her onto his desk... to fuck her till her screaming could be heard throughout the castle. What this fantasy wanted wasn't the easy lovemaking that had happened secretly long ago the dream wanted hard and Demi would give her what her lightly furry pussy dripping in it's honey longed for...

After he tasted her every inch...

In his fantasy he snaked his fingers into her hair and pulled her head back to reveal her white throat and pulse beating just a little faster in slight fear of his teeth piercing her soft silky neck. Demi leaned in and placed a trail of butterfly kisses to her ear and nuzzled into her mesmerizing scent...

Demi held back on the erotic massage he had been giving his manhood so he could finish his fantasy with an orgasm.

The fantasy began to take over. His hands were drifting across her waist and sliding over her stomach now. Meandering their way to her tight passage and her swollen clitoris. He gently flicked her clitoris and pinched it with his knuckles as he began to kiss his way down her neck and along her chest to her breasts, he pulled in a large nipple and swirled his tongue around the tight nipple, then grazing his teeth along the tip before using his tongue and front teeth to bite down slightly and then suck on her nipple.

Her moans were verging on soft almost mute screams of delight as her nails caressed his neck and back. Her nails dug in slightly as he pulled away before he unlatched her and then pulled her into a tender kiss. He smiled as their lips met and hers instantly opened for his gentle exploration of her tongue. The moans returned when he hit a sensitive place on the edge of her tongue and just grazed over it before pulling away again.

Twisting her around to sit in his soft office chair. Demi then dropped to his knees and pulled her to the edge of the chair dropping faint kisses down her belly and across her legs and working his way up kiss by kiss to her honey soaked clit. I changed my mind at the last moment. Instead of going straight for her treasure I kissed above it and kissed her thighs while tickling her. This infuriated her so much that instead of screaming my name and thrashing in my chair and grasping the arms for support this time she grabbed my hair with shaking hands and tried to force my mouth to her clit and the tight passage underneath.

Instead I let my head pull upward so I can look her in the eye and smile my evil smile as I shove two fingers inside her without warning. This makes her squirt cum up my hand in her first orgasm, but that's fine it's my plan. Then I kiss her panting body as she comes back down from the high. When she returns to her proper mind set she calls me a bastard and to which I simply kiss her thigh and gently take her hand before leaning backwards and tugging her along with me to the ornate rug and begin to caress her entire body.

But she has figured out my plan to make her cum again before I fuck her hard and has had enough of my game. She's decided it's time for her turn to take control. My beautiful dream licks her way down my neck and chest with her long tickling my sensitive body.

Demi wraps his fingers playfully around the tip of his penis head and twists them like a mouth playing with the tip and then expands his long thick fingers and slides them down his precum coated cock as his fantasy starts taking him into her mouth to his moaning of her name.

The dream lifted her beautiful curvatious leg and placed it on the other side of his head completing the amazingly enticing and completely arousing 69 position... This was something Demi only dreamed of when he knew he was alone because his moans could be heard though any door if anyone bothered to listen. The idea was his undoing getting to taste the sweet taste of his advisors oldest daughter and feel her work her magic was too much.

Demi shot a small load of creamy pearl like cum without warning as he fantasy cut forward from kissing her pussies burning hot and wet folds to switching positions and positioning himself between her legs...

He continued to breathe heavily as he pulled her legs onto his shoulders and gently curled her up so they could kiss. Demitri pulled her lower lip into a soft bite suckling on it as their juices blended in his mouth before returning to a full kiss so his fantasy could enjoy the taste of their blended cum in her mouth. Her mouth parted and she grabbed his tongue with her lips and began suckling on his in a returned fashion making Demi even harder. She bucked her hips trying to get him inside as she quickly let go of Demi's tongue so she could scream his name and beg him to fuck her.

Demi couldn't have refused her longer if he wanted. His penis felt like it would burst into flames if he didn't quench the desire with her tight wet pussy. Demetri slid his manhood into her wet passage in a single thrust. She was so wet her tight treasure practically on fire, but Demi couldn't have been more wrong as his penis slid into her wet hole it became even hotter and the flames began to take over more of his mind.

Demi began to thrust very slight movements at first as her hips rocked into him. It was delicious feeling as he rocked his penis into her g spot where she had trained him to hit during their one night together. As soon as he found it she arched her back and screamed his name as she started another orgasm. Feeling close to his own climax Demi began thrusting wildly and hitting her spot through her first wave of her climax and forced a second causing her to dig her nails into his arms which threw him over the edge and making him cum inside her tight, pulsating passage...

Demetri came moaning his dream woman's name as four shots of white hot cum jutted onto the side of his desk and his living fantasy woman opened the door to his office in reality. Cera Leaned on the door frame with her arms folded under her breasts provocatively.

Cera: So, so, so, Demi I see I'm still in your dreams. Perhaps we should fix that later.

Still in shock Demetri could only stare at her ear to ear smile and reply with an "uh huh" and try to stand without realizing he wasn't covered yet.

Cera's smile became a large round "O" as Demi stood revealing himself unintentionally to Cera for the first time in several years.

Cera: Demitri! Um... my have you grown since we were 16...

Demi realizing what she was saying smiled like an evil Cheshire cat and came up to her and draped himself against the door frame just above Cera's head and whispered in her floral scented hair. Want to find out just how much?

Cera moaned. "Mmmhmmm" she eased her arms around Demi's waist and spoke gently with a mischievous tone: Only if you want my father to find out. He's on his way and he's pissed off bad. I just thought I'd come by and warn you first. How about tonight? We'll meet here where the tykes haven't broken your lock with grape jelly... oh you might want to put your "big monster" away before father gets here and open the secret passage behind the desk so I can get away... for now... with that Demi and Cera quickly kissed Demi's lower lip before they Quickly broke apart and rushed to the passage and kissed farewell. Demi barely got his now slightly calmer manhood put away and back to his chair before his advisor Verin stormed in Demetri could taste terror coming off his advisor.

Verin: Mi' lord Demetri. Where the goddamn hell have you fucking been? There's an intruder that has been captured. Worse yet. The man could pass for your match in every way except his hair and tattoos. We suspect he was sneaking in to try and take your place. He's in the dungeon now. We have him prepared for torture.

Verin visibly relaxed, although his spirit refused to lie so easily. Demetri quietly sat in his chair letting Verin talk before asking calmly: May I torture him? I'm tense and I think the torture might relax me.

Verin had a grim look on his face with his reply: As you wish your majesty.

With that Demetri stood and made his way to the dungeons so he could let off tension...

Artemis got to the castle first. The young maid was waiting in place just as discussed . I tip toe up and tap her shoulder. She whips around and screams in terror. Apparently I found the wrong one because she slapped me and ran screaming. Security was on me before I made it 6 steps and I knew my band mate Tiberius was behind this. What a great way to spend the weekend I think as I am tackled against a stone wall and taken to the legendary Dungeon of Insanity to be processed. I then mumble "I'm so going to kill that mutant ass" while thinking about my band mate... obviously I was taken out of context... as that's the only excuse for what is going to happen next.