 As Jonathan walked into the meeting hall he looked into the eyes of the Mage council, wise men he'd known for centuries. Ha! He thought a bunch of ridiculous fools! This was a complete waste of time plus the fact that the two most powerful keeps were under attack right now. Jonathan tried to hold back his power, damn it! The fucking Crystal was more active than it should be what the hell was going on? 

If he lost control in here a lot of good people were going to die, though they were mostly old damn fools! Walking to the questioning box he felt the power dampening field they had set up, Ha! What a joke they were all dead! Jonathan shook his head, this was bad a personality was starting to emerge from the crystal, shit it was strong!

With clenched teeth Jonathan warned the council to clear the building, alarmed they stared at Jonathon seeing the sweat start to collect on his fore head. As quickly as they could everyone left the room except Tom Timmins, Ben, Tom's aid, Pompoff, his son Reginald, and the leader of the Craig Clan. His father's aide joined the other's, leaving Tom, Ben and Jonathan alone that is 'til Vidon stepped in.

"Ah good! we can kill all of you bastard's here it will make taking your wives and potential wife that so much sweeter." The aide shouted. "Rinora to me," he shouted, amazed when the crystal refused to move. "Rinora! Come to your master!" Still it refused to move.

Then a strange eerie echoing voice spoke from the crystal, "Silly man! No one is the master of Rinora, had you realized this you could have ruled the world with my aid. NO MORE!" A strange light blasted the aide into the wall.

Standing, he again tried to call and control the crystal.

"Go away little boy," the voice cried once again smashing the aide into the wall then began to beat him on the floor like a rag doll.

Ben and Tom had backed to the door, "Jonathan, release it all, it's time!" Ben shouted.

"NO! Damn it if I do everyone could die!" Jonathan cried.

"You have to, your power if far above the Rinora!" Ben replied.

"What this pup? I admit his mind is strong, far stronger than I've ever felt, but his power is barely above the fool there. Come pup you think you have the power to defeat me?" The voice said as it reached out and grabbed Lana!

"NO! Release her now! Before I destroy you! I cannot control it if you bring it out!" Jonathan was straining to maintain control.

Laughing the spirit in the crystal began to squeeze Lana causing her to scream. Finally the anger building to a point he no longer cared, the wild magic began to slip from Jonathan. At first the spirit only laughed then it actually began to get worried as more and more magic slipped from the locks Jonathan had erected.

"I SAID RELEASE HER!" Jonathan screamed, causing Lana to drop from its grasp, the force blew the spirit and the crystal through the wall.

Jonathan rose, floating after the spirit they heard him say to take care of Lana, as he might not be back.

In the building Lana opened her eyes seeing her father holding her, tears started to fall from her eyes, "Jonathan you'd better return," she whispered, "you have to finish teaching me to be a proper lady of my standing."

Jonathan could feel the strain on his body, the wild magic wanted to do as it wanted, years of holding it back had prepared him for this day, but he knew he was finished when this was through, the council, hell his father wouldn't stand for him being alive. Landing Rinora had finally emerged from the crystal though not fully solid yet. Smiling Jonathan thought well, we'll just have to kill you before that happens. Relaxing he felt more and more power flow through him, good a little more and he will be nothing to me.

Rinora was looking around with huge eyes, where had that bastard Mage gotten that much power. Then he saw Jonathan floating toward him, he had harnessed the wild magic? Ah! This would be so much sweeter when he killed the pup and took the knowledge from him. Rising Rinora tried to send several attacks at Jonathan, who merely swept them away as easily as a towel. Rinora's eyes grew large; there was no way that the magic had made him that strong!

Smiling Rinora feigned an attack then cut Jonathan's arm.

Jonathan advanced, "is that the best you can do? I admit it was a good try," as Rinora watched the cut healed far faster than it should have.

Smiling Rinora started to slash at Jonathan, after a few minutes Jonathan was covered with deep cuts, slashes. and gashes which healed almost as fast as he was cut.

Pissed now Rinora began to gather in energy building his power he'd show this pup of a mage what power was!

"You know, I'd not been able to control the wild magic had it not been for you, so I guess I have you to thank for that," Jonathan smiled, "though you do realize that I have to destroy you, you touched Lana and though I know that she and I can never be, you did give me more time with her, so I've decided to destroy you as quickly as I can. The thing is though the more you fight me? The much more painful it will be." Jonathan sighed.

"NO! I am the all powerful Rinora! Neither you nor any other power can destroy me!" Rinora screamed at Jonathan.

Again Jonathan sighed, snapping his fingers the crystal cracked, the spirit began to scream. "You see I told you, your power is much lower than me now, good bye though I may join you soon."

Jonathan began to crush the crystal, the spirit slashing at Jonathan's throat, chest anywhere it could till there was a crushing crack, the spirit screamed one last time then burst into flame, then was gone.

Appearing in the meeting building he saw that Pompoff was destroyed, his adopted son impaled on several pieces of glass, his father's aide was alive, but with a broken back and legs he wasn't going anywhere (considering Jonathan had broken his arms centuries ago) plus the leader of the Craig Clan looked more like a jig saw puzzle.

Jonathan wrote a message for each person then left, though where he could go he didn't know, I could truly go underground he thought, no she'd still find me he thought. Snapping his fingers he was back in the keep. There had to be at least 15 clans left coming through his wards.

At the edge of the keep all the clans grew quiet when Jonathan neared them. "I suggest you go home while you still have a clan, you may remember the Mage that destroyed two clans thousands of years ago. That was my father, he wasn't mad he was only protecting, I on the other hand AM mad, I have harnessed the wild magic. You may attack if you wish but when this is over all of you will be dead. Any that wish to leave I will spare other than that you are all dead for having attacked this keep."

"You have no wild magic! If you had then the council would have destroyed you years ago!" A Craig Clan member said.

"As I said, I have harnessed the power of the wild magic, this is your last chance I will not let a single Mage or vampire leave here alive." Jonathan calmly told them.

Each and every being there laughed at Jonathan, moving to attack. Sighing Jonathan released the power letting the locks slip, he felt the power start to grow, suddenly there was screaming as most of those at the boundary tried to escape, Jonathan let them run, he felt each and every one of the dead men. Finally satisfied he released the power rolling, the magic spread and a thousand died in the first two minutes, then more. 

People estimated that well over two hundred thousand beings died in that place that night. Jonathan's eyes were trying to hold back the tears, he'd warned them why the hell did no one listen to him? It was about that time he heard the clan members moving his way, vanishing he thought, wouldn't do killing family.

Miles away Jonathan appeared at the edge of Vidon's keep, here they had already broken through. Again Jonathan appeared in front of them. Though there were only thirteen clans, they were of a number that was substantial. Again Jonathan warned them, describing the fate of the fifteen clans that were now dead, many were thinking it over, they had heard horrible screaming, five clans decided they believed Jonathan and turned to leave smiling Jonathan decided to give the last eight another chance, when they started to laugh at him he just shook his head.

Opening the locks the power began to flow; building already, with screams of terror at the on rush of power those left had turned to flee. Jonathan felt the magic reaching to grasp all that had refused. Then the screaming started, all around the five clans that had left thousands were dying. All five clans watched as the magic chased, then caught and incinerated each and every one of the other clans. Finally the keeps are safe, Jonathan thought waving his hand he vanished as Vidon's clan topped the rise.

Back in the town Lana was just starting to wake up, everything rushed to her mind. A scream escaped her lips NO! Jonathan! NO! Looking into her mother's and father's eyes she looked away she couldn't face them or her brother OMG! She thought how Gregor must hate her as well as Trina! Unashamedly more tears fell from her eyes; I am so sorry Trina I am so sorry I wasn't able to help.

Suddenly it drew quiet in the room, and then she felt a tug at her shirt sleeve. "Please not now, leave me, leave me to grieve for my friend and myself." Lana said between tears. 

"I am so tired of people apologizing to me," Lana's head snapped up, Trina?

Lana stared at the almost transparent apparition, "Trina?" Lana whispered shocked to see her friend, though it appeared she'd seen better days.

Sighing Trina said, "Yes Lana it's me, things are about to get interesting," she giggled then waved her hands.

In front of Trina Jonathan appeared, "What the hell?" he shouted.

"It's time little brother," Trina said. Reaching out Jonathan began to pull in as much wild magic as he could, NO! he shook his head pulling in more, Trina's form began to glow faster and brighter, "That's it a little more!" Jonathan reached as far as he could pulling every ounce of the wild magic in. "Finally it's about time!" Stepping from the circle of light Trina looked at her hands then down her shirt, finally turning away from the others looked up her dress. "Phew it's all here." There was a sigh then Jonathan was gone.

Damn it! She was just back from the dead and he takes off like that, she had half a mind to go after him and beat his ass! Tom and Evelyn's eyes were wide, Trina? This was impossible! No one had the power to restore one back to life! Evelyn grabbed her husband backing away from the young woman in the room.

"Mother stop that! IT's me! Trina! Please have the council examine me, and then I have to go after my damn brother how rude of him to bring me back to life then run away!"

Lana could only stare at her friend of so long, was it true? Was she really alive again? Even she knew that no one had the power to restore life! Reaching out Lana touched the hem of Trina's dress; well, it felt real, but how?

"I've been asking myself that since I learned that I was going to be brought back to life," Trina said.

Oh yeah that's right Trina could read minds! Looking at Trina, Lana got a nasty look on her face. Trina's mouth dropped agape, "that's nasty Lana!"

Lana launched herself at Trina fiercely hugging her, "It is you! No one ever said that to me but you! OMG! I have missed you so badly. Though I still don't have full memories of that night."

"I know," Trina huffed, she was going to kick her brother's ass, if he didn't return soon!

Thousands of miles away Jonathan appeared on an island, immediately he began to dampen his power, the wild magic was already put away, but his own; that would take intense concentrating. Finally an hour later it was done, though he'd live for a long time he now had no power, nor any memories. Only one word could bring it back and only one person knew that, he suspected that she would no longer care if he lived or die. 

Jonathan's last memory had him smiling, they were all safe he'd finally repaired all the mistakes he'd made all those centuries ago. Lana could be free as could Gregor, Dear Trina I am glad I restored you, I should have died that night not you, now in a way I am dead good bye sister, Lana my love, Gregor my friend. The total memory wipe finally enacted Jonathan fell to the sand asleep, finally was his last coherent thought.

For the next ten years the entire Magical community searched for the hero of the grand clan war as it was starting to be called. The Americans and the English had finally halted hostilities, so America was starting to look more appealing to many clans. The five clans that had agreed to not attack Vidon's keep soon found that their fortune turned for the better. 

Another gift Jonathan had left, Lana discovered the next day, it seemed he'd not only gotten what the disease was, but a cure for it. All conveniently tucked away in a corner of her mind, though it did take three days to get it out, there was so much. After everything had cleared Trina had reached out to find her brother then her mouth opened in terror as did her mother's as they felt Jonathan's power start to fade then was gone as was any thought or mention of him from him.

"

NO!" Trina screamed as she felt Jonathan fade becoming smaller and smaller, tears began to fall freely. "No please Jonathan don't do this NO!"

Rushing to her side Lana herself grew afraid, "what has happened?"

"That idiot brother of mine has wiped his self from memory, I can't feel him, anywhere!" Trina cried.

"Neither can I," Trina's mother sadly added. That's funny Lana thought I can what the hell is going on? I'm not psychic. It doesn't make since, and then she stumbled across the message.

[Lana, if your hearing this I am gone, I love you my dear Lana, I always have. This love will never be allowed to be, I possess the wild magic as it is called, for that offence I will not be allowed to live. If one day I can return I have left the ability in you to find me, you and you alone. I know that you don't love me not after the horrible things I did, probably did when this is done, but one day if you can forgive me and I am allowed then maybe just maybe I can return. This will be hidden after you hear it, good bye my love.]

Lana stared at the wall, as huge amounts of information began to flood her mind, screaming she grabbed her head. "OMG! Get it out there's too much!" Several Mages just stared at her then blood began to slow seep from her nose. Several Mages started to feel what was happening, immediately they started to drain the huge amount of information from her head. T

hough her head felt as if it was splitting, Lana smiled she was the only one that he had trusted with the information. The council was amazed at all they got from her head again Jonathan was heralded as a hero. Many began to grow angry with the council; that is 'til they explained that they had wanted Jonathan to develop the power, though this pacified a great many there were many that still weren't happy.

On a somewhat isolated island ten years later Lana was walking the beach; she'd also been searching for Jonathan. Every time she seemed to get close Jonathan seemed to slip away, this was the last island sighing she sat on the sand. Foolish Jonathan, how had he not known she loved him, still loved him? She remembered the message though it was more of a distant memory, Gregor and Trina had reunited though it had taken quite a while to get Gregor over his grief. They had wanted to marry but refused 'til Jonathan was returned, so many things had changed thanks to Jonathan, and he didn't even know it. 

All the clans were better protected now, though there weren't as many as there used to be. Sadly Lana sat on the beach; she wanted Jonathan so badly she'd forgiven him long ago, though they still hadn't found him. Crying Lana felt she couldn't go on. It was too hard without Jonathan, there were too many accusations that she'd driven him away. Her head in her hands she had hoped that if she ever found him, he could forgive her, everything felt like it was her fault. Only a few hours 'til sunrise, she was through no more, she'd sit here wrapped in the beautiful memories of him 'til the sun rose, and then no one could ever bother him again.

A movement near the tree line barely caught her attention, "go away please! Let me die alone, with my memories." She felt a presence move closer to her, no longer caring she just awaited with hope, that it was death approaching and she'd no longer have to suffer from the hate of hers and Jonathan's kind. Feeling a being stop in front of her she sighed, "Please! I am not good company, I deserve to die alone as I am sure my love will," this starting a new round of crying.

When the being didn't move she looked up at this irritating person. Lana looked then looked again, it was a wild looking man! Although he looked like he was wild, but he wasn't, "why you here?" The man asked. 

"I was looking for someone but I had given up, I have been looking a long time to ask him to forgive me." Lana tried to explain. "Problem is I don't think I will ever find him, so I will never be forgiven. I am sorry if I intruded on your beach I will leave if you wish." Lana said as she started to stand.

"No, you ... uh ... ok, I no see other people ever, you, only seen in many rises of the bright light. You different not scared, no run, no want anything. Like you, what name?" he asked.

"I am called Lana, though I do have another name that only two people know. He was special to me though he didn't know I loved him." she whispered.

The man looked at her curiously, "if love man so, why here? Me no leave love ever if have, no, less she no love me then leave yes."

Lana nodded though simple, what he spoke was the truth, "before I could tell him, many bad, horrible things happened, I decided that I will die here, he loved the islands I have searched all of them. I was supposed to say a word to all I meet that way he could know that everything was ok back home. I think I am just tired, I no longer care I am sure he is happy and I don't want to disturb that, as I don't think he would be happy with me." Lana sadly said.

The man only nodded then smiled, "You no said word to me, please say," the man prodded.

"You sure you seem so happy here," Lana said looking down.

"Things no as seem always," the man said.

Sighing Lana could only look at the ground, "I can't," she replied, "I am so tired of searching."

"This may true, but last you meet, last island no other here say word then done." The man smiled.

Sighing Lana looked at the man deep into his eyes seeing something there, though not sure what. "Alright, I was supposed to say my actual name only four people know of it," taking a deep breath Lana spoke, "My real name is Elanathembly, I know long and ridiculous."

The man hadn't moved, and then slowly his features changed, what the hell? More and more the features shifted to a face that was starting to look familiar. In a matter of only five minutes the transformation was done.

Lana's mouth dropped open nothing came out, what was more amazing was that her heart started to beat! NO! It couldn't be! Launching herself at the new man she began to cry on his shoulder, "My god I thought I'd never find you! I love you please never leave me again!"

Locked in her arms Jonathan could only stare at her amazed, Lana? She'd come for him? Were things really better now back home? Kissing her deeply he squeezed her tightly he'd longed for centuries to hear her say that. Then Jonathan thought now what? Even if they are better what were they going to impose on him? Sighing the sun came up bathing the two in its dawn light, Lana reveling in the warmth and Jonathan's arms.