 This is a fictional story. 

* * * * *

Author's note: Happy Holidays All!

* * * * *

Over the next several weeks, Tory had managed to ace all his mid-terms and still concentrate almost full time on the female cyborg Christmas gift for his dad. He and Reagan were also giving updates to the professor of the mechanical engineering department. He was amazed at their progress and even more amazed at the depth to which the project had evolved. 

They were all working nearly day and night on the project. The only breaks came in the form of sex with Reagan and Jenna. Tory was getting his brains fucked out and it helped him sleep like a baby and not lay awake thinking about the project. The only problem was balancing his time with both. So far neither knew about the other and the girls were horny for sex when they took a break. Tory was trying hard to pace himself to keep from getting drained. 

Tory did not know where his relationships with Jenna and Reagan were headed. He liked them both a lot and didn't want to stop seeing either. Plus they both were now involved in the project and helping him. He did not want to hurt either's feelings so for now he just kept everything separate. 

The female cyborg project was progressing beyond his wildest dreams. Most of the manufacturers were interested in the project for future product innovations and possible markets to pursue. They seemed to get off on the use of Tory's substantial intellect without having to pay him other than time and resources. The benefits to their companies could be enormous and they all saw that.

Reagan and he had decided to go with a hollow titanium skeletal structure. The hollow titanium metal bones would provide superior strength and flexibility yet keep the weight component down. The first initial weight projections had the female cyborg weighing 300 pounds. They were trying hard to get it below 200. Reagan was working with the metal fabricators to get the bones cast. Tory had to ask his father for an additional million dollars. He was not pleased but didn't say no to his son.

The power plant or heart of the female cyborg was under construction. It would be the smallest nuclear reactor ever built. Tory's designs had been essential to getting the project going. Once completed the miniaturized reactor would produce substantial power over a long period. Initial estimates pegged the duration as twenty years plus, especially with an occasional refinement. The power output projections, though very theoretical now, were believed to be substantial. The power plant would have enough power to provide potentials for superior strength, speed, and quickness.

The central core processor or brain of the cyborg was also under construction and actually close to completion. The miniaturized technology already existed and the next generation of chip technology was being added to enhance processor speed. The memory of the unit would be nearly ridiculous. The cyborg would have the ability to store the equivalent of a million full volume encyclopedias. 

The trickiest problems for Tory had been the outer shell or skin and the subsurface of the cyborg. That and the sensory components of sight, hearing, and feeling were extremely difficult. He would have liked to include taste and smell as well but those would have to come with upgrades or future revisions. 

Tory was making incredible advances in optic lens and electric eye construction. If the plans came together, the female cyborg would be able to see better than a hawk by a magnification of 10X and even have night vision. Hearing had been easier using advances in current telephone and microphone technology. Giving her feeling was critical and extremely difficult. He was spending a lot of critical time trying to solve that problem.

Reagan and he had decided quickly on an inner sub-base for the shape of the body. It would be molded titanium. The benefits were toughness, durability, and flexibility. It kept her weight down but made her able to stop a bullet at all but extremely close range. Anyone hitting this cyborg with flesh and bone would immediate feel the error of their ways. Even blows from blunt objects would cause little appreciable damage. The skeletal structure estimates showed her able to walk away from a sixty mile an hour collision with a semi. 

The skin was again another matter. Here Tory had made advances that would probably put him in the next four issues of ScienceWeek and Popular Mechanics. He had worked with latex and microorganisms to develop a skin that actually bled if cut. The real advance though was it could heal itself. Actually, it grew back and rapidly. Small scrapes would heal within minutes. Larger wounds like a knife stab might take a few days to completely disappear. 

The skin was a revolution of design by impregnating raw latex with microorganisms creating billions of tiny molecules within the latex. A fluid component was also included to bleed red and feed the microorganisms when cuts occurred. Otherwise the microorganisms stayed dormant. Work on the skin was still ongoing to perfect the process and mold the skin to the titanium. 

Other advances Reagan and Tory developed were in the area of movement. Previous robots or cyborgs moved stiffly. This cyborg would move like a cat if all the components worked together as planned. It would be quick and have endless durability. Its top end speed, though still theoretical, had estimates ranging to eighty miles an hour. 

Tory was still not completely sure what affect wind might have on stability at that speed nor was he sure what the constant pounding would do to the structure. Tests on miniatures showed enough wear to the feet to ruin the skin structure if unprotected at that speed. 

The price tag of the project would have escalated threefold if not for donated services from the various companies involved. The latex manufacturer alone had pumped three million into the project. They saw within their grasp chances to leapfrog their competition.

Reagan knocked on his door as expected. Tory answered it and let her in. 

"Hi, Tory," Reagan said.

"Hey, Reagan. How are you?" Tory asked.

"A little tired but otherwise okay," Reagan said. "This burning the candle at both ends is catching up on me I think."

"You need a good dinner and some relaxation," Tory said. "Sit right here."

Tory pushed her seat in at the kitchen table as she sat down. He had prepared dinner. He had learned from the pasta chef at their mansion how to make lasagna many years ago and it stuck with him. He also had crusty Italian bread and several bottles of good Chianti. They ate and talked, mostly about the project. After dinner they went into the living room and Tory put some music on. They had their wine glasses and they sipped and talked.

After a while, Reagan tried to suppress a yawn. Tory had her turn around and massaged her shoulders. She sighed as he kneaded her neck and back muscles. 

"Oh, that feels so good," Reagan said.

"You deserve it. You've been working so hard," Tory said.

"What about you? Some of the innovations and discoveries you've made will push science and have the intellects thinking for some time to come," Reagan said. 

'Yeah, maybe so but I couldn't do any of this without you," Tory said.

"Well, it's a privilege to work with you and be part of this," Reagan stated.

"Come here," he said turning her head. He kissed her passionately.

One thing led to the next and soon they were in his bed. Tory ate her pussy to two good orgasms. As she was still in the afterglow of the second, he entered her. He went slow at first, taking his time. He pumped her for fifteen minutes with his cock. When he finally couldn't take it any longer, he dumped his seed into her cunt. Reagan had cum so many times she was now beyond exhaustion. She fell asleep almost before he pulled his long cock from her hole.

In the morning, Tory got up first. Reagan was still half asleep when he brought her breakfast in bed. 

"Oh, a girl could get used to this treatment," Reagan said sitting up to take the tray.

"Good girls get good things," Tory said grinning.

Tory went back to clean up the kitchen as Reagan ate. He was almost done when she walked out of the bedroom completely naked carrying the tray. He saw her coming and watched her cross the living room and kitchen. Her gorgeous breasts jiggled as she walked, giving Tory a twitch in his groin. He took the tray from her and put the dishes in the dishwasher. Reagan hugged him as he worked. Her erect nipples pressing against his back caused him further discomfort. 

"Come back to bed and fuck me till I can't walk," Reagan said joking.

"I need to get on the phone to the latex people. They have some questions about the molding process for adhering the skin to the titanium," he said.

"Can't it wait a few minutes? I was too tired last night to participate fully. I want to suck your cock and then have you pound me into the bed," Reagan moaned in his ear giggling.

"Okay, I suppose I can take a few minutes to do my partnership duties," Tory replied.

They walked quickly into the bedroom, stripping off his clothes. Reagan pushed him on the bed and crawled between his legs. She licked his cock and teased the head. She was slowly getting better at sucking cock, learning what he liked most. When she had his cock completely wet, she sucked the head into her mouth. His pre-cum coated her tongue as she bobbed on his cock. Reagan wanted to please him and thought about sucking him off but she wanted to be fucked too. The itch in her pussy for his cock was nearly blinding her thoughts. 

Reagan pulled off his cock before he came and climbed up to settle down over the top of him. The head of his nice long cock pushed deep into her body making her groan with pleasure. She tried to ride slowly but her need was too urgent and she accelerated fast. She had two mini-orgasms before she sensed he was about to come. Reagan bounced hard on his cock trying to bring on her peak. 

Tory tried to think about anything he could to hold off cumming until she was ready too. But it was useless as the pleasure carved like a hot knife through any thoughts he tried to muster to hold himself off. Just the short attempt was good enough though. As Tory came, blasting Reagan's cunt walls with his hot cum, she couldn't take it any longer either and shrieked above him. They rode their orgasms out together gasping for air. 

When they were finished and Tory's cock slipped wetly from her pussy, Reagan rolled to his side on the bed. They kissed lightly and then rested. Both were almost asleep when the doorbell rang. 

Tory stumbled to his feet. He left his underwear on the floor and threw his pants on. He walked bare-chested to the door and opened it. Before him stood Jenna and a gorgeous girl he did not know.

"Jenna...I ah...I have," he tried to say.

"Aren't you going to invite us inside? I have a surprise," Jenna said.

"I'm not ready for company," Tory said.

"Well, get ready I have someone I want you to meet," Jenna said smiling.

"Can we do this later?" Tory said.

"What? Come on. I have Ashley here now. Can't you take a few minutes?" Jenna said, not sure why he was being so difficult.

"I was just about to go in the shower," Tory said.

"So go shower. We'll wait," Jenna said.

Tory was about to respond when both Jenna and Ashley looked over his shoulder and not at him. Tory turned to see Reagan in his robe at the bedroom door. He turned back to Jenna and saw the hurt in her eyes.

"Jenna..."

"Don't say anything! I should have called, I guess," Jenna said.

"Jenna, this is Reagan. She has been helping me on the project from the beginning," Tory said.

"Tory, who is this?" Reagan said, behind him.

"Reagan, this is Jenna and her friend Ashley," Tory said.

"Hi, Jenna and Ashley," Reagan said not catching the complete significance of this meeting like Jenna did. 

"Hi, Reagan," Jenna said. "Has Tory baby been entertaining you?"

Jenna's comment was dripping with sarcasm so Reagan now caught on to what might be happening here.

"What of it?" Reagan said, now with equal sarcasm. 

"Reagan, Jenna has been helping me with the project too," Tory said.

"Yeah, foolish me," Jenna said.

"Jenna, your help has been invaluable," Tory said.

"Oh, yeah, like you couldn't get along without me," Jenna said.

"Jenna, what is going on here? Are you mad at me for sleeping with Reagan?" Tory said.

"What do you think, smart guy?" Jenna said, sarcastically again.

"And why would that be?" Tory asked, pointedly.

"Why...why, isn't it obvious?" Jenna said.

"Maybe to you," Tory said.

"What the fuck you mean?" Jenna said. "I think it's obvious to everyone you've been sleeping with us both."

"Yes, but what is also obvious is that you were expecting a singular relationship," Tory said. "Did I ever tell you I was not seeing someone else?"

"Well, no. But...," Jenna started.

"You assumed so though, right?" Tory questioned.

"Yes, but," Jenna said.

"Actually, I started seeing you both at about the same time. Reagan didn't know about you either," Tory said turning to see a deep hurt in Reagan's face too.

"The truth is I like you both a lot. I'm not going to apologize for working on the project with both of you together and I'm not going to apologize for being intimate with either of you. I really like you both as friends and lovers and I don't want to lose either one of you. However, I'm also not ready to severe either relationship unless of course you want to," Tory concluded.

Jenna just looked at Tory thinking about what she should say next. One part of her wanted to storm out with Ashley. The other part realized they never had a true commitment, only maybe an implied one. Obviously, she had hoped there was but he had never said so. 

Reagan's thoughts paralleled those of Jenna. If anyone, she had even more reason to feel they had a deep connection and be hurt by this revelation. They had spent countless hours together working on this project. But she had to admit to herself he had never said a word about commitment. 

"Come in and sit down, Jenna," Tory said. "Let me make you two some breakfast."

Ashley looked at Jenna for a response. Jenna just stood for moments not sure of her next move. She decided if she just turned and stormed out then Reagan would automatically get Tory. She wasn't sure she wanted to give up just yet.

"Maybe for a little while," Jenna agreed.

Tory showed them to the kitchen table as he glanced back at Reagan. She looked at him still hurt and turned and walked back into the bedroom and closed the door. 'Well, at least she didn't slam it,' he thought. 

Tory made Jenna and Ashley eggs, bacon, and pieces of Italian bread while they talked. 

"Tory, I brought Ashley to you because of our conversation the other day and needing a model for the actual face. Ashley is the prettiest girl in school, maybe in all of California. I talked to her about your project. She is interested in being the model for the face. I must admit I convinced her by saying her face could be the face on thousands of these in the future. She might even have a doll named after her," Jenna said, smiling.

"Well, you never know," Tory said. "If this works as expected I intend to market these female cyborgs to others. We may even want males soon too."

Tory talked a bit to Ashley about what he needed and how much time it would take. There was no doubt she was beautiful. Her face was perfect. She had a cute small nose and slightly pouty lips that led up to deep blue eyes and high cheek bones. Her shoulder length blond hair might also make sense since it completed the package that was Ashley.

They talked a while longer after they ate breakfast. It was agreed they would meet in two days, after Tory set up the necessary meetings to cast the molds and take the pictures. Tory then walked them out. Before Jenna left, she looked back at him with sad eyes.

"Call me please, Jenna," Tory said.

She just turned and walked away following Ashley.

Tory walked into the bedroom and found Reagan lying on the bed still in his robe on top of the covers. He crawled on the bed and spooned next to her. 

"You have every right to be mad at me," he said. "But how would you have felt if I told you about Jenna earlier?"

"I don't know," Reagan said. "At least I would have known."

"Would you have walked away from me and the project?" Tory asked.

"Maybe," Reagan said.

"You still can. I promise your name will appear with mine on the first line of inventors even if you do," Tory said.

"What does that mean?" Reagan sniffled. "Sounds like you want me to leave so you can be with her."

"That is not true," Tory said.

"She is pretty. You like her more than me, don't you?" Reagan said, now sobbing worse.

"No! Not at all! I really care for you," Tory said.

"You have a funny way of showing it," Reagan said, sobbing lightly.

"Reagan, you mean the world to me but as a friend. Same with Jenna. I'm not in love but I have very strong feelings for both of you," Tory said.

"This isn't Utah, Tory, you have to choose," Reagan said.

"Yes, eventually. But do I have to choose now?" Tory asked.

"Probably," Reagan said. 

"Please don't make me, Reagan. At least wait until we complete the project," Tory said.

"Why, so you can dump me then?" Reagan said, choking back more tears.

"Reagan, why do you think I would choose her over you?" Tory asked.

"She is prettier," Reagan said.

"Maybe, but what if I told you I might like your mind and body better?" Tory asked.

"Oh, good, I have a nice personality," Reagan said. "Great! I was hoping for more than that."

"You have more than that! Much more and personality too. You just sell yourself short. I see a tremendous woman. A good lover. A great companion. And, I also see someone smart enough to understand much of the world as I do," Tory said.

"Really? You really mean that, or are you just going to tell her the same thing?" Reagan asked pointedly.

"I could never, in all honesty, say that to her and mean it if the other person I was comparing to was you," Tory said.

"You mean that?" Reagan said, turning to face him.

"Reagan, you mean a lot to me. Please continue to be my friend. Please," Tory said. 

"Okay, I guess so," Reagan said. They kissed. 

Tory got off the bed.

"I have to go call the latex company. We may need to make several trips next week. Can you make them?" Tory asked.

"What? We have to travel on Thanksgiving week?" Reagan asked.

"It looks that way. The skeletal structure should be done and needs to be picked up. We need to visit the latex company and the sensory company. We also need to find an assembler for the whole robot. I have a few leads on some good robotics companies but we need to check them out," Tory said.

"Oh, boo! I was hoping to have an easier week and go home for Thanksgiving Day and the whole weekend," Reagan said. 

"If you're a good girl, maybe I'll fly you there when we're done," Tory said, smiling. 

"How good do I have to be?" Reagan said, kidding and with a wink.

"I'll let you know," Tory said, smiling

Troy called the latex company and spoke to the CEO. They had a few issues that needed his input and firsthand opinions on. They arranged for a Tuesday meeting and Tory hung up.

His next call was to the metal fabricators. The skeletal structure was indeed ready for pick up. The CEO was downright glowing over the phone about the work they had done. He couldn't wait to show it to Tory. They arranged a late Tuesday meeting.

Tory then made a series of calls to the leads he had on assemblers and robotic companies. The one that sounded the best was also the most intriguing to be involved in the project. They were in Silicon Valley and they arranged a meeting for the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. 
