 This is a fictional story. 

* * * * *

Author's note: Happy Holidays All!

Special Thanks to Techsan for his Editing Genius! 

* * * * *

Tory called his dad after Ashley left.

"Hello, Tory," Richard Tarrington said, answering his cell and reading the caller ID.

"Hi, Dad. How are you?" Tory asked.

"Just fine. How is school?" his dad asked.

"Good. Great even," Tory replied.

"That's wonderful. Will I see you for Thanksgiving?" his dad asked.

"Yes, if I can borrow the small plane for Tuesday and Wednesday. I can bring it back on Thursday," Tory said.

"Okay, but where are you going?" His father asked. 

"I'd rather not say. But you would approve if you knew," Tory said.

"More secrets about my Christmas gift, huh?" his dad asked.

"Yeah. Dad, I need more money too. Another million." Tory stated.

"What? Tory what are you doing?" his dad demanded.

"I can't tell you but it is working out better than my original plans," Tory answered.

"Son, this brings you to three million," his dad stated.

"I know. The success of what I'm doing is also pushing the cost," Tory admitted.

"Tory, I would have been happy with a tie as long as I got to see you," his dad said.

"Well, this is more than a tie, Dad," Tory replied.

"Tory, I could have bought another small island in the Caribbean I've had my eye on for three and a half million," his dad offered.

"You don't need another island and besides this is from the heart," Tory said.

"Well, when you put it that way, okay. I'll have Barry wire the money into your account today," his dad said.

"Thanks, Dad. You are the best!" Tory exclaimed.

"Yeah, or the biggest sucker for his kids going," his dad said, jokingly. 

"I love you, Dad," Tory said.

"I love you too, Tory. I can't wait to see you and Thad this week for Thanksgiving," his dad said.

"Me neither. When does Thad arrive?" Tory asked. 

"He'll be here Wednesday around noon," his dad said.

"Great, well, I got to go, Dad. I have a ton to do. See you soon," Tory concluded.

"Bye, Tory," his dad said.

Tory's next call was to Jenna. She answered on the seventh ring.

"Hello, Tory," Jenna said.

"Hi, Jenna. I was afraid you wouldn't answer," he said.

"Well, I almost didn't," she admitted.

"Jenna, I'm sorry. I want to buy you dinner tonight," Tory said.

"Oh, now you want to pay," Jenna stated.

"Funny, you know I've offered before. But I have a lot to go over with you," Tory said.

"Okay, what time?" Jenna asked.

"Seven?" Tory replied. "I'll pick you up."

"Okay, do I need to dress up?" Jenna asked.

"Yes," Tory answered.

"Fine, see you then," Jenna said and hung up the phone.

Tory worked on the project, delving into some of the current problems. The work on the sensory grid was coming along magnificently. Working with several electronics and filament companies, they had developed a mesh grid much like your ordinary porch screen to serve as the nervous system. 

Tiny pulses of electricity passing over the grid at blinding speed would enable the female Cyborg to feel. Putting the mesh between the layers of latex skin and the titanium shell was another break through. The cyborg would be able to feel even a pin drop on her skin. What's more, with the grid wired into her main core processor, she would be able to know the position of her body - actually feel movement. The companies he worked with were ecstatic over the progress. 

Two areas that occupied much of Tory's recent thoughts were the sexual components. The throat, vagina, and digestive tract were extremely complicated and complex. The issues centered on moisture, functionality, sanitation, and design. The design was probably the easiest part but there were no simple solutions to any of these problems. 

Tory studied book after book and even read trade magazines from the sanitation industry to try to piece together the best structure and outcome. Sustainable moisture plagued him the most. The hard construction of the throat and vagina had been completed and already built into the skeletal structure. The tricks now involved refining his latex skin construction to adapt to the inner structural design. 

The further complications involved trying to duplicate a woman's natural lubrication. It did not need to be constant but more on demand. The female cyborg could be programmed to release moisture in proper amounts when called upon. Tory decided the best course was further developments to his already remarkable impregnated latex. The theory was: if he could make the skin bleed, he ought to be able to make it secrete. The trick was in the timing, amount, and where the fluids would come from. 

Tory was deep into these thoughts when the phone rang.

"Hello, Reagan," he said, answering the caller ID phone.

"Hi, Tory. How are you?" Reagan asked.

"Great, but I'm struggling with the throat still and the vagina. You know the moisture issue we discussed," he said.

"Oh, yeah. That is one for you, not me. I don't have a clue how to help you there," Reagan said.

"Well, I think I am making progress if my current tests pan out," Tory said.

"Good. Hey, I need to come over and use the books there for the finger movement and the programming. I contacted the programmers and they are running into snags we have to work out right away. Will you be there for a while?" she asked.

"Sure, but I have to go out in two hours. You're welcome to stay and work if you want," Tory said.

"Okay, this could take four to five hours, the programmers tell me. We may even need your help. Will you have your cell with you?" she asked.

"Yes, sure. Come on over when you're ready. I'll leave the door unlocked as I might be in the shower," he said.

"Fine, see you soon," Reagan said, hanging up the phone.

Tory focused on the digestive tract next. He wanted the female cyborg to be able to handle cum deposited in her throat. He also had a very ambitious thought that she could be a dinner partner and actually eat food. She would not need to or even need any nourishment beyond a replenishable fluid supply. But, he liked the idea of her sitting at the table with his dad while he ate meals. Even to participate. Unfortunately, this created a ton of problems he had limited time to solve. 

He was on to something though. He could make her eat limited amounts if he could develop the proper flushing system. It would require her to drink an eight ounce glass of water after oral sex or eating. The water would mix with her lubricants, which he was already working on, to cleanse her tract. She could hold the waste in a small inner plastic stomach and dispose of it later just like a human. The rectum would need to be able to handle anal sex and function for discharge of waste as needed. 

Tory wrote notes and several drawings when a knock came at the door. He opened it to Reagan.

"Hi," he said.

"How's it going?" she asked.

"Look. Come here. Let me show you something," Tory said.

He walked her through his thoughts and she liked the simplicity and design. 

"You think it is really important for her to be able to swallow cum?" Reagan asked, with a smile. 

"Absolutely! One of the main purposes of the cyborg is sexual function. That is an important aspect to oral sex," Tory said.

"Well, at least she would have to taste it," Reagan said, and they both cracked up to that. 

Reagan began her work at the living room coffee table. They worked together for a few minutes until Tory needed to get ready.

"Where're you going?" Reagan asked, trying to act innocent.

"I'm taking Jenna to dinner," Tory said.

"Oh, boo," Reagan said.

"Reagan, I need to talk with her about the outer features. But I also need to say I'm sorry for not being more than a friend," he said.

"I thought you told me you were not going to apologize for anything," Reagan said.

"Well, it is obvious I hurt you two, so I guess I have changed my tune on that," Tory said.

"So, you are apologizing to her first?" Reagan asked.

"I said I was sorry to you last night. Besides, it is not the order that's important but the extent to which I am sorry. In your case, it is paramount." Tory said.

"That's sweet, I guess," Reagan said. 

He leaned in and kissed her. She kissed back tentatively at first but as he added more passion she responded. When they finally broke the kiss, he went to shower. Forty minutes later he was ready.

"See you later maybe," Tory said. "It would be nice to see you when I get back."

"You want me to stay?" Reagan asked.

"I would like that," Tory said.

"Will you want to see me after being with her?" Reagan asked.

"It's only dinner, Reagan. I plan on being back by ten," Tory said.

"Drained of energy, no doubt," Reagan said.

"I plan on having full energy when I see you," Tory said.

"Oh," Reagan said. "That would be nice."

"See you later," Tory said smiling.

"I'll wait," Reagan said.

Tory seldom used his car, preferring to walk around campus or take cabs but today he drove. He loved his Porsche 911. He picked up Jenna and they drove to a fancy French restaurant he had eaten at several times, mostly with his dad. Once seated, they ordered wine and placed their dinner orders.

"Jenna, are we still friends?" Tory asked, reaching across the table to hold her hands.

"If that is my only choice," Jenna said. "Does that make me the odd woman out?"

"No, it makes you my dear friend," Tory said.

"You won't hold it against me if I hoped for more with you?" Jenna asked.

"No, of course not. In fact, I am very flattered. You are a marvelous person and a good companion," Tory said.

"Great, we can go bowling together," Jenna said.

"Jenna, please. I'm very fond of you and love being with you," Tory replied.

"Yeah, but does this mean you are totally done being with me?" Jenna stated, with the significant extra meaning to her words.

"Only if you want it that way," Tory said.

"You know I don't," she replied.

"Good," Tory said.

"Is it really? What would Reagan say about that?" Jenna added.

"Reagan is a good friend too. I hope you both will be," Tory stated.

"Just friends and sex partners, nothing more. Never a lover, huh," Jenna said.

"Well, never is forever, so no but for now I'd like to just keep going as we were," Tory said.

"How convenient for you," Jenna quipped. "Two sex partners to keep your nice weapon shiny."

"I'd rather look at it as two good friends I can share many things with," Tory said.

"I'm sure you would," Jenna said.

"Jenna, what do you want me to do besides picking you over Reagan and dump her?" Tory asked, still holding her hands.

"Well, since that possibility now seems remote, I guess I can live with your arrangement for now," Jenna said. 

'For now? Does that mean you see it as very temporary?" Tory asked.

"What, you expect me to remain faithful when you are not? I should be able to fuck and suck whomever I want with your arrangement," Jenna stated.

"Yes, you are. I couldn't possibly expect more," Tory agreed.

"Good then. Just so we understand the ground rules," Jenna answered.

"Okay," Tory said.

"Okay, then," Jenna replied. "What did you want to talk about on the project?"

"I agree with you we should use Ashley's face. I also want to use her body with the exception of her breasts," Tory said.

"What? I can see her body. It looks fabulous but why not her breasts? They are quite ample from what I see," Jenna questioned.

"I have other breasts in mind," Tory said.

"Oh, fuck...I get it. Reagan's! How stupid of me not to see that coming," Jenna quipped.

"Well, yes. I admit that is true," Tory stated.

"Oh, great, those two get body parts. Me, I'm just chopped liver to you," Jenna said sadly.

"You know that's not true," Tory said.

"Is there nothing of me worth consideration," Jenna said.

"What do you mean? Your great, but you're the one that brought Ashley to me. Really, you could look at this as I'm following your advice," Tory said.

"Nice twist, Tory! Now I really feel like shit," Jenna said.

"Jenna, you thought Ashley was the prettiest woman around and would be a great model to use," Tory said.

"Yes, for her face or head but I thought we were using the body style from the anatomy books," Jenna said.

"We were but this makes more sense," Tory said.

"How the hell do you even know how good she looks?" Jenna asked, but then quickly answered her own question. "Oh, fuck! You slept with her, didn't you?"

"Well, yes, but...," Tory started to say.

"You're incredible! How many more women do you have in your little black book?" Jenna asked.

"None, really," Tory said.

"My god! Well, is she really that good?" Jenna asked.

"Well, let's just say the kindness of Mother Nature does not stop at her neck," Tory said.

"That bitch! She has it all. Beauty, a killer body, and brains. I think I hate her," Jenna said.

"Now, now, you must admit it makes sense to use her body with her head if the package is complete," Tory said. "Actually, it was her idea."

"That double bitch! I really hate her now! What, did she suggest you take a look at the full package?" Jenna asked.

"Yeah, she did not like the idea of her head on some obscure body when she felt she had more to offer," Tory said.

"I'll bet! But, you didn't go for her tits. Ha, I bet she took that well," Jenna stated with a laugh.

"Not too well," Tory said, smiling. I think she still feels she can change my mind," Tory said. 

"How's she going to do that? Stick them in your face very chance she gets," Jenna said laughing at the thought.

"You are too smart. Exactly," Tory said.

"That triple bitch! I have a mind to go beat her senseless. Maybe even give her a scar or two," Jenna said laughing.

"Please wait till after we make the molds," Tory said, laughing with her.

Their dinner came and they started eating. They ordered more wine and then a dessert to share.

"Reagan's must be something," Jenna said.

"What? Oh, her breasts? Yes, Jenna, I can't lie to you. I think they are the best breasts I have ever seen anywhere. Even in magazines," Tory said.

"Wow! That lucky girl," Jenna mused.

"Ashley can try all she wants but I don't see changing my mind. Plus, I already promised the breasts to Reagan," Tory said.

"What about me? Is there really nothing about me worth anything?" Jenna asked sadly.

"We shouldn't make it too complicated with too many different bodies," Tory said.

"Not even my hands or legs? Guys stare at my butt all the time. What about my butt?" Jenna asked. "Is it better than Ashley's?"

"You have a fantastic butt," Tory said.

"Could we use my butt?" Jenna asked.

"Do you think we could make it work on Ashley's body?" Tory asked.

"I'm make it work if I have to work 24/7 on it," Jenna said, now sensing possible acceptance from Tory.

"Ashley will be pissed," Tory said. "She might even back out."

"Fuck her! My ass is better than hers anyway. Hers is okay but it sits too high from what I've seen. Guys like a bubble butt like mine with more substance," Jenna said.

"She is going to be slighted losing both the tits and ass," Tory said.

"Might humble the bitch a bit," Jenna said, grinning.

They talked the rest of the meal about the plans for the body. They would need pictures for the skin company. They would then need molds made and put together. They laid out timetables and workloads. By the time he drove her back home, they had a good working plan.

"You want to come up?" Jenna asked, with obvious intent. 

"I need to go," Tory said. "Let's meet tomorrow."

"Reagan waiting?" Jenna said. 

"Jenna, please don't do this," Tory pleaded.

"Okay, I won't, I promise. I can live with this arrangement. Will I get my time too though?" she asked.

"Yes, starting tomorrow. I promise," Tory said.

"Don't hold it against me if I try too hard to be the best," Jenna said.

"I won't," Tory said smiling. 

He kissed her and they parted. He hurried back to his place. It was about nine o'clock when he entered his apartment. He did not see Reagan in the living room. Lights were on though so he figured she was just in the bathroom. He checked the main bath but it was unused, so he went to his bedroom guessing she was in his bath or asleep. As he approached the open bedroom door he heard moaning. He stopped at the door shocked by what he saw.

On the bed lay a naked Reagan but she was not alone. Between her upraised legs was an equally naked Ashley eating Reagan's pussy. They did not see Tory at first so he just stood in the bedroom doorway observing the scene before him. 

Reagan had her eyes closed and she continued to moan as Ashley licked her cunt. Reagan's hands pinched her own stiff nipples as Ashley teased Reagan's clit. Tory continued to watch. Ashley had two fingers in Reagan's hole and she sawed them back and forth. Ashley tortured Reagan's clit with her tongue and lips.

"Oh, Ashley. Oh, God, that is so good," Reagan groaned.

Tory watched as Reagan arched her back pushing her cunt up to meet Ashley's face at her sex.

"Oh, fuck! I'm going to cum. Oh, keep that up. Keep that up!" Reagan begged.

Reagan screamed out as she peaked. Her climax racked her body and she shuddered beneath Ashley. Reagan's hands left her beautiful tits and pushed Ashley's head into her snatch. Reagan's legs clamped around Ashley's head and Tory could no longer see Ashley's face, only her blonde hair splayed over Reagan's abdomen. Eventually, Reagan gasped and groaned and then settled back down to the bed opening her legs wide. Ashley continued to tenderly tease Reagan's cunt and drink her juice.

"Wow!" Tory said, his dick was now stiff in his pants. 

The girls turned to see him and both shrieked in unison. 

"How...how long have you been there?" Reagan gasped. 

"Long enough," Tory said, smiling. 

"Oh, my god!" Reagan said.

"Tory, I can explain," Ashley said.

"No need. I think I understand," Tory said, still smiling.

Reagan looked mortified. Ashley looked like the kid with her hand in the cookie jar - or honey pot, so to speak. 

"Oh, god, Tory! I'm sorry," Reagan said trying to move up the bed away from Ashley.

"No need to be sorry." Tory said.

"Tory, it's my fault," said Ashley. "I just had to see her tits. Reagan finally agreed to show them to me. Then I asked to feel them. One thing led to another and here we are," Ashley said. "It's not Reagan's fault. Blame me if you must," Ashley said.

"I don't need to blame anyone," Tory said. "Just let me know when you are done," Tory stated, turning to leave. 

"Wait," Reagan yelled, scrambling to get off the bed and run to him.

"You can join us if you want," Ashley called to him.

Tory stopped and Reagan hugged him.

"Don't be mad please," Reagan said

"I'm not mad. You two are free to do what you want," Tory stated.

"Come join us," Ashley called again.

"Ashley, shut up," Reagan yelled at her.

"Looks like you two want to be alone," Tory said.

"No, we don't," Reagan shouted.

"We'd like it better if you joined us," Ashley said again.

"Ashley...," Reagan yelled again but then Tory spoke.

"Okay," Tory said.

"What?" Reagan said.

He took her hand and led her back to the bed. Ashley smiled as he and Reagan approached. God, she was beautiful as she sat up on the bed with her legs under her. 

"You want to be with us both," Reagan asked, as if she couldn't believe it.

"Sure," Tory said.

"Let's strip him, Reagan," Ashley said, getting off the bed and moving to them.

Tory stood there as Ashley removed his sport coat, and then started unbuttoning his shirt. Reagan stood there too for several seconds before starting to help. In less than a minute Tory was naked. His cock was still stiff and pointing out straight in front of him. Ashley's hand encircled him and pulled him by his root to the bed. 
