 Final Chapter 7 This is a fictional story. 

* * * * *

Author's note: Happy Holidays All! 

Many Thanks to Techsan for his brilliant editing of this series. Hope you all enjoy this story. It was fun to write. 

Thanks for help naming the robot, Ann Droid Tarrington. 

* * * * *

The women all had early classes the next day and Jenna had to study for a test. Tory did some work with Ann on his own. He went to the store and bought wood and mats. With the mats, Ann and he practiced judo and karate. Tory had taken several years of Aikido. In addition to studying many religions including Zen, he had Ann follow him through the movements and defense postures of the martial art. She moved with strength and grace. He was proud of the flexibility Reagan and he had constructed into her design. 

Reagan finally got to Tory's apartment around four o'clock and let herself in. As she entered, she noticed a pile of broken up wood stacked by the door. She also saw the mats. Ann was sitting on the mat like an Indian reading the bible. 

"Hi, Ann," Reagan said.

"Hi, Reagan," Ann replied.

"Where is Tory?" Reagan asked.

"We took a shower together and he is getting dressed," Ann said still naked.

Just then Tory walked from the bedroom to say hi to Reagan.

"You took a shower with her?" Reagan asked.

"Yeah, I wanted to make sure the latex skin was tight and waterproof," Tory stated. 

"Was it and did you actually soap her up?" Reagan asked.

"It was and only her hands and arms. They tend to get a little dirty when she cooks. She washes but not always underneath her arms well," Tory said.

"Did you have fun in the shower, Ann?" Reagan asked.

"Yes. And I used my throat again," Ann said.

Reagan turned to Tory with a smile and said, "You had her suck you off in the shower?"

"Well, yes," Tory said. "I'm going to have to teach her the meaning of discretion." 

They both laughed and Reagan gave him a kiss. 

"Was she as good the second time as the first?" Reagan wanted to know.

"Maybe better. I think she is getting the hang of it," Tory stated.

"I might become jealous or learn to hate our little creation here," Reagan said with a smile.

"She's good alright but could never replace you, babe," Tory said.

"Well, thanks," Reagan said. "I just hope she leaves something for me though."

"I'll need some breaks but I'll make sure not to overdo it," Tory said. 

"Good," Reagan said, smiling. "What's with the wood?"

"Oh, that. I was teaching her judo and karate," Tory said.

"You telling me she broke all those boards?" Reagan asked.

"Yes, with ease. Do you see what she did to those 2 x 4 studs? She broke them like matchsticks. I have to be careful with her defense tactics. She can break arms and legs easily," Tory said.

"Wow!" Reagan agreed.

"That's not all. Like you I put a thing or two special into her. See that 2 x 4 over there?" Tory asked.

"The one that is all splintered up and looks like Swiss cheese?" Reagan asked.

"Yeah, watch this," Tory said.

"Ann, stand up please," Tory said, and she did. 

Tory grabbed the longest unbroken 2 x 4 remaining. He held it up by both hands out way in front of him. 

"Ann, show Reagan your nails," Tory said.

Reagan watched in amazement as Ann shot four inch steel nails out of her fingers and thumbs. 

Ann said, "Ouch," as they came through her latex skin covered hands. Red water resembling blood was slightly evident at the cuts in the latex. 

"Oh, my god," Reagan gasped. "You made her like Wolverine?"

"Well, more like Catwoman," Tory chuckled. "They are four inches long and made from razor sharp tungsten steel. They extract on command. You like the way I taught her to say 'ouch' when she extends them? Really she says that anytime she cuts herself as a safety measure." 

"Awesome," Reagan said. 

"Watch this! Ann, hit the board three times please," Tory said.

Reagan watched in amazement as Ann peppered the board with three strong hits. The tungsten nails pierced right through the board like it was paper. Splinters of wood littered the front of Tory's shirt. He had closed his eyes.

"Unfucking real!" Reagan exclaimed.

"Yeah, she is awesome, isn't she? No wood product or structure is safe from destruction around Ann. Really no glass product either. I think she could destroy even most metals. Aluminum would certainly be no match for her. She could probably wreak havoc on a car," Tory said. "Even the aluminum engine block would be in trouble."

"My god," Reagan gasped. "She is a lethal weapon."

"Well, hopefully a fantastic bodyguard is what I was after," Tory stated, as he discarded the shredded board on the pile. 

"Ann, you can retract your nails now," Tory told her, and she did.

"Reagan, watch how her fingers heal. It will only take about six minutes," Tory said.

Tory showed Reagan how he had taught Ann many martial arts moves. As he did, Reagan also watched the little visible blood dry on her fingers and the cuts close up. It was amazing to say the least.

"Are we ready to show her off at the mechanical engineering project exhibit?" Reagan asked.

"Does Professor Johns understand we will not be able to leave her there overnight? Only for a few hours," Tory asked. 

"Yes. He wants us to give him an idea of when we will bring her by. He will then have other department heads and many top students there. The college president will attend too, Tory," Reagan said.

"No pictures or stories in the paper? No reporters, right?" Tory demanded.

"No. I made that clear to him. We would gladly bring her back after Christmas with your dad's permission for a photo session but not before," Reagan stated. "The manufacturers all want to be represented as well at her official unveiling."

"Good," Tory said. "I'll leave with her at the first sign of media!"

"Okay, I agree," Reagan said.

"Reagan, I have programmed her to recognize my family. Actually, I have told her she is a member of the Tarrington family. That was a little disturbing at first when I thought about fucking my own sister and my dad fucking his daughter but I think I can handle that okay," he said with a grin. 

"She will answer to Ann, Ann Tarrington, Ann Droid, or Ann Droid Tarrington in that order. For now, she considers me her master. She will obey me first and foremost. You second, then Jenna and Ashley. She does not recognize anyone else as being able to issue her commands. Is that okay with you?" Tory asked.

"Yes, perfect," Reagan agreed. 

"She views you and me as her creators. She knows Jenna and Ashley played a key role too. I am training her to protect all of us. In the future, my dad will be the primary master from whom she will only take commands. You and I will be secondary then. Okay?" Tory asked.

"I agree," Reagan stated. "Wow."

"What?" Tory queried.

"I just have to step back and stare in wonder at her, Tory. I can't believe what we have created here. This is just too amazing," Reagan concluded.

"I know. But I try just to concentrate on all the work yet remaining. It helps keep me from just looking at her constantly," Tory said.

"Tory, we need to discuss clothes for her. It is okay for her to be nude if you like all the time in the apartment but out on the street you know that will create many complications," Reagan said, with a smile.

"Especially, those gorgeous breasts, right." Tory said rhetorically. "I'm way ahead of you. Jenna and Ashley will be stopping over later. They are going shopping after classes today for clothes. I gave them a bunch of money. Ashley was jealous," Tory said laughing.

"Oh, good. You are thinking of everything. Great," Reagan stated.

"Reagan, can you train her on body parts and knowing her own touch? I want to explore her ability from a sensory standpoint," Tory said. 

"No problem," Reagan said.

"I have some shopping to do. I will call Professor Johns and tell him we will bring Ann over tomorrow at one o'clock if you agree," Tory said.

"Yes, that's perfect," Reagan agreed.

"I'll pick up a couple bottles of wine for us. Tonight, I want to try out her pussy if it's okay with you?" Tory asked.

"Yes, she is ready for that, if you are," Reagan said, with a big grin. 

"Yeah, I know she's not nervous but I must admit I am a little," Tory stated.

"What's the matter? Afraid she'll fuck your brains out?" Reagan mused.

"Well, yes to be honest about it," Tory agreed. "I only have one dick you know."

"And a good one at that," Reagan quipped.

"Reagan, could you also go over swear words with her and their use," Tory said.

"I already did yesterday, Tory," Reagan stated.

"Oh, good," Tory said.

Reagan worked with Ann while Tory left for the store. As he walked out the door, he saw Reagan sitting on the floor with Ann reviewing the feel and sensitivity of her nipples.

By the time Tory got back, Jenna and Ashley were already there. The meeting with Professor Johns was all set and Tory had bought a handgun. He kept that secret from the girls for now. He wanted to train Ann with weapons when they were next alone.

Tory was surprised when he walked into the apartment. The three women were standing around Ann. He could not see her completely but she looked different. 

"Tory, come see Ann," Ashley yelled.

Tory walked over and they stepped back a little from Ann. 

"Oh, my," Tory said.

Before him stood the exact image of Ashley, with slightly larger breasts and a fuller ass, but clothed in a tank top and mini-skirt. She had two inch heel boots on her feet. She looked gorgeous. Exactly like Ashley might similarly dress. Maybe better.

"Isn't she a knockout?" Jenna said. 

"Wow!" Tory exclaimed. "Remarkable!"

"She is beautiful, isn't she," Ashley said, with unabashed pride.

"No doubt," Tory agreed.

"We were just explaining to her how important it is to be dressed in public. We don't want her going to the bathroom and returning nude to a party or dinner engagement," Reagan said.

"Good point," Tory agreed. "Jenna, did you teach her to use the bathroom the other day?"

"Yes. I also taught her what you said about drinking an eight ounce glass of water at least once a week to maintain her fluids. More if she is having sex often. Also to go to the bathroom within eight hours of consuming anything including cum," Jenna elaborated. 

"Good. She could do harm to herself if she does not drink anything in a month," Tory said.

"She knows that," Jenna said.

"Okay. If you ladies are done with her, I need to check all her vitals. The reactor company wants her monitored daily for at least the first week to make sure all levels are normal," Tory said. "Same thing with the main processor guys."

"No problem," Ashley said. We can show you the rest of her new clothes later just before you fuck her," Ashley said with a laugh. "Reagan told us you plan to take her virginity tonight."

"Is she ready, Ashley?" Tory asked.

"Oh, that pussy of hers is ready to send you to the moon, you lucky bastard. Almost makes me wish I had a dick," Ashley said, and they all cracked up.

Tory sat down with Ann at the kitchen table. He plugged his laptop into the port in her bellybutton visible once the latex insert was removed. He typed some commands into his specially programmed laptop and a series of algorithms and graphs came up on the screen. Tory checked all her power levels, brain functions, and sensory tests. Everything checked out perfectly. He downloaded a series of commands for defense systems and security he had personally developed. Then he disconnected.

The late afternoon involved more sensory stimulation. They were all amazed how well her sensors worked. She could feel a pin drop on her skin from ten inches away. The sensors in her throat and pussy could pick up any slight movement. 

Ann cooked dinner while the four friends drank wine and chatted about her capabilities and further needs. Tory had bought her a roast beef, potatoes, salad ingredients and broccoli. Ann prepared everything from recipes she knew. She even made garlic mashed potatoes and gravy from the meat drippings. Tory had taught her to use the protective mittens to keep from damaging her skin in the oven. He also taught her to feel heat and know smoke and the resulting danger. It was part of her security programming. 

After dinner, they let Ann clean up too. It almost seemed cruel to make her do all the work until they kept reminding themselves she was an android and couldn't care less. 

When Ann was done, they all retired into the bedroom. The girls showed her how to undress and soon she was naked again. Tory stripped as did all the women. Tory was not the only one planning on having fun. 

Ashley explained to Ann that she should get Tory hard with her mouth first. As Tory stood by the bed with Reagan on one side and Jenna on the other, Ann got on her knees and took his semi-soft cock into her mouth. Reagan kissed him and played with his right nipple as Jenna sucked on his left. With his cock in Ann's mouth, Tory became hard quickly. The stimulation of two beautiful women playing with his nipples and an android sucking his cock would get any man hot. 

Ashley gave Ann instructions this time. When Tory was hard, Ashley commanded Ann to lie down on the bed. Tory moved over her and kissed Ann. For a tongue-less robot, she was a remarkable kisser. She would suck on Tory's lower lip. Her lips were wet and soft. If unchecked, she could suck the air from a guy's lungs. 

As they kissed, the women positioned Tory's hard cock to the entrance to Ann's cunt. They told him to push in. There was no need to worry about hurting her and her tight pussy cavity expanded quickly to wrap tightly around his cock. Her moisture was wonderful. Ashley told Ann to suck him in. Tory did not understand what she was saying until he felt building pressure on his cockhead and then felt himself being pulled down into her cunt all the way to his balls.

"What is that?" Tory screamed.

"Oh, did I forget to tell you about my other innovation," Reagan said laughing.

"What? Yes!" Tory moaned.

"Unlike in her mouth, which just utilizes gravity to pull things down, I installed a downward suction pump for her pussy. Once your cockhead is nested into her cunt she can pull you in like a black widow spider to a fly," Reagan said laughing. 

"Oh, you wicked nasty woman," Tory groaned as the pressure to his cockhead tickled him deliciously. 

"She can even hold your cock there so you can't move if she wants," Reagan stated.

"Oh, fuck, you're a devious witch," Tory gasped.

Ann was not gripping him that hard though and he was able to pull back and push into her cunt. It felt heavenly. She was hot and moist. Tory started pumping into her. Ann had just the right amount of tightness and suction to tantalize his cock. He pushed deep into her but encountered no obstructions even with his entire length buried in her cunt. 

"Talk to him like I taught you, Ann," Ashley said.

"What?" Tory asked.

"Fuck me, Tory. Fuck my pussy please. Harder. Harder. Fuck me as hard as you can," Ann said.

"Oh, fuck, you taught her to talk dirty too?" Tory asked gasping.

"Bury your cock in me, Tory. Pump me full of your cum," Ann continued.

"Oh, shit, you guys are brutal on a guy," Tory moaned.

"Give me all of your spunk, Tory. I'll swallow it for you too if you want to pull out of my cunt and put it in my mouth," Ann stated.

The voice they had given her was a melodic female singer's voice. Tory could not remember if it was Lee Ann or Carrie, or one of the other country singers but the voice was helping bring his orgasm on. Jenna had taught her some songs and she sang great. 

Tory pounded into her as hard as he could. He was getting close. His balls were up tight to his shaft.

"Are you going to cum?" Reagan asked.

"Yes," Tory said.

"Ashley, have her turn it on," Reagan said.

Ashley told Ann to utilize the rotary cylinder in her cunt like the one in her neck. Reagan had installed the same device to add even more stimulation to the penis.

"Oh, fuck, you didn't?" Tory grunted. 

"We certainly did," Reagan said, smiling at him. 

"My god," Tory gasped. "Oh, that is so fucking good."

"Make him cum, Ann," Ashley said.

Tory immediately felt greater suction and moisture in her cunt. The rotating motion and the other stimuli were too much for him.

"Fuck!" Tory yelled.

His cock exploded in Ann's cunt. He hosed the insides of the android with his cum. She continued to have her cunt bring suction to the head of his cock. Tory fucked into her until his orgasm passed and he collapsed. He did not have to worry about crushing her or suffocating her. That was not possible for him to do.

When Ann sensed his dick stopped cumming, she backed off on the suction and stopped the rotary motion. Tory let his cock soften in her a little and then he pulled back and out. He rolled off her to the side gasping.

"How was it?" Jenna asked, with a big smile and already knowing the answer.

"You guys taught her very well," Tory gasped. "And Reagan, your little tricks are man-killers."

"Thanks. I'll take that as a compliment," Reagan claimed.

They all took a break even though the women, other than Ann, had not gotten any. They all stayed naked though, as they had Ann try on her new clothes for Tory. She had a good blend of sexy, classy, business-like, and casual clothes. Ashley had planned that she would wear a business suit to the mechanical engineering project review the next day. Everyone was good with the idea. Ann looked great in everything including several slinky dresses. What Tory liked best was all the lacy bras and thongs from Victoria's Secret. He thought his dad would surely go nuts over those.

Ashley had Ann try on the sexiest things last. With Jenna and Reagan sitting on the couch on either side of Tory lightly teasing his cock and balls, Tory was rock hard by the time the fashion show ended. 

"Jenna, suck him a little for me. I want to ride his cock. I haven't gotten any lately with Ann doing him all the time," Reagan stated.

"Okay," Jenna said, and she licked the head of Tory's cock. 

Jenna sucked him good for a few minutes then turned him over to Reagan. She mounted him right on the couch. Since Tory had cum only a little while before, Reagan rode him to two good orgasms and he still had not gotten off. Reagan dismounted from his cock with a delightfully fucked feeling. She and Jenna lightly teased Tory to keep him hard but allow him to calm a little so Jenna could ride him. 

Jenna mounted him next. She was hotter than a firecracker and came within minutes of having Tory buried in her pussy. They fucked for a good long while after that until they both exploded about the same time. Tory deposited a good load of cum deep in her cunt.

When Jenna got off Tory, Ashley pulled her to the floor and they ate each other. Ashley sucked up Tory's cum as it leaked from Jenna cunt. They teased and sucked each other for a while until they both orgasmed. Jenna got off once and Ashley twice. Ashley got off twice because Reagan helped Jenna by pumping her fingers from behind into Ashley's cunt while Jenna sucked her clit. 

Exhausted, the women left including Reagan. They all had classes the next day but would be there for the meeting at one o'clock. Reagan was going to meet Tory there with Ann fifteen minutes early. 

Tory set Ann up with the Tivo again before going to bed. He also had classes in the morning but got back around eleven. Ann was dressed in her business suit and ready to go. She also had a sandwich on pumpernickel bread ready for Tory for lunch. Tory ate the sandwich, then they when to his car. He drove out into the country to a gun range he knew of. He paid for time and taught Ann how to shoot a pistol. She learned easily and her steady hand, spectacular eyesight, and lack of breathing gave her all the advantages she needed to be a dead accurate shot.
