 "You realize young Yerick that once you've changed there is no going back?"

Yerick thought for a moment that if the sorcerer was able to change him into a dragon that it was probably possible to be changed back. The sorcerer was already doing him a favor though as payment for a debt owed and Yerick didn't want to squander such a gift.

"It would seem that way, and in normal circumstances I could but dragons are wonderous creatures in that most magics are useless. This is one of them."

Yerick thought to himself how could the sorcerer know what he was thinking. It didn't matter either way the sorcerer knew why he wanted to be turned into a dragon and he wanted nothing else but to be with his love.

"I wouldn't have it any other way."

The sorcerer appeared pleased at the response and motioned for Yerick to come over to a table with a couple glass jars of redish liquid sitting at the end.

"Drink these and we'll step out into the field," handing Yerick the jars, "and please don't throw it up I don't have the resources to make another set."

Yerick wondered at why he'd want to throw it up and figured he'd find out as soon as he drank it. Taking the first jar and a couple gulps later he set the empty jar back down. A warm sensation spread throughout his body but nothing unpleasant. The second though nearly made him gag. The bitterness would've made anyone pucker up but he could have swore it was burning his mouth and insides as he ingested the foul fluid. Slowly though the pain subsided leaving a throbbing sensation in his gut. The sorcerer seemed pleased and started walking out the door.

"You'll want to strip down naked. Don't want to ruin decent cloths. I'll meet you out on the field."

He did as he was told and folded his cloths setting the stack neatly on the table next to the jars. He couldn't help but give his body one final look over. In a few minutes it would be scales instead of the smooth pale skin riddled with hair along his legs, arms, and pubic area. He laughed at himself a bit eyeing his penis, it'll be odd not seeing it there any more.

Stepping out of the house the sorcerer had a large circle of candles a short walk away from the house. The wizard stood in the middle waiting for Yerick. He wondered what the drinks were for as his stomach continued throbbing a warm pulse that seemed to permeate his body.

"What was the drinks for?"

"They're to balance your stomach as you shift. A dragon's stomach is highly acidic compared to a human's and I don't think it would feel to well your first meal after shifting if you didn't have the drinks. Just a little something to be safe."

"You made me drink acid?"

The sorcerer looked at Yerick seeming to debate with himself if he was going to do this or not. Yerick took the hint and stepped into the circle. It was obvious he was to stand in the middle. Without a word the sorcerer stepped out of the circle and faced the center just outside.

"You'll feel pain like you've never felt before as flesh is stretched and torn. Your flesh will burn as scales grow and your back will feel as if it's being ripped in all directions as your body takes shape. You already ingested the drinks you'll die if you stop now. Stay put and it'll all be over soon enough."

"Well I didn't expect this to be pleasant."

The sorcerer took a knee and laid his hands on the dirt ground. A moment later the circle of candles extinguished and a bright red light made a perfect ring in place of the candles. Arcs began forming in the ring, ancient lettering and symbols followed all in a pattern around the center where Yerick stood.

Soon Yerick was engulfed in immeasurable pain throughout his body. It seemed almost instantly his flesh felt as if he were on fire. He felt a pop in his back which repeated throughout the rest of his body as he swore he was being torn in half. Repositioning of his legs brought solid cracks of pain. He tried to scream in agony as he fell to the ground but his mouth was locked shut in agony and soon blackness overwhelmed him.

The next morning Yerick woke laying on his side. A dull ache throbbed from something extending from his back and he rolled himself to his stomach. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a dark green thing extending from his back and found he had feeling throughout its entire as it lay flat against the earth. It seemed to feel like another arm with fingers and as he stretched it felt skin tighten between the fingers to his back. The same was for the other side. They were wings. Another strange sensation trailed behind he legs where his rear should have been. Turning his head Yerick saw his tail which seemed to sway along the grass of its own accord. All covered in dark green scale that darkened up his back and lightened towards his belly. The air was cool against the skin of his wings but there was no other feeling of air along the rest of his body. Even the earth felt dull against his belly.

The sorcerer stepped from his house and eyed his work appreciatively.

"I would be careful about flying till you're accustomed to your new form. Just because you've got wings doesn't necessarily mean you can fly. Normal dragons instinctively take to flight with a bit of...guidance you can say from their parents. It'll take some time for those instincts to take hold but I'm certain that in time even other dragons wouldn't see anything off from your behaviors."

Yerick made to thank the sorcerer but the new forked tongue made forming words difficult. The result was a deep gurgle that could be mistaken for an awkward growl. The sorcerer seemed to gather what Yerick was trying and couldn't help but laugh at the attempt.

"I did owe you. We'll speak of it no more. I wouldn't mind seeing you again in time though, maybe perhaps with a clutch from your mate. Now I'm sure there's a fair lady waiting for you in the mountains. Just be careful when you decide to learn to fly what goes up must come down so don't make yourself too exhausted on your first flight."

Yerick stood and pulled his wings against his body wanting to keep the sensitive skin off the ground. The feeling was different but comfortable. The tail was definitely going to take some getting used to. He bowed his head to the sorcerer who now seemed to have gotten much smaller. The man only stood half ways up his fore-arm....or leg as it was and he turned and began walking towards the mountains. For some reason there was no more North or South any more, something inside held a mental map. The smells were indescribable. Walking on all fours felt much easier than walking bi-ped there wasn't near as much balance required and he could feel his tail shift as his body shifted through each step.

It was early in the morning as the sun finally crested over the horizon behind Yerick as he walked toward the mountains. His body itched to take flight but the sorcerer's helpful advice kept him on the ground. As he walked though he began to detest the advice. He had to keep his head together though, no need to be reckless. There was also the fact that taking off would no doubt be much easier than landing and he couldn't quite fathom how he would control his wings to land safely. He'd seen his love land countless times but now that he would have to do it himself the coordination just wouldn't be there.

As time elapsed new smells would appear and a couple he couldn't help investigate. One was a musky odor that had a bittersweet tang to it. Following the scent was incredibly easy and to his surprise it led to a small brown bear with a bulge on its back. The bear caught scent of Yerick and took alarm roaring its distress as it ran off. It took a moment to realize that it was a large grizzly bear. If such a beast was so terrified of dragons than he really had no rival to fear any more besides other dragons.....and man as the thought passed him. He really hoped nobody would find him walking through the open woods. Without knowing how to fly he was quite vulnerable from the legendary dragon slayers, if such things existed. People told tales of such heroism which in his opinion was blatant murder quests and probably lies considering nobody he knew had ever even seen a dragon.

Yerick had been to his love's den in the mountains once and it wasn't by walking. The urge to fly was overwhelming and once he made it into a clearing in the trees the sorcerer's words no longer held any meaning to him. He had to fly.

Giving himself plenty of room in the clearing Yerick spread his wings to their full length. The warm summer's air played softly against the soft skin of the membranes as he stretched them as far as he could. A beautiful sight to his eyes as he looked them over appreciatively. Giving an experimental flap the feeling of air rushing beneath him was invigorating as his heart quickened in anticipation. The wings felt just his arms did with very long webbed fingers. A couple more experimental wing beats lifted his front half partially off the ground. Feeling he had the gist of it heave gave it his all. One powerful wing beat after another Yerick slowly lifted off the ground tail dragging along till his entire body was airborne. The slightest change in his grip on the air would tilt him one way or the other and soon he had himself flying directly into the tree line in front of him. A slight change in pitch and he was rising quickly above the forest, tail dangling behind him throwing off his balance. Pulling his tail this way and that had such an impact on his balance that he realized his tail was like the rudder of a ship and in short time was flying smoothly high above the forest heading toward the mountains. 

Nightfall was coming which began to worry Yerick because landing was going to be difficult enough as it was but in the dark he was certain that he wouldn't come away unscathed. His internal map told him he was close to his love's den as he banked around the curves of the mountains and to his delight the familiar dark hole in the mountainside below marked the end of his flight. Circling around he slowly descended and caught sight of the blue beauty coming out of the cave watching as he made for his first landing. Coming in too fast would obviously cause a mishap and he had to think fast as the ground quickly rose up to him. Remembering his tail was his rudder he dropped it down and leaned back causing him to stall and drop suddenly. Panicking he beat his wings to slow his fall and with the grace of a baby taking its first steps landed hard making his paws hurt from the sudden impact. Wings sore he folded them and checked himself over. Still in one piece and nothing broken he looked back towards the cave mouth where she stood.

Similar in size to himself she was a dark blue. Nearly black along her back and white along her belly. A pair of lightly curved horns protruded from the back of her head which made him wonder about his own. His tail twitched in excitement as she stepped over.

"Ye.....Yerick is that you?"

Yerick tried his best to form words again and at least this time was able to make himself coherent.

"Stela, I did it. I'm here to stay this time."

Stelathronas was her full name. She admired her lover before closing in for an embrace resting her head along his shoulders. Yerick returned the embrace. As close to a hug as he could imagine between dragons. The closeness to his love excited him. A brush of cold mountain air between something protruding from between his legs made Yerick stir and break apart. Looking down beneath his body he found his dragon's penis for the first time. Bright pink and moist the length surprised him and a knot bulged like two eggs formed at the base. The tip was slightly curved upward and pointed. Stela eyed it appreciatively her own excitement becoming slightly obvious.

"Would you like a clutch love?"

Yerick looked back up into Stela's piercing blue slitted eyes. He wanted nothing else than to have a clutch with his love.

"Of course."

Stela made to take flight and stopped, remembering Yerick could hardly fly let alone have a successful mating flight. He'd probably end up killing himself after letting his first load. She wasn't quite sure about mating on the ground. It wasn't how she wanted her first mating but the mating flight would come soon enough and they would have their complete bonding then. She wanted him now.

Yerick could smell Stela's sweet pungent scent as her arousal increased. Laying down she rolled herself over on her back and laid her wings out flat against the flat rock cave opening. Her hind legs were spread giving Yerick full view of her horizontal slit. The position was very awkward for Stela but she knew this was how humans mated and for some reason humans always found a female's genitals to be quite a sight. Yerick knew this was something quite alien to her and a new level of appreciation filled him as he admired Stela's slit.

Yerick stepped over Stela's body being careful not to step on her wing membranes and positioned his shaft over her slit and lowered himself into her. It would be his first time having sex even when he was human. The moment his tip slid into her pleasure surged through his tip down his shift making his knot throb pleasantly. His shaft slid in so smoothly as her slit engulfed his entire length. Her warmth enveloping him inch by inch till his knot. With a bit of effort he slid his knot into her and absolute pleasure engulfed him. The knot was so sensitive to her inner walls he ached with pleasure. Stela made a dull grumble as her slit was penetrated for the first time. She never thought that mating would feel so amazing his shaft was a spear of throbbing pleasure and the knot made her groin warm with pleasure.

He pushed himself into her till his belly was flat against hers his entire length filling Stela's slit. His human instict to caress and love was still very much alive and he dipped his head down and made to kiss her and realized that he no longer had the lips he had before. A kiss as he knew it before just wasn't possible. Stela saw his intention. She knew humans enjoyed kissing she'd let yerick kiss her on the snout countless times before and all she could do was return with a lick for fear of harming him with her teeth. Now she could return the kiss. 

Stela tilted her head and opened her mouth. Yerick closed in and did the same wrapping his mouth in hers. Stela's tongue found his and the kiss deepened making Yerick's heart race even further as he began sliding his shaft back out and in. His knot pushing its way in and out of her slit as he softly humped her. Slowly his pace quickened and Stela began groaning a dull rumble through locked jaws with Yericks. She withdrew from the kiss as pleasure began to overwhelm her making Yerick hump faster and harder to make her orgasm. His own pleasure surging inside his lower belly just above his penis slit as his knot throbbed with more and more pleasure. Stela cried out in orgasmic bliss ringing out a high pitched roar and soon Yerick was growling with the similar pleasure till he felt his knot surge with pleasure as orgasm spread through the area above his penis slit down his shaft.

Yerick humped sporadically as his orgasm intensified with each thrust and then felt himself let loose inside her. He stopped humping and let himself feel his seed fill her depths as she took his seed inside. Stela felt her belly warm as his seed filled her in bursts till she was full and some seeped out as his last burst pumped into her.

Stela breathed heavily and stared lovingly into Yerick's eyes as he shuddered exhausted in his work combined with his first flight. He collapsed onto her and rested his paws on her shoulders. The weight was heavy against her body but bearable for the time being as she ran her paws along his sides brushing his wing membranes making them twitch with the touch.

"I had never thought mating like this would be so wonderful."

Stela wrapped her tail around Yerick's as she held him close, feeling the presence of his shaft slowly fade as it shrunk back into his slit. Yerick was getting used to his forked tongue and almost sounded like he did before changing into a dragon. Of course it would never be the same but neither would the rest of him.

"Neither did I....how long till we have eggs?"

"In a moon cycle. They'll hatch before the snow falls."

Yerick finally realized his body was pressing heavily onto Stela's and carefully stepped from her. Taking a final glance at his love's slit as his seed clung to their bodies. He dipped down and licked her groin clean taking time as his forked tongue traveled across her slit. The taste was bittersweet mixed with the sour taste of her slit. Stela twitched as his tongue touched her sensitive area and Yerick wanted to go further but didn't want to abuse something so precious. Maybe next time and Stela was happy that he waited.

With his penis sheathed in his slit it appeared there was no difference from male or female. The scents though was a definitely a clear indication. As he lay down beside his love Stela rolled back over and laid beside him wrapping her tail once again around his own. Yerick spread his wing over her like a protective blanket as she snuggled her head into his chest listening to his powerful heart-beat.

"I can hardly wait."

Just as Stela had told him in the next moon cycle she laid 5 eggs in the nest the lovers had made together. Normally only the females made the nest but Yerick wasn't completely a dragon inside yet. He still had human compassion and that would never leave him. The two took turns warming and watching the eggs as their young grew inside. A few more moon cycles, and many more matings later, soft cracks emanated from the eggs. Two remained still while the other three began shifting in the nest until little heads popped from the shells. Yerick wanted to help but Stela's paw stopped him.

"It is their first challenge into the world. If they fail this then they would have no hope in surviving on their own."

Yerick understood. It wasn't something he had to go through and it almost pained him that he never had to go through the trials that made dragons the fierce predators the were known to be. He had learned much but had a lifetime to learn the rest. 

The two watched as three hatchlings clambered from their shelled prisons. One was green like its father and the other two were a dark bronze. The other two eggs remained still and worried Yerick.

"Why didn't the other two hatch?"

Stela wasn't the slightest bit worried or saddened. It was normal to have a couple lame eggs.

"We had a large clutch dear. I'd be worried if they all hatched, there's always a couple lame eggs. They'll be the hatchlings first meal."

Yerick was comforted by the explanation. At least the lame eggs will still have a purpose. Dipping his head down he sniffed the hatchings. The two bronze were males and the green was female. The hatchlings clambered to their fathers snout yapping high pitched squawks. He licked them clean as they stumbled and Stela watched with utmost joy.

"You know I'm supposed to do that right?"

Stela spoke in the draconic tongue now and Yerick spoke the same. He didn't quite have the entire language down but was learning rapidly. It was almost impossible for a human to learn to speak it and just as hard to understand because it wasn't with literal words they spoke. It could be mistaken as growling and hissing if one didn't know. For dragons the language came naturally from hatching. It took Yerick the same amount of time to learn the tongue as it took a hatchling to learn it.

"I know love, but I wanted to."

"You keep this up and we'll be the strange mated pair of the clan forever."

"Would you have it any other way."

Stela nuzzled her love's snout as their young curled up together and fell fast asleep.
