 In the evening, Elunara took her place beside the throne while the meal was served. A familiar sound caught her attention and she focused on the back of the throne. Flexing her hand, she waited patiently until her target shifted. An assailant raised their hand toward Grommash's back while Elunara shifted her weight. Before the target could finish her swing, Elunara's dagger went into her throat. A blue haired night elf hit the ground at Grommash's feet. The commotion in the room froze as Elunara stooped down to inspect the body. 

"Hey! This bitch owes me 40 gold." She rifled through the corpse's clothes. 

"You just saved Grommash..." Grogek whispered. 

"Huh?" She slipped the contents of the slain elf's belongings in her own bag. Looking up, she noticed the room gaping at her. "Oh. Yeah." She turned her attention to the encoded message in the elf's bag. 

Grommash barked a laugh. "My pet has done well!" 

"I need the board." She mumbled, before pushing past the orcs and heading into the war room. She pushed several objects to the side and began running her finger along the paper. The laid the scrap of paper over the area. 

"Yes, there. Hmm."

"I see nothing but random markings." Grogek frowned.

"It's an encoded message. Each symbol has its own meaning, but this one..." She tapped the paper. "This is a location."

"What does it say?" Grommash narrowed his eyes.

"They have established a foothold at this location. It's a risky spot, but night elves are used to such terrain. I remember seeing it on my way here."

"How do we know this is not a trick?" This from Grogek.

"They left me out here to die, and have no reason to believe I live. Mylune was a terrible rogue, and it's just her style to not only attempt such a stupid, inescapable assassination, but to not destroy such an important piece of paper. Only my kind know this language, it would take my kind to decipher it."

"Hmm. I believe this. Grogek, send out the troops. We must CRUSH this before it becomes a stronghold."

Grogek frowned and looked back and forth between his Warchief and the night elf that was busy poring over the papers. 

"Yes sir. It will be done." He turned and left.

"What else does that paper say?"

"The sister count is low." She murmured, half to herself, but loud enough to be heard. "Only a few glaives, but those are easily dealt with. Hmm. This was a request for support from a alliance out post...." She dragged her finger around the map. "Here. I think." Elunara straightened up. Sliding a finger in a line, she shook her head. "The fastest route was straight through here. Idiot."

Grogek returned. "The troops have been dispatched."

"Send some to this other location as well." 

"It will be done." 

Grommash barked a laugh. "Killed an assassin and led more of my troops to a slaughter, high praise indeed!" Grommash whacked her on the back. "What prize do you claim from me now?"

"Grogek." She stared at the stunned orc as she said it. "I want him to pose for me."

Grommash exploded in laughter. "It is done!"

"But sir..."

Grommash narrowed his eyes. "Do you question me?"

Grogek straightened up. "No sir."

Elunara allowed a small smile. "See you later." She whispered as she walked past.

Later that night she sat in her room, sketching as Ricky brought her some supplies. 

"The orcs sent this stuff over."

"Just place it in the corner."

Ricky went for the door but stopped and looked back. "Hey, uhh... I was wondering..."

"Angling for your own shot? Sorry, sugar. I've tried goblin, you're not to my taste."

"Ew. No. I've seen where you've been. But, I would like one of those full body poses. Clothes on, of course." He added quickly. "Your work..."

"Of course. Maybe tomorrow. I have bigger fish to fry."

Ricky shuddered. "Whatever, lady."

Alone, she sketched as fast as her fingers would let her, tracing out important information, detailing the day. She tore the page out of the book, and wadding it up, tossed it over her shoulder. She watched it burn away. 

The polite knock on her door had her smirking. 

"Come in." 

Grogek pushed open the door and stepped inside before quietly closing the door behind him. He frowned at her for several moments before moving to the center of the room and tugging at his armor.

"No, no. Not yet, I like to draw it out." She winked.

He frowned at her. "The men were disappointed they didn't get their chance tonight."

She laughed. "I'm not surprised." Rough sketching, she sighed. "Oh, do relax. I'm not going to bite you. Yet."

He relaxed only a fraction of a margin. "They do not speak to me directly of what goes on in here, but I know."

"Do you, now?" 

"I do not trust you."

"That would make you the smartest orc in this whole fortress." Her eyes darted back and forth between the paper and the silently fuming orc.

"Where did you get the dagger?"

"I've had it a number of years. In fact it's a really funny story..."

"You were searched..."

"And you can search me again. In fact I hope you do. You still won't find it. And you can be VERY thorough."

He said nothing as he glared at her. 

"Turn around please."

"No."

She rose an eyebrow. "Aren't you supposed to follow my instructions?"

"I am the Commander here."

She sighed and shook her head. Holding up the drawing she had mostly sketched out, she frowned. "I want to get a good set of with clothes before I move on. Should I tell Grommash you weren't pleasing?"

His eyes were wide as he stared at the picture. "You..."

"It's not finished, I'll need more sessions. But for a starter it's pretty fleshed out." She pulled her sketchpad to herself. "I am asking you nicely, please turn around."

In a daze he turned around and she continued to sketch.

"You know, ever since I laid eyes on you, I've wanted to see what you hide under all that armor. It's a pity this war is what it is. I could draw for days on what I have seen. Such a brutal land leads to some beautiful bodies."

She could not read him with his back to her, but she could see the tensing of his muscles, the flinching of his jaw. She put her pad aside and walked over. Gently she laid a hand on his shoulder. He started under her touch and she sighed. 

"Tonight, we will stay as this."

He jerked his face halfway towards her. 

"I will get my payment another day. Relax, and just let me draw you."

Slowly she moved away, before sitting back on her bed and picking up the pad. He had visibly relaxed and she returned to drawing. Every now and then she would ask him to turn, to raise an arm, or shift a direction. Gone was the angry scowl, replaced by confusion warring with curiosity. When her fingers tired, and it was difficult to stay awake. She put down the pad, and rose once more. 

Elunara patted his cheek. "See? That wasn't so bad."

He snorted at her. 

She yawned before she could stop herself. With a laugh she shook her head. "Come back tomorrow night, ok?" 

"I don't trust you."

"I'm ok with that." She scratched her head before pushing him towards the door. "Good night."

Without checking to see if he left, she turned and walked back to the bed. She flopped facedown and was out. 

Grogek frowned for a bit, before closing the door and walking away.