 Over the next few days, Elunara and Grogek wandered around the town, learning the lay out and allowing him to be seen, unchained. 

She left him sitting in the barracks, frowning down at a map. A quick walk, and she made her way to the healing building. Sticking her head in, she spotted the head healer, a dwarf.

"Hey Ina. I'm getting low on my tonic."

The squat little dwarf looked up at the tall night elf. "I figured you'd be by eventually. The way you go through the stuff." She turned and began digging through some bottles. "You're in luck. The Draenei have a potent flower on this world that's much stronger and works for the month." She poured liquid into a cup and handed it to Elunara.

"Sweet.!" Elunara chugged it back.

"In your case, I made it a little stronger than usual. Can't have any little accidents running around."

Elunara smirked. "Can't say I disagree." She handed over the cup.

Walking around, she smiled inwardly at the looks she garnered. It was always her specialty to stir up trouble, and felt the best when she was center of attention. She knocked on the General's door.

"Enter."

"Howdy do." 

"Things seem to be going well." He folded his hands in front of his face. "The townsfolk are not happy with me. They expect him to start slaughtering the masses at any minute."

Elunara waved a hand. "Perception."

"This better pay off, and soon." 

"You're entirely too tense." She leaned forward and grinned. "You know I'm always willing to help with that."

He sighed. "Don't even try it. Keep on task."

She shook her head and straightened up. "You're grumpier since they made you General."

"Does he have any indication...?" The General let the comment hang in the air. 

Quiet, she stared out the window. "He suspects..." She shook her head. "He's been trying to tell me something, but I'm having difficulty understanding him." She tapped her fingers on her leg. 

"Don't tell me you've gone soft on the orc."

She shook her head and continued to stare at the clouds in the sky through the window. Abruptly she turned to the General. "I have him well in hand. I will pick him apart, just like any other. Meanwhile, I'll keep him useful."

The General frowned. "Do so."

She left then and swung into the barracks to pick up her drawing desk. 

Grogek grinned up at her, but continued to examine the map. "Going drawing?"

"You know me, I can't stay still." 

He abandoned his map and moved over to her. His lips brushed her hair. "This place must drive you mad."

She laughed. Opening the door, she pointed to a far hill. "I'm going to go up there. I have a pretty good view. If you need me, I'll be there."

She hiked her way to the top of the hill and sat next to a tree. Adjusting herself, she watched the men in training. After seeing the Iron horde's fortress, she sighed. They really weren't ready. She lost herself in her art. 

A huge shape blocked the light. 

"Hello, Groggy." 

He laughed. "I don't like when you call me that." He sat down behind her, his legs coming down beside hers. 

She adjusted back, he leaned against the tree and shifted her backside into his crotch. For awhile he just sat there, his arms wrapped around her waist, as she drew. She was comfortable. Not just a physical comfort, but a personal, emotional comfort she had never experienced any other way. She sighed and looked over the training yard.

"They really are pathetic." He muttered.

"Aren't they just?" She scribbled a bit more. 

His hands began to move, and his right hand slipped up into her shirt and cupped her breast. The left one travelled into her pants. Gently he began to lick her neck. She mumbled and shifted, as his fingers slipped down through her hair to the soft wetness below. 

"I see you sitting here." He whispered. "A hungry she wolf, desperate for a kill." He slid a finger into her and massaged her breast with his other hand. "You want them." He began to rhythmically pump his finger in and out. "They're not enough to satisfy you," He slid a second finger and grinned at her moan. "But still you'd drag them to your den." 

Down below, a pair of soldier stood in rest. 

"Hey, man, look up the hill."

The other started to turn but the first smacked him. "Don't be obvious."

"It's the orc and the whore. So what?"

"Follow his left arm."

"Oh. OH." He blushed. "Gods, look at her face." He whispered.

"Any other," Grogek continued. "Would be jealous of his mate looking at another man the way you do." He nipped at her shoulder, and dragged his teeth across sensitive skin. "However, I just want to see you do it." He buried his fingers deep in her. "My beautiful she-wolf." He murmured.

Her body shuddered and her eyes glazed. She collapsed against him and panted softly. He pulled his fingers free and slid them up her body, resting his hands on her stomach. After a final shudder, she adjusted herself and looked over her shoulder. 

"Did that take some of the edge off, my love?" He grinned.

"I don't understand you." She said finally.

"I told you. I know you." He nuzzled her neck. "I saw you in Grommash's fortress, I see you now. You've told me much about yourself and I know. You require men. You want them, you crave them. One will never be enough for you. I'm not only ok with that. I want to watch it happen." He mumbled into her shoulder. 

For once Elunara found herself completely silent. She stared at the soldiers below. Grogek seemed content to hold her in his arms. She couldn't even bring herself to draw.

"They are just terrible."

"Huh?" She blinked dumbly.

"This is the best they have to offer? The Iron Horde will sit on them."

"Then do something about it." Her voice sounded distant to her ears. Shaking herself she returned to the task at hand. "Take over. Train them." She looked over at Grogek's thoughtful face. "You were the Iron Horde's best trainer, and they're going to need Iron Horde perspective." She rubbed her cheek to his. "Keep yourself useful, earn their respect and this place is yours."

"How do we accomplish this?"

"We'll take it to the General."