 It was a couple of days later when she had her first volunteer. One of the male Draenei soldiers found his way into her Room. He tried to make several "heroic" poses, and was annoyed when she said she would start with the standard. 

She decided to ignore the scowl and focus on the features. Carefully she sketched him.

"So when do we get to the good part?" He sneered at her.

"Excuse me?" She raised an eyebrow. 

"Everyone knows who you are. And what you did with the General a couple of days ago."

The pencil didn't stop moving. "Is that so? And what exactly did I do with the General?"

He shifted his feet but didn't stop the scowl. "Well, I don't know EXACTLY, but everyone saw him leave here red in the face and his hair messed up. I've never seen his hair messed up."

"Hmm." She was having a difficult time capturing his feet, he wouldn't stop moving them. 

"I just want my turn." He pouted. 

"After you from this world or mine?"

"Ours. I was born on Azuremyst."

"Hmm." She would probably have to use old pictures then. "Turn please."

"What?"

"Turn to the wall."

He turned and faced the wall. "Why do you have a picture of a goblin on your wall?"

"Because I want to."

"You fuck him too?"

It was sheer fOrce of will that she did not break her pencil. "Why should it matter to you?"

"Just wanna know." He frowned at the picture. "Heard you were into some kinky shit."

"Face the door please."

"What?"

"The door." She raised her voice.

"Right. Make sure you get my tail real good. I'm told I have quite the fine one."

Elunara choked down the laugh, and resisted asking the gender of the complementer. "Face the other wall now."

He turned and eyed the beds by the wall. "Why you got multiple beds?"

"Because I want them."

"Well, anyway, everyone knows that's why you got the Orc under control."

"It seems that "everyone" is quite well informed." She said mildly.

"Of course, fucking the General explains why he even let an Orc in the camp in the first place, let alone train us."

"Turn forward please. Oh, and lose the pants."

"That's what I'm talking about." He complied happily. 

She continued to sketch out the rough details of what she needed. "Face the door."

He shrugged and turned around. "Everyone knows what goes on in here. Some even say you two do it in front of everyone. Michael said a month ago you two were jacking like rabbits in the south Orchard."

"Hmm." She made several notations. Checking her math, she tisked to herself. "Face me please."

He turned around with a full hard on. She frowned and looked at her sketch. Cocking her head to the side she narrowed her eyes. "Turn a little, make it face the wall."

He smirked at her. "That fascinating is it?"

She did the math and held her hand up, using her fingers to eyeball it. "Yeah. Plenty." With an inward shrug she drew it faithfully, all three inches of it. She considered the hair, but that still only counted for a missing inch.

"Would you quit gawking and get to working?" 

It was decades of training that kept her face cleared. Carefully, she sat the board and papers to the side and stood up. 

"Oh, yeah. So what are you gonna do? Because I've always wanted..."

She grabbed the hair on his balls and twisted. The shriek he made was quite satisfying. 

"You should know that I have spent well over thirty years perfecting the art of handling a man's private parts." She flicked a nipple with her fingernail. "I've also spent that time finding out exactly how many ways I can cause them pain." Gripping his balls she twisted them on themselves. He flushed white. 

"Aww you poor tiny pecker has gone into hiding!" She crooned. 

He whimpered and shrank backwards. 

"Get this straight. "Everybody" may think I'm a whore, and they wouldn't be that far off. However, I am no prostitute. I don't need payment, I don't want payment. I get what I want, one way or another." She released the tension on his balls but still kept her fingers twined in the hair. Shifting her hand, she pulled them tight to her fist. "If you think that you can come in here and insult "everybody", then I have the right to rip your tiny little dick off and feed it to the nearest starving animal." She released some pressure. "But hey, I'm a Night Elf. We don't believe in poisoning nature." She twisted a different direction.

"Now you will STAND THERE like a good little boy and let me do the service I so WILLINGLY offered. I will finish your drawing, and then you will make yourself SCARCE. Do you understand?"

He whimpered and nodded. 

"Good!" She said, brightly. "Let's continue." She released him and went back for her board.

A little while later he made a running escape. She followed along behind at her own pace. Once she was down at the training yard, she found Grogek looming above the trainees. 

She motioned to the Draenei. "Feel free to make that one's life a living hell."

He grinned. "Can do. Anything I should know?"

She shrugged. "Not really." She kissed him on the cheek and went back. Grogek watched her walk the whole way.

She was surprised to find Captain Jordan at her door the next day.

"Can I come in?"

"Sure." She moved to the side. 

He seemed to be fiddling with his helmet. "This is a bit awkward, but I've had a report..."

"Let me guess! He's a bluish Draenei with a tiny dick and a massive sense of self superiority, who had the nerve to call me a worthless whore who should feel privileged to suck his immense manhood. Am I close?"

Jordan dropped his helmet and gaped. 

"Got it in one." She blew on her finger. 

"Never mind then." He muttered before pinching his nose. 

"It's ok, he's a bit of a whiner. Grogek will take care of that." She snorted. 

Jordan froze. 

"Oh, don't do that." Elunara went to her desk. "He doesn't know what happened."

With a sigh, Jordan picked up his helmet. "May I sit?"

She shrugged. "Sure. But if you sit in my house, I get to draw you." 

"That's fine."

She sat in her chair and tugged her board over and began to draw.

"The General trusts you completely. I'm not really certain why, but he'd take your word over anyone, even my own. Admittedly, I thought he was insane, but I'm starting to see the reason in his insanity." 

"Why are you here, Jordan?" She asked quietly. 

"What did you DO to him the other day?"

She raised an eyebrow. 

He shook his head. "I... maybe it's private, but I want to know how..." He ran his fingers through his hair. 

"Spit it out. I know men, I do not know minds."

"He's been happy."

She blinked a couple of times. "What's wrong with that?"

"There's nothing wrong with it. It's just kind of weird." He shook his head. "It's gotten around that you and he..."

This time she laughed. "Oh, sweetheart, I haven't had sex with Johnathan Renwa in six years." 

"Does..." Jordan hesitated and bit his lip. "Does the Orc..." At her glare he amended. "Does Grogek know that?"

"In fact he does." She shook her head. "Why do I feel like I'm going to spend the next twenty years of my life explaining my relationship with Grogek?" She leaned forward. "Let me be perfectly clear: Grogek does not care who I fuck. In fact, he hopes this little art project will get me the willing bodies I require."

Jordan blinked at her as he flushed all the way up to his hairline. "You're joking."

"Not a bit." She shrugged. "He's told me repeatedly how excited the whole thing gets him."

Jordan stood up, bowed to her and walked out without a word. She grinned and continued to draw that stunned face of his.

A few days later, she got her first real prospect. She almost missed the soft knock on the door. Opening the door, she resisted the urge to lick her lips. 

"Um, hi." He held up a flyer with the General's picture on it. "Are you the artist?"

"The artist. I like that." She grinned. "Come on in."

He was pretty young, but the shape of him said he'd been suffering under Grogek's hand. 

"Listen..." He looked down at the picture. "I heard what you plan to do... making the catalogue? And I want in. I mean, I want to be in it." He cleared his throat. "I know that Grogek is training us to go against the Iron Horde and that's kind of terrifying. Pleasdonttellhimisaidthat!" He rambled. He straightened up and tried to look dignified. "I want to be remembered." 

Elunara's eyes tracked to the picture of Ricky. 

"If I should go... I mean, I'm only a grunt right now. If I were to go, I'd want my mom to know... I'd want my family to be able to find me. To have this picture of me." He held up the flyer. "Well, not THIS picture, but..."

Elunara walked over and put a finger on his lips. 

"I get you. What is your name?"

"Jerry, Ma'am."

"Alright." She positioned him in the center of the room, and picked up her board and sat down. "Now, tell me everything you got."

Sometime later, he stood in just his pants. He shuffled his feet and scratched his head. 

"Remember, I will never push you into something you don't want. If you want to leave the pants on, that is fine, but if you have any scars, tattoos , or identifying marks, I'll need to know so that I can recreate them for a more accurate account."

He cleared his throat. "Yeah. Right." He looked everywhere but her.

Her eyes darted back and forth between paper and subject. 

"I'm sorry!" He blurted out. 

She didn't flinch. "For what?"

"We... I mean, I... saw you that night."

"What night?"

He coughed and flushed. "In the Orchard with Grogek." He scratched at his head. "I mean it was... I can't really say an accident, but..."

"I know, I saw you." She kept her face neutral, but sketched his faces on another page. He was quite expressive.

"And you're... You're not mad?"

"Do I look mad?" She cocked an eyebrow. "How much gold did you make?"

He frowned. "I lost 75 gold."

She tisk'd. "Never bet against the house."

"Huh?"

"Gerald's studied my mission sheet. He knows what I am."

"Damn it!"

She laughed. "Sweetheart, you are a jewel."

His blush darkened. 

"You've seen mine, now show me yours." She purred.

"It is only fair." He muttered, as he fought with his pants. 

She was entertained to see that flush go down to the tips of his toes. Furiously she sketched at him. "Already a little excited are we?" 

He crossed his arms. "It's a little chilly." He said defensively. 

"I'll warm you up in a bit." She grinned as he swallowed HARD. "Let me just get all the fun parts sketched out first."

"Do you do this a lot?" He crossed his arms over his chest.

"I have lost track of how many years and how many subjects I have drawn. I enjoy drawing a target before I have fun with them. I can't tell you why, so don't bother to ask. I have seen more male bodies than anyone alive. And I enjoy the ones I'm allowed to."

"Allowed to?" He furrowed his brow. 

"I will not force anyone to do something they don't want." She added a few more strokes to the paper. "Turn to the wall please." When he turned, she continued. "I have had many turn me down, even after this. I have had many I turned down, because they weren't worth my time. Face the door." 

"What about Grogek?"

"Oh, I draw him plenty."

"Not what I meant."

"Grogek and I have a special relationship. He knows what I am and he knows what I want. Everything else is insignificant. Face the other wall."

Jerry looked deep in thought.

"Before you can ask, he does not control me. He does not say what I will or won't do. In fact, it is my independent nature that makes him want me so badly. Face me."

Jerry dropped his arms. "He doesn't get jealous?"

She laughed. "Jealous? Honey, he wants to see me happy. Jealousy doesn't even cross his mind. If I told him I wanted a ten man orgy, he'd find me ten men, tie them up in a bow and deliver them to the door."

"That's kind of insane."

"It's beautiful." She purred. "In fact..." She sat her board to the side and stood up. He took a half step back as she laid her hands on his well muscled shoulders. "Do you want to be the first bow?"

"I..." He was hyperventilating. "And he won't kill me?" Jerry whispered. 

"Not before me..." She purred as she slipped her hand down his stomach, ran her fingers through his hair and wrapped them around his twitching dick. 

He swallowed nervously. "I've never been this terrified... or aroused while terrified." His eyes watered.

"There's a first time for everything." She purred, before biting down on his neck. 

"Help." He yelped. 

By time she was finished with him, she was a little disappointed. Virgins usually were. With a sigh she patted his belly. "We're going to have to work on your longevity, dear."

"S—sorry." He stammered.

"It's fine. You did well enough." Even as disappointing as the hand job was, she knew that she only needed one satisfied customer to lure in the rest of the troops. 

"You can do that? Make it go longer?" 

"Honey, if I'd known you were a virgin I would have modified my style."

He blushed and frowned. "I was waiting for the right girl."

"You could have told me no."

He bit his lip and looked away. "I..."

Elunara raised an eyebrow. "Wanted to get it out of the way so you knew what to do when you finally found this special girl?"

He gawked at her with huge eyes. "Uh, yeah..."

"Sweetheart, I've been at this a long time. Would you like to try that again? It's not that difficult to start over. Even if you have burned your load in one shot, a stiff dick is always an entertainment."

He stammered. "Ahh, uhh no. No. I think I need to go."

She shrugged and stood up. "Suit yourself." She picked up her board and continued to work.

As he hastily got his clothes and armor on, she snuck in a few poses. When he finally headed for the door she laughed. "Tell your friends!" She purred.

He yanked open the door and Grogek filled the doorway.

"Oh hey, Sugarbear." Elunara called. "On break?"

"Gave them thirty, what's this?"

Jerry began to stammer.

"Just some midday entertainment."

"Oh?"

"You know me." She winked.

He snorted. "And you told ME not to pick on the little ones."

"Couldn't help myself."

"Hmm." Grogek shifted out of the way and after a moment, Jerry took off like a shot. Grogek laughed.

"You did that on purpose." Elunara scoffed.

"Couldn't help myself." He laughed and shut the door. "How was it?" 

"I wanted a meal, not a potato chip." She snorted. "He's well built, good size, but the staying power of a church mouse."

"I'm sorry." He buried his face in her hair.

"With any luck, he'll lead the rest of them to me soon enough."

"Good." He grinned at her. "Then we'll have our fun."