 A few days later, Elunara was surprised by a knock on the door. She opened the door, and standing there was one of the soldiers. 

"Can I come in?"

"Sure, sugar." She smiled and moved back. 

He stood there looking fidgety. 

"Well?" She closed the door.

"This is going to sound strange..."

"Honey, not much surprises me these days."

"I want to be in one of your drawings."

"Alright." She gathered her pencils and papers. 

"But I don't want to do that other thing." He bit his lip. "Don't tell anyone."

"Hmm." She sat her things down and pushed him into the proper light. She started adjusting him to her liking.

"I really don't want the other thing." 

"That's fine." She stepped back and considered. "A little taller than usual." She adjusted him again. "Do you want the standard clothed, or the nude for the book?"

"I'll... I'll do nude for the book. But I don't want-" 

"The other thing." She nodded. "That's fine." Sitting down, she picked up her board and began to sketch.

"If anybody asks, I did the other thing."

"That's fine." She continued to sketch as she looked up and down. "If you don't relax, I'm not going to get a good drawing of your face. Or the rest of you for that matter." The pencil raced across the page. "I will never force someone to do something they don't want. If you don't want sex, or sexual favors, that's fine. I can separate one job from another. I am a professional after all."

"I'm gay." 

Elunara lifted an eyebrow. "Your point?"

"You can't tell anyone."

"Sugar, I'm all for people being who they really are. However, if you're not comfortable with coming out, that's not my issue." 

He seemed to relax then. "But, you will go a good job? Make it look like... well."

She laughed. "Honey, the naughty ones go in my personal stuff. No one sees those. The book for the healer will be relaxed, basic poses. You will be captured as a person, not a toy. Feel better?"

"A little, yeah."

"Good. Now, relax and let me work." She leaned back. "And as for anything that is said outside this door, feel free to make it up. Or, better yet, ask me for pointers. I can lie my way out of anything. One way or another. You just have to promise me the phrase "mind-blowing" and we're set."

He laughed.

"I will warn you though; people that go down this route, have some complications later. Say you have a guy you're sweet on; he won't believe you're hitting on him. Or, someone gets jealous, thinks you and I had a thing, and they just can't get over it. I have no problem getting myself out of these things, while maintaining your dignity, but you won't."

He frowned. "I guess you're right." He shook his head. "I don't care right now; I just want to fit in with the guys..."

"I know how that works too, shug. You need any advice, you come to me, ok?"

"Ok."

"Turn." She gestured. 

She worked with him for a few hours, before shoving him out the door, flushed and messy. 

When Grogek returned that night, she was finishing up the details on the work. 

"So he actually showed up." Grogek murmured as he lifted a page. 

"You sent him?" 

"I dismiss them for the day if they volunteer." He grinned. 

"Then why don't I get more visitors?" She pouted. 

"He went through with it, I see." Grogek lifted up the nude. 

Elunara eyed him. "Spill it."

"I've begun to suspect he prefers the men."

"He does." She took the page from him.

"It happens from time to time. It will out, eventually."

"That's what I said."

"He hides it well, but it distracts him during combat."

"He got a crush?" 

"Jerry." 

Elunara froze. She put a hand to her forehead. "I feel stupid."

Grogek laughed and dragged her into his embrace. "It's ok, my love. We all make mistakes." 

"And now I have a headache." 

He kissed her forehead. "I can make it go away." He whispered. 

"Jerry and Louis. Lord, I think they're perfect for each other."

She was sorting her papers when she heard the knock. Still holding her page, she frowned as she opened the door.

"Mmm, Jerry said you liked it when we called you the Artist." 

She looked up and blinked a few times. Propping her hand on her hip she grinned. "Well, well, well. Why haven't I seen you in the lineup?"

"I've only been here a few days. You haven't really been out. I think. I mean..." He stumbled and looked around. "I haven't really seen you before. I was told how to find you by Grogek." 

"Come on in, Sugarcakes."

"It's kind of odd, you know."

Her face twitched, but she showed no change. "What is?"

"Having an orc in the town. I mean, with all of our Alliance verses Horde, and then there's this orc here. But I guess we've done that before, when it helps us out." He looked puzzled.

"What's your name?" 

"Oh, Andrew." He twiddled his fingers. "Sorry, I talk when I'm nervous. I've never done this kind of thing." 

She laughed. "Which is?"

"Ah... the whole pose nude thing." 

"Hmm." 

"Anyway, they say he's Iron Horde, and that he worked for the enemy. Is it true?"

"He was Grommash's right hand orc, until I stole him away."

"That's so cool." Andrew breathed. 

Elunara began to gather her tools. "So what brings you to me?"

"Well, I was at the healer having my broken nose fixed...when she said you were working on this big project thing. It sounded kinda cool. Then Grogek said how we get a break from training to do it."

Placing her hands on his shoulders, she positioned him in the center of the room. Once she was satisfied by his pose, she sat down. "So tell me about yourself."

"Oh. Umm..." He looked around.

"Still please."

"Sorry." He straightened back up. "Well, I've actually seen a fair bit of combat. I was stationed under Admiral Taylor in Vash'jir. Then when he went to Pandaria, I was on that boat with the prince. I've barely escaped with my life, Like, a lot. I barely managed to get out of his Garrison when everything went freaky. It sucks he didn't make it."

Elunara looked up. "Admiral Taylor's dead?"

"Yeah."

"Damn. He was a good man."

"You knew him?"

"I've had a few run ins. Turn please." Elunara continued to work with him until he stood before her in nothing but his pants. 

He fidgeted. "I think I should tell you... That the guys were really having me on before I came over."

Elunara lifted an eyebrow. "Oh?" She continued to sketch. "Turn please."

"Well, yeah. I mean..." His shoulders went up and down as he sighed. "Guys say stupid things all the time, so you can't get TOO mad at them."

"The suspense is killing me." She added dryly. "To the front." 

He turned around, flushed red. "That you do naughty stuff." He fidgeted his hands. "I mean, umm sexual kind of things." At her grin, he began to stammer. "I mean that's silly! Right? I mean you wouldn't... ahh you know, do that stuff. And if Grogek found out..."

She erupted into laughter. "Oh, Sugarbear, you are adorable." 

He half laughed. "Yeah, see..."

"They're not wrong."

He stared at her. 

"Pants off, please." He stood there, frozen in shock. 

She cocked an eyebrow. "Do you want to do it, or do I have to take them off myself?"

He began to fumble and shove at his pants. When they finally hit the floor, she was pleased to see he'd already started the party. She'd be able to draw him out, in both counts. She returned to sketching.

"But... what about Grogek?"

"What about him? Should I ask him to join?"

"NO! I mean... wait, join?"

"Grogek helped me arrange all of this."

"S-s-so, he knows?"

"How do you think I dragged him away from the Iron Horde? By asking nicely?" She put her board to the side and stood up. "You see, I draw you fully clothed, maybe in some armor." She strolled over to him. He shivered, but did not move. "Then I get you naked, and I draw that too. I really like drawing naked men." She placed a hand on his chest. "Then," She slowly moved her hand down and brushed her fingertips against this dick. "I play with you until I get the poses I want." She brushed her lips close to his ear and whispered. "And if you're a good boy, I'll make sure you enjoy yourself quite well." She gripped his rising dick. "The reason you get a day off from training, is because you'll need it."

He was flush and panting by time she walked back to her board. 

She looked back at him. "Please tell me you're not a virgin."

"N-no ma'am."

She moved her board over the floor by his feet. He shifted his feet and licked his lips. She knelt in the floor by him and started to add details to her sketch. Reaching up, she took his dick in hand and began to rub her thumb up and down it. She shifted her head back and forth, looking at both sides as she moved her hand. With her other hand she tossed a few more details on the picture. She pushed his dick up and examined his balls and thighs. 

"Hmm, small knick there." She murmured, before adding the sketch to her papers. 

She released him and stood up and began to run her hands over his neck and through his hair. Though she made a clinical assessment of his body, she had enough skill and dexterity to make him enjoy it. He was practically shaking by time she finished with her base work. Picking up her board and moving it out of harm's way, she went back to him. His eyes were a little glazy and she grinned. He felt like he was being stared at by a very hungry predator. 

Since he'd already given up his body's secrets, so went for the quickest points. She brushed her fingers down his chest and stomach and wrapped her hand around his dick. As she used her thumb to stroke him, she breathed on the edge of his ear and gently nipped. He moaned and twitched in her grasp. Sucking on his ear she moved down to his shoulder before moving her mouth down his chest. With little soft licks she made her way down. When at last she opened her hand and licked down his shaft. He reacted by grabbing her shoulders.

She licked his back and forth while her hands worked on his balls and the base of his dick. When he gave that hard shudder, she moved out of the way and let it hit the floor. He collapsed to his knees. 

Elunara went to the bucket of sawdust under the bed and tossed a handful on the wet floor. 

"I don't want to die." Andrew whimpered. 

She blinked at him. "What?" 

"Grogek's going to kill me. Isn't he?"

She laughed and reached down to pat him on the back. "He is not. Now man up and put your clothes back on."

She went back to her board and opened it up. She was adding a few more sketches as he got dressed. She did enjoy some of these moments, because even in their confusion, there was an odd sort of intimacy that no one else saw. 

"Can I see?"

"Sure." She continued to fill in detail.

"Damn, that's... amazing." 

She shrugged. "I've been at this for years."

"Can I get a copy? I... uhh mean the armor one."

"Of course. Anyone can ask for a copy of the clothed version. The basic naked version will go in the healer's book. The naughty ones..." She trailed off and grinned. "Those are mine."

He shifted uncomfortably. "And Grogek doesn't care?"

"Grogek doesn't care about what?" Grogek was standing in the doorway. 

Years of training kept her from laughing out loud. Andrew had turned sheet white and would have fainted, had his own training not kicked in.

"Andy here seems to think you care that I suck another man's dick."

"Why would I care about that?" Grogek bent down and kissed her on the mouth. 

"What are you doing here, anyway?"

"It's lunchtime. I had the cook make us up a basket. I was hoping to spend time in the south orchard."

"You softy. Let me get some fresh paper."

Grogek looked up at Andrew, if seeing him for the first time. "Shouldn't you be somewhere?"

Andrew took off like a shot. 

"You did that on purpose." 

"Did what on purpose?" He feigned innocence. 

"And you chose the south orchard on purpose as well."

"Because it's the only one big enough to hold your energy?"

"Fair point."