 They walked hand in hand, through town and up and over the hill to the southern orchard. 

"Oh, I forgot the blooms fall about this time of year." She smiled. 

His hand came up to the nap of her neck as he kissed her softly. "I thought you'd enjoy it. You were sick for too long and then you've been stuck in our room. You needed to get out." 

"It's very sweet Grogek. I love it."

"Ha! You said love. I'm getting close!"

She laughed as she pushed him away. "Come on, you lug." 

They moved to the center of the orchard and sat down. Elunara unfolded her board and Grogek pulled out the food. She was content to just sit and capture the moment. They ate in companionable silence while she continued to draw. 

"Hmm. I like it when we're like this... and even those times after we've had each other like maniacs. Just laying around, being there together. It's nice."

"Oh?" Grogek stuffed a sandwich in his mouth.

"It's the casual moments that have been getting me lately." She continued to sketch his eating face. "My entire life has been about movement. Even when I'm on a mission, it's always "go, go, go". I had no need for companions. No reason to enjoy these little things. I think not having a mission to go on is starting to get to me. I've always found some way to occupy my time."

He laid a hand on hers. "I'm glad I could bring this to you."

She smiled and tapped her pencil on her board. "There's this picture I made. Back in the fortress. That first night I had you naked in my room. You were lying on my pallet in the floor, and you were spent and happy, and it was just such a strange moment." 

"I remember that." He said quietly. "I feels like another lifetime."

"Anyway, I drew you then. I'd had many men like that before. The list is endless, and I'd drawn them too, down to the minute detail." She sighed and continued to draw. "Well, anyway, I didn't really know it then, and I certainly didn't understand, but it was different." Her voice got quiet and thoughtful. "But it was beautiful. I don't know how I managed it, but I recreated the scene perfectly." With a sigh, she readjusted the board in her lap. 

"The past few days, I've been organizing my papers and books. I can't tell you why, but I just felt this compulsion to flip through it all over again. I saw that picture, and I realized..." She looked up at him. "Well, it just might be my favorite picture in my whole collection." 

He got up on his knees and pushed the board out of her hand. Leaning forward, he laid his lips, whisper soft on hers. His hand came up to the nape of her neck and he pressed in further. Their lips met in a slow, mating dance. She pressed up, her hand grabbing his shirt and tugging him closer. He stumbled and fell but caught his hands behind her. He pressed on, as one hand came up behind her back. 

Their mouths separated, but their faces remained inches apart. She licked her tender lips. 

"The start of our audience has arrived." She whispered. 

He stared down at her, searching her face. "I'm finding it difficult to care." He whispered back.

"Me either." 

"Dude, we shouldn't be up here." Steve hissed.

"They didn't catch us last time. They don't pay attention." Michael snorted. "Geez, how is that even physically possible?"

Steve and Michael watched the pair lock lips. 

"This isn't right." Steve muttered.

"Then why are you here?"Michael hissed before turning back. "You'd figure the fangs would get in the way."

"So what is your bet this time?" Grogek murmured. His hand had already slipped under her shirt and his fingers were doing fascinating things to her breasts.

"Eight."

"Eight? Why so low?"

"They fear and respect you now. There are a couple of holdouts who think I'm still just a whore, but that doesn't affect me. The end result is still the same though... How does an orc as big as you are, not tear apart a night elf as small as me? The curious can't help themselves."

He snorted. "Pathetic." 

"Aww, but it's fun."

He bit her shoulder. "Only because you enjoy it so much."

With a giggle, she bit his ear. "Sweetheart, you enjoy the fun I get out of it."

"That I do." He murmured. 

Elunara shoved him over on his back. He propped his head on his arms as she carefully stowed her board and tools away. Shoving the basket out of the way, she climbed on top of Grogek. 

"Now is where it gets fun."

She pulled off her shirt and tossed it over with their things. When he grabbed at her hips, she smacked his hand away. She stood, taking off her pants and turned around, sitting on his stomach. She undid the top of his pants and pushed them down so that his dick came free. He was already mostly hard, and her quick hands got him all the way up. He flexed and grinned as he ran her hands on her back. They slid down and cupped her ass, his thumb caressing her asshole. 

"What do you plan, little she-wolf?"

She looked back and grinned. "I don't know why I like it when you call me that."

She ran her hand up and down the length of him, her other hand went down and caressed his balls. After squeezing him and playing with him until he struggled, she shifted her hips and slid down on top of him. He groaned as his hands clamped down on her hips. She slid her legs down so that she was on her knees as she bounced up and down on him. He gripped her hips and shoved her down completely. She yelped in delight. 

He began to rock her up and down, helping her bob on his dick. Hanging on to his legs she gasped as she was thrust up and down. Just when she thought he would come for her, he shoved her upwards and pulled her hips back to his face. He slipped his tongue in her before she was entirely sure what had happened. 

"Oh, that was clever." She purred, before slipping her mouth on his dick. 

The exchange had slowed the timing of his orgasm, but that was the fun part. She licked him like a lollipop and sucked on his massive dick. He buried his face in her crotch and licked and sucked at her inner lips. She yelped when he used his fangs to tickle the inside of her thighs.

"Unfair advantage!" She giggled.

"Says the mission specialist." He muttered as he used his teeth on the inside of her thigh.

"Oh, you wanna play it that way huh?"

"Do your worst."

"If you insist!" She purred. Using her fingers and a series of pressure points, he had him practically explode on her hands. 

"H-how?" He gasped.

"Mission specialist!" She called cheerily. 

She yelped when he shoved two fingers in. 

"Playing it hard?" She laughed. 

"Oh, I intend to." 

She gripped on to his legs as he used his fangs to tickle her thighs, his fingers thrust into her and she could feel his tongue in the more sensitive areas. She gasped when the third finger went in. With one hand he held on to her leg so that she could only buck and writhe, without escape. She bit his leg and he only increased the pace. She shuddered and twitched, but he was relentless. It was only until she collapsed on his legs and whimpered that he released her. 

In a move that fascinated him, she turned over, and twisted herself so she sat on his stomach. She propped her elbows on his chest. 

"Well, that was intense."

"Are you alright?" He ran his hand down her back.

"I'm going to need a few minutes, that's for sure."

"Forgive me for being so rough." He nuzzled her hair.

She laughed and then sighed. "It's not even on the list of worst I've endured."

"I'm so sorry." He murmured.

Elunara shook her head and then sat up with a stretch. "I didn't say it was bad, Sugarbear. I'm a little winded, and slightly sore, but I quite enjoyed it." She ran her fingernails down his chest. "In fact, I'm going to tell you that I want to do that again." She laughed at his expression. "Just not right now. In fact, I'd keep that one on spare."

He laughed. 

She stood up and stretched out. 

"Now you're just showing off."

She grinned down at him. "Get up." 

"At your command." He purred as his erection began to gain size again. 

She laughed. "No, you goofball. Stand up and take me against our friend the tree, here."

He stood up and put his hands on his hips. He stared at the tree. "That bark looks a little rough; I wouldn't want you to get hurt."

"Nah, I'm a night elf. Trees are kind of my thing." She rubbed her hands over the bark and smoothed some of the rough edges.

"That is a fascinating talent." 

She braced herself and looked back. "You on it, Sweetie?"

His hand came around and he ran a finger up and down her wetness. He bit her shoulder and then licked at her neck. With a thrust he shoved himself deep in her. She gasped with pleasure. Grabbing her hip, he pulled her leg backwards and held on to her knee. Slowly he began to fuck her as he pushed himself deep inside. Little by little he picked up speed, ramming himself in her as he worked on her neck with his teeth and tongue. She moaned and gave a small shriek when his other hands come around and his fingers worked on her clit. 

"You know." He mumbled into her shoulder. "It's been awhile since I've done this..." 

He slid out of her and adjusted himself before pushing in her ass. She gasped as her nails dug into the tree bark. He buried two fingers into her front, leaving another free to rub her low lips with the thumb on her clit. He was deceptively gentle as he rocked in and out. When he felt her clamp down, he let himself go as well. 

He slipped free of her and collapsed to the ground. She held on to the tree for a little while longer as his remains slid out of her. She looked back at him and grinned. 

"Now who's showing off?" She collapsed on the ground beside him, wincing a little. 

He pulled her into his lap. "I'm sorry my love, I've been rough on you today."

"A little rough every now and then is good. In fact, I'm quite enjoying myself."

"We're only up to seven. Your count might be off today."

"Don't worry; number eight is on his way." She tapped her chin. "I need to get Gerald into my room. Teach him a little lesson about hedging his bets."

"Hm, is he the one making all the gold? I was wondering about that."

She shrugged. "He's had to study my dossier. Probably had to read reports on you as well."

"How thorough were your reports?" 

"Quite detailed actually. Never know what might be important later."

"Fascinating." 

His fingers lightly brushed her wetness, more an absent gesture than anything important. She closed her eyes and just enjoyed the feel; her back against his chest, his soft breath on her ear. His arms wrapped around her body, and those softly drifting fingers. Slowly he pressed his fingers in and she gasped. 

"Hmm, I don't think you're that done yet, are you?"

She narrowed her eyes and looked off in the distance. "You distracted me there."

"How was I distracting?" He pushed one finger in. 

She shuddered and sighed. "Grogek, you are like a warm blanket to me. I don't know why, but you bring me comfort and joy, just by holding on to me."

"I am getting closer." He whispered. 

He shifted his back against the tree, and adjusted her in the direction she knew she wanted. 

"What is going on here?" Captain Jordan demanded.

"Shh!!" Cried seven voices at once. 

"I told you we shouldn't be here!" Steve hissed. He turned to the Captain and saluted. "Sir, these miscreants..." he froze. "And I..." He admitted. "Have been spying on Grogek. They don't know we're here, but if you're loud, they'll find us out and we're all dead!" He hissed the last.

"What in the world?" He climbed the few feet up the hill and froze. 

Elunara had her arm wrapped behind her and around Grogek's neck, her face was twisted and she was naked. Following an arm he was utterly shocked to see what Grogek was doing with his hand. 

He turned to the guilty looking crew. "How long have you been watching this?" He hissed.

"Uhh a couple of hours." Admitted one.

"Try four." Muttered Gerald. 

"Four? They've been at this for four hours?" Captain Jordan stared off appalled and then turned amazed. He looked over the hill again. Soft moans could be heard. "Like this?" He asked no one.

"Actually, they're quite creative when they get going. I think they're about finished at this point." Gerald shrugged. 

"She must be exhausted."

Gerald laughed and then clamped his hand over his mouth. Nervously, he looked down the hill. "Actually, sir, she usually wears the orc out first."

Captain Jordan couldn't tear his eyes off of the pair. A distant voice of reason and duty called out to him. But it did not intrude on him. 

Elunara shifted around and ever so gently, laid her lips on Grogek's. "Maybe I do love you." She whispered. She straddled one of his legs and laid her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her and closed his eyes. 

"It is a good day." He murmured.

"Damn." Gerald sighed. "I think they just fell asleep." He shrugged and handed someone ten gold. "Shows over folks. Someone go tell the farmer not to tend the orchard today. 

"I will." Called a retreating form.

"Uhh sir?" 

Captain Jordan blinked. He felt as if he'd just been snapped out of a strange dream. He frowned down at the napping couple. He looked around, and realized everyone had bailed on the show, and only Gerald was brave enough to continue standing there. 

"As... you were." Jordan's voice was far away from his ears. He wandered back to his own room.