 Elunara yawned and stretched. She was still curled up on Grogek. They had paused their conversation. 

"How long was I out?" 

"Well, it's a good thing I cancelled training today." 

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"It's alright." He nuzzled her hair. "Do you remember what you said?"

"I..." She flushed. "I said that out loud, didn't I?" She whispered. 

"That you did." With one hand, he cupped her face, and laid his lips gentle on hers. They devoured each other.

"Oh. I'm sorry." Tulani stood up. "I'll give you privacy."

"I don't mind." Mumbled Elunara.

Grogek laughed. "She likes an audience. I don't care either way." He stared into Elunara's eyes. "I'll probably forget you're over there anyway."

Elunara straightened up and lay against Grogek. They devoured each other's mouths as he ran his hands down her body. He spoke in orcish and she responded in elvish. He took off her shirt, and she pulled off his. Their hands roamed each other's body.

Tulani watched in amazed fascination as they completely ignored her and treated each other so softly and respectfully. Even when Elunara pulled down his pants, and his hard dick came out, he waited until she did as she pleased. She shifted and sucked him, teased him. Enjoyed him. Tulani was envious of the whole dance. When Elunara climbed back up and slid herself on to him, it was not pain, but delight. A slow enjoyment of one another. 

Tulani ached inside, yet somehow just watching them together was a balm to her own wounds. They changed position, Grogek on top, Elunara on the bottom. Even as the pace quickened, Tulani saw none of the same pain and misery from the times she had witnessed before. What had been... The thought froze in her mind, and the memory shut its self down. She returned to the present moment and just watched. She knew she should feel ashamed; watching these two like this, but deep down, she wanted to know that not all of this kind of contact was painful; that some people actually enjoyed having this done to their bodies. 

The pair turned back to speaking in their native tongues, and Tulani quietly slipped out of the door. 

Tulani returned to Elunara's side the next day. 

"Something tells me that you've never told Grogek you love him before."

"It wasn't an emotion I was familiar with." They sat to the top of the hill. Tulani watched over Elunara's side while she drew. 

"Your skill is amazing."

"People keep telling me that." 

"Why do you do it?"

"Because I couldn't do anything else." She shrugged. "For the longest time, drawing was the only thing I enjoyed doing. Then I found men, and I enjoyed doing them too. I eventually combined these two things and came up with a usable skill." 

Tulani nodded. "I will find what I can do."

"Well, what did you do... before?"

"I used to sew." 

Elunara nodded. "We could head to the tailor; see if she needs any help around the shop."

Tulani shifted her feet and Elunara caught the wince.

"Can I see?" She put her board away and lifted one of Tulani's hooves. "When have you last seen to these?"

She shook her head. "I can't remember."

"Come with me." Elunara grabbed her board and dragged Tulani to her barracks. Once Tulani was seated, she went to the Stable master. "Can I borrow some hoof tools?"

He jerked his head to the side, and went back to what he was doing. Elunara gathered the things she needed and headed back to her room. She lifted one of Tulani's hooves and began to clean it out. 

"How do you know how to do this?" Tulani winced as Elunara made her way around some of the damaged areas.

"I worked in the Stormwind stables for a few years before becoming a mission specialist. Night elves have a natural knack with animals. The horses were great practice." She used the file with precision and care. "Stand up for me." Elunara watched her feet and kept half an eye on Tulani's face. "Walk around a bit. Sit back down, give me the other one." She worked for a couple of hours until she was satisfied, and then put some salve on the damaged areas. 

Tulani took a few steps and smiled. "Oh that is much better." 

"I bet your friends could use a good hoofacure."

Tulani nodded.

Elunara grabbed some fresh papers and pencils for her board and handed it to Tulani to carry. Then she grabbed the hoof stuff, and they headed down to the room in the healer's building where the women were staying. After a bit of fast talking, the three agreed to take turns sitting for Elunara's drawing and foot treatments. Since they were still so skittish, Elunara started with sitting portraits. When she gave a woman her picture, she went for the hooves. Elunara expertly tended to the three women's torn up hooves. 

Once they were more comfortable with standing, Elunara started her standard portraits. It was Tulani who convinced the women that, in order to reclaim their bodies as their own, to let Elunara do the healer portraits. Tulani held each woman's hand as Elunara did her through inspection of their bodies. Cataloguing the scars and wounds tore at Elunara, but the thigh tattoos broke her heart. She blessed her training and experience that had her maintaining a professional air. At the end, each woman seemed to release a held breath of air. 

She showed them all the pictures that other people might see, and offered to show them what only the healer need see. None of them wanted to see the nudes. 

"I think they should." Tulani frowned. "It will help them."

Elunara shook her head. "Maybe, maybe not. It could also break them. They have to go at their own pace. You are stronger than them; do not feel bad about that. You cannot force anyone to do anything. You'll do more harm than good."

Tulani considered this. Finally, she nodded. "You know best."

She shrugged. "I know what I know. Best... isn't on the list."

"Can I stay in your room?" Tulani linked their hands.

Elunara blinked. "I don't see why not."

"Are you certain Grogek wouldn't mind?"

Elunara laughed. "I say something and Grogek just smiles and nods. It's the best thing about him."

"Damn. I'd hoped there'd be more to it than that."

Elunara looked up at Grogek grinning down at her. "Oh, well, we are within hearing range of the more timid."

He smirked. "What am I agreeing to now?"

"Tulani wants to live with us." 

He smiled and nodded.

She giggled. "Why are you here?"

"Had to dump a pathetic lump at the healer. Headed back to the training yard now."

"Ah." 

He kissed her forehead. "Later." He moved on past.

"He's kind of terrifying." Tulani whispered.

"Nah. He's a teddy bear."

"A what?"

Elunara froze and then remembered Tulani was native. "A cute, cuddly, plush thing."

"Ah, a stuffed elekk then?"

"Yes. That."

Tulani sighed. "I used to make them for the children."

Elunara tugged on her hand. "Come, let's hit up the tailor."

The tailor shop was filled with fabrics and basic dresses and things. Tulani fondled a bolt of fabric. "Oh, this is the best Draenor has to offer." She breathed and rubbed it against her cheek.

"Oh, so the vendor wasn't just saying that to jack the price." 

Tulani jerked away and put her hands behind her back. 

"Hey now, I didn't mean to scare you."

"Eloise, how've you been?" Elunara smiled. 

Eloise groaned. "Do you need more bed sheets?"

Elunara laughed. "No. Actually, I came by because Tulani here needs some more clothes. She can't keep wearing that same dress everywhere. My budget of course."

"Oh, but you can't." Tulani frowned.

"Already did." She turned back to Eloise. "What you got to show me?"

"Ooo, you don't get clothes from me that often. You leather wearers know nothing about good quality fabrics." 

"Tulani does. She used to be a tailor in her old village. Made stuffed toys for children."

The woman looked the Draenei up and down. "I wouldn't mind a hand around here. Hard to keep up with orders."

"Well... I don't know if..."

Elunara laid a hand on Tulani's shoulder. "Take back your life." She whispered.

Tulani straightened her shoulders. "I can try."

"Good girl." Elunara leaned on the counter. "Let me see your books." 

Eloise pulled out some books and laid them on the counter. "Of course we got older styles, but I've been pulling a few new patterns from around us. You can flip through and see if anything appeals to you or her. I'm going to need some measurements."

Elunara pulled out a piece of paper and slid it over. 

"Always prepared." 

"I like these two." She looked over and saw Tulani discretely fingering the soft material. "Which two do you like?"

Tulani jumped and blushed and looked through the book. She pointed out a couple. 

"Ok, those two." Elunara selected the fabric. She scribbled a little note and pushed it to Eloise. The woman read it, raised an eyebrow and slid the note under the counter. "Also, I'd like to order three sets of these two in this fabric. Send them to the ladies at the Healer house.

"I need their..." She laughed as Elunara handed over the paper. "Of course you would." She turned to Tulani. "You," Tulani jumped and shuffled her feet. "I want to see in here tomorrow. We'll see what your skill is."

"Yes Ma'am."

"One thing..." Elunara looked around and lowered her voice. "If you tell ANYONE I will personally rip out your throat."

Eloise blinked in confusion. "That you gave some ladies dresses?"

Elunara smirked. "No. I want to see what designs you have in wedding dresses."

Eloise let out a noise that was somewhere between a gag and a shriek. She began to flip around like a wild hen as she dragged out books and fabric samples. Elunara took the books and began to flip through. 

"I'm not looking our kind of traditional. I'm looking for something more... here inspired."

Eloise dragged another book out. Elunara had already started ignoring the woman's noises. She flipped through the many books and fondled a few fabrics before she stopped on one. It was heavily furred and reminded her some of the styles she'd seen in Frostfire Ridge. 

"I like this one."

"Oh, that's a lovely design, fresh in from-"

"I want you to design me one." Elunara decided that noise was a happy squeak. "I want it Darnassian inspired, with heavy orc elements."

"When do you want it?" Eloise happily scribbled on a sheet of paper.

"Shortly after I get around to telling Grogek I want to do this. I figure you got a month or so." Elunara shrugged. 

"Oh, it'll be lovely. I'll give you my final sketch for-"

"Keep it to yourself. I trust you on this. Just... Have it ready." Elunara leaned in close. "I'd like a bridesmaid dress for Tulani, less on the orc, heavy on Draenei."

Eloise eyed her. "Something I should know?" 

Elunara shrugged again. "I'll let you know when I know."

"You are a confusing young lady."

"Eloise, I think I'm older than you."

"You slow aging bitch." 

Elunara laughed. "You're not the first."

Outside, Tulani put her hand in Elunara's. "That was very nice of you." 

Elunara shrugged. "Someone has to help them."

"What did she mean by "slow aging"?"

"Night elves used to be immortal. Then a disaster happened that destroyed the tree that gave us our immortality. We tried to fix it, but only made it worse. Now we have relatively short life spans, but it's still double what anyone else might think. I have the body of what your kind or other races might consider to be about twenty, twenty five somewhere in there. I'm well over fifty." 

"Wow."