 Elunara saluted. "Hello General."

General Renwa raised an eyebrow at Elunara's and Tulani's linked hands. "How are you?"

She gave a slight shrug. "It's been a nice day."

General Renwa sighed. "I hate asking you this, but please tell me what you did to Captain Jordan. He's actually considering a transfer, and he's been my best man, up until whatever happened."

She sighed. "You said full treatment, so I gave him full treatment. I happen to have decided that maybe he'd calm down if I fucked his brains out, instead of just a standard hand job, or head, or whatever else I employ. Grogek happened to show up, and slipped right on in, if you get my meaning."

Renwa groaned as he put his head in his hands.

"Then Captain Jordan couldn't keep up the longevity, so Grogek pulled me off, and we were having our finishing up, when Jordan jumped back in."

Renwa's eyes grew. "He rejoined?" Renwa shook his head. "Didn't think he had it in him."

"Hey, me either. Great with his hands though. Honey, he's got some skill." Elunara sighed. "But then he had this whole, "you don't care, do you?" and then he took off like a shot. Or like he thought Grogek might lop his dick off. I don't know."

Renwa bit his thumbnail, a habit Elunara thought he'd broken. "I don't know what to do with him."

"Let me talk to him." She sighed. "He needs to confront his demons, so to speak, or he'll never get over it."

"Your suggestion on doing that?" 

"Arrange a meeting, in your office. Neutral territory, with a moderator. If you try to order him to me again, he won't trust you, and run faster."

Renwa nodded. "I'll let you know." He marched on.

"Two men at once?" Tulani sounded horrified.

"It can be quite enjoyable."

She shuddered. "I will have to trust you on that." She frowned. "I... I have experienced it. However, I understand now, after seeing you two, that it is not the same."

Elunara wrapped an arm around Tulani. "I hate that you had to suffer, and I hope that I can make you see. It can be so much more."

"You speak of it so casually. Even to that man, you could be discussing anything in the world."

"Always remember that I am not like anybody else. Everyone still considers it to be a private act, one of secrecy and privacy. I have long ago tossed that mindset aside. It is my art, my craft, the thing that makes me who I am. Just as I have spent thirty years working on my drawings, I have spent just as much time, sampling men and all my body has to offer."

"Can you teach me?" She whispered.

"Any time you want."

Several days later, Elunara was sorting her papers while Tulani visited with her friends. The tailor had finished the project and Tulani wanted to show off her new dresses. Grogek stuck his head in the door. 

"Where is Tulani?"

"Off with her friends."

"Are you busy?"

"Not really, why?" 

He entered the door and pushed it closed. Elunara glanced over. With a grin she walked over and ran her hand on his hard dick. 

"Was thinking about you a little too much, got caught up."

She laughed. "Anyone see you run off?"

He snorted. "I'm better than that." He walked to the bed and sat down. Unbuttoning his pants, he let his dick pop out. 

"Mmm I know exactly what I'm going to do with that." She knelt down as he pushed his pants to his ankles. She ran her tongue up from the bottom. In one hand she cupped his balls, and with her mouth she sucked at the tip before sliding down. Sitting on the bed, he leaned back on one hand as Elunara began to work him and he put a hand on her head. 

There was a soft knock at the door, but neither actually heard it. Tulani walked in and openly stared.

Elunara moved her mouth off of him. "Close the door."

Tulani complied and continue to stand there. Elunara licked the length of him over and over. One hand on his balls, the other on the top of his dick. 

"Come here." Elunara called. 

Tulani dropped the dress in her hand and walked forward. She stared down at the back of Elunara's head as she slipped her mouth up and down. Grogek was careful not to look at Tulani, for he had heard enough. Elunara grabbed Tulani by the wrist and tugged her down. Tulani knelt by Elunara and watched in fascination as the night elf willing gave her mouth to the orc. 

"You want to try?" Elunara's eyes glittered mischievously. "Come, you might have fun."

"Well, maybe..." She stared at the dick in fascination. 

"Just like this." Elunara stuck out her tongue and ran it up the length of him. "Now you try."

Timidly, Tulani stuck out her tongue and flicked it on the dick. Grogek twitched, but kept his hand on Elunara only. 

"Get in there." Elunara grinned. "Come on; tongue all the way out, like this." She demonstrated.

"This?" Tulani followed. 

"Good, now, from the bottom to the top."

"Alright." She leaned forward as low as she dared to go. Following Elunara's instructions she licked the length. 

Grogek groaned, his hand on Elunara's head, the other gripping the bed.

"Here, I want to try something different. Stick your tongue out like this..." She demonstrated. And put it at the base, right here." She pointed. When Tulani did it, Elunara leaned forward and laid her tongue on the back of Tulani's."Together" she mumbled. Together they slid their linked tongues up Grogek's dick. 

"You two are killing me." He muttered.

"Did I do it wrong?" Tulani frowned.

"No, that's the reaction you want." Elunara straightened up and adjusted herself against one of Grogek's thighs. She helped Tulani get undressed and in place. She tugged Tulani forward so their breasts were on both sides of his dick. Testing it out, they discovered the idea didn't work out as well. With a laugh, Elunara straightened up. "Sorry, maybe some other time."

Elunara pulled Tulani in and kissed her. They mated their tongues together and Grogek's hand slid down Elunara's back and when her hips came up, his fingers went inside her. She giggled and shifted, her own hand finding Tulani's wetness. Elunara teased and tickled Tulani until she began to squirm. Elunara released her and grinned. Taking the hand up to her mouth she licked Tulani off of her fingers. The Draenei watched in fascination as Grogek grabbed Elunara and began to devour her mouth. Tulani scooted out of the way. He shifted the night elf up and slipped her down over his dick. Elunara arched her back and dug her nails into Grogek's shoulders. Tulani found herself fascinated by the liquid dripping down. 

Elunara had her head on Grogek's chest. She reached out, and Tulani took her hand. Tulani was pulled up on to the bed, and she sat there, her hand in Elunara's. Elunara let go of her hand and reached out, her fingertips brushing Tulani's cheek. "I'm sorry, was that too soon?"

"I..." She hesitated and bit her lip. She looked back at the crumpled dress on the floor. With a frown she turned back. "No. No, not at all."

Grogek shifted so his back was against the wall. He reached out, and cupping Tulani by the back, gently placed her in his lap with Elunara. Elunara pulled Tulani into her own lap, and they all lay there together. 

Tulani enjoyed her head lying on Elunara's breasts. Grogek was an odd sensation that made her slightly uncomfortable, but that was fine too.

"What's bothering you, sweetie?" Elunara shifted around so that her back was to Grogek, and she tugged Tulani down with her.

Tulani looked up. "They don't want me to visit them anymore."

"What? Why?"

She sighed. "They have heard of you. They say that you are no better than the ogres we were freed from."

Elunara looked up at Grogek who frowned. 

"Who?" He asked.

"I don't know." Tulani sat up. "They received your gift, but you did not sign it. They think it is from Ina." Tulani bit her lip. "When I tried to show them my clothes, they called them Whore's clothes. They..." Tulani's eyes began to well up. "They said I am damaged. That I am no better than a slaver."

Elunara's eyes glinted with rage, but she pulled Tulani into a hug, and kept her face soft. "Shh, don't cry." 

"I'm sorry." She whimpered. "You were kind to them and they..."

"Hush. Hush; don't let that part bother you. I've been called every name under the sun. It gets old, not insulting. I need you to understand that they are broken. They are broken and hurt. They have their own standards, and it's not your fault." She kissed one eye and then the other. "No matter what they say, it's not true."

Tulani curled up in Elunara's lap. Elunara looked up at Grogek who nodded. He shifted to get up.

"No." Tulani grabbed his leg. "Don't go."

Grogek settled back down and ran a hand across Tulani's back. "We will protect you now." He murmured. 

"You both are so good to me. I tried to make them see. I tried to show them." She looked toward the door. "They said I sold myself for good fabric."

Elunara's hand instinctively flexed, and Tulani yelped. "I'm sorry." She kissed Tulani's forehead. "I'm sorry. I'm just so angry at them." She hushed Tulani. "I care not what they have to say about me. But they've hurt you badly, and that makes me angry. I can't stand to see you cry like this. It hurts my heart." 

"I'm sorry." Tulani whimpered.

"Don't apologize again. Do you hear me?" Elunara gave her a little shake. "Listen, I need to speak with Grogek before he heads back to the training yard. Can you give us a minute? We'll be right outside."

Elunara slipped out from behind Tulani and tucked her in the bed. They got dressed and headed outside. When the door closed, she began to pace. "I'm so pissed I can't keep myself straight. How DARE they do that to her!" She grabbed her head. "And then fresh off of that, I drag her in the middle of us. I'm a horrible person."

Grogek put his hands on her shoulders. "No, love. You had no way of knowing that would happen. You're not the horrible one here."

"Stupid bitches."

"Should we be concerned by who told them?"

She shook her head. "They could have been all sunshine and bubbles, and still the whole "oh yeah, she has sex with anyone willing" would put them off."

"What do you plan on doing?"

"Nothing that comes to mind wouldn't make me worse than the slavers." She muttered. "For better or worse, Tulani is mine now. I will protect her."

Grogek took Elunara's hands. "Tulani is ours. We will both protect her."

"Well, this is terrible timing." Elunara muttered.

"What?"

"Grogek, will you marry me?" She fidgeted.

The look on his face made her itch for her paper. "I've been waiting so long." He whispered. He gripped her hands for a moment and then released. "Wait, if this is a petty plan to-"

Elunara put a hand on his mouth. "I ordered the dress a couple of weeks ago. In fact, she might still need time to fix it."

Grogek picked Elunara and twirled her around. "Yes!" He began a spate of orcish. 

A runner jogged up. "General Renwa requests your presence."

"NOW?" Elunara smacked her forehead. "His timing sucks!" With a sigh she waved the runner on. "I'll be there. I'll be there. Just go."

"What?"

"He wants me to talk Jordan into staying." 

"Oh. What?"

"I'll explain later. Go beat the hell out of your troops." She stuck her head in the door. Tulani was sound asleep. Elunara kissed her forehead and tucked a note in Tulani's hand. 

She walked into the General's office on a mission. Captain Jordan turned sheet white and looked to make for the door.

"Stay." Renwa commanded.

"You're seriously going to bail, after that lovely day of magic?" Elunara added mildly.

"Elunara..." Renwa warned as Jordan turned bright red. 

They exchanged a series of looks that not even Jordan could understand. 

Elunara turned back to Jordan. "I arranged this. In neutral territory with an impartial judge."

"Impartial?!" Jordan was outraged.

"I already told you, he doesn't love me anymore. Well, not in the keeping way." She turned to Renwa. "Oh, I should tell you, I finally agreed to marry Grogek."

Renwa's eyebrows shot up. "Congratulations."

"Can you find someone for the ceremony? It's going to take a bit to get set up."

"We'll figure it out."

Elunara turned back to Jordan. "See? Not a flinch." She leaned against the window. "And before you ask, yes I will continue to fuck anyone who peaks my interest. In fact, you're welcome back any time."

"I... I don't know... what you're" Jordan sputtered.

She laughed. "Oh, really? Then why have you been avoiding both of us since then? You haven't checked on the troops when Grogek was there in WEEKS. He's not stupid, he noticed. It's easy enough to avoid me, but to shirk your duties? Come on." She sauntered over. "I'm down right insulted. You have magic fingers, Jordan." She ran a finger down his chest. "You really do." 

Jordan turned to Renwa. "You can't seriously-"

"That's high praise from her. Trust me."

"Says the man with the magic dick." She snickered. "You know..." She strolled to the desk. "I wouldn't mind combining the two sometime."

Renwa laughed. "You're crazy. Can you get back on task?"

"Actually, I'm quite on task." She tapped her fingers on the desk and then leaned against it. "The end result here is that I think you're an idiot." She started ticking off on her fingers. "Grogek walks in, and his reaction is to not get pissed, but to get aroused. He didn't get jealous, he joined in. We made sure you were done, and since I can handle way more, we went for our fun. You could have grabbed your clothes and ran then, but no. You got all excited AGAIN."

Jordan looked back and forth, his face bright red. Renwa was a little too busy staring at Elunara's ass to care what she was saying. 

"So, instead of, again leaving, you decided my tits were just a little too tempting to give up on. Did Grogek get mad then? No! He told you to fuck me." She shook her head. "Does that sound like a man who is jealous and possessive over his girl? Not a bit. You've been avoiding us for dear life, and quite frankly we've let you. We know where you live, stupid. If Grogek was the raging beast, you wouldn't have been able to avoid him. We figured you'd man up and get over it by now." 

"She's got a point. Several in fact." Renwa shrugged. 

"Running away will not help you. In fact, if you pull such a dickless move and run away from us now, I will make sure your humiliation is known far and wide."

"Are you threatening me?" 

"Are you a coward?" Elunara raised an eyebrow. "You thought I was some dumb whore taunting the mind and dick of your favorite person."

Renwa's eyebrows shot up.

"But, no. I'm the one who laid his mind to ease. Think about that, next time you decide to be an ass." She walked to the door. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a few bitches to slap."