 The following morning, Elunara actually woke up first. She made her way into the baby's room and had him ready for Tulani before she could get out of bed. Grogek eyed her with suspicion. 

"Who are you and where is my wife?"

"Do you know how many hours I spent in that damned bed? And not fun hours either." She shook her head and handed Darguni to Tulani. While Tulani fed the baby, Elunara pulled out her board and began to design. 

Grogek shook his head and climbed out of bed. He got dressed and looked over at the drawing. 

"What is it?"

"A carrier. Well, sort of? I don't know, I'm trying to figure out how to make it work so that we can work, and still take care of him."

Grogek kissed the top of her head. "You'll figure it out."

"I will help." Tulani smiled.

They eventually figured out a fabric sling and a stroller. Tulani recommended the fabrics, set out to get it made. 

Elunara was still sketching when there was a knock on the door. "Hello, Mrs. Finister."

"Isaac said you'd be expecting me."

"Come on in." Elunara pulled out a chair. "Please sit and we'll get to work."

"Where's the baby?" 

"Sleeping in his room." 

"And the girl?"

"Tulani ran to the tailor for some fabric."

"You are an odd family."

Elunara looked at the woman and then adjusted her in the chair. Once she was satisfied, she popped open her board. "That's probably a ridiculous understatement." 

"My husband says you are the daughter of Tyrande Whisperwind."

Elunara looked up with narrowed eyes. "That doesn't matter."

The woman's eyebrows shot up. "It's just an interesting fact."

Elunara frowned as she flicked her eyes back and forth between her work and the woman. "My mother and I haven't spoken in over thirty years. She shows up yesterday and suddenly claims me in front of a stranger. I'm not the least bit pleased by that."

"Oh." Mrs. Finister's face fell. "I didn't mean to make you angry."

With a sigh, she looked up. "Well, you didn't d-" At the knock on the door, she frowned and closed her board. "Hold on." 

Mrs. Finister watched as Elunara walked to the door and opened it. Mrs. Finister's eyebrows shot up as she saw Tyrande herself outside the door.

"Mother, what are you doing here?"

"I wanted to see you again before I go. Malfurion will be worried until I am safe back home."

"Well, hurry up with it."

"May I come in? I would like to see the baby one more time."

Elunara sighed. "Whatever." She frowned at the woman in the chair. "I'm sorry about the intrusion. You can stay in the chair. I'll continue after we're done." She led the way to the nursery and opened the door. "He's a sound sleeper, but please don't wake him up." 

"You know, I never thought I'd find an Orc child beautiful."

"Yeah, well, Orcs have done catastrophic damage to Kalimdor. That would turn one against them."

"You always sound so cynical and angry when I am around you, yet you've inspired these people to great things. You have a man, and strangely, a woman who both love you. Surely they see a side of you that you hide in front of me."

"Are you kidding?" Mrs. Finister snorted. "She's mean as a snake and likes to yell at people."

Elunara just blinked. 

"Who even knows how many of our men she's had her greedy little hands on?" She scoffed. "Or how many of them are completely terrorized by her. She's a complete menace." Mrs. Finister crossed her arms and snorted. "Does draw real pretty though." She sighed. "And that husband of hers sure has made this place a lot safer since she got him to take over the training." She put her hands in her lap. "Did get rid of those nasty little beasts harassing that poor girl and they do keep things interesting around here. Why she even broke that terrible gloom that boy Renwa used to carry around." Mrs. Finister tapped a finger on her chin. "Yes, that girl is a mighty headache, but she does like to give gifts to random people for no particular reason." She sighed. "Children don't turn out like you want them to, but they sure do surprise you in the long run."

Elunara continued to stare.

"Wiser words were never spoken." Tyrande smiled.

"She's a strange one, that girl." Mrs. Finister nodded. "Stood in front of the entire town, yelling that she was a whore and proud of it. How many times have I seen that girl stand up in front of the town and make declarations that would curl your hair? She married that Orc, even though she made him wait forever for it. Saw to the execution of a madman. Ran the trash out of town. Why, even her little sparring matches in the ring with that brute are something of a legend." She shook her head. "She is one of a kind. No one can argue that Commander Grogek doesn't love her with a passion that makes most blush. That Tulani loves her so much it's like watching a puppy. Yet, still she turns around and tugs men in here left and right. We all wondered... could he not see it? Was that girl so blind?" She laughed. 

Mrs. Finister raised a finger. "Here's where it gets weird. He knows." She nodded. "Oh, he does, let me tell you. He finds it funny. I've seen it when he's out there, and he's got the same one in front of him that she had in here. There's this shit eating grin on his face, and the trainee is just utterly terrified." She shook her head. "That man will give 10 times the effort in order to please his taskmaster. At first I felt bad for them, like it was a horrible game played on them, but then it just got funny. They do it to themselves."

Elunara leaned against the doorjamb and shook her head. "Everyone always seems to know my private business."

"Because you put up a giant banner and yell "Hey, look at this thing I did!" Mrs. Finister pointed at Elunara.

"What's the point of all this?"

"I'm old, and judgmental. I didn't like you at first. You brought that thing here and endangered all of us. But then you started chipping away. Chip, chip, chipping. Next thing we knew, we liked you. I don't know what happened between the two of you, but I think it's silly. She's a strange one alright, but we wouldn't have her any other way. I just wanted you both to know that."

"If I was charging for those portraits, yours would be free."

"Why don't you charge for them?"

Elunara grinned. "Oh, I charge for them. I just get enough out of the ones I charge, that it covers the cost of everyone else." 

Mrs. Finister gave her a stunned look before whooping in laughter. "Is THAT what you call it?"

"Honey, I got a thirst, and there's only one way to slake it."

Tears began to form as she laughed. "Oh, you are a wild one."

Darguni began to cry and Elunara rushed to scoop him up. "Oh, I'm sorry, sweetie." She cuddled him. "I didn't mean to wake you. Shh, don't cry now."

"Not bad for a woman who claimed her emotions were dead." Renwa's quiet voice startled Elunara.

"Where did you come from?"

"Sorry, Tyrande didn't arrive when she was supposed to, and I got worried."

Tyrande frowned. "What did you say?"

"Elunara once told me that her emotions were dead. I believe that was shortly after you threw her out, and she seemed to have no reaction to it."

Elunara frowned. "They weren't really dead. Grogek just found them for me." 

Renwa laughed and ran a knuckle down the baby's cheek. "Well, they were broken. I believed you. I knew you felt nothing when you completed a mission, it was done. Even when they looked at you with love in their eyes, you slit their throats and forget they ever existed. You were so goddamned terrifying. Yet, I wanted you." 

She sighed. "Must we go through this again?"

"No. I don't think we do. I just wanted Tyrande to understand the person you were, the person you are. I think we've all made our points, one way or another."

"Indeed you have." Tyrande shook her head. "It's quite a lot to take in, and I'll have plenty of time to think it over. I guess I am glad that I sent you out into the world, for you to make of yourself what you would. I... I still do not agree with what you do to your body, but it is yours to do with as you wish."

Tyrande hugged Elunara who just froze. She straightened up and ran a hand down the baby's back. "He is beautiful. And you will be good to him. Better than I have been to you. No, I do not understand you, but you have plenty of people who do." She turned and walked away. 

"General Renwa, I would like to see the mages now."

He nodded and led the way out. 

Elunara just sat on her bed and stared at the door. Mrs. Finister took a handkerchief out of her sleeve and handed it over to Elunara. She stared at it before taking the piece of fabric. 

"Hardened heart or not, you look like you could use a good cry." She reached out. "Can I hold him?"

Numbly, Elunara handed the woman her baby. 

"What is his name?"

"Darguni." She whispered. 

"Darguni, such a fascinating name for such a fascinating child." 

Elunara felt tears and wiped them dry. She took a breath and reached for her board. 

"Oh, honey, you don't have to worry about that now."

"This is how I deal with emotions that I do not understand. I draw." She popped open her board, rearranged her sheets and began to draw. After some time she sighed. "You know, he could use a grandmother that's local."

Mrs. Finister gawked at her. 

"Don't make that face; you're making it difficult to draw."

"But, I..."

"I think you've earned the right. Plus, he likes you."

"I'm honored." She nodded.

Tulani came back in. "I got the fabric. I am sorry I took so long, there was..." She rushed to Elunara's side and dropped to her knees. "You've been crying. Why have you been crying?" 

Elunara had to lift her board when Tulani wrapped her arms around her waist. She put her pencil down and ran a hand in Tulani's hair. "It's fine. I'm fine. It would take too long to explain. Please, just let me draw."

Tulani stood up and wrapped her arms around Elunara's neck. "You will tell me though, right?" 

Elunara returned the hug as best she could. "Yes, later. When Grogek is home."

"Alright." She frowned. "I am sorry I took so long."

"It's ok. I just made Mrs. Finister here, honorary grandmother." 

Tulani stared at the woman. "Now you have to explain that one."

The woman in question shrugged sheepishly. 

"She defended me even though she had no need to, against someone she knew full well who she was speaking to. That earns loyalty in my book."

"Admirable." Tulani nodded. "I take it your mother came by."

"That she did."

Darguni began to cry and Tulani took him. She went to a nearby chair and began to nurse. Elunara watched for some time before returning to her work. She was relatively calm by time Grogek came in. Mrs. Finister watched him out of the corner of her eye, but did not move from her pose. 

Grogek kissed Tulani on the head, ran his fingers on Darguni's back and then picked Elunara up and kissed her soundly. Elunara laughed and pushed at him.

"You made me drop my board." 

"I was worried about you. I almost cancelled training."

"Put me down you lunkhead."

"Damn you're huge." Mrs. Finister finally said with a snort.

"Elunara tells me that frequently." He grinned.

She cackled. 

"Your subjects don't usually stay this late." He helped her pick up her papers. 

"We got delayed. Mother came by."

Grogek frowned. "And I wasn't here. I'm sorry, I should have canceled."

Elunara waved a hand. "I can protect myself. Though, Mrs. Finister here gave it a good go anyway."

He nodded approvingly. 

"What's this I hear about you toying with my toys?" Elunara cocked an eyebrow.

Grogek feigned innocence. "I have no idea what you're talking about. My vicious little she wolf." He grinned. 

Mrs. Finister stood up. "Welp, I think it's high time I hightailed it out of here, before it gets... messy."

"I'll have your portrait in a day or two."

"That's alright dear, take all the time you need." She gave a wink and closed the door behind her. 

Tulani took the baby and put him in his room. Once the door was closed, she turned to Elunara. "Now it is time for you to talk."

Elunara stored her supplies and board away. "Before I tell you about today, it's time I told you about what happened."

"When I was young, I was reckless and I didn't give much attention to the emotions of my... toys. I knew they were toys, they didn't. It's actually quite common for one of our kind to form a tight bond with one, and then consider a side piece. Some time before, our men were taken away to the emerald dream in order to protect Ysera. The women of our kind stepped in. From men as the domiant ones, to women. Now almost all important positions are held by women. Our cities are protected by women, it is a great honor to become a sentinel. We did have one male leader Fandral, but he was such an ass that no one liked dealing with him. My mother was and still is, one of the greatest priests of our time. When Fandral went missing, she took over, and our people have looked to her ever since. 

What people don't know, is that Fandral had a son. The son was just as much an asshole as the father. However, he... courted me? I guess that's the best way to explain it. He fancied me, and I decided that he wasn't too bad looking. I mean, I had already eaten my way through most of the population, but that was easy enough to over look, given who my mother was. So, even though I didn't mind laying my hands on other races, which is highly frowned upon... I was still the daughter of Tyrande; therefore I was a prize to be won. 

Elunara shrugged. "I let myself be won. Not only was he pretty tasty to look at, he was a fair prize himself. Fandral was a dick, but he was still the Night Elf leader and head druid of the Cenarion Enclave. Nice prizes. Well, the son was a dick. A massive dick with a tiny penis. He was so convinced that he had "tamed the wild one" that he used to say it. To everyone. Gods, he was obnoxious. When I looked at others, as I could not control myself, he'd fluff about, saying how I was all his and no one else could have me. He was stupid enough to tell people that it was his impressive package that had tamed me.

I'd had enough. He was ruining my fun, and he was over blowing his own endowment. So..." She sighed. "So, I set him up. I had him in a "secret spot" in a public area, got him all nice and hard, and then shoved him out. I let everyone see just how grand a package that little asshole had. I even joined people in the pointing and laughing. He was humiliated. He refused to speak to me ever again. Which I was glad for. Until a few days later when we were under attack. I..." She shook her head. "He took a sword from one of the sentinels, made a grand speech about how he'd redeem himself and prove he was the mightiest... and died in about five seconds.

His death was pointless and stupid. And his own damned fault. However, it was my fault that he had been humiliated. Fandral was heartbroken and enraged. I was a loose cannon that was out of control and it was my whorish ways that got the boy killed." She shook her head again. "Tyrande took Fandral's side. It didn't help that many years later, it was his rage and grief that turned Fandral against our own people. If my banishment was a question, Fandral's insanity made it an answer. My own mother told the sentinels to kill on site, should I ever return to Darnassus."

"How awful." Tulani whispered.

"A foolish death by a foolish boy." Grogek nodded. "I do not fault you."

Elunara shrugged. "I never blamed myself, because the two incidents had nothing to do with each other. I knew him, and he would have done it no matter how it had turned out."

"Past is past. Now tell us how the rest of the day has been." Grogek nodded.