 A knock on the door interrupted Elunara's train of thought. She opened it up and stared at Tonas and Mayby. Mayby pushed her way on in and Tonas followed behind. 

"What do you need?" Elunara sighed. 

"Teach me how to suck dick." Mayby declared. Tonas flushed and shoved his hands in his pockets.

Elunara was stunned enough that she dropped her pages. She stooped down and scooped them up. "Well, I like a good, bracing, "can do" attitude." She tucked her papers away and looked at the pair. "Well, first he undoes his pants, then you stick your mouth -"

"No, no, no, no. I want you to teach me how to do it right. I saw you two that night. I want to learn that."

Tonas was several different shades of red. "Mayby, don't tell her that. I'm so sorry; she gets a thought in her head..."

"Thoughts are good things. I'm long past being embarrassed over these things." She turned to Mayby. "Though other people are still sensitive, you should keep that in mind." She shook her head. "It's difficult for an embarrassed man to get it up for play."

Mayby pouted. "So we can't today?"

Elunara laughed. "I can get just about any man hard. So we can work on that today. I just recommend watching your mouth..." She winked.

"Just about any?" Mayby frowned. 

"Well, gay men don't find this attractive. Of course, Grommash didn't go for me until I royally pissed him off." She shrugged. 

"He's gay?" Mayby's eyebrows shot through her hair.

"I can't tell you. I mean, he begat Garrosh, but that doesn't mean anything. He could have mated just to spawn. Or he has a mate in mind. Really, I think he just never saw me as a sexual object." She shrugged.

"He must have been terrifying."

Elunara laughed. "He was a really pathetic puppy. But I don't think we're here for my exploits."

After she sent them on their merry way, Mayby looking proud of herself, a Tonas looking shell shocked. She stood there and considered. Grabbing her board and papers, she started working on a design. Grogek found her there, still working. 

"What are you doing?" 

"I'm making a sign. Well, designing one."

"Where is Tulani?"

Elunara looked up and looked around. "Well, I know she came in. I think she said something about Mrs. Finister."

Grogek laughed and kissed her head. "Been involved have you?"

"Well, I might have been given a job of sorts, but I haven't been able to figure it out." 

Grogek leaned against the wall. "And what is that?"

"That's just it. I don't know what to call it. I've been thinking about it ever since Mayby and Tonas came for my help. I mean, I'm an artist." She waved her hand at the wall and the books. "I like when people call me that, but it doesn't include my other hobby." She tapped her pencil on the board. "I want a sign out front, and I think I should have a privacy sign on the door, just so random people don't show up when I don't want them."

"That's a good plan."

"I was thinking of calling it... Sexual Therapy. That sounds vague enough, doesn't?" She looked up at his grin. "What?"

"You're cute."

"I have sex with men for fun, and somehow I got roped into teaching a couple how to have fun sex. So, slapping sex on the sign is the best idea. But I needed a vague sounding phrase so that I don't have to explain exactly what I'm doing in here."

"I think it sounds like a good idea. Now you just have to sell it to Renwa."

She snorted. "I could sell Renwa his own testicles."

Grogek barked a laugh. "I bet you could. In fact, I'd like to see that one."

The next day she took a handful of sketches and a detail pitch to Renwa.

"You want to call this a business?" He stared down at the papers. 

Elunara shrugged. "I'm just combining my talents and making something of it. You can't tell me you haven't already benefitted from my... therapies." She winked. 

He sighed. "Well, it's not the worst idea you've ever come to me with." He stamped the papers. "Maybe it'll keep you out of trouble."

"Me? Trouble?" She was all innocence.

She took the papers to the sign maker. He stared at it. "Are you serious?"

"Renwa stamped his approval."

"Well, of course he did. You could probably sell the man his own testicles."

She smiled brightly. "Hey, that's what I said!"

It'd be done in a few days and she whistled her way over to the training yards. Grogek spotted her and wandered over. She grabbed him by a fang and kissed him soundly.

"Well, someone got what they wanted."

"My signs will be ready in a couple of days."

"What should I start telling people?"

She considered. "I hadn't thought that far. Maybe that I just went legitimate?" She giggled. "The best is probably the most honest. I have settled into town with a new business helping people with all of their sexual needs. I also do portraits and things." She tapped a finger to her lip. "Maybe I should have it somewhere that I'm not there because I have to." She rocked her head back and forth. "I'll figure out all the details. Just tell people that I have a new practice to ask me about."

A couple of days later, Elunara stood outside admiring her sign. Renwa cocked his head to the side. 

"You know this makes you a permanent fixture here, right?" He said quietly.

She nodded. "I'm ok with that."

Elunara was flipping through papers when Grogek walked in. 

"Someone told me it was your birthday."

Elunara sighed and sat down her papers. "Renwa most likely." She rolled her shoulders. "I'm not fond of my birthday."

Grogek grinned wide. "I might be able to change your mind."

She cocked on eyebrow. "Oh?"

He held up a length of rope. "Though, you might want to be naked for this one."

It was her turn to grin as she stripped down. He tied her hands to the center post in the room.

"Comfortable?"

She gave a testing tug. "Nicely done."

"Now for the fun part." He whispered. He gave a loud whistle and three soldiers walked in.

Her eyes glittered with excitement. "Someone's been reading my journals again."

"It has come to my attention that, some of the men have been a little cross with you. Apparently, you take advantage of them, and they just have no way of reciprocating." He rubbed his hand on her naked ass. "Now, that's just not fair, is it?"

The men began stripping down. 

"So, after much consideration, I found you a suitable selection." 

"What did you bribe them with?" She grinned.

"Just you... tied up." He grinned back. "Though I dismissed the ones foolish enough to think you'd be helpless in this state."

She snorted. "Wouldn't be the first to make that mistake." She eyed him. "Where will you be?"

He gestured to a chair. "Over here. Just... Watching." He grinned. Grogek looked over at the men. "Remember, I'm not here." Before walking off and sitting down. 

The three of them looked at each other. 

"Well," said one. "We figured we'd start off in the order of which we've been in here. Mark, you get to start us up." He shrugged. 

Mark walked forward. "No one ALIVE has had as much experience as you have. However, I think us three..." He paused and looked back. "Amateurs" can figure it out." The other two snickered. He laid his hands on her shoulders and ran his fingers down to her breasts. His fingers teased her nipples and she gasped softly. "It really wasn't fair, you know." He pinched lightly. "Our first time in here, we were too terrified of consequences. What would Grogek do to us if he didn't actually approve of your antics? What happens to our sensitive parts..." He moved a hand down her belly and slipped his fingers across her hair. "If we offended you?" He slipped his finger in. "Then when we found out the truth, we wanted a little of our own back." He licked his lips. "It's time for that pay back." He slipped a second finger in and stroked. "I have to admit, I've been fantasizing about this one for awhile."

"Enough talk." She growled.

Hands came up behind her and cupped her breasts. "I have to agree with her." He sunk his teeth into her shoulder. 

The first fingered her and sucked on her breast, while the second one rubbed his erection against her ass. His hands worked on her breasts while he attacked her shoulder. She gasped in surprise when the third slipped a finger in her ass and licked her hip. Half a glance at Grogek, and she saw him stroking his massive erection as he grinned.

She gasped as a second pair of fingers slipped into her. Once she was dripping, a hand slid across her wetness. The third man pushed the first out of the way. He stood up and grabbed her by the hips and slipped himself inside her. He began to rock in and out as the first assaulted her breasts with his wet fingers. 

Third pulled out. "I've always wanted to try something." He moved behind her and pushed the second out of the way. She groaned as the third pushed into her ass. 

"Hey, yeah." Said first. He grabbed her by the hips and slipped into her front. They began to move in and out of her. Tugging hard on the ropes, she moaned. The second captured her mouth and slid his hands down to her wetness. He worked his fingers on either side of the first's dick. 

His hand came up and went for her breast. With a small growl he pushed the first. "I want my turn."

The first slipped out. "Yeah, sorry. That's intense."

The second slipped in and went for her mouth again. Before she could gasp, his tongue raked across her teeth. The first went for her breasts, as his hand slipped down across her ass. He pulled her ass upwards and the third shoved himself in deeper with a groan. 

With a grunt, the third let himself go in her ass. After panting for a moment he looked up. "You have to try this." He pulled himself out of her ass, and the first pushed in after. 

"Damn." He huffed. "That's..." His words were lost as he thrust up and down as he grabbed her shoulders. 

Hands came around her hips and ass. The second slipped himself out and the third buried his face in her crotch. She gasped and struggled against the ropes. With a whimper, she lost track of who was doing what. When the next one came in her ass, he moved and let the last one in. She was drenched in sweat and various fluids when Grogek finally stood up. 

He slipped into her front, as the one in her ass clinched his hands into her skin. Grabbing her hips, Grogek slid himself in and out. He buried her face into her shoulder and, with expert skill, drove her to near madness. She was aware of all the hands, of all the sensitive areas being assaulted. 

Grogek filled her with himself, the force of which caused the final man to come in her ass. She whimpered with pleasure. Grogek grinned and walked behind her, pushing into her ass. Gripping the ropes, she gasped. 

"Well, is anyone taking the front?" Grogek snorted. 

They returned to her, the first slipping into her front, the rest working on her body. She arched backwards, panting madly. Grabbing her ass, Grogek pumped her on to his dick. When he finally finished in her, he leaned his forehead against her back. 

She looked around at the three exhausted men. "Aw, over already?"

They just stared at her and Grogek began to laugh. "Forgive me my love; they were the best I could find."

She looked over her shoulder with a wicked grin. "I tease. You give the best birthday presents."

One of the men fell over backwards. "I give up, she's insane."