 The two Orcs snuck in to the Alliance camp, intent on their target. She was walking between buildings when they pounced.

Elunara woke with an awful headache. She blinked and stared at the brown Orc face. "Wah?" She squinted against the darkness. "Lorros?" 

His hands were wrapped around her arms. "Are you alright, my heart? I'm sorry they were so rough with you. They will be punished."

"Where am I?" She rubbed the knot on the back of her head.

He hugged her tightly. "You're safe now. I have you."

Her eyes went sharp and hard. Grogek would have been afraid of her now. In Lorros' ignorance, he took her reaction to be something else. 

"Where am I?" She repeated.

"You are with me, and that is all you need to know." He kissed her softly. 

Only training and caution kept her from summoning her dagger. She had no idea where she was, and nothing in her field of vision gave any clues. "But I'm so confused." She said sweetly. "If I had more..."

He took her hand and patted it. "You are safe here. No man will lay his filthy hands on you again. I swear this to you. You are mine, and I will protect you."

Elunara ground her teeth but remained benign. "You were always so sweet to me." She placed a hand on his cheek. "I trust you to know best."

He gave her a bright smile, and she felt like she was dealing with a dull-witted child. "Rest, my heart. I will see you brought food."

She gave her best, flattering smile. "I don't suppose I could get some paper? You know how I love to draw."

He looked away, out of the tent. "Not now. But soon. I will give you all the pleasures you desire." Swiftly, he stood up and walked out of the tent. Elunara briefly saw snow. "No one in or out. My orders. She stays there." He walked off. Elunara saw the outline of two burly Orcs. She crossed her arms and growled. 

She'd slit his throat if she didn't know that escape was impossible until she knew more. She looked around at the furs and dirt. She scooted to a fur and using her dagger, she cut a chunk of it out. Using dirt, spit and a little bit of effort she was able to scribble a coded message on the furs. With a little prayer, she wadded it up and tossed it over her shoulder. It didn't burn properly, but it did disappear. She only hoped the message came out clear.

Twice she tried to approach the door, only to be shoved backwards on her ass. There would be no speaking with these jerks. 

"I have to pee!" She called. "I don't want to pee in here." She pouted. 

The two orcs talked in orcish. She was going to have to reserve that little nugget for another time. One finally grabbed a messenger and had him send for Lorros. Lorros himself came in the tent. 

"What is wrong?" 

She wiggled in place. "I have to... umm... relieve myself, and I don't want to mess the floor." 

"I will take you this time." He grabbed her arm and marched her out. He turned to the guards and instructed them in orcish to bring a bucket for next time. 

She kept the eye roll to herself. Using her field of vision, all she could tell was she was in an encampment in snow. Frostfire ridge most likely. He released her arm by a tree.

She wiggled and blushed. "Can you not stare at me like that?"

He raised his line of sight, but kept her in view. 

"Do you have to watch?" She muttered in annoyance.

"I have to protect you. When Grogek finds you gone, he will come looking. I will be prepared. I am sorry, my love."

"Surely he hasn't found you this quick." She pulled down her pants and willed herself to pee. She briefly debated killing him now, but he was too alert. He'd break her in half before she'd complete the act with her little dagger. She tugged her pants up. "I'm done." She sighed. 

He grabbed her arm again. She pried his fingers off her arm and took his hand in hers. "Isn't this better?" She smiled at him. He blushed. He actually, freaking blushed. Elunara desperately wanted to groan, but she smiled instead. "It's just me. You don't have to be so mean." 

He nodded. Leading her back in the tent, she noticed the bucket and tried to not growl. She considered her options. Smiling, she worked up a blush. "Will you be joining me in here?"

He nodded stiffly. "I have made arrangements. Tonight." He said. He bent down and brushed a kiss on her lips. "Tonight." He repeated, little more roughly. 

She wished, ever so much, for a temper tantrum. Instead she sat down on the spread furs and smiled demurely. He left and gave some commands to her guards. A short while later Elunara saw a woman at the flaps. She knelt down and shoved a plate of food in. The woman quickly scurried away.

Elunara sighed as she ate her meal. Trapped in enemy territory, with no spotter, no plan, and no paper. She sighed. She wasn't away for a day and she desperately missed her husband, her girl and her baby. Wrapping her arms around her legs and laying her hands on her knees, she allowed herself to quietly cry.

Renwa knocked on Elunara's door. Tulani opened the door, baby on her shoulder. 

"Sorry General, Elunara isn't here."

He frowned. "She was supposed to report to my office an hour ago. I know she gets distracted, but this is a little strange."

Tulani shook her head. "Ask Grogek?" She cocked her head. "I'll go check the Finister's."

Renwa marched down to Grogek. He was currently directing a set of troops in a drill. "Oy, Commander Grogek!"

Grogek barked out some orders and then headed over. "What brings you down?"

"Have you seen Elunara? She didn't show up for her appointment."

He frowned. "There's any number of places she could be right now. I'm sure we'll..." Grogek froze as Tulani came running full force, child nowhere to be seen. She collapsed at the edge of the training yard, panting. He scooped her up.

"Mayby..." She panted. "Mayby said she saw Elunara, called out to her. Elunara stopped and waved. Mayby turned away to close her door, and looked back up and Elunara was gone. Thought it was odd, but decided Elunara had something important."

"Where is Darguni?" 

"Mrs. Finister is looking after him so I could tell you."

Commander Grogek halted training. "Elunara is missing!" He bellowed. "FIND HER!"

They searched for hours, but no one could find her. Only a splatter of blood where she had been standing. Grogek was in a distraught rage by time they met in Renwa's office. Tulani was crying, Darguni had been left in the care of Mrs. Finister while they searched. 

Everyone was surprised when a flap of fur landed on the desk. Renwa snatched it up and ran his eyes over it. 

"Elunara has been taken by Lorros."

Night fell and Elunara cleaned herself up. She shook out her hair and wiped up her face. Tears were for amateurs. Tears got agents killed. She was a pro. Her guards were switched out, and she briefly wondered if Lorros would make them stay once he was inside. She laughed. That was a stupid question, he was paranoid. She wasn't walking out tonight. Even if she slit his throat, she knew nothing about the layout, no idea on man count, nothing. She was shooting blind, so she would do what she did best. Fake it.

Her favorite talent was her ability to fuck men and make them give her what she wanted. Enough effort and she'll have this whole place in her hand. Or at least the idiot. She was pissed. Elune save her she was beyond pissed off. She would use it, just as before.

He came in at a predictable hour. The disciplined always did.

He looked around before sitting his axe down. He frowned at the bucket in the corner. She pretended to have eyes only for him, but she would make his life difficult. He barked an order at one of the men, who walked in. The two orcs took up most of the space, and Elunara shifted backwards as if nervous. Lorros barked orders in orcish and she had to stifle the snicker. The big tough orc balked at dealing with the bucket, but he feared Lorros more. 

She watched the exchange with great interest. Lorros had been busy in the past six months. She decided that a cower, with a hint of pride, was the expectation. Once the other orc picked up the smelly bucket and went out. She tried for a visible sigh of relief.

He laid a light hand on her shoulder. "No one will touch you again. This I promise."

She turned a snort into a sigh. She straightened her back and smiled. "I'm not sure what you mean."

He knelt in front of her and looked into her face, searching. She went for shyness, with a hint of spine. He placed a hand on her cheek. Leaned forward, he feathered a kiss against her lips. "I am not like him." 

She bit back, "That's for damned sure." And went for, "You're so sweet." Instead. "You shouldn't have worried about me. I do fine on my own."

He laughed softly, as if he doubted that. He kissed her again. "I will never let them hurt you again." He said in a husky voice. He pressed her back, and laid her on the floor. He kissed her mouth and her nose and her forehead. He ran his fingers under her clothes and she responded in kind. He was soft, careful and passionate. She let herself be had in this way, and sincerely wished to claw his eyes out.

The next morning she sighed and tried to stare out of the tent. The orcs kept the flaps pretty well closed, and she wound up lying on the ground just to see anything. It had been three days and Lorros still refused her any paper. She had nothing new to report, so she avoided cutting the furs unless she was going to need them. An orc woman had taken to getting her bucket. When she tried to speak to the woman, she said hateful things in orcish and left. 

Every night she lay with Lorros. Ordinarily that would be the fun part of any assignment, but this just annoyed her. She lay on her back on the pile of furs, head bent backwards, trying to see out of the tent. Lorros walked in and looked at her upturned face. 

"Are you alright?"

"I'm quite bored." She sighed. "If only I could draw. You're so pretty. Can't I put you on paper?"

He frowned. "I am sorry, my lovely. We cannot get the paper you require out here right now. I have sent for some, but they take too long." 

She sighed and stared at what passed for a ceiling. "If you say, my love. Perhaps some other form of entertainment? A friend perhaps?"

He seemed to consider her request. "I will see what I can do." He knelt down and picking her off of the floor, kissed her upside down mouth. She reached out and wrapped her arms around his neck and head. She tugged him down with her and kissed him. She nipped his lips and rubbed her tongue along tender areas. 

"I am lonely." She whispered against his mouth.

"I..." 

She removed one arm from his neck and tugged down her shirt. "I just want you to hold me for a little while. Is that too much?"

He slid a hand forward up her shirt and cupped a breast. He gave one look back before he tugged her shirt down and over. When her shirt was off, he licked her neck. She gave a little gasp and he ran his tongue from her neck to her breast. When he began to suck, she reached out and undid his pants. He was a little too focused on her breasts and gasped when she wrapped a hand around his dick. She began to jack his dick, and he groaned. Shoving her pants out of the way, he began to lick at her wetness. She slipped her mouth on his dick and began to suck. He groaned and wiggled his way down her body. Once he was in position he began to rock his hips against her mouth. She shifted her angle and let him fuck her mouth. He buried his face in her crotch and scraped his teeth on sensitive parts. When she flinched her body and gave him a deep suck, he exploded in her mouth. She almost choked on it. She gagged and pushed against him.

Free of his dick, she gasped for air and coughed it all up. 

"Oh, my love." He crooned. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen." He pulled her into his arms. 

She coughed and spit on his shirt. With a deep blush, she wiped at her face. "No. No, its fine... you're just bigger than..." She shook herself. "I wasn't expecting it. I wish I could just wash my face. That's all." She looked embarrassed.

He scooped her up and walked out of the tent. She was quick to scan the details of what she could see. She was taken a different direction this time. Elunara clung to the front of his shirt like a child, not bothering with a trivial emotion like embarrassment. She was taken to a bubbling hot springs. He slid her in to the warm water. 

She purred. "Oh, this is amazing." Expressing true happiness. "I haven't had something like this before." Which was a lie, she loved the Winterspring hot springs. "Oh, why can't we come out here more often?"

"It's not safe." He frowned. 

"Oh, lover, please... come in with me. This is spectacular."

He shook his head. "Not today. I was rough on you. Forgive me. I didn't mean to make you feel that way." He looked like a wounded puppy.

If Elunara hadn't been so willing to kill him the moment she could, she'd feel bad for the guy. She'd gagged on purpose. Grogek was the only man she was willing to swallow. She used the warm water to clean her face and body. She stood up and shivered. She dropped back into the water. "That's cold!" She gasped. "Did you bring me a towel?"

He looked around and frowned. "I am sorry." He yanked off his own shirt, and plucking her from the water, wrapped the clean side around her body. He carried her back. 

When he could not see her face, she rolled her eyes. Frozen tundras meant nothing to her. After he deposited her back in the tent, still wrapped in his shirt, he left her alone. She wondered where he got ready every day. He spent his nights in her tent, his arms pinning her to the ground, but he did not share anything else with her. 

Tugging the bottom fur, she began to make drawings and notations. When she saw a shadow, she tucked the fur away. The same woman as before came with clothes. She tossed them on the ground, complained of wasted material and walked out. Elunara rolled her eyes at the pathetic excuse for clothes. 

A couple of days later, a Blood Elf was shoved into her tent. She landed on her face. Elunara tried to help her up but the Blood Elf waved her away and scrabbled to the edge of the tent. 

"Are you alright?"

She sniffled and wiped her cheek. "I'm fine."

"I'm Elunara, what's your name?"

The woman glared. "I know who you are." She pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees. "I'm supposed to keep you company."

Elunara sighed. "That's not what I meant." She groaned as she smacked her forehead.

The woman eyed her warily. "Why are you here?"

"Lorros fancies himself in love with me."

"Oh." She snorted. "Sucks to be you."

"I take it you don't like Lorros?"

"He's a cruel taskmaster. He gets results, but he's vicious." She rubbed her arm. "I've been on the receiving end a few times."

"Why don't you leave?"

She laughed. "Are you serious? He has this place locked down. I can't even get reagents to port out of here."

"Well, I intend to get out." Elunara glared at the door.

"Take me with you?" She snorted. "Dying to the Alliance sounds like a better plan than living under Lorros."

Elunara eyed the woman. "I can offer you refuge."

"What can one Night Elf offer to me?" 

"When they come for me, and they will... you can stay with me. I already house my own former Iron Horde Orc." 

The Blood Elf woman continued to eye Elunara. "How do I know he is any better?"

Elunara grinned. "I married him."

The Blood Elf's eyes went wide. "You married an orc?"

"We have a child too." She sighed. Shaking her head, Elunara pulled out the bottom fur and began to make marks. 

"What are you doing?"

"I may look innocuous but I'm a mission specialist. I'm relaying what information I can about our location. I'll also let them know about you." Elunara flicked her eyes up. "If you're in."

"Take me with you." She repeated in a whisper.

Elunara nodded and began to work. Once she was satisfied with what she had, she wadded it up and threw it over her shoulder. 

"I hope that works." The woman muttered.

"What's your name?" 

"Zelinnia." She frowned. "Can't you stab him with that?"

"And then what? Have a dead orc and no way to run? No, we wait for our chance."

Zelinnia nodded. 

The orc woman came back in, dumping trays at their feet and hauling away the bucket with a spate of insults.

"I kind of like her." Elunara commented. 

Zelinnia wrinkled her nose. "Why?"

"She has the most creative insults I have ever heard."

"You can understand her?"

"Married an orc, remember?"

Zelinnia just laughed. 

Night began to fall and Elunara ticked off the minutes. "Remember, if you can get to paper, try to bring me any. If you can get a message to Thrall, all the better."

Zelinnia nodded and watched as Lorros came in. 

Elunara gave a friendly wave. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow."

Zelinnia stood up and wiped off her robes. "It was nice meeting you." She smiled. Elunara recognized the nerves but appreciated the effort.

Lorros shoved her to the ground.

"Hey!" Elunara stood up.

"She stays." He growled.

Elunara softened her voice. "But you're here now. I thought you'd prefer the privacy."

He lifted his axe. "Has she not been satisfactory?"

Elunara threw herself in front of Lorros, as Zelinnia scrambled back against the tent wall. "She has been a satisfactory companion. Thank you. I'd like to keep her if you don't mind." Elunara laid a hand on Lorros' axe arm. "But, I think you came in here for a different reason. 

She scooted into his personal space and gently pressed his arm down. He dropped the axe and focused on her face. Her other hand she ran up his chest and to his neck. She gently pressed into his muscle. Working with her fingers, she made her way over his arms and to his chest. Using massage skills, she worked on the knots in his neck as her fingers moved back. She trailed her fingers up to his skull and worked her magic. 

His arms came around her and he bent forward and pressed his lips against hers. She teased and taunted, drawing his kisses out, as she rubbed her hands down his shoulders and arms. Her hands came down his chest and around his back. She slipped her hands under his shirt and dragged her fingernails across the muscles. He groaned as he knocked her backwards. She hit the ground with a soft "Oof" and shifted her body around. Staring at her, and only her, he pulled off his shirt and came out of his pants. Elunara gave his dick a hungry look. 

He knelt and yanked off her poorly made clothes. 

Zelinnia watched in horrified fascination. She pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. She watched as Elunara took whatever he gave. She pinched her eyes shut and wished she was anywhere else, but she knew the guards outside would not help her. She looked again and Elunara was looking at her. Elunara's eyes were dead. There was no other way to describe what she saw. Elunara shook her head and then turned back to Lorros. 

The whispers, the moves, they were as lovers. An amorous suitor might think her to be enjoying herself. She caressed at the right moments, murmured the right things. Zelinnia's heart broke. She had no idea how long she lay there, curled in terror. She wondered if Lorros might turn to her eventually. Instead, he curled up like a babe in Elunara's arms. His face pressed in her chest, he murmured things. Zelinnia blocked her ears. Elunara lay there, staring at the ceiling. She cuddled and mollified, until Lorros fell asleep. Elunara did not look at Zelinnia again that night. It was just as well, Zelinnia was horrified by what she might find.

In the morning, a light rustling had Zelinnia's eyes shooting open. She scooted back against the pile of furs, trying to make herself small. 

She watched a morning after routine that might have come from a poorly written romance novel. When Lorros left the tent, the shift in Elunara's face went from forlorn lover, to white hot hate. 
