 Elunara was considering a page when Zelinnia ran in and slammed the door behind her. 

"El! El!" Cried Darguni, who reached up.

Elunara eyed the panting woman who had turned several fascinating shades of red. "What's wrong with you?"

"I..." Zelinnia bit her lip. "I was helping Ina warm the tubs... and I went in to change towels, and Renwa was sliding in the tub." She covered her face with her hand. "And... and he caught me staring. So... I ran."

Elunara sighed and tossed down her paper. "And you didn't slide in with him? Zelinnia, I'm ashamed FOR you." 

"This is NOT funny!" Zelinnia fumed. 

Elunara shook her head. "Of course it's not. You two have been pacing around each other like dogs in heat. Either do and be done, or actually date the man. That's all the advice you'll get out of me."

Zelinnia picked up the persistent toddler and sighed. "I saw his dick, and I kept staring at it... and wondering." Shaking her head, she bounced the child on her hip. "I kept wondering if it would be as good as..." She stared at the wall pictures.

"As?" Prompted Elunara.

Zelinnia mumbled.

"Didn't catch you." Elunara sighed.

"Your fingers, ok? The only experience I've had has been... that day." 

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Let me guess, Renwa is the big experienced male, and Zelinnia is the poor inexperienced female. Am I on the right track?" She raised an eyebrow. 

Zelinnia sat on her bed and put Darguni in her lap. "Now you're just making fun of me."

"Actually, I'm not. It's pretty common. But, let me allay your fears. Renwa is a sweet and considerate lover. He's good enough to be interesting, but not enough to be daunting." She shrugged. "We shared a bed for nearly a year, before I walked away in search of something new. Even while we were together, I never stopped my missions. In fact, I used missions as fuel to blow poor little Renwa's mind." She laughed. 

"Great." Zelinnia muttered.

"Oh, don't be like that." Elunara shook her head. "He couldn't keep up with me. Hell, the only person who truly can is Grogek. We were suited for sex, but he wanted love making, and I wanted a hard bang. It just didn't work. He gave me everything he had, and it just wasn't my style. It worked, because he knew what I was, but it ended because he didn't know WHO I was." Elunara walked over and put a hand on Zelinnia's shoulder. "Take it from me, Sweetie. You're a perfect match." 

"Well, if you say so. I guess you'd know by this point."

Elunara sat down and hugged Zelinnia. "And he doesn't know what we did, so to him, you're still the inexperienced virgin. In fact, you rather are. He'll be gentle as a lamb." She plucked Darguni from Zelinnia's lap and put him with his toys.

"What if I don't want him to be?" She flushed. 

Shaking her head, Elunara laughed. "Sweetheart, start slow, build up. You have to have a first date before you can start ripping off his clothes, or he'll think I had something to do with it." She wagged her finger. "Not a good way to start off, I assure you." 

"Fine."

Elunara grabbed her arms and pulled her to standing. "Now, get your tiny little but out there, and apologize for fleeing, before Renwa thinks his dick offended you." She pushed the smaller woman towards the door.

"Fine, fine, I'm going. Ina's going to kill me anyway." 

"Dropped her fresh towels?"

"And entered a tub room without knocking."

"What color flowers would you like on your grave?"

"Hah. Hah." She yanked open the door and stared at Renwa. "Uhh..." She slammed the door.

Elunara smacked her forehead. "Zelinnia!"

"I don't know what to DO when I'm around that man!" Zelinnia cried.

"Well, I have several suggestions." Elunara snorted.

"I can hear you." Renwa called through the door.

Zelinnia closed her eyes. "I've always been partial to purple flowers, myself." She groaned. 

"Duly noted." Said Renwa. "May I come in and stop talking trough the door?"

Elunara elbowed Zelinnia out of the way. "You know you are always welcome in my home. Even when Zelinnia is being a doofus."

Renwa nodded as he stepped in. "I'm sorry for the intrusion, but it seemed important I... come over." 

Elunara snirked. "Zelinnia has already told me what happened." She bent down and scooped up Darguni. "I think it's time for someone's nap." Then she disappeared into the back room. 

Renwa blushed. "Listen, I'm sorry I-"

"No, no. Don't apologize." Zelinnia bit her lip. "It was my fault for not knocking like I'm supposed to."

He stepped forward. "I didn't want to offend you." 

Her face grew hot. "N-no. Not at all. I just... I didn't mean to stare!" She choked out. "I-I'd never seen... and I ... I was curious... and I... OH, god I wish I was Elunara." 

He blinked at her. "In... uh, what way?"

Behind the closed door, Elunara was silently pounding her head on the door. 

Zelinnia was red as a beat as she stared at Renwa. "Well," She said slowly. "For one thing, I would know what to say, and stop blurting things out like an idiot."

"That's a reasonable desire." He nodded. He winced. "I didn't mean it that way. You're not an idiot."

"She always knows what she's doing and how to get what she wants." Zelinnia muttered. 

"And what do you want?" He asked quietly. 

"I..." the color rose in her face again. "I... I don't know..."

Elunara popped open the door. "Oh, dear Elune, just bone each other and be done with it. You're both killing me."

Zelinnia glared. "Right now, I want to smack her." She snorted.

Renwa sighed and rubbed his neck. "You and me both." 

They grinned at each other. 

"There, now you have something in common. If you're going to borrow the building, I'll put the sign out and you can come get me when Darguni wakes." 

They both went red as they continued to stare at each other. 

"Gods, I love that color on you two, you're adorable. Go have lunch or something. Get out of my house." She shoved them both out the door and closed it behind them. 

"I'm starting to wonder if she does "always" know what she's doing." Zelinnia blinked.

"Yes, yes she does." Renwa laughed. "She likes to call herself a whore, but she's been studying humanoid behavior for years. She literally can get anything she wants. Come, I hear Tippy has outdone herself with these new Draenor ingredients."

Grogek kissed the top of Elunara's head. "You did good."

"Huh?" Elunara looked up from her papers. "What?"

"Zelinnia and Renwa were seen hand in hand. Knowing how awkward those two are, you had to be involved."

She laughed. "They deserve each other." 

"They do." He grinned. "You should know; I flipped your sign."

"Oh, really?" She tossed the papers on the desk. 

"I hope you had no other appointments today." 

"Sugarbear, my calendar is always clear for you." 

Tulani frowned at the door. The sign was up for business, but she wasn't aware of any appointments today. She had seen Zelinnia a few minutes ago, and she didn't say anything about being kicked out for the day. Tulani tapped on the door using the code Elunara gave her. 

"Come in!" Was muffled. 

Tulani peeked in the door to see Elunara and Grogek naked and sweaty. Grogek leaned back against the wall, and Elunara was sitting on the end of the bed. With a sigh of relief, she closed the door behind her. "I was worried you had someone I didn't know about."

"Oh sorry, Grogek was feeling frisky." 

"I can see that." Tulani put her new basket on her desk. "Don't stop on my account."

"We were between tasks." 

Tulani walked over to the bed and ran a finger down Elunara's arm. "Well, you've certainly been busy." 

Elunara captured her wrist and kissed her palm. "Are you asking to join us?"

"I wouldn't object to it."

"Then you are wearing entirely too much." Elunara slipped her hands across Tulani's shoulders and under the edge of the dress. Pushing the dress back, Elunara trailed her mouth and edges of her teeth along the woman's sensitive neck. 

Grogek watched with great interest, his hand slipping around his dick. 

Elunara moved down, taking the dress with her. She used her mouth on Tulani's breasts. Tulani leaned her head back, her fingers gripping Elunara's hair. Elunara gripped her hips, pressing the dress off into the floor. Wrapping an arm around Tulani's waist, Elunara tugged the Draenei into the bed. She tugged her into her lap. 

Slipping her fingers in, Elunara whispered. "What can we do with you now?" She leaned back, her knees spreading Tulani's legs apart, as the woman lay on top of her. From his vantage point, Grogek could see the both of them, spread out in front of him. He bent forward and starting at the bottom, licked them both. Both women gasped in shock. 

He laughed. "Sorry, when such a tasty display is in front of me, I just have to have a lick." 

Elunara shifted her legs, and pressed Tulani's hips down against her own. "I think that's a fabulous idea." 

Tulani buried her face against Elunara's neck, as she wiggled her legs around. "I liked it." She panted. 

"That's a go." Elunara grinned as she squeezed Tulani's hips. 

Grogek got more comfortable and buried his face in the crotches of the two women.

Zelinnia giggled and blushed. She rubbed her hand in her hair. "Oh, maybe. But, let me just tell Elunara I'll be out late."

Renwa noticed the sign on the door. "Uh, you might..."

Zelinnia opened the door and froze. Elunara and Tulani appeared to be in some sort of naked embrace, while Grogek had his face... She slammed the door closed and stared at Renwa with complete embarrassment. 

"I will knock on all doors." She said. She hurried away from the building. "I will knock on all doors. I will knock on all doors." She chanted, as she all but ran away. 

Renwa sighed. That would be a mental image he'd keep for awhile. Damned if he wasn't jealous. In the meantime, he had a Blood Elf to chase down.

"Did you hear something?" Tulani looked up.

Elunara shook her head and scrapped her teeth on Tulani's shoulder. 

Grogek laughed. "It's rather hard to hear with legs on either side of my head." 

"I know something else that's hard." Elunara purred. 

"Rock solid." Grogek slurped them again. 

"Maybe we can have some fun with that." Elunara ran her tongue on Tulani's collarbone. "You know, my sweetness, I've sometimes regretted that I haven't a dick to fuck you with."

"But you do so well without it." Tulani purred, her fingers stroking Elunara's breasts. 

"Maybe we can borrow his for a little bit." She whispered. Her fingers working in and out of Tulani, as Grogek worked his fingers in her. "But, I wouldn't want you to do something you objected to." 

"Would it bring you pleasure?" Tulani's cheeks were flushed. 

Elunara bit Tulani's lip. "I would like to see it. But, not at the expense of you."

Tulani dipped her tongue in Elunara's mouth. Elunara's free hand came up and crushed Tulani's hair as she pressed her mouth in. Both women gasped and squirmed at Grogek's attentions. 

"I am not so sure." Tulani began. "But I will try, for you." 

"I would never hurt you." Elunara's thumb circled the sensitive point between Tulani's head and horns. 

"What are you plotting up there?" Grogek looked over Tulani's ass. 

"Did you know the base of her tail is very sensitive?" Elunara grinned.

"Is it now?" Grogek considered. He moved a hand up and brushed his thumb against Tulani's ass. She wiggled. He ran his thumb and forefinger along the base of Tulani's tail. She began to trash, her tail reflexed. "Oh, now this IS interesting." Grogek remarked. 

Elunara grinned, Tulani came on her fingers. "Now that's my girl." Elunara purred as she worked on the horns and Grogek the tail. 

"Oh, stop." She whimpered. "That's just too much!" She tried to clamp her legs, but there was too much in the way of it. 

Elunara laughed and Grogek released her tail, frowning. "Did I hurt you?" 

Elunara laughed and kissed Tulani's nose. "Oh, I can quite assure you that she enjoyed it. It's just something a little more intense than she can handle."

Tulani pouted. "That was a dirty trick." 

"Actually, I wasn't entirely sure that would work. I'll have to add it to my notes." She gently kissed Tulani's mouth. "I'm sorry, I won't do it again."

"Well... I didn't say that." She blushed.

Elunara grinned. "Too mad at me to try the other thing?"

"Oh." She ran her hands on Elunara's breasts, fascinated by the feeling. "No. I'm still willing... I mean, I don't really want to stop yet."

Elunara tugged a horn and pulled Tulani into a deep kiss. "That's my girl." She looked up at Grogek's still concerned face. "Sugar bear, I'm going to need you to sit up."

"Alright." He climbed out of the bed so he could readjust and then sat back against the wall again. 

Elunara pushed Tulani up to sitting and looked over. "Aw, you lost your hard on."

"Sorry my love, I thought I hurt Tulani."

Elunara pushed Tulani into Grogek's lap. He blinked at the woman as Elunara tugged on his dick. She began sucking on him. He grunted and grabbed her head. When she was satisfied, she sat back and inspected her work. Tulani's soft wet lips brushing on Grogek's hard dick made something in her flood. Even if she could never get Tulani to try this again, that image would keep her happy for months. 

"Alright Sugarbear, I'm going to need your help." 

"What do you want me to do?"

"Brace Tulani."

"How?" 

"I'm going to get her to slide on your dick. I need you to brace her so we can go slowly."

"Wait, you want to what?" He blinked. 

She stared at him for a moment. "I... I'm sorry. Did I do something wrong?"

"My love, I've never..." He looked down at Tulani. "Another woman?"

"But you've had no problem with..." She shook her head. "I'm confused."

"Sweetheart, you are who you are. But, I've never been with another woman. Once it was you, it's always been you."

"Did I ask too far?" She frowned. "I guess I didn't ask." She reached out and put a hand on his arm. "I'm sorry that I assumed that it was just like the other stuff." 

He shifted uncomfortably. "A finger there, a lick here, it was just fun. But I've never put my dick in any other woman but you. I don't even look at them." 

She put a hand on Tulani's shoulder. "I mean, this is our Tulani. I just wanted to borrow your dick for a few... You know what, scratch that. I'm going to be honest. I wanted to see her slip on your hard dick. I can't even explain why this turns me on so much, but I want it. I want to see you buried hilt deep in her so I can lick you both off. I can practically taste it. I was so worried about insulting Tulani with my request, that I didn't even think of you, and I'm sorry. Please forgive me." She frowned. 

Grogek tugged her forward and captured her mouth with his. She knew that in his mouth, hers and Tulani's juices mingled together and it drove her even crazier. Tulani, trapped in the middle, slipped her hand down to Elunara's crotch. 

"Oh my, she's serious. She's soaking." Tulani said with awe. "You should feel this."

Grogek slid his fingers in alongside Tulani's. "Amazing." He stared at his dripping hand and licked his fingers. "Very well." 

"I don't want to insult you." Elunara frowned.

Grogek shook his head. "I am uncomfortable with it, that much is true. However, I have always said that I would do anything to please you. This so obviously pleases you, so it will please me to do it."

Elunara wiggled her butt and clasped her hands together. "Really?"

He laughed. 

"Well, it will be interesting to attempt, at least." Tulani looked down at herself, still perched in Grogek's lap. He had gone near soft, but hardened when he'd felt Elunara.

"Last chance to tell me no." She pointed at both of them. 

They looked at each other and Grogek shrugged. "Yes."

Tulani giggled. "Yes." 

"Remember Tulani, you HAVE to tell me if something hurts. I won't harm you." 

"Alright." 

"Since that whole fiasco made everyone a little... less than happy, we'll do this the right way." Elunara sighed. "I'm sorry I ask so much of the both of you." She pressed her lips to Tulani's, softly, gently building up. She moved her hands down her body, fingers caressing and teasing the breasts and nipples. She moved one hand down and began to work her fingers in and out of Tulani, the palm of her hand rubbing against Grogek's dick. She moved her face back to Grogek and devoured his mouth. 

The pair of them ran their hands along Elunara's body, caressing, gripping, and feeling her out. She worked her hand on both of them as she braced against the wall. "I love both of you." She murmured. "My heart." She kissed Tulani. "My Soul." She kissed Grogek. "For just a moment, I want to enjoy you both at once. In a way we've never tried before." She whispered; her voice husky.

"Here, let's brace you up." Elunara fiddled with Grogek's arms until she was happy, and then moved Tulani into them. She guided Tulani's hips over and sat her on his dick. Bending down, Elunara began to lick them both at the connection point. Tulani leaned backwards and Grogek groaned. 

One hand on Tulani's hips, she used her other to spread the lips as she guided Tulani down. Tulani gasped and Elunara looked up. Tulani's eyes were wide, but not painful. With a grin, Elunara added pressure. "Grogek is on the big side, but I wouldn't have anyone else touch my girl. You can take him, I know you can." 

"This is an exercise in endurance and self control." Grogek groaned. "I have to figure out how to capitalize on it." 

She laughed. "I have been all my life." 

Elunara bent back down and licked his shaft, moving towards the head where she began to rub and lick at Tulani. More pressure on Tulani's hip and Grogek's dick slipped inside. Tulani gasped and clenched her hands on Grogek's. "Here we go, my lovely." Elunara whispered. Using both hands, she gripped Tulani's hips and pulled her forward. With a little shove, she began to push Tulani down the length of him. 

Grogek shifted for the change in weight and almost let go. He shifted his hands. "Let me handle the hips." He growled. Wrapping his hands around Tulani's hips he guided her slowly down. 

Tulani gasped and writhed. Her motions made it difficult for Grogek to hold on. Elunara grabbed Tulani's legs and spread them wide and pulled her knees up. 

"There we go, nice and tight." Elunara purred. 

Grogek let go of Tulani's hips and laid his hands on her legs. "You can say that again." He groaned. 

Tulani leaned back against his chest. "This... feels so strange." She shook her head. "Nothing at all like... well, that."

Elunara licked her lips. "I hate to ask another favor..."

"What?" They both asked at once. They looked at each other and laughed. 

"Can I get my sketchbook?" Elunara whimpered.

Grogek rolled his eyes. "Alright."

Tulani giggled. "Go ahead; it might kill you if you don't." 

Elunara leapt off the bed and went for her board.

Tulani wiggled back and forth. 

"Oh lord, stop." Grogek grunted. "You're too tight for me. I prefer my wife." He winced.

"I'm too tight for you? How fascinating." Tulani found it difficult to stop wiggling. 

Elunara sat in the bed and began drawing the pair of them. While one hand worked, she slipped her fingers in herself. "This one will have me busy for weeks." She murmured. She worked as quick as she could manage, getting the angles and shapes right and worrying about major detailing later. 

"Please tell me this won't be a regular thing..." Grogek whimpered. 

"Oh no, no, no. I'm getting this down so I never have to ask this again. It's just been this fantasy that's been in my head." She sat the board down on the floor. "And I so desperately wanted to do it."

"Well, good." Tulani wiggled again. "Because as fascinating as this is... it's not exactly for me."
