 Zelinnia stood on the hill overlooking the south orchard. "It's a beautiful place." She murmured. "The whole town is a pretty little place." 

"We're quite proud of it." Renwa smiled. 

They began to walk back. Zelinnia watched the trio walk towards the bath. "Oh good, maybe I can go back tonight without humiliating myself again." She grumbled.

"You could always stay with me." Renwa murmured. 

Zelinnia looked up, her eyes wide. "I'm... I mean, I..." She tried to catch her breath. "I'm not that kind of girl." She blurted. "I mean, I know I live with Elunara, but... it's not like that." 

He held out his hand. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you." 

Timidly, she put her hand in his. "It's just... I know Elunara's reputation is legendary, but I'm not that kind of person. We haven't... I mean we didn't... it's just, ah..."

He laughed. "I know that Elunara can be an overwhelming person to deal with."

"Ugh, the things I've seen, pretending to be asleep." She muttered. 

He laughed. "She knows."

Zelinnia froze. "Knows what?"

"That you're awake." He shrugged. "Grogek would know because of his training. I think the only one who wouldn't know that you are awake would be Tulani. She's too innocent, even if her past is horrible." 

"Not THAT innocent." Zelinnia muttered.

"What?" 

"Nothing." She shook her head. 

"Elunara has been good to her. Really brought her out of her shell, so to speak. Tulani used to be afraid of everyone except Elunara. She's still a little shy, but there's a humor there I haven't seen before." Renwa kissed Zelinnia's cheek. "We all thank you for saving her." 

Zelinnia blushed. "I... well, I... uh." 

He laughed. "And after what you said to Elunara that day, you can't get by with calling it nothing." 

"I really should get back home." She mumbled.

"I'm sorry, did I offend you again?"

She held up her hands. "No! I mean, you never offended me in the first place." She could feel the heat in her face. "I like you, I do... I just... I mean, if the guys in Silvermoon looked half as good as you, I might not have left." She laughed. She smacked her own face. "Gods, I hate my mouth."

"I'm quite fond of it myself." He grinned.

Her blush deepened as she stepped back. "I should go." She whispered.

He captured her wrist. "Wait." Tugging her closer he peered into her eyes. "Just a moment longer." He swallowed the lump in his throat. "Please?" He whispered. 

The heat in her face was almost unbearable and her breathing quickened. "Maybe a moment." Was that her voice?

His hand came up under her cheek and he leaned forward. She stepped forward, hands on his chest as he pressed his lips, whisper soft on to her own. It was as if she'd lost control of her own limbs, and her hands came up behind his neck. Renwa's hands slid down her backside, as he gently pressed his tongue into her mouth. She gasped in shock and he took his advantage, their bodies wrapped around each other as he softly, patiently explored her mouth. 

When thoughts of Elunara's comments intruded on her mind, she swore and stepped back. 

"I'm sorry." He whispered in confusion.

"If you apologize to me one more time, I will fire blast you in the face." She muttered. "I have to go." She took off running. 

Elunara blinked when she heard a door slam. She picked up the orb and stuck it to her ear.

"Darguni?" Tulani asked. She was cuddled up under Elunara's arm. 

"No, I think Zelinnia's returned." Elunara sighed. "But if she doesn't stop that cussing, she'll wake him." 

"Do you need to deal with her?" Grogek opened one eye and peered down at Elunara, who was tucked under HIS arm. 

"Unfortunately." Elunara dislodged herself from between the two. "Take your time. I'm going to need a few to figure out what went wrong." She climbed out of the bath and scooped up her clean clothes. She decided it would be quicker to run and air dry, than to towel and dress. Not that she minded running naked in the dark, she had many times, for many reasons. She met a frowning Renwa on the way. 

"Oh, hello Lu." He mumbled. 

"What's wrong?" 

He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand women."

She snorted. "The woman in question is a moron." She shook her head. "Look, I'll talk to her."

"Yeah... Can you?" He looked at Elunara and she thought he looked crushed. 

She laid a hand on his shoulder. "I will." Watching him wader away, she decided he was completely messed up if he didn't even notice she was naked. 

She shoved open the door and glared at her target. "What the hell, did you DO?" She growled.

Zelinnia looked up and almost wet herself. A furious Elunara was a terror to behold. "I..."

Elunara pointed out the door. "I just passed a devastated Renwa, and I'd like to know WHY." She closed the door, careful not to slam it in her anger. 

"I..." All thought had fled her mind. "I just..."

"SPEAK!"

"He kissed me, OK?!" Zelinnia yelled back.

"The baby is asleep, and if you wake him up I'll just be more pissed off." Elunara glared. "If you want to try and tell me that Renwa assaulted you, we're going to have a whole new set of discussions." 

Zelinnia blinked. "I didn't say that."

"Then WHAT is going on?" 

"He kissed me, and then I kissed back," She started rambling. "and then I wanted to go with him and then my mind went to... that and I got to thinking about what you said and I suddenly was horribly embarrassed by my reaction and just... I panicked and I ran." 

Elunara pounded her head lightly on the wall. "Elune, you are an idiot."

"This is all so weird to me!" She cried. "And don't you dare quote me YOUR situation. I know about Night Elf curiosities into other races. But Blood Elves are raised with a certain racial purity. We don't even LIKE that we had to ask the Horde for help. Gods, to MINGLE with the lesser races..."

"So you're racist." 

Zelinnia crossed her arms. "I'm supposed to be." She shrugged. "But I was already bored to tears by the point that we reached negotiations with the Horde. Not one Blood Elf man was worth my time or attention. They're all a bunch of preening poofs. The Horde intrigued me. Taurens are quite tasty to look at."

Elunara snorted. "Tasty is an understatement once you get your hands on one." 

Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "Of course you have. Anyway, once in the Horde, you're preached at about the awful Alliance. Once a Horde, always a Horde. I applied my disdain for "lesser races" to the Alliance, rather than my allies in the Horde." She ran her fingers through her hair. "Then Thrall gave leadership to Garrosh, and I'm quite sure you're aware of how well that worked."

"Racial purity taken to its extreme." 

"Exactly." She sighed. "So then, we go from working together, to isolations. Blood Elves were considered less than dogs. Delicate little flowers that needed to be stomped into shape. The whole upheaval of the Horde, from Thrall to Garrosh, to Garrosh's insanity, and then that sticky troll Vol'jin takes over."

"I kind of Like Vol'jin..." Elunara said wistfully. 

"I don't even WANT to know why." Zelinnia shuddered. "Then that idiot Thrall convinced the Horde to come out to Draenor. Freaking cold, and not fun." She snorted. "But, that I can deal with, I like seeing new places. But the fucking twit put Lorros in charge of training. Garrosh all over again!" She threw her hands up. "Then you save me. Now, I find myself in a very weird situation. I will never see Silvermoon again." Tears streamed down. "I'll never see my home again." 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Zelinnia. "You've been through a lot." 

"I don't even know what I want anymore, and trying to figure it out gives me a complete migraine." She pinched between her eyes. "I like Renwa, I really do. Gods, I wanted him to take me home tonight, and I messed up and now I don't know what to do." 

Elunara kissed the top of her head. "Well, you have two options, do it now, or do it tomorrow."

"What?" Zelinnia sniffled.

"You are going to go to him and apologize for being a total twit. Then you are going to STAND there." One arm around the Blood Elf, Elunara put a hand under Zelinnia's chin. "This is the most important part; you will STAND YOUR GROUND. Do you understand me? You will not take off running, you will not coward out." She tapped her nose. "You will stand your ground and you will follow your heart. It will take you where you need to go."

"Really?"

"Now, do you do it now, or sleep on it and do it tomorrow?"

"I..."

"I have my own suggestion, but you have to listen to your gut on this one."

"I want to do it now."

"Good girl." Elunara led Zelinnia to the door. "Now, his door is not the main office, but the small door to the left."

"Alright..." Zelinnia started running.

"I'm amazed you always know what to say." Tulani watched Zelinnia's diminishing form. 

"Elune, I am exhausted." Elunara sighed. "I could sleep for a month." 

Grogek scooped up both women. "Then let's get started on it." 

Zelinnia found herself running through the town, completely unaware of where she was supposed to go. She remembered belatedly where Renwa's office and was halfway to the door when she spotted the light in the window. She peeked in and spotted Renwa, sitting at a table, his head bowed. Guilt hit her like a punch in the stomach. Moving to the door, she knocked and waited. 

He debated not answering the door, but the knock came again, a little more insistent. That's all he needed, a midnight tragedy to deal with. With a sigh he got up and opened the door. He blinked several times. "Zelinnia..."

"Listen! Don't be mad at me, ok? I'm an idiot. I know I'm an idiot, but it's not like I've had this stuff figured out before, or had this stuff to deal with." She rambled. "Wait, I'm not making sense." She shook her head and clamped her hands together. "Please forgive me." When he continued to stare, she rushed on. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, I'm just trying to figure out my own feelings and they're a complete mess, mostly because I'm a complete mess. Please, you..." She flailed her hands. "I liked kissing you, I did. I kind want to do it again, but that's not why... well, that's exactly why I fled." She pulled at her hair. "Do you ever want something so badly that all you do is shoot yourself in the foot? Oh, I'm screwing this up again!"

Renwa reached out, and wrapping his arms around her, pressed his mouth to hers. She gasped in surprise and then grabbed his arms, her fingers digging into his shirt. He was slow, deliberate and careful. One of her hands went up around the back of his neck, her fingers crushing into the hair. She got bold and pressed up against him. 

Releasing her mouth he whispered. "Would you like to come in?"

"More than anything in the world." She breathed. 

He closed the door behind them. 

She looked around at the simply furnished room. Licking her lips she turned to him. The look in his eyes had her desperate to run again, but Elunara's words echoed in her head. She closed her eyes and breathed several times. 

"Are you alright?"

"Just making my decision." She whispered.

"You don't have to..." Wrapping his hand around her waist, he stepped forward. "I would never..."

She put a hand to his mouth. "I want to. I desperately want this. If you keep talking, I'll just run away again."

"I can't have that, can I?" He whispered, before pressing his lips to hers. He led her back to the bed, his hands making his way into her dress and pushing it down around her shoulders. His mouth followed the trail of his hands, making his way down to her chest. 

She slid her hands across his neck and up to his hair. Leaning her head back, she groaned. He tugged her dress down around her hips. He slid his hands up and grabbed her breasts. "Oh, Renwa." She whispered. 

"Call me Johnathan." He whispered back. 

She dug her fingers in his hair as he pushed her dress to the floor. Straightening up, he pulled off his shirt. She ran her hands across his chest. "Johnathan." She breathed. 

Gently, he pushed her back on to the bed, laid her down and climbed in on top. "Zelinnia." He whispered. Leaning down, he pressed his lips to hers. She wrapped her arms around his neck, her fingers spread into his hair. She responded to his mouth with her own, dancing their tongues in each other's mouths. 

She slid her hands down his back, tugged at the top of his pants. 

"You don't have to." He whispered again.

"I want to. Please." She begged.

He shoved his pants down, freed them from his legs and tossed them with the rest of the clothes. He ran his hands across her breasts, caressed her nipples with his thumbs. She moaned and writhed. One hand he moved down, and spreading his fingers, slipped them in her wetness. She groaned and arched against his hand. He adjusted and pushed himself against her. His hand he slipped around her waist and across her ass. He pressed her against him and slid in slowly. 

She dug her fingers into his back and arched against him. She gave a whimper when he entered completely. "Johnathan." She moaned. 

He captured her mouth again and slipped in and out. He'd known she was a virgin because he'd asked Elunara. How she knew, he didn't care, but he wanted to make it beautiful. 

Her legs came up around him, as he buried himself deeper. His hand slid down her leg, grasping her hip as he groaned. Zelinnia decided to ignore that annoying voice inside her head saying Elunara was right about him being gentle. "More." She whispered as she arched her back. "I want more." She breathed. 

"Your wish is my command." He murmured as he built up speed and intensity. Her hands roamed his body, exploring shapes and sensations. When she began to shudder against him, he let himself go.