 "This has been the most embarrassing day!" 

"Oh, Zelinnia." Elunara wrapped her arms around the smaller woman. 

"I didn't mean to take the stupid shirt." She pushed it into the floor. Blinking at it, she scooped it back up and put it in her lap. "Oh, what is wrong with me?"

"You're in love." 

Zelinnia just stared.

"Oh, far be it for me to tell you what that means. My experience of it is rather limited and hard won." Elunara sighed. "But your emotions are much higher on the surface. You're confused because you've never been this way with another. But there's that part, deep in you that's been sold on him since the moment I shoved you in his arms. If you'd stop running from things that scare you, then maybe you'd let yourself feel something good ever so often."

"Running is what I'm good at." She muttered.

"Then maybe it's time you found something else to be good at." Elunara picked up her board and began working. 

"Sometimes, I hate when you're right." Zelinnia muttered in annoyance, worrying the shirt between her fingers.

"Oh?"

"It was amazing." She mumbled. "Don't look at me like that!" She tossed up her hands. "Gentle, yes, amazing, yes. Dear God, why did morning have to come and be so terrible?" She buried her face in the shirt without thinking. Taking a couple of deep breaths she opened her eyes and pulled the shirt away. "GAH!" 

Elunara laughed. "When you figure out what you're going to do with yourself, Eloise designs the most fabulous wedding gowns. She turned mine into a dress for ceremonies and things. You should see the pictures."

Zelinnia crossed her arms. "Why are you so sure I'm going to marry him?"

"Because that's the kind of person you are." Elunara shrugged. "You're beautiful, but have managed to stay a virgin through all of this time and war. You haven't given yourself once. You finally do, and it's for keeps." She continued to add detail. "I know your type, but I also know you, Zelinnia. You're hard headed, easily scared, and a bit of a snob. You two will be adorable together."

"I'm naming my first child Nara, just to annoy you." She grumbled. Her eyes went wide when she realized what she said. She flopped over, face buried in the shirt and wailed.

Elunara laughed so hard she had to put her board down. "Oh, Zelinnia."

Tulani walked in and blinked down at Zelinnia. "Sweetie, what's wrong?"

"She's in love with Renwa." 

"Oh? Is that all?" Tulani shrugged and put her basket on the desk.

Zelinnia turned her head and glared. "What do you mean, "Is that all"?"

"It's not exactly a secret." Tulani tapped a finger to her chin. "Well, I mean, you didn't come home last night. And Mrs. Finister is telling everyone she can, that she saw you leave his home this morning."

"I'm going to kill that old biddy." Zelinnia growled.

"Oh, calm down," Elunara waved her hand. "That woman hasn't had a scandal since I pulled Tulani into this little affair." 

"I thought her last information coup was telling everyone your mother is Tyrande." 

"Oh, you're right." 

"Can't that woman stay out of people's business?" Zelinnia grumbled, unconsciously rubbing her cheek on the shirt. 

"Old women usually can't, it's their only source of entertainment." Elunara shrugged. "If you cover that thing in tears, the smell will wear off quicker."

Zelinnia jerked up and balled the shirt up and stuck it under her pillow. "Shut up." She mumbled as she flopped back down on her pillow. 

Tulani stifled a giggle. "Oh, I do so hope you're not going to sit in here and mope. You have a wonderful man who enjoys seeing you. You should go enjoy it."

"He's busy." 

Tulani sat down and began her work. "First of all, you don't know that. Second of all, you can't know that until you learn his schedule. Third, you can show your interest in his BY learning his schedule. He'll find it flattering." 

Elunara considered. "Tulani's getting good at this." She grinned. Elunara closed up her board and held a hand out to Tulani. "Care to join me under our tree? I find getting some work done in the sun is quite relaxing." 

Tulani grinned, up for the game. "Let's gather Darguni and make a picnic of it."

"I'm enjoying this plan." Elunara looked over at Zelinnia. "When you stop pouting in embarrassment, you can join us. The sun would do you good." 

Zelinnia took her pillow and put it over the back of her head. She blatantly ignored the lot of them. When the door finally closed, she sat up and tugged out the shirt. This stupid thing had caused her so much trouble today. She wanted to throw it away, but found herself hugging it instead. With some disgust, she shoved it under her pillow. She got up and yanked out one of Elunara's books. Flipping through the pages, she found herself intrigued. She recognized a good deal of the text. 

She began to look through all of them, trying to find the one she knew would be in there. She stopped when she came to a passage. "Grogek took them" Curious, she sat and read the journal entry. Taking out the indicated copies of papers, she began reading the journal entries. By time she finished, tears ran down her face. She returned to the original journal entry. Zelinnia stared at one line for the longest time. "Though I have slit his sister's throat, he appealed to me for forgiveness." 

Zelinnia began digging through the bound books, into the papers and skimming around the drawings. She found the early entries of Renwa. "He's quite tasty, and he understands my needs, I just don't think he understands his own needs." Zelinnia eyed the drawings and decided that Elunara had seriously improved since then. She marked her page and went digging again. She skimmed the pages and stopped at certain passages. After much consideration, she decided that Grogek picked some nasty ones, but not the really bad ones. 

How could the free-spirited woman who had such a loving family, have come from this? She started from what she thought was book one, and began to read with such intensity and speed, that she lost track of all else. Even the knock on the door did not stop her. She laid another book to the side, and picked up the next. She had quite the spread going before the door opened. 

A hand on her shoulder made her jump through her skin.

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to frighten you." Renwa ran his hands through his hair. 

Zelinnia put her head on the book in front of her. "Gods, you almost scared me to death."

"Sorry. You didn't answer the door, and Elunara said to come on in." 

She rose up. "No, I got involved in..." Her eyes went wide and she tried to push the papers around to cover certain entries. 

"I think everyone that wants to truly know Elunara, should read her books." He lifted a paper. "Oh, is that me?" He grinned. "I've read these before."

"Why?"

He shrugged. "I was curious, and she let me."

"No. Why... this." She gestured to the books. 

"You have to finish reading, and make your own decisions. Elunara is Elunara." He shrugged. 

"It all feels so sad." 

"You're not the only one who thinks that. It seems that Elunara is the only one who doesn't agree with you." 

Zelinnia blushed. "I mean, I started because I wanted... something in particular, but then I found the entry about Grogek stealing her papers... and I went from there." Zelinnia reached over and picked up the open book. "He embarrassed her in the same way I was embarrassed, and she practically thought it was cute. Then, I went deeper and found that he could have done so much more damage, to her, to the town... but he tried to soften the blow, even then."

"I believe Grogek loved her before he left that fortress." 

"Loved a woman who couldn't love him back." She murmured.

"Ah, but that's the thing." He put his hand on her shoulder. "She learned how to love. She learned how to make friends, to break this lock on her heart, and give herself to others." He rubbed her shoulder. "You should read the rest; it'll make sense as she goes along."

Zelinnia stared at the books she had spread out. "I guess. I hope she won't be cross with me."

He shook his head. "I think she's come to expect it." 

She sighed and shook her head. Looking up she eyed him. "I'm sorry, why are you here?"

"I can go if you want."

"No" She turned. "No, I'm sorry. I just got involved in what I was doing."

"Elunara said she was worried about you. This morning seemed to have really given you a shake." 

Zelinnia sighed and leaned her head against his stomach. "I've never been so humiliated in my life." 

He stooped down and laughed. Putting a hand on her cheek, he smiled. "I'll be fine."

She snorted. "You get to say that." 

He pressed his lips to hers, his hand sliding behind her head. 

She broke contact. "You turn my brain to mush." 

He grinned. "I take that as a complement." He nuzzled his face into her neck. "I'll let you get back to your reading... but come back to me tonight." He finished with a whisper. 

"Ok." She said weakly. Even after the door closed, she stared at it for the longest time before putting her hand on the desk. She turned back to the books and it took her a few tries before she started reading again.

So absorbed in her reading, she didn't notice Elunara's return. 

Elunara raised an eyebrow before she passed on by and put the sleeping baby in his bed. She came back out and leaned over Zelinnia's shoulder. Zelinnia was turning the pages with an impressive rapidity. Grogek came in next. He sat down and pulled off his boots. 

"What's she on?"

"Looks like she's about to my time in Grommash's fortress, but I'm not entirely sure. She has an impressive spread going here."

Standing up, he pulled off his shirt and looked over. "She's impressively fast." He cocked his head to the side. "Do you think she's even aware we're here?"

Elunara shook her head. "Don't think so."

"Should we disturb her?"

"Don't think so. Renwa said she almost peed herself when he stopped her earlier." 

"Alright then." 

"Her focus is fascinating, I wonder if there's a creative way we can use this." Elunara tapped her finger on her chin. 

"What are you thinking, my love?"

"Zelinnia has been having a horrible time trying to find her place. I bet you she could decimate some back paperwork for Renwa, and get to spend all day next to him." 

Zelinnia closed her book and tucked it away where she found it; she reached for the next one and caught a movement out of the corner of her eye. She shrieked and jumped back. Grogek barely caught her from landing on his axe. 

"Don't DO that!" Zelinnia cried at Elunara. 

Grogek pushed her back to standing. "We've been home for a good thirty or forty minutes." He laughed.

"You have?" She looked at him, completely baffled.

"Sweetheart, I think I just found you a job." Elunara laughed. 

"What do you mean?" 

Elunara gestured to the spread on the table. "You've covered all of this in the day? Why I bet you could rip through all of that paperwork Renwa has to shuffle around. I mean, he's got a lot to handle, I bet he'd be glad of the help. Of course, a man boning his secretary is SO cliché, but look at what you've done."

"It took me nearly two weeks, spending four or five hours a night trying to pour through all of that myself." Grogek nodded. "You've done it in about five or six hours total." 

"Maybe." She bit her lip.

"You should offer your assistance next time you see him." Elunara shrugged. "I won't mess with it until you're finished." 

Zelinnia pulled out a book and handed it over. "Can I get a copy of this?" She blushed.

"Certainly." She went to a set of books Zelinnia hadn't gotten to yet. "You might want this one, too." 

Zelinnia's eyes went wide. "Oh, my." She whispered. "Yes, please." She croaked. She reached out to touch it but pulled her hand back. "I... I have to go." She whispered, before she turned and fled.

"Well." Elunara grinned. "Don't expect her back tonight."

She wasn't aware she was running until she reached the door to his office. She peered in the small window and saw him at the desk, going through some papers. Try as she might, she couldn't tell if he was alone or not. Bouncing back and forth from one foot to another, she decided her best course of action. If he wasn't alone, she would be business like, and offer her services. If he was alone... she'd get back to that thought. 

Straightening herself out, she raised her hand to knock on the door and froze. What if he was busy? What if he was in a bad mood? Maybe he didn't want to see her. She shivered. Elunara's voice struck her, Stand your ground. Taking a deep breath, she knocked.

"Enter!" Commanded Renwa.

She jolted back. Maybe he WAS angry. But, she's already knocked. With a gulp, she pushed open the door and slid inside. 

"Oh, Zelinnia." He smiled. "I didn't expect you."

She put her hands behind her back and looked around. He was alone, and suddenly she felt very embarrassed. "Uh, well, I was talking to..." She ran a hand through her hair. "I was talking to Elunara, and she said I should... I ah..."

Renwa raised an eyebrow. "Elunara says a lot of things, and if you don't clarify, I'm going straight for her usual response." He gave her a wicked grin.

Zelinnia's eyes widened and she felt a hot flush all over. "She... ah." She pressed her hands against the door and briefly debated running. "She said I should use my skills to help you with paperwork." She blurted out, all at once." 

"Aw, is that all?" He cocked his head to the side.

Zelinnia shook her head. "No, she gave the usual suggestion." She laughed nervously. 

He stood up and took off his gloves. He walked around to her and brushed the back of his fingers across her cheek. "Why are you always so nervous?"

She swallowed. "You turn my brain to mush." She whispered. 

He pressed his lips to hers and the tension went out of her body. She put her hands on his breastplate, and briefly bemoaned his uniform. His hands slid down her back and across her ass. She heard the click of the lock from somewhere behind her. Surprisingly quick, he had dislodged his armor and let it drop to the floor. He pushed his body against hers, trapping her to the door, as their mouths continued to search each other. 

She recognized the shape of his erection pushing at her through their clothes. Not really sure what she was doing, she slid her hands into his pants and cupped his ass. He groaned and moved his mouth to those places on her neck and shoulders. She gasped. His hand was slowly working his way up and down. He found the hem of her dress and slid his hand inside. The sensation of his flesh on hers sent chills throughout her body. 

He shifted his hand and went for her slick wetness. She gasped and arched against his hand, as he slid is fingers through and across. Her hands slid up through his shirt and her nails dug against the flesh of his back. Slowly, he slipped a finger in her and groaned. 

"Zelinnia, I want you, now."

"I need you now." She whispered, as her body ached. 

With his free hand, he worked himself free of his pants. She reached down and gripped the length of him. He moved her dress out of his way and pushed against her. Letting go, she put her hands on his shoulders. He shifted and buried himself in her. With a groan, he paused there. 

"Oh, don't stop." She whimpered. 

"I had no intention of it." He murmured, as he began to work in and out. 

He lifted one of her legs and wrapped it around his waist. Clinging to her leg like a life line; he pumped himself in and out. She arched against him, unable to control her hands. She grabbed at him, yanking his shirt off before she knew what she intended. Acting more on instinct, and those nights she'd watched, she buried her face in his neck, scraping her teeth against his neck. 

"Oh Gods, you're killing me." He groaned. 

She clung to him, her nails digging in his back, as she sucked on his shoulder. When he finally exploded inside, the sensation of his throbbing dick had her clamping down. She shuddered, her back still pressed into the door. His hands clung to her hip and leg. 

"Did..." He gasped. "Elunara teach you that one?" He whimpered; still clinging to her. 

She froze. "What?"

"The shoulder. Dear lord, no one does that." He gasped. 

"Oh." She flushed. "I... kinda watched a few times." She bit her lip. "And read her book about you... I mean, I didn't really think about it... but that's probably where I got it." 

Releasing her leg, He buried his face in her neck. "I'm never going to look at this door the same way again." He murmured. 

"Do we always have to bring up Elunara?" Zelinnia pouted. 

Renwa straightened up. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to." 

She looked away. "It's just... Elunara this, Elunara that. I understand you two used to be something, but I'm just me, and I can't compete with the goddess of sex."

He ran his hands down her arms. "Sweetheart, I didn't mean it like that. I'm so sorry." He put a hand on her cheek. "I don't want you to ever think you're competing with her, or any one."

She pouted. "No one really can. I've been reading her all day. It's amazing. It's terrifying and it's a little bit disgusting. Who the hell can fuck a dragonkin?" She made a face.

"She did a what?" He stared.

Zelinnia straightened her dress. "It's there. It was on a mission with the twilight hammer... in detail. Something about a corkscrew penis?" Zelinnia shuddered.

"Well, there goes my erection." He muttered 

Zelinnia sighed. "I just don't want her to always be there inside one of our heads. I'm not like her; I can't spread my legs around and call it fun. It has to mean something"

"Zelinnia." Renwa grabbed her hands. "I love you. I love you and only you and that's just how I am." 

She stared at him. 

"You said to me, that you wanted something so bad you keep screwing it up?" 

She nodded. 

"That's how it works sometimes. Just don't let me screw it up, ok?" 

"I..." 

He put a hand back on her cheek. "I love you. I want you to love me back."

Zelinnia closed her eyes and laughed. "I told..." She shook her head. "I know what I just said, but I told Elunara today, that I was going to name my first child Nara, just to annoy her."

He froze. "What are you telling me?"

"That I think I do love you? Or at least that I want a shot at it." 

He was kissing her before she could react. His arms came around her and she wrapped her arms around him. A knock on the door had her wincing. 

"Oh, for the love of..." Renwa growled. 

Zelinnia scooted to the side as she rubbed the back of her head.

Renwa opened the door and glared at Jordan. "What now?

Captain Jordan coughed and looked away. "Sir, you're out of uniform."

"How observant."

"No, I mean you really are." He pointed.

Renwa looked down before stuffing himself back in his pants. "Now that we have dealt with that, WHY are you here?" 

"Sir, you wanted these reports as soon as they arrived." 

Renwa put a hand over his face and sighed. "You are right. Come in, and close the door." 

Zelinnia yelped and sat in the corner. 

"Sweetheart, you don't have to hide." Renwa held out a hand. 

Jordan's eyes widened, but he remained quiet. 

"I believe you've met my girlfriend." Renwa grinned. 

"Apparently, I have." Jordan raised an eyebrow. 

With any luck, I might convince her to be my wife." 

Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "Elunara says I should be a fall bride." She slapped her own mouth. "Gods damn it." She muttered. 

Renwa grinned. "In any event, she's so graciously offered to help me with the paperwork. I intend to get her trained on these reports as soon as possible. So, give me what you got."