 She screamed in rage and heaved a plate into the wall. "That stupid little SLUT was sitting at a desk in HIS office!" 

"Sis, I don't' know why you thought he'd drop everything for you." John winced. Something in the food did NOT like his stomach.

"It took me FOREVER to dislodge that stupid little dwarf."

"She's a healer; she's supposed to care about your health. Did you get my stomach medicine?"

"Ugh, no. Go get it yourself if you're that bad." She paced back and forth. "I will NOT be denied." She turned on him. "Do you hear me? I've worked TOO long at this, to be PUSHED aside by some filthy Horde bitch." Her personality turned on a dime, and tears welled in her eyes. "Can you believe what he SAID to her?"

"You've repeated enough, that yeah, I can."

"SHUT UP!" She threw a bowl. 

What did he do in this life or the previous that made him deserve this? He curled up in a ball. 

There was a knock at the door, and Kathleen grabbed up her bonnet and readjusted herself. She tossed a blanket over some of the broke crockery and pulled open the door with a flutter. 

"I've come to look at your brother." Ina pushed past Kathleen and didn't see the hate on the girl's face. Not that she would have cared.

"Oh, thank the Gods." He whimpered. 

Zelinnia started cleaning up her work. She understood it now; she finally had the answers she wanted. With a sigh she considered the contents of Elunara's life and how the Night Elf came to be who she is. No wonder people loved the woman. Zelinnia was fairly certain she loved her too. Shaking her head, he returned the book to the shelf and frowned. She sat the book back down and tapped on the wall. She shifted the books off and tapped around. The door finally popped free. Inside was a different book. 

She hesitated. This one was hidden for a reason. Elunara had given her everything. She looked down at her mess. What could be so bad, or private that it wasn't included in an already horrid life? Her mind screamed to close the door and forget it existed. Her thirst to know Elunara completely, drove her to pull down the book. She opened it and gasped. 

"What are you doing?" 

Zelinnia about jumped out of her skin and she slammed the book closed. She fell out of her chair and scooted back. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I just... it was an accident!"

Elunara sighed as she picked up the book. "Zelinnia, you really don't want to read this."

She swallowed and sat up. "What... is it?" She shook her head. "It looks grotesque." 

"You should know by now, that I have spent my entire life figuring out the male body. How to bring it pleasure and how to bring it pain. You also know I'm a mission specialist and that I have done some... bizarre things in my search for the truth. What you don't know, is that I have also perfected more than a few torture techniques. Most of which have been used in plenty of interrogations. I have kept extensive notes on this as well. This book holds everything I know that can make a man suffer endless agony. I have killed men and taken apart their bodies to find information, and I have gathered it in here. There is a couple more like this. I've been at it a long time. All for the good of the Alliance." 

Elunara ran her hand over the cover. "I haven't actually used anything in these books in years. Not since they silently decommissioned me in favor of keeping Grogek in check. What worries me is that Kathleen has pages from these books. The only other people aware of the existence of these is the uppers at the SI:7." With a sigh she held the book out. "You may read it if you wish."

"Ah, no. No thank you." Zelinnia waved her hand. "So that's what you showed Renwa the other day. But why would Kathleen have them? And what is she going to do with them?"

Elunara shook her head and tucked the book back in its hiding place. "I don't know, but she threatens her own brother with them."

"Ew." 

"A disturbing turn of events, honestly." Elunara held out a hand. "Come on, let's clean up your mess, and then go speak to Renwa." 

"Zelinnia is in danger, and until we can figure out what to do about John and Kathleen, she shouldn't be by herself."

"I agree." Renwa nodded.

Zelinnia sighed. "But if I'm to be escorted everywhere, doesn't that make me look guilty of something?"

Elunara shrugged. "We break it up. Every guard in this town that I personally vet must keep you in view at all times. They do not have to walk beside you, but rather know where you are."

"Who are you suggesting?"

"Gerald has excellent spotting skills, Jerry and Louis are weaker, but their hearts are in the right place. Mark has proven himself capable. We can expand as we figure out who is not in on this dumb little teenage plot. I wish I could use a contact in SI:7. I'd love to have an eye on Kathleen."

"What about the Night Elf pair?"

"Oh, Vivi and Linal?" Elunara considered. "Yes, Vivi is highly adept at recon. I'll include them as well."

Zelinnia skimmed a fingernail down the papers on her desk. She pulled out several, shuffled them around and then handed them to Renwa. She then went for another pile and tugged out a sheet. 

"Don't forget we have a bunch of new people coming through the ports in a few days."

Renwa flipped through the papers. "She has a point." He grinned. "See? You're helpful."

She blushed. 

"I'm going to call a meeting with Grogek and Jordan, just so we can get all of this down." 

"I have another mild problem that Zelinnia pointed out." 

"Oh?"

"Jordan is in love with me."

Renwa's eyes widened. "I thought Zelinnia was kidding."

"She brought me the evidence and I have to agree with her."

"Oh, that IS a problem."

"I find it interesting that I have such a photographic memory that can near perfectly recreate a scene, but Zelinnia's reading memory is so spectacular that she noticed things I didn't see in my own papers."

"How... fascinating." He considered Zelinnia in a new light.

"Maybe they're right." Zelinnia grumped. "I'm just a trade off for Elunara." 

"Please don't say something like that, it breaks my heart." Renwa frowned. 

"Sorry."

Elunara laughed. "Sweetie, it just means we get along because we're so alike. We understand each other."

"I'll get a runner to gather the people we need." Renwa stood up. 

"Someone wants to hurt Zelinnia?" Jerry frowned. "But why? She's so nice!"

"I'm still sorry I thought you were a thief." Mark turned red. "And embarrassed you so badly."

"Can we not mention that?" Zelinnia mumbled.

Grogek had opted to stand outside, since his bulk took up most of the room. It was decided that Renwa needed a bigger office if Zelinnia was to have her own desk. 

"The persons in question are Kathleen and her brother John. At this time, Elunara believes that John isn't a threat, but could become one if his sister presses him to do so."

"I know those two." Louis popped up. "Kathleen is nasty. Like, seriously. She's not dangerous and terrifying like Elunara, but she wants to be. Thinks she is."

"Aw, I feel the love." Elunara grinned.

Louis flushed. "I... didn't mean it like that."

"So why has Kathleen set her sights on Zelinnia?" Gerald cocked his head to the side. "Oh, I'm aware of them too. In fact, I have smacked him in the head for some of his comments about Zelinnia, but I don't see how his gossip opinions mean anything."

"First off," Elunara sighed. "They aren't his opinions. Not if what I heard has any indication. She gives him things to say."

"Ok, but that still doesn't explain it." 

"Second of all, Kathleen wants Renwa to marry her. Third, Zelinnia is dating Renwa. Therefore, Zelinnia is in her way, and she thinks rumors and speculation will help her in her ultimate plan."

"What, is she twelve?" Gerald wrinkled his nose. 

"No, but she has personal leverage against her brother."

Gerald snorted, "What could she possibly have on him?"

"My hidden papers." 

"Wait, you mean...?"

"Yes."

"Ok, ew." Gerald shuddered. 

"What hidden papers?" Asked Jerry. 

"Sorry, sugar, you're not high enough on the chain to have that information, nor will you ever want to." 

"Trust me on that." Gerald shuddered and shook his head. "But, how could she get those? The only known copies are in SI:7. Well, I guess you'd have kept a copy."

"Right, doesn't explain where she got them." Elunara shrugged. 

"So I'm to track this tart?" Vivi wrinkled her nose. 

"Unfortunately. You'll have to establish her patterns before going in for anything substantial; she's a bit of an unknown." Elunara frowned.

"I can tell you that John trains down in the yard during most days, but often cops out because he takes care of his sister. They have claimed all this time that she has a medical condition leaving her quite delicate, and he misses a lot of days to take care of her." Gerald scratched his neck. "Then at night, when he can get free, he usually goes drinking and runs his mouth with all kinds of bizarre speculations. Unfortunately, he can be very charismatic when he wants to."

"Well, I keep seeing that awful bonnet peering around buildings. Since I've been walking with Renwa, I see her more and more." Zelinnia blushed when all eyes turned on her.

"I suspect that when John is down at training, Kathleen goes spying." Said Gerald. 

"At this time, all we know is that Kathleen is unstable and untrustworthy. I worry that, once her rumors peter out and die, she'll up her ante. I don't want Zelinnia hurt, because some little girl has a fantasy crush."

"Should we start perimeter at your house, Elunara?" This from Linal.

"Actually..." Elunara began. 

"Zelinnia has moved in with me." Renwa finished for her. All eyes shifted back and forth between Zelinnia who was trying to make herself smaller, and Renwa.

"I wonder if Kathleen is aware of this." Gerald frowned. "I could make her escalate." 

"That's why we're having this meeting. Nothing must happen to Zelinnia." Elunara nodded. 

Gerald sat down at the bar. "Give me something mild tonight." 

"Spotting?" The bartender slid him a drink. 

"I just need to keep my head tonight." 

"Gotcha." 

"Crazy John been in tonight?"

"Not yet, but I bet he'll be in soon." 

"Yeah, I figured." 

"Five gold says he'll give us something new tonight." 

"You know something I don't?"

"I live next to them. Wish I had an ear in that building, but I can tell you, she's been breaking shit again."

"Is that so? How do you know he's not breaking something on her?"

He shook his head. "There's something in her harpy screeching that chills my blood. It's not fear, believe me. It's pure rage."

"Think it's as he says? The frailty gets to her, makes her crazy?" 

"That chick is no frailer than I am, buddy." 

"Hmm. I'll take your bet, even if it is loaded."

The bartender laughed. He straightened out. "Hey, you don't think there's something to his stories, do you?"

"Which part?"

"That the Blood Elf is a spy."

"You doubt The Whore?" Gerald raised an eyebrow. 

"Not... exactly." He sighed. "Does she still go by that? I hate using that code these days."

He shrugged. "She told me once, that the more you use it, the less meaning it has. She wants all meaning erased from the word."

"And to leave it with the meaning she gave it. Yeah, I get it." He gave another sigh. "Well, there's Crazy John now." 

Gerald walked over with his drink in hand and sat down. "You're looking rough, man."

"Ugh, this world doesn't agree with me. Ina says something I ate is tearing up my insides."

"Rough. I bet having to care for your sister at the same time is troublesome." 

"Eh, it's ok. Lately she's been mooning over some guy. Takes up all her time. She leaves me alone, mostly." 

"Well, who?"

"If I knew that, it'd have already slapped a bow on her and ran." 

Gerald laughed. "I imagine you would." 

"I love my sister, but she gives me a goddamned headache." John reached for the mug and began chugging it.

"Ever wonder if the thing making you ill is the alcohol?" Gerald sipped his own drink. 

"Gods I hope not. I don't know how I'd survive the day."

Several guys came in and took seats around the table. Gerald gave a small nod to Linal. 

"Hey John," Said a burly man Gerald recognized as Tim. "Whatcha got for us today?"

"Who's the Night Elf?"

Tim hit Linal in the arm. "This is the guy that knew Elunara before she was a mission specialist. Says he has heard of her reputation, but never learned the details." 

"You fuck her too?"

Linal shook his head. "No. I knew her before she'd even started." 

"Damn, I'm impressed." He chugged. "How long ago was this?" John took another drink. 

"Fifty years."

John spit out his mouthful. "How old is she?"

Linal furrowed his brow. "In her fifties, nearing sixty."

"You're telling us that she's an old granny?"

"To our kind she's barely more than a child. We're still expected to live past our two hundreds, even with our source gone." 

"Damn." John blinked. 

The waitress set down the tray of drinks and doled them out. 

"I wonder if Blood Elves have the same thing going." 

Linal shook his head. "Blood Elves were corrupted by their thirst for magic; they have a significantly lower life expectancy." 

"They're addicted to magic? Yeah, I think I heard something like that before. That's probably why she's doing it."

"Doing what?" asked another. 

By time Gerald helped John home, he desperately wanted a bath. Kathleen had been all fluttering with worry, but there was an angry fury beneath it. He met Linal at the end of the alley. 

"That was disturbing." Linal shook his head. 

"Well, if they have anything to say tonight, Vivi can handle it." Gerald rolled his shoulder. 

"I feel bad for Zelinnia. She's so sweet."

"Yeah, but vultures go after the weak ones first."

Gerald waited until Zelinnia left the building, before slipping in to Renwa's office and giving his report. 

"Some days I regret that we cannot jail someone for their opinions." Renwa's knuckles were white. "Thank you for saving your report until after she'd left." 

"We feel bad for her. She's a very nice girl." Gerald looked out the window. "In fact, we're all hoping it works out."

Renwa grinned. "I intend to make it."

She felt like she was running a race of check points. Even just to grab a bite at Tippy's, she ran into Jerry, then Louis, then Mark, and finally Jerry again. They wanted to besmirch her reputation, not kill her. With a sigh, she sat down at the table and waited for her sandwich. 

"Oh, but I can't! I just can't!" 

Zelinnia startled and looked backwards. Bonnet was standing there, stomping her foot and fluttering her fan. 

"Katy, can we not?" 

"I can't eat at a place that would serve HER!" She pointed at Zelinnia.

"Now see here..." Tippy put her hands on her hips. "I will not have you harassing that poor girl in my establishment." 

"Poor GIRL?" Kathleen shrieked. "The HORDE killed my parents! I would think that I get precedence here! I was in this town first!"

Tippy softened her voice. "Yes, I know the Horde took your parents, but Zelinnia is NOT Horde."

"Once a Horde, ALWAYS a Horde." Kathleen snapped her fan down. "I know what that little slut is doing to our town. She spreads it for the General and now we all have to listen to her! Well, I'm not buying it!" 

Zelinnia shrank down, the heat spreading quickly through her face. 

"Kathleen..." Tippy's voice lowered in warning. "I will have none of that here."

"We ALL know it!" Kathleen pointed at Zelinnia. "Trained by the original whore." 

The loud crack echoed through the building. Tippy stood there, huffing and puffing, hand in the air. "How DARE you!" 

Kathleen was holding her face in shock.

Zelinnia saw her opening and took off running, brushing past the massive bonnet and flounces. She did not stop until she found herself curled up in Renwa's bed, hiding under the blankets. 

"Sir!" Jerry gasped and doubled over. 

"You are to knock before entering." He said mildly. 

"It's Zelinnia." 

Renwa bolted out of his chair. "What happened? Where is she?" 

"In your apartment." He took a deep breath and straightened. "Sir, Kathleen showed up at Tippy's and started saying some disgusting things... Tippy cracked her across the face though."

"I knew I liked that woman." Renwa muttered as he pushed past Jerry. 

He didn't know what was worse, the sobbing from before, or the dead silence that met him. He saw her shift, but not much else. Dumping his gear on the floor, he approached the bed. Gently he placed a hand on her side. 

"Zelinnia? Talk to me, sweetheart."

She shuddered and he briefly wondered if she'd fallen asleep. He tugged the blanket back. Yes, the silence was much worse. She had cried so hard that her face was nearly purple. She had been reduced to shuddered breathing. 

"Sweetheart, you're going to have to breathe at some point. And if you don't, I'm going to try and do it for you, and I don't think it will work out all that well."

She gave a shaky laugh. "You're weird."

He kissed both cheeks. "Please, talk to me."

"Gods, I hate that horrid woman." Zelinnia curled up tighter. "She said such awful things in front of all those people."

He brushed his fingers in her hair. "I'm sorry sweetheart; you know none of it is true."

"I don't care if it's true or not. She still said it where other people could hear it."

He pressed his lips to hers and ran his fingers across her chin. "It doesn't matter anymore. Let me make it better." He whispered. 

She held her arms out. "Johnathan." She whispered

Pressing his mouth back to hers, he shoved the blanket out of the way. He yanked off his shirt and climbed in bed beside her. With a gentle tug, he began removing her dress. His arms came around her, and she wrapped her legs with his. 

"Please." She whispered. "Fill me." 

He groaned against her mouth, as he pulled off his pants and pushed her over. Slipping in between her leg, he slipped himself into those warm wet folds. Trailing his mouth across her chin and down into the curve of her neck, he lost himself in the feel of her. "My beauty, they could never make you less than you are. He murmured. 

"Just having you for myself is enough." She groaned. 

Turning over, he pulled her on top of him. He grinned up at her and placed his hands on her breasts. "Do you know how mad you drive me?" 

"Couldn't possibly be as much as you make me." She leaned down and licked his chest. 

He chuckled. "We're a pair, aren't we?"

"Something that bitch will never understand." Zelinnia captured Renwa's mouth for her own.

Kathleen slammed her bonnet into the ground. Thinking better of it, she picked it up and fluffed it out, hanging it neatly on the rack. "That foul bitch." She examined her face in the mirror. "It better not bruise." 

"Dammit, Kathleen, Tippy's was the best place to eat; did you have to pitch such a fit?" John sighed as he sunk down in the chair. 

"When I'm the General's wife, that bitch is being shipped to the middle of nowhere. I don't care where; she can't stay in MY town."

"If you become the General's wife." He grumbled. 

"Excuse me?" She growled at him. 

"I TOLD you to not openly insult Elunara." He shook his head. "The entire town either worships her, or is completely terrified of her. Even General Grogek marches along like a puppy." He rubbed his temple. "You saw what she did to Terrance, and Renwa just stood there and watched her. Openly insulting Elunara is a death sentence." 

"Oh Gods, you sound like one of them." Kathleen rolled her eyes. 

"I'm just sayin'." 

"Well, she'll be the first thing I get rid of, THEN that Tippy."

John stood up. "I'm going out."

"Excuse me?"

"Well, I got to keep up your dirty work." He snorted.
