 Elunara was drawing beneath the tree on the hill, when Jordan appeared. 

"Is it ok to sit?"

She smiled. "It always is. I enjoy the company." 

Jordan sat down, and Darguni crawled into his lap.

"Oh, hey."

"He likes people. You should visit more often." She ran her hand on the soft fuzz of Darguni's head. "Jordan." 

"oren?"

"Close enough, my little love." 

Jordan played with him. "He really is adorable." He sighed. 

"Why are you here Jordan?"

"Huh?" 

She shook her head. "Don't play dumb. You and I both know you've never done this."

He frowned. "You told me to figure out what I wanted. I decided that, for the immediate need, I just wanted to be beside you. I thought, perhaps..." He nodded. "Perhaps if I spent more time in your company, then I would figure out if it's something worth doing." 

"I can't fault your logic." She shrugged and returned to her work. 

He resisted the urge to play with her hair. Instead he focused on entertaining the baby. "Renwa and Zelinnia, it just seems so illogical, and yet you look at them and they're perfect for each other." 

"Mm, I agree." 

"I guess nothing seems odd in your world view." 

She laughed. "People who avoid their hearts are an oddity to me."

He winced. "I guess I deserve that."

"You're not the only person that could refer to, dear." 

"Yeah." He pushed a lock of her hair back behind her ear. Realizing what he'd done, he dropped his hand and stared at the child. 

"It has always been my belief that a person should seek out that which they desire most. Even if the object of their affections turns out to be less than expected, at least they took the time to find it. This belief is why I never fit in among my own kind. I was not willing to conform to the standards set out before me. I made who I am work for me in the end, and that's the important part." 

"Are you trying to tell me we wouldn't be compatible?"

She shook her head. "Jordan, the things I know about you, could probably fill a teacup. I can't tell you if we'd be compatible or not. What I am saying, is that I think you should see this through, but don't be disappointed if you find something you dislike. I'm no one's fantasy, Jordan. Renwa can tell you that."

"I know you're not." He stared down at Grogek. "But I have convinced myself that... seeing this through, will be the answer I'm looking for."

"All I ask," Elunara put a hand over his. "Is that, no matter what happens, you will stay. Renwa would be crushed if you left, especially if he finds out it was over me."

He took her hand into his and kissed the back of it. "I promise."

"Dude..." Andrew frowned up the hill. "Is Captain Jordan putting the moves on Elunara?"

Joseph shook his head in disbelief. "It sure likes like it. Wonder if General Grogek noticed." 

Andrew shrugged. "No idea, man. This could get ugly."

The gesture did not go unnoticed by Grogek. Only Elunara would have recognized the makings of a smile on his face. The bangle remained on her arm, where it had been since it'd been given to her. He didn't need to see that subtle reminder that she belonged to him. Tulani held a special place in his heart, but Elunara was his soul mate. Regardless of how hers branched. 

Jordan had no idea why he was standing in the center of Elunara's house, staring at her things, but he was. He wandered around, looking at the amazing pictures on the wall. It didn't matter that most of them were naked men, they were remarkably well done and no detail over looked. He was fairly certain that each individual hair on their bodies was even placed correctly.

She had left a shirt hanging over the back of her chair. He picked it up and breathed deeply. No one smelled like Elunara. He ran his fingers along the back of her books. Tulani's desk was very neat and organized, even the little pins and needles lined up in a row. But Elunara's was messy. Some of the papers were left out and he pushed them aside, surprised to see her working on the casual portrait of him. In fact, it made him happy to see that there were quite a few. "I wish he'd smile more." She'd written in a corner. 

He looked in the baby's room and was delighted to see the portraits she'd chosen to hang, and of course, the pictures of silly little animals that children so often loved. It wasn't his intention to have any, but it wouldn't bother him to be in Darguni's life. He stepped back in to find a furious Elunara approaching the baby's door. She stopped and blinked at him. 

"Oh, Jordan. I thought someone had broken in."

"I'm sorry, you said I could read your books, and I was looking at the pictures you drew. I really like your sabre cat pictures."

"Yeah, they'll always have a special place in my heart." She laughed. "I left poor Yondre in Darnassus. I haven't seen her since."

"You were a hunter?"

She shook her head. "Mount."

"Oh." He walked around the room. "I'm not interrupting, am I? I wasn't sure and your sign wasn't out."

"No, I just came back from a consult." She began tucking papers away. 

He watched her as she tucked the papers away, organizing them in her way, putting things together, and changing arrangements. She emptied her board of used pages and tucked them neatly away. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, did you want a book?"

"I... I hadn't gotten that far yet."

She raised an eyebrow. "Is that so?" She sighed and pushed away the board. "Jordan, why are you here?" 

"I..."

"If you're not honest with me, this will never work." 

He scratched at the back of his head. "I guess I just wanted to understand you. Not in whatever is written in those things, but the now you." He shook his head. "It sounds stupid, because I will need to read those eventually, but that's not what I wanted... I kind of want to see how I would fit into your life, if that's where we go."

She crossed her arms and considered him. "Fair enough. What did you want to know?"

"I guess... what is your routine?"

She laughed. "Well, that's complicated." She tapped a finger to her cheek. "Well, Grogek usually wakes first and gets ready for work; then Tulani most of the time, because she's just so damned efficient. I'll get out of bed and watch them. A kiss good bye and Grogek hauls out his axe. Then Tulani and I discuss who'd taking Darguni while he's fed his breakfast. There's a place for him up at the tailor shop, or maybe I take him. A kiss good bye and she heads off to the tailor's. After that I either have a free day in which I work on my art, wherever I decide to take it, or I have an appointment, either here or at their place of choosing. Depending on my mood, I might have appointments all day or one or two. When the day is done, I'm usually home first, Tulani next, followed by Grogek. Sometimes, if she had a big order, Tulani might be later. Then, Either Tulani and I have our special sessions," She winked. "Or Tulani works on her sewing while Grogek and I have our special sessions. We usually collapse in the bed, and Tulani heads to hers." 

He listened with avid interest. "Wait, Tulani has her own bed?"

"When she first joined us, sleeping in the same bed as Grogek made her nightmares worse. It was just better for her to have her own bed."

"Tulani has nightmares?"

"Not so much anymore. She does from time to time when something is upsetting her." 

"Does... she ever... join you two?"

"Fairly often." Elunara shrugged. "She has absolutely no interest in men, but she will participate with me if she is feeling frisky with it."

"Huh." 

"No one but Grogek and I occupy the big bed. It's kind of sacred. Tulani is allowed on it, and has been known to crawl into it if she has a nightmare that didn't wake me up first. She usually returns to her own bed as soon as she can."

"I understand that." He murmured. He stared at the monster sized bed. Finally, he shook his head. "I wouldn't be comfortable in that one anyway."

She raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. 

"I'm not sure what I hoped to accomplish." He frowned. 

She laid a hand on his arm. "Well, you tried, and that's something." 

He brushed the back of his fingers on her cheek. "Sometimes, I lie in bed and think about you." He whispered. "It never occurred to me why, until you were taken from us." 

A knock on the door shattered the moment. Elunara opened the door. 

"You have to come; a messenger from the King himself has arrived with some boxes!" 

Elunara and Jordan looked at each other before following the man to the center of town. There a messenger wearing the royal crest was flanked by two large boxes. When he was satisfied that everyone was present, he held up a paper. 

"I am to read this message first." He cleared his throat. "Forgive me for this has taken longer than it should, time is warped between us. It has occurred to me that I may have been hasty in my actions previously. This is to correct an over sight. Signed, King Varian Wyrnn." The man put the paper away as everyone began murmuring to themselves. He pulled out another paper. "It is my royal decree that I promote General Johnathan Renwa to the Rank of Admiral, and all duties implied. It is also by Royal decree that based on previous records; I promote Captain Jordan Shryke to title of General. May you both use them in good health. I expect both of you, in the harshness of your environments; figure out your roles on your own. Enjoy the new armor that will reflect your rank and positions. P.S. To the now Admiral Renwa: Congratulations on your impending nuptials to the Blood Elf Zelinnia." The man handed both sheets of paper to Renwa. 

"I must be going now." He saluted and then followed the two guards. 

Elunara snickered. "Admiral Renwa. I never thought I'd see the day." She whacked him on the back. 

"Does this change anything?" Zelinnia peered over his shoulder. 

"Only in Stormwind." He murmured. 

"I'm a General?" Jordan squeaked.

"General Jordan does sound kind of weird." Elunara nodded. 

Grogek whacked Jordan on the back. "You earned it before I did." 

"Sugarbear, you're going to give the poor boy a heart attack." 

Grogek laughed. "If he can't take anything I dish out, he's not worthy." Grogek's words were loaded with meaning. 

Jordan flushed and straightened his back. 

Renwa pointed at a few of the men. "Get these crates to our quarters, as labeled."

"That stupid box is going to take up half our room." Zelinnia put her hands on her hips. 

"Good thing we break ground tomorrow."

Elunara grinned. "At the rate this town can get something done, it'll be finished by the next day."

Gerald leaned over. "Let's see if we can get it done by night." 

True to their word, the entire town seemed to show up first thing in the morning. Crews were divided up, tasks were given, and the General's office and apartment were taken down, the wood reclaimed and the Admiral's new house and side office were put in. Elunara suggested taller ceilings in the office, so Grogek could actually stand. A hasty extra office was attached for General Jordan to have his own place near the Admiral. 

"Like Wyrnn said, we'll figure out our own dynamic." Renwa nodded. 

The building was up in record time, though a few people wondered at the strange extra doodads Elunara had added to the design. 

Zelinnia scooted over to Elunara. "What's with these two straps hanging from the door frame?" She whispered.

Elunara grinned. "Hand holds."

The other woman blushed. "Oh."

A man with a large spread of paper came over to Elunara. "Listen, I know this is a custom job, but I just don't get why this banister needs to be reinforced in such a way." 

She pulled the blueprint paper out of his hand and frowned at it. "You're right, it needs more." She tugged out a pencil and added a couple of extra lines.

"Well, that's just way too much." He frowned. 

"It has to support the weight of two, and I calculated the weight of armor in there, just in case..." She pointed.

"Whatever for?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Save me from the innocent."

"I am not... OH! Ohhhhh...." He stared at the banister. "I see."

She put her hands on her hips. "You better see. I'm going to need WAY more reinforcement on my house. Grogek is massive." 

The man flushed and scooted away. 

Zelinnia just stared at Elunara. "My soul, did you design the entire house to be fucked in?"

She shrugged. "Why wouldn't I?"

Zelinnia put a hand to her head. "You're right; I forgot who I was talking to."

Gerald won his bet about getting the house up by night fall. "Just in time for the happy couple to christen it." He grinned. Fifty gold he'd made on that bet. 

Pantries had been installed, bathrooms designed, and of course, plenty of doors. 

Renwa ran a hand on the front door. "I know that most of the parts had been manufactured and set aside for this day, but that was the most efficient thing I have ever seen." 

"Elunara has rigged the entire place." Zelinnia shook her head. 

"Is that so?" He grinned. 

"Um, I should tell you..." Zelinnia blushed. "I had them put your apartment door right here. Since... you know." She giggled nervously. "And I got some weird looks, but your old office door is now our bedroom door."

"Why Zelinnia, I didn't know you were so sentimental." He grinned

"I kind of like that door." She mumbled. "Anyway, Elunara bartered us a bigger bed, she said what we had just wasn't adequate."

"I think we should give it a test run." He had a twinkle in his eye that made her blush deeper.

"If you say so, Admiral." 

Elunara was sitting under the tree, board in her lap. Grogek slipped in behind her, wrapping him arms around her waist and kissing her neck. 

"Where is Darguni?"

"Tulani took him to the shop today. My appointment cancelled. Flu bug."

"Nasty." He contented himself with licking her neck. 

She leaned back against him comfortably. "We haven't done this in awhile."

"Mm, no we haven't." He slipped a hand up her shirt. "I saw you up here all by yourself, and I just had to come... enjoy your company." His other hand slipped down her pants. "Mine." He whispered. 

"Always." She breathed, as she pressed back against him. 

He ran his fingers through her soft folds, his teeth scraping down her shoulder. He slipped one finger inside, and pressed her hips against himself. 

She slipped her hand back behind her and rubbed against his erection. "I almost regret that we agreed to keep our outdoor activities to the south orchard at night." 

He grinned. "Perhaps tonight we make a visit." 

"I like that plan."

He began to move his finger in and out of her, teasing her nipple with his other hand. "Come for me, my little she wolf." 

Jordan sighed. He leaned against the post, watching the pair on the hill. They had never been known for subtlety in their relationship. She was beautiful, with that look on her face. He wished he had caused it. 

Grogek came back down the hill, clearly satisfied with himself. He leaned to Gerald, before walking away. Gerald's spine straightened and he took off. Jordan frowned. The south orchard would be busy tonight. 

He didn't know what he was doing here. This was a game for immature children. Gerald already had his betting ring going on the other hill. Jordan wished he's listened to his head and not his groin on this one. Even as Grogek buried himself into Elunara, Jordan wanted to trade places. His mind wandered back to that day, when Renwa practically ordered him to Elunara's home. Enjoying her had made him feel foul and guilty. When Grogek entered the room, he knew it was all over. 

Jordan watched the pair with fascination. Their stamina was legendary, but he'd never actually seen one of these sessions before. The accidental glimpse he had gotten that time before was nothing compared to the full assault. Both he and Renwa knew full well what happened in the south orchard, but like everything else Elunara brought in, it was just accepted. He knew his heart was hers and every reason for it. He had tried, somewhat desperately, to find attraction in the other women of town. There were even a few who had tried to seduce him, but he recognized Elunara's methods, and they became a poor and undesirable substitute. 

"Fuck her." Grogek had said. He had wanted it so badly, that... even though she was spread across her lover, he couldn't keep his hands off her. It had been humiliation that kept him away from her. He tore his eyes away from the scene down below and headed back into town. He found himself at Elunara's door, and knocked. 

Tulani opened the door and eyed him with surprise. "Elunara is..."

"At the south orchard, I know." He shook his head. "Can I look through her books?"

Tulani moved back to let him in. "She told me you might ask for them." 

He started running his hands on the bindings. 

"Are you looking for a certain one?"

"Ah... yeah, before you arrived."

She ran her hands down and tugged a book barely out. "That's where I start."

"Thank you." He started with the book before it and kept looking until he found what he wanted. He held up the book. "I'm going to borrow this."

"Alright, I'll..." He closed the door. "Let her know." Tulani finished, frowning at the door. 

He ran back to his room as if he'd stolen the thing. Locking himself in, he was glad he'd taken his armor off earlier. He sat in his bed and opened the book. He was amazed at the level of detail she had. She described the encounter completely, but the drawings... He ran his hand over the page. Curious, he started from the beginning of the book and didn't stop until he'd read the whole thing. 

She had felt guilty at his discomfort. While he was feeling guilty for taking advantage of her vulnerable state, she had felt bad that she'd made him feel awkward. He read the book over and over. He didn't care about the men she had pleasured in her search for entertainment. Now that he had read this one, he wondered about all of them. He sat it down on his bed stand and stared at the ceiling. 

Thinking about that day, as he often had since; he slipped his hand over his already hardening dick. He envied Grogek so damned much. He was able to slip into those soft wet folds, caress those beautiful nipples. Jordan fantasized about the taste and feel of them. That one day was forever etched in his mind. Gods, how could a woman who spends so much time spread out like she was, still be so damned tight?

The heat rose within him. Tonight was almost awful, watching her display herself for all to see. His free hand found the book and he opened it again, flipping to another night like this. She loved it, every moment of it; wanted as many people to see as she could get. But why? He wondered. What about being a spectacle made her so hot and bothered? He had to get his hands on the rest.

He had to get his hands on Elunara. It was driving him crazy, laying here, wishing his hand was her sliding down, his hands gripping that beautiful ass. Gods, Grogek could watch for all he cared. The whole goddamned town could watch. 

He wiped his hand on his shirt and sighed. Dropping the book back on his nightstand, he felt he should be ashamed of himself. He was lusting after someone else's wife, even if that wife WAS Elunara. She'd just get a kick out of it. His mood soured, thinking of her laughing at him. Except Elunara just wasn't that mean, and he kind of deserved to be laughed at. Staring at the book, he considered. 

He'd never be happy just being played with, like one of her appointments, but he didn't want to take her away from Grogek either. No matter how Tulani played into the whole thing, she wasn't even on the edge of his mind. He would always respect Tulani, and anything having to do with Elunara involved Tulani. How could he puzzle himself into their lives? And was Elunara even willing to let him?
