 Elunara narrowed her eyes as she took the book from Jordan. "Next time, wipe it off." 

"I'm sorry, I was afraid of damaging the cover." He blushed. 

She shook her head and let him in. "Well, if you're going to borrow my books like that, I'll just have to show you have to clean them." She pointed a finger at him. "When the mess happens, NOT after it has time to get sticky." 

His embarrassment deepened. "Sorry." He mumbled.

She shrugged. "You're not the first; which is why I had to develop a method." 

"I've decided to read more." He scratched the back of his head. "I don't know if I'll ever have the time to get to all of them." 

She shrugged. "If you just want fap material, I could assemble you some pages a little more suited to your taste." She flipped open the book. Her eyebrow shot up. "I see why you started here." 

He fidgeted his feet. "I want to learn how I could fit in." He bit his lip. "If you'd let me, anyway."

Her eyebrows rose. "You're really set on this." She said quietly.

"I'm sorry; I'll stop if you want me to." 

"I just have to wonder why." 

He relaxed some. "I've spent years trying to understand my feelings towards you. In the past couple, it's gotten more muddied. In the last year, I've watched you with some fascination. You eat at me. At first it made me angry, like you had this huge joke over my head. Then I realized I don't even blip on your radar. You weren't actively trying to drive me crazy, you just weren't aware of it. Grogek wasn't even holding you over my head, I just wasn't there either. Both of these illusions gone, I just watched." He reached out and played with her hair. "I kept thinking that it was just a stupid phase. I would get over it. Admittedly, every time I came to the point that I was going to bed one of the town's other women, I would pull back. Why be so cruel to her, when she'd never be enough?" 

He shook his head and dropped his hand. "Then I was angry at myself, because this stupidity was bordering on obsession. I've tried and I've tried to find some other alternative. I've almost left several times. Then you said what you did to me the other day, and it seemed to all fall in place. I've decided to take your advice. Because in the end, I would rather try and be disappointed, than sit and wonder what COULD have happened."

Elunara laughed. "Good man." 

He brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek. "What I've got so far, is that I don't want to take you from Grogek. In fact, I don't want to change your family dynamic all that much. What I do want is your genuine affection. Not some fantasy you play out for me. I have also decided, that I don't care who in town knows that."

"You play a dangerous game there. The town could take this whole mess completely wrong."

"I don't give a damn. In fact, why do you?" He frowned.

She laughed. "Sweetheart, I haven't given a damn about what other people think of me for the past thirty years, and I'm not about to start now. I just don't want your reputation ruined for me." 

He snorted. "Right now, my reputation is a coward. You're not the first to think I'm in love with Renwa. Women who think I gave up at the bed because I was gay. I was just surprised you thought it. I've had Jerry AND Louis come to me at different times and suggests recruits who thought I was attractive." He ran his hands through his hair. "I thought that YOU of all people would understand I was straight." 

She gave a small laugh. "Oh Jordan, you've made yourself into quite the mess." 

"All I've really wanted to do; was seduce you." He pressed his lips to hers and slid his hands across her hips. 

She sat the book down on the desk and moved her hands to his shoulders. 

He pulled her body to his, wrapping his arms around her, as one hand went down to her ass, the other went up her back. He groaned at the feeling of her skin in his hands. Her fingers ran through his hair as his found hers. The devoured each other. With his other hand he pressed her pants down, sliding his middle finger down the crack of her ass. 

"Please." Was a jagged whisper from him. 

"Take me." She whispered back to his mouth.

He yanked up her shirt, pulling it free from her body. Wrapping his arms around her, he buried himself in her breasts. He slid his tongue up between them and was pleased by her groan. His hands went down and freed her of her pants. She stepped forward, wrapping her body with his. His mouth met hers as his hands roamed around, enjoying the feeling of her flesh in his hands. It was the fulfillment of a dream, made all the sweeter by a lack of disappointment. No, this was exactly what he wanted. With haste, he pulled off his own shirt, eager to feel the skin of her breasts pressed against his hardened chest.

She pushed at him and pointed to a bed on the wall. "That one."

He nodded and returned his mouth to hers. Even wrapped up in her, he was able to walk them both back to the bed. He lay her down and quickly pulled out of his pants, climbing in on top of her. He pressed his mouth to hers and wrapped his body with her, but did not enter. Shifting his body, he enjoyed the feeling of her skin brushing up against his. She arched against him, encouraging him to enter, but he abstained for now, wanting to memorize the moment. 

When at last he decided to answer, even she had to be impressed by his discipline and control. He teased and tormented both of them with just the head, before sliding, inch by glorious inch into her. When he was at last deep enough, he groaned. "Oh, Baby." He whispered to her, the love in his heart pouring out of each word. She was amused by the affection, but it pulled at her heart. 

"Jordan." She murmured as she ran her hand up gently up his neck. 

"Please." He whimpered. "Baby, don't..."

"I'm not going to push you away." She whispered. She pulled his head down to hers and pressed her lips to his. "I think I'm ok with this." She said at last. 

The tension seemed to go out of his body, as he whispered, "Oh, Thank the Gods." He almost wept with relief. After a moment, he began to move his hips, mouth anchored to hers. When she arched against him, dragging her nails across his back, he nearly exploded inside. 

He kissed her face all over and buried his face in her shoulder. "I won't let you down." He whispered. 

She laughed and ran her fingers through his hair. "Jordan, you are a mystery."

"Even to myself." He took her free hand and kissed the knuckles.

By time they were dressed and he was set to walk out, he was bouncing on his toes. She had to sigh. "Try to keep reasonable expectations."

He kissed her cheek. "You're a married woman who already has a lover; I just want to join them." He grinned. 

"As long as we stay on that page." 

He nodded. "I'll bring your book back, clean this time."

"Damned well better, or I make you LICK the thing." 

He laughed and opened the door. Grogek blinked at him. Jordan bowed. "You will always come first." He then smiled and waved, before he ran off.

"Was that Jordan?" Grogek shook his head. "I didn't recognize him with the goofy look on his face. What happened?"

She sighed and leaned against the door. "I do believe I just agreed to be wooed." 

"Are you certain you want to encourage him?"

She shrugged. "I told him to be aware that this might end miserably. He used my own words against me." She grinned. "He'd rather try and fail, than wonder what might have happened."

Grogek nodded and dropped his axe against the wall. "Good man."

Jordan met with Renwa in Renwa's new office. Zelinnia was at her desk, flipping through papers with a rapidity that made his head hurt. Renwa was meeting with some of the other controlling interests. While they debated, Jordan sat to the side, whistling to himself as he perused some of the paperwork Zelinnia had given him. 

"Jordan?" 

The delegates had left and he looked up at his closest and oldest friend with a smile. "Yep?" 

"Are you whistling?" 

"Oh, I'm sorry, was it disruptive?"

"A little, since when do you whistle?"

"Oh, sorry, I'm just in a good mood I guess."

"You." Renwa said flatly. "In a good mood?" Renwa rubbed his temple. 

"Oh, sorry." Jordan blushed. "I guess since I'm dating Elunara now..." He shrugged.

Even Zelinnia broke her paperwork trance to stare.

Renwa looked over to the Blood Elf. "Are we still getting married?"

"Yes," She said slowly. "Why?"

"Oh, good, I thought the world went mad. What with Jordan in a good mood and... DATING Elunara?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Well, she only agreed to let me last night." He flushed. 

Renwa walked to Zelinnia and wrapped his arms around her. "Hold me. As long as I got you, the world can be as crazy as it wants."

Zelinnia laughed. "Oh, you know Elunara and her strange whims."

"I thought I did." Renwa pinched his eyes shut.

"I agree, after knowing Jordan only as being dour and grumpy, this new side of him is just weird."

"Bah, the both of you can stuff it." Jordan slapped the folder closed. 

Renwa breathed a sigh of relief. "Oh, he's still in there."

Jordan flipped them both off as he stalked out of the office. After dumping his stack in his shiny new office, he headed down to the training yard, humming as he went. A few whispers attributed his good mood to being promoted. 

Grogek was standing at the head, arms crossed, axe on his back. He shook his head at the scene in front of him. Jordan stood beside him. "Busy?"

"Just observing. Have to figure out where the weak points are."

"Understood." He nodded. "I wanted to speak to you."

"Oh?" 

"I don't seek to replace you. I don't even want to compete with you."

Grogek snorted. "You really couldn't."

"Yeah. Anyway, after... that day, I felt embarrassed and humiliated. For the longest time I thought... I can't compete with that. And I envied you. Time stomped on, and Elunara has proven the kind of person she is, over and over again. Many times I tried to convince myself to leave. I can't have her; I don't deserve to have her." He sighed. "But I learned something... that Elunara never stops. When she picked up this strange business idea of hers, I fully expected..."

"That I'd get jealous, maybe even put a stop to it."

"Yeah. But nobody tells Elunara what she can and can't do. Instead, you two make it work. It's a game to her. One that no one can keep up with. You have her a thousand ways, every chance you get, and still she has the energy to have another lover, still she has the energy to burn on random men, and women. What kind of person can DO that?" He laughed. "But, there she goes again. Doesn't she get tired?"

Grogek laughed. "I've wondered that myself." He put a hand on Jordan's shoulder. "Would you like to know how she wins so often in the ring?"

"At first I thought you let her, but I've never been sure."

"Sheer fucking stamina. Even when she's losing, she has an enormous well of energy that I have never been able to outlast." Grogek re-crossed his arms. "If someone could harness that energy, they'd make an incredibly destructive weapon."

"Huh. You see, the thing is, I've always admired that woman, even if I didn't agree with her methods. She's reliable, she's vicious, and she always has room in her heart for another. I'm glad you unlocked that part of her that no one could touch, because she's become an inspiration to us all."

"I'm glad you finally see her for who she is, not what she made herself."

He shook his head. "She never let any of us try. We just weren't worthy."

"Hmm. I never thought of it that way." He held up his hands. "Roger, if you "feign left, attack right" one more goddamned time, I will come over there and lop off one of your arms. Variety, you fucking moron!" Grogek re-crossed his arms. "These new recruits suck."

"You wouldn't do that would you?"

Grogek shrugged. "Once tied a man's hand to his penis so he'd stop relying on it."

Jordan winced and shook his head. "That Tim guy has raw power, but no finesse." 

"Been standing here thinking about that, but you have a lot on your mind and I'll hear it out." 

"Thank you." He sighed. "I don't want to replace you, or Tulani, I just want... Well, I'm not entirely certain, but I just want to tap into that endless well of energy, and have some for my own. Elunara would never be satisfied with one lover, it's not in her makeup. She loves you with her whole being, and it's brilliant to look at. There's this part of me that wants her to turn that brilliance my way, if just for a little bit. I don't want to take that brilliance from you; I just want to share it. Perhaps in the same way that Tulani does."

Grogek seemed to consider this for awhile. He put a hand on Jordan's shoulder "Jordan, you're a good man. We've both said it before. Elunara once made a joke to Renwa about being a "back up husband" and he was appalled by the notion. However, I think you might consider the idea. Should anything happen to me, I am fine with this arrangement. Keep in mind, Elunara is always the final call in that decision." Grogek walked off. "TIM! GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE!" 

Jordan stared at Grogek in complete and utter shock. 

Elunara found him like that. She put a hand on his shoulder and he almost jumped out of his skin. She laughed. "Are you alright?"

He took her hand on his shoulder and kissed the top of it. "I'm better than alright." He grinned.

"What's Grogek pissed about? I heard him down the way."

"Tim's all power, no finesse. He's currently reaming him, but Tim's putting up quite the argument."

Tim snorted. "You can't even control your wife in public."

Grogek blinked and looked behind him. Jordan and Elunara were speaking casually, but Jordan had Elunara's hand. She laughed, patted him on the cheek and then disentangled herself from Jordan's grasp. She sauntered over and leaned her elbow on Grogek's shoulder. 

"This little pipsqueak harshing your craw?"

Grogek laughed. "You say the most confusing things, my love." 

"Drop your axe." She grinned. 

Knowing her game, he grinned and held up his axe. He dropped it, head down on to the ground.

"Alright, honeybuns. You've seen Grogek swing this bad boy before?" She asked. 

"Not in any REAL fashion." Tim snorted. 

Elunara raised an eyebrow. 

"We haven't sparred since he got here."

"Ah." She gestured to it. "Lift it, big boy."

He snarled at her and grabbed the axe with both hands. He tried to yank it and got nowhere. With a grunt, he readjusted and hefted it a few inches off the ground. He dropped it with a huff.

Elunara and Grogek grinned at each other. Elunara shrugged. "I'm impressed, you haven't been here long, but you budged it." She turned to Grogek. "Do we have any gold stars we can give him?" 

"I'd like to see YOU do any better, Night Elf." He sneered. 

With a shrug, she picked up the axe without effort and slung it over her shoulder. "I got a whole dance routine, you wanna see it?"

He stepped backwards. "That's a trick!"

She shrugged and dropped it back down. "Then figure out my trick." 

Tim tried over and over to lift the axe, but only got it so far. "You use magic!" 

She snorted. "Oh sugar, the only magic I use, you'll never get to see."

"I don't call being a whore, magic." 

"Hey sugar, it's THE whore, to you. And if you doubt my abilities, grab you a weapon." She went to the rack and snagged her staff. 

"With a STAFF?" He laughed. He yanked a sword off the rack. After testing the weight, he grabbed a match to it. 

"Ooh, a pair of two-handers, a fury warrior, I haven't faced one of those in awhile. Fucked one last week, but actual combat? Why it's been years." She giggled. 

"Shut up, bitch." 

"OH! Bitch!" She pointed at Tim and looked over to Grogek. "Did you work with him all week to teach him that one?" 

Grogek snorted and shook his head as he walked away. By time he wandered over to Jordan, the entire training yard was circled by people. 

Tim lunged at Elunara. She deftly moved out of the way and whacked him on the ass. "How rude, starting before the go."

He turned and growled, lunging for her again. She sidestepped him and sighed. 

"Seriously, are you even trying?"

"Stand still." He growled.

She planted her staff. "Ok, you are a complete and utter moron if you think that ANYONE is going to fucking STAND STILL in a combat situation. If you cannot handle a moving target, get your ass back to Stormwind and work on the goddamned target dummies." She held up her staff and lunged at him. She jabbed him in the belly, and brought the staff up under his chin. "That was your warning shot. Fucking ATTACK ME or go home you limp dick twit!"

He swung his swords at her, lunging and catching only air. "Cock sucking little SLUT!" 

She dodged and parried him effortlessly. "Sugar lips, if there's any dick I haven't sucked in this town, it would be yours. Try again." 

With a growl he swung wildly. 

Elunara looked to Grogek, dodging the next few swings without looking. "Sugarbear, PLEASE tell me you haven't gone soft in your methods."

"That fucking asshole thinks he doesn't have to listen to me."

"I wouldn't insult fucking by using it on him."

"Elunara." Renwa stood to the side, hands behind his back. "Could you finish the twit off, there are other men who are willing to train."

"Aw, but I got all worked up for nothing." She whacked him on the ass again. "I was promised a challenge." She whined. 

"My vicious little she-wolf, I'll give you your challenge." 

She held her hands together, stick in hand and dodged a slice. "Yeay!" She flung the staff out and caught Tim in the gut. He stumbled forward, and she hit him in the ankle and caused him to slam into the ground. She cracked him on the back of the head, and as he groaned, she grabbed him by the back of his uniform and dragged him and dropped him at Grogek's feet. 

Grogek bent down. "I should thank you; the sex tonight will be spectacular." Grogek dropped the axe on Tim's back. Tim called out and Grogek grinned. "You might want to watch closely."

Jordan reached down and hauled Tim up on his ass. "No matter how hard you train, you'll always get your ass kicked by that woman."

"Like you?" Tim snorted. 

"I'm not that pathetic." Jordan snorted. He watched in fascinated awe as Grogek and Elunara beat the living shit out of each other. He considered their aggressive nature towards each other. They did it with utmost respect and love for each other. He was aware of the night they went for hours on end, until both limped away in pain. Thinking of Tulani, he imagined the soft nature of the sweet Draenei. Theirs was a love that was beautiful and tender. Perhaps, his role lay somewhere in the middle. 

Tim sat beside him, nursing his bruises with hate in his face. Jordan decided it would be best to put Tim on watch, just in case. He was a brute, which would serve him well in the wilds of Draenor, but his attitude was complete shit. 

Grogek's axe landed at Jordan's feet. It took a bit of effort, but he hefted the axe and threw it. Grogek caught it with ease and used the side to block Elunara's foot. 

"What's the secret?" Tim grunted.

"What secret?" Jordan blinked in confusion.

"The secret to lifting that axe."

"Training. Letting Grogek beat the shit out of you until he builds your body into a well oiled machine. I may have been Captain when Grogek showed up, but every damned one of us spent time under him. Even Renwa has benefitted from his training. Grogek was born on this world, was the greatest commander under Grommash Hellscream, and trained most of the Iron Horde. When you face them, you face his work." Jordan tracked Elunara's movements. "He fell in love with that crazy bitch, and now he trains our own. His soldiers have made the deciding turn for the past couple of years." He laughed. "She has always been able to hold her own in these bouts."
