 "You don't have to play nursemaid." Jordan held his hands up.

"Ok, fine. I'll get Grogek to do it." Elunara put her hands on her hips.

"Alright, alright. Knock yourself out." He grumbled. "Besides, I like your hands on my face."

"Which is what I believe is the main reason you don't do this on your own." She smacked his hand away from his face. "You have better places to put your hands." She grabbed his wrists and moved his hands to her ass. She picked up the little jar of salve and began to rub it on his face. "I swear, if you don't take care of yourself, you'll never see the end of..." She blinked as a chunk of the scab peeled off. 

"What happened?"

She held it up with some disgust. "Well, that happened." She tossed it in the wastebasket. Running her face over the spot, she smiled. "Now, that healed nicely." Reaching over, she snagged his mirror and held it up. "See?"

He ran a hand over the cleared area. "Yeah." 

She kissed him there and continued to rub the salve over the rest of his face. "Sweetheart, if you just take care of yourself, the rest will follow." She leaned in and inspected the edges. She managed to dislodge a few more chunks of the scab and rubbed more salve in the cleared areas. "You're coming along nicely, hot stuff." 

He grabbed her hand. "You haven't figured out your nickname for me yet."

She laughed. "Busted." Running her fingers over his face, she smiled. "I'm still figuring us out." 

He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her into his lap. "I'm OK with that."

Running her fingers across his face, and down his throat, she placed her mouth on his. 

Jordan's hand came up her back and under her shirt. He slipped the shirt over her head and buried his face in her breasts. His hands went down and slipped under the edge of her pants. Adjusting himself, he pulled her on to the bed with him and he lay back against the pillow. She pulled off his shirt and ran he tongue up his chest. He groaned and grabbed her ass. 

Kneeling over him, she grinned and tugged off her pants, tossing them to the floor. He bucked his hips up so that she could help him remove his own. She readjusted herself so that she sat on his belly, her ass touching his erection. He groaned at her as she made fascinating patterns with her teeth and tongue in the curve of his neck. With one hand, he slipped his fingers underneath her.

"You're always so damned slick." He murmured. "You drive a man to madness." 

"Well, I have been working on it..." She giggled, before pressing her mouth to his. Adjusting her hips, she slid down on to him. He groaned and grabbed her hips. Using his hand, he bounced her up and down on him before turning her over with him and thrusting deep inside. She wrapped her legs around him and ran her hands across his chest. "Give it to me, Jordan." She whispered. 

He knelt and grabbed her legs with his arms and her ass with his hands. With increasing force he slammed himself deep inside her. She gripped the straps she'd installed on the headboard. He had only a moment to be glad she'd padded the wall behind the headboard. Her legs clenched against him, the heels of her feet digging into his ass as she shuddered. Releasing her ass, he went forward, wrapping his arms on either side if her head. 

"I love you." He whispered, before claiming her mouth with his own and releasing himself inside of her.

Later, in the dark, she untangled herself from the sleeping Jordan and slipped out of his room. Careful not to wake Tulani, she climbed in the bed with Grogek. He shifted his arm to allow her in. She cuddled up to him. 

"You know, on nights like this, you can stay until morning and my feelings will no t be hurt." He put his chin on her head.

"Are you certain?"

"Just like with Tulani, it does not bother me when you spend the night with the one you went to bed with." He kissed her hair. "I might consider it insulting that you'd think I would be upset."

"You are the center of my world." She whispered.

"I know, my love. I know." 

"Are you sure, Jordan?" Elunara eyed him suspiciously. 

"Yeah, sure. I always liked kids. I still have some off time due to me. It'll be fun."

"You didn't even think YOU could, Elunara." Tulani reminded her. "If he wants to, I see no reason not."

Elunara crossed her arms and sighed. "Well, he is a handful. It would be nice to have another sitter."

"I do live here." Jordan crossed his own arms. "I want to be part of this family." 

Elunara tossed up her arms. "Fine! Fine. Geez."

Tulani wrapped her arms around Elunara. "It's ok to play protective mommy ever so often."

"Do NOT use that word." Elunara grumbled.

"Mommy is a bad word?" Jordan raised an eyebrow.

"Its... cutesy." Elunara snorted.

Darguni reached up. "Oran!"

Jordan hefted the kid up on his hip. "Hi, there. Would you like to go for a walk?"

"He's not a puppy." Elunara grumbled. 

Jordan gave her a look. "Where's Yoona's leash?"

"Come on, I'll show you." She sighed.

"I don't know why you're so against it."

"Would it make you feel any better if I told you I didn't know either?" She sighed and clipped the leash to Yoona's collar. "If you need ANYTHING..."

"I know, I know. I come back here or go to Eloise." He kissed her on the cheek. "We'll be fine." 

She sighed. "I guess I know that, but this is really the first major change we have made. I'm just... worried." 

He rubbed his thumb on her cheek. "Baby, don't worry." He leaned in and kissed her.

"Iss! Iss!" Darguni clapped. 

"Well, I guess he sees it a lot." Jordan laughed. "In any event, you said you had appointments today, and Eloise IS mad over that bolt of cloth. It'll be a nice change of pace."

"Ugh, more like I have interrogations today. Those three priestesses won't let up. Maybe being naked will halt their incessant questions."

He brushed her hair back with the tips of his fingers. "It was you who brought me back. They may have given you power, but it was your voice that called to me. That means something." He adjusted Darguni on his hip. "Come on big guy, let's you and me go find some bears to wrestle. Grr."

"Grr!" Was Darguni's reply. 

"What ARE you worried about?" Tulani frowned. 

Elunara yanked at her hair. "I don't even know. Jordan's like the... fifth or sixth safest place Darguni could be."

Jordan whistled as he made his way over to the park where he'd seen other kids play. Darguni was freaking heavy for his age. 

"Am I seeing this correctly?"

Jordan looked back and grinned at Renwa. "Yeah, I'm on baby duty today." 

"You're really getting into this, aren't you?"

"No reason not to." He shrugged. "You know, everywhere I look, and someone is eyeing me like they expect me to be thrown out on my naked ass. It's a little weird."

"Jordan, you just made yourself at home in the weirdest family in existence." 

"Isn't it great?" He grinned.

Renwa shook his head. "Where's the man who used to give Elunara dirty looks when she called me weird nicknames?"

"The dirty just changed meaning." Jordan grinned. 

"Well, your face is looking better. The scab really gives it character."

Jordan snorted as he sat Darguni down on the soft brown grass. "You're just jealous... women love scars." 

Renwa snorted. "Elunara could find love in a tube of toothpaste."

Jordan glared. "Hey!"

Renwa laughed. "Just testing you." Renwa shook his head. "Ah well, whatever happens, I guess."

"When are you and Zelinnia tying the knot?"

"Slightly less than a month, and it's making me itchy."

"You already live together, what would be different?"

"Everything, and nothing. It's all about meaning. Even she believes that it will mean that she's no longer just "that Blood Elf". It bothers her, even now."

"I guess I sort of wish me and Elunara could do the whole ceremony thing." He shook his head. "Doesn't matter though. I've figured out my course of action, where it goes from there is something else." Jordan played with Darguni.

"You know, I hope Zelinnia and I have a handful of them." Renwa said wistfully. "But Zelinnia won't give up that monthly drink until after we have vows."

"Your kid will be illegitimate enough to some, no need to make it worse on herself." Jordan shrugged. 

"You'll be my best man, right? I mean, Grogek will be there as a groomsmen or whatever the hell they're called. I want you to be my best man." 

Jordan smiled up at Renwa. "I'd be honored, sir."

"Stop calling me "sir". I think we're a little beyond that."

Jordan laughed. "I guess like Elunara, I'll have to find something else to call you, something that fits."

"As long as it's not sugarcakes, we'll be ok."

A woman sighed at the two men laughing. "Can you believe it?"

"Huh?" Tiffany looked up from her book. "What Cheryl?"

She jerked her chin across the way. "Captain... no, General Jordan has that kid of Elunara's."

Tiffany shrugged. "Yeah, so?"

"So?" She crossed her arms. "So, she already had that big ass orc to keep her entertained, but she had to go and get that Draenei woman. Then she opens up that silly business of hers, and finally she takes THE most eligible bachelor in the entire town. Who else is she going to make off with?"

Tiffany sighed. "Are you saying you'd want to leave your Ed for General Jordan?"

She shook her head. "Lord no, but I've tried to set him up with several woman so far, all of whom tell me he failed to complete in the end." She scratched her chin. "We all came to the conclusion that maybe he was gay." 

Tiffany snorted. "Maybe it's Grogek he lives with." 

Cheryl dropped her arms and stared. "OHhhhhh."

Jordan decided that he'd gotten himself into a mess when he tried to carry both the sleeping baby and the sleeping tiger cub back to the house. Elunara was probably going to skin him alive over how late they were getting back. 

Grogek snorted. "What are you doing?"

Jordan would have jumped out of his skin, if it hadn't currently been weighted down. "Trying to get home." 

"Don't make me put you in my strength training." Grogek scooped Darguni off of one shoulder, allowing Jordan to readjust the cat.

"Geez, these two sleep like the dead." 

Grogek laughed. "It's handy for getting them home though." 

Cheryl stared at the pair sharing a laugh. It all made sense now.

"So, how was it?" Grogek cast a sideways glance at Jordan.

"Pretty nice. I don't know why I hadn't thought of it before." 

Grogek nodded. "With a shared burden, it is easier to take care of things."

Jordan gave a half nod to the woman standing in the shadows. "Elunara is going to have my hide."

Grogek patting him on the shoulder. "Nah. Ok, maybe. We'll just have to smoother her temper over, won't we?" Grogek winked.

Jordan gave him a shit-eating grin. "Quite."

"Where have you been?" Elunara propped her hands on her hips. 

Grogek grinned and took Darguni to his room. 

"Sorry, it seems the three of us took a bit of a nap in the sun, by time I woke up, the sun was gone, and the pair were still tucked under my arms."

"Argh." She followed him into Darguni's room. "You made me worry." 

"Love, he was fine." Grogek gently pushed Elunara out of the room. 

"But..."

"He did just fine." 

She crossed her arms. "I don't LIKE worrying. It makes me feel... weird." 

Jordan closed the door quietly behind him. "We were fine, Baby. It's ok." He kissed her with a grin.

"What do you get to grin about?" She glared. 

Grogek stepped behind her and slid a hand down the front of her pants. "I can find plenty of things to grin about." He whispered in her ear.

"Oh, really now?"

Jordan slipped his hands up the front of her shirt and gripped her breasts. "I found two things to grin about right here." 

"Is that so?" She leaned her head against Grogek's chest and eyed Jordan. "You two think you're so funny, don't you?"

Grogek slipped a finger inside her and licked her neck. She gave a little gasp and Jordan went for her mouth. She was pinned between them, with Jordan playing with her breasts and teasing her mouth with his own, Grogek was behind her, one hand on her belly, the other one fingering her. Grogek dragged his teeth across her shoulder and licked the soft scratches. She groaned into Jordan's mouth. Off the banister above, Tulani watched with curiosity. 

Jordan shifted his hands and pulled her shirt off. Grogek grinned and slid her pants off before returning his hand to her slick wetness. He slipped two fingers in and began to pump in and out. Jordan bent down and began to suck on her breasts. She groaned and ran one hand through Jordan's hair, and the other she reached up and wrapped her arm around Grogek's neck. 

Grogek pushed her forward, and tugged his pants down. Grabbing her by the hips, he slipped her over his hard dick. Her leg wrapped back around his. Jordan slipped his hand down and rubbed his thumb on her clit. She groaned and arched back. Grogek ran his tongue on her neck. "You know you want it..." He whispered, barely audible. "Take it."

She pushed Jordan back, running her hands down his chest. She made her way to his pants, and tugging them down, and slipped his dick out. She licked the tip of him. Jordan groaned and ran his hands on her back. She slipped her mouth over him. 

Jordan reached down and played with her nipple with a groan. His other hand gripped her hair while she sucked on him. She moved up and down his dick, taking the length of him. She grabbed his balls and juggled them softly in her palm. Grogek began thrusting in and out of her, shoving her mouth on and off of Jordan's dick. Grogek gripped her hips and planted his feet, increasing rhythm and speed. Jordan almost doubled over and gripped her hair and shoulders. 

When she began to shiver and shake, she clamped down on both ends, causing them to release. Grogek clamped his hands on her hips and thrust her backwards as he filled her. Her mouth clamped down and Jordan grunted, exploding in her mouth. She slurped at him and slid herself free. He dropped to his knees. 

"Oh, baby." He murmured.

She slid free of Grogek and she giggled. "Maybe I should get mad at you both more often." 

"I don't know." Whimpered Jordan. "You might get mad enough to bite it off, and then where would I be?"

"Well, next time I can suck Grogek off, and you can fuck me."

"I'm okay with that."

Grogek snorted. "I like having him around. I don't have to terrify your clients."

She snorted. "Yeah, they stop coming back when you do that." She grinned. "The night is still young, there's more to be done."

"I'm going to need about five minutes." Jordan shook his head. "I don't have Grogek's quick turnaround times."

Elunara laughed. "First of all, no one does. Second of all, he usually just plays with me until he's ready to go again. The south orchard is mostly illusion."

Grogek did his best to pout. "Don't give away all our secrets." 

"Besides," Everyone turned to look at Tulani. "I haven't gotten a chance to play."

Elunara raised an eyebrow. "This is rather unusual."

Tulani smiled serenely. "Is it not "play with Elunara" night?"

Elunara reached out and caressed Tulani's cheek. "I would never want you to be uncomfortable." 

"One thing you have taught me is to play with my comfort zones. Maybe tonight, I'm just willing to play with something different." Tulani ran her hand across Elunara's chest and down her breast, cupping it. "You looked like you were having fun." 

"My beautiful girl." Elunara murmured and pressed her lips to Tulani's. 

Reaching down, Tulani pulled up her dress and tugged it over her head, tossing it to the side. 

Grogek shrugged and removed his own clothes. Scrambling to not be left out, Jordan divested himself of his clothes. Elunara had several pieces of furniture built, but this time the men opted for chairs out of the way, while Elunara leaned back on the strange sloped couch. Tulani climbed on top of her and propped herself up on her knees and elbows. 

"Come on, my little lovely." Elunara wrapped her arms around Tulani and pulled her down. She slid her hands down Tulani's back and cupped her ass. One hand slid center and Elunara slipped her fingers through Tulani's wetness. "I have a feeling you've been watching us." 

"With great interest. I find myself equally turned on by you servicing the men, as you do me." Tulani pressed her lips to Elunara's, licking and nipping along. She enjoyed the sensation that mating her lips with Elunara's brought out. She slipped her fingers into Elunara and enjoyed the fleeing of her lover's body. 

"My Lovely," Elunara panted. "Bring yourself up to me." 

Tulani shifted and got on her hands and knees. She crawled forward until her center hovered above Elunara's face, and then she sat up. 

"That's my girl." Elunara purred, slipping her fingers into the blue slick folds. Using one hand, she teased Tulani's nipple, with the other she buried her fingers into Tulani's warmth. Elunara ran her tongue in and out, tasting the warm liquid. Tulani found herself using one hand to tease the freed nipple, and the other to play with Elunara's.

Grogek was sitting to one side; hand on his already sticky cock. He got Jordan's attention and then nodded at Elunara's propped up leg. Jordan's eyebrows rose. Grogek nodded. "You or me..." He grunted. 

Jordan moved to the strange couch thing and found his way between Elunara's legs. He buried his face in her slick folds. She gasped in surprise, and grinned as she continued to work her way in and out of Tulani. She pulled her hand back from Tulani's breast and used the fingers of both hands to tease and torment Tulani's thighs and folds. When at last the Draenei woman began her shivers, Elunara gave in to the torment that Jordan was giving her. He moved out of the way, as Tulani crawled back down Elunara's body to cuddle with her. 

"You always finish me, but I didn't finish you." Tulani pouted.

"Don't worry my lovely, Jordan helped." She winked. 

Tulani eyed Jordan. "Oh, did he now?" 

"I... uhh." Jordan held up his hands.

Tulani shrugged. "I guess he IS one of us now." 

"Want to see something neat?" Elunara grinned.

"What?"

Elunara reached up and yanked a lever and the bed leveled out. She popped it again and the head and feet collapsed, leaving her crotch exposed and her head laid back. Tulani hopped off of the strange thing. 

"What is THAT?"

"One of a kind sex bench. This sucker can hit all sorts of funky angles and arrangements." She held her head up and laughed. "Anyone willing to give it a go?"

Grogek got up with a grin and went to the head. "You and your fascinating designs."

"You see, this part is designed to line the penis with the mouth, and keep the neck straight, allowing for a more comfortable deep throat." She rubbed his hard dick. "See how it lines up nicely?" She held her head up and pointed. "That end is designed to get the pussy right up to the dick, with nice foot rests in order to have something to prop against." 

Jordan stepped up between her legs. "Strangely clinical, and yet sexy as hell." He ran his hands over her belly.

"The center is designed so that the body is properly supported, allowing complete comfort while being fucked. I even allowed for enough space, so that someone could comfortably prop their legs and knees on either side of the body. To be used as desired." 

Tulani climbed back up and sat on Elunara's stomach. "This IS pretty comfortable."

Elunara grinned. "I hadn't considered a three way, but I guess if the third was a guy, you could have a guy in all three holes at once and it'd still be fairly comfy."

"On the one hand..." Grogek considered. "You think of sex entirely too much to have invented this thing." He laughed. "On the other hand..."

"We should totally try this thing out." Jordan laughed. 
