 She waited outside the door, curiosity eating at her. She hid out of sight and waited for the door to open. The Orc came out first, but was soon joined by Jordan. 

"You didn't have to smack my ass. I was being careful."

"Not from my end you weren't."

"Sorry, you're just longer than I expected." Jordan turned bright red.

Grogek shrugged. "Have you SEEN me?"

"I saw plenty of you last night." Jordan hunched his shoulders.

"I'm telling you I HEARD them." Cheryl insisted.

"Cheryl... no. just no."

"I don't know, Sara, it just makes sense."

"That Grogek, king of beasts... is making it with Jordan? No. I believe the hook up with Elunara. In fact, I wonder if he's not hooked up with Tulani. I mean, Grogek to Elunara, Elunara to Tulani, and Tulani to Jordan. This makes sense. Grogek and Jordan? No." Sara shook her head. 

"Well, it is a little gross." Sylvia patted her cheek. "But, we've tried for years to find Jordan a girlfriend, and he turns them all down stone cold. The few he HAS tried to date... well, we know how that worked out." Sylvia shook her head. "No, I think Jordan finally found his man." 

"Oh, everyone knows that Jordan has been sweet on Tulani since she got here. Just because she hid in the protection of Elunara doesn't even prove that they've done anything." Sara shook her head. 

"Have you seen them in public? It's nauseating." Cheryl shook her head. 

"And what are you lovely ladies discussing this fine morning?" Gerald smiled. 

"Jordan's affair with Grogek." Cheryl wrinkled her nose. 

Gerald blinked slowly and fluttered his eyelashes. "Run that by me again?"

Later, Jerry and Louis stared at each other and then began to laugh. "Oh, Gods! That's the scariest thing I've ever heard!" laughed Jerry. 

"Well, we've seen how huge Grogek is..." Louis shuddered. "Imagine trying to fit that..."

Gerald shook his head. "You know Elunara's had it there, right?"

"Yeah, but, she like... TRAINED for it." Jerry winced.

"Valid." Gerald shrugged.

"What are you numbskulls gossiping about over here?" Mark snorted.

Gerald jerked his head to the side. "Cheryl believes Grogek and Jordan are... going at it. Claims to have heard a conversation that confirms this."

"Oh Gods, another lunatic." Mark muttered. "Believe me. The only person Grogek wants to stick his dick in, is his wife. And Gods, no one can keep up with her, it's no wonder she took on another lover." 

"Weren't you... recruited, by Grogek one day?" Gerald raised an eyebrow.

"Well, yeah, me and two others, and we aren't really allowed to speak of it." Mark bit his lip.

"That sounds a little suspect."

Mark lowered his voice. "Look, we were given to his wife as...toys. It was the most goddamned amazing thing I have ever been a part of, and I will NOT lose Jenny just to speak of it. OK? Drop it."

Gerald raised an eyebrow. "So it wasn't Grogek who said it was to never be spoken..."

"It was ME claiming it WAS. The other two got shipped out, but all I will tell you is that all three of us, AND Grogek were completely exhausted and she was disappointed we didn't have more to give."

Jerry and Louis stared at each other. Gerald shrugged. "That's about normal for Elunara." 

"This has been a strange day." Jordan rubbed his neck and followed Grogek home. 

"Why so?" 

"I keep getting strange looks, one girl burst into tears, and a few people have giggled." 

"Huh." 

"One man shook my hand and said it "was about damned time"." Jordan shook his head. "Time for what?"

Grogek shrugged. "Hell if I know. I've never learned the ways of this town. I just do what I do."

"Elunara's got a better handle on people, maybe she knows."

"No idea. I have had a few of the trainees just stop and stare at me for no damned reason."

"Weird. Maybe people are coming down with something."

Near home, Jordan stretched and clapped Grogek on the back. "Well, we're two healthy specimens, we should be fine."

Grogek grinned. "Gotta stay in shape to keep the bugs away." He put his arm around Jordan's shoulders. "I know just the way to do it." 

Jordan laughed. "I'm not sure I can keep up with you."

"Might as well try." Grogek shoved Jordan through the door and followed in after.

Cheryl popped her head around the corner. "Believe me now?" She hissed. 

"That doesn't mean a damned thing." Sara sighed. 

"You know, Grogek is actually a pretty cool guy... once you've fucked his wife with him." Jordan shook his head. "That is THE weirdest thing I have ever said, or will ever say, in my life." He sighed.

Renwa laughed. "I know what you mean."

"About weird statements or fucking his wife?" Jordan rolled his eyes.

"I have... as you put it... fucked his wife with him."

Jordan raised an eyebrow. "Why am I not surprised?"

"I've watched him fuck his wife, does that count?" Zelinnia was still absorbed in her work, and it took a few moments for it to sink in. She dropped her head to her desk. 

"I hope she never loses that habit." Renwa laughed. 

"I may not hear myself talk, but I sure as hell hear you." she warned. 

Jordan laughed. "Anyway, I've been having the weirdest couple of days. People have been giggling at me; some man shook my hand and said it was about damned time. I've had three separate women burst into tears; some of the troops are giving me strange glances." He shook his head. "I can't figure it out. It's not over Elunara, or they would have done this a couple of weeks ago."

"What the hell?" Renwa frowned. 

"That's because everyone thinks you're gay." 

Both Renwa and Jordan turned to Zelinnia. "What?"

She blinked at them. "What? I thought this was old hat to you." She shook her head. "Anyway, the rumor has been picked back up, except, you're fucking Grogek, not Elunara." She went back to her paperwork. "They were talking about it at Tippy's. Seems they held out hope that Elunara would get bored of you, that maybe she'd fix whatever hang up you had about females. You and Grogek? That paints a different picture."

"Me? And Grogek?" Jordan shuddered. "Eck."

Zelinnia shrugged. "That's what I said, but I got laughed at. As if I didn't freaking LIVE with Elunara and Grogek. That man has no interest in anything that's not his wife." 

"Don't I know it?" Jordan shook his head.

"I have to ask... did Grogek really smack your ass?" Zelinnia raised an eyebrow.

Jordan flushed. "I kind of... almost stepped on... him." 

"I wish I hadn't asked." Zelinnia sighed.

"I take it someone heard us discussing it." Jordan sighed. 

"I had hoped that was part of the rumor." 

"Damn, Jordan, you get yourself into the strangest situations." 

Jordan's hand went to his healing face. "I guess I do." 

"That's looking much better by the way."

"Yeah, Elunara has been using the salve every morning and night." 

"I didn't need to know your personal problems." Renwa made a face.

"Ha. Ha. She won't let me go without it. I guess she's right." He sighed and dropped his hand. "About that too... it seems she's developed a cult following among the healers that were there that night. They seem to be waiting on her to perform another miracle."

"Oh Lords..." Renwa sighed. "That's all we need." 

"Elunara swears to everything that she was not the reason. I remember her calling for me." He shrugged. "But, what I believe on the matter isn't that important. We don't need some priestesses deifying her." 

"She gets in pissy enough moods." Zelinnia grumbled.

Jordan sighed as he made his way down to the training yard. He stood at the edge, just watching for awhile. Gods, the man had a dick like a tree trunk, only Elunara could take that thing on. A shiver of disgust went up his back. 

"What's wrong with you?" 

Jordan almost jumped out of his skin. "Damn it, how do you sneak up on someone? 

Grogek laughed. "You're just out of it, my friend."

"Well, I found out what's wrong with everyone." 

"Hm?"

"They think... you and I are lovers."

Grogek blinked for a moment before exploding in laughter. "That's... that's impressive." He wiped a tear. "Oh, that's a good one. Sorry, little man, you ain't cute enough, nor my wife. But who can tell, eh?" He started laughing again. 

"Har, har, har." Jordan crossed his arms and sighed. "It's not the first time people have assumed I was gay. In fact, Elunara thought I was in love with Renwa."

"I know." Grogek shrugged, and then patted Jordan on the shoulder. "Don't let it get to you. Take Elunara's stance. "You know what you are or aren't. Their thoughts don't even register."

"It's easier for her; she's spent the last thirty years being what she made of herself." Jordan shrugged. "I guess it's easier for some people to assume what they will. It makes them feel better about themselves."

"That's the spirit." Grogek whacked Jordan on his ass and walked away laughing. 

Jordan winced as he rubbed his ass. "I wish he wouldn't do that." 

"Who wouldn't do what?"

"Oh, hey, Elunara. Your annoying husband just whacked me on the ass."

"Should I kiss it better?" She grinned as she rubbed his ass. 

"You should know, I'm apparently gay." He snorted.

She laughed. "Is that a ploy to get me to suck you off and prove you wrong?"

"Ah, fuck it." Jordan grabbed her by the waist and crushed his mouth to hers. 

She purred and wrapped her arms around his neck, matching his mouth. He slid one hand down the back of her pants and cupped her ass, while the other hand went up and for her breast. He pulled her body into his and they melded together. He came up for air with a gasping breath.

"Oh, Jordan, you are in a mood. Care to take it back to the house?"

"Where's the baby?"

"Finister's."

"Then yes." He panted. "I want you, now."

"I know an alley that's closer." 

Jordan looked up and around. "Maybe."

She grabbed him by his breastplate and tugged him into a nearby alley. "This one has proven useful before." She whispered. 

He dislodged his breastplate and took off his gloves. His hands went around her cheeks and he pulled her into his mouth. Their mouths mated together as he pressed her against the building wall, his hands going for her breasts. He teased and rubbed the nipples, cupped the breasts and moved down her body. His hands slipped into her pants and pushed them down, as she tugged him free from his. In one swift movement he was buried in her, while he gripped her ass. He pounded himself in and out, his hand pressed against the wall. She bit his neck and he released with a soft curse. 

She laughed and rubbed her hands on his chest. "Better?"

He buried his face in her shoulder as he tried to tuck himself back into his pants. "You deserve more than a filthy back alley."

She giggled and tugged her pants up. "Sweetheart, you know I like the variety." 

He bent down and picked up his breastplate. She helped him reattach it. "It's been a weird day, baby." He ran his fingers on her cheek.

"Aw, how bout round two back home?"

"I'm greatly considering it." He put his forehead to hers. "Gods, I love you." He whispered. 

"I love you too, honeypot."She kissed him.

He wrinkled his nose. "I call no on that nickname."

"I do too, it's terrible." 

They both giggled. Jordan wrapped his arms around her and sighed. "Why did I take so long to do this?"

"Only care about the past when it's important to your future." She laid a hand on his cheek. "You did it now, and that's all you need."

Slow and gentle, he laid his lips on hers.

Sara pulled her head in the window. "Well, that just negated your claim, Cheryl." 

"Boy, did it." Whispered Sylvia. 

"It's an act." Cheryl snorted.

"For whom?" Sara tossed her hands up. "They didn't know we were watching." 

Sylvia peeked out the window. "Even if that was dirty, the aftermath of it was beautiful." She sighed. 

"I'll get my proof." Cheryl crossed her arms.

Leslia snapped closed the book she just finished and tucked it neatly on the shelf. Nothing. Nothing but pornographic images and tales of a childhood in ruins. Someone like Elunara HAD to have shown glimmers before. She sighed and pulled out the next one. A sound caught her attention and she peered out the door. 

"Well, certainly." Elunara smiled. "I can do a simple portrait, or I could do a full body. I also have ranges from the normal, the glamorous, or you can volunteer for Ina's workbooks."

"I think I'll just go for a basic portrait."

"What was your name again?" 

"Cheryl."

"Alright then, have a seat here, and we'll get started."

The shorter woman sat down in the chair Elunara indicated. "So, you live here with two men."

"And a woman."

"Right. Two men and a woman." She looked around. 

"Try to move as little as possible while I get my initial sketches. Once I've satisfied, we can move to other views and positions."

"Yes, alright." She folded her hands in her lap. "Must get kind of stinky around here, having a pair of big males like you've got."

"They're not monkeys."

"Well, my guys... that is, my husband and my two boys, can really stink up the place."

"How old are your children?"

"Well, Jamus is 18, he'll be joining your General Grogek soon. Tommy's only 8."

"Fascinating age gap."

"It happens." She shrugged. "Awful neat in here."

Elunara shrugged. "We all agreed in the beginning that discipline means cleaning up after yourself. I did so for years as a mission specialist, never leaving anything behind. Grogek is just disciplined to his core. Tulani is very neat and tidy, and Jordan just fell in line.

"Wish I could get my guys to do that." She murmured.

"Well, Grogek will pound some sense into Jamus, and maybe he'll teach his brother." Elunara smiled. 

"I take it Grogek does a fair amount of pounding."

Elunara laughed. "Careful with loaded questions like that, I tend towards a dirty mind."

"Must be difficult... juggling so many balls at once."

Elunara snickered. "Oh, you're killing me." 

"The whole town wants to know how you have a husband, two lovers, a baby, a pet and your businesses. It just seems so insane." Cheryl shook her head.

"To anyone else it would seem that way I suppose." Elunara shrugged. "I have stamina to burn. I've always had stamina to burn. I think I finally reached a point in my life in which I am wholly comfortable. I have a husband who is my world." Elunara placed her hand on her bangle. "A lover who is soft and understanding, a lover who fills out the rest of my needs, a child who is something else, the cub of my long lost companion, and a business that eats any energy I have left. It's brilliant." Her smile reflected the statement.

"And the two men don't butt heads?"

"Ah, but it's early yet." Elunara winked. "I'm sure there will be arguments later on, but right now, we're just feeling each other out." She giggled. "In more ways than one, let me tell you." 

"Do they..." Cheryl rocked her head back and forth. "Enjoy each other's company?"

Elunara raised an eyebrow. And we reached the heart of the matter... "As men are wont to do. They agree on things, so the company is always good. Always nice to have one man heading things, while the other follows up behind, if you know what I mean."

"Uh, yeah. I guess." Her expression said she didn't. "How'd you figure out the sleeping arrangements?"

"Grogek and I share the big bed, Tulani sleeps in her bed beside ours, and Jordan got his own room." 

"You always sleep in that order?"

"I travel between beds as I desire." Elunara shrugged.

"None of the others... travel?"

"Well, we haven't gotten that far, but I assume one of these days Jordan will wind up sharing the big bed with Grogek and I, but aside from that, no. No one other than me and Tulani are EVER to be in Tulani's bed. She always joins up in the other bed. Hers is sacred and she is promised that. Grogek and I... well, it's sacred to its own extent." She shrugged. "Jordan has earned his place in our family, and as such may be allowed into the big bed at some point."

"You have a bizarre arrangement." 

"We make it work." Elunara shrugged. 

"You can't possibly tell me you have the energy to deal with two men."

Elunara sighed. "You're the one on those silly rumors about poor Jordan and Grogek." She shook her head. "Listen, honey, there's nothing like having one man ploughed up your ass while the other one fucks you. Just because you can only handle one, doesn't mean I don't have a preference for as many as I can get my greedy little hands on." She flashed a grin to the pale woman. "Would you like to see my work so far?" 

The woman began to sputter, even as Elunara turned the board around. She froze, and stood up. Walking over, she placed her fingertips on the board. "This is me?"

"I still have more detail to add, but you've got a pretty good face. Nice bone structure. You shouldn't wear your hair in such a severe bun, I bet it's pretty."

"Buh?" 

Elunara shrugged. "If you let me do a full body for Ina's books, I'll have to take the hair down. But, that's up to you. You wanted a simple portrait, so that's what I did. It'll take me a couple of days to get it presentable to you." 

"It's... beautiful." Cheryl shook her head. "How can someone so crass, do something so pretty?" She put her hands on her hips.

Elunara laughed. "Sweetie, I've been called worse things."

Cheryl eyed her. "Did you just call me "sweetie"?" 

"Honeybunch, I call everyone strange things. Nicknames are part of who I am."

"What do you call these people?" Cheryl waved her hand.

"Grogek is My Sugarbear, Tulani is my Sweetness, and... well, I haven't figured out what I call Jordan yet. My usual nicknames don't fit him." She sighed. "He's the newest member to our little family, and he's just trying to find his place right now." 

Cheryl blinked and dropped her arms. "You... love him?"

"I love all of them. Grogek unlocked the door to my heart; Tulani wedged it open and sat there. Jordan got to march right in." Elunara laughed. "I sound adorable. What the hell happened?" She shook her head.

Cheryl sat down on the couch beside Elunara. "I'm sorry. I think I've misjudged you."

Elunara shrugged and started working on the drawing again. "Everyone usually does." She flicked her eyes back and forth, capturing the new expression. "You know, when you relax, you look even better." Elunara hummed as she worked. 

"I... I need to go." Cheryl stood up. 

Elunara closed her board. "Alright. I'll have the portrait to you..." 

Cheryl fled.

Leslia walked out. "Why did you tell her all of that?"

Elunara frowned and snapped her board closed. "Next time, if you wish to use my library, you have to tell me, and flip the sign outside, so I don't surprise someone with an unexpected guest."

"I am sorry. You suggested I read them. I didn't know about the sign."

"Now you do." She popped the board back open and began working on Cheryl's portrait.

"You never answered me."

"I know the best ways to get through to certain types of people. I do not hide who I am, and I have no problem with telling people my most intimate details. The three of my lovers have all taken me as I am, and accept this part of me. I might try to guard Tulani's feelings, but the other two..." Elunara shrugged. 

"You are a strange one."

"Not the first to say that." 

"I am trying to understand you." 

"I'd get back to reading." Elunara shrugged. She had to admit she was more than a little cross with the woman for hiding and spying on a consult. 

"I did not mean to anger you." Leslia bit her lip. "I was unsure of what to do in this situation."

"You're a Night Elf, sneak the hell out." Elunara shook her head. "Just get out. You've pissed me off enough today."

Leslia flushed and bowed her head. "I am sorry." She quietly left.