 Jordan groaned and rubbed his face. He looked down at his hand and jumped back. "Ew." He wiped his hand in the wastebasket and stood up. Looking in his mirror he ran his fingers on his face. 

"Oh, you're up." 

He turned and grinned. "It's gone." 

She moved to him and ran her fingers over his scarred cheek. "Yep, no more scab. It looks pretty good actually." She picked up the pot.

"It's gone, I don't need that."

"Sugar, it's going to pinch and twist and get dried. You still have to take care of it for a little while." She began to rub the slave into his scar.

He sighed and put his hands on her hips. "At least you'll still do it for me."

"Of course. I like your face." 

"Ugh, I'm still sore from the other night. Remind me not to do that too often."

She giggled. "You enjoyed it."

"Oh, hell yeah." He laughed. "But my dick hurts." He whimpered.

"It must, you haven't tried to use it on me since." She grinned. "Why don't you take today off, and I'll massage you better."

"I'd take her up on the offer." Grogek nodded. "Her hands are magic in many ways." 

Elunara slipped out from under Jordan's hands and kissed Grogek. "Leaving?"

"Yes." He ran his hands down her ass. "Make sure he gets that massage. See you later." He kissed her and grinned. 

Jordan sighed. "I should probably tell Renwa I'm taking the time.

"We'll get a message to him. Now, lay down on the bed."

"But..."

"Face down; I'll get to there later." 

He had to admit, she was expert in all things body.

She stood up. "I'd say you're done." 

He tugged her back on top of him. "Not quite." He ran a hand through her hair and pulled her face close to his. They mated their mouths together. 

"Mm, I'd say I fixed your...." She sighed at the knock on the door. "Hold on." She climbed down and made her way down the stairs. Opening the door, she blinked. "Oh, Renwa. Sorry, I guess I forgot to send a runner."

Jordan yanked on his pants and made his way to the stairs.

"Ah, Elunara, forgive the intrusion, Zelinnia has managed to lock herself in one of your... contraptions, and locked the door. I can't get her out." He sighed. "You're the only person she wants."

Elunara frowned. "I'm not sure what in the world could have happened." 

Renwa looked up the stairs at Jordan in only his pants. "I only need notification of off days if it affects something important, day to day is your business." Renwa grinned. 

"Sorry, Sugar, we can continue the session later." 

He sighed. "Maybe I should get dressed and go about the day."

She shrugged. "With Zelinnia, this could take five minutes, it could take all day."

"I see the rest of that mess has come off of your face." Renwa smiled.

"Yeah." Jordan rubbed his fingers over the star shaped scar. "I guess this is the best it's going to look." 

Elunara kissed his scar. "It looks kind of cool." She tugged on her shoes. "I'll see you later in the day." 

"He's looking well."

"Now that the rest of that messy scab came off, I'm hoping he'll feel better about himself."

Renwa laughed. "You'll do that on your own."

"I hope so. At least he can't pick at it."

"I don't know what Zelinnia has done to herself. She sounded like she was in tears, but I couldn't get the door open."

"I'll get her out." Elunara sighed. "But what could she possibly be trapped in? Which room?"

"Upper bathroom."

"Huh." Elunara shook her head. "Bathrooms are messy places; I didn't put too much in there." She jogged upstairs and knocked on the door. "Zel? Sweetie? It's me."

"It's just you, right?"

"Renwa's downstairs and he's really worried." 

Zelinnia cracked the door and peeked around. 

"You're not locked in?"

"Just come in." Zelinnia scooted back, hiding behind the door. 

Elunara walked in and froze. She stared at the blood on the floor. 

Zelinnia closed the door and wrapped her arms around Elunara. "I didn't know what to do!" She wailed.

Elunara stared at the blood on Zelinnia's clothes. "Sweetie, what happened? What did you do to yourself?"

"I... I just.." 

"Zelinnia, sweetie, we have to get Ina."

"NO! He'll know!"

"He'll know what? Sweetie, I don't even know what's wrong."

"Oh, Gods. I was... I was pregnant. Ina told me a couple of weeks ago, and I just... I couldn't..."

"Did you do this?" Elunara whispered, remembering her own moment of panic.

Tears streamed down Zelinnia's face. "I hadn't told anybody because I was still trying to figure it out myself... then my stomach started hurting this morning... and I didn't know what to do. I thought maybe I ate something bad. Then the blood came and I just knew... and then it didn't stop." She buried her face into Elunara's shirt and just kept weeping. "It's... It's..." She pointed.

Elunara looked into the mess bucket and winced. There was so mistaking that. She looked around the room. "Oh sweetie, we have to get Ina, I can't help you." She wrapped her arms around the wailing woman. 

"NO!" He can't.... He can't know." 

"He has to know. You can't keep this from him."

"It'll break his heart."

"Sweetie, you're killing him. He's downstairs in a panic and doesn't know how to help you. Let me get Ina."

"Don't leave!" 

Elunara sighed. She reached down and grabbed Zelinnia's dress and ripped out a piece of fabric. She grabbed a tooth brush and dipped the end of it in blood and scribbled a message. Satisfied with her work, Elunara wadded the fabric and tossed it over her shoulder. Sitting down in the floor, she pulled Zelinnia into her lap and waited. 

Ina came charging into Renwa's house. He blinked at the woman and the priestess following behind her. "What's going on?" 

Ina didn't pause, just ran upstairs, priestess in tow. 

"WHAT'S GOING ON?" He screamed and chased after them. 

The priestess blocked the top of the stairs. "Forgive me Admiral; I cannot let you past me."

"What is going on?"

She shook her head. "I don't know. I am told my orders are higher than yours and to not even try it."

He watched in desperation as Ina opened the bathroom door and promptly shut it behind her. 

"Where is it?" Ina asked. 

Zelinnia let out another racking sob and Elunara pointed. 

Ina looked in the seat and sighed. "Further along than I thought." She shook her head. "Can't do anything about that now." She knelt in front of the pair. "I gotta take a look at you."

"Come on Sweetie, you need to turn around. Ina's gotta fix you." Elunara helped shift Zelinnia in her lap so the woman was leaning back against her. 

Ina tugged up the ruined dress and began her examination. 

"It's alright sweetie, I got you." Elunara ran her hands over Zelinnia's face and hair. "I know it hurts, but you just got to work through it. That's my girl."

"Well, there's still some after birth but we'll get that cleaned out. Otherwise, you're actually pretty well intact." Ina sighed. "I'm not going to use that birth control stuff anymore. It's not as reliable as my original stuff. Going to cost me a penny to get it in." She kept talking, trying to distract Zelinnia from the work she was doing. Every time the woman hissed or whispered, Ina felt terrible. It was never easy to lose something you were looking forward to. "But, you'll be fine. Once we get you cleaned up, and you have some recovery, you can try again another time."

"No. I can't do this again." Zelinnia whimpered. "I just can't."

"Oh, yes you can." Elunara stroked Zelinnia's belly. "You can because you want to. Just because this mess happened, doesn't mean you'll have it happen again. Who knows if that mess Ina's been serving isn't exactly responsible for this."

"Good point." Ina nodded. "If it's supposed to clear the belly, then the last dose I gave you might have done this. Don't blame your body." Ina wiped her hands on the ruined dress. "I want to get you into my building."

"No! No! Please." Zelinnia whimpered. 

The door opened and Renwa stood there in complete shock. "WHAT IS GOING ON?" He roared. "Elunara you better answer me!" He pointed at her. 

Zelinnia curled in a ball. "NO! Don't look... don't!" She whimpered. 

"Zelinnia lost the baby." Ina shook her head.

Renwa went sheet white. "What baby?" He whispered. 

"I'm sorry, Ina." Leslia sighed. "He physically picked me up and moved me out of the way." 

Ina frowned at Zelinnia. "You told me you were going to tell him."

"Don't." Zelinnia whimpered. 

Elunara tugged the woman into her lap. "Sweetie, we're beyond all hope now."

Ina wiped her hands on the remains of the dress. "Zelinnia here was pregnant. This morning she lost the baby."

"She barricaded herself in here, because she didn't want you to be upset with her." Elunara sighed. "I had to use my skills to get a message to Ina. 

Renwa knelt down and ran his hand down Zelinnia's hair. "Love of my heart, I don't know why you could possibly think I'd be upset with you." He wrapped his arms around her. "I'm upset that you'd try to keep this from me, instead of just telling me so I could get you help." 

"We need to get her to Ina's building."

"No... they'll see." Zelinnia whimpered. 

Renwa scooped her up. "You're going. I won't lose you, just so you can save face." 

Ina nodded. "As it should be." She turned to the other priestess. "Leslia, can you deal with this mess? Standard blood removal should be enough."

"Right away." Leslia nodded. 

Elunara sighed and climbed up. 

"You are a good friend." Leslia smiled.

"Well, this good friend has to stay with her." Elunara jogged after them. She caught up with Renwa at the door. Zelinnia reached out, and Elunara took her hand. "I'm here, Sweetie."

"It hurts." She whimpered. 

"I know sweetie, I know." 

Jerry frowned. "What happened? Zelinnia?"

Elunara put her hand on Jerry's chest. "I hate to use this one, but believe me, it's none of your business." She shook her head and caught back up, grabbing Zelinnia's hand. 

"They'll know." She whimpered

"Men don't know a damned thing."

Renwa laid Zelinnia on the table and pulled up a chair to her side. He grabbed her hand and put his forehead against it. 

Elunara sighed and ran her fingers across Zelinnia's forehead. "Sweetie, you could have hurt yourself more, by trying to hide." 

"I hurt." Zelinnia whimpered.

"Here, drink this." Ina held up a cup. 

Elunara held up Zelinnia's head as she helped her drink. Zelinnia drifted off and Elunara laid her down. With a sigh, Elunara straightened Zelinnia's clothes and her hair. "Oh, my little darling, you hurt yourself so much."

"Why? Why would she not tell me?"

"Because she wasn't sure it would work, I guess."

"No, not that. I don't care about that!" Renwa laid his head next to Zelinnia's. "She was in trouble and she didn't even come to me. She wanted you."

"She wanted a woman. I'm pretty much the only one she really knows. She didn't want to hurt your feelings by not telling you about the pregnancy. Knowing her strange little mind, she wanted to save face. This was just another embarrassing thing to her. You know how she hides when she feels embarrassed." 

He sighed. "I'm just... hurt." 

Elunara reached over and put her hand on Renwa's shoulder. "She loves you. I know this. The ones that love you always manage to hurt you the most." 

"Alright, I've done what I can. I've stopped the hemorrhaging." Ina wiped her hands. "We're going to do a lay on hands." She nodded to the two priestesses standing by. They approached on either side of Zelinnia, putting their hands on Zelinnia's belly. Ina reached out from between Zelinnia's knees and put her hands on Zelinnia's hips. 

Renwa put a hand on Zelinnia's shoulder and held her hand. 

Elunara sighed and ran her thumb on Zelinnia's temple. Taking Zelinnia's hand, she said a small prayer for Zelinnia's sanity. The priestesses began their right, and Elunara felt the steady stream of healing. She closed her eyes and prayed. 

After a moment, she was aware they had finished. Opening her eyes she became aware that everyone was staring at her, even Renwa.

"What?"

"How did you do that?" Renwa frowned. "I thought your classification was Rogue." 

"Do what?"

"She did it again." Whispered Tia. 

"Wait," Renwa looked back and forth. "Is that the same thing you did to Jordan?"

"I didn't do anything." Elunara shook her head. "Why do you lunatics keep thinking I'm doing a damned thing?"

Ina shook her head. "You know, I haven't sensed anything from you in all these years. Something happened when you lent yourself to Jordan, and I think it's still there." 

"Great." Elunara muttered. 

Zelinnia began to cough and sputter. She looked over at Renwa and began to cry. "I'm so sorry."

"Shhh, shh, it's ok." He wrapped his arms around her. "I'm not mad. Please baby, don't cry." He whispered. 

"I'll go." Elunara lifted her hand, but Zelinnia had a death grip on her wrist. 

"No, don't."

"Alright, I'll stay."

"I felt you." She whispered.

"What?" Chills went up Elunara's spine.

"I don't know." Zelinnia shook her head. "I could hear you telling me that it would be ok." She sniffled. "That Johnathan wouldn't hate me."

"I could never hate you." Renwa buried his face in her neck. "No matter what, I'll always love you." 

"I did say that... err, thought that." She shook her head. "How can you feel me Renwa?"

"My classification may be warrior, but I come from a long line of Paladins. I still have a mild aptitude for it."

The door opened and Leslia stepped in. "The bathroom has been cleansed."

"I'm so sorry." Zelinnia whimpered.

"It's quite alright, we're used to cleaning up such messes. Our main concern is you." Leslia smiled.

"The rites have already been completed." Tia nodded. "Elunara did it again."

"I missed it?" She frowned. 

Elunara yanked at her hair. "This can't be happening." 

Zelinnia wrapped her arms around Elunara. "You saved me again."

"There was nothing to save. You were already going to be fine." She sighed.

"No." Zelinnia shook her head. "You healed my heart. I can't explain it in a way that would make sense, but it's like you took the darkness that had wrapped itself around my head and heart, and you shooed it away. You told it where to shove itself and... it went away." Sniffled. "I still feel horrible, but I don't hate myself anymore."

"Oh." Elunara blinked several times. "I..."

Leslia put a hand on Elunara's shoulder. "Do you believe now?"

Elunara dropped her shoulders and sighed. "You're all crazy." She pushed Zelinnia on to Renwa. "This is crazy." She ran a hand through her hair. "I'm going to let you two have some time to deal with... this." Elunara turned and walked out. Once on the street, she just kept running. 

Jordan watched Elunara go by in a flash and he started running after her. He went to the training yard first and flagged Grogek. 

"What's up?"

"Something's got Elunara freaked out. Any ideas where I should look?" 

Grogek frowned. "Do you remember the clearing where she read those journal pages?"

"Yeah?"

"She goes there. I don't know why, but she likes to think there." He grabbed Jordan's arm. "If I'm needed..."

"Yes, of course."

"And remember, if it's a female problem, or just because, Tulani is at the tailor's."

"Right." Jordan took off running. He remembered this spot well. She was sitting in the spot where she'd slit the throat of Grogek's sister. "Elunara?"

She looked up and ran her fingers through her hair. "Oh, hey Jordan."

"I saw you running. Grogek said I'd find you here."

"Gods, I don't even know why I ran." She sighed and picked up a handful of dirt, letting it run through her fingers. 

"What happened with Zelinnia?"

"She..." Elunara sighed. "She was pregnant, and... she just lost it. There was blood everywhere. The bathroom was a mess." 

"Oh, man. She and Renwa have to be shredded." Jordan sat down beside Elunara and twirled a lock of her hair between his fingers.

"Renwa didn't know. Not until he shoved his way into the bathroom. We took her to the healer's building, where they got her cleaned up, and did a lay on hands."

"She ok?"

"I... I did it again."

Jordan blinked at her. "Did what, Baby?"

"The thing everyone says I did for you. I... did it to Zelinnia. Instead of healing her body, I... she says she heard me. Heard what I was thinking as I prayed for her sanity." Elunara ran her fingers through her hair again. "How could I do something I don't even understand? Even Renwa sensed me with his latent paladin abilities. That's insane."

"And that's what's got you spooked." 

"I wouldn't say spooked." She mumbled.

"Baby, I know you. You wouldn't be hiding out here if you weren't completely freaked out." 

"I'm not..." She sighed. "What is going ON? Once is a fluke, twice is... weird. She repeated my own words back to me. Unlike her, I know I didn't say them out loud." Elunara shook her head. 

"Why does this bother you so much?"

"Because I'm nearly sixty years old. I know that's impossible for your brain to work out, but this should have happened years ago. I've had more extreme circumstances, and not once have I shown an aptitude for this. I know who I am. I've always known what I was, I just got used to being a who. I don't want things to change, because this is who I am and I know what I do."

"So you're afraid of change." He nodded. "Huh. I would not have called you for being afraid of change."

"Oh, don't be so crass."

He laughed. "Didn't someone recently say same to you? Shouldn't you be there for your friend, in this horrible moment of her life, instead of worrying about this gift that has now saved two people you love?" He cocked his head to the side. "Wait, love." He slapped his hand on his knee. "In those times before, you didn't love anyone. You barely loved yourself. Now your heart has been opened, and it was your heart that called to me. Maybe if you'd had love before..."

She jerked up. "Elune save me, you're right."

He stood up and brushed her hair out of her face. "It's a new thing, and that's fine. You'll work it out, because you're you. But, maybe we should be there for Zelinnia first."

"I feel so selfish." Elunara wiped the tears from her face. 

Jordan kissed just below her eyes. "Come on, baby, let's go see how she's doing." 

Elunara linked her hand with his. "Thank you."

"I have my uses." 

Elunara sighed as she knocked on Renwa's door. 

After a few moments, Renwa opened the door. He eyed her. "It's not like you to run off like that." 

"I'm sorry, please forgive me."

"I talked some sense into her." Jordan grinned. 

"Come on. Zelinnia isn't as devastated as she was earlier, but she's still not seeing people. She'll see Elunara though." He backed away so they could enter. 

"What has been said?"

He sighed. "I told people she was injured in an accident. It's as close to true as she'll allow." 

"She loves you, and doesn't want to be a disappointment."

"She loves you too, and was shattered when you took off."

"I'm sorry." Elunara bit her lip.

He closed his eyes and sighed. "I'm sorry, that was cruel. Just... go up."

As Elunara went up the stairs, Jordan glared at Renwa. "I know this is an awful time, but you don't have to take shots at Elunara. She feels stupid enough." 

"What IS her problem?"

"This ability she's demonstrated, it has her terrified. Not just worried, but shit your paints terrified. I don't know what that means. I'm not sure she does either." 

"Zelinnia?" Elunara pushed the bedroom door open. 

Zelinnia was staring out the window, propped up in bed. "Ina says that, even though they healed my body, I should stay in bed for the week if possible."

"I'm sorry I ran away. I don't know what I was thinking." Elunara approached the bed. 

Zelinnia turned to her, tears staining her face. "I guess you pulled a me." 
