 Elunara made her way down to the training yard and found Grogek standing to the side, seething.

"How's Mark?" 

"Doing better, we managed to heal his belly, and then I had a lovely chat with his girlfriend, who apparently can't decide if she wants to wait for marriage or not, giving Mark a good case of blue ball."

"Oof, tough." He frowned. "We?"

"Yeah, I'll explain later, but I lent my energy to helping heal the wound. A centimeter deeper and he'd be dead."

"I knew I shouldn't let him walk on his own." Grogek spit. "Save me from idiots."

"Hey, he made it just fine. So, which one is the moron?"

"Blue guy with a staff. Nikal." 

"Ugh, his form is pathetic." 

"He's from here, rescued from slavers. Wants to know how to fight in case they come again."

"Figures." She kissed his cheek. "You'll whip him into shape in no time." 

He ran his hand down her ass. "I'm just going to keep him away from sharp things until I have more confidence in him."

"Ina would appreciate it." 

Without warning, Grogek shot his hand out and caught the staff mere inches from Elunara's face. "Or, I might refuse him ALL weapons..." Grogek muttered.

"Dude!" Someone yelled. "You almost took out Grogek's wife!"

Nikal dropped to his knees and started bowing. "Please, please don't kill me." 

Elunara sighed. "Let me talk to him." She took the staff out of Grogek's hand and walked over to the groveling Nikal. "Get up." 

Nikal stood on shaky legs. "Please..."

"Show me your hands."

"What?"

"Palms up, let me see." 

He held his hands out and winced.

She ran her hands over his palms and considered. She jammed the staff into the ground and carefully inspected his fingers and palms. "What did they do to you?" she murmured. "I haven't seen this kind of damage in years..."

"I... I got caught stealing food for the others. They made me stick my hands on coals. Every time I was caught, they..."

"Come with me." She grabbed him by the wrist. "I'm borrowing this." Elunara saluted Grogek and kept moving.

"He is... your husband?"

"Yes." 

"He is a rather large orc." 

"People keep telling me that." She stopped by the leather worker's building. "Hey, Sam. I need a favor." 

"Sure, Elunara, what's up?"

"I need a pair of gloves, soft inside, outside for grips. For this guy." She sat Nikal in a chair. "Sam's going to measure your hands." She looked up. "I'll probably need a couple of pairs. Make one a tight fit, the other a lose fit, Ina will probably want to bind his hands."

Sam considered as he measured. "Yeah, I agree. Let her get some salve on those and then we'll fit him another time."

"You keep nearly killing everyone because your hands have no grip. They're burned smooth. The gloves will give you a grip. I also suspect you might have some nerve damage, making it difficult to clamp your hands properly. We'll work on that."

"I'll have to make buckles at the wrist." Sam nodded. 

"Charge the buckles to me."

"Can do." Sam nodded. "Got what I need."

"Good." She grabbed Nikal by the wrist again. "Follow." 

"You are very kind."

"People keep telling me that." She pushed open the door to the healer's building. "Ina!"

"Ina isn't here."

Elunara sighed. "Gods, it's always you. Look, just get Ina's burn salve. He needs some for his hands."

Leslia peered at the hands. "How long ago was this?"

Nikal shifted uncomfortably. 

"Slavers. He needs after care." 

"Alright." 

Grogek opened the door. "I assume you discovered something I didn't see?"

Elunara held up one of the Draenei's hands. "They have no grip to them."

He ran his fingers across the palm. "Here I just thought he was exceptionally clumsy." 

"You and I both know where assumptions have gotten us." 

Leslia stooped down and began to rub the salve into the man's palms. "This should help make your hands soft and aid in the healing of new tissue. We'll have to bandage your hands."

"I've got the leatherworker making him some gloves."

"Yes, that will do nicely." She smiled back at the Draenei. "I'll wrap your hands. Come back in the morning and we'll change out your bandages." 

"Yes." He murmured. "Yes I will." He smiled at Leslia. "You are very beautiful."

She smiled back. "Just keep returning in the morning so that we can get you back in the training yard." 

"I'd keep to the staff." Elunara nodded. "At least until we're more certain how his injuries will heal." Elunara led the way back to the leatherworker. And Grogek continued on. "Hey, Sam. He's bandaged up."

"Sure, let me see if my calculations are right." He considered. "Yeah, these will work. I'll have them to you in about an hour more."

"Sure thing, just bring them down to training."

"Can do." 

"I owe you so much." 

Elunara shrugged. "No more than anyone else in this town." 

"You are too kind..." Nikal trailed off and stared at the Draenei woman holding a basket.

"Hey, Tulani." 

"Oh, there you are." Tulani pressed her lips to Elunara's mouth. 

Nikal stared, completely dumbstruck. 

"Oh, hello." Tulani smiled. 

"I was just taking him back to the training yard. He's one of the slaver rescues that Grogek's taken on training."

Tulani gave him a sad smile. "Oh, I was taken by slavers too. Elunara rescued me." Tulani laid her head on the Night Elf's chest. "She is very kind; don't let her make you think otherwise."

Elunara laughed and wrapped her arms around Tulani. "You're warm. You've been busy haven't you?"

"Yes, your dress has been redesigned and refitted; Eloise would like you to try it on before the ceremony in a couple of days."

"Ceremony?"

"Oh, Admiral Renwa is getting married. I'm the Maid of honor, Tulani is the bridesmaid and General Grogek and General Jordan will be groomsmen. Well, Jordan is best man." Elunara shook her head. "It's all a little overwhelming." 

"Darguni had the cutest outfit." Tulani giggled.

"Where is he?"

"Last I saw, Eloise was trying to wrestle it on to him."

"That'll be a sight to see." Elunara kissed Tulani. "I'll be up there in a bit to try it on." 

"Alright. Well, I have some projects that I want to take home." 

"Tippy said she was sending a pot of soup home." 

"Oh, lovely."

"Who was that vision?" Nikal breathed. 

"My wife." 

He froze. "What? But, I thought Grogek was your husband."

"Both are true." Elunara shrugged. "General Jordan is also my lover. We all live together."

"I do not understand."

"You'll come to, eventually." She raised her hands. "Everyone usually does." 

"You have a wife, a husband and a lover?"

"Also a baby and a rapidly growing sabre cat. Details, details." She laughed. "Even if Tulani wasn't mine, she's not interested in men. Don't even try."

"How do you find time for all of that?"

"I also run two of my own businesses. One that is a portrait studio, the other is sexual healing. I don't have enough time left in the day to even explain that one."

"My goodness." 

"You should volunteer for the book project I've been working on. I draw you as you are, then I have you strip naked so I can draw your entire body. I do in-depth drawings and find every little thing about you and put it in Ina's healer book, so that if you're sick or injured, she can look at the book and determine what's different. It has been very helpful in identifying the remains of those who have been killed in action."

"That is fascinating."

"Oh, don't look so terrified. Ask any of the men, they'll tell you I'm amazing. If you don't want to be... touched in that way, then you tell me. I try to satisfy all requests." 

"Does any of your other... family participate?"

"No. They don't even try." 

He couldn't decide if he should be disappointed or relieved. He thought of that gorgeous Draenei he saw earlier.

"If anyone would even try..." Elunara continued. "It would be Grogek. But since I brought Jordan in the picture, Grogek hasn't harassed any of my clients."

Nikal crashed back to reality. "You mean, he used to?"

"Oh, from time to time, he found it amusing to come in during a session. If I was sucking someone off, he's slip in behind me. Or other things. It made them nervous, and some didn't come back. Now that Jordan lives with us, we can all satisfy that carnal desire to share my body with each other. I even made a fascinating couch with levers and everything that make some of those positions so much more fun." Elunara giggled. "Why did I tell you that already?" She shrugged. "Anyway, have fun training." He shoved him forward. 

Grogek gave her a slide glance. "I know that look, what did you do?"

"Our newest recruit has the hots for Tulani. You know I had to traumatize him."

Grogek watched Nikal. "He better not try anything. I'll keep my eye on him."

"Yeah, I'll let her know to be aware. However, he might just be a harmless flirt. He was flirting with Leslia too." 

"I'd push that one, maybe he could get her off your ass."

Elunara grabbed him by the fang and pulled his face to hers. "I do enjoy when we think alike." Pressing her mouth to his, she wrapped her arms around his neck.

He slid his hands into her pants and squeezed her ass. 

"I leave you two alone for a minute, and I get left out." 

Elunara laughed and grabbed Jordan by his shirt and kissed him too. 

He slipped a hand under her shirt. "Yeah, insatiable is the right word for you."

Elunara cackled wildly. 

"Good Gods, you three." 

Everyone looked over at Gerald. "I can kiss you too, if you feel left out."

"No thank you, I can maintain some dignity around here."

"Pfft, who needs dignity?"

"Apparently, all of you." 

Jordan jumped backwards and straightened his spine. Grogek and Elunara just looked over.

"Seriously," Renwa sighed. "I just can't rely on you three to lead by example."

Grogek snorted. "I lead just fine, thank you."  He did pull his hands out of Elunara's pants anyway. 

"Elunara gets involved, and suddenly everyone loses their minds... and their pants." Renwa raised an eyebrow. "In any event, I've heard that Elunara has had another... happening."

She dropped her arms and sighed. "Mark got cut open and I offered my energy." She shook her head. "It's starting to freak me out."

"Well, maybe some good will come of it." 

"Speaking of good, ready for your wedding in three days?" Elunara grinned. 

Renwa sighed. "It's taking too long to get here."

"I have no idea how Ina finds the time to plan these things."

"Probably the same way you find time for... everything you manage to do." Renwa grinned.

"Ok, you got me there." Elunara stepped between Renwa and Jordan. "Hey, while I have you both here..." She pointed to the Draenei. "Nikal there has the hots for Tulani. You know me, I did my best to discourage... but he didn't seem to be listening."

Jordan sighed. "Grand."

"However, he was also flirting with Leslia, so... maybe he's just like that. I'm going to be watching him."

Renwa put a hand on Elunara's shoulder. "We'll keep Tulani safe."

Elunara flipped through the pages on her board and put them in their proper order on her shelf. She stuck more paper and fresh pencils in the board and laid it on her couch. She opened the door and flipped her sign. "Right on time." 

"Yeah, I know how you are."

Elunara smirked. "Well, you know lots about me, but it occurs to me that I never learned much about you." 

Gerald grinned. "Not much to know."

"Sit. I'll start on a fresh portrait, and you can tell me more." She grinned. "You know how I work."

He sat in the chair and leaned back, propping his arm over the back of the chair. "Fine, I was orphaned at a pretty young age; the Horde attacks took most of my family and friends. I found my way to Stormwind. I managed to pick the pocket of Mathias... he told me I had something better. Trained me from there." 

"I never knew that. I'm sorry." She continued to sketch. He was actually kind of handsome with that cocky look to him. 

He shrugged. "Eh, it's ok. Like you, I've had plenty of time to accept things." 

"Fifteen years is a long time to work together, especially in our line of work."

"Eighteen, and yeah." 

"You'd figure I'd have learned that about you by now." She frowned. 

"Well, I've learned that you have a beautiful ass." He laughed, but only she would have heard the nerves behind it.

She grinned at him. "Changing the subject I see."

"What? It's true."

"I'm not going to bite this time. I promise." She smiled. "Shirt please."

He laughed nervously as he took off his shirt. "Yeah, well. You can be vicious when you want to be." 

She put her board to the side and walked over. Putting her hands on his shoulders, she slid her fingers down his arms as she bent over in front of him. Her fingers hooked in the top of his pants. "Trust me." She whispered. "Trust me and I'll show you what I can do." 

"Alright." He whispered back. 

She walked back to her board and bent to pick it up. She looked back at him and grinned before sitting down. 

He shivered, but it wasn't the cold. 

She went through the standard routine with him, letting him sit in the chair as she continued to work. He'd gotten a few new scars, but all minor stuff. She'd have to put it together with her previous work. She had him stand, and inspected him thoroughly in her usual way. By time she finished with her work, he was practically shaking. She put her board to the side and ran her fingertips on his chest. 

"Now," She breathed. "What would work for you?" 

"Can I touch you?" He whispered. 

"Yes." 

He reached out and put his hands on her hips, sliding them back. He tugged her forward and slid his hands down her ass, his fingers cupping the cheeks. He shuddered and groaned. "Gods your ass drives me crazy." 

"I'm sensing a theme here." She grinned. 

"I don't even know why." He shook his head. 

"You know, I think I have the perfect thing for you..." She pulled herself free and went to her couch. She pulled a couple of levers on it to get the height she wanted, and then unclipped different parts.

He was curious despite himself. "The hell is that?"

"I call it a fuck couch. I have the whole thing rigged to set it up for my comfort and others, while I... have my fun." She grinned back at him. "And one more..." The slats fell into place. She pulled her pants off and climbed in comfortably. "See, my feet are propped comfortably, my arms lay in it like so, my torso is comfortably cushioned, and my ass is in the air. Perfect for rear entry, and ass play." She winked. "Care to give it a go?"

"Damn, would I!" He reached out and rubbed his hands on her ass. "Can I?"

She grinned as she looked over her shoulder. "My recommendation is get yourself nice and slick in my pussy, and then you can have a go at my ass." She eyed him. "Don't worry, you're not as big as Grogek, you'll be fine."

"Feh, I've seen that tree trunk he wields." He rubbed her ass as he stepped up on the ledge. With one hand, he gripped her hip, and the other he moved to her slick folds. "Gods, you're soft." He pressed a pair of fingers inside. With a shuddering breath, he spread her lips apart and pressed himself inside. "Elunara..." he groaned as he slid himself in and out. His fingers dug into her hips and he wrapped an arm around her waist, his fingers sliding through that slick warmth. 

She moaned softly and wiggled against him. His face pressed against her neck. "Are you coated?" She whispered. "Because you can shift up now." 

He straightened up and slid out of her. She wasn't kidding, he was drenched with her. He stepped up on the next spot and rubbed his dick against her ass. Pressing in, he groaned. His hands gripped her ass as he slid into her. "Shit, yes." He groaned, missing the irony of his statement. He slid in and out. 

"Give it some go, Gerald, it's difficult to hurt me." 

He began to pick up his pace. "If I..." He panted. "Could find a woman..." He groaned as he slammed into her ass. "With an ass half as good as yours..." With a shudder he released and dug his fingers into the flesh of her ass. "I'd marry her on the spot." He stood there, enjoying the flex of her around him. When he could tolerate it no more, he pulled himself lose of her.

"Is that so?" Elunara grinned at him.

"I have no idea why I just told you that." He flopped down in the chair. 

"People tell me all sorts of things they don't even want to admit to themselves." She grinned. "I haven't found out why that is, yet."

"Which is why you've always been the best agent. You told us what they didn't want told." He shook himself. She laughed and started clipping her couch back together. 

"That thing is bizarre but effective." Gerald shook his head.

"Hey, I'm an engineering scribe. I design things." She shrugged and yanked the lever. The whole thing popped back together. "Also a pair of traits that helped me in the field." She giggled. After cleaning herself off, she tossed the towel in the bin and pulled her pants on. 

"I've been to a lot of whores..." He shook his head. "You're just something else."

"Most of them are where they are because of poor circumstances. I am where I am, because I want to be. They usually see selling themselves, or giving themselves as a means to survive. Capture the affection of a rich one, and your life is made for you. Me? I always saw it as a means to get what I want, but not monetarily. I fuck because I get bored. I don't need to figure out where my next meal is." She shrugged. "I'm not a whore, I'm THE whore. There's a distinction. I knew it early." 

She considered him. "Most have left, or at least yanked on their pants by now." 

He leaned forward and put his elbows on his knees. "Maybe I am just a little bit in love with you. Nothing for it, I guess."

"I'll keep my eyes peeled for a girl with a nice ass who wants it played with." With a grin, she pat his shoulder. 

"Hey, you think that's possible?"

"If we were in Stormwind, I could recommend a couple of girls already." She shrugged. "Round here..." She tapped a finger to her chin. "Maybe... Hmm."

He ran his fingers through his hair. "That'd be pretty sweet."

"Honeychild, anything is possible. Now yank on your pants, I have another client in fifteen minutes."

"Do you fuck all of your clients?"

"No. Now, get."

He laughed as he pulled on his pants. That little session was going to keep him going for the next year.