 "What happened to her?" Grogek held Elunara's still cold hand. 

She was still breathing, but most of her body had gone cold, and only her chest held any warmth. The healers wrapped her in blankets and put warmed bottles around her. Tulani kept her hands on Elunara's forehead. Zelinnia was helping to warm the water and blankets.

"This is what it's like for Elunara to reach the end of her stamina. She used So much of it to kill all of those men and bring you back. It's a wonder she didn't pass out before them." Leslia sighed. 

"Sheer damned adrenaline." Ina shrugged. "By time she got to town that's all she was running on. When she finally let herself relax, it gave up. I'm not sure how long it will take for her to..."

Elunara groaned. She wanted to put her hand to her head, but it was so damned heavy. A hand came up and brushed her face. She looked at a blurry brown form. "Grogek?"

"I'm here, my love." 

"I am too." Tulani rubbed her hand across Elunara's forehead. 

"I..." Elunara sighed and relaxed her body. "I spoke to them."

"Them?" 

"I... I don't understand." She mumbled. "Elune and... the light. I think there was a Naaru? None of it made since. I even spoke to some spirits. It was like... every time I spoke, they turned into something else."

Everyone just stared. 

"She... they... I don't know. Elune told me, that... she'd always been there. That she couldn't help me until I opened myself. She LIKED me. Gods, I don't understand any of it." Elunara closed her eyes and fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.

Elunara groaned and rolled over. With a frown, she stared at the sheet. Looking above her head, she could see her pictures. She was home in her bed. She sat up and stared. The entire room had been filled with flowers and trinkets. "What the hell?"

Grogek entered the room and sighed. "Of course you'd wake up the moment I had to take a leak." 

"What's all this?" 

"The town is quite concerned with your recovery. Hold on one moment." He ducked back out and Elunara heard him say: "She's awake." 

He walked back in and laid his hand on her forehead. "You're warm."

"I don't feel sick."

"You've been cold. Just so damned cold for the past week. We weren't sure..."

"A week?"

"Zelinnia ran in and bolted into the bed, wrapping her arms around Elunara's waist. Tulani was in shortly after, climbing in the bed and wrapping her arms around Elunara's back. 

Jordan jogged in and sighed. "I need to run faster, there's no room for me." 

Grogek side stepped. "There's a spot right there."

With a grin, Jordan slid on to the bed and laid his head on Elunara's unoccupied shoulder.

"Everyone will be so pleased to know you're alright." Grogek grinned. 

"Where's Darguni?"

"I have him." 

Everyone looked over to Renwa carrying Darguni. He walked over and placed him in her lap. Elunara wrapped her arms around her baby and sighed. 

"Things are kind of jumbled."

"Well, first you decimated an army of orcs." Said Jordan.

"Then you brought me back from the dead." Said Grogek.

"Then you made the wedding work." Said Zelinnia. 

"Then you made a slave of the orc war leader." Renwa laughed.

"Then you passed out, and communed with Elune and the light." Tulani brushed Elunara's hair out her face.

"I remember... most of it." She shook her head. "Ok, I'm really fuzzy on the army thing, I just remember being desperate to bring you back, the wedding was lovely, that asshole better have done what I told him, and... ok you lost me."

Tulani sighed. "I was worried about that. You woke up and told us that Elune had spoken to you, that the incarnations of the various beliefs showed themselves to you. You said that she couldn't help you until you opened yourself." 

"Nope. Don't remember that one." 

"Oh well." Jordan kissed her cheek. "You're alive, and I praise every one of them." 

"We all do." Grogek grinned. He kissed her. "You tried to sacrifice yourself to bring me back. That much I know for sure." He brushed his thumb on her cheek.

"You gave us all a good scare." Renwa laughed. 

"I guess I should tell you..." Zelinnia flushed. 

"What, sweetie?"

"I'm pregnant again." She grinned.

Elunara reached down and pulled Zelinnia up. "I'm so glad for you!" She hugged her. "Gods, you all need to let me get out of bed. My legs are killing me."

Grogek looked to Tulani.

"I agree. She needs to get out of bed."

Everyone shifted and allowed her to stand up. She climbed out of bed and stretched. She went to her closet and dug out some clothes and yanked them on.

"What does it say; that none of us are surprised to see a naked Elunara?" Renwa chuckled. 

Elunara grinned at him. "That I love every damned one of you?" 

"I should mention... Charnak refuses to do anything. He did what you told him, and now he waits for your next order." Renwa rolled his eyes. 

"Oh, goody." 

"He claims that he will only take orders from "The Goddess of War and Mercy."

"Oh, he's elaborating now." She snagged her board and frowned. "I would have preferred to prep the wedding pictures from memory. I'll get to it."

"We have some other artists who'd be glad to share their impressions."

"Might be useful." She emptied her board and refilled it. 

"What are you doing, love?" 

"I'm prepping to have a little conversation with our newest "guest"."

Grogek laughed. "You're not even properly recovered and you want to get back to work."

"You know me, I don't sit well."

Tulani laughed and wrapped her arms around Elunara. "I think you're recovered enough."

Elunara turned and wrapped her arms around Tulani. "Thank you."

"You practice what you preach, getting back in to it immediately. I will head out, let Eloise know what's going on."

"Good girl."

Renwa hugged Elunara. "I'm glad you're back on your feet. I'm going back to work. Though, if I could ask a favor..."

"Sure."

"Zelinnia doesn't want to ask, because you know how she is..."

"Hey!" 

"But can we borrow Darguni for a little while?"

Elunara laughed. "Yes. I think you two need the practice." 

"Of course we do." He winked. 

Zelinnia threw herself at Elunara again and kissed her on the cheek. "We were so worried." Tears streamed down her face.

Elunara wiped her fingers across Zelinnia's tears. "You're too sweet. Go play with the toddler for a little while. It'll make you wonder why you're doing this." Elunara rubbed Zelinnia's belly. 

Elunara eyed Jordan and Grogek. "Shouldn't you two be doing other stuff?"

They looked at each other. "Well, we have been taking turns watching you." Jordan began. 

"Quite frankly, now that you're awake..." Grogek sighed.

"Neither of us wants to leave your side right now." Jordan finished.

"Oh, fine." She stood on her toes and kissed Grogek, then turned and kissed Jordan. "You can play the big angry bodyguards for now." 

They both grinned at her before slipping their hands down the back of her pants. "Ours." They said at once.

She laughed. "Let me guess, you two have been comparing scars and rez stories."

"Maybe." 

"Men." She scoffed. "Huh." She sighed. "I must not be recovered yet. I'm not the least bit horny."

The men looked at each other and Grogek hefted her over his shoulder. "You're going back to bed."

"Oh, put me down." 

"You not horny, is like saying the sun is blocked out. Something is wrong." Jordan shook his head. 

"That's called a solar eclipse you doofus, and they pass." She sighed. "Look, my body is still tired; my stamina hasn't completely refilled. I guess I've never used so much before. But if I go back to that bed, I'm just going to forgo all sex for the next week, and that's just damaging me. So think carefully of your actions..."

Jordan and Grogek shared another look. "Fine." They said at once. Grogek sat Elunara down. 

"Now, let's go see a prisoner." 

Elunara stepped outside and took a huge breath of fresh air. It was a wonder she didn't cry from it. Elune, she was tired. She was shocked when two sets of arms came around her.

"We were so worried!" 

"You're really ok!"

"Hello Jerry, Hello Louis."

Jerry sniffled. "We've been trying to handle Jordan's duties while he watched you."

"Mark's been handling the training yard with Gerald." Louis almost squeezed the air out of her.

"Gods, both of you. Let go."

"Attention, the both of you." Grogek growled. 

Both men shot straight up, Jerry's head cracked Elunara in the nose. She grabbed her face. 

"Oh, Gods! I'm so sorry!" 

Elunara held her hand out. "Stop. Both of you. Elune save me. Just... go get me a list of the dead, please?"

"Right away!" 

Jordan watched them run off. "I think I've finally figured it out."

"Figured what out?" Elunara rubbed her sore nose.

"You're like a mother to them."

Elunara froze and stared. "Run that by me again?" 

"Well, I've been trying to figure out why they react the way they do when they're around you. I wondered if it was some kind of variant on a crush, but it didn't sit right. Just now, it was like... I don't know... their mother, or something."

Elunara groaned. "Ugh, you're right. Well, that's just a weird sort of incest right there." She headed on to the jail. 

Jordan made a face. "Ew." 

Grogek just laughed. "The way you inspire people is amazing."

"I'm already someone's mother... I don't need to be mother to grown men." 

"Too late." Jordan grinned. 

It took way longer than it should have, as everyone had to stop and say something, including men she had saved as she cut her way through the orcs. She really only remembered running. Killing people? Eh. It was just fuzzy. 

"That reminds me, I need to finish the spell on your hand. Once it heals, it won't work as effectively anymore."

Grogek looked down at his hand. "We can do it later."

"Part of the reason I had the cabinet built and inscribed so heavily, was the intent and purpose of binding the weapon to you, like I did with my dagger. It's been quite handy."

"Hey, I kind of want one of those." Jordan laughed. 

"It's a bit of a complicated magic, but I might be able to whip something up. I've just never seen you commit to a particular weapon."

"Well, I do keep my sword."

She shrugged. "It has to be something you're already pretty attached to. It's difficult to explain."

"So, how were you attached to the dagger?"

"My mother gave it to me." 

Both Grogek and Jordan froze, staring at each other. 

"You've used it all this time..." Jordan trailed off.

"Funny how that works." She said with a grin. "Even after everything, even after she banished me, even after she told me in front of all of Darnassus that she had no daughter, this dagger continued to mean enough to me that the magic worked, even in times of crisis, even when I lay in the dark and hated her, cursing my banishment... it worked."

Grogek laid a hand on her shoulder. "You are strong."

"I'm completely bugfuck nuts, my love. Always remember that." 

They made their way down the stairs into the jails. Charnak was sitting on a bench, leaning back against the wall. He stood up when she entered.

"My Goddess of War and Mercy!" He called.

"The mercy's new." She said mildly. Jordan pulled out a chair for her and then stood at one shoulder. Grogek stood at the other. Elunara popped open the board and pulled out a pencil. "Alright chuckles, let's talk."

"What are you doing?" He put a hand to the bars and tried to peer over her board. 

"One of the many things I do here is to draw people. No matter what I decide to do with your carcass, I'd prefer to have a record of your existence."

"I find it interesting that a woman of your... abilities needs guards."

"These aren't my guards. Grogek here," She jerked her head in his direction. "Is my husband. I'm sure you're well acquainted with him. Jordan here," She jerked her head in his direction. "Is my lover. He keeps me entertained."

"Is that so?" He considered her in a different light. "Fascinating."

"In fact, around here, I'm known as the goddess of sex. What I want? Is mine. You'd be hard pressed to find a man in this town that hasn't given himself over to me."

"You control this town? I knew it." His eyes glittered with interest. "I once believed that mercy was the coward's way out of war. After seeing you on the battlefield, and your fearsome power, I realized that they are two sides of a coin." He narrowed his eyes at Grogek. "And you have tamed this one?"

Grogek began to laugh. "No one tamed Elunara. She is the tamer." He grinned.

"Where is Lama?"

"I slit her throat." Elunara shrugged. "She was worthless to me."

"In front of me, no less." Grogek grinned. "Elunara is the most vicious little she-wolf I have ever met." 

"I do enjoy when you call me that." She said mildly.

Charnak ran his hands on the bars. "I have seen it." He whispered in awe. He eyed her arm with interest. "Whose teeth are those?"

"Lorros." Grogek answered. "He dare defy her will."

"It was quite entertaining to rip them out while he still lived." She shrugged and continued her work.

It wasn't the first hard on Jordan had seen Elunara cause, but it was certainly the most disturbing. 

"Are there many like you?"

"I'm one of a kind, Sugarbutt."

"There are none like Elunara."

"On this world or the next." Jordan shook his head. 

"I did what you bade of me." Charnak nodded. 

"I am told that you refused to follow further instruction."

"These fleas do not command me."

"They work through MY will. To disobey them is to disobey ME. If you want, I'll take the time to point out the ones worthy of conveying my message."

"Yes, Goddess."

"First and foremost, Grogek and Jordan have already proven themselves to me. I will bring others." She snapped her board closed and stood up."

He reached through the bars. "Wait!" 

She smacked his hand. "No. You will wait here, for me to decide what next to do with you." She cocked her head to the side and opened her board back. She tugged free a piece of paper and snapped her board again. She held out the sheet. "Be good, and maybe I'll give you another treat." 

He gingerly took the sheet of paper and turned it over. He gasped at the picture of his likeness and sat on the floor, just studying it.

Once they were outside, Jordan just laughed. "You know how to work people."

"Hmm, yes, by making herself the leader, she appealed to what he already believed. He calls her goddess, and she sold it to him."

"Time to tell Renwa what I did." She sighed.

"Ma'am?"

They looked at the guard.

"That was pretty damned funny."

Elunara grinned. "You should see me when I try."