 Renwa laughed and shook his head. "The things you do, Elunara." With a sigh he looked over to Zelinnia playing with Darguni. "What is your plan with him?"

"My standard... extract every piece of information I can get, then slit his throat and dump him in a pit. He's useful to us right now because he knows things that Grogek does not. He's been cooped up here far too long and not been allow to get out and get us information."

"At this point, I wouldn't leave the town unguarded." Grogek nodded. "He can tell me trade routes, the lay of the land, or any number of things."

"Well, this goddess thing can be used in our favor. There isn't a man who was out there that day that doesn't speak of it in revered awe. I've heard things from Banshee, to Warrior Queen to Avenging Angel. I wish I could have seen it." 

Grogek grinned. "Me too." 

Renwa started digging through his desk. Zelinnia got up and grabbed a sheet of paper out of the stack and handed to him. 

"I have no idea how you always do that." He chuckled as he handed the paper to Elunara.

It was her in two poses. One was her running down the hill, dagger in hand, the other she was posed with her arms to the side dagger still in hand, with massive wings coming from her back. She appeared to be floating.

"What the hell?"

"This is a composite sketch done at the description of over fifty men, all who have said the same exact thing." He flipped through his papers. "There is another one that's a little more heart wrenching..."

Zelinnia reached over and yanked out a page. "Do stop shuffling things around until I can fix it."

Renwa laughed. "Yes, dear."

"I do like the sound of that." Zelinnia grinned as she passed over the page.

It was Elunara, screaming to the heavens, her arms wrapped around Grogek. 

"Wow." 

"The healers contributed to that one." Renwa pointed. "I figured you'd want a copy..."

"Copy?"

"Everyone who was there... wanted their own copy. The contributed to the description, they got a copy of the final pictures." 

"Oh, Hell."

Renwa nodded. 

"I got us copies of both." Zelinnia smiled sadly. "It's tragic yet beautiful and so very inspiring." 

"Zelinnia hung them in the living area. Though the other pictures you gave her... she hung in our bedroom."

Zelinnia blushed. "I really like those."

"Well, now it's just not fair. I'll have to get my own commissioned."

"I'm sure she has some, but I can always go for a new sitting." Zelinnia considered. She looked around at the other two men and blushed deeply. "Oh. Umm..." She sat back down in the floor with Darguni and pointedly refused to look up again. 

"Great, so now I'm a fucking Messiah." Elunara handed the pages to Grogek. "Goody fucking gumdrops. Now what am I supposed to do?"

"Oh, it gets better." Renwa shook his head. "Everyone has a long standing love/fear of you anyway, but now they call you some sort of secret weapon. The vengeance of hell itself, and it gets really grand and mysterious the longer they go." 

Elunara flopped down in a chair and held her head in her hands. "Kill me." 

Grogek laughed and put a hand on her shoulder. "Sorry love, not happening." 

"Sorry, we kill the messiah now, and there will be a riot on our hands." Renwa grinned. 

"I'm glad you all find this so damned funny."

"Just another day in the life of the goddess of death!" Zelinnia called cheerily, her back still to them. 

"I will get you for that." Elunara grumbled. 

"As long as it's in the bathtub." 

Everyone stared at Zelinnia. 

Elunara laughed at the heat flush on the back of her neck. "You're not getting out of that one." 

"I hate you." Zelinnia mumbled. 

Renwa laughed. "In any event, it's up to you to decide how you're going to play it. Knowing you, you'll find a way to return to normalcy." 

She ran her fingers through her hair. "Yeah, I guess."

"I should let you know that I-"

The door opened and everyone turned to look.

"Mother!" Elunara jumped out of her chair. 

Tyrande stepped forward and wrapped her hands around Elunara's face. "Elune save me, is what they are saying true?"

"Uh, yeah. Sorta."

Grogek held up the pages. 

Tyrande took them and stared down. "Renwa sent me copies of this, but it seems that more detail has been added since mine were sent."

"More than fifty men and women have contributed to the description of this event. Over and over I have sat and listened to their accounts, and not a thing changes. The event was so miraculous that the enemy surrendered himself against the belief that Elunara is some sort of goddess of war."

Tyrande gawked at her.

Elunara fidgeted and felt twelve years old. 

Tyrande looked to Grogek. "You were dead."

"Yes." He took off his shirt and pointed to the scar that finished him off. "This was the final blow." He turned so that she could see the whole scar. Pointing, Jordan explained each scar from the battle.

"You did not survive that..." 

"I am not claiming to." He pulled the shirt back over his head. 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Grogek as the tears streamed down her face. "I almost lost you." She whispered.

"You act as though you've never seen them."

Grogek wrapped his arms around her. "She hasn't. She's been unconscious until just this morning." 

"You should speak to the healers about her physical state after. She was ice cold... if you didn't see her breathe, you wouldn't have been sure she was." Jordan nodded. 

"Your face has healed rather well." Tyrande touched Jordan's cheek.

"Yeah." He smiled. "Elunara stayed on me about taking care of it." 

"Mother, why are you here?" Elunara laid her head against Grogek's chest.

"When they told me what you did, and how you spoke to Elune herself..."

"Ok, that part I don't even remember." Elunara groaned. 

"You don't?" She handed the sheets of paper to Jordan. "How could you not?"

"The healers said that I woke up and said some nonsense about speaking with Elune and all the different incarnations of beliefs. That Elune could not help me until I opened myself. Aside from that, it's a complete blank."

"I was there when you said it." Grogek kissed her shoulder. "You said that Elune spoke to you, but every time you spoke back, she turned from the essence of light, to the Naaru, to the spirits. You said that Elune liked you. You said that you had to open yourself." He stroked her hair. "You were so at peace."

"Aside from Jordan or Grogek, have you performed any miracles?"

"She saved me." Zelinnia stood up and wiped crumbs off her dress. "I... I was pregnant, and I lost the baby. It destroyed me. Elunara..." Zelinnia grabbed her hands. "She reached into me, and pulled out the darkness that had seeped in. You saved my heart." Zelinnia placed a hand over her belly even though it still did not show. "If you hadn't helped me... maybe I wouldn't feel so calm about this one."

"There was also one of our soldiers... Mark, who says that she gave of herself to help him." Renwa nodded.

"I'm so tired." Elunara sighed. "I'm so sick of all this." 

Grogek scooped her up. "Come; let's take you back to bed." She laid her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. 

Renwa watched them leave. "I guess she's still not up to snuff."

"Yeah," Jordan sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair. "She can sure act a mean game, but I was surprised she'd popped right out of bed." 

"She'll need a few more days I'm sure." Renwa nodded. 

"I still fail to see how Elunara keeps so many lovers. Do you not get jealous?"

Jordan laughed. "With a woman like Elunara, it's difficult to be jealous. She pours her whole heart out to both of us, and we know it to be genuine. She works so hard to keep all of us happy, that I wonder how she has the energy."

Tyrande shook her head. "Forgive me for even asking. What I have heard is making my head spin. She's been tested over and over again. Not one test has shown even a flicker of... this." She sat down with a sigh. "In fact, a priestess must maintain purity of body and soul. Because my own abilities are so strong, I was allowed to take a lover in order to continue the line. Then when Malfurion came back to us..." She shook her head. "The end point here, is that with as much as Elunara... desecrates her body, ruins any chance she would have of entering the sanctum." 

"With all due respect ma'am." Jordan sighed. "Elunara would slit her own throat before attempting such a thing. To even go so far as to suggest the idea... shows me that you don't know a damned thing about your own daughter. As someone who loves her just how she is, I am insulted to consider you her mother."

Renwa stared. "Jordan...." He warned. 

Jordan straightened his back. "No, Sir. In fact, I'm rather pissed off at the moment and I'm not afraid to say it. I love that woman. Grogek loves that woman. Tulani loves that woman. We love her as she is, no holds barred. Either of us would give our lives to see to her happiness. You sit here and not only judge us, but insult us for being who we are." He shook his head. "I used to have such huge respect for you. Now, I realize that you can be just as catty and bitchy as the rest of them." He walked out the door and slammed it. 

"I agree with Jordan." Zelinnia shrugged and picked up Darguni. "I'll be back later." She kissed Renwa's cheek. "I'd rather not be in the same room as her right now." 

"I believe I just got put in my place." Tyrande whispered. "Again."

"Ma'am... I'm in the nasty place of my rank, and the fact that Elunara is my friend. I was in love with her once, and even I never truly understood her. Not like they do. Even my own wife loves Elunara in a way I cannot comprehend. Your question and subsequent rant were both out of line." 

"I'm just trying to wrap my mind around this. If Elunara was so powerful, how come we didn't see it before? If the priestesses of Elune are to be pure and chaste, why does someone like Elunara get to wield it so freely? She goes against everything we believe and stand for."

"And she hates every bit of it. She didn't ask to be some angel of mercy or whatever the hell they're calling her. She wants it to all go away. She physically assaulted Leslia after Leslia tried to trick her into using it."

"Leslia did WHAT?"

"I don't know all the details, but I heard about it."

"That little fool, I'll have to speak to her." 

"Your priestesses have been harassing Elunara left and right. They keep trying to provoke a reaction, or ask her annoying questions. She's blown it off so far, but it truly bothers her." 

"Oh! Madam! I didn't expect to see you here." Leslia fidgeted. 

"Get Tia and Nona, I need to speak with the three of you."

"Yes ma'am!" Leslia ran upstairs. 

In the little room the three shared, Tyrande stood and looked around. It was modest and sparse, like they had been raised. 

"Now explain to me, why have you been harassing Elunara?"

"I'm sorry ma'am." Leslia sat in a small chair, her hands clasped in her lap. "We've been trying to understand Elunara's power and how to use it. We thought that, if we could unlock it for her, then she'd be able to use her power for great things."

"So you tricked her?"

Leslia winced. "The soldier Mark was severely injured. Knowing that he was a good friend of hers, I thought that maybe she would bring it out again. She did not. So, I..." Leslia picked at the fabric of her robe. "So I tried to pull it out of her, by using her stamina. But, instead of doing anything good, I angered her. She... well, she went for my throat. Ina got in the middle and slapped her. I stayed locked in a room for the rest of the day."

"It was only after Elunara realized that Mark had done more damage to himself trying to break up the fight, did she sit and offer herself to his healing, bringing forth the ability again." Tia flushed. 

"What in the world possessed you three to even attempt to deal with this situation?"

"Forgive us, ma'am. There was no one else to train her, should she be able to willingly access this power." Leslia sighed. "We thought we could get to the bottom of this."

Tyrande shook her head. "I'm not sure anyone can." 

Nikal adjusted his shirt and studied his reflection in the nearby window. He waited just long enough and stepped out into the path. 

Tulani halted in her path, lifting the basket a little higher to avoid a collision.

"Hello, my dear." Nikal held out an orchid. "You look as lovely as ever." 

"Oh, uh, thanks." She smiled politely. "I have to go now." 

She made to step around him but he held out the flower. "For you."

"That's... nice." She sighed. "You are aware I'm married, right? Even if I wasn't, I'm not interested in males. Of any race." She gave him a half bow. "Have a nice day." She scooted around him and kept on home. 

Nikal frowned down at the flower in his hand. 

Tulani closed the door behind her with a sigh of relief. 

Elunara walked down the stairs rubbing her head. "Something wrong?"

"That Nikal tried to give me a flower today. Ever since that day you gave him the gloves, he pops up everywhere. This is the first time he's openly... Were you in bed?"

"Yeah, I got tired over at Renwa's and I had Grogek bring me back."

Tulani sat down her basket and put a hand to Elunara's forehead and cheeks. "You feel a little cold. I'm not sure you've fully recovered."

"Grogek was going... well, he was going to do something, and I just forget what."

"Is that Grogek's shirt?" Tulani giggled.

"Hey, I almost lost him. I just wanted..." Elunara blushed. "It's silly."

Tulani smiled and wrapped her arms around Elunara. "No, it's adorable." 

"You're adorable." Elunara kissed Tulani. "We'll have to figure out what to do about that doofus though."

"What doofus?" Grogek sat the box on the table.

"Nikal tried to give Tulani a flower."

Grogek snorted. "He's starting to get on my nerves."

Elunara raised an eyebrow. "Something I don't know about?"

"He pops up in the most random places." Tulani sighed.

"He's come to the door asking for her, repeatedly." Grogek growled. 

Elunara sighed. "I'll have to have a little chat with him." She eyed the box. "What did you bring me?"

Grogek grinned and opened it. 

She peered in. "Oh my Gods, is that Tippy's carrot cake?"

"She made the whole thing just for you."

"This is the best present EVER!" Elunara grabbed a knife and fork and got to work. By time she stopped, she had finished half of the cake off. "Oh geez, I had no idea I was so hungry."

Tulani giggled as she ate her slice of cake.

Elunara stared at Grogek who watched her with amusement. "Hey Tulani..."

"Yes?"

"You know I love you, right?"

"Of course."

"Then forgive me when I tell you that I need to abandon you for a moment."

"Oh?"

Elunara flushed. "I haven't had a chance to... celebrate with Grogek."

Tulani smiled. "Why ever are you embarrassed? Go upstairs ad ravish each other already."

Elunara grinned. "Another time I will thank you for your role in helping me save Grogek and myself."

"I figured as much." She smiled. 

Grabbing Grogek by the hand, she ran up the stairs.

A moment later, Zelinnia stuck her head out of Darguni's room. "Are they gone?"

"Yes, it will get noisy in a bit, I suspect."

"Alright, I didn't want to interru—is that Tippy's carrot cake?"

Tulani laughed. "It's Elunara's... you'll want to keep your fingers."

"Aw, but I'm pregnant. I want cake." Zelinnia pouted. 

Tulani passed over her slice. "I'll get another. I can survive Elunara's wrath."

Grogek shoved the door closed behind him. "It was not lost on me that you wear my shirt." 

"I woke up and you were gone and I..." She blushed again. "Well, I can't live without you." She wiped a tear from her eye. "You were gone. They took you from me." 

He wrapped his arms around her. "And you brought me back. You moved the earth and skies and reached down and brought me back to you." 

"You are mine, dammit. They can't have you."

He pressed his mouth to hers and their tongues and lips mated together. Running his hands under the shirt, he caressed her ass. Her hands went under his shirt and she tugged it off of him. Her fingers hooked into the band of his pants and she tugged them down. He tugged the shirt off of her and he ran his hands up and down her body. 

Her fingers explored the shapes and textures of his body as they slowly walked towards the bed. Grogek climbed in first and lay on his back, and Elunara climbed up and sat on his stomach. She ran her fingers over his abs and up across his chest, before sliding down his shoulders to prop on the bed. She enjoyed every moment of his mouth, testing and teasing him. She nibbled at his lips, licked his teeth and fangs, and dipped her tongue slowly into his mouth. 

Cupping her head with his hand, he pulled her into his mouth. She nibbled her way down to his chin and across to his neck, where she licked and sucked, dragging teeth across tender areas. He groaned and slid his hands down her body, cupping her ass. She dragged her wet folds down his stomach and towards his awaiting erection. Bouncing her hips up, she slid across the tip of his dick, where she teased him by sliding back and forth. He gripped her hips and slid her down on to him. He groaned with her. 

Elunara sat up and placed her hands on his chest. "You're so beautiful." She whispered.

"Hey, that's my line." He grinned. 

"Mine." She purred, as she began to rock her hips up and down. 

"That might also be my line." He groaned.

"I'm glad I decided to keep you." She grinned. 

"Hmm." He wrapped his arm around her waist and rolled over on top of her. "My turn." He adjusted his hips and began to slide in and out of her. "I never got to thank you for saving my life." He grinned. 

Burying his face in the curve of her neck, he kissed and teased, licked and scrapped. When she was half mad, he moved his mouth down around her collarbone and to her breasts, where he teased and tormented. He grinned at her and pulled her hips up and pounded himself into her.