 Elunara was staring at the drawing with some concern. Something was off about it, but she couldn't figure out what. At the knock on the door, she stood up to answer it. Opening the door, she was shocked to feel arms around her waist. She looked down at Bradly. 

"Shouldn't you be playing with the other kids?"

He shook his head.

"Can I help you?"

He nodded and wiped his tears on her shirt. With a sigh, she closed the door and sat her drawing on the table. "Go sit on the couch." She pulled out a chair and turned it around. She sat down, arms over the back. "Spill it."

"You were right." He wiped a snotty nose on his sleeve.

"I'm right about a lot of things, kid. What am I right about today?"

"My parents are breaking up."

"Ah." 

There was another knock on the door and she got up to answer it. Seeing Harvard, she held out a hand and jerked her head. The relief on his face was obvious. He started to step forward, but she held out her hand and shook her head. Understanding, he nodded and stepped back. She shut the door in his face.

"Am I bothering you?" 

Savage got up and licked the kid's hand. Yoona started bouncing around, but he whacked her with a paw and sat on her. 

"Nah, I was just doing some paperwork." 

"How did you know?"

"I've been studying people for years. I know them, often more than they know themselves."

"I just don't know what to do." The tears welled up. 

"Kid, I'm going to give it to you straight. This was always going to happen. You not only have nothing to do with it, but there's nothing you can do ABOUT it. Even if you were never born, these two people would have come to this same point the same damned way." She shook her head. "All you really can do is man up and listen to your heart. I can't tell you what to do, I can't tell you what to choose, but I can tell you that your mother would only be happy if things were exactly as she had them. Your dad will only be happy if he follows his heart and joins this army. So, now you have to carve your own path. You can do it alone, or you can accept support from those who wish to give it. In the end, you'll be the sole decision maker in your own life. Dragged here, dragged there, it all amounts to the same, you are under someone else's power."

"Power?" 

"You have more power than you think. In fact, you have more power than your parents think. They've known you all your life, but do they actually KNOW you? Can they tell you what you want? No."

"They treat me like a little kid." He pouted. 

"That's the danger of being a parent. They saw you as you grew, but they still want to protect you, keep you little, keep you safe. It only last so long, and they want to hold on to it."

"You do the same to Darguni?"

"When I'm not thinking about how dumb that is. In the end, I think that parents have the difficult task of learning when to push you farther, and when to hold you back for your own good. I worry for Darguni's safety, but I also know who his parents are. He's going to be a monster, in the best possible way. The end result is that a parent should push their kid farther than they've ever been. As badass as I am, I'm going to screw up, he's going to be mad at me and I'm going to be mad at him. In the end, all I want is for him to be the best he can be."

"I wish my mom thought that. All she wants is for me to stop being annoying."

"It might just not be in her capacity." She shrugged. "What DO you want? And before you say it, you can't fix this between your parents. You can't. What YOU have to do, is to decide what's best for you. What would make you the happiest?" She stood up. "Hold on." She walked in the back room and pulled out a framed picture. She handed to him.

"Whoa..." He ran his hand over the glass. "That's me?"

"I took a little liberty with the pose, but I thought you'd like it."

"This is the coolest present ever."

She held up a finger. "Ah, no. It was a commission, you paid me and everything. I take my commissions seriously. In the end, you have to decide, is it going on your wall here? Or are you taking it back to Stormwind to show your friends there?"

He ran his hand over it. "Can I... send it with my mom? So she can have my picture?"

She spread her hands out. "It is yours; you may do with it as you please. You can always commission me again. Just remember, whatever you chose, it will be permanent. Choose your words and your actions carefully, because they can never be changed. Never act in anger or haste."

He nodded. Clutching the picture he climbed off the couch. 

She opened the door. Harvard was sitting in the dirt, head leaned against the wall. 

"Dad! Look!" He showed the picture to his dad.

"That's amazing, did she give you that?"

"I commissioned it!" He said proudly. 

She leaned against the doorjamb as they walked off. 

"Not good with kids, huh?" 

Jordan's voice made her almost jump out of her skin. "Good lord, don't do that."

"My gods, I snuck up on Elunara? Someone mark this on a calendar!" 

She smacked him on the arm. "Smartass."

Bradly was standing by his parents, clinging desperately to his picture. They had stopped speaking to each other and Elunara hurt for the kid. She stood beside Renwa and Grogek awaiting the next shipment of soldiers. The mages were going to send things back before they started bringing them forward. 

The woman stooped down. "Bradly, this is it; this is your last chance. Come with me, come home."

"No Mom, I'm staying. I already told you, this is what I chose."

"Bradly you're barely seven, you can't be serious."

"Mom," He held up the picture. "Take this; I can stay with you like this. That way I can do what I-"

She slapped the picture out of his hand. "I refuse to take anything that whore touched." 

Tears welled in his eyes. "But, Mom..."

She grabbed his arm and yanked him painfully forward. "I've had enough of this, you're coming with me."

"Barbara..."

"Oh, shut up, Harvard." The woman backhanded him.

Harvard rubbed his face in shock.

Elunara charged forward. Renwa reached out to stop her, but barely missed. "Shit."

"Listen here, you obnoxious twit. This child has chosen his path, and you will damned well let him take it."

"You shut your whore mouth!" Barbara shoved her finger in Elunara's chest. "I'm sick of you tainting my family. First my husband, now my child... You're just filthy. You can't get enough of them can you? Lord only knows how you've corrupted your half breed brat."

Elunara cracked her across the face. "Say what you will about me, but you will leave MY child out of it, and hell, YOUR child for that matter." 

"You BITCH!" She held her cheek. 

"This could be the last time you ever see your child, and you want THIS to be the last he remembers of you?"

"I'm taking him with me!"

Elunara grabbed her by the wrist and twisted. "You will let him GO. He has chosen his path."

"He's SEVEN!"

"Old enough to choose. He chose." 

Barbara raked her nails across Elunara's face. 

"Seriously?" She sighed. Elunara stood on one foot and kicked Barbara in the ribs. "I've had enough of you." She grabbed her by the throat and threw her into the portal. 

Bradly sat, dumbfounded in shock. 

Elunara picked up his picture and wiped it off. "I guess you're keeping it."

Bradly took it and stared at it for a moment before holding it over his head, obviously intending to smash it. Elunara grabbed it from his hands and then handed it back to him. 

"Don't let her hatred ruin your picture. Don't let anyone's hatred ruin things you enjoy." She put a hand on his cheek. "Where did that bruise come from?" She whispered. "Let's heal this, heal some of the hurt you've endured."

With tears in his eyes, he wrapped his arms around the picture and then arm around her leg. She sighed as she waited for the next order of troops to come through the portal. Soon, the families of the troops came through. Bradly gasped and tugged at her pants. 

She looked down and he beamed at her. 

"My friends." He whispered.

"See? Now you can show them your awesome picture."

When the portal closed, Bradly ran forward.

"Thank you so much." Harvard whispered hoarsely. 

"Gods, don't cry. I may barf." 

He gave a watery laugh. "You're something else."

"Join my fan club." She snorted. 

Renwa eyed the man in the front and wandered over. "General Duchie, it's been ages."

"Admiral now, same as you." He grinned as they shook hands. "I've been sent to start my own town, same as you were. They told me you were the best man to come to for advice."

"We've turned our little town into one of the most desired hubs out in this hideous mess." Renwa grinned. "I can't wait until you meet my wife and daughter."

"Finally a family man, eh? I guess you finally gave up on that Elunara." He shook his head. "Speaking of which, why was a battered woman flung through the portal?"

Renwa chuckled. "Because of that Elunara." He pointed.

"You got her to marry you?" 

"Lord no, I got her to find me a wife." Renwa chuckled. 

"So, why did Elunara beat up some woman?"

"Because she was in the process of physically and emotionally beating up her kid who wanted to stay here." 

"Ah."

"Come, there's a lot you should know."

"Like, why there's an Orc standing over there?"

"That's General Grogek. He trains our men. He married Elunara."

"My brain kinda hurts."

"Grogek, is married to Elunara, who is married to a female Draenei named Tulani, and they live with her lover, Jordan. You know, Captain Jordan, now General?"

"I... Wait, I thought Jordan was in love with you?"

"No... turns out he was in love with Elunara."

"I'll be damned."

A small child ran past and clung to Elunara's legs. "Momma! Yoona ate some of Momma Tuly's fabric again." 

Elunara laid her head back and roared in frustration. "She's going to KILL ME!" 

"Oh yeah, that's Grogek and Elunara's child, Darguni." 

Duchie just stared at Renwa. 

"Go play with Bradly's friends. I'll deal with that damned cat."

Darguni frowned. "But..." 

"I think Bradly will be MUCH nicer now."

He pouted. "If you say so."

Elunara turned and ran. 

"Yeah, Elunara is also living with a pair of tigers. One that was a gift from Darnassus, the other a random wildcat that decided it likes her."

"This town is strange." Duchie shook his head. 

"Oh, wait until I get to the sexual healing, and the fact Elunara eats energy."

"WHAAA?"

Renwa patted his shoulder. "Come let's get you started by meeting my wife, Zelinnia. She's a Blood Elf."

"I'm going to need a drink."

Darguni shuffled over to Bradly and his friends. One of the girls shrieked and pointed.

Bradly turned and spotted Darguni. He lunged forward and grabbed his friend's hand. "This is Darguni; he's half Orc, half Night Elf. His dad is General Grogek, he trains the men. His mom is Elunara and she's the coolest person I've EVER met." Bradly wrapped his arm around Darguni. "She says that when HE grows up, he'll be AMAZING because he's got their blood."

"Momma said that?"

"Uh huh, she said that if you pick the right path, you'd be better than all of us."

"Right path?"

"I think she meant that you had to be good, that..." He looked confused and rubbed his head. "I didn't understand all of it, but she said that good people are the best kind of people. That if you're mean and ugly, you'll be mean and ugly." He shook his head. "Your mom is so cool, she keeps saving me." He straightened his spine. "I want to grow up like her."

"I want to be like my papa." Darguni declared proudly.

"Your mom really loves you." Bradly said quietly. "I wish my mom loved me." He clutched his picture tightly.

"Papa is always laughing about how momma takes in all the strays, and that she has enough love in her heart to eclipse the sun. Maybe she can love you too."

Bradly looked up with hope. "You think?"

"Yeah!" 

"Then maybe we could be brothers? I always wanted a brother." He bit his lip. 

Darguni put an arm on Bradly's shoulder. "Then you can be my brother. Momma is married to Papa, and Momma Tuly and she still has Uncle Jordan. They're all our family, even though Momma Tuly and Uncle Jordan aren't blood. You can join our family too."

"But, what about my dad?"

"He'll always be your dad. Once, I asked Uncle Jordan if he was my dad too, and he laughed and said if that's what I wanted. I just call him Uncle Jordan because that's what he asked to be called." 

"Your family is weird." One of the boys wrinkled his nose.

"Isn't it awesome? Weird is the best kind." Darguni nodded.

"No it's not." 

"Yes it is." Declared Bradly. "Elunara's family is the most amazing family in town, everybody knows it. Anyone who argues... has to declare themselves in the ring."

"The ring?" Asked another. 

"The challenge ring in the training yard. If we ask real nice, we can get Momma to declare herself again."

Bradly bounced on his feet. "Can we?"

"Just wait until AFTER Momma fixes Momma Tuly's studio." Darguni nodded sagely. 

"Is it ok if I call her Momma Elunara?" Bradly fidgeted his feet.

"You'll have to ask her that. You might have to earn it." Darguni whispered. 

"Well, she's nicer than my mom was, maybe I'll just call her that in secret."

Elunara sighed as she scraped a pile of useless fabrics into a wastebasket. She was going to kill that dumb cat. Four Hundred gold in bolts of fabrics was nothing to sneeze at, and it would take some working to get it even replaced. 

"Momma?" 

"Yes, dear?" 

"Bradly wants to ask you something."

"Shoot." 

"Uhh well... it's just..."

She sat down her broom and stood up. "Spill it, kid."

"Can... can I..."

Elunara sighed and leaned against the desk. "If you don't own what is in your heart, you'll never find your future."

He quietly repeated to himself what she had said. It sounded deep and important. "Can I call you Momma Elunara?" He blurted.

She was glad she wasn't holding anything, because she would have dropped it. "What?"

He fidgeted his feet and hands. "You said to follow what is in my heart!" He cried. "My heart says that my mom didn't love me. You... you showed me more love in the past couple of weeks, than she has in... a long time." He finished quietly. 

"We thought that... he could be my brother." Darguni grinned nervously. 

"What does your dad think of this?" 

"I... I haven't told him yet. But you... you bring people into your family, and I thought that we could be family." Bradly sniffled. 

"And it'd be like me calling Momma Tuly, Momma Tuly." Darguni grinned, his fang sticking up. 

Elunara gave a shaky sigh. "Fine, if that is what makes you happiest."

The two boys cheered and hugged each other. 

"Since you're now IN this family, you can do your part and take Yoona out for a walk." 

"They lock her in my room, come on!" 

Tulani found her sitting in the floor, staring into space. 

"Are you alright?" Tulani knelt down and put her hand on Elunara's forehead. 

"Bradly was here again."

"Oh, I heard about what happened."

"He wants to call me Momma Elunara." She stared down at her shaky hands. "I think I'm crying? I'm not even sure."

"Oh my." Tulani sat down too. "What does his father say?"

"He hasn't told him yet."

"Ut Oh." 

"I know, right?" Elunara wrapped her arms around Tulani and let out a shuddering breath. "I'm not sure I've ever been so moved in my life."

"Oh," She stroked Elunara's hair. "I'm sure that once you think about it, you'll find plenty of emotional moments to compare."

Elunara laughed. "Yeah, this is one for the books."

Grogek walked in and frowned. "What's the matter?"

"Bradly wants to call me... Momma Elunara."

Grogek chuckled. "Well, you did just defend him from his own mother, and kicked her into the portal, which was kind of funny, I have to say."

"He wants to call Darguni "brother"." 

Grogek's mouth dropped open and he just stared.

Jordan walked in and laughed. "Hey guys, where's the par...? Baby, what's wrong?"

The door slammed behind them. "Momma Elunara! Yoona just ate some lady's basket." 

Jordan stared down at Elunara. 

She wiped her face and stood up. "That cat is a complete menace!" 

Jordan looked to Tulani and mouthed: "Momma?"

Tulani nodded. 

"I told her you'd pay for it." Darguni looked guilty. 

"I'm going to have to focus on that stupid cat for a few days." Elunara sighed. 

Yoona was bouncing around Savage and he whacked her with a paw and laid on her. 

"I think I know how to do it, too." 

"Well, I gotta go. Dad's gonna worry." Bradly sighed. 

Elunara crossed her arms. "And you have something you need to talk to him about." She raised her eyebrows. 

"Oh yeah!" He said brightly. He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I love you, Momma Elunara." 

She found herself sitting in the floor. 

Darguni climbed in her lap. "I have a brother!" He declared proudly. He wrapped his arms around her neck. "I love you too, Momma." 

With a sigh she hugged him back. "You two are going to drive me insane, I just know it." 

Bradly stood outside his door, reluctant to go inside. He took a deep breath and manned up like Elunara said to do. He shoved open the door and froze when he found his dad sitting in a chair, crying. 

Harvard quickly wiped his face. "I'm sorry. I didn't expect you back yet... I... son, sometimes, men cry... and"

"And it's okay. Elunara says that, if it's in your heart to do, then sometimes you just have to do it."

Harvard nodded and wiped his face with a napkin. "She's a wise woman, that Elunara." 

"Dad..." Bradly stepped forward and hesitated. In his heart or not, it was difficult to do. "Dad, I talked to Elunara..." 

Harvard sniffled. "And...?"

"I... Well, I asked... I don't mean to hurt you more."

Harvard shook his head in confusion. "What?"

"I'm not being clear." Bradly bit his lip. "I have to be clear. I asked Elunara, if it was OK to call her Momma Elunara." He stared at his feet. 

"You did what?" Harvard whispered. 

"Well, it's just that..." He clasped his hands in front of him and winced. "It's just that she's shown me more love in the past couple of weeks, than Mom had in..." He shrugged vaguely. "She was always so mean and got so mad all the time. And treated me like I was stupid, and hit me when she was mad." He frowned. "Momma Elunara treats me kindly, and she doesn't lie or hide things. Darguni said that she's always bringing people into her family, and I thought that... I thought that Darguni could be my brother. I always wanted one of those." He added quietly. 

"You want Elunara to be your mother?"

"Not like a replacement, but like... a stand in? Maybe. Darguni calls Elunara Momma, and Tulani is Momma Tuly. So like, Momma Tuly, who's Darguni's other mom, but not his real one. Does that make sense?"

"I... guess it does." He whispered.

"You'd still be my dad. Because you're my dad." Bradly stepped forward. "I love you, you're my dad." He said more firmly. "You'll always be my dad." Bradly smiled hopefully.

"I..." He ran his hands through his hair. "I can't believe what I'm hearing." 

Bradly bit his lip and cringed backwards, fearing the worst.

Harvard wrapped his arms around his son and fought tears. "How could I have let it get this bad?"

"Bad?"

"That you'd want someone else to be your mother."

Bradly shrugged. "I guess I was jealous."

Harvard looked at his son. "Jealous?"

"Yeah." Bradly sighed. "I shouldn't have been so mean to Darguni. He had two moms and two dads, and I had a dad that was there but gone and a momma who was gone but there. I shouldn't have been mean, but Darguni accepted me into his family anyway. Isn't that something?"

"Yeah. Something." His voice sounded hollow to his own ears. "You know what?" He gently pushed Bradly away. "It's late. We've had a long day, why don't you go up and I'll come up and read you a story?"
