 "Does that make me his sister, then?" Tulani giggled as she continued to sew at her desk. 

"I have no damned idea." Elunara groaned as she flopped on the bed. Grogek just laughed. "I once did a pair of Blood Elf twins, man they were something else... too bad they decided they were more interested in each other than they were me."

Tulani made a face. "EW."

"The shit you do." Jordan shook his head from the door way.

"GAH I did not want another pet. Two husbands are PLENTY, thank you." 

"Wait, husbands?" Tulani looked over at Jordan. "This is new."

"Yeah, I decided he was my husband in every way that counts, so he got promoted." Elunara grinned. 

Tulani shrugged. "Took you long enough."

"I swear to Elune, if you and Tippy had a betting pool going, you are sleeping at her house tonight." 

"Yes, miss goddess. And, ugh no. That woman has SUCH a superiority complex about marriage, I wouldn't dream of it."

"For a perpetually single woman, she sure has a strange hang up that people are only happy if they're married." Jordan crinkled his nose. 

"That's exactly her problem." Elunara shrugged. "She sees married people as the happiest, and she's not exactly a happy lady herself." She sighed. "Doesn't help that I add to her problem."

"That you keep stealing all the men?" Tulani grinned.

"No, she believes that I was an unhappy person until Grogek. I'm like the example that proves the rule to her." Elunara chuckled. "And you add in the fact that I married Tulani and look to be marrying Jordan, and suddenly, I'm the happiest person in the history of happy people, because I'm married three times over."

"Yeesh, Now I want to barf." Jordan laughed. "I'm going to bed."

"Night, Sugar." Elunara grinned. 

He walked over and bent down, kissing her. "Try not to add any MORE to the pile, would ya?"

"There's still the option to slit his throat!" 

"You won't. Not at this point." Grogek eyed her. 

She put a pillow over her head. "WHYYYYYyyyyyyy" She whined. "I shoulda slit him apart when I had the chance."

"There is a kindness in your heart that cannot harm the genuine." Tulani smiled.

Elunara stuck a hand out. "I blame him."

Grogek chuckled. "Just because I opened the door, doesn't mean you had to walk through it."

"About four hundred times." Jordan snorted.

Elunara shifted her arm. "Weren't you going to bed?"

"I was trying to tell my wife goodnight, but then she went turtle on me."

She whacked him with the pillow. "You just HAD to use "wife" didn't you?"

"I know your weak spots." He grinned. 

She sat up on her knees and draped her arms over his shoulders. "Good night, Sugar." She pressed her lips to his. 

He wrapped his arms around her and enjoyed the feeling of her mouth. "Good night, Baby."

"We really are a strange family." Tulani gave a happy sigh. 

As he passed, Jordan gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Yeah, but we make it work." 

"That we do." Grogek grinned. 

Elunara was flipping through some papers when she heard the knock. She sat her work down and opened the door. "Oh, hey Lucy, how's the jaw?"

She put a hand to her face. "It's better, thank you. Can I come in?"

"Sure thing." Elunara stepped back and let her in. She went to the library, got her board and sat down. "Forgive me; I have to keep my hands busy."

"Yeah, I know how that goes..." She sighed. "Listen, I never got a chance to thank you for saving my sister."

Elunara held up a hand. "I'm going to stop you right there. My house is a safe house. Anything said here will NOT be repeated outside of this house. Got it? So don't use that sister bit on me, because I'm not stupid. I have a wife for cripes sake." 

She sighed. "Terica hates it when I say it too. She desperately wants to be... out. Especially after what happened. She thinks that if we were out, he would have never been misled."

Elunara snorted. "If Terica was in front of me at this moment I would tell you that is complete bullshit. That kind of guy would have raped her to make her "normal". That's the kind of asshole you were dealing with."

"What happened to that guy anyway?" Lucy frowned.

"All I know, is I was called in to identify his remains. He got eaten by something in the wilds."

"Ew."

"Good riddance to bad rubbish." 

"Anyway, Terica has been pretty torn up about the whole thing, but I just don't know what to do. I don't want to risk my commission."

"Whyyyyyy would coming out be a risk to your commission?"

"Because I lied? I lied to get my lover here, not my sister."

"First and foremost, you're out in the middle of bumfuck nowhere; we ain't shipping either of you back, just because you fibbed. Second, Jerry and Louis hid in my house for MONTHS trying not to tell people, only to tell people by accident over a tragedy. No one was surprised. Hell, the people that will be surprised are just idiots. I have two husbands and a wife; you don't think THAT'S the weirdest thing people have seen? A pair of lesbians? Pfft." 

"I wish I had your confidence." She shook her head. "I wish I had your abilities. You're SO fast!"

"Answer me this,"

Lucy flinched.

"Why are you even in the army? Why be a soldier?"

"Because I come from a long line of them?" She flinched again. "My dad wanted a boy, he got me. So instead, I've been doing boy things my whole life, and when I got old enough...." She shrugged. "I actually put my name on the list to come out here for years. They're scraping barrel so I got to come out. I hoped for a better life."

"Sweetie, my mother is Tyrande Whisperwind. You wanna talk impossible shoes to fill?"

Lucy just gawked. 

"Believe me; I know what it's like to be a complete and utter disappointment to your parent. But, at some point, you've just got to let it go. If you're struggling to fill this role you never wanted, then find something you enjoy doing instead."

"But..." 

"General Grogek, General Jordan, and Admiral Renwa would NEVER force you to stay. Admiral sticky pants can go fuck himself. This is OUR town and we will run it how we see fit. If it's not for you, don't do it. I don't care if you're the best fighter out there, if you don't like what you're doing, you're just going to be a hindrance to the people who want to train. You came over here doing one thing, so what? Find your place in this world, or it will eat you alive."

"But I've..."

"Never done anything for yourself? There's a first time for everything."

Lucy sighed. "But the commission is all I have. Terica doesn't even have a skill set either. If I quit, who will provide for us?"

"How about this..." Elunara pointed her pencil at Lucy. "You take one month off from the commission, and I will cover your living expenses." 

"Oh, but I..."

"Shut up. The conditions are thus, you must take time EACH day and try something new. If you need a list of recommendations, let me know. Every single day of that month, you will try something new. If you do NOT find something that interests you in that time frame, then you go back to your commission. I will handle everything after that."

"I... I need time to think about it."

"Then shoo. Go find Terica, and start having some serious discussions. Remember, my house is a safe house. Something bothers you, you come to me."

She made her way down to the training yard and grinned at the two in a heated discussion. There was always something so soothing, so lifting, about them getting along so well. 

"Hello, lovers." She grinned.

"What's up?"

"What's your opinion on Lucy?"

"She that lesbian that's not a lesbian, living with her "sister"?" Jordan frowned. 

"The same."

"She sucks." Grogek snorted. "Her defense is pitiful and her offense is non-existent. I couldn't trust her to send her into battle; she'd just get someone killed. And not her opponent."

She told them of her offer.

"Hell, I'd pay for her to quit." Jordan snorted.

"Thought so. Anyway, figured I'd let you know." She headed up the hill to her tree. Popping out her board, she sat down and began to work. 

He watched her sit down and he admired her for a time, but when he stepped out to join her, a Draenei woman approached and sat down beside her. He watched his beloved turn and kiss the other woman. He frowned. Who was this woman, that got to have what he could not? She changed, and she giggled and flirted. She ran her hand across the back and the hips of the other woman. She pressed her lips again, fingers under the chin. They kissed and teased. Realization dawned on him then. 

He went rock hard as he watched. She pulled the other woman into her lap, kissing and stroking. This was one of her lovers. He would have to question her. Sitting down in the hidden shade, he undid his pants.

"Mm, you're in one of your moods."

"Just appreciating what I have." She grinned. 

"I'm not complaining mind you. Though you know how I am..."

"You know, my sweetness, there was a time where I wouldn't have gotten this far in public with you."

"You are impossibly hard to resist." Tulani scooted up closer and wrapped her arms around Elunara's neck. She pressed her lips to Elunara's and enjoyed the dancing. 

Elunara slipped her fingers under Tulani's shirt and caressed a breast. 

"Ah...." Tulani flushed. "That's a bit much for public." She gasped. 

"Sorry my little lovely, I couldn't help myself."

"You are helping yourself just fine."

"How about we head home for... a little fun time?"

"Well, now I just have to." 

Elunara closed up her board, and Tulani grabbed her basket. Elunara wrapped an arm around Tulani's waist and they headed for home.

He was disappointed when they stopped, but judging by their actions, they weren't finished. He tucked himself in his pants and headed back to his hut. 

Jordan and Grogek shared a look. 

"I'd say Tulani is getting bolder." Jordan commented. 

"I'd have to agree." Grogek nodded. 

From the training yard, Lucy watched the two with complete envy. 

They made it back home, dropped their things by the door and leapt at each other. Elunara had them both disrobed in record time before they hit the couch. Their mouths and tongues dances and writhed, as they ran their hands over each other. Tulani's butt hit the couch first. Elunara grinned as she made her way from Tulani's mouth, down her shoulder, across the collarbone, and to the breast. She slipped her fingers inside Tulani and felt for that spot that drove her mad. 

"Oh, I love how wet you are, my lovely." Elunara went down and buried her face in Tulani's crotch. 

Tulani grabbed her hair and arched her back, as Elunara licked and sucked, fingering her all the while. With a grin, Elunara pulled Tulani's tail loose and tickled her pussy with it. The tail flexed and struggled. Elunara guided it in and then just let it go. 

"Elunara!" Tulani gasped. "You're so mean!" She groaned. 

Elunara grinned and licked Tulani's wet folds. "And you're soaking wet, my lovely." She pulled the tail out. "But maybe it'd be happier somewhere else?" She pushed the tip of the tail into Tulani's ass, and helped slowly guide it into place. 

Tulani gave a sharp gasp and began to struggle as she shuddered. "Oh! OH make it stop!" 

Elunara tugged it out. "Sorry."

"That was a little too intense." Tulani gasped. 

"I'm sorry, sweetness, did I hurt you?"

"No, though I haven't figured out if I like it or not."

Elunara laughed. "Then I guess we'll have to experiment with it then." 

"You know, it's MY tail, why can I not control the stupid thing?"

"No idea, sweetness."