 She stepped out from the room and nodded. "I had to make sure he was OK." Brushing past him, she went outside. She came up short and he bumped into her. 

A woman flung her arms around Elunara. "Thank you so much!"

"Uh, you're welcome?" 

Lucy kissed her on the cheek. "I got a job at the tannery!" She squeaked. "Oh, I'm having so much fun. It's really quite fascinating. So, now I'm an apprentice! And it's all thanks to you." She kissed her other cheek. "Maybe next, you can help Terica find something that interests her!"

Elunara laughed. "I'm glad it's working out for you. I was just headed down to speak with Grogek."

Lucy blinked a couple of times before looking up. "Oh, that's not Grogek." She put her hands to her red cheeks. "You were busy. I'm so sorry for interrupting you."

"Nah. It's not that. Someone tried to take Bradly, Charnak here brought him back to me."

"Oh no! How horrible!" 

"Yeah, we can discuss it more later, I have to speak to Grogek."

"Yes, yes of course, I'll let you get back to it." She ran off. 

"What was that about?" He hesitated. "If I may ask?"

"Lucy has been having trouble finding her place in town. I've been having people let her try their trade in order for her to learn something that interests her. I don't believe in anyone being stuck in a job they hate. They must find their place, or leave." 

"The more I learn about you, the more my heart fills." He ran his hand down her back. "You are a wise and benevolent leader, who loves her people. Your rage is endless and your power great, yet you show them kindness and love." 

She made her way down to the training yard and stood on the side, waiting for Grogek to finish what he was doing. He raised an eyebrow and meandered on over to Elunara. 

He deliberately kissed her. "Yes, my love?"

"A man, hired by that bitch Barbara tried to take Bradly."

Grogek growled. 

"Charnak was able to intercede the man and killed him before he could get off a portal." 

Grogek considered Charnak. "You have returned our son to us. For that, I am grateful."

Jordan jogged up. "What's going on?"

"Charnak saved Bradly from an attempted kidnapping."

Jordan's eyes grew large. "Oh, Gods, how is he doing?" 

"He and Darguni are in their room with Lydia. He's shaken up, but doing well."

Jordan put a hand on Charnak's shoulder. "Thank the Gods for you."

Elunara nodded. "Yes, I am incredibly grateful. This... alters things." She spied the kids and gestured. "Excuse me." She left them there to go to the kids. Bradly was shifting his eyes back and forth.

"Honey, you can't be afraid your whole life." She stooped down and brushed her fingers through his hair. 

"I'm trying to not be, Momma."

"I know you feel awful right now. Once before? I was kidnapped too. I was taken to a faraway place, covered in ice, and locked in a tent with no way out. Darguni was only about six months old. I was scared, tired and I desperately wanted my husband and baby. But I didn't give up. I was smart and resourceful. Yes, it was painful. Yes, it was disgusting and awful. But you have to keep your head on in those situations. I'll teach you how. I'll teach all three of you how. Besides, I saved Zelinnia. Even when captured myself, I still managed to save someone else. You can do great things too, my little love."

"You think so?"

"Sweetheart, you have a capacity that is far beyond anything you can imagine. It's the same for all three of you." She brushed the hair back on all three faces. "I will teach you. You see how well Lydia can run now. I'll help lead you down the path of the just." 

The three of them wrapped their arms around her at the same time and she laughed as she fell on her ass.

"Alright, come on, get off of me. I'll hurt you, don't think I won't." She warned. 

They giggled as they climbed off of her. 

"We love you, Momma." They both cried at once.

"Um..." Lydia put her hands behind her back and dug the toe of her shoe in the dirt. "Can I love you too?"

Elunara stroked the child's hair. "You can do anything you want, Darling. Don't ever let anyone tell you different." 

Lydia leaned forward and kissed her cheek. "I love you." She whispered, before turning and running after the boys. She stumbled, and Darguni caught her. She blushed up at him. 

"Well, they're well on their way." Elunara laughed.

"My body swells with emotion every time I am near her." Charnak murmured.

Jordan smacked him on the shoulder. "Welcome to the club, buddy."

"Elunara tends to cause that kind of a reaction." Grogek grinned. "Welcome to the fold, for we are legion. So long as she wishes to call you as such."

Elunara stood up and wiped her butt off. She straightened her spine and marched over. "We have not finished our discussion." She turned and walked away. 

He scrambled to keep up with her, as Jordan and Grogek grinned at each other. 

"I just wonder if we're going to have to make room in the house." Jordan snirked. 

"He could have not found a better way into her heart."

"Or ours, for that matter." Jordan snorted. 

"Yes, saving one of our children is the best way to do it. I wonder if it was a true leap of heroism, or if this fell in his lap and he took it." Grogek tapped his foot.

"Elunara will out all lies." 

"Only she will know how to fit him in." Grogek stretched his back out. "Though it would be nice to have another helping to train our men."

Jordan snorted. "He's got an army to worry about."

"You know, I've been very angry with you." She rounded on him the moment they stepped through the barrier. "I am the one in charge." She shoved a finger into his chest. "I call the shots, I'm the one who's on top of things. I am the one who dominates, who tells YOU what to do. You don't do as I say, I get EXTREMELY pissed off." She jabbed him several times. "If I tell you NO, then you LISTEN to ME."

"Yes my goddess, forgive me... I... I should not have..."

She laid her hand on his chest and stood on her toes. "I want to be the one who says what stays and what goes." She got close to his face. "I want to be the one to do something first." She stared at his mouth. She dropped back down on to her feet. "You saved my son today. If you did it by accident, or if you set out to do something to impress me, you have." She put both hands on the sides of his face. "I am grateful. She went back on her toes and brushed her mouth against his. 

He leaned forward and pressed his mouth to hers. His hands came around her hips, and he slid his hands upwards. He was slow and methodical; savoring this moment on the off chance she changed her mind. He would have this one moment of beauty to himself. He spoke to her in his own language. 

She laughed and ran a finger along his lower lip. "Usually when Grogek says that, I tease him for going sentimental on me." It was a cruel slap, but one she had to know his response to.

"It's fascinating how much like my brother I truly am." He murmured, forehead pressed to hers, as he ran his hands up and down her back and ass. "When I found out my brother had been captured by... off worlders, I thought he had gone soft and worthless. If he could not free himself from your clutches, he was as good as dead to me. Who would have thought that I would come here to slay him, and find a great warrior goddess instead?"

She laughed. "Is that so?"

He brushed his hands down her arms. "Now I find myself envious of him and all that he has. I want you in my bed, and I want to make love to you. I want you to teach me all that you claim I lack."

"I've shared my bed with hundreds of men. And I'll share my body again with hundreds more. Can you handle that? Can you look them in the face and know that they are mere amusements to me? Can you be one of my champions without using it against my toys?"

"I will do anything to please my goddess." He breathed. 

"You must understand that I need them. I feed off of them. No matter how much you try to give me, I will always crave more. If you discourage even a single one..."

"No, my goddess. Never. Grogek is always your number one; Jordan is always your number two. I will never take their place. All I beg for... is a small section."

"Fine then, I will allow it."

He grabbed her up by the waist and spun her around. "I'll never make you regret it." 

She laughed softly. "Put me down, dippy. We must walk into camp with dignity."

He sat her on the ground. "Dippy?"

"Eh, I find pet names for my Champions. She lowered her voice. "Grogek is Sugarbear, and Jordan is Sugar. Tulani is Sweetness."

"I look forward to it." He grinned. He led her through the camp and allowed her to inspect the troops. The camp was coming along nicely. She offered her opinions. 

"I should come back, update my books." She tapped her finger on her chin. 

He gestured to his hut. 

She ran her fingers under his chin before stepping into the hut. He closed the door behind him and he cupped the back of her head and pressed his mouth to hers. She ran her hands up his arms. 

"I am eager to make love to you, my beautiful goddess."

"Yes, but this time, we do it my way." She growled with a grin.

He lay on his back, staring at the ceiling. Yes, her way was MUCH better. She propped herself up on her elbow and traced circles on his chest. 

"Yes, I do choose well in my Champions." She kissed his chest.

He brought his hand up and stroked it down her hair. "My goddess..." He whispered. 

"I have a task for you."

"Anything."

"To the south of here, there are some ogres taking up a ruin. They offend me. Be rid of them. I warn you, they have tapped into magic and are quite formidable."

"We will bring them down for you." He brushed his fingers across her cheek. "Perhaps you could ride into battle with us?"

"Not this time. I have much to attend. If you faire well this time, perhaps the next task I will stand at your side." She kissed his chest again. "Perhaps even fight."

"I would give anything to see you in a battle." He breathed. 

She stretched her back. "Another time. I must be off."

He sat up. "Can you not spend the night?"

She brushed her fingers under his chin. "No. Especially not tonight, I have to tend to my children."

"Forgive me, I had forgotten." 

She brushed her lips against his. "It's fine." 

He cupped the back of her head and pulled her in for more. When she finally pushed him back, he sighed. "I so wish to have you wake up by my side, so that we could make love in the early morning hours."

She sighed and shook her head. "First you wish to worship me, then you wish to enter me, then you wish for kisses... do you ever stop with your wishes?" She ran her fingers under his chin. "Another time, lover. Get your rest, you have ogres to kill."

She jogged all the way home, cursing the lateness of the hour. She bolted into the house and into the boy's bedroom. Darguni was bouncing up and down in his bed, but Bradly was sitting quietly in his, staring at the pictures on the wall. Darguni stopped bouncing when she walked in. 

She slid into Bradly's bed and wrapped her arm around him. "Doing Ok?"

"You were gone forever." He said quietly. 

"I'm sorry, I was attending to some business and it just ran later than I wanted."

He laid his head against her chest. "She almost got me." He mumbled.

"I'm sorry, my love. I wish I could have been the one to save you again, but I'm glad you were saved before I could get there." She put a hand under his chin. "I would be crushed if anything happened to you. I would have gone to Stormwind and torn the entire city to rubble just to find you." 

"Really?"

"Varian himself would have been afraid of my anger."

Darguni hopped into Bradly's bed. "Yeah! Momma would have saved you in the end!"

"No matter what it takes." She kissed the top of his head. "Now, come on you two, lights out." 

"Yes, Momma." They said in unison. They got under their blankets and waited for their kisses before closing their eyes. 

"I'm closing your doors, and you better not open them unless it's an emergency."

"Yes, Momma."

She blew the lights out and closed the first door, before walking upstairs and heading out that one. She closed it behind her and walked to her bedroom. 

Jordan and Grogek were playing cards on the bed, while Tulani sat at her desk, sewing.

"Don't your fingers ever get tired?' She eyed Tulani.

"Do yours?" She grinned.

"Ok, I deserved that one."

"So, did you invite him into the family yet?" Jordan pulled a card from the pile and hissed. 

"Ugh, no. He is NOT part of the family." She sighed. "He saved Bradly, this much is true. He's earned my gratitude and my affection, but he's not family... he's more like a pet."

"Savage is a pet, and he is family." Grogek commented. He tossed down his hand. "HAH! Top that."

Jordan smacked his forehead. "DAMN, I was so close." He tossed down his cards. 

She bent down and scratched Savage's belly. 

"I win the pot." Grogek grinned. 

Jordan snorted. "You always win the damned pot."

"What were you betting?" She frowned. 

"Your ass." Grogek grinned.

She stopped and stared for the longest time before bursting into laughter. "You guys are awful." She strolled over to the bed.

Without warning, Jordan grabbed her by the arm and pulled her down. She fell forward with an "oof" and sent the cards scattering. She was laid across the bed. One man's hands went for her slick wet folds; the other went to playing with her asshole. She groaned. 

"And I get the best seat in the house." Tulani grinned. 

Elunara pulled up one knee on to the bed to allow them easier access. She gripped the edge of the bed with her hands and panted into the bed cover. Despite what they said, Grogek's fingers were buried into her pussy, and it was Jordan's finger that explored her ass. She shuddered and shook against them. 

Jordan slid off the bed in front of her and tugged out his dick. She wrapped her lips around him, and adjusting her neck, let him fuck her mouth. He put his hands on her back and shoulders.

Grogek spread her pussy lips out and grinned at Tulani. "Want a lick before I go?"

She waved him off. "Not tonight. Thank you, though."

He shrugged and got into position before shoving himself into her tight wetness. He groaned, grabbing her hips as he began to thrust in and out of her. The motion made her pump against Jordan. He groaned and shivered. He came directly in to her throat, and she swallowed him down. Grogek shivered and filled her up. He pulled himself free and tugged her upwards. Once she was standing against him, he pressed himself into her ass. She arched against him and groaned.

Jordan grinned. "Gee, this looks familiar."

Grogek grinned as he gripped Elunara's arms. "Yeah, except this time I don't have to tell you what to do." 

"It was more of a permission thing at the time." Jordan buried himself into her soft wet center. 

He cupped and played with her breasts as he shoved himself in and out of her. He teased and taunted the nipples, before leaning down and sucking on them. In one hand she gripped Grogek's arm, in the other she held Jordan's. She gasped in pleasure. She shifted her head and shoulders and kissed Grogek, mating her mouth with his. Jordan pulled on her chin and brought her mouth to his own. In one hand he held her breast, in the other her hip. Grogek mimicked the position. They both exploded inside of her near the same time. 

She groaned and leaned back. "I do love when you tag team me." 

Jordan snorted. "Wouldn't that require us to switch out?"

With a roll of her eyes, she sighed. "Double team? Is that better?"

Grogek licked her neck. "That would be the more accurate term." 

"Ugh to both of you."