 She was quite a sight, hauling that massive demon skull by a horn. She smiled and waved and kept on going. The kids ran up beside her. 

"Is that a demon head?"

"Those horns are AWESOME!" 

"Did you bring me back anything?" Lydia asked shyly. 

Elunara pulled a small skull out of her bag. "This one is yours." She placed it in Lydia's hand. Hooking the prepared demon head on to her contraption, she pulled it into place above her door. She secured the line and grinned up at her trophy. 

"Really, Lu? REALLY?" Renwa sighed.

"Hey pokey. Like my trophy?"

"Well, it's certainly..." Zelinnia liked her lips. "Intimidating."

"Why are you here?" 

"I came to ask for a status report on the Charnak situation."

"I have it well in hand. I'm pleased with the progress. Found him a nice devotee. My only concern at this time is they're growing again. He's started replacing lost warriors." She shook her head. "Can't discourage that, it'll go horribly wrong if I try."

"Well, as long as you've gotten the situation in hand."

"I still think I've laid it a tad thick, but he eats it like candy."

"You could sell a Blood Elf broken mana crystals." Zelinnia laughed. 

Darguni stuck his face over the stroller. "Is that Abigail? Can I say hi?"

"Of course you can." Zelinnia smiled. 

Darguni stuck his hand in and took one of the baby's. "Hi, Abigail. I'm Darguni. You and me? We're the same." He rubbed her hand. "When you get big like me, people might make fun of you because they don't understand people like us. It's OK though, I'll protect you." He bent down and kissed her on the head. 

"I will too!" Bradly nodded. He rubbed his hand on the baby's forehead. "We have to look out for each other cause we're different." He mimicked Darguni and kissed Abigail. 

"Hey, let's go tell people about the skull!" Darguni bounced.

"YEAH!" 

Lydia leaned over the carriage and cocked her head to the side. "I guess I'll watch out for you too..." She looked up. "HEY WAIT UP!" She ran after the boys. 

"Oh Gods, I think I'm going to go home and cry for an hour." Zelinnia choked.

Renwa shook his head and ran his hands down Zelinnia's back. "Say what you will about your methods in everything you do Elunara, but you certainly raise some good kids."

"Hold on. I can't feel my throat." Elunara sighed. She laughed. "I think that was a tiny glint of jealousy in Lydia's eye though."

"Oh, dear." Zelinnia put a hand to her cheek. "That's all I need."

"Eh, it'll be fine. Don't worry so much." Elunara brushed a thumb across her cheek. "You and I both know a woman's heart is fickle."

Zelinnia blushed scarlet. "Oh you're just awful."

Renwa sighed. "One of these days I'll get invited."

Elunara grinned. "You'll have to take that up with your wife." 

"ELUNARA!" Zelinnia growled. 

"You know I love to tease you." She laughed. 

"You're so mean." Zelinnia flushed. 

"I guess I'll just have to use my imagination..." Renwa sighed. 

"You know, you haven't benefitted from one of my sessions yet." Elunara crossed her arms. 

"We could get a babysitter." Renwa nodded. 

"Tulani would love to return the favor." 

"Perhaps you can add us to the calendar."

"I know she's partial to the tub."

"But would Ina let us?"

"She lets me all the time."

Zelinnia crossed her arms. "What if I wanted Tulani there?"

Elunara raised an eyebrow. "The Finisters wouldn't mind."

Zelinnia slapped a hand over her mouth. "I said that out loud didn't I?"

"Then again, I have this fascinating couch you guys should try out." Elunara grinned. 

"I hate you so much right now." Zelinnia sighed. 

"How about I pencil you in and see where it goes?" Elunara winked at Renwa. 

"Well, I'd certainly enjoy it. What about you?" He chuckled at Zelinnia's face. 

"SO much." She grumbled.

"She's so easy to mess with, isn't she?" Elunara giggled. 

"I'm not the only one who knows how far that blush goes, am I?" Renwa grinned.

"All the way to her pink little folds." Elunara sighed. 

"You know I'd never put you on the spot like that, right?" Renwa rubbed Zelinnia's back.

"I didn't say no." She mumbled. 

Elunara cackled. "Let me get my book."

It was actually Jordan that got around to doing a Junior training team. Grogek just didn't have time to do it, and Jordan figured out how to fit the time into his day. They had dubbed Elunara's training "track team" and Jordan had the "Junior Warriors". 

"Eh, I spent most of that time standing around bullshitting with Grogek anyhow."

"Well, at least someone is doing it. Just tell me if you need me."

He wrapped his arms around her waist. "Baby, I always need you."

She laughed and pushed at his chest. "For demos or anything, you dork."

Several of the children giggled. 

"Alright, today we're going to start off with staves." Jordan pulled several off the rack and started handing them out.

"Aww, why do we hafta start with a stupid stick?" One kid asked.

Elunara stopped mid stride, turned and stared. "Is he new? Tell me he's new."

"Yes, Momma." Bradly answered. 

"Sorry, Baby, we got a new shipment while you were off playing with demons. That's where the practice weapons came from."

"And nobody told me?" She crossed her arms. "WELL, I guess we're due for a demo."

Jordan sighed. "Great, kid. You got her started." He gestured at Elunara marching angrily to her staff on the weapon rack. 

"GROGEK!" She yelled. "You didn't tell me you had new recruits!"

"Haven't had time, my love. I take it you want a fight."

She gestured with her staff. "Kid over there thinks staves are just stupid sticks!"

"Are you gonna fight too, Papa Jordan?" Darguni cocked his head to the side.

"Nah, I'mma let her and your dad go at it."

Grogek pulled out his axe. "Just you and me today?"

"Just us, Sugarbear. Two of you takes skill, but I want to show what this dinky little stick can do against raw power." 

Jordan sighed. "If there's one thing in the world Elunara loves above all else, it's showing off."

"That's because she's amazing." Lydia sighed. 

Grogek and Elunara dove at each other. 

"Why do you call him Papa Jordan, if that's your dad?"

"Papa is Momma's first husband and Papa Jordan is her second husband."

"Oh, they got a divorce? No wonder they're trying to kill each other."

"No they didn't."

"She can't have TWO husbands."

"She has two husbands and a wife." Bradly shrugged. "Momma doesn't do anything normal."

"We're the best kind of weird." Darguni grinned, showing his fang. 

"So, Bradly, does that mean Jordan is your dad?"

"No. My dad died trying to save someone. They're my family now though. 

"That's just weird."

"The best kind of weird." Both boys said at the same time. 

"You think Papa will take down Momma this time?"

"Not a chance." Bradly shook his head. "She's got a good dose of mean goin, like Captain Gerald says."

"Your parents are trying to kill each other." Aaron shook his head. 

Bradly pointed. "You see that faint yellow glow? It means momma is feeding off of this fight." 

Darguni nodded. "She has looked a little dull the past couple of days. I wonder if the demons took more out of her than she thought."

"Probably."

"What does that even mean?"

"It's hard to explain..." Bradly shrugged. 

"Our Momma would never hurt our Papas. They died before, and she went into the nether and dragged their souls back to their bodies." Darguni crossed his arms.

"This scar..." Jordan pointed to the starburst pattern on his cheek. "Is from a lunatic shooting me in the face. I died. She brought me back, even though it shouldn't have been possible. Everyone tells me that she clung to me and demanded the light give me back. When Grogek died to a different maniac, her scream could be heard over the entire town. She brought down forty five orcs and then demanded that he be returned to her. She is said to have sprouted massive glowing wings and commanded the spirits to return him. There's an orc you might see every now and then, who still calls her the Goddess of War and Mercy. She is the single most terrifying person alive."

"I can't believe she's doing all of that with a stick!" 

"It's not even enchanted. It has no stats, it just a simple staff she picked up one day." Jordan sighed. With a frown, he watched Grogek lose ground. "She's not stopping." He jumped forward and used his sword to block her next attack. 

Grogek went down on one knee. "I think she's lost herself." He panted.

"I see that!" Jordan leapt out of the way, barely avoiding the swing after. 

"I'm tapped out. Try to bring her down." Grogek shook his head. "I wish I could eat energy like she does."

Jordan blocked her next several attacks. Seeing no choice, he kicked her in the stomach and knocked her back. She let out a growl and bared her teeth. She flexed her hand and her dagger appeared. 

"Oh, shit." He dodged and blocked her several times, but still she went for the kill. "GERALD! MARK! GET YOUR ASSES DOWN HERE! Elunara's lost herself!"

"What the fuck?" Gerald grabbed his sword and dove in.

Mark landed beside Jordan. "What's wrong with her?"

"I don't know. We have to bring her down before she does serious damage." He blocked another one of her hits. They struggled to keep her back. 

"Should we disarm her?"

"You'll never get that enchanted dagger out of her hand, and if she loses the staff, she'll rely heavily on the dagger and then we're all fucked." He kicked her knee out, but she recovered quickly.

Grogek struggled to stand. "I think she's actively taking energy." 

"What? That's not possible." 

"Right now it is."

"What could this have happened?" Jordan shook his head. "She's acting..." His mouth dropped open and he stared. "Possessed."

"The demons." Grogek managed to stand, but he was having difficulty holding on to his axe. He went down on one knee.

"Baby." Jordan dodged an attack and blocked with his sword. "Baby, I know you're in there. Please."

Both Gerald and Mark were holding their own well enough. 

"GET RENWA!" Jordan yelled. 

"AND TULANI!" Grogek added. 

"Baby, we will save you... somehow."

The soldier burst into Renwa's office. "Sir! Something's gone wrong with Elunara. It started with a demonstration, but now she's out for blood. General Jordan and the others are struggling to keep her in hand." 

Renwa grabbed his sword and ran out. 

Zelinnia jumped up and pointed to the crib. "Watch my baby!" She shoved past the soldier and started running. 

"Tu..." The man panted. "Tulani! Elunara's gone nuts... you have... to stop her." 

Tulani dropped her armload on the floor and started running. 

"I can't get a move in edgewise." Mark panted. "Plus, I think I'm seeing double." 

"What's wrong with your mom?"

"I don't know. I've never seen her DO this." Darguni wrung his hands. 

"What if it's like that time you saved her?" Bradly bit his lip

"I don't know... she's never told me all of that story."

"I still can't believe she's doing all of that with a staff." The other kid blinked. 

She growled and dove for Jordan and he slammed her into the ground. "Baby, it's ME, please, I beg of you." 

She kicked him in the stomach and sent him flying. She slashed out with her dagger but tangled on the staff. 

"I know you're still in there. Please. Listen, sweetheart, it's me, you know me. I love you." He continued to block her as he talked. "I've always loved you. I will save you." He deflected the staff and elbowed her in the throat. "You're in there. I know you are."

Tears began to roll down her cheeks. She wiped at them and hissed. Once again, she went after him with the dagger, but tangled herself on the staff. She began to shriek. 

Everyone grabbed their ears. Two more soldiers jumped into the fray to take over for the downed Mark. 

Renwa and Tulani stopped and stared at each other. Elunara was fighting with a viciousness that neither of them had seen before. "WHAT'S GOING ON?"

"She's still in there! I think the staff represents her humanity! Every time she goes for a kill shot with the dagger, she blocks herself with the staff." Jordan dove on her back. "Baby, please. FIGHT I know you!"

Grogek dropped his axe and dove on Elunara. She grabbed him and flung him backwards over her head. She elbowed Jordan in the gut and gashed his arms. She dove on Grogek and dug her nails into his chest. "Feed." She hissed. He roared in agony

Jordan body slammed her into the ground. 

"Do that thing you did last time to save her!" Bradly cried. 

"But I don't know what I DID!" Darguni yanked at his hair. 

Elunara jammed her dagger into Jordan's shoulder. He dropped his sword and yelled in pain. Blood ran down his arm, but he held her down. "Baby, WAKE UP! PLEASE!" 

Tulani started to run forward, but when Elunara flung Jordan off and dove for another soldier, Renwa yanked her back. "We have to disable her somehow, or she'll just hurt you too." 

Renwa jumped in the ring and joined the others. 

"She's just feeding off of you!" Zelinnia cried. "How can you stop that?"

"By reaching her, inside!" Jordan cried. "She's still there, and she's fighting herself." He winced at his arm. "ELUNARA FIGHT IT!" He dropped to his knees. "Baby, we need you! All of us need you! Your husbands need you; your wife needs you, your children! Please snap out of it!"

"My vicious little she wolf! You are stronger than the demon. I know you tapped yourself out again, but take from them. Take your strength back!"

"Goddammit Elunara, this isn't you! Fight it!" Renwa growled. As she slid back, she hissed. She took off running at him. He deflected her blows and body slammed her into the ground.

"Elunara please! I need you!" Zelinnia cried. "Who's going to help me with Abigail?" She yanked at her hair. "Who's going to teach me all the fun stuff?"

"YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME HERE!" Tulani screamed. "No one can love me like you do; no one can make me feel special like you have! No one has given me the things you have!" 

Elunara faltered, looked around in confusion. The men pressed their advantage and she leapt in the air and crashed down on one of them.

"FIGHT!" Linda screamed. "You saved my little girl and I haven't paid you back yet! FIGHT!" 

All of the kids began to scream "FIGHT!"

"MOMMA!" The boys screamed. "FIGHT!"

She hesitated, fighting blindly with a shriek. She dove on to Renwa and began slashing at him with her dagger. One of the men whacked her with a shield and she tumbled forward. She scrambled up and hissed. 

"BRADLY!" Darguni screamed. 

Bradly ran with all of his might and dove on Elunara's back. "MOMMA YOU HAVE TO FIGHT!" She reached back and grabbed him by his shoulder and hauled him up into the air. "Momma! Momma it's me! Please momma, you'd never hurt me!" Tears streamed down his face as he struggled in her grasp. She held him up above her and hissed. "Momma please..." He whimpered. 

"Bradly?" She whispered. She grabbed him around the waist with one hand and let go of his shoulder. Wrapping her arms around him, tears streamed down her face. "Oh, Gods, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry my baby. Please forgive me." She dropped to her knees. 

Darguni was right on Bradly's heels and dove on Elunara. Tulani reached her next and wrapped her arms around the trio. Jordan wrapped his good arm around them, and soon Grogek wrapped his arms around all of them. 

"WHAT the HELL was THAT?" Renwa slammed his sword into the ground. "Explain yourself."

"I... I don't know." She shook her head. "One minute I'm making a point about staves and I'm just so damned angry, the next is like this awful fog. Then I'm holding Bradly... I just... I don't know." She whimpered. 

"Baby, did you tap yourself when you went to fight the demons?"

"Ah... yes? I don't know, it was kind of a blur, because the orcs were feeding into me so hard that it was like riding on drugs. I might have over done it. I'm not sure."

Renwa shook his head. "So, because you had to show off to a trash of orcs, you got yourself a demon possession." 

Elunara winced. "It appears that way. I didn't think I had to mention it because it was more euphoric and less draining." She sighed "I guess that's something new to watch out for." She grumbled.

"Elunara, I am confining you to quarters." Renwa crossed his arms. Grogek and Jordan backed away, and Tulani sat back with a frown. 

"WHAT?"

"You did something reckless and highly irresponsible. I am confining you to quarters until Tyrande can be properly contacted. Should she decide to come here-"

"Oh, come on." Elunara cried.

"NO!" He shoved a finger in her face. "You listen to ME. I put up with your antics every time I turn around, but you put this whole town in jeopardy because you had to go show off. Now, you will listen to my verdict. Should she decide to come here, you will be confined to quarters until she does. If she summons you to Darnassus, you WILL go."

"NO! I won't!" 

"Darguni WILL stay here and if necessary, I personally will care for your children while you are gone. But you WILL do it. DO you hear me?"

Elunara tossed up her hands. "Not like I have a choice."

"Furthermore, while you are confined to quarters and WHILE you are unsafe, all of your appointments will be cancelled."

"HEY!"

"I don't need someone turning into dinner for a demon. Have I made myself clear?"

"But-"

"CLEAR?"

"Yes." 

"Your little Orc pet will not be allowed to visit you either. I don't care WHAT plans you have in the works, I won't have him be dinner either. We're all well aware of the energy capabilities of an Orc as a battery." Renwa snorted.

"This is stupid." She crossed her arms.

"Is it?" He raised a brow. "Since you've been here, Elunara, I have let you get by with any damned thing you've wanted. You almost slaughtered your whole family because of this. You know well and good what our creed is."

"For the good of the Alliance."

"Exactly. Now get your ass home. Ina or other healer will be sent to you." Renwa turned away and pulled up his sword, strolling past Zelinnia and Duchie.

Elunara sighed and pushed the boys out of her lap. "I heard you."She brushed her hand on Tulani's cheek. I heard all of you." She stood up. "Oh Gods, Jordan, your arm!" She put her hand over the blood and focused her energy into him. 

He brushed a hand on her cheek. "You didn't even know..."

She shook her head. "Gods, Grogek, what did I do to you?"

"Well, I have several holes in my chest from where you dug in your nails, but mostly you just ate me for energy."

"I... but I can't take more than given?"

"Oh, you were taking all over the place." 

"It was like I was in this inky fog. I could hear, but not much else. I was struggling to fight my way through the fog. I was chasing your voices, but I couldn't surface." She gave a soft laugh. "I guess Bradly and Darguni are tied on saving my life."

"Momma, can you tell me about the time that I saved you?"

"Come on, I want to lay in bed first." She sighed.