 "Ugh, could someone please tell that goat to stop tap dancing on my head?" Elunara grumbled to the room.

"Ah, you're awake." Tulani laid a cool cloth on Elunara's head.

"How many days did I lose this time?"

"Only four."

"Bleh." She sat up and rubbed her head. "I don't feel drained."

"No, you had overload euphoria. I'm certain you had to sleep off the excess energy in your system and are at a normal level now."

"Please tell me they kept the skull." 

Tulani laughed. "Yes, Jordan and Grogek got it back into place."

"Sweet." She shook her head. "I can't believe the whole damned town pumped me full of energy. That was crazy."

"So you do remember what happened?"

"Yeah, there's some fuzzy stuff, like I have no idea what the hell I was screaming."

Tulani passed her a cup.

Elunara laughed and drank. "Anyway, that's about all I remember."

"Do you remember telling Johnathan that you liked kissing him?" Zelinnia was leaning against the door, her arms crossed. 

"I did what?" Elunara stared in shock. 

"You... run your mouth when you have overload Euphoria." Tulani giggled. 

"Oh, Gods." She smacked her forehead. 

"Payback's a bitch." Zelinnia laughed.

"Fine. I always thought Renwa was one of the best kissers of the men I've had. He just wasn't the best at the rest of it." 

"Well, that's good to know." Renwa stepped into the room.

Elunara smacked her forehead again.

"HA! Now I get to laugh at YOU for it!" Zelinnia pointed. 

"Yeah, that was like, twice out of HOW many times have you done it?"

"Don't care, still get to."

"I don't recall you ever complaining." Renwa raised an eyebrow. 

"First of all, I liked you, didn't want to insult you by giving you instructions. Second of all, by time I felt comfortable enough to give you further instruction, I was already getting the clingy vibe off of you and knew I had to bail soon." She gave a shaky shrug. "I could have kissed you for hours and been happy." She felt her face go hot.

Renwa's eyebrows shot up. "I'm going to have to process this another time." He sighed. 

"Now I get to kiss him for hours." Zelinnia grinned. 

Elunara snorted. "Excuse me; I get to kiss ALL the men for hours. Preferably my own." Elunara rocked her head to the side. "And my wife... though I have to be honest, the fangs add something interesting."

"Interesting to what?" Grogek stepped in the room. He brushed past the others and went to the opposite side of the bed and sat down beside her. 

"Kissing." 

"Ah, I was thinking the other thing."

"Oh, that one's just mean." She grinned at him. 

"Do I want to know?" Renwa shook his head.

"Well, she does go absolutely crazy when they tickle her thighs" Grogek grinned as he rubbed a finger over the tip of one of this large fangs. 

She elbowed him. 

"Nope, I didn't want to know." Renwa pinched his nose. 

"Is she awake?" Tyrande stuck her head in the door. 

"And back to normal it sounds like." Grogek chuckled. 

"MOMMA!" Both boys dove on the bed. 

"Hey, don't forget me." Jordan wedged past the crowd and tucked on to the bed behind Elunara. 

Tulani giggled and took her place in the bed. 

"I feel like I have a throne of people." Elunara laughed. "Comfy, yet lumpy."

"I am endlessly impressed with how many of this town stepped forward and offered up their energy for you." Tyrande shook her head. "I am still in disbelief."

"It's freaking crazy is what it is." Elunara laughed.

"You have come far from an angry little girl who humiliated someone out of spite."

"I wasn't little; I was almost twenty by that point."

"You will always be little to me."

"Yeah, you gained like three feet in height."

Tyrande laughed. "That I did."

"Have you people been hanging out in my house for the past four days?" She sighed. 

"Just about." Zelinnia laughed. "Abigail is asleep downstairs and Ina..."

"I'm here. Whoever designed your stairs needs smacked." She sighed. 

Elunara winced. "Sorry."

"I know your mother is more than qualified to check you out, but I wanted a look at ya myself." 

Elunara helped her get in the bed. 

Ina put a hand to her forehead and closed her eyes. Ina moved her hands up and down. "You seem well enough and no ill effects." Ina put her hands on her hip. "I don't know what to do with you some days."

"Welcome to the family." Grogek, Tulani and Jordan all said in unison. They blinked at each other before laughing. 

Elunara gave a grand sigh. "I love you all too."

"Amazing display of loyalty, that." Ina laughed. "Of course, so was the ring. Who'd have thought that all of them would have contributed?"

"I know. I'm losing my touch." Elunara sighed. 

There was a scrabbling sound of nails on the floorboards. Out of nowhere, Yoona bounded in and dove into the bed, knocking Ina over and sending the boys bouncing.

"Goddammit Yoona!" Elunara winced as claws went into her leg. 

Savage strolled in to the room, put his paws on the bed and grabbed Yoona by the scruff with his teeth. He yanked her down into the floor. She tried to bounce again, but he whacked her in the face and sat on her. Savage rubbed his head against Elunara's hand. She sighed and scrubbed her hand on his head. Tugging back the blanket, she inspected her shredded leg. Savage put his front paws on the bed and licked her leg. 

"That..." Tyrande blinked. "Was strange." 

"Yoona has been a complete menace." Elunara sighed. 

"She's destroyed thousands of gold worth of fabric and many hours of my work." Tulani crossed her arms. 

"And she's eaten several people's baskets!" Bradly added with a giggle. 

"Ugh, the whole town is on alert, that when Yoona destroys something, I will pay for it." Elunara rubbed her healing leg.

"Oh, dear. I never thought she would be such trouble. She comes from good breeding stock."

"The boys have been helping get some of that kitten energy out of her, but Savage has been a huge help. Of course, his version of help involves sitting on her." Elunara laughed.

"His markings are fascinating."

"He's from here. He was sort of an accidental tame." Elunara gave him a good scratch.

"The first time Momma saved me." Bradly smiled and scratch Savage's head. 

"Yeah, that's a story on its own."

"I can tell Grand momma later." Bradly bounced up and down.

"Sure thing, sweetie." Elunara brushed his hair out of his face. 

"Being called Grand momma feels so strange." 

Bradly flushed. "I'll call you whatever you want me too."

Tyrande smiled. "You may call me Grand Momma, it's just something I'll have to get used to being called." 

Renwa cleared his throat. "I think Zelinnia and I should be going. Now that we know Elunara is alright."

Zelinnia sighed. "Yes, I guess." 

"Or you could just climb in the bed with everyone else." Elunara laughed. 

Zelinnia shocked everyone by taking a leap into the bed. The ensuing avalanche caused them all to tumble out of the bed. Elunara grabbed out and pulled Jordan down, which caused the whole bed to slide out of the frame. 

"I didn't think you'd take me serious!" Elunara cackled. 

Tyrande and Renwa leaned over. "Do you need any help?"

"You can detangle your wife." 

"Help!" Zelinnia whimpered with a giggle. 

"That was AWESOME!" Darguni cried.

"Let's do it again!" Bradly cheered.

Elunara put her hands on Zelinnia's chest and belly to help push her up. "Hey, when were you going to tell me about the second one?" 

"Second one what?" Zelinnia grabbed Renwa's hand and tried to stand, but slipped in the sheet. 

Elunara steadied her. "That one."

"Tha..." Zelinnia froze and stared at Elunara. She looked down at her stomach. 

Elunara's eyes went wide. "You didn't know?"

Renwa furrowed his brow. "You mean she's..."

"Ah, heh. I'm sorry." Elunara bit her lip. "I didn't realize..."

Jordan was in the process of helping Tulani stand up. "What are you two on about?"

Elunara winced. "Zelinnia's pregnant." 

Jordan almost dropped Tulani. "Shit." 

"Can you all finish getting off of me?" Grogek grumbled. "I took the brunt of that."

"Sorry, Sugarbear." She tried to detangle herself, but he wrapped his arms around her. 

"Eh, you can stay until EVERYONE ELSE GETS OFF OF ME!"

The boys giggled as they scrabbled away, Jordan helped haul Tulani to her feet, and Renwa and Zelinnia were a bit busy in an embrace. 

Ina wiped herself off. "I'm getting out of this madhouse before I get trampled again." She grumbled. "I swear by the light, I've never been so mistreated." She muttered as she left. 

"I'll have to give her a nice present." Elunara laughed. 

Tyrande laughed. "I agree with her, this is a madhouse."

Elunara stood up and turned around, holding out her hand. "Come on, Sugarbear."

"Oh! Oh, my. My baby's not even a year old and I'm already having another?" Zelinnia yanked at her hair. "What am I going to do?"

"Have two babies?" Elunara shrugged. "How the hell should I know? I'm still figuring out the first one." 

"We'll send to Stormwind for a nanny." Renwa tapped the side of his finger to his chin. 

"We'll help!" Both boys raised their hands. 

"He'll be just like me!" Darguni said.

"Maybe we'll have another friend."

"Well, he's gotta age first." 

"Maybe we could send him through the portals?"

"But Renwa and Zelinnia are from the same time."

"Oh yeah, that won't work."

"It doesn't matter 'cause we have to defend them anyway."

"Yeah, 'cause they're younger"

"So they need us."

"We'll be the best guardian big brothers ever."

"Yeah when Jordan teaches us to use weapons."

"I want to learn swords like my dad."

"I want an axe like my papa."

Tyrande watched the back and forth banter with some interest. "Do they do this often?"

"All the damned time." Elunara shook her head. "It takes some getting used to, and they can give you a headache."

"Fascinating."

"They are brothers, in every way that counts."

Both boys ran up to Zelinnia. "Can we feel your belly?" They said in unison. 

She stared. "I'm not far enough along to feel."

"Aw." 

"But, you can when I am..."

"Yeay!"

Elunara laughed. "They either finish each other sentences, or they talk in unison. It's kind of freaky." 

"What are you going to name him?" 

"Boys, Zel's not far enough along to even know that yet."

They wrapped their arms around Zelinnia and laid their heads on her belly. 

"We'll protect you,"

"No matter what you are."

Zelinnia stared at Elunara, completely dumbfounded. 

Elunara threw her hands up. "Don't ask me. I didn't start that."

"Bye, Mommy Zel!" Darguni grinned.

"Why'd you call her that?" Bradly cocked his head to the side.

"Because she's a mommy. Duh." 

"Oh, I thought it was like Momma Tuly."

"Nah, Momma Tuly is Momma Tuly because she's Momma's wife, so she's our other Momma. But Zel is a Mommy because she has little babies."

"Ohh, that makes sense." 

"Come on, let's get Yoona's stuff and take her for a walk."

"OK! I'll get the bag."

Zelinnia just pointed out the door. "THE HELL?"

Elunara laughed hysterically. "You got me, Sweetie."

Renwa's mouth moved, but no sound came out. "That was different." He squeaked. 

Grogek laughed. "I swear, my love, you have imparted some strange lessons on those boys."

"I didn't! I swear!" 

The boys ran back in and hooked lead to Yoona's collar.

"I have to ask..." Elunara scrubbed her hands on the boy's hair. "Where in the world did you get the whole bit about being Zelinnia's babies' protector?"

"From you, Momma." Darguni tossed Yoona a bite. 

"Me?"

"Yeah." Bradly twiddled his foot on the floor. "You protected us, you saved us."

"I'm different, but that's ok, because you taught me it's ok."

"You saved me, over and over again, even after I was so mean."

"You protect everyone, even after they were so mean to you."

"We want to protect everyone too."

"Except, we're so little."

"But Mommy Zel's babies are the little ones now." 

"So we have to be big protectors."

"Until they can get big enough to protect themselves,"

"From the people who would be mean,"

"Before even getting to know them."

Elunara stooped down and pulled them both into an embrace. "You're the best kind of people." She whispered. "Now, go run Yoona out." She laughed and scrubbed her hands on their heads. 

They yanked at the lead and pulled a grumpy Yoona out the door. 

Savage rubbed against Elunara's hip and she gave him a scratch. 

"I think I'm going to cry for a week." Zelinnia sniffled. 

"I suddenly understand very clearly what others have seen, that I never could see." Tyrande shook her head. "Every time we meet again, there is something new. Something miraculous."

"If you start crying on me, I'm going to do something really offensive, just out of spite." Elunara crossed her arms. 

"Love..." Grogek sighed. 

"I will nut punch you, don't think I won't."

Grogek wrapped his arms around her, followed by Jordan and Tulani, finally Renwa and Zelinnia. 

"GAH! No group hugs!" Elunara coughed. "Seriously, can't... breathe." She whimpered. They all released her at once and she fell to the floor. "Ow!" She squeaked.

"Sorry, love." Grogek picked her up and sat her on her feet. 

"I desperately want to go outside. Am I still confined to quarters, boss?"

"No, I think it's safe to let you out of your cage."

"Do you know how much of a pain in the ass it will be to redo my schedule?"

"By this point, I figured you're used to it."

She sighed. "You'd figure I'd just pin time on my calendar "demon possession"." She jogged down the stairs. She opened the door and quickly closed it. "Why is there a mob in front of my house?"

Renwa frown and opened the door. "No idea."

Linda stepped forward. "The boys said you were up and about."

"Ah." Elunara sighed. "Yes, I am." She stepped forward and everyone knelt before her. "Whaaaat's going on?"

"We all heard how you challenged that... whatever it was. How you were trying to protect us from it." Linda clasped her hands together. "It was marvelous. The town would like to pledge their loyalty to you." She laughed. "I have been chosen as messenger, because you have been so kind to me and done so much for my daughter. I..." Linda knelt on one knee. "I pledge my loyalty to you as well."

Elunara stepped back and slammed the door. "Going back to bed, still hallucinating."

Grogek grabbed her by the shoulders and steered her back out the door. 

"Ok, I'll be completely honest. I have no damned clue what I was screaming out there."

"We do." Linda smiled. 

"But, I was the one possessed by a demon. I'm the reason the reason the town was ever in any danger."

"You stopped it."

"Oh, for the love of Elune, stand up. I don't need people to kneel to show me their loyalty. That's just dumb." 

"They say that orc calls you Goddess. We're starting to believe it ourselves. You must truly be blessed by the Gods themselves."

"She is a favored of Elune." Tyrande nodded.

"Oh, don't YOU start." Elunara muttered. "This is SO bullshit." She pointed to Grogek. "And you KNEW it!"

"Actually..." Jordan scratched the back of his head. "We all did."

"WHAT?"

"You've been unconscious for four frickin' days; we didn't just sit there and wait on you to wake up. We took turns." 

Elunara yanked at her hair. "AUGH!"

"I told you she wouldn't take it well." Tulani sighed. 

"Well, of course not, she's Elunara." Jordan gestured. "If she DID take it well, I'd be concerned. 

"JUST FUCK ALL OF YOU!" She took off running. 

Jordan sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "And there she goes..."

"I'll bring her back." Grogek sighed, calmly walking after her.

"Should we go after her?" Tulani frowned.

"No. Grogek knows her best." Jordan shook his head.