 She gathered her bags and waved as she walked out. She hummed all the way home. Opening the door she stared at everyone. "Uh, what?"

"You've been gone all day, we were worried." Jordan sighed. 

Smacking a hand to her forehead, she sighed and made her way into her library. "Grogek SAW me go out to the Warsong camp."

"Well, yes." Grogek frowned. "But you've also been avoiding EVERYONE in the past few days."

"And several people have asked me when you were going to reschedule." Tulani fidgeted with her skirt. 

"So we've been a little concerned with your behavior." Jordan scratched the back of his head. "Baby, we know this hero worship thing has you bugged, but you can't put it off forever."

"We were debating if we should retrieve you from the camp." Tulani admitted. 

Elunara flopped down in her desk chair. "And here I was finally feeling good about things. Now I need goddamned babysitters." She kicked her desk. "What, did you think I was going to run off with the zealot?"

"Baby, you have to admit that none of us have seen you act the way you have been the past few days. It's difficult enough to predict your moods, but none of us even know what we're dealing with any more."

"By the light of Elune, you've got to be fucking kidding me!" 

"Momma?"

"Is everything ok?"

"Go back to bed." Elunara snapped. She stood up and shoved past everyone. 

"Don't you dare take this out on them." Grogek growled.

Elunara stopped at the top of the stairs. "THERE WASN'T A THIS!" 

Bradly and Darguni cowered behind Tulani's skirt. "What's wrong with Momma?" Darguni whimpered.

"What's wrong? What's wrong is that this whole stupid ass town is acting like I'm the coming of Elune herself! It was bad enough when that dumbfuck orc," She gestured towards the camp. "Was doing it. Now we've got typically sane and rational people doing the same damned thing! IT'S COMPLETELY IDIOTIC! So I decided to spend the day lording over a bunch of morons so that I could learn to deal with people who shouldn't BE morons! Finally satisfied with my lot in life, I come home to find YOU PEOPLE acting like I need a BABYSITTER!" She marched on and slammed the door. 

Everyone jumped back. 

"Perhaps we handled that wrong." Tulani put a fist to her mouth. 

"My vote is for demon possession." Jordan grumbled. 

Darguni ran up the stairs, ignoring everyone else and opened the door.

"WHAT?" Elunara stopped and sighed. "Sorry, what?" She sat in bed, head on the wall.

"Momma, I know you're very angry right now, but why are you yelling?" 

"Because I'm angry enough to start hitting people." 

Darguni took a step forward. "You wouldn't hit ME just cause you're angry."

"I don't want to hit anyone when I'm angry." She sighed and whacked her head against the wall. "This whole situation has just been very trying."

"Didn't you tell me that you can't do things when you're angry, or you'll do something you'll just regret later." He took a few more steps forward. 

"Yes, yes I did."

"Yelling at Papa and the rest is a bad thing."

She closed her eyes. "In general, yes." 

He climbed on the bed. "And you didn't mean it, did you?"

"Yes, and no." She sighed. "I just don't know how else to get myself heard right now." 

He climbed in her lap and laid his head on her chest. "I'll listen."

She wrapped her arms around him. "You don't worship me, do you?"

"You're my momma, I think it's required." 

"Fair point."

"But, there is a good thing."

"Hm?"

"People are nicer to me and Bradly now."

She opened her eyes and looked down. "What?"

"Well, it's not like anyone was openly mean. I think they're too afraid of you... Or Admiral Renwa, whichever. But now, they're really nice. They smile and say, "Oh, you're Elunara's boy, have a candy". They're nicer to Bradly too. Before it was, "Oh, how kind of her to take you in..." And now they call him "Elunara's boy" as well. It's really nice that people call us brothers. I mean, we were already brothers, but now it's a thing. And the other kids are inviting us to stuff more often. I mean, they did, but more kinda polite? Now they want to know when they can spend the night, and... Momma, why are you crying?"

She hugged him tightly. "Because I feel like an idiot."

He wiped her cheek. "But you're the smartest one in town." 

"Even smart people can have stupid moments." She brushed a hand over his hair.

The door creaked open. "Momma, are you still yelling?"

"No, Bradly. Come on."

He ran in and climbed in the bed. 

"I'm sorry I yelled."

"It's ok, it's not like you do it all the time." He curled up under her arm. "Are you still upset?"

"Nah, I think we worked it out." She wiped her cheeks. "I guess I just didn't stop to think about what this meant to any of you." She sighed. 

Tulani stuck her head in next. "Forgive us for worrying so much."

"Oh, get in here." 

Tulani smiled and stepped in. "I'm sorry for..."

Elunara held her hand up. "Stop. No. I'm sorry I've worried everyone."

Jordan stuck his head in the door. "Tulani still lives, it must be safe."

"Hah, hah." 

Tulani snorted. "They sent me in because I was least likely to sustain injury." She sat down on her bed next to Elunara's seat. Jordan leaned on the wall and Grogek leaned on the door. 

"Look, I'm sorry I've been so trapped in my own head, I haven't taken the time to figure out what's been going on around me. But I needed to escape, to go do something more myself, in order to view the situation differently. 

"We're sorry we didn't trust you." Jordan ran his hand through his hair. 

"But we've been terrified that maybe we didn't get all of the demon." Grogek sighed. 

"Losing you would destroy us." Tulani reached up and rubbed Elunara's arm. 

"It better not destroy this family, I worked too hard to bring it together." She snorted.

Jordan laughed. "We'd still be a family, we'd just be hollow." He shook his head. 

"No one can take our children, or our bonds." Grogek shook his head and walked over to the bed. He kissed Elunara's forehead before climbing in beside her. 

"I drew so damned many orcs today. You have no idea how cramped my hand is." She laughed. 

"Boys are asleep." Jordan jerked his chin. He walked forward and scooped up Bradly. Laying the boy on his shoulder, he headed out. 

Grogek plucked Darguni out of her lap. "Did I ever mention how glad I am that you gave me a son?"He grinned and left. 

Tulani pulled her hand down and began to massage it. "You've worried everyone. Not just our family, but the townsfolk as well. I know you're unhappy with the ridiculous hero worship, but some of those people are your friends. Were your friends before any of this happened. They freely gave themselves to you, and that act alone had the rest of the town reaching for you."

"Darguni said that people are treating them better. They're actively nice instead of just pretending." 

Tulani hesitated. "That's unfortunate." 

Elunara sighed. "Yeah. I guess if it means a better life for my kids, I'll accept the hero worship." She lightly banged the back of her head on the wall. 

"It doesn't have to be that way, and you know it." 

"What choice do I have?"

"Be you. Be whatever passes for normal in your world." Tulani chuckled. "You're the best of us, my love. You MAKE everyone accept you for who you are. They hated you once. They believed the worst of you once."

"But I know the truth." She murmured. 

"Your motto in life, is it not?"

Grogek and Jordan walked back in the room. "Boys are down for the count." Jordan grinned. "I won't lie, I kinda get a kick out of that."

Grogek chuckled. "See, my love? You didn't even have to give birth this time, and Jordan still gets his own son."

Elunara sighed. "I guess I have to go adopt a Draenei daughter. Then Tulani can have hers."

Tulani smiled. "I nursed Darguni for the first couple of years. That's enough for me. He's as much my son as Elunara's." 

Grogek reached over and took Elunara's hand from Tulani and began the process of massaging the muscles. Elunara groaned. 

Tulani giggled. "I'm not as good as Grogek. I do not possess his hand strength." 

"So, I guess we're crisis averted?" Jordan grinned. 

"Until some other random ass spirit tries to possess me and suddenly the entire universe accepts me as their deity." 

"So, like... a week? Tops?"

Elunara chucked her pillow at him. 

He caught it and tossed it back. "Good, then I'm going to bed. I'm exhausted."

"What could YOU be exhausted over?" Elunara snorted. "Who is she and is she hot?"

He chuckled and walked over to the bed. "I think everyone in this room will agree that she is the hottest damned thing in this town." He pressed his lips to hers. 

She grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him in harder. He put his hands on the bed on either side of her hips. "Good, because I'll only tolerate the best for what's mine." She purred. 

Grogek snorted. "He got beat up by children."

"Oh, lord." Elunara laughed. "Can you not handle a bunch of kids?"

"Hey, those little brats are vicious." Jordan straightened up. "I got cracked in the nuts like seventeen times."

Elunara reached out and stroked her hand across his crotch. "Aw, poor baby." 

He winced. "I really hate that that hurts."

Elunara laughed. "Want me to kiss it and make it better?"

Jordan groaned. "Not tonight."

"Oh man, you must be in some serious pain." Elunara grabbed the edge of his pants. "I think you forget I have healing abilities."

"Well, yeah, for wounds and things, but this is just bruising."

She closed her eyes and focused her energy into him. 

"Ah, ok, I am wrong. I don't mind being wrong." 

She grinned. "Does that change your mind?" 

"I don't know, I was quite pissed off at you earlier."

"And you did have us terribly worried." Tulani added.

"And you yelled at the children." Grogek nodded. 

Elunara crossed her arms. "I said I was sorry."

"I think she should be punished." Tulani grinned.

Elunara pointed at her. "I know where this is going..." 

"Do you now?" Grogek grinned as he tightened his grip on her wrist. 

Jordan looked back and forth between Tulani and Grogek, but kept his mouth shut. 

Tulani reached under the big bed and pulled out a coil of rope. She tossed it to Grogek. Elunara watched in fascination as Grogek bound her wrists. Tugging her by the rope, he pulled her out of bed and hooked the other end of the rope on a hook hanging from the ceiling. Tulani pulled down Elunara's pants, as Grogek tugged her shirt up. He left the shirt bunched at her wrists. 

"I like where this is going." Jordan laughed. 

"The name of the game..." Tulani grinned. "Is how wild can we drive Elunara, without her finishing?"

"Oh, man. That is mean." Jordan shook his head.

"Oh, we let her get off, when we're done." 

"Damn, Tulani, I've never seen this side of you."

Tulani slid her fingers through Elunara's folds. "Well, it's not something we've done often." 

Grogek leaned down and licked Elunara's shoulder. "In fact, there was only one other time."

Tulani slipped a finger in. "But we decided to prep for the day when she deserved it again."

"Is it any wonder I married you two lunatics?" Elunara groaned. 

Grogek grabbed her hips and ground himself against her ass. "You taught us well, my love."

"Well, now I have to get in on this." Jordan rubbed his thumbs on her nipples. He leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers, before pressing in and capturing her mouth, dancing their tongues and lips together. He brought up one hand and brushed her jaw with his finger tips before making his way down her chin and to her neck, collarbone, and chest. He sucked lightly on one nipple, while he teased and taunted the other with his fingers. 

Grogek buried his face in Elunara's neck, licking neck and shoulder before scraping teeth across those sensitive areas. His fingers dug into her hips as he rubbed his dick up through her ass cheeks. He grinned as she struggled and shivered. 

Tulani was playing with those soft pink folds, slipping fingers through, pulling apart and licking soft edges. She traced fancy little patterns inside the slick folds. She pushed a finger in and wiggled as she slid in and out, before pulling out again and flicking across the hole. Elunara wiggled under the sensations. Tulani shoved two fingers in and slowly pumped them in and out in a casual pace. 

Grogek moved a hand forward and slid a finger across Elunara's clit, soft and slow, just barely stimulating the area. He shifted himself and nodded at Tulani, who removed her fingers. Shoving himself into her, he pumped a couple of times, before moving back and pushing into her ass. Elunara groaned and attempted to lean back, but was thwarted by the ropes. 

Tulani returned to her task, painstakingly covering every inch of the slick mess with her lips and tongue. 

Jordan chuckled. "Can I have a go at that, Tulani?"

Tulani stood up. "Be my guest." She grinned. 

Jordan knelt down and began to lick and taste Elunara. Tulani went for Elunara's breasts and cupped and rubbed them in her hands. 

"You guys are evil." Elunara wiggled and moaned. 

Grogek continued absently sliding in and out of her ass. "Maybe next time you won't be so childish." 

Jordan was pumping a pair of fingers in and out of her. "And make everyone worry."

Tulani licked Elunara's chest. "Or have a nasty tantrum." She kissed Elunara and ran her hands down Elunara's hips and ass. 

"Gee, Tulani," Jordan chuckled. "If you weren't wearing that skirt, I'd be in a fascinating position."

Tulani shoved her skirt to the floor and stepped over Jordan, so that her crotch was pressed against Elunara.

"Is... that supposed to be an invitation?" Jordan hazarded. 

"Yes." 

"Oh. OH! Alright." Jordan laughed as he slid the fingers of his other hand across Tulani's folds. He was surprised to find her already fairly wet. Still trying to keep a pair of fingers in Elunara, he shifted so that he could start the process of licking Tulani. He licked her soft folds and tasted her slick wetness. He teased them with his fingers, before sliding a finger up. Tulani laid her head back and moaned, gripping Elunara's breasts. Carefully, he slipped a second in and began to pump them both. He went a little faster on Tulani and was surprised when she clamped down on his fingers. 

Tulani rested against Elunara. "Well, I'm pretty done." She laughed as she dislodged herself from Jordan. "I'm certain you two can finish her up." 

"I know just how I want to." Jordan grinned. He stood up and shoved his pants off. Shifting position, he buried himself into Elunara's front. 

Grogek laughed. "That one usually is a favorite." He nodded. Both men began to pump themselves in and out of Elunara at a rapid pace. When her body clamped down, both men groaned and released themselves.

Grogek yanked at the rope and it came undone. He sat heavily on the bed. "That hook you had installed is actually pretty handy."

Elunara rubbed her wrists. "Yeah. We should use it more often. 

Jordan grabbed his pants out of the floor. "Ok, NOW I'm going to bed."

She brushed a kiss across his lips. "Good night, sugar."