 Elunara woke up in Grogek's arms. "Ah, I thought I felt my warm blanket."

"Yes, the three of us have decided that we'll take our turns... warming you up."

"Mm, I can live with that." 

They made their way inside, and Tulani was sitting at the upstairs desk, quietly sewing.

Grogek lifted an eyebrow.

"Oh, don't mind me. I just wanted to watch."

He shrugged. "As you will."

"I warn you, I might not participate at first. I barely have use of my limbs right now."

He grinned. "I can work with that." Laying her out on the bed, he tugged his clothes off and then carefully undressed her. Climbing in bed on the other side of her, he grinned at Tulani. "Visible enough?"

"Quite. Thank you."

Grogek ran his hands down her body. "I've missed you. First you were gone a week, then you've been helping Jenny." He brushed his lips against hers, before trailing down her mouth, across her chin and down her neck. His hand roamed down her body, her belly, her soft curls, across to her legs. Nipping at that sensitive part of her neck, he scrapped his teeth against delicate skin, before licking the red areas. Across her hips, down her thighs, brushing against her knees, his hands traveled up again to those soft wet folds. 

She shivered against his attentions. "I've missed you so much." She whispered.

Playing with her hairs and the soft folds they protected, he grinned. "I don't get to do this that often." 

"Mmm, what?"

"Just enjoy the feel of you." 

She shifted under him. "Just tell me when, Sugarbear. I'll give you anything you want."

"I just might have to." He slid a finger in, and rubbed his fingers on the inside of her thighs as he moved the finger in and out. His mouth roamed down her body as he nipped the sensitive skin. Using his fangs, he teased her body. Reaching the end, he dragged his tongue down those soft folds, before slipping in. 

She groaned and shifted. Her hands, she laid on his head. "I love when you do that."

He chuckled as he tickled her thighs with his fangs. "I love how you writhe when I do that."

"Bad." She gasped with a giggle. 

Shifting upwards, he positioned himself in between her legs. He pressed his mouth to hers, before slipping inside of her. Her legs came up on his sides, and he gripped her hips, casually moving in and out. Groaning, she shifted her legs against his skin. He sat up and ran his hands across her breasts. 

"Mm, I'm already feelings loads better. Hey, sweetness, care to join? I'm still so hungry."

Tulani sat down her sewing and grinned. "Always happy to help." She tugged her dress over her head and put it in her chair. Climbing on the bed, she scooted over Elunara's head. 

"That's what I want." Reaching up, Elunara ran her fingers through the soft folds. "Someone was enjoying the show." 

"You know I do." 

"Good girl." Elunara tugged at Tulani's thighs and brought her down. Slipping her tongue upwards, she enjoyed the flavor and feel of the wet folds. 

Tulani leaned back and put her hands on her ankles. She gasped and groaned under Elunara's quick mouth. 

Elunara pushed Tulani up. "Sugarbear, would it be rude to ask for a small favor?"

"Depends on the favor, my love."

"I can't reach Tulani's lovely tits like this."

Tulani panted. "I am fine with it, so long as I get to enjoy yours."

"Please do." Elunara buried her face, and groaned when Tulani went forward and grabbed one of her breasts. 

With a chuckle, Grogek reached out and began to fondle one of Tulani's breasts. He increased his pace, sliding in and out. He balanced his other hand by placing it on Elunara's belly. 

"I thought we were taking turns." She heard Jordan complain. 

Tulani began to shake, so she fell back against the head board. 

Elunara lifted her head. "Sorry, Sugar, I couldn't help myself. I'll be with you in a little bit." 

"I'll be waiting." He grinned, before heading back to his room. 

"I'm definitely not done with you yet." Grogek growled. He captured her mouth with his own 

Jordan went back to his room and got comfortable, before turning back to the port hole.

Elunara stretched out like a well pet cat. "Ah, that was delicious. But, now I'm after desert." She grinned and pressed her mouth to Grogek's, lightly raking her nails down his chest. "I'll want second helpings later." She brushed a kiss on Tulani's lips before heading out the door. 

In Jordan's room, she found him reclining on the bed, arms behind his head, dick in the air.

"Now, that is something I like to see." She strolled forward, bent down and slipped her lips over the tip. 

Jordan jerked in surprise and then laughed as he laid his hand on her shoulder. "Yeah, you're hungry." He groaned. She moved her head up and down as she sucked on him. He gripped her hair and stroked her ears. "Ah, Baby, I had another idea."

She grinned up at him. "Oh?"

"Keep that position." He winked.

Putting her elbows on the bed, she wiggled her butt. "Like this?"

"Sort of." He climbed off the bed and got behind her. Nudging her over the bed, he ran his hands on her ass. "Yeah, like that." Reaching forward, he gathered her hair into a ponytail and wrapped it around his hand. 

"Mm, Jordan, my love, you don't do the aggressive thing that often." 

"Yeah, well, gotta change it up." He buried himself into that warm waiting wetness and groaned. 

"I hardly believe you could get bored of me."

"Baby, no one could." He gripped her ass with his free hand. 

"Open or closed?"

"Closed. Tight." 

She crossed her ankles and gripped the bed. 

"Yes." He hissed. "Like that." He worked his way up in speed and gently yanked her hair. His fingernails bit into her hip as he slammed back and forth. 

"Harder."

"Yes, Baby, yes." Yanking her hair, he groaned as his balls hit her legs. Her head was pulled back, and his rapid pace made her teeth rattle as she groaned in appreciation. When he finally couldn't take it anymore, he exploded inside and, releasing her hair, he collapsed beside her. "Well, that was different." He said to the ceiling.

She slid off the bed and licked the length of him.

"Ah! Mean!"

"Aw," she softly ran her hand across his dick. "I was just going to clean you up." 

His dick flexed. "Yeah, well..." He sighed. "I got nothing."

She laughed and climbed in the bed beside him. She traced circles on his chest. "So, what was that?"

He ran his hand on her hip. "I had a couple of weeks to think of what I was going to do to you that I haven't before..." He shrugged. 

"I think there's plenty of time left in this night to try a few." 

She stretched her back and watched everyone get ready for the day. The lot of them wound up sleeping in the pile of blankets in the floor, 

Jordan stretched out. "It's a wonder we haven't broken something." 

"I chose my lovers for their creativity as well as their durability." Elunara grinned. 

Tulani eyed her. "What about me?" 

"Sweetness, I knew the strength was there, I just had to show you how." She brushed her lips against Tulani's.

Both boys ran into the room and threw themselves at Elunara. "MOMMA!" 

Jordan scooted out of the way. "Ok, so now I see why you smacked me."

Grogek snorted and continued shaving. 

"Ah, well, I feel awkward." Jordan beat a hasty retreat out of the room. 

"Momma! You were gone for SO LONG!" Darguni whined.

"I'm sorry, boys. Those portals are nasty work, and then I had to help poor Jenny."

"Yeah, we know." Bradly fidgeted his foot. 

Elunara went to the closet and tugged on a shirt. 

"How IS Jenny?" Darguni sat on the floor.

"I don't know. I feel asleep after I sent for Ina." She looked at Grogek.

"She's past the fever point, she going to have a terrible week, but she'll make it."

Elunara pulled on pants. "Well, then we can get back to normal."

"About time." Bradly flopped down beside Darguni.

"So how was it?"

"Yeah, where'd you stay?"

"I stayed with Varian." She shrugged.

"You got to stay in the Keep?" Bradly bounced. 

"Yeah."

"That is SO COOL!"

"Well, Varian is a friend." She shrugged again.

"Did you see Anduin?" 

"Actually, no." She cocked her head to the side. 

Jordan leaned against the door, pulling on a shirt. "Just so we're clear... you stayed, with him, or WITH him?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "What do YOU think?"

Jordan snorted. "Now I get to repeat... that is SO COOL." He walked forward and kissed her. 

She laid a hand on his chest. "Shouldn't you be out breaking the hearts of the local town women?" 

"Hey." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I missed my wife." 

With a grin she licked his lips. "It's just as well; I'm going to need to report to Renwa. You might want to stop by and have a listen."

Grogek looked up from putting on his shoes. "Should I be there?"

Elunara tapped a finger to lips. "Yes. I'm going to go check on Jenny, and make some arrangements, and then when I'm done, I'm going to give my report to Renwa."

"Can we come?" 

"You can follow me around, but you WILL stay outside when I tell you and you WILL keep whatever you hear to yourselves."

"Yes, Momma."

Elunara knocked on the door and Mark answered. She pointed to the stairs and both boys sat down with the cats. She stepped in and closed the door. "How is she doing?"

"Thank the Gods for you." Mark wrapped his arms around her. "Ina says she'll be fine, she'll just feel like shit for awhile." He stepped back and ran his hands through his hair. "Not that it's so different from... before." 

"Is that Elunara?"

Elunara pushed past Mark. "Hey, Sweetie. How are you feeling today?"

"Like shit. Mark says you stayed here for the past five days, pumping energy into my body."

Elunara stopped down and ran her fingers through Jenny's hair. "Yeah, I kinda did."

Jenny gave half a smile. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. Listen, I need you to do me a favor, and try to remember and write down anything you can think of in the week or two before you were poisoned. Maybe there's something in there that will tell me who did this." 

"So you can punish the bastard who took my baby?" She whimpered.

"Exactly." She sighed. "Also, I hate to do this Mark, but you are NOT to leave her side until I do get who did this. Someone has been trying to kill Renwa, and I think the same person did this."

"But, what in the world does Jenny have to do with Renwa?"

"Don't try to figure out crazy." Elunara shook her head. "You're just going to hurt yourself. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to clear everyone you talk to or deal with. I trust Tippy, I trust Ina. But after that..." Elunara sighed. 

"What about John?" Mark frowned. 

"John's working for me." Elunara shrugged. "It's complicated, but I trust him to be honest with me. I won't ask that you do the same."

Elunara made her way to Renwa's office. Jordan spotted her and nodded. By time she had the boys sitting outside of Renwa's office, both Jordan and Grogek followed her in. 

"I heard about where you've been. How is Jenny?"

"Hanging on. Though I'm not certain which is worse, the recovery, or the heart break."

"Maybe I should go talk to her." Zelinnia murmured. 

"I wouldn't advise against it. She would do well to hear from someone who's been there." Elunara nodded. "Tell me what you have on my books."

Zelinnia went to the spread on the table. "I've cross referenced the hell out of this mess, but I can't seem to correlate any of these together. Even with all that I know, they could have just randomly grabbed books. I decided to stick with the idea that they may have grabbed a random book just to throw out the mess, and so I grouped every over lapping incident I could. I even recreated a few pages just so that I could continue the patterns maybe you could figure out what I'm missing."

"Thank you for all of your work my lovely." Elunara kissed her temple. "But it was useless."

"What?"

"The books were a blind."

Zelinnia sputtered and everyone stared at Elunara.

"Care to explain?" Renwa frowned.

"It was actually the poisoning of Jenny that made me realize the mistake."

"What does one have to do with the other?" Renwa shook his head. 

"Anyone who knows the slightest thing about me knows about my library and how much it means to me. What better way to get rid of me, than to steal my books and be off with them? When I was in the library, I heard a door slam, thought it was the boys, went to investigate, found nothing, and discovered my books were screwed up. So that took some time, then they had more and more time as I made preparations. More than enough time to cut out the core, rip off any trackers, and then make their way into the portal.

They hit Stormwind, toss the shreds in the canals, bolt back home, they only had to be in Stormwind a little over an hour? How long could I be gone? They didn't know the entire SI:7 would drop everything to help me search. With this time flunk, I could be gone a month or two. I don't think they expected me to follow on their heels. If I had taken the usual time, then Jenny would be dead. 

Honestly, it was easy enough to do, because she's been so goddamned sick with this pregnancy, that her symptoms would mirror the poison almost exactly. No one would suspect anything was out of the way. But, the reason they took so long to hit her, was they got caught up in the time screw up. They didn't have to take particular books, they just had to randomly grab shit and hope for the best."

"Gods." Renwa ran his hand over his face.

"But WHY Jenny?" Jordan shook his head. "She's... I don't want to say useless, but she's not exactly prime target." 

"Jenny is the part I don't get, honestly. She's sweet as pie and completely innocent. However, I may have put her in line of sight by accident." Elunara sighed. "When I found out that Jenny was having a rough time of it, I decided to be helpful, and arranged for her someone to stay with her... Terica."

"Isn't that Lucy's "sister"?" Jordan did quotations. 

"Yes."

"But, that's silly. Terica is..." Jordan blinked.

"None of us know a damned thing about her, actually. One that I did realize... is that she pumps me so full of admiration, that I thought she had a crush on me. Testing a theory, I kissed her on the cheek, and she almost wet herself."

"Ok, even I admit that's a little odd." Grogek snorted. "No offense."

"None taken. Since I can't directly question the feelings she's giving me, I assumed I had another "follower" and since she hasn't found her place in town, I decided to help her out." Elunara shook her head. "Now, I am debating on two scenarios, she poisoned Jenny because she knew I cared for the girl and wanted to distract me longer... or because she didn't think I'd be back in time to save her."

"But, is she behind the rest of the mess?" Renwa tapped a finger on the desk.

"I'm still trying to determine that one." She stared out the window. "But, it would take magical skill to rip my books apart like that, more so if she IS a mage, then she could summon her own damned port to Stormwind and wouldn't have to follow the usual channels. Future more, we already know it's a mage that's been trying to kill Renwa." She rubbed her hand on her chest. "Zelinnia do you have Terica's files?"

Zelinnia went to a cabinet and after a moment, flipped them open. "Strangely bare." She handed the file to Renwa. 

He flipped it open. "I agree." He passed the file on to Elunara and she showed it to Jordan and Grogek. 

"We know plenty about Lucy, but little to nothing about her lover. I suspect that Lucy doesn't either."

"Yeah, but why would Terica worship you, and want Renwa dead?"

"That's the million gold question." Elunara sighed. 

Elunara opened the door and blinked. "Uh, hey Lucy."

Lucy clutched a package to her chest. "Is this a bad time?"

"No, I got a few minutes. Come in."

"I never properly thanked you for your help." She shoved the package at Elunara. "So, here!" 

Still blinking in shock, Elunara tugged open the ribbon. Inside the paper was a leather belt. She held it up and inspected the detailed work. "Oh. Oh, wow."

"I spent a lot of time in Darnassus as a child, so I tried to capture the essence of the place. I'm quite proud of the miniature bank, and I thought the pretty purple dyes would match your hair."

"It's..." Elunara wiped her eye. "Shit."

"I'm sorry, did I do something wrong?"

"Shit. I just hate when I cry." Elunara hugged the surprised woman. "Thank you, it's beautiful." She put it on and twisted. "Perfect fit too. I'm duly impressed." 

"To think, I wouldn't have known I had the skill if you hadn't pushed me." 

"Funny how that works." Elunara murmured. 

Elunara made her way down to the training yard. 

"Hey, new belt?" Jordan grinned. 

"Lucy made it for me."

Jordan's eyes grew wide. "Oh."

"Yeah." 

He leaned down and brushed his fingers over it. "The work is quality."

"I freaking cried." She muttered.

Chuckling at her discomfort, he wrapped an arm around her waist. "That's just who you are now."

"Ugh, kill me."

"Elune wouldn't let me." He teased.

"New belt?" Grogek cocked his head to the side.

"Lucy made it for me."

"Well, that makes things a little tricky, doesn't it?" He brushed a hand down her back. 

"I just hope she doesn't blame me..." Elunara sighed. 

"If she does, she is a fool."

Elunara made her way in to Jenny. "How are you?"

"Tired. Just so damned tired." 

"Uh, Elunara?"

"Yeah?"

"I need to go do some things." Mark fidgeted. 

"Go. I'll watch her." 

Mark nodded and went for the door. Once it closed behind him, she heard Jenny sigh. 

"He tries so hard, but he has no idea what to do."

"Men usually don't." Elunara climbed in bed behind Jenny and wrapped her arms around her. "I know you hurt, and it has nothing to do with poison." 

Jenny turned over and buried her face in Elunara's chest. "Why? Why would they take my baby from me?"

"Sweetie, whoever did this didn't care what state you were in." 

"What are you saying?"

"I can't tell you why, but someone either wanted you dead, or wanted my attention focused on you. I'm not sure which."

"But, I've never hurt anyone in my life."

"That's just the thing. I haven't figured out if you're an innocent bystander, or the intended target. The end result is, someone wants to hurt you. I've had Mark block all visitors except the ones I've personally picked. I'm sorry."

"Gods, this is so horrible." Jenny curled up against Elunara. 

"Is it ok if Zelinnia visit you?"

"Yes? But, why?"

"Remember when Zelinnia tore open her leg?"

"Yeah?" 

"She didn't. She lost her baby. She was so messed up, and she was embarrassed by everything, and... we covered it for her, if only to save her heart." 

"Oh, Gods." Jenny whispered. 

"She would like to come help you."

"Then yes. I... I would appreciate it."

"Good girl." 

When Mark returned, Elunara was sitting up in the bed, Jenny's arms around her waist in her lap. She ran her hand down the other woman's hair. "She fell asleep."

"Oh." He sat the box on the table. "I guess I'll wait." 

"I'm going to send Zelinnia on by. She wants to help."

He nodded. "Yeah. She's been upset that I sent Terica away."

"You're doing the right thing. Not even Terica should be around her. I will hand pick every single person." 

"I can't believe someone tried to kill her. Why?"

"I'm still trying to figure that one out. I won't let it happen, you have my word."

"To think, I used to be afraid of you."

She snorted. "You still should be."

"No, like..." He sighed and flopped down in a chair. "Anyone with half a brain cell should be afraid of you."

"Much better." 

"But, everyone knows how easily you can be pissed off, and how mean you get when you are. That day that I volunteered for your project? I was utterly terrified. But then..." He laughed. "Later, when Grogek was... recruiting for your birthday party, I practically dove on the chance. Even then, between the both of you, it was a matter of honor that I didn't show any nerves. But, boy was I terrified."
