 "I have to admit, I'm growing increasingly frustrated. I know in my gut that Terica is behind this, but I can't figure out why, or how to prove it." 

"We must figure out our next course of action, before someone else is hurt." Renwa leaned his mouth against his threaded fingers. "We can't figure out where or who she'll strike next and this bothers me."

"I've cleared it with Jenny, Zelinnia. If you still wish to go speak to her."

Zelinnia nodded. "I will."

Elunara closed her eyes and sighed. "I hate to pull the bait card, but I'm starting to think, that unless we catch her in the act, we won't get the proof we need."

"I used to be really good at the bait card." Zelinnia sighed. "I'd sit around like an idiot, and wait for a greedy Alliance to try and make a kill, and then a rogue or two would pop out of hiding while I ran around like a twit getting healed. Was kind of fun."

"You are a surprise." Renwa laughed. "I guess we should start making the rounds, see and be seen."

"I can't stay nearby, because she might think you too protected."

"Understood."

"Thank you for the use of the stroller, it's been very helpful." Zelinnia sighed.

"No problem. With any luck, I won't need it again."

She sat on the platform by the training yard, carefully documenting everything. Hoping that Terica would make an appearance, she scanned the edges of town. 

"How's it coming?" 

Elunara looked up at Renwa. "I haven't seen Terica all week." She shook her head. 

"Hm."

"I'd search her house, but there's Lucy to consider."

"And then people will get paranoid that you'll search any house that bugs you..."

"Also that."

Zelinnia sighed. "I just wish this could be over."

John headed to the training yard, his latest pack of papers tucked up under his arm. Being with Tippy was the most amazing thing to happen to him, ever. Elunara's faith in him was a close second. Sometimes he regretted that the project she had given him was taking away time from Tippy, but he wouldn't let her down. He hesitated when he saw her hanging out with Admiral Renwa and Zelinnia. 

He crept a little bit closer, and just watched. If Zelinnia was in a foul mood, he wouldn't go near her. Angering Zelinnia was certain to piss Elunara off. His eyes went wide, and he took off running.

"Zelinnia!" 

Everyone looked up as John body slammed Zelinnia into Renwa. He yelled out in pain as he hit the ground. 

Elunara was up in an instant. "Hold still. Don't move." She put her hands on his back and concentrated. "This will take out some of the pain, but I need a healer." 

Keeping one hand on John's shoulders, she tugged the shirt back. A massive chunk of his back was gone. 

Zelinnia gasped and knelt down. "You took that hit for me..." She whispered.

"You're lucky as shit." Elunara shook her head. "Half an inch lower and you might not have been saved."

"It hurts." He groaned.

"I'm taking the worst of it off, but when the healer gets here..."

"Saw the blade behind you. Couldn't..." He blacked out.

"Zelinnia get the blade; trace anything you can off of it."

"Right."

Grogek reached out, and Elunara slid John off of the platform and into Grogek's waiting arms. She climbed down and kept her hands on him the whole way.

"Well, he made a mess of himself." Ina sighed. "You've gone a long way towards healing the damage, but he'll need extra help." 

"I leave him in the best hands."

Elunara stepped out of the healer building, to be plowed down by Tippy.

"Where is he? How is he?" Tears streamed down her face.

"He's as well as can be expected. Go on in." 

Tippy scrabbled up and dove into the building.

"Would you look at that?" Grogek laughed. 

"I know, right?" She shook her head and dusted herself off. 

Zelinnia jogged up. "Elunara! She screwed up!"

"How?"

"She didn't... break..." Zelinnia gasped for air.

"Slow. Breathe. Clear words."

"Terica didn't break the bond. It trails back to her."

They all took off running. 

Lucy marched up to her room. "What is going on?"

A pair of soldiers led Terica out of the room in chains.

Elunara pulled Lucy to the side. "We caught Terica trying to kill Zelinnia, and have further evidence that proves she tried to kill Renwa and a villager named Jenny."

"But, why?"

"We're still trying to figure that part out."

"This can't be happening." She whispered.

Elunara helped Lucy sit on the steps. "I'll get to the bottom of this. Don't worry."

"But..."

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes?"

"I'll do what I can to make it right."

A chair was sat in the middle of the jail, and Elunara dismissed all of the guards. She just watched Terica pace back and forth. 

"Terica." There was no mistaking that wave of affection. "Please talk to me."

"It doesn't matter, I've failed."

"Failed what?"

"My revenge."

"Sweetie, I can't read your mind. You're going to have to tell me what's going on." 

"Dak." Terica grabbed the bars.

"Dak?"

"You remember him, don't you?"

"Yeah, he almost killed me." 

"It was an accident." Terica waved a hand. 

"What does he have to do with anything?"

Terica growled. 

"Ok, let's try this again. What did Admiral Duchie have to do with Dak?"

"Dak was under General Duchie for years, but when Duchie wanted a promotion, he dumped Dak out of his company. Dak wound up under General Renwa, and left me trapped behind."

"So, you're angry at Renwa for taking Dak away from you?"

"Yes! AND he's the reason Dak was executed!"

"Then why not go after Grogek? It was his blade that finished Dak."

Terica rocked her head back and forth. "Because Grogek was new, and he was just following orders. And he is yours."

"Then why Jenny?"

"Because Jenny is Duchie's daughter! I had to get rid of her!"

"Ah." She considered the woman. "My role?"

Terica rubbed her hands on the bars. "You tortured Terrance. You made him into the husk he is today, and had my revenge for me." The love radiating off of the woman was sickening. "And I heard... I talked to one of the guards who kept Dak. He told me that you wanted to spare my beloved."

"What of Lucy?"

"A means to an end." Terica shrugged. "I had to find a soldier that was willing to go through, and willing to take me along. After that..."

"Why not a male soldier? You would have been out here quicker."

"NO MALE BUT DAK TOUCHES ME!"

"Yeah, you're touched alright." Elunara shook her head. "I am compelled to inform you, that neither Terrance nor Jenny are the children of Duchie. Duchie's been such a fuck around all these years that he doesn't even know who his kids are. He heard of an illegitimate pair of kids, and decided to check it out. Unfortunately, I know who their parents are, and it's classified information through the SI:7. Their father doesn't want someone using them as leverage against him."

"But..."

"Yeah, I know what you heard." Elunara shook her head. 

Outside, Elunara sighed.

Renwa held out the listening orb. "Who'd have thought that'd come back to us?"

Zelinnia bit her lip. "Who's Dak?"

"When Grogek first arrived, there was a soldier who was pissed about Grogek being allowed to train the men. He poisoned Grogek's axe and waited to see who got cut. I did." Elunara shook her head. "She used the same poison on Jenny."

"She used me."

Elunara turned and spotted Lucy hiding behind a building. "I'm sorry, Darling. She did."

Lucy put her face in her hands and began to weep. "I thought she loved me. She was the first person to even understand me, just a little bit." 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Lucy. "Here, now. Don't do that." 

"But, I don't know what to do!" She wailed. 

"Come on, let's get you home."

"NO! I can't go back there!" 

"Then come with me. You can go to my home for now." 

With a sigh, Elunara closed the door to one of the downstairs bed rooms. 

Tulani came in with her basket. "Something wrong?"

"We found the ass who's been trying to kill Renwa." 

"Well, that's good."

"It's Terica."

"Oh. Ouch."

"Lucy might stay with us for a few days. I don't know."

"Fun." Tulani brushed her lips against Elunara's. "You'll figure it out."

Elunara ran her hands down Tulani's hips. "Ugh, no more. I'm not sure even I could handle that."

"How is she holding up?"

"She cried herself to sleep."

"Poor girl. I'm familiar with that myself."

"No one will make you cry again, my little lovely." She brushed her lips across Tulani's and tugged the woman's hips to her. "I'll make sure of it."

Tulani carefully dropped the basket to the floor and pressed into the embrace. Elunara's hands slid down Tulani's ass, as Tulani's arms came around her neck. They danced and mated their tongues and mouths together, savoring the sensations. 

"Perhaps... it is best we take this upstairs, so we don't disturb our guest." Elunara whispered.

"My sewing can wait." Tulani grinned. 

Lucy groaned and shook her head. She had a moment of panic before she remembered where she was. Tears came easily to her and she sighed. Throwing back the cover, she found her way to the privy. Stepping out of the little room, she looked around. Following the sound of voices, she made her way up stairs. The door was cracked, but she didn't want to just shove it open. She lifted her hand to knock, but spotted the strange circle in the door. Peering through it, her eyebrows shot up. 

Laying in the over sized bed, Elunara was completely naked, and had the Draenei known as "Tulani" draped across her body. 

Elunara ran her hands up and down Tulani's hips. "I do enjoy your body. It's so delightfully tasty." 

"It is thanks to you that I can even enjoy my own body."

Elunara tugged on Tulani's hips, dragging her forward. Reaching out, she cupped a breast. "I want these in my mouth." With a giggle, Tulani wiggled into position, and groaned at Elunara's attentions. With one hand, she cupped the breast and sucked gently on the nipple. The other hand she moved down and slipped her finger in. 

Tulani arched back and ground her hips against Elunara's hand. She cupped Elunara's breasts, and ran her thumbs over the nipples. He fingernails bit into the flesh of Elunara's breasts as the orgasm raked through her.

"That's my girl." Elunara laughed, as she moved her hands to Tulani's ass.

"Oh, sorry." Sliding her body back, Tulani bent down and kissed each breast. "I didn't mean to hurt you."

"Sweetness, the day you can actually hurt me, is the day I go back to training."

"Still, I want to apologize." Tulani grinned, sliding all the way down. Her tongue flat, he stroked Elunara's warm center. 

Elunara ran her fingers through Tulani's hair. "Ah, I like when you do that."

Using a pair of fingers from each hand, Tulani spread the lips apart, before carefully covering every centimeter with the tip of her tongue.

"You're getting good at that." Elunara wriggled. 

Tulani giggled. "I learned from the best." She went back to her enjoyment of her partner, slipping a pair of fingers in and pressing down. 

Lucy jerked her head away and covered her mouth. She really shouldn't have watched such an intimate act, but she found herself completely drawn to it. Turning away, she fled back to the room Elunara had so graciously given her. 

Hugging the pillow, she found herself analyzing everything her and Terica had ever done. It all seemed so sweet, so timid, but she guessed that was part of the act. Curling up, she began to cry all over again.