 Jordan and Grogek were standing on the side of the yard, discussing the latest set of soldiers.

"I swear they get worse every batch." Jordan groaned.

"Are they scraping bottom?" Grogek sighed.

"Nah, just rushing it." Jordan scratched his head. "They want to get as many out here for the final push as possible. Maybe I'll get to show you Stormwind soon."

"That'd be nice." Grogek smiled. 

"You know, it's really fascinating to see you two getting along." Joby was from the newest ship over.

"Yeah, well, only cause I'm fucking his wife." Jordan jerked his head towards Grogek.

"Yeah, well, only because I'm fucking YOUR wife." Grogek snorted. 

They both looked at each other with a grin, before exploding in laughter. 

Joby walked over to Gerald. "What the hell was that about?"

Gerald swallowed his bite of cookie. "They're married to the same woman."

"Wa?"

"No, it's cool. Watch this." Gerald put his hands on either side of his mouth. "HEY GROGEK!"

Grogek looked over. "WHAT?"

"I FUCKED YOUR WIFE!"

Joby gasped and stepped back.

"Well? Did you enjoy it?"

"Or are you trying to file a complaint?" Jordan snickered. 

Once again both men looked at each other before doubling over in laughter. 

"What are you two idiots laughing about?"

Both turned back and grinned. "Nothing?" They said in unison.

"Oh, don't YOU two start doing that. I might have to start paring down my house!"

"Elunara!" Gerald cried. 

"WHAT?"

"How'd you get so freakishly strong?"

She stepped forward. "Jacking off men for forty years." 

"That can't actually work." Someone muttered.

Elunara climbed up on the platform. "Hey, can I borrow your weights?"

Grogek shrugged. "You know I never deny you."

"Toss me a pair of fivers." 

Grogek wandered over and grabbed a pair of five pound weights, tossing them up. 

She handed one to Gerald. "Ok, now do this." She made a rapid jacking motion.

Gerald snorted and repeated the motion.

"Ok, now keep that up for a solid minute." 

"Seriously?" Gerald blinked

"Seriously." 

"Shit, this is hard."

"Yes, it usually is." She winked. 

"Ok, ok, everyone who wants to, grab the same thing, let's see who can last the longest!" She started the motion and everyone followed.

"Elunara what the hell is going on?"

"An exercise competition. Someone asked me why I was so strong, and you know my answer. There are doubters."

"Goddamn!" Someone swore as he dropped the weight. 

"I don't know why I bother asking." Renwa sighed.

"Personally, I think you like having a migraine." Elunara grinned. 

Several more dropped their weights. 

"I'm starting to think so too." Jordan grinned. When Renwa shot him a look, he straightened his shoulders. "Sir."

Grogek laughed, also shaking a weight up and down. "I don't do this on my own that often."

"Bragging or complaining?"

"Oh, definitely bragging."

"Elunara?" Renwa sighed. 

"Yeah?"

"Everyone else has stopped."

"Really? Lame."

"You can stop now."

She laughed and tossed the weight down. "After awhile, you stop noticing it. Anyone else have any dumb questions?"

"Yeah, how many men have you fucked?"

"I'd have to check my books, but I know it's in the thousands somewhere. It gets a little fuzzy when you get up in the five and six at a time ranges. Any others?"

"What's the weirdest?"

"Dragonkin has to top the list."

Even Renwa froze at that one. "What?"

"When I was on mission to join the Twilight cultists, I discovered some really disturbing shit. Everyone knows that they torture their initiates, but what few actually know, is that every batch of new cultists are given to the twilight dragons to "play" with. Many are eaten, most are tortured, but a few... well, I assure you, that you'd rather be tortured. They don't differentiate between male or female either. Those that survive the process are usually fucked up beyond belief. There's no mistaking that. Lots of them wind up killing themselves... or worse. A clean death is always the quickest. In any event, I knew that in order to survive, forget finish the mission... I had to do the unthinkable, and actually volunteer for the process. 

Now, I won't tell you the specifics, but I will tell you that I survived because I am a pro, and because I can make any situation work for me."

"I sent you on that mission." Renwa whispered.

"There was no way of knowing the truth and, quite frankly, only the highest of the twilight know about it. In fact, I try not to think too hard about it." She sighed. "Since I have broken your brains, I'll return to my original goal of drawing on this beautiful day." She jumped down and grabbed her board, only to be squished between Grogek and Jordan. Her board clattered to the ground. 

"Baby, I had no idea."

"My love, you never wrote on it."

"I did. I hid those pages. In fact, the only copy of those pages is hidden in the SI:7 headquarters. Only Mathias himself knows the content of those pages."

"Now I know why none of our other agents returned." Renwa frowned. 

"Two of them were eaten. One of them was found out and... skinned alive. I have no knowledge of any others." 

"We sent seven. When you returned, Mathias called you our lucky seven."

She shrugged. "I am a pro." Her eyes went wide as Renwa wrapped his arms around her. "Oh Gods, it was eight years ago. I'm over it." She rolled her eyes. "Curse this honesty bent you lunatics have me on." With a sigh, she pushed him off of her. "I'm over it. It's more of an amusing anecdote now. Don't worry about it."

"I still feel bad I put you in the way of that." 

"I'll try anything once." She winked, before picking up her board and heading up the hill.

Grogek nudged Jordan. "Now's as good of a time as any to tell you what I planned for Elunara's birthday this year."

"Momma!" Both boys launched themselves into the bed. "We heard it was your birthday!" 

Elunara groaned. "I did not want broken ribs for my birthday."

"Sorry, Momma." Bradly wiggled out of the way. 

"How old are you, Momma?" Darguni cocked his head to the side.

Elunara mentally counted. "Sixty."

"You don't look sixty." Bradly frowned. 

"I age about half the rate of a human, maybe even slower. I'll look like this for quite awhile."

"What do you want for your birthday?"

Elunara scrubbed her hand on Bradly's head. "What I want, I can't have for some time."

"What?"

"To take my family to see the major capitals of Azeroth. Until we can leave Draenor with no problems, I can't have that." 

"Oh." Darguni fidgeted. "Well, how about we bathe the cats, and do the town chores today?"

"Sounds lovely. I have some Library work I want to do."

"We'll do the best job!" Bradly tugged Darguni out of the room. 

Once they were out of the house, Bradly turned to Darguni. "Let's get Ina, we can have a party!" 

"Yeah!" 

"The big six-o, huh?" Jordan grinned. 

Elunara stretched and headed to the closet. "Yeah. Don't fuss. Not a fan of being reminded how much older I am than everyone else."

"It's ok; Renwa's been on my ass about turning in my paperwork on time for once."

Elunara snorted. "More like Zelinnia's been on HIS ass. That woman is a slave driver on her paperwork."

He brushed a kiss on her lips. "Happy Birthday anyway, Baby."

She cuddled against him. "My family is my birthday present." 

Grogek grinned as Jordan walked out. "I got you a present anyway."

"Oh?"

He shook his head. "I have to go get it."

She rolled her eyes. "Fine." She tugged a fang down and assaulted his mouth. "Not like you can top the last couple you've given me."

He winked and walked out. Downstairs, he eyed Lucy. "You'll want to clear the house for the next... four or five hours. Better yet, just observe the signs."

She sighed. "I know how this house works."

"It's Elunara's birthday."

"Really?"

"She's sixty."

Lucy's eyebrows shot up. "That's Night Elves for you."

Tulani sighed. "Forgive me; I worked on yours for months. I'm not taking it back now."

"Oh?" 

Tulani took her hand and led her down into her Studio. 

Elunara gasped. "Oh, it's gorgeous."

"I even stained the blood myself."

Elunara laughed. "You know me all too well, my sweetness." She brushed her lips over Tulani's and ran her hands down her ass. "You know..."

"I'm sorry, my love. I thought your birthday was tomorrow, so I promised Eloise I'd help her with a back order today."

"Oh, fine. Tonight then." 

"Of course."

Elunara poked her head in Lucy's room and wasn't surprised the woman was gone. As gloomy as Lucy had been, at least she remained efficient. She was going to have to figure out how to pull Lucy out of her funk. She headed to the library and began sorting through the recent set of portraits. She was going to have to get Joseph to bring his kid back for a second sitting; the child couldn't stay still for two seconds. 

The door opened and she heard Grogek's footsteps. "Love?" 

"Yeah?" She looked up. 

"Can I close this door for a few minutes?"

"Uhh, yeah..."

"Alright." He closed and locked the door. 

She stared at the door for a moment before shrugging and going back to her work. 

When the door next opened, Grogek stood there, looking official. "Your birthday present is ready for inspection."

She blinked and got up from her seat, placing her papers back on her desk. She wandered to the door and her eyebrows shot up. Lined up in a row, were four naked men. They knelt on the ground, heads bowed, and their hands behind them as if bound. Jordan was leaning against the other wall.

"Hmm." Was all she could think of to say.

"For your sixtieth birthday, we got you sex men to enjoy." Jordan grinned. 

"We are the other two." Grogek nodded. "Yours to command as you please."

"I see." She strolled over to the four men and her eyebrows shot up. Placing her fingers under the chin of one, she had him look at her. "Mark?"

"Permission to speak." He said. 

"Granted." 

"Jenny says... "Happy Birthday", ma'am." He bowed his head.

Elunara grinned and strolled over to Jordan. "Well, in all fairness." She put a hand on his shoulder and shoved him down. "I think you two should join the rank." 

Grogek nodded and knelt. 

"Now, what to do with my prizes?" She tapped a finger on her chin. Walking back to the first man, she grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked his head back. "Take my pants off."

"Yes ma'am." He reached up and grabbed the edges of her pants, and slowly drew them down her hips and legs. 

She lifted a foot, and he tugged the side free. She straddled him. "Please me."

"Yes, ma'am." He buried his mouth into those soft folds. He licked the flesh and slipping his tongue into her. His hands moved up her leg. 

"Hands stay on the legs, your mouth only." She growled. 

He stroked her legs as he moved his tongue around in fascinating patterns, tracing every last bit of her. 

Grabbing his hair again, she moved him back. "I am pleased." Using the toes of her foot, she stroked the length of him. He was rock hard and she grinned. 

Moving away, she grabbed the next two and made them stand. "Take off my shirt."

"Yes, Ma'am." They said in unison. Each grabbed part of her shirt, and moved it up and over her head, tugging it free and letting it drop to the ground. 

She took the opposite hands of each man and put them on her hips. "My breasts need attention."

"Yes, ma'am." Both lifted their free hands and cupped one breast each. Together they stroked and fondled, before licking and kissing her breasts. She leaned her head back and just enjoyed the sensations of them both sucking on her nipples. She brushed her fingers down the length of the both of them. 

Shoving them backwards, she eyed them as they returned to position. "That's enough out of you." For the last man, she dug her nails into his shoulder. "Hands on my back, mouth on my stomach."

"Yes, Ma'am." He sat up on his knees, and wrapped his arms around her body, and pressed his face to her belly. He worked his way around, using his mouth and tongue, while his hands rubbed up and down her back. 

She shoved him back down and held out her leg. "My legs are also lacking in attention."

"Yes ma'am." He trailed his mouth and tongue up and down her leg, while stroking and rubbing the muscles. 

She tugged herself free. "Oh, I am quite pleased with my selection." Walking back to the couch, she yanked a series of levers, and unsnapped several locks. "I have been eager to try out this setting. I'm very glad I went for all the bells and whistles." Once she was satisfied, she grinned to herself. 

She marched up the line of men and tapped her chin. "Mark, I hope you're not claustrophobic."

"Ma'am?"

She grabbed his arm and tugged him up to standing. "Lay here." She pushed him on to the space she'd prepped. Once he was laying back, his legs down to the floor, she popped the section closed. All of them were trying to stare without being noticed. She grabbed a man and made him stand on one end, before grabbing another and getting him opposite. Tapping her chin, she nodded and adjusted the two men a little more. 

She grabbed Grogek by the arm and tugged him into position at the head. She yanked his pants down and gave him a lick. "Oh, yes." Strolling over, she grabbed Jordan by the arm and got him where she wanted him. For the fourth man, she stood him by the couch. 

With quick work of her mouth, she got Mark nice and hard before adjusting him into her ass. She could hear him groan from his position. "Alright, you." She pointed to the fourth man. "When I lay down, you will climb on me and sit on my belly, with your legs in the slots here." She pointed. "Jordan gets to fuck me, Grogek gets my mouth. You two get my hands, and you... get to fuck my tits." She grinned. 

"Yes, Ma'am." All said at once.

"Good boys." She lay down and all moved into their positions. She purred when Jordan slipped into her, and rubbed the dicks that had been laid in her open palms. The forth climbed on top of her as instructed and slipped his dick between her breasts. The grin she gave them was feral. "Ok, Go." She laid her head back and slipped her mouth over Grogek's dick, getting comfortable so that he could fuck her mouth. 

At once they all began to move. The one on top held her breasts tight against his dick as he rocked his hips in and out. Jordan began to fuck her, causing him to bounce up and down against Mark's dick in her ass. She groaned on to Grogek's dick as he went for the same motion, automatically timing up with Jordan in their usual routine. In each hand she began to jack the dicks she held. 

Mark gave out first, followed by the men in her hands, and the fourth one covered her neck and chin with himself, while Jordan and Grogek kept going until she began to shudder and struggle against them. Grogek slid free and she licked him up, groaning as Jordan dislodged himself. She shifted her hips and release poor Mark from the torment. With a laugh, she stood up and stretched, before unlocking the box.

"You are all released from my service." She purred. "My husbands give me the BEST birthday presents."

The tension went out of their bodies and they collapsed to the floor. "This place is insane." Sighed one. 

"Why'd you think I came back?" Mark laughed.

Jordan laughed. "Only YOU would have prepped to fuck six men at once."

"I was going to make it happen eventually." She shrugged. "I just hadn't had time to figure out how."

After the other three left, Elunara sighed and turned to Mark. "How is Jenny?"

"It's only been a week my side."

"Ah."

"It was Grogek who... invited me to the party, but Jordan figured out how to get me here in time."

"Jenny know?"

"Not the specifics, but she knows it involves sex with you in some form."

"Well, as long as she's ok with it."

"She loves you." He said quietly. 

"I get that a lot." She put a hand on his shoulder. "She loves you more." 

Elunara whistled as she finished up a set of drawings. Today was shaping up nicely. Had some fun, got her brains fucked out... she could turn sixty every day.

"Momma!" Both boys ran into the house. "You have to come see!"

"See what?" 

"The thing!" Bradly pointed.

"By the fountain!" 

"It's really neat."

"What is it?" She lifted an eyebrow.

"Don't know,"

"But, it's pretty!"

"Alright, alright." She picked up her board and followed behind the two bouncing boys.

She almost dropped her board when she arrived in the center of town. The entire place had been done up in a million points of glowing light. There were flowers and decorations everywhere. She stepped forward and everyone jumped out yelling "Surprise!". All were wearing their best party clothes. Food and drink sat to the side and the musicians had already set up and began to play immediately.

"I suddenly feel woefully underdressed." Elunara blinked.

"Well," Tulani smiled, her hands clasped in front of her. "I did have your dress brought." She motioned behind Elunara. "I figure you could just toss it on."

Elunara walked to the pretty dress and grinned. Yanking her shirt off and tossing it away, she took the dress from Grogek and pulled it over her head.

"Only you would be unconcerned with being topless in front of a crowd."

Elunara whipped around. "MOTHER?"

"This isn't the first time she's disrobed at a major event." Varian shrugged.

Elunara threw herself at the both of them. "I can't believe you're both here!"

"I couldn't miss my daughter's sixtieth." Tyrande smiled.

Varian laughed. "When Renwa told me about the party, I couldn't help myself."

"Wait, Renwa put this together?"

Renwa laughed. "Actually, the whole damned town did. I merely reminded certain people what day it was..."

Bradly and Darguni bounced up and down. "We went to tell Ina that we wanted to give you a party, but she said it'd already been in the works."

"Aye, I've been working on this mess for months."

Zelinnia giggled. "I helped with decorations and lighting."

"You guys." Elunara felt her face grow hot and tears came unbidden. "Goddamn you all, I'm crying." She wiped her face. 

Jordan sighed. "You're not going to run again, are you?"

"Oh, hush you." 

Varian reached out and brushed her cheek. "I don't think I've ever seen this side of you."

Tyrande laughed. "Elunara has been showing many sides of herself we didn't know existed."

"Hell, I didn't know existed." Elunara held a hand up to Grogek. "Until him, I didn't have emotions. I thought they were dead. Suddenly... suddenly I'm a person now." She whispered. "Oh, Gods, it's so clear to me. I didn't consider myself a person, I considered myself an object to use and be used. Now, I am a person, with emotions that keep me crazy." She cackled. 

"Well, it's good to know the real you." Jordan grinned.

"I am honored to have been the one to bring this to you." Grogek nodded. 

"Then I should thank you as well." Tulani smiled. "For if you hadn't opened yourself, I would still be lost."

"I wouldn't have been born!" Darguni gasped. 

"And I wouldn't have a family." Bradly hugged her.

"I wouldn't be alive, free, or married, or have a kid, with a second on the way." Zelinnia sniffled and wiped her eyes. 

Renwa laughed and hugged Zelinnia. "I think everyone here has something to thank you for. You've brought this town together and made it into something amazing."

"THIS IS THE BEST DAY!" Elunara threw her hands in the air.

Everyone cheered. 

Someone ran through the crowd and made it to the center of the procession. "WE'VE WON!!" He screamed. 

All froze and stared at the newcomer. He placed his message in Varian's hand. Varian opened the message and read the contents. "I'll be damned. The campaign is over." He whispered. Holding up the sheet, he yelled for all to hear. "The campaign is OVER!" 
