 Jordan made his way up the final flight of stairs into the tower room. "Baby? Are you in here?"

"Oh!" Elunara turned to him and wiped her eyes. "Yes, I'm here, did you need something?"

"The last of Bradly's things have been delivered to his new house." He wrapped his arms around her. "You've been crying."

"It's silly, I know."

"No it's not." He said quietly. "I was near tears myself. He's lived with us all this time."

"Twenty years he's lived here, and been our son. I know it was hard for him, staying home while so many of his friends moved into the barracks."

"Yes, but it was those special privileges that allowed him room to grow, that pushed him to prove himself, to make him better than those around him." 

She turned and looked out of the window. "Who would have thought that a silly whore could love her children so much?"

"You've never been silly." He chuckled. "You're THE whore, a level that no one could hope to match." He kissed the back of her neck. "I've never seen you like this. Who knew it could turn me on so much; to see you standing here, tears streaming down your face over one of our children moving away."

"Is that how it is?" She giggled. 

He slipped his hand down the front of her pants and brushed fingers through the fine hairs, to the wetness beneath. The other trailed upwards into her shirt and tugged at a nipple.

"Maybe I should cry more often." With a gasp, she leaned back against him. "You've always had magic fingers, my love."

Gently, he pressed the first finger in. "You're always so fucking wet."He pinched and tugged at the nipple, his mouth dancing across her shoulders and neck. The second finger went in and he began to pump. Her hands trailed along his arms as she gasped at his attentions. The hands moved off and he pushed her pants to the floor. 

With a wiggle and a kick, she was free of the garment. Going forward, her hands planted on the window glass, and she held herself up. He shoved his own pants to the ground and stepped up to her, slipping himself deep inside of that dripping wet. Using his thumb, he stimulated the outside of her ass, sending shivers into her body. Leaning forward with her, he shoved her shirt up and grabbed her breasts with his hands, teasing and tormenting the nipples.

"Gods," She whispered. "Like that."

With long sure strokes, he buried himself in and out. Biting her shoulder, he held on as she clamped and writhed against him. Not content and certainly not done, he straightened up and grabbed her hips, slamming over and over, until at last he felt himself give way to her clamping heat. He released with a spasm of his own. 

"That farmer won't forget this."

"Huh?" Jordan blinked at her dumbly.

Shoving against the window to straighten up, she jerked her thumb back. Looking over, Jordan could see a man with an over turned basket of apples. 

"Did... You know?"

"About the time you let go of my shoulder, I noticed him staring."

"Ah, geez." He sighed and raked a hand through his hair. 

Over the next few weeks, the platform above the training yard was broken down and divided into multiple sections. The highest portion was in the center for addressing the troops, and the two platforms on either side were for seating. Enough room was made for Elunara's ever growing family. 

Susan made her way down to the training yard with a smile. Ever since Tilly and the twins had started making new friends, she had more time to herself and less time worrying about their whereabouts. The extra time, she spent with her paints and the more she seemed to enjoy them. Hauling her canvas in one arm, and her bag of supplies, she made herself comfortable on a platform. 

With no intention of painting the troops, she sat herself up nice and began work on her pretty flower garden. 

"That's coming along quite beautifully." Elunara leaned over.

"Isn't it just? I had a lady asking me about it. She actually wants to pay me money to paint something for her."

"Now that's a kick in the pants."

"It is." Susan beamed out a smile. "Hi, Emaline."

"Hello, Aunt Susan." Emaline replied quietly. "I like your garden."

"Thank you."

"Momma?"

"Yes?" Elunara looked back at Lydia. 

"Can you watch Dargek while I take the girls singing?"

"Of course."

Dargek flopped on the platform. "I want to go with my friends."

"Dargek, you know-"

Elunara stepped in front of Lydia and addressed Dargek. "I think it's time I start training you."

"Training?" Dargek sat up straighter.

"Momma, I don't think that's-"

"Don't you want him walking better?" Elunara put her hands on Lydia's arms. "You know I'd never do anything to hurt him. This will make him stronger, less reliant on that awful crutch."

"If you think it will help." 

"I know it will. Please, trust me."

"With my life."

"With your child's?"

"Of course, but..."

"Trust is what I need from you." Elunara placed her hands on Lydia's arms. "Let him go, momma. Be proud of your son, and let him fight it out."

"You're the only one I'd trust with this."

"I know." 

Lydia took Wenrietta and Lani's hands. "Take care of him, Momma." 

"I will."

Dargek watched his mother walk away with his three sisters. "I wish she would let me do things."

"You forget that your mother grew up with both of her legs bad."

"Why won't you do for me what you did for her?"

"Because you're still growing. We had hoped..." Elunara shook her head. "It doesn't matter. What we focus on is what you have. Perhaps when you get older and stronger, we can try something different." She dropped off of the platform and made her way to the weapon rack. "Today you toss away that crutch, and you learn to use a staff."

"What's the difference?"

"Fighting style." She selected a small one and found hers. "The weapon becomes an extension of your body."

"Just like the crutch." Dargek wrinkled his nose. 

"Not exactly. Let me see your legs."

He sat on the edge of the platform. "Like this?"

Running her hands down his legs, she sighed. "Let me try again." Concentrating, she ran her hands up and down the bad leg, willing the muscle and bone to stretch and lengthen. Desperately, she willed it to match the other.

"That feels funny Grand momma." 

"I think I made some more progress." She rubbed the twisted muscle. "Perhaps more drastic measures will have to be taken."

"My toes of my bad foot almost touch the toes of my good foot." He wiggled his feet. "They don't hurt so much now, Grand momma."

"While you train under me, you call me Elunara."

"Yes Grand- I mean, Elunara." He thought for a moment. "Don't you have a title like Grandpa Grogek, or Daddy?"

"I have many titles, young one, but as your trainer, I'll use my name." She scooped him up and sat him on the ground.

"Of course." Taking the small staff from her, he hugged it to his chest and propped up on it.

"Try putting your weight on your bad leg."

Dargek shifted. "It doesn't hurt so bad anymore." 

"Good, because it's time to work."

Darguni wiped the sweat off of his brow. "I see Momma is taking on the newest generation of warriors."

Grogek grinned. "You'll have your chance, son. She'll see to it."

"Put all of your weight on your good leg. Yes, just like that." Elunara stooped down and considered. "Now, add weight to the bad one." Nodding, she smiled. "It's definitely longer."

"I'm not as lopsided." He grinned. 

"We can work with that."

For the next few days, Elunara worked on extending Dargek's leg and teaching him how to move with the staff. 

"Momma?"

"Yes, Lily?"

"Can I have a staff too?"

"What?" Lydia blinked down at her eldest daughter. "Why?"

"I want to learn to fight!"

"You... well..."

"Momma..."

"I hated it."

"You were in training too?" Lily bounced in her seat.

"Yes, years ago, I even have my own weapons, but I hate fighting, even if I know how."

"Momma, PLEASE?" Clasping her hands together, Lily bounced. "Please, please."

"Well, alright, but we'll have to get you some pants. You can't train in skirts and dresses."

"YES!" 

While Lily ran in happy circles, Lydia bit her lip.

"What in the world?" Darguni made his way over. "What's going on?"

"Lily want-"

"Momma said I could train with Grand Momma!"

"Oh?" He ran his hand over Lydia's back. "You don't look too thrilled."

"You know how I hated it."

"Let her learn to hate it on her own." He chuckled. "That's how kids grow." 

"I guess." Lydia bit her thumbnail. "First Dargek, now this... I guess I can't hold them back forever."

"You shouldn't hold them back at all."

"I know." She picked at her dress. At least I have a couple of baby years with Wenrietta and Lani."

"I'm not a baby." Wenrietta pouted.

"Oh?" Darguni grinned. "Do you want to train too?"

"With stinky boys? No!" Wenrietta crossed her arms.

"Me either." Lani shook her head. "I want to sing with mommy." 

From beside them, Jordan sighed. "Oh, if only my little girl thought boys were still stinky."

"How are wedding plans going?" Darguni grinned.

"Kill me now." He shook his head. "I can SEE the little hearts popping above their heads."

"Daddy!"

"Hi, pumpkin, speak of the devil."

"Maybe I shouldn't give you what's in this basket I brought down."

Jordan eyed the basket in her hand. "Why am I being bribed now?"

"I... well, I was hoping you'd let Nara go for the day."

"Ugh, better to be off with the both of you." Jordan signaled for Nara. "Keep your basket."

"Thank you, daddy." She kissed his cheek.

After they walked off, hand in hand, Jordan sighed again. "Though, to be honest, I kind of feel bad for William. He hasn't been the same since Lulu made her little announcement at the ball."

"Ooh, yeah, I remember that mess." Darguni shook his head. "Poor guy."

"Perhaps he'll find his match at the mage academy." Jordan shrugged. "How's Dargek faring?"

"He's working hard and loving every minute of it." Darguni scooped up Lily and put her on his shoulder. "If my little girl wants to join him, all the better."

"I do daddy," He wrapped her arms around his head. "I do so badly."

"Grogash asked if he could as well." Susan smiled. "Since the Junior Rank won't take a child under eleven now, perhaps Elunara will give our children the head start they so desperately desire."

Elunara made her way to the platform. "What's going on?"

"Grand Momma? Can I join Dargek? Can I have a staff?" Lily bounced on her daddy's shoulders. 

"I don't see why not."

"And Grogash." Susan nodded.

"Certainly."