 Elunara opened the door and smiled. "Hello, you must be one of the new recruits."

The man blinked at her. "You're the queen. Why are you here?"

"Yep, you're a new one alright. Come on in, let's get you set up." 

"Set up?"

She pushed the door back and moved away. "All new recruits get their first portrait for free."

"Well, I..." He trailed off and blinked at her. "My what?"

"Surely you've seen the men's portraits?"

"Oh. OH! You're the one that does those?"

"I am."

"Man, I thought Mark was pulling something on me."

Elunara halted in lifting her board. "How would that be "pulling something"?"

The man went beet red. "Nothing." 

"You're lying, and I don't like liars."

He continued to fidget in place. "Look, this isn't something I'd go to a superior officer over, let alone the Queen of the realm." 

"This?"

"Do I have to say it?"

"Now that you're in my house, yes. I'd like to know why you came here. False pretense or not." 

"This is your house?" The confusion on his face grew. "But, you're queen."

"Ok, stop calling me that and just talk."

"But..."

"Let's start from the beginning." She flopped down on the couch and gestured towards a seat. "This is my house. My house is a special place where people can come and tell me every little thing without worry of leaking it out. You have something embarrassing to say, and I'll listen and advise you, because that's what I do. I'm something of a therapist like that." She snagged her board and began work on the man.

"I..." Clearing his throat, he rubbed his neck. "I guess I have to. You see, I was at the bar the other night and I got a little drunker than I intended to, and wound up confessing to General Mark that I have this issue with women."

"Issue?"

"I..." His color deepened. "I cum too soon. I haven't fully pleasured a woman in my life." Burying his face in his hands, he sighed deeply. "This morning, Mark sent me here. Told me to take the day." Was muffled. Looking at her, he sighed again. "Now that I've humiliated myself..."

"Stop. I told you, you can tell me everything. You're not alone. In fact, I invented a neat little device to help with that exact issue."

"You... what?"

"Let's start fresh." She changed her sheet. "What's your name?"

"Ryan."

"I'll work on your portrait first, alright?"

"But..."

She softened her voice. "The goal is to make you more comfortable, it's hard to work with a person who's been humiliated, so we'll start clean, alright?"

Ryan let out the breath he'd been holding. "Thank you."

Setting her board to the side, she stood up and walked over. She held out a hand and when he took it, she pulled him to standing. "Alright, I know you're used to standing for long periods of time, but I'm going to position you to get the best portrait I can, and afterwards we'll help you with your little problem."

"Alright. I guess so."

"Good boy." After returning to her seat, she picked up her board and went to work. She worked with him, having him turn back and forth so she could get all of the angles. By time she went for the clothes, he had relaxed quite a bit. 

"I can't believe I'm standing here in my underwear in front of the queen of Stormwind."

"Would you stop that?" She sighed. "You're about to be naked, get over it."

"Naked?" He squeaked.

"Lose the unders, dear."

"I..."

"NOW!"

"Alright, alright." He shoved them to the floor and kicked them to the rest of the clothes. "I don't want to offend you with my privates."

Elunara chuckled softly to herself. "I have seen more hard ons than most men." She quickly sketched in the remaining details before putting her board to the side and standing up. 

"What are you...?"

"It's a shame you're having these issues, you're quite splendid to look at." She ran her fingers under his chin. "Look at you... that neck, those shoulders... I always had a soft spot for well built shoulders."

"B-but... the king..."

"Knows what I do for a living."

"Living?"

"Get hard for me." She whispered, before running her tongue across his shoulder. Moving her hands back, she lightly raked her nails down. An adjustment and she was sucking on his shoulder, enjoying how he shivered under her touch. Her mouth worked down his chest and was joined by her hands on his ass, cupping and stroking. By time she reached the floor with her knees, he was hard as a rock, and shuddering.

"I'm going to..."

"No you're not." Moving a hand around, she pressed a thumb under his dick and worked her magic. Slowly, she drove him crazy with her fingers and her mouth, but still he maintained his erection. After a little more of this slow torture, she released her thumb and watched him finish to the floor.

"How did you do that? I've never gone so long." He stared down at her.

She stood up and walked to her couch. "Pressure points. Which tells me that my device will work. She stooped down and dug through her drawer under the couch before pulling out a set of squishy rings. "Here take these. When you know you're going to have sex, you slide one of these to the base of your dick. It feels kind of like a double pussy, and will hold you erect for longer than normal. If you find yourself unable to finish at all, you can simply slide the ring away from the base."

"This is amazing." He squished the tiny ring in his fingers.

"I've invented all sorts of devices to help people with their sexual problems, and you're not the first to receive this particular bit of fun."

"So, Mark..."

"Oh, lord no. That man has some beautiful stamina. He can go for hours."

"You've..."

"I've done a lot of people." She shrugged. 

"I thought you said that you keep secrets."

"Mark is no secret." She waved a hand. "Everyone knows he's been in my clutches. Ask him some time." 

"Who though? Who else suffers as I do?" He tugged his pants up.

"That I'll never tell." With a wink, she waved him away. "Your portrait will be done soon enough. Take the day to explore our fair city."

It was a few days before Ryan had the nerve to approach Mark again. "I feel like I should be tried for treason."

"I take it you got the full treatment?" Mark grinned.

"Does everyone get blow jobs from the queen?"

"First of all, she hates that title. Second of all, most of us have been in her... "care"."

"I just don't understand the queen, err Mrs. Wrynn acting like a lowly whore."

Mark laughed. "Ok, call her Mrs. Wrynn, and she'll tie your dick around your neck. And Elunara is anything but "lowly". Look, you're new here, and you lived in that fetid swamp of Dustwallow Marsh for far too long. Things work differently here."

"Enlighten me."

"Let me explain her family tree. You see, Elunara married General Grogek first, then a Draenei woman by the name of Tulani. You'll see her occasionally with her baby, Sinea." Comfortable with the topic, Mark leaned back against the platform. "Then she married General Jordan. Finally, she married High King Wrynn."

"She sure blows through them."

"Oh, she's still married to all of them."

"Wait, what?"

"I'll explain it better some other time. You should know that she loves all of them."

"But then she... well, she... why me?"

"Why anyone?" Mark shrugged. "You're not unique, nor are you special. She did you because she has an addiction to sex. That's why her code name is "The Whore"."

Ryan blanched. "I might be ill."

"People like that reaction, but you'll get used to it."

"How many kids does this woman have? After all of that?

"Not as many as you'd think. You see that orc with a human in a headlock? Those are her first two sons. Darguni is her birth child and Bradly is her adopted son. Elunara has only given birth twice, Darguni and her four year old Emaline, that one is Wrynn's. Lulu is her daughter in every way that matters, and that one belongs to Jordan. Sinea was born from Jordan and Tulani, but don't think they have a thing, Tulani is female set."

"This is confusing."

"Oh, it gets worse. Grogek married a human female named Susan and THEY had Tilly, seven, and twins Grogash and Mimsy, six."

"By the Gods!"

"I know right? All three of them share a birthday with Darguni and Lydia's kids Lily and Dargek. Who also share a birthday with their second set of twins, Wenrietta and Lani."

"That must be rough." Ryan shook his head. "Who else should I be aware of?"

"Well, my wife Jenny is Elunara's adoptive sister, which makes my children, Grodan, Tyralu and Mary her nieces and nephew."

"A-and yet you... you've fucked her sister?"

"Now you're following me. There's a blood elf around here, you'll see her occasionally, and she's Elunara's first adoptive sister and SHE married Elunara's former lover High Admiral Renwa. Their son, Nara, is marrying Lulu, and his sister is Abigail, who is dating my son. Then there's Elunara's adoptive brother Gerald, who married Chrissy, and they have a son, William." 

"How do you keep track of this?"

"I'd draw you a chart, but it'd take too much paper. Elunara is a unique creature, she literally feeds on sex, and needs it like you or I need water." 

"A succubus?"

"She's been accused."

"Who does portraits?"

"Her second favorite hobby is drawing. Look, she used to be this crazy ass mission specialist, and though I don't know all of the details, I can tell you that she is the best of the best. She wouldn't be who she is without it. Now she runs the SI:7. As for the rest of it? We worship her as our goddess, and that's the most confusing thing to get used to."

"I'm starting to think you're having me on about all of this."

"Again, not uncommon. You're getting the standard explanation of our beloved Elunara."

"I heard my name."

Both men looked up. "I was just trying to explain you to one of our newest recruits." Mark grinned.

"Oh, that." Elunara winked

"Don't take it all in at once." Varian commented. "It can hurt."

"Hurt?" Ryan squeaked, as he tried to scoot away from the platform. 

Mark grabbed Ryan by the arm, as Varian chuckled. "Your brain."

"He's just nervous because he got the full treatment." Elunara shrugged. 

"Ah." Varian nodded. "The new ones." He said knowingly. Turning his attention, he nodded to Mark. "How are our troops?"

"My half of the yard is doing quite well. Jordan can report for his."

"I see the progress well enough." Varian's gaze lingered on Ryan. "You'll learn."

"Yeah, Elunara wraps us all into her tangled web. Sucking down the energies of the hapless flies." Mark flashed a grin up.

"Oh, Stop." She laughed. "You act as if you don't march willingly into my jaws."

"Who wouldn't?" 

"Coming to my next birthday party?"

"I always get first invitation." Mark winked. "I'm VIP."

"Keep telling yourself that." Elunara wrapped her arms around one of Varian's. "Come, Sugarlove, I feel like a stroll." Turning back, she smiled down at Ryan. "I hope my gift has paid off."

He blushed deeply. "Worked like a charm."

She nodded. "Good."

"You do love scaring the new ones." Varian commented.

"Highlight of my day." Elunara giggled.

"Momma is scary?" Emaline looked puzzled by the new information. "Everyone loves my momma."

"Depends on who you talk to, little sweet." Stooping down, she scooped Emaline into her arms. "It's fun to pick on new people, because they don't know if they should be afraid of me or not. I can be downright terrifying when I'm angry."

"You don't scare me."

"You've never done anything to make me that angry, my little princess."

"Just wait." Varian grinned. "There's always someone starting some bit of trouble."