 Lydia stretched and wiggled. "Man, my back is killing me." 

"What did you do to it?" Susan looked sideways at Lydia sitting on the platform.

"Nothing in particular. Just day to day, I guess. I'm still not as good as Momma at healing body pains. Maybe I'll ask her for a back rub."

Susan went back to her painting. "Why not your husband?"

"He does well, but momma is a professional at it. She finds the strangest knots and deals with them swiftly."

"That's a fair point. I have her do me occasionally."

"Given what I know, that sounds really weird coming from you."

Susan blushed and ducked her head. "You know what I mean."

"Do you guys ever...? Well, I don't know how to ask that, or if I should."

"Things get a little strange with three people in a bed." Shrugging, Susan washed her brush out in her cup of water. It was a fascinating little device that kept the water clean in between colors. "I'm not as open as your mother; maybe you should ask her if you truly are curious."

"No, I'm sorry, that was rude of me." Lydia sighed. 

"Where are the girls?" 

"Tulani wanted to measure them for some new dresses. Even though they are twins and the measurements are the same, they like doing the same thing, so they stay together."

"Typical really. The girls are off with their friends having tea and biscuits like little socialites. Grogash makes barfing noises when I suggest he do anything his sister does."

With a giggle, Lydia leaned back on her palms. "Grogash and Dargek are practically twins themselves. I have no idea why Lily loves training so much, but the three of them are glued to each other. Which I appreciate, because I don't have to worry about Dargek playing with his friends, so long as his sister and... uncle are with him. That sounds so weird."

"Doesn't it?" Susan giggled.

"In any event, those three watch out for each other. They'll be seven soon, and it'll be even harder to hold Dargek away from his friends."

"You shouldn't."

"Yeah, I know. I just worry for him. The world can be a cruel place for a child born as I was."

"In this city, you'll be hard pressed to find someone like that. They tend to leave quickly."

"Not before doing their damage." 

"Too true."

After work was done for the day, Lydia and Darguni walked hand in hand up the hill to their private spot. "Hard to believe no one has found this place yet." Lydia sat on the grass. "You'd figure a flying mount would go by ever so often."

"Complaining?"

"Not a bit." When he sat down, she cuddled up close. "I'm also glad that momma is taking care of the kids for us." 

"Four is a handful." He kissed the top of her head. "A bit of quiet is always good." 

"Mm, I didn't have quiet in mind."

"Is that so?"

"Well, first I want a backrub, after that..." She traced circles on his chest. "The rest is up to you."

Darguni licked his lips. "Is that so?"

Holding up her hair, she shifted her back towards him. "Unzip me please."

"With pleasure." Slowly he tugged the zipper down, sliding his fingers under the edges of the fabric, brushing his way down her back. "Your skin is always so soft."

"Your hands are always so rough, yet I love the feel of them on my skin."

He kissed the back of her neck. "Mine." 

"Always."

Pushing the dress forward, he cupped a breast and slid the zipper the rest of the way down, tugging her into his lap. With great care, he tugged the dress free, removing her small body from the garment and into his lap. "Mine." He lightly growled. One had went down and to the front; a finger slicking through her soft folds.

She gasped. "I said massage first."

"Oh, I know. I just wanted to play with my delicate little wife first." His fingers drifted lazily through the folds, as he teased and tormented her into a writhing mess. 

By time he gave her a gentle push forward, she was half mad from it. "Oh, you're just awful!" She gasped.

"I know I am." He grinned down at her. Using the heels of his hands, he began to work on the small of her back, kneading and twisting. Up and down her back his hands roamed, finding those nasty little knots. By time she was groaning, his own erection had reached a painful level. Shifting himself free of his pants, he tugged her hips up and slipped into her waiting wetness. 

Gasping in surprise, Lydia clung to the grass. Even as he pumped himself in and out, he continued to work on her back, pressing and kneading, shifting and changing. His fingers wrapped around her shoulders and he worked on her neck. Shifting yet again, he pulled free and helped her turn over before capturing her mouth with his own and slipping back in. Her legs came up to his sides and her nails tore holes in the back of his shirt. 

One hand cupped her ass and the other buried in her hair as he buried himself into her scent and body. Together, they tumbled in the grass, never tiring of the feel of each other. When she sat on top of him, she raised her arms to the sky and laid her head back. "Give it to me." She cried.

"With pleasure." He pulled her down hard on to him and rolled yet again, his hips working into a frenzy before she clamped down on him and he let go into his clamping heat with a grunt. Gasping from the effort, he collapsed on top of her. 

She giggled wildly. "We haven't done that in awhile."

"I remember why. I can't feel my spine." Sighing, he sat up on one elbow. "Plus, I think I rolled over a pinecone somewhere."

"Aw, poor baby."

"Hey, those suckers are sharp." 

Lydia giggled and sat up. Looking around, she snagged a rock and held it out to Darguni. "I think this is your pinecone."

"Looks about right." He snagged it from her and tossed it away. "Never again, little bastard."

Lydia giggled. "Sorry about that."

"It was worth it, to see you sitting on top of my dick." He winked. 

Later, blinking up at the sky, Lydia stared. "The hell?" She sat up and looked around. Nudging Darguni, she sighed. 

"Whazat?" He blinked at her. 

"We must have fallen asleep up here. Momma's going to kill us."

"Shit." Darguni jumped up and yanked on his pants. "Well, I guess there is a downside to no one finding this place." He considered a moment. "Well, mother knows where we are."

"She does?"

"Oh yeah, I had to show her when I was a kid. If she was really all that concerned, she would have found us by now. Still, we should go."

Lydia held her hair up. "Zip me?"

"That's how we got in trouble in the first place." He winked, as he tugged on the zipper pull.

It was days later in a sunnier area of town, that Elunara found herself daydreaming about a slice of carrot cake from Tippy's. Connecting thought to action, she made her way to the inn that Tippy had in city. 

"Hello, Miss Elunara." Enalla smiled. "How can we help today?"

"Carrot cake, please."

"Right away." She disappeared into the back. When she came out, she had a large slice of cake and a fork. Where is little Emaline?" Enalla sat a plate down on the table.

"With her daddy. She just loves playing princess." Elunara scooped a bite into her mouth and fought the urge to orgasm. "I think your mother is outdoing herself again."

"Just for you, there's always a fresh carrot cake, should you stop by."

"This one had to have come fresh off the cooling rack."

"In fact, I was frosting it before you walked in."

"That's it, I'm adopting you."

"My child, hands off." Tippy gave a half growl. "Can't have you taking my favorite baking assistant."

"How are Jimmy and Rachel?"

"Eh, off being teenagers. I can't hogtie them to a chair and make them help me. Though it's tempting." Tippy gave a motherly chuckle. "Where's the little princess?"

"I left her sitting on the throne, a small crown a top her head, as she directed various people into her little game."

"Oh lord." Tippy giggled. "Not like her momma at all."

"Varian and Anduin find it funny as hell, actually."

"I imagine so." 

Zelinnia walked in the door and flopped down. "Oh, good you're here."

"What's up, sister of mine?"

"Grodan just proposed to Abigail."

"Why do you sound so disappointed?"

"I'm not. Well, okay, I am, sort of."

"Grodan is a good kid, quite a match I hear."

"No, that's not the problem."

"Well, what is it?" Elunara shoved another forkful of cake in her mouth.

"Abigail thinks we should have HER wedding first because she's older."

"Um, what?" Elunara sprayed cake at Zelinnia. "Sorry." She wiped her mouth and brushed the cake off of Zelinnia's shoulder.

"She fully believes we should postpone Nara's wedding so that she can do it first."

"No offense, Sugarbutt, but I thought you raised her better than that."

"I did too! Now my kids are at each other's throats again, and Johnathan has taken to locking himself in his office just to avoid the pair."

"The hazard of letting them still live in your house."

"Don't I know it? Thankfully, Nara has found a small house that he's taking his savings to."

"Lulu told me about that. She's feeling guilty about moving out, and lord if I won't miss her, but honestly, I think they should. My house is huge, but crowded. I offered them both the honeymoon suite, who knows if they'll take it."

"Honeymoon suite?"

"Third level turret. Beautiful 360 view up there."

"Ah." Zelinnia considered. "Can I stay there until my kids move out of my house?"

"Not a chance, Sugarbutt."

"What should I do?"

"Nara's wedding is in less than a week. This is a fact, not a suggestion, there's just too much involved to derail it now. Abigail will just have to live with it."

"Ugh, living with Abigail is the complicated part."

"Stand your ground, momma."

"I am. I am." Zelinnia sighed and laid her head on the table. "This is a disaster."

"Here." Tippy sat a plate on the table. "Eat your sandwich."

"Thanks, Tippy." Zelinnia poked at her sandwich. 

"Don't worry momma, I'll see what I can do." Elunara finished off her carrot cake.

Elunara walked into the back bathroom and lit up the runes on the wall, turning on the lights. Next she made her way over to the massive tub and stooped down, lighting the runes for the hot water. When it began to fill, she sat on the edge and dipped her toes in. Satisfied with the temp, she tossed in a fizzer tablet and grinned. 

Grogek walked in wearing nothing but his pants. "We haven't done this in a few weeks."

"I know, but after being cried on by poor Zelinnia, I needed the bath."

"Anyone joining us today?"

"Just you and me, Sugarbear." 

"As you wish." He grinned. Shoving his pants off, he tucked them on to one of the side benches. 

"Someone's ahead of the game." She giggled. Reaching up, she stroked the length of his dick with her fingers. "So delightful."

"I'm always hard for you, my love." 

Getting up on her knees, she licked the length of him. He tugged at her ears and she groaned with him. Once she wrapped her hand around his dick, she tugged him forward and sucked on the tip. 

"I thought you wanted the tub." He groaned.

"Oh, I do. But I wanted to taste you before you got all soapy. Come, Sugarbear. Come for me and let me drink you down. I crave what you give to me." Once again she licked the length of him before sucking on the tip. With greedy sucking motions, she worked her way down his dick, taking the full of him into her mouth, working her fingers and palms on the base of his dick and balls.

His fingers threaded through her long purple hair and tugged and massaged those points in her ears he knew drove her mad. Planting his feet, he held on for dear life as he tried to remain standing while he filled her mouth. She knew the moment he came for her and she drank it down with greed she had not shown in some time. 

"What was that?" He gasped.

"I need you, my love." She ran her hands up and down his thighs. "Sometimes I wonder if I neglect you in favor of my other duties, and it bothers me."

He took her hand and tugged her to standing. "My vicious and clever little she wolf, I could never feel neglected by you. You tire yourself into the ground in order to make all of us work. And we each in turn love you for what you can give. You would not be you without everything you've worked so hard to build. No, don't feel ashamed or neglectful of whom you are."

"Thank you for that."

Gentle as a butterfly, he kissed her mouth. "Always be you and we will always love you for you."

"Come, the water is delightful."

"I bet it is."

Later, sated and fully used, they both cuddled in the still foamy water of the bath. 

"Have you heard the news of Grodan and Abigail?"

"Yes, Grodan made a yard announcement this morning."

"Abigail wants Nara to put off his wedding so that she can have hers first."

"How cruel of her to be so selfish!" Grogek gasped. 

"I know, right?" Elunara sighed and rubbed her hands on his legs. "Zelinnia is worried that Abigail will ruin Nara's wedding by just being there, and I don't know how to stop it."

"Since when is Abigail like this?" He wondered. "Her parents would never allow her to make such childish demands."

"Even Lulu can't believe it. She said that Abigail is actually fairly modest in most things. Though Abigail is a talented mage and gets a lot of praise and admiration from her teachers, Lulu says that it embarrasses Abigail to a large degree. However, after the disaster with the stolen objects, the siblings don't get along. Lulu seems to believe that Abigail is just doing this to hurt Nara."

"What a brat." Grogek sighed. "I'm glad we haven't had these kinds of issues with our own children. But that is time away for Tilly and the twins. They better not act so poorly. I don't care what their ages, the punishment would be harsh."

"Spoken like a true orc." Elunara winked. "In any event, Nara's wedding is happening on the correct date, even if I have to tie Abigail to a chair and beat the snot out of her."

"Spoken like my vicious she wolf." He laughed. "Not that I could see you actually doing such a thing to your niece."

"She tries to ruin Lulu's wedding and I just might." Crossing her arms, she grit her teeth. "Lulu's wedding will be perfect, or heads will roll."

Chuckling, Grogek shifted himself and tugged his irritated wife into his lap. "I think I can take your mind off of things." Under the water, he slipped his finger into her slick center.

"I don't know, I'm pretty annoyed right now."

"Is that a challenge?" 

"It just might be." 

He pressed a second finger in. "Your voice says no, the rest of you..." 

She shifted her legs to accommodate him. One of his arms went under her leg and lifted her knee to his shoulder. Pressing her back to him she groaned and laid her head on his other shoulder.

"More like this." Over and over he pumped his fingers in and out. The warm soapy water made everything slippery and slick. Shifting again, he lifted her hips back and slid her down on to him. A few pumps and he tugged her off again, before slipping himself into her ass. The water sloshed around them as she grabbed wildly for his legs to hold on to something. 

She propped her leg up on to the ledge and his fingers went for her again. In and out, up and down, he shifted her, sending water up and over the edges of the hot tub. Gasping and moaning, they writhed together, before her entire body clamped down and sent him shivering after her.

"Good thing I keep a mop in here." She gasped.

Grogek just roared in laughter. 

The next day, Elunara waited outside of the Mage Tower. 

"Momma, what are you doing here?"

"Sorry, Lulu. I want to talk to Abigail alone."

"I take it my mother told you what I said..." Abigail fidgeted in place.

"I just want to know why."

Abigail sighed and flopped down on a bench. "I don't know..." She picked at her skirt. "I'm older, I just wanted my wedding to be first, but Grodan took forEVER to finally ask me, even though I knew he wanted to sooner... It's just not fair."

"Fair? FAIR?" Elunara gestured. "I hate the word fair. Fair is a word made up by politicians and the weak willed. You sound like a spoiled little rich girl, mad because daddy didn't give you a new pony. You can't ask for a wedding that had been in the works for MONTHS stop and postpone just so you can get in early. Lulu asked Nara, you could have asked Grodan."

"Lulu just announced it."

"Exactly." Elunara huffed out a breath. "If you're so upset by this, you should have taken it up with Grodan, not your brother."

"Grodan didn't want to ask me until he got that promotion so that daddy would respect him."

"So now it's Jordan's fault?"

"I don't know, maybe?"

"Girl, you are seriously pushing my buttons right now." 

"I don't know, okay? I mean, ever since that day I got caught in the men's bunker, daddy has been showering Nara with praise and affection, and getting mad at me over little things. He finally apologized, but some days..."

"Oh. MY. GODDESS!" Elunara yanked her own hair. "REALLY, child. REALLY?"

Abigail's eyes went wide and she scooted down the bench. 

"You ARE a spoiled little rich girl. Spoiled, jealous and petty. Your father worships the ground you walk on and it's just not enough for you. You have driven him to TEARS, and yet you pull this stunt."

"Tears? Daddy?"

"Yes, tears. Nothing can be crueler than the heartless words of a child. By pulling this wedding mess on your father, you have sent him into hiding, because his pride prevents him from showing how he truly feels in all of this. You need to sit down with your father and work out your issues, before you have this massive wedge between the both of you. I should know, I did the same to my mother."

"Tyrande cried?"

"More than she'll ever tell me. Now go home, find your father AND your mother, and hug both of them and apologize, or so help me..."

"I'm going! I'm going!" Abigail stood up and fled.