 "I can't believe the entire yard, if not the entire city is angry with me over last night." Ryan sat on the ground beside the standing Mark.

"We are pretty protective of our goddess and you pissed her off."

"By defending her from being watched?"

"Was that what you were doing? I sounded more to me like you were decrying her favorite sport."

"Sport?"

"Fucking. Fucking and being watched while doing it, mostly. She limits her activities to the Grove, so those who don't want to watch don't have to. See, Elunara is an energy creature; she absorbs all the love and affection that someone is willing to give her. It is food to her, or maybe it's like beer to us. She doesn't have to have it, but boy does she like to get drunk off her ass on it. You cannot judge her on this; it's who she is. Everyone knows it, especially her husbands." Mark sighed. 

"Every year, for her birthday, a group of us go and let her play with us like little mice in a maze. We always get our share of the cheese. For her eightieth, there were eight of us, we had a fucking orgy, and it was amazing, she was practically glowing by the end of the day. I hear tale of when she was a mission specialist she fucked like twenty guys in a single day. She's completely crazy, but we love her for it."

"I might puke." Ryan bent over.

"Most would. Those of us that are used to her and her crazy ways love her for it. Even her husbands. Hell, especially her husbands. Grogek used to torment the guys that spent a day under her care, because they were so afraid of him that they gave him extra effort and work. Once we realized it was just part of their game, we worked even harder to get chosen as her playthings. Get in line or stick out of it. We don't care, but you better not interfere."

Elunara paced Tulani's studio. "I can't believe the nerve of that useless little twit."

"Now Elunara, you know you can't change everyone."

"I never try." Sinea began to cry, so Elunara picked her up. "Now, now my sugar baby, momma's not angry with you."

"Yes, but she knows you're angry."

"Annoyed."

"Annoyed." Tulani continued her sewing of the details. "In any event, I'm glad you did the Grove last night instead of tonight. I'm almost done with the dresses and I need to do some last minute fittings."

"I don't know why. Your work is always flawless." Elunara shuffled Sinea around. "I think she's hungry, want me to get it?"

"No thank you. I want to nurse my sweet little baby as much as I have time for. Five months old, and she's already so big." Tulani sat aside her work and took the baby from Elunara. Tugging her shirt open, she began the process. I had Darguni, and you had Lulu and Emaline. Now for my second baby."

"She's so pretty. A little pale for a Draenei, but what can you do?"

"There are plenty of pale Draenei, some are even completely white." 

"True. But you're so blue." Elunara ran her fingers over one of Tulani's horns. "And just as beautiful."

"Oh, you." She switched Sinea to the other side. "Perhaps if I get her down for a nap..."

"I thought you had fittings."

"I can always make time for you." Tulani giggled. At the knock on the door, Tulani tugged her shirt closed. "Come in!"

"Momma Tuly, I'm sorry I'm late, I got stopped by Mayby." Lulu brushed her hair back and kissed Tulani on the cheek.

"What does the harpy want?" Elunara sighed.

"Don't know, but she was looking for you just the same."

"Of course she was. I'll go placate her, or she'll have half the town looking for me." Elunara disappeared out of the door.

"Oh, Mommy Tuly, it's gorgeous!" Lulu wandered around the dress on the stand. "It's so... perfect."

"The dress is done. I don't need you to try on this."

"Then what am I here for?"

"Are you prepared for your wedding night?"

"Momma Tuly!" Lulu blushed. "Well momma and I had the talk, and I'm taking the stuff..."

"No... I mean these." Tuly tugged back a curtain. "It's time to find the perfect accompaniment to the rest of the outfit." She winked.

The heat in Lulu's face was almost unbearable. "These are... these leave nothing to the imagination."

"Oh, I disagree, they add to the imagination. I have happy customers all over the world. Your first time is going to be spectacular, but let's liven it up a bit, shall we?"

Elunara didn't have to go far to find Mayby. "What is it now, you nutter?"

"I swear, sometimes you act like we aren't friends."

"Mayby, you only need me when you want something out of me. Spill it."

"I do... not?"

"Seriously, think long and hard about it."

Maybe paused and considered. "Ok, fine, maybe I'll ask you out for tea someday, but that's something else altogether."

"So...?"

"Please don't be angry with Ryan."

"That's... not a track I expected you to take."

"Ryan is my nephew, his mother is my sister. He was just raised differently from you."

"Mayby, I was raised differently than I act. I was supposed to pious and pure."

Mayby stared at Elunara as if she had been slapped. "W- Seriously?"

"My mother is Tyrande, what do YOU think?"

"That's... SERIOUSLY?"

"Stop saying that. After my rocky teen years, I found my first dick, and it went from there."

"Wow." 

"Yeah."

"Anyway, please don't stay mad at him. Please? He's just so young, and foolish to the ways of the world. My sister was devastated when her husband died, she refuses all attempts to help her move on, she believes her husband to be her one and only."

"Some are like that, Mayby. Leave her to her grieve in her own way. Just don't let her grieve alone."

"I'm not. It's just, he was raised that men and women are to have their one and only, and we all know how absolutely crazy your family is."

"Thanks, Mayby." Elunara laughed. 

"Just, consider what I said."

"Mayby, you of all people should know how little I care for grudges. I was mad then, I'm not mad now. In fact I don't particularly care. I'm just trying to get ready for my daughter's wedding tomorrow."

"Of course. I can't wait. The Keep is looking amazing. Only the best for Princess Lulu."

"Please, you know Varian will find a way to top it for Emaline's wedding."

"Oh, that day will be a banner day." Mayby gave a heartfelt sigh. "I do love weddings. I wonder if I can find Ryan a bride..."

"Mayby! Enough with the scheming!"

"You first." They shared a giggle. 

"I hear that Gabriel girl doesn't have a boyfriend yet."

"Is that so?"

"Sic her, Mayby."

Later that day, William sat on a bench outside of the mage tower. 

"William?" 

He looked back. "Oh, Hey Lunari."

"I didn't see you in class today."

"Just not feeling well."

"Yet, you're here instead of at home in bed. You could have come to class."

"Just didn't feel like it."

Lunari sat on the bench and put a hand to William's forehead. "You don't feel feverish."

"I'm sorry, I just..."

The door opened and Lulu practically bounced out of the door. She was joined by Abigail and both were chattering back and forth. 

"Oh. Them." Lunari's voice was flat and dull. 

"You can't get within five feet of either of them without being swept up into wedding talk."

"Yeah. Everyone knows how much you care for Lulu."

"She thinks I'm her brother. To her I might as well BE her twin."

"I'm sorry." Lunari hugged her book to her chest. "You want to go to Tippy's and get a bite to eat?"

"Tippy's catering the wedding. So, no."

"Then let's hit one of the other inns. The city has seven of them."

"Yeah, that sounds good."

Lulu bounced. "Tomorrow! I almost didn't come to class today, it was SO hard to sit and pay attention to Mr. Masters."

"I can imagine." Abigail bit her lip. "You sure you're not mad at me about what I said to Nara."

"You were just brain fuzzled by Grodan's proposal. I can easily forgive something said in passion."

"Your mother almost killed me."

"She does have a temper." Lulu held up her hand. "I got a scar to prove it."

"I don't think your mother did that in a temper. From what uncle Gerald said, she did it with deliberate precision."

"She was angry with the boy that tried to kidnap us."

"NOT the same thing, sweetie." 

"Well, whatever she said to Mr. Masters when she was pissed helped me out, so I can't argue with that either." Lulu flicked her hair out of her face. 

"I can't wait to see your wedding dress."

"Oh, it's absolutely fabulous. SO perfect. But you should see what Momma Tuly is giving me to wear UNDER the dress."

"Under?"

"Come on, I'll show you." Lulu took Abigail's hand and they ran together down to Tulani's studio. 

"Back already?" Tulani laughed as she cuddled Sinea to her chest. 

"I wanted to show Abigail your secret line."

"AH hah! Couldn't get enough of it, could you?"

"Oh, but you have some fabulous designs!"

"Lulu has been babbling about them the whole way. She's about got me convinced to wait on marriage like she has."

"Oh, really?"

"We've... well, this is embarrassing." The heat flew to Abigail's face.

"You can tell me, sweetie." Tulani laid Sinea in her bassinet. 

"Well, we've kissed and put hands in each other's clothes, but that's as far as we've gotten. I haven't decided when to lose myself yet."

"How romantic." Tulani giggled. "I can honestly say that you should only do what you are comfortable with. I didn't wait, but that was what I was most comfortable with. We never did the wedding thing, but that was ok for us. We consider Elunara's marriage to Grogek to also be our joining, because of the significance. It's just what it was."

"Do you miss it?"

"Not a bit." Tulani shrugged. "In this family, a declaration is just as important as the act itself. We treasure that."

The entire city was decked to the hilt in wedding decorations. Most had taken the day off, knowing they wouldn't do any business on such an auspicious day. The keep was filled to capacity, standing room only for princess Lulu's wedding. Even the steady stream of rain outside did not detract from the beauty within the Keep. The nervous bride waited in one of the wings, Elunara and Tulani there. Tulani made her way around Lulu, eyeing every stitch in the dress for any wear or tear. 

"You know, I was half mad with worry when I married Varian. It was a weird sensation." Elunara wrapped her arms around Lulu. "Then Tulani reminded me that Horde might attack and give me a blood bath to gleefully attend."

"Thanks Momma." Lulu laughed. "That's real helpful."

"There's a million things that could go wrong..."

"You're not helping her, my love." Tulani muttered around the straight pins in her mouth.

"But, they won't because I won't let them." Elunara hugged Lulu hard. "A little rain is a good thing, sure every bride wants to be married on a day as sunny as her impending happiness, but rain brings good tidings to the farmers and the flowers. Today, as so many people wait inside for the chain of news that is our bride to be, you and Nara commit the rest of your lives together. Just the two of you."

"Thank you, mother, that was beautiful."

"Where, oh where, did I go wrong and raise a monogamous!" Elunara cried in fake despair.

Lulu giggled wildly. "Some of us only have room for one." She added in her most prim voice.

A woman stuck her head in the door. "I need the flower girl and bride to line up. Mother and... other mother... to your seats please."

"Good luck, my baby. I love you." Elunara slipped away from Lulu. 

Tulani stood up and wrapped her arms around Lulu. "Knock him dead, my daughter."

"Thank you both." Lulu reached the door and wrapped her arm around Jordan's. "Oh, Daddy. You're crying."

"It's not every day that my only daughter gets married." 

Emaline was the flower girl, tossing her handfuls of flowers on to the pathway as Lulu made her way up. Looking to Nara, she spotted the broach on his chest and her heart soared. At the altar, Jordan tugged Lulu in for a quick hug, before he broke away to sit in the crowd. 

Their vows were said and kisses exchanged, then the couple made the long run down the crowd of well wishers before they were able to escape to the small house Nara had purchased. He scooped her up and carried her over the threshold. 

"You're mine now." He grinned.

"Forever and always." She brushed her lips against his. 

"Many long months I've waited, longer still if you count before we decided to wait on each other. I want to do this right and I want to do this slow."

"We have all the time in the world." She breathed, as she wrapped her arms around his neck. 

He took his time, pressing his lips to hers, soft and slow, mating their lips together. When she opened her mouth, he took his advantage and used his tongue against hers, tasting and savoring; he ran his tongue along the top of her teeth and elicited a gasp from her. 

Her hands came up under his uniform, and her fingers dug rows down his back. Moving his hands back, he found the zipper of her dress and pulled it down. Pulling the material forward, he blinked down at the lacy bits underneath. "What?"

"Aren't they amazing? I love the feel of them on my skin."

"I do too." He ran his hands over the bra and grinned. "What other secrets do you hide, my love?"

"There are matching panties, and Momma Tuly sent me over a mess of various types."

"We are going to have too much fun with all of them I imagine."

"She told me there are more where that came from."

"Bless Momma Tuly." He groaned. Once again, he went for her mouth, hands roaming over the soft fabric against her breasts. She tugged at the bottom of his uniform and he let go of her. "Hold on." He took off his gear and stowed it in the closet near the door. When he was down to his pants, he turned back to her. "Now we have no distractions."

"Except this dress." She twirled a little and the bottom of the skirt flared out.

"Of course." He laughed.

Lulu pushed the dress to the floor and stepped out of it. With great care, she picked it up and tucked it into the closet. "Now I don't have to hear Tulani in my head warning me about the care of that silly dress." 

"Or Jordan in mine about my uniform." Nara grinned at Lulu. 

Lulu fidgeted in place, her hands over her belly. "Um, now what?"

"Now, we enjoy each other." He stepped forward and took her into her arms. "You will be honest with me, won't you?"

"About what?" 

"If what I do pleases you, or displeases you."

"Nothing you could do would displease me."

He captured her mouth for his own, devouring the taste of her. His hands roamed down her body and found that center heat. She gasped and he pressed his advantage once more taking her mouth completely. Carefully he laid her on the bed and climbed over on top of her. She spread her legs out and he scooted down, licking over the top of the fabric and wet hairs. 

Gasping, she grabbed at his hair, as he rubbed over the fabric, pressing some of it into her. Then he tugged the panties to the side and slipped a finger in. In and out, he pumped his finger, feeling around inside her. When she began to writhe under him, he tugged himself out of his pants and, in one swift movement, buried himself in that wet heat.

She cried out in pain and he cringed. 

"What did I do wrong?"

"I... I... wait, I just... move a little." She gasped.

"Like this?" He shifted his hips.

"Yeah, it doesn't hurt so much. Try again."

"Tell me how to make it better for you." He pumped his hips in and out. 

"It is better. It was the suddenness of you."

"I'm so sorry." He kissed her forehead, her nose, and her lips. "Please forgive me."

"The moment has passed. Make love to me, Nara." 

"At once." He buried his face into her neck, licking ad kissing his way across her collarbones and shoulders. As he worked himself in and out of her wet, slick center, their hands roamed over each other and lips and tongue found those hidden spots on each other's bodies. 

Together, they rode those hills and valleys of sensation. As she clamped down around him, he let himself go.