 Lydia swept the porch and considered her life. Everything was perfect. Well, not exceptionally perfect, but damned close to it. She had the perfect husband who worshipped the ground she walked on; four beautiful children and a lovely home. It may have been Elunara's house, but Lydia couldn't imagine living anywhere else. 

Lily and Dargek were doing excellent in training, a thought that still baffled Lydia. Then again, she loved training with Elunara; she just hated training as a soldier. 

"LYDIAAAAAAA!!" 

Lydia cringed at Gingy. "What, you banshee?"

"Oh, don't be like that." Gingy wrapped an arm around Lydia's. "I wanted to tell you first!"

"Tell me what?"

"I'm pregnant again!"

Lydia wrapped her free arm around Gingy's back. "How wonderful for you."

"I just found out this morning. I'm sure Warren is telling his buddies at the yard, but I just HAD to come tell you first. I had a fitting with Ember that I couldn't reschedule, boy was it hard to not tell her, but I just wanted my BEST friend to know first, and-"

"Gingy, breathe."

"Oh, I'm so EXCITED!" She bounced up and down, shaking Lydia with her. 

"I'm thrilled, but if you don't let go of me, I might barf on you."

"Oh, you." Gingy waved a hand, but untangled herself from Lydia anyway. "Can you believe it? Soon little John will have his own brother or sister to play with."

"Speaking of, where is he?"

Gingy blinked repeatedly and looked around. "He was just here..."

"Oh shit." Lydia spun in circles. "JOHN?"

"JOHNATHAN JAMESON MATTHEWS, YOU COME HERE RIGHT NOW!" Gingy crossed her arms and tapped her foot. 

From behind a tree, a small boy stepped out. "Sorry momma."

"You don't hide like that again mister." 

"I wasn't far, you didn't hafta be so mad."

"I do when you won't stop doing something I've told you repeatedly not to do."

"John," Lydia stepped up to Gingy. "You can go inside and play with Wenrietta and Lani."

John ran in the house as if he was escaping with his life.

"You don't have to be so hard on him, Gin. He's just a little boy."

"You don't understand. He drives me nuts. The other day, I lost him in trade district. He was gone for almost an hour, and I'm searching high and low and frantic half to death, when I find out he'd snuck into the candy store and helped himself to some of the product while the shopkeeper had his back turned. It's not like Tippy's where she has us all a tab."

"Alright, alright I can see where that'd make you antsy." Lydia ran her hands up and down Gingy's arms. "You sure you want a second one?" She winked.

"I do hope this one is a girl. I've already started drawing up designs."

"You said Ember was in your shop, I thought she got all her stuff from Tulani."

"Tulani only takes exotic clothing these days. I do basic home goods." Gingy lowered her voice and leaned in. "Between you and me, Ember has been hitting the dessert shop a little too much lately; she's had me take out a few dresses for her."

"How catty of you."

"I know how much you hate her." Gingy giggled. "We get along well enough, but she just hates you completely."

"I'm actually rather indifferent to her." Lydia shrugged. "She hates that I brought out the monogamist in Darguni. She was one of his favorites."

"WAS she now?" Gingy tapped a finger to her lips. "That explains so much. Ember hasn't found a guy since. She told me so. Then again she told me I should stop talking to you since you're such a bitch, but we know I won't do that. Especially since you're my bestest friend."

"Gingy. Air. You need it."

"Sorry, I'm just chattering your head off."

"It wouldn't be so bad if you didn't rush it all out in a single breath."

"I just don't want you thinking I hold anything she has to say about you with any water. She's a bit skipped in the head if she thinks she can DO anything about you and Darguni."

"After Tara..." Lydia hesitated. "After Tara, I think they're all afraid to say anything directly to me anymore."

"They?"

"Darguni's previous fucks."

"Ah."

"Hey, that reminds me... Darguni... Well, before Darguni and I became a thing, he had his dick cast molded." 

"HE WHAT?" Gingy burst into giggles. "I can't believe... OH MY GAWD!" Tears came out of her eyes and she wiped them away. "Why in the world did he do that?"

"I'm not going into that, but he gave one to Tara, and she in turn gave a copy of it to any female that expressed an interest."

Gingy fluttered her hands on either side of her face. "Oh, this is beautiful. This is rich. Tara, oh lordy what a bitch."

"That sounds like a new song." Lydia laughed. "I was going to ask if you got one, but I take it from your reaction that you had no idea. So there goes that."

"Honestly, after Tara attacked you the first time, I stopped having anything to do with her. I would have with Ember, but we've been friends since we were little, I couldn't just kick her out of my life without more cause."

"Yeah, I get that. She was your right hand hench girl."

"I'm still horribly sorry for how we... I mean I was as children." Gingy sighed and sat down. "You couldn't help how you were born. I know that now. I hope fate is kind to a wretch like me and my children are all beautiful."

"They're beautiful because you believe they are, not because of how someone else sees them." Lydia sat on the bench beside Gingy. "I've forgiven you for your past attitude, and I wish you all the joy that children can bring."

"Oh, thank you, Lydia. You're the best of all of us."

Darguni leaned against the platform and drank from his water bottle. He watched his corps of fighters with a razor sharp eye, and fantasized about tossing his wife's skirt over her head. Being second in command to the General of the Army of all of Azeroth was nothing to sneeze at, and he took his job seriously. These men and women were his father's prized picks, but Darguni could and would step in at any time to correct an error. 

The problem lay in the older recruits, the ones that had completed all training. They were bored and nothing for it. The top of the top, elite troops had nothing to shoot for at the moment. War was an inevitability, so all had to stay sharp. However, since land untamed were few and far between, they sat idle. Daily training became something to pass the time.

Darguni eyed his son and felt the pride in his chest. Already his son was training on his own, filling the time without Elunara going over his drills. Lily was enjoying beating the crap out of a level one training dummy, a fact that had Darguni chuckling. His oldest girl was also his littlest, having not reached the size of her two years younger sisters. But she what she lacked in size she made up for in might. She was a scrappy little thing and he was endlessly proud of her. 

With a nod to his father, he stopped the observation of troops and moved over to his children and his little brother Grogash. "What have we here?" He asked.

"Sir!" Dargek saluted his father. "We're training, sir."

""Sir", is it?"

Dargek hesitated and considered. "Elunara told us, that when training, we should use "sir" and go by rank, not personal asso... assoc... uhh association." He wrung his hands on his staff. "So I should call you General, not dad."

"Elunara is correct, you did well." Darguni put his hand on Dargek's shoulder. "Now that we've established that, you're sloppy on your swing, here, do it like this."

For the next hour, Darguni spent time with the trio teaching them how to hold and swing their staves, correcting when necessary. Soon the children were tired and he released them to sit on the platform. 

"Enjoy yourself?" Grogek grunted.

"Immensely. That Stephen guy is sloppy, but he takes direction well. Think he'll pan out?"

"Time will tell. He put Elunara on an edge, and that's hard to do. He could have asked her to block energy, but didn't. That shows guts and determination."

"Or severe stupidity."

"That as well."

"Think the horde will break the treaty?"

"Why? Hoping so?"

"The men grow bored and restless. What's the point of honing a knife you won't even use? Something needs to happen."

"Come in!" Elunara called absently. She sorted through the stack of small jobs on her desk, shifting which agents would answer to which commanders in the field.

"Queen Elunara has been requested in the Keep."

Jolting at the use of her title; she dropped the papers on the desk and ran past the messenger. Up in the Keep she was surprised to find Tyrande and Moira. 

"Mother?"

"Elunara, sorry we had to summon you like this." Varian sighed. "I know today is your SI:7 work, but as you can see, there's more going on."

"What's wrong?"

"The twilight cultists are back."

"Tell me everything about this... Bobby." Moira interrupted. 

"He's dead. Some years ago, the twilight cult had kidnapped a large number of women and forced them into labor as "breeders" in order to fill their ranks. I accidentally saved the baby of one of these breeders, but could not save the mother. No one knew how many or how few children this one had had, but the cultist we captured at the time called her "prolific". Her other child came back five years ago. No one knew how old he was, he never answered that question. 

We tried to interrogate him using a number of tactics, but he was just too good and well prepared for anything we could throw at him. We didn't use torture because he was waiting on that. Finally I decided to release him, and we followed him to a number of small pockets, but never his home base. Last year, he slipped the tail, coming back to Stormwind and attempting to kidnap my daughter Lulu. She killed him by accident in self defense."

"What of these pockets?" Tyrande asked. 

"Destroyed. I think that's how he figured out to slip the tail. Every time we found his hideaways, we took them over."

Moira sighed and crossed her arms. "To find a twilight cultist hiding in your ranks is innerving enough, to outright have one in custody is an exercise in futility. They're crazy, the whole lot of them."

"I know. The kid couldn't have been more than eighteen. Most thought he was sixteenish."

"Babies." Moira snorted.

"We have no idea how long some of the women were in captivity, some of the better treated ones had been there for four or five years. Many of them committed suicide right after I freed them. They couldn't handle the stress. Some died to their injuries, and others were dead on scene. No one knew where the babies had been taken. All of us believe they were raised as cultists."

"Magic?" Tyrande bit her thumbnail.

"We had Bobby tested, he was not under any form of magical control. He acted of his own free will."

"Damn." 

"We received Wildhammer reports that there has been activity in the area surrounding the Bastion of Twilight. Other reports have pocket factions sprouting up in the damnedest of places. Including that dinosaur dig out in wetlands. Supposedly they're draining the magic that's animating the bones." Moira shook her head. 

"We need to collect all reports of Twilight activity around Azeroth. Send messengers to our allies in the Horde. We need everyone." Varian smacked his fist on the table. 

"Looks like we'll be putting our soldiers to work once more." Elunara tapped her fingers on the table. "They'll be thrilled. I think this peace is starting to cause cabin fever."

"You sound a little too thrilled yourself." Moira sorted.

"Are you kidding? Do you know how much paperwork this is going to generate." Elunara rubbed the bridge of her nose. "Both for the SI and as queen." 

Later, Elunara made her way down to the training yard. She motioned both Grogek and Jordan over to her. "We have a problem in the works."

"About time." Jordan muttered. 

"Ha. No, seriously, the twilight cultists are back and gaining speed, I need to send out a series of companies to the Twilight Highlands, as well as adventurers."

"They never give up." Jordan shook his head. "I have the men to send."

"I have the leaders and some of my elite force to send as well." Grogek nodded.

"There's more to it than that. Some years ago, during the cataclysm that rocked the world, the cultists got their hands on one of the aspects. The aspect of water, Neptulon, went missing during a standard dungeon run of the Throne of Tides. There's no telling what they started doing to him when they took him. If they've managed to corrupt him, the whole planet is in trouble."

"Great, that's all we need." Jordan muttered.

"Grogek's elite force will need to talk to some of the 7th legion veterans that... No... we need to speak to Admiral Taylor."

"Isn't he dead?"

"His ghost roams the garrisons of Draenor, if he remembers anything at all from that dungeon, his information could prove invaluable."

Elunara made her way back to the Keep. Ignoring all else, she took the portal to Ashran and snagged the nearby flight master to Lunarfall. Once she landed, she called out for an invitation to garrisons for her intended target. 

"I can help you." A dwarf named Shyre interrupted. "Admiral Taylor is currently in my garrison, he's a bit off though."

"I know, thank you." Elunara jogged up to the short inscription building and found the Admiral pacing. "Sir."

"Adversity is our constant companion."

"I'm aware. Sir, I know this is asking for much, but what can you tell me about Throne of Tides."

"Throne? High King Varian sits on the Throne."

"No sir. Well, yes he does, but I'm asking about the ocean dungeon, Throne of TIDES sir."

"The tides of war can change swiftly."

Elunara suppressed the urge to roll her eyes. "Sir, I need you to tell me about Ozumat." 

"The squid?"

"Yes! Yes, the squid."

"The 7th legion was also known as squids."

"Oh, for the love of..." Elunara yanked at her hair.

"I told you he was a little off." Shyre popped up. "The only thing he's been good for lately is to fill out order forms, and only half of one at a time. He's incredibly frustrating to deal with."

"This I see." 

"I was in on that kill though."

"Wait, what?"

"Saw the squid yank out Neptulon. The whole place was a mess. We cleansed it good, but away he went."

"Do you have any leads?"

Shyre shook her head. "Not a one. First he was there, then he wasn't, and no one saw where he went. I should tell you, down in Vash'jir, the whole place was a mess. The Twilight corrupted old gods from the inside out; they tore it up nice and nasty."

"Yeah, well, the twilight are back."

"Oh goody, does that mean they'll be handing out quests again?" 

"Yes."

"Sign me up."

Back home, Elunara considered her options. What she really wanted at the moment was her husbands. Seeing Draenor again had made her incredibly horny. To see them standing on the sidelines together, deep in discussion, she practically wet herself with excitement. Knowing what they were doing didn't deter her from her desired task. 

She slipped in between the pair. "Take me, damn it."

"Excuse me?" Jordan blinked at her. 

She grabbed the front of his uniform and assaulted his mouth. "Now. I'm so fucking horny and I'm not entirely sure why, nor do I care."

Grogek ran his hands down her sides. "Shouldn't we deal with the assignment first?"

She yanked his fang to her face and repeated the action with Grogek. "They have yet to attack; one more hour won't kill us."

"Only an hour? You must be in for a quickie." Jordan slipped a hand down the front of her pants. "Damn, you ARE horny."

"Fuck me my husbands, before I give it up and go for some other satisfaction."

The three of them practically ran back to the house. Before anyone could blink, Elunara had stripped down. She threw herself at Grogek and yanked his mouth down to hers as she yanked at his gear. In her expert hands he was down to shirt and pants in a moment. Releasing him, she yanked his shirt up and off. He shoved down his pants and pulled her forward.

Jordan worked on his own gear and clothes, tossing them to the side. Went the three of them were naked, Jordan slipped up behind Elunara and rubbed his erection against her ass. 

"Take me, damn it." She muttered.

"At once." Jordan shifted himself forward and slipped into her soaking wet front, before pulling out and sliding his lubed dick up into her ass. 

When she leaned back against Jordan, Grogek pushed himself up into her front. Together they worked in perfect rhythm in and out they pumped their dicks into her tight body. Grogek captured her mouth with his own. Jordan worked his mouth on her neck and shoulder, finding that spot in her neck that drove her mad. When she clamped down on the both of them, they released with her.

A gasp had all three looking up. 

"OhmygodI'msosorry." Tina blurted at once. Standing beside her, with eyes the size of saucers, Lisa stood, mouth open.

"TINA!" Elunara sighed. "Use the damned door signs next time."

"How does that even work?" Lisa leaned over the banister. Without warning, the banister snapped and Lisa fell forward. Grogek shoved Elunara and Jordan backward in the same motion and plucked Lisa out of the air. 

"Well, this is a new level of awkward." Elunara sighed.

"Ow, my dick." Jordan muttered. 

"Sorry, Sugar." Elunara stood up. 

Lisa stared at Grogek and turned several shades of red. "You're HUGE!" She gasped. 

"That I am." He sat her down. 

"That's not what I..." Her eyes trailed down and her voice locked in her throat. 

"TINA!" Elunara commanded. "Get your girlfriend OUT of here."

"Gods, I said I was sorry." Tina muttered. 

"We have a system for a reason." 

"Well, I'm moving out anyway." Tina crossed her arms. "We were here getting my stuff when Lisa wanted a drink. It was all an accident. Besides, that railing was obviously dangerous."

"Twenty years of use may have weakened the structure." Jordan yanked his pants on. 

"Use?" Lisa squeaked. Her face was bright red and she scooted back. 

"It gets wild in here." Elunara crossed her arms. "Does your momma know you're moving out?"

"Yes. I told her this morning." Tina sighed. "It's not as if I'm helpful around here. In fact I feel like I'm just a burden to everyone."

"Tina, for most of your life, you've been a royal pain in the neck. But you're not a burden, you're just misguided. If you listened and followed directions more often you'd be in less trouble. For instance, had you put up the signs, your girlfriend here wouldn't be staring at us in the nude."

"Do they all look like that?" Lisa mumbled.

"Your incredibly curious girlfriend." Elunara laughed. "None quite so big, little darlin'. Only two dicks in the world that big, I assure you."