 Tulani sung softly as she tucked little Sinea into her bassinet in the studio. Satisfied the child was asleep, she moved back to her sewing. Having to cut back on her work had put her behind, but she didn't mind in the slightest. All she cared for was her daughter's happiness. Her child, her precious miracle. Nothing Tulani could ever do would make up for that. She had opted to give birth naturally, much to the confusion of Elunara, and she had loved every painful minute of pushing her beautiful gift into the world. 

At nineteen she had been taken, her body destroyed, her only chance at a child removed so she could be a toy for the brutal master who bought her. At twenty she had been saved by the one woman who understood her pain and freed her like a dove. Twenty two she had been declared a wife of the same crazy night elf. By time she was twenty five, she had already established her skill in sewing in design and by time she was thirty, everyone wanted to own a "Tulani". 

Just as Elunara had taken the moniker "The Whore" to rewrite the word, Tulani had taken ownership of herself and her body. To own a Tulani meant a gown of exceptional worth. No one would "own" Tulani again. Her name was her legacy, and now, at forty six, she could pick and choose who she wanted to "own" a piece of that legacy.

The door opened and her next customer walked in. Carla was a sweet and shy girl, just a few years older than Tulani had been when her world and body were ripped apart. 

"Sorry I'm late."

"That's fine, dear. I was just getting Sinea down for her nap."

Carla lowered her voice to a whisper. "I'm sorry."

"Don't worry about it. Once she's out, she's difficult to wake." Tulani waved a hand. "How did the appointment go?"

"Oh, that father of mine!" She stomped a foot and cringed. "Sorry." Carla blushed. "I love Daddy, but he's terribly convinced that if I don't marry soon, I'm going to die an old spinster." She began to undress, carefully laying her clothes to the side and stepping up on to the stool Tulani used.

"Men, always trying to guess women. So tell me about the latest boy." Tulani helped Carla into the baseline dress that Tulani planned to alter into an evening gown. 

"His name is Mitch and his favorite word is apparently "nonsense". I don't think he knows the meaning of the word."

Tulani giggled. "Oh dear, I know that boy. Lulu has dealt with him plenty in the past."

"Wait, isn't she the one that doused him in wine?"

"The same."

"He says the whole incident was nonsense, that she just misunderstood his intentions." 

"Is that so?" Tulani pinned fabric in place. "I think that's..." She paused for effect. "Nonsense." 

Carla giggled. "Indeed." Then she sighed. "Oh, I wish daddy would stop this match making nonsense. He's no good at it."

"Perhaps Elunara will help you instead. If that's what you wish, I mean. Elunara has arranged hundreds of couples, many of whom are still married to this day."

"What if I don't want a man?"

Tulani smiled up. "Then ask her for some eligible women. I'm certain she knows a few."

"That would be nice, I guess. My father would have a heart attack I think." 

"It's not his life, now is it?" 

"I guess. Though, I already..." Carla turned red and giggled.

"Already what, darling?" Tulani made some notations on her board.

"I have a crush on someone."

"Oh?"

"But she'd never have me." 

"You don't know that."

"She's married."

"Ouch. Alright I see your issue." Tulani pinned more fabric and made some extra notations. "That would make my heart hurt too." 

"I wish I could tell her. I mean... I tell her just about everything anyway, but to confess such a thing..." 

"You poor dear." Tulani stood up and wrapped her arms around Carla. "Don't worry, you'll think of something."

Carla shivered. "It would be nice." 

"Are you cold, dear? I have a nice shawl for you to wear."

"It is sort of chilly in here."

"Hold on." Tulani walked over to the other side of the studio and pulled out a shawl and draped it across Carla's shoulders. "There you are. This dress will be gorgeous for the spring ball, but means nothing in this frosty weather we're still having."

"You're always so sweet." Carla smiled. "What are those?" 

Tulani tugged a curtain back and smiled. "These are my special designs; meant for the woman who wants the most out of her sex life."

"Oh, wow." Carla stepped off of the stool and walked forward. "They're all so... tiny and beautiful."

"Want to try something on?" Tulani winked. "They feel amazing. I'm wearing a set right now."

"Y-you are?" Carla blushed deeply. 

"Oh, yes. In fact, you should try something on. A sexy set of these will give you confidence in anything you'd hope to do." 

"A-alright."

Tulani helped Carla out of her dress and sat it to the side. Using previous measurements, Tulani snagged a few pieces off of her racks and handed them to Carla. "Unlike your standard panties, these are lacy and made out of the thinnest and lightest of materials. They truly breathe."

Carla wiggled her way into the soft pink panties. "Oh, wow." She wiggled her butt. "I like these."

"Now, I use your exact measurements to craft a bra like no other, but here's a standard size to try on." She helped Carla into the bra ad snapped the back closed. "Like that?"

"Oh, I love it." She shivered. "They make me so sensitive."

"I have a variety of types and fabrics. Come; let's make you up a treasure trove. I'm sure your father would pay anything to see you have more confidence in yourself."

"I do feel like I could take on anything in these."

"Good girl. You should see the array of color choices in just the style you're wearing."

"Oh my."

They spent the next couple of hours trying on different styles and colors of Tulani's secret line of lingerie and under garments.

"There's just so many!" Carla gasped. 

"Here, I'll make you up a care package of some of your favorites. They might be a tad pricey, but they take an awful lot to make."

"I've never felt so comfortable. This one takes all the weight off of my back." Carla hugged herself. "Thank you."

"You're welcome, my dear."

"Too bad no one but me will ever see them." She sighed.

"Perhaps you're just not looking in the right places."

"Oh, but I know I love her, if only she wasn't married."

"You poor thing. Well, you should speak with Elunara anyway, she might be able to arrange a meeting with someone more... available and to your liking."

"I doubt it. I've been in love with her for ages now." Carla looked down at herself.

"Must be some woman, to capture you this way."

Carla looked up at Tulani. "The sweetest and most beautiful woman I have ever met. She's kind and soft spoken, and all I can think about is how much I want her to kiss me. To hold me the way she does her own wife."

Tulani hesitated. "You can't mean...?"

"Yes." It was a breathless admission, filled with meaning. "With all of my heart."

"Carla, this can't..."

Carla wrapped her arms around Tulani's neck and pulled her down into her embrace. Before she could think better of the situation, she had her lips pressed against Tulani's. Even as Carla pressed into the kiss, Tulani had frozen solid. 

Gently, she unwrapped Carla's arms from her neck and pushed the girl away. "Sweetheart, I can't."

"I... I'm sorry." Tears streamed down Carla's face and she stumbled backwards. Blindly she reached for the door. 

"Don't." Tulani reached out. "Don't leave like that."

"Like..." Carla stepped forward. "Like what?" She breathed.

Tulani gestured down Carla's body. "Like that."

Carla looked down at her body, at the tiny panties and lacy bra. She snatched her dress from the bench and yanked it over her head, before turning and bolting out of the door.

"Oh dear." Tulani dropped hard into her chair.

After sitting down for a few minutes to get her head on right, she turned her attention to the rest of the room, returning clothes and lingerie to their appropriate places. The work steadied her shaky hands and she filled in the order form for Carla's latest purchases. When she was satisfied with the state of things, she scooped the sleeping baby out of the bassinet and into a body sling.

Elunara sat in her SI:7 office dividing up work when Tulani walked in dazed. She jumped up and was at her wife's side in an instant. "What's wrong Sweetness?"

"One of my clients thinks she's in love with me."

"Oh no."

"We were standing there discussing my private collection, when she kissed me."

"Oof, tough." Elunara led Tulani to a chair. 

"I didn't know what to do. Her name is Carla and she's been getting dresses from me since she was ten. I still see her as a little girl swishing her skirts around." 

"It's hard to see kids you knew growing up, coming to your door as adults asking for a treatment. I know that much."

"Do they do this often?"

"Practically daily."

"How do you handle it?" 

"Remember that they are adults. Twenty, or forty, just because I've known them practically their whole existence, doesn't mean I can't play with my toys. I know their ages, and that's the important part."

"She said she was in love with me. This isn't your usual flings." 

"I understand." Elunara pulled out a water bottle and handed it to Tulani. "Drink."

Tulani chugged the water. "What should I do?"

"What does your heart tell you to do?"

"What would you do?"

"Fuck her and be done. But I'm not you." 

"No, you're not and I love you for that. But, this is not your usual situation. She may be twenty four, but she's still a child to me." Tulani wrung her hands on the bottle. "I don't want her to be hurt. I just don't know what to do with her." 

"Start with; do you have any feelings towards her?"

"She... well, she's somewhere between my daughter and my friend."

"No sexual energy?"

"Not a bit."

"Tensions?"

"She's sweet and shy, and just... well, she's adorable really. Her father is convinced that she should be married off, but I don't agree."

"One of those." Elunara leaned back against her desk and scooped up her own glass of water. "I hate those. Always meddling, never seeing the truth of their children."

"It's harmless. Carla goes to all the arranged dates, then comes to me to... Oh no. no, I should have seen it sooner."

"It's been going on longer than you realized?"

"Years." Tulani sighed. "That poor girl."

"Woman now."

"Yes, yes I know." Tulani sighed and took a delicate sip of water. "I know what I must do. Can you take Sinea for me?"

"Of course. I set up a bassinet in here should you ever decide to bring her on by."

"Forgive me for not trusting you sooner."

"Trust?" Elunara blinked. "You didn't trust me?"

"It's not that, it's never that. I mean... well I haven't wanted Sinea out of my sight. But now I must."

"We can discuss this later." Elunara sighed and took the sling from Tulani. "You have bigger issues to deal with."

"Forgive me."

"Already have, my Sweetness." 

Tulani made her way home and snatched up several items, tucking them into a small box. Ignoring calls and waves, she headed to Carla's home. 

After she knocked on the door, Carla's father answered. "Tulani how good to see you. Carla came home in quite a state. I just don't know what to do with her."

"Forgive me sir; I may have insulted her by accident."

"I'm certain it couldn't have been you, my dear. You're her favorite person in the world."

"Am I now?" Tulani sighed and shifted the box under her arm. "I've made a terrible mistake, but I came to fix it."

"Come in, come in. Don't stand outside in the chilled air. Is that Carla's new dress? That would cheer her immensely." 

"Sir, let me take this up to her."

"Of course. Of course. I don't think it's you she's upset with at though. I believe she's tired of my meddling. She was annoyed with that boy I invited over. Mitch is such a sensible boy, but ignorant to the ways of women. I was there when Lulu doused him. I think he just has no idea how to speak to them."

"Forgive me, sir. But I really should-"

"Do I need to settle Carla's account? Perhaps that's what's wrong."

"No sir, your credit is still good with me. I really should-"

"Daddy? Who is here, it sounds like..." Carla froze at the top of the stairs.

"Carla, sweetie, we need to talk."

"This sounds serious, should I-?"

"Daddy, it's ok. Tulani can come to my room."

"Alright dear, just call me if you need me."

"Of course." Carla went back up the stairs, her hand lightly skimming the banister. "I didn't know you'd come."

Tulani followed behind her. "Sweetheart..."

"Don't... please don't." Once in her room, Carla sat at her vanity, her back to Tulani. "I understand if you're here to tell me to stay away from your shop."

"On the contrary, sweetheart. I came because I was worried about you."

Fresh tears rolled down Carla's cheeks. "I love you, I know I do."

Tulani set the box to the side and knelt in front of Carla. "Sweetheart, look at me. Please?"

Carla shook her head and sent her blonde curls bouncing. "I can't." She choked. "I just can't." 

"You're like the daughter I couldn't have, the friend I loved to know. You have to know that nothing can come between us. Even these feelings you have. You're my friend."

"But I don't want to be just your friend; I want you to love me back."

"I do love you, but not like I love my wife."

"She doesn't love you. Not like I do."

"Elunara loves me with her very being. She may not look like it on the surface, but that's what everyone sees."

"Three men. She's married to three men and from what you told me, she never gave you the wedding you deserve. Haven't you once wondered why?"

"Oh, Carla. Don't do this to yourself, or to me. Elunara loves me and she lets me know every day in her own ways. She does the best she can for all of us."

"If she really loved you, she wouldn't be like that."

"If she wasn't like that, she wouldn't be the woman I fell in love with. You need to understand this, Sweetheart. You're killing me and insulting me every time you insult the woman I love and married. We are married. We just don't do things traditionally in my family." 

"But I'd be the only one to love you and just you."

"Oh, Carla."Tulani sighed and reached for the box. "I brought these as a gift to you, to show you that I still care about you. I do love you, but not like my wife. I can't love anyone but her in that way. I hope you come back to my shop. But at the moment, you're just confused and upset. I'm not like my wife or Grogek. I only have room in my heart for her and our baby."

"Tulani... Please give me a chance."

"I just can't." Tulani stood up and sighed. "Take my gifts, take the piece of my heart that calls you friend and know that I care deeply about you, but I can't be who you want me to be." 

"But..."

"No." Tulani turned for the door. "You're young yet, and this is probably your first true rejection. I'm sorry for that. As my daughter, I could love you. As my mistress, I could not. Forgive me." She walked out of the door.

Carla laid her head on her vanity and wept.