 The following day, Elunara sat at her desk in the SI:7 office. She was flipping through the report making minor notations as her operative stood there fidgeting. Eyeing the normally confident operative, she considered the report. "Everything seems to be in order, what is the matter with you?"

"It's not the report, ma'am."

"Your next mission..."

"Not that either."

"Spill it, Janet. I don't like hiding."

"I'm not hiding. I just don't know how to ask..."

"By opening your mouth and speaking the words. I am not a mind reader. "

"Well..." She fiddled with her fingers for a moment before straightening her shoulders. "Ma'am, I would like to request a change to my rank and mission grade."

"Is that so? And why should I grant you a promotion now? What do you have to offer the service that I don't already have?"

"Ma'am, I want to do your kind of mission."

Elunara hid her surprise through years of training. "Why?"

"I've studied your methods in the library, and I've read everything you have written. I think I'm similar to you, at least... in certain ways. I don't believe my emotions to be dead, or locked like yours was, but I do believe I am capable of putting them aside for the good of the mission."

"Interesting claim." Her eyebrow went up. "What is the most you've had in a single day?"

"Three. I tried for four, but they weren't interested. It is slightly difficult to find willing candidates when they have appointments. However, if I was given the chance, I'd gladly take on more. Some of the incidents in your reports are so... so... delicious." Janet licked her lips.

Elunara cocked an eyebrow. "Well, then you would have to be tested, see if you can hold up."

"I've even thought of a codename."

"Oh?"

"The Slut."

Elunara chuckled. "You're treading on dangerous waters."

"Isn't that the point of being an agent?"

Within the week, Elunara had everything set up. "Here's how this works," She strolled over to Janet. "I am the master here, and you are my little captive." Synching the ropes tight, Elunara bound Janet's hands behind her back. "You will be tied up and subjected to my every whim. The men I have selected for you are used to my crazy schemes and follow my directions to the letter. You will have no idea what I plan for you, and my men are not allowed to break character. You've read my methods, so I don't have to explain myself, nor do I really intend to. We'll make this as authentic as possible, and you have to prove yourself. 

If you can't handle it before I'm finished with you, your safe word is taco salad. You know why it's weird, don't bother asking." She ran a finger under the woman's chin. "For the next however long I decide, you are my toy, and the entertainment of my men. Are we understood?"

"Yes, mistress."

"Good girl. Do us a favor and show me some fear, you're entirely too comfortable."

"P-p-please." Janet worked up the tears. "Don't hurt me."

"Workable. I'll show you better body language later. The ability to summon tears at a whim is a handy skill to cultivate if you continue in my line of work." She wiped one of the tears away. "Not everyone can pull that off. Now, for your initiation, I've decided to more than double your current experience. Seven of my favorite men are waiting in the room to have at you. Last chance to back out."

"Mistress, I'm so eager right now, I find it difficult to not wet myself. Please, show me your worst."

Elunara's grin was feral. "So we begin."

A door opened and one by one, the men stepped out, completely naked, as they took their place along the wall. Each one had a numbered armband, and the first one stepped forward as Elunara gave the signal. He walked over to Janet and shoved her backwards on to the bed. She landed with a little bounce. Pulling her legs against his chest, he slipped inside of her center, groaning as he thrust forward and deep. In and out he dumped his dick, before pulling out and shoving her over. When she was on her belly, he began to push himself into her ass as she gasped. 

A second man stepped forward and went to the other side of the bed. Grabbing Janet by the hair, he waited until she opened her mouth for him, before slipping into her mouth. Together the men began to move in and out, one holding on to her hips, and two holding on to her hair. They found the same rhythm they fucked Elunara with, ignoring the others around them. The first came in the tight space of her ass and pulled out, before stepping back as the second finished in her mouth. She began to cough.

"That's right." Elunara leaned over. "Don't take him down, spit it all out."

The third man followed Elunara's direction and stepped over, pulling Janet up to standing. He grabbed her hips and lifted her up, sliding her neatly on to his waiting dick. A fourth slipped behind her. Janet gasped as he pressed himself in her ass. They bounced her up and down, rubbing against each other against the walls. When they released at the same time, they pulled free of her body. 

"Now untie yourself." Elunara instructed. "If you're an agent of any worth, these bindings mean nothing to you."

"Yes, mistress." Janet fiddled with the ropes. 

The next man stood in front of her. 

"Now, this time, I want you to pleasure him. Show me how you do it. I will instruct you if I don't like what you're doing."

"Yes, Mistress. I won't fail you."

"Good girl." 

Janet stooped down in front of the man and began to run her hand up and down his dick. Sticking her tongue out, she licked him up and down, before slipping her mouth over. Sucking on the tip, she continued to run her hand up and down. Her other hand came up and juggled his balls. He groaned and brushed her hair away from her face. Suddenly, he grabbed her hair and pushed her further down. When she wasn't paying attention, another man grabbed her hips and lifted them. Once she was on her knees, he slipped into her waiting wetness. At once he began to thrust in and out, shoving her off and on the other man's dick.

Abruptly, he pulled out and finished across her back. While she continued to suck the other, the final man stepped around and pressed himself into her ass. Janet nearly choked when she tried to gasp around his dick. Enjoying herself, Janet was determined to show Elunara her skills. Even as the man in her mouth began to twitch, she worked him. 

When the man pulled away, still twitching and throbbing, Elunara stepped up. Strapped to her waist was leather straps and one of her metal dicks. She brushed her fingers across Janet's cheek. "Now it's my turn. You've had seven, take my eighth. Stand."

Janet stood up. "As you command."

"Turn around."

Janet turned and faced the bed, before Elunara shoved her forward. Slipping the dick into Janet's center, she began to stroke in and out. She grabbed a handful of Janet's hair and tugged her head back. "Take what I give you."

"Always, Mistress." Janet gasped. 

"I want to hear you."

"Give it to me!" She gasped. "Please!"

"Good girl." Elunara increased her pace. She noticed a couple of the men began to stroke themselves again, but she ignored the slip in protocol. When Janet began to twitch and fell forward, Elunara released her and backed away.

"Congratulations, you have passed my test." Elunara nodded and wiped down her tools, dismissing her men. "As a reward, you get your coveted title, and I will grant you the benefit of one of my summonable weapons."

Janet's eyes grew wide. "You mean it?" She coughed and straightened up. "I am incredibly honored."

"You seek to go into missions that will strip you of your resources, often your clothes, and most importantly, a way to defend yourself. I will send you into the field fully prepared. It has been a long time since we had someone capable of what I do, and I won't see my newest protégé die on her first mission. I've already started the process of commissioning a dagger for you. The box will be ordered and hidden well enough that no one can find it. Now get dressed, you have a week to recover, and then you will be sent out on your first mission as the Slut."

"I will do you proud."

"Get dressed and go home. You're dismissed."

--

Some nights later, Elunara gasped awake and sat up in bed. Tears streamed down her face as she held her head. 

Varian was awake and up at her side in an instant. "My love, what is the matter?"

"I just had the most horrific dream. You... you... Oh, Gods!" She wrapped her arms around him and shuddered as she sobbed. "You died and I wasn't there to save you."

"My love, it's alright. I'm here, I'm alive... you've saved me once, you can do it again. Besides, I'm harder to bring down than that."

"No. This was different, you sacrificed yourself to save the Alliance, you gave them time to escape. I... I wasn't even there." She wiped her nose. "I never dream." She murmured. "Is this a prophecy? ELUNE!" She screamed. 

Pulled into the blackness of that space, Elunara stared at the pretty night elf incarnation of the deity. "I'm sorry, little sister, you were never meant to see that."

"What do you mean? Is this to come to pass?"

"No. This is what should have been." 

"What?" 

"You see, back when I saved your life, when I pushed you back into your body and the Naaru healed your wound, the timelines were split once again. You were supposed to die by the blade, and your death caused a divergence of worlds. One where you die, and one where you live. Your life changed the future, and as such, what was supposed to be. Grogek never came to Stormwind, and he never trained the troops beyond what was needed in Draenor. Varian was not confident enough to just send his people into the great war of the Legion, and he and the other leaders of the factions went to oversee the destruction of the Legion themselves, but something went terribly wrong, and the world you saw in your dream is the world that occurred. Your precious Varian dies, and Anduin is forced to become king."

"What of my family? What happened to them?"

Elune shook her head and sighed. "They continued on, broken and shattered. Your Tulani took her own life. She was not yet strong enough and could not handle a world without you."

Once again, tears began to stream down Elunara's face. "No..."

"Your little Bradly lived in fear the rest of his life, always fearful of the world around him, unprotected, he never found his strength without you. Darguni did the best he could, but without your guidance in his life, he became father to a number of illegitimate children, and your husbands... they broke, Jordan couldn't find it in him to continue training and took to drinking, while Grogek was never as strong with his recruits as he once was. The world indeed went grey without you."

Elunara crumpled to the ground. "It's all so horrible."

"Without you, Varian never learned to love again, and gave himself to save his Alliance, and the past as you saw in your dream is how it happened."

"Why show me this?"

"I did not show you this. I don't really know how. I think your world and that world are trying to converge again. Something may happen that happened in that other world. This peace between the Alliance and Horde never happened. Anduin and the other faction leaders believed that the Horde were directly responsible for King Varian's death, and a war broke out. That same war may happen to your world, but I do not know. This is yet to be seen."

"What should I do?"

Elune shook her head. "I don't know the answer to that either." She sighed. "But what I can tell you to do, is to love your family, to live as you always have, to be in the moment and take things as they come. There will be a time and place in which you experience war first hand again, but now is not that time. Do what you do best, little sister. Be you, the you that you are right now."

Elunara blinked at the bedroom. Turning the Varian, she buried her face into his shoulder. "I need you. I need you so desperately."

"What's going on?"

"I'll explain... I'll explain later. Right now, just make love to me. Let me know that you are here, and alive in my arms."

"Of course."