 Elunara opened the door and blinked at her daughter. "Lulu, you never have to knock if the signs aren't up."

"Sorry, Momma. It's just... since we moved out, I assumed..."

"Never assume you're not welcome back any time you want." Elunara wrapped her arms around Lulu. "This is always your home."

"Thank you, Momma."

"So, what brings you my way this morning?" She stepped back and let Lulu walk into the house.

"Well, I was hoping you'd help me out a little." Lulu fidgeted and twiddled her fingers together.

Elunara laughed and brushed a lock of hair out of Lulu's face. "My darling, you know you never have to be nervous around me."

"Well, it's just... I know you're the expert and all, and I wanted some advice. I love Nara, and things are fun and interesting with him, but..." She sighed. "Well, I've read so many of your books, and I was hoping it would be more fun, but sometimes he doesn't..." Lulu trailed off and stared past her mother.

"Perform? Attend to your needs? I'm not a mind reader, sweetheart."

"It's awkward!" Lulu blushed. "I know I was raised to be vocal and always voice my concerns and direct what I want, but sometimes it's hard to do. I mean, he wasn't raised with us, he was raised how we were. So, sometimes I don't know how to get across what I want. Especially when we're in the middle of things, I don't want to stop and say, "a little to the left" or whatever."

"Alright, alright. I get the picture. Let's start off with some visual aids." Elunara went to her library and grabbed a book off the shelf. "I have this tame little beginner guide you can use, it's fully illustrated, and you can use it to point and say, "I want to try this."." She handed the book over. 

Lulu flipped through. "I've looked at this book before."

"Take it, it'll help. Also, when you're in the heat of the moment, you don't have to stop completely to redirect, you just have to be sexy about it. Breathy admissions, little re-wording, and you can make it sound just SO sexy if he'd do this or that." Elunara lowered her voice and gasped, "Oh Nara, I love the feel of that, maybe, just a little more this way." 

Lulu giggled. "I guess I can do that."

"You better. My daughter deserves the best he can give." With a little wink, Elunara bent over and dug through her drawer. "I know I gave you one of these before, but take this one, and when you want to get Nara to try something new, you can use yours for demonstration purposes."

"Alright. I haven't really needed the one you gave me since we got together."

"Sometimes a girl just wants to have fun." She winked again. "I also worked with an Alchemist who produced this interesting little lube I've devised. It's wonderful for ass play."

Lulu blushed deeply. "We haven't tried that yet."

"Do you want a kit? I started to give you one as a wedding present, but I didn't want to embarrass you in front of everyone."

"Yes, please. I want to experience everything my body can give me." Giggling, Lulu flipped through the book again. "I don't see any tips in here, though."

"I have a special book for the kit, it shows you everything you need to know. I have to update it to include my new lube." Elunara snatched her board and scribbled a note. "I can sell them together."

"Oh no, you got started again." She giggled.

"Hold on, let me get you a kit, and the pot of lube. I have to ask though, are you taking Ina's stuff?"

"Oh, yes. Nara and I want to wait as long as possible before having children. We're still building our lives right now."

"Good girl." 

Giggling the whole way home, Lulu sat down and began to scan through the book. Deciding she liked one of the diagrams, she began to study it.

Back at Elunara's house, Elunara was surprised to find Nara standing on her porch. 

"Hello, Aunt Elunara." He fidgeted, fiddling with the broach on his uniform.

"I think mother in law is a step up from aunt." She winked. "What's up newest son of mine?"

"Can I come in?"

"Of course." She stepped back and smothered the giggle. His face was bright red, and she already had an idea of where this was going to go.

"So... Umm... Aunt... err..."

"Just call me Elunara, my lovely. You've always been mine, so let's move on. You seem to have something interesting in mind."

"Ah, well, this is a little awkward for me. I mean, I should probably ask my dad..." He rubbed his hand on the back of his neck, still worrying the broach between the fingers of his other hand. "But you are the expert, and it just seems so much more awkward to ask him..."

"You know the rule, Nara. My house is a safe house and you can ask me anything."

"Teach me how to pleasure my wife!" He blurted. 

Elunara grinned and Nara flushed deeper. "Maybe you should speak to your wife about that."

"But... You're the expert... and I just thought..."

"Actually, it's a beautiful thought. But Lulu was just here asking for some pointers, and I sent her on the way with a book and some tools. Work through the book together and come back to me when you're really for the wild stuff." She winked.

"Wild stuff?" His eyes went wild.

"While I don't think you'll have threesomes and orgies... I do believe I only gave you the tamest of my lot." She put her hands on his shoulders before brushing a lock of hair out of his face. "The most important thing you can do for your little wife is listen to her. When she tells you what she wants, listen to her and follow her directions. You've been using your hand and humping your pillow for far too long. It's time to be with an actual person. A person who has needs and wants the same as you. When it's pleasurable for her, it'll be pleasurable for you."

"I understand." He nodded.

"Good. Now, go ravish your wife."

"Yes, ma'am."

Nara practically ran home; his mind racing with curiosity. What could Elunara have put in her book? What was Lulu interested in? He was already hard by time he reached his own door, and the distance between houses wasn't all that far. Opening the door, he blinked at Lulu sitting cross legged at the kitchen table, wearing a purple lacy thing, that barely covered her breasts. 

He closed the door behind him and cocked an eyebrow. "Really now?"

Slowly, she uncrossed her legs to reveal a slit in the fabric, exposing her center. She stood up and the fabric of the top brushed the top of her equally lacy panties. "Hello, my love." She sauntered over to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. "It's so good to see you."

Nara ran his hands down her sides before moving backwards and cupping her ass. "Mmm, Tulani's a mad genius. But, I have a feeling you had something more in mind than showing me one of her wonderful inventions."

"Oh, Nara." She stood on her toes and brushed her lips against his. "We have so much to learn. Come, I want to show you something." Taking his hand, she tugged him back to the bed. 

"Wait, let me get off my armor."

"No." Her hair bounced as she shook her head. "Let me." Lulu smiled and tugged his first glove off, setting it to the side. He held up his other hand and she tugged the next one off. Nara brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek and brushed her hair away. Next, she reached up and unlatched his shoulder plates, taking them and sitting them with the gloves. 

Then came the breastplate. It was heavier than she expected, and she stumbled backwards. He grabbed her before she could fall. "Let me handle that." He chuckled, sitting the pieces to the side. 

Up and over, she pulled his shirt, before running her hand on his chest. He grinned at her and ran his hands on her arms. With a grin, she pushed him back on the bed. "I'm not done undressing you yet." She knelt and tugged his heavy boots off, dropping them in the floor. Reaching up, she grabbed the edge of his pants and tugged them down. Licking her lips as his dick came free of its confines, she winked. "Not yet." The pants came off and she ran her hands over his knees. 

"Lulu..."

Wiggling closer, she softly ran her hands over the hard muscles of his legs. Bending forward, she ran her tongue up the inside of his leg. He groaned and leaned his head backwards. With her fingers, she teased the inside of his thigh, before moving her hand up and running her fingers under his balls. Nara gasped and ran his fingers through her hair. A few more licks to the inside of his thighs and Lulu straightened up and kissed the tip of his erection.

"Lulu, you're killing me."

"Good." She sucked on the tip of his dick, before pulling back again. Still running one hand on the inside of his thigh and the other under his balls, she licked the underside of his dick. Letting go, she stood up. 

Brushing his hand over the fabric against his belly, he reached out for her. 

"Oh no, I want to try this little idea of mine." She shoved him backwards. Turning around, she backed up against him, his dick rubbing against the soft skin of her ass. His hands came up and grabbed her hips. Looking back, she grinned at him, her legs going on either side of his. 

"Come here, you maniac." He tugged her back and helped her to slip over him, the fabric of the panties brushing their way down. 

With a gasp, she slid down on his erection. He grunted as her wet heat enclosed him. Bucking his hips, he began to slide in and out. Lulu leaned forward and bounced her hips with his. Her hand went down and cupped his balls. Remembering the diagram in the book, she tugged and caressed those points that drove him wild. He groaned and continued to pump his hips up and down. When he could stand it no more, he filled her. 

"Now that you're done..." She pulled off and turned around again. "I want my fun."

"What?"

Climbing on the bed, she straddled him again and tugged his dick up and slipped it back inside of her. Placing her hands on his chest she bounced her hips, playing with angle and intensity. Sometimes she would bounce fast, other times she would move slow. He watched her in complete fascination, hands on her hips. Once she found a spot she was happy with, she worked the angle to her satisfaction, shivering atop her beloved. Exhausted, she collapsed on top of him. 

He cuddled her in his arms and raked his hair out of his face. "What was THAT?"

"Oh, Nara. I love you so much, but sometimes I feel a little left out."

"Sweetheart! Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because I didn't know how. I know you love me and you try your best... but I just wanted something... extra."

"Anything I have is yours. Everything you give me is precious." He buried his face in her soft blonde hair. 

"Well, now I have one of momma's books, we can use some of her techniques. Though, I have to say... you taste pretty good." She giggled.

"And Elunara told me she gave you one of the tame books." Nara shivered. "It will be interesting to see what all is in there."

"I admit, I put three of them together. She has some really fascinating diagrams about something called erogenous zones."

"I'll buy whatever she's selling." He laughed. 

Lulu curled up against Nara and sighed. "We have so much to work with..."

"Yeah..." He blinked down at her. "Lulu?" She had dozed off.

Elunara's ears perked up. The footsteps on the stairwell were familiar, but she couldn't place them immediately. Ignoring her little follower for the moment, she went about her day and made her stops. The footsteps changed, but still Elunara chose to ignore them. She didn't feel like they were a threat... yet. Once she was in her office, she sat and got comfy. 

"Alright, I'll bite. Show yourself."

"Sorry, Aunt Elunara." The figure stepped out of the shadows. 

Elunara's eyebrow shot up. "Why Tyralu, what are you doing, following me around?"

"You heard me?" She winced. 

"Barely, but I am a trained operative with large ears." She tugged at one. "What have you come to me for?"

"Can I train to be a rogue?" She clasped her hands together. "I want to be just like you. I've even been practicing hiding I the shadows and stalking my targets. And one other thing..."

"Other thing?"

Tyralu approached the desk and sat a small object down on the top. She stepped back.

Both of Elunara's eyebrows shot up. She unlocked her desk and blinked at the empty slot. "You broke into my desk?" Taking the seal, she tucked it back in her drawer. 

"I'm sorry. I want to prove..."

"Well, now I'm just impressed."

"So, can I?"

"Well, you've always had a knack for hiding." Elunara grinned. "When your mother was pregnant with you and your brother, all I ever sensed from her was a boy. Not once did I even suspect she had more than one, and especially not you, little girl. I think you deserve a spot in the SI:7. In fact I'll see to your training personally."

"You mean it?" Tyralu clasped her hands together and bounced up and down.

"What does your mother say?"

"I've told her what I wanted, and she is worried, but since Grodan is in the service, she won't stop me."

"Good. I want you to report downstairs to the trainers, you need a set of daggers."

"Thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

"Alright, alright, you get one hug from me, and then I'm not your aunt, I'm your superior."

Tyralu launched herself at Elunara and wrapped her arms around her aunt's neck. "I won't fail you." She ran out of the office.

"That girl." Elunara chuckled.

¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬Alone in the dark, Katie laid her head on her desk and sighed. This was not at all going how she had imagined. Someone had finally taken notice of her one joy in life, and she couldn't even fill one page. She stopped and started and stopped and stared at the blank page. Everything she wrote was trash. Complete trash. Banging her head on the desk, she debated on going back to the farm. 

A knock on the door had her jolting up. Scrambling for the door, she cracked it open and peered through. "Oh, Madam Elunara."

"Just Elunara. I came to check on your progress."

"I... Well, I..."

"Just show me what you got."

"I..." She hesitated and fidgeted in place. "I don't have anything to show." Waiting for the hit, she cringed back.

Elunara gently laid a hand on her arm. "It's alright. I'm not mad. Come on, show me what you've been doing these past few days."

"Oh, but I don't have a single thing. I've been trying... I swear I try all day every day, but nothing sounds good, nothing comes out right. I just stare and stare, but I can't seem to write. I don't want to waste paper on my mistakes!"

"Ssshhh." Elunara wrapped her arms around the girl. "Calm down. No one is angry with you. You aren't wasting paper so long as you are using it for practice. No one starts out perfect. You have to write something, or you are wasting time and paper. It doesn't have to be perfect. Listen, you write the bones, and when you've built your skeleton, then you can add the meat and blood and skins."

"What?" Katie shook her head. "I don't understand."

"Everything has a base. Let me show you." Elunara took a sheet of paper and sat down. Quickly, she sketched a form on her paper. "This is my base, I always start off with this, then I begin to add in lines, where the eyes go, the mouth, the nose. Then I add in the little details."

Katie watched in amazement as her own face started to form under Elunara's skill.

"I'm drawing slower than I normally do, just to show you how to build. Now I add the shading. See? From a base, to a completed product, one step at a time."

"That's amazing." 

"It's all I do every day. I practiced and practiced, and even now I still look to improve. I never once thought "I'm wasting paper". I thought "I have to get this down". Start with your basics, and I'll help you add your details. You have an interesting story, but you need a beginning, a middle, and an end. Just start somewhere. How did this man meet your heroine? Why does she like him? Those kinds of things."

"I think I understand."

"How about this, write in sections, and bring what you have to me. Tippy says you barely leave this room. I think you should get out more. Experience the city. You can learn a lot by watching people, and from the sounds of it, your father didn't let you out nearly enough."

"No." Katie sighed. "I was only allowed to visit the farms he approved of, to do the chores he approved of. I was never allowed to talk to other people." She brushed her hair out of her face. "I would like to interact with more people."

"Come with me." Elunara stood up and left the room. Katie scrambled to follow. Elunara made her way through the city and to her home. Once inside she went to her library. "This is what all I have written. It started with just doodles of the men." She took out a book and passed it to Katie. 

Katie opened the book and almost dropped it. She blushed furiously. "This is... I've never seen... do they really look like that?"

Elunara's grin was feral. "Better. These are just rough drawings. This is a little more recent." She passed over another book. 

Katie slowly creaked it open and slammed it closed, the heat rushing to her face. "Oh my."

"The end result, and what I'm trying to make you understand, is that everyone has to start somewhere. You begin rough, and you fill in the details, and over time you get better. Faster, more precise. I want to know what's up with your characters. How they started, where they go. I can help you fill in the other details later."

Once again, Katie opened the book. Her mind raced with questions and could only focus on one thing. 

"Any time you want, you can come look at my books. They're not all... well, ok they are all pornography, but if you ignore the pictures, you can find out about my life. I warn you, some of it is very dark and disturbing, but most who read my work, benefit in some way."

"Al-alright." Katie swallowed the lump in her throat and closed the book. "I've never seen a man like that."

Elunara grinned. "Someday. Here, for now, you can have this." She went to her couch and pulled out one of her metal toys. "I got you one of the smaller side of human. Good little beginner."

"Beginner for what?" Katie eyed the metal dick. Finally, she reached out and took the offering. "What am I supposed to do with this?"

"How old did you say you were?"

"I'm twenty-two." She shook her head. "I'm so confused."

"Don't tell me you've never masturbated..."

"Master what?"

Elunara stared for a moment before regaining her composure. "You've never once put your fingers in your pussy?"

"My heavens! Why ever would I do that?"

Elunara chuckled. "Oh, my beautiful girl, you have so much to learn. How ever will you teach a man to pleasure you, if you've never pleasured yourself?"

Katie's eyes went wide. "It's a sex thing?"

"Honey, it's everything. Once you find out how to best enjoy your own body, you can teach a man to do it for you. The right angles, the right speeds. To find out that you've never ran those fingers through that soft curly hair, down to the slick wet folds below... teasing and taunting, working yourself into a frenzy until you clamp down, that warm heat sucking at your fingers... it's... delightful."

Katie had gone completely red, her body hot and flush. "No, never." She gasped.

"Do you want me to teach you? I'm a very good teacher."

"Well... maybe." Katie shook her head. "But I don't want my first time to be with a girl. I... I'm very straight."

"Come back to me when you decide. Meanwhile, take this book." Elunara walked back into her library and snagged a small book. "It has some tips and tricks to follow, make pleasuring yourself more enjoyable. And give that dick a try. You might find it... inspiring."