 Elunara made her way down to the training yard and was pleased to find Grogek standing on the sidelines. "Just observing today?"

"Darguni is handling the work right now. I'm watching that Stephen guy. He is sloppy but takes direction well."

"Fascinating."

"But you didn't come here for that."

"I think you know me a little too well some days."

"I see you, I know you." He shrugged.

"My newest pet project? Has never masturbated before."

To the outside observer, he made no movement, to her trained eye, his eyes widened, his lips barely parted. "No, THAT is fascinating."

"I'm loving it. I might be breaking her in too. Who knows?" She shrugged. "I have a guide that I gave her. I find it so rare to share my knowledge in that area. Most people have been at it awhile. Meanwhile... how about you assist me in my own endeavors to... find interesting spots." 

"While I'm certain we have already uncovered those spots, it's always fun to try again."

"Good man." She grabbed his hand and began to walk. Grogek nodded to Darguni and was amused to be led away by his eager wife. They made their way hand in hand down to the house. Once inside, Elunara tugged off her shirt, before turning to Grogek and undoing his armor. 

He chuckled and wrapped his hands around her waist. "Someone is very eager."

"I may be soaked more than usual." She winked. Wiggling out of her pants, she yanked his down to the floor. "You're taking entirely too long to get naked." The complaint was a tease, but she had already thought entirely too much about this.

"Upstairs or down?"

"Down." Elunara strolled over to the couch and popped her levers. Climbing on to the couch, she leaned back and got comfortable. 

"And what does my crazy little she wolf want today?"

"I want you to watch me. For now." She winked. She draped one leg over the arm of the couch and reached down. Gently, she brushed her fingers through the soft hairs, reaching for the folds below. The slick lips slid between her fingers. Grogek grinned and began to stroke himself, watching his wife run her fingers up and down through those soft hairs. With painful slowness, she pressed a finger in, sliding in and out. The other hand came down and she tugged herself open, giving him a view. In went another finger, as she held herself open. In and out, before sliding along the folds again.

Pulling out, she tugged herself wide. "Want a taste?"

"Always." He knelt in front of her and his fingers joined hers, up and down he stroked those dripping folds before his tongue joined his fingers. Running his tongue up one side, he grinned at her shivers. Pressing his finger in, he used his free hand to push her other leg on the side of the seat. With her spread out before him, he pressed a finger of that hand into her ass. 

She gasped and laid her head backwards. Her fingers stroked either side of his face. Another finger joined the first in her clamping heat, while his other hand added a second finger. In and out, he stroked her, feeling his fingers in the walls. He twisted his hand and she gasped as he stroked the top.

"Your fingers always know where to reach." She groaned.

"I know you well." He grinned. Fingers still buried in her, he increased his pace, hanging on to her as she bucked against his hands. Relentlessly, he went for that spot that gave him the most effect. "Clamp on my fingers, my love."

She shivered and gasped, as he pumped against her. Finally, she gave in to her own torment, clamping down on his fingers.

"As if I'm done with you, my vicious little she wolf." He stood up swiftly and slipped himself into her. Grabbing her legs, he pulled her tight against him, and began to rock his hips against hers, swiftly slamming his balls against her ass. She held on to the arms of her seat, shivering hard as he filled her. 

Pulling himself free, he grinned down at her. "Done yet?"

"When I can feel my spine again, I'm ready for another go." She winked. 

Early in the morning, Jerry adjusted his shoulder plates and grinned at Louis. "You're going to make me late. It's a bad example for the children."

Louis grinned back. "It was only a quickie. We get up in plenty of time."

"You get me up in plenty of time." He kissed his husband and linked fingers. "Get dressed, before I test that theory again."

Once outside, the pair linked hands, walking toward the training yard. The sound of children yelling had them looking at each other before following that sound. A ring of children surrounded a pair in the middle. Fists were flying, and a smaller child was straddling a much bigger boy. Jerry and Louis pushed to the center, the children backing up and all going quiet. The fighting pair hadn't noticed the two Generals marching towards them. Jerry grabbed the smaller boy and pulled him off. Louis sighed and pulled the bigger one up. 

"What is going on here?" Jerry demanded. 

The smaller boy sniffled but shook his head.

"Nothin'." The older boy hunched his shoulders.

"Someone better start talking, or all of you will be punished." Jerry eyed the older boy. "You're in the Junior squad. Talk now or your punishment will be harsher." 

"Sirs!" One of the boys from the ring stepped forward and saluted. "Taylor was saying bad things about Ralphie's family."

Taylor glared at the boy. "It's none of your business, snitch." 

Jerry glared down at Taylor. "That is behavior unbecoming of a future soldier. Your punishment for today will be dealt with. I suggest you take your unchanneled aggression to the training yard. If you start this kind of behavior again, I will see fit to remove you from service." He waited half a beat. "NOW, SOLDIER!"

Taylor bolted. 

"As for the rest of you..." Jerry looked around at the ring of on lookers. "If you have training, get to it. If you have other places to be, GO!"

They scattered.

Louis knelt down and brushed a lock of hair out of the small boy's face. "Tell me what he said."

"I ain't a snitch." He sniffled.

Jerry sighed and put a hand on the kid's head. "You're not in trouble. Taylor is."

"Ralphie, is it? Tell us what he said so we can make it better." Louis smiled.

Tears rolled down Ralphie's cheeks. "He said my father was a traitor who abandoned the Alliance." He wiped at his face. "It's not true! My father died in combat, he was a great fighter. The best!"

"What was his name?" 

"Marshall." Ralphie wiped his nose on his sleeve. "Marshall Gooding."

"Hmm, I don't recognize that name." Louis looked up at Jerry.

"Maybe High General Jordan knows him." Jerry shrugged

"Come on, let's take you to your mother."

"I don't have a mother." Ralphie's tiny body began to shake. "She... she died..."

"Oh, you poor thing." Louis wrapped his arms around the little boy. "Are you living with Matron Nightingale?"

He just nodded.

"How old are you?"

"Eight." 

"Hold on, ok? I want to speak with Jerry a minute. You just stand right there." Louis stood up and grabbed Jerry by the arm, dragging him a few feet away. "We can't just leave him!"

"Louis..."

"He's all alone. It's obvious the other kids were picking on him."

"Louis."

"But he's got a fighting spirit. You see what he did to Taylor. That kid is bigger than him and older than him, and he was able to hold his own in a fight..."

"LOUIS!" Jerry shook his husband lightly. "Let me speak."

"I'm sorry."

"You have to be sure about this. I know how much Bryan crushed you. I see this little boy who needs our help. Elunara would do the same, I know it. But you have to be sure."

"Jerry, I know he's young for the Juniors, since we only take 'em at eleven now, but we can train him personally. See that he gets everything he needs. I want to help him."

"Then we will." Jerry kissed Louis' forehead. 

Louis walked back to the little boy and knelt. "Hey, kiddo. We were thinking... since you lost your parents, maybe we could be your family now."

Ralphie blinked at him. "What?"

"You see, we think you're a really tough kid. You've been through a lot, but you've got a fighting spirit. Jerry and I train the children down at the training yard to be future soldiers. You're a little too young, but you can still be trained. With us, no one will pick on you anymore. And you can stay with us. We'll give you anything you need, and you won't have to live with the other kids at the orphanage. What do you say?"

"I don't know..."

"I lost my mother when I was very young, so I know the hurt you must be feeling. I want to help you. We want to help you. Please come be a part of our family." Louis held out a hand.

Ralphie sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve again. Looking back and forth between the two, he saw something he'd missed for so long. Hope. "Okay." He took Louis' hand. 

Elunara blinked at Jerry and Louis standing on her porch. "I don't see you two that often."

"We've come to let you know we've made a decision."

"Well, spit it out."

A little boy stepped out from behind Louis. "Hello, ma'am." Ralphie had heard all about the queen and knew that she didn't like to be called "majesty". He fidgeted in place, eager to make a good impression.

Her eyebrows shot up. "And who is this?"

"We've decided to try again." Louis smiled. "This is Ralphie. He's a little young to be in the Juniors, but he's a scrappy little thing, and we think we can train him personally."

"Well, if you're sure..."

"We can't let Bryan define us." Louis shook his head. 

"Good." Elunara hugged him. "I'm glad for you both." She put a hand on Ralphie's head. "Welcome to the very strange family. Since Jerry and Louis are something like my kids, that makes you something like my grandchild. You may call me Elunara. Feel free to come by when you want. Just mind the signs." She jerked a thumb at the wall by the door. 

"Yes ma'am." Tears came to his eyes again, and he wiped them on his sleeve.

"What's the matter, kiddo?" Elunara bent down and wiped a tear off his cheek.

"I never had grandparents before."

"Well, now ya do." She smiled. "Come on by, anytime."