 Lulu opened the door and blinked at Nara sitting at the table. "You're home early."

"Yeah, your dad and Bradly called for a free day, since they're spending time with your grandmother, and General Mark was cool with it. So, I decided to come home and do a little studying." He gestured to the book on the table.

"Studying?" She moved over to the table and peered down at the book.

"Well, it does seem silly to let such a fascinating guide go to waste." He wrapped an arm around her and put his hand on her ass.

Lulu blushed and giggled. "Oh, Nara. You're terrible." 

"It has such fascinating diagrams too." Slipping his fingers under the edge of her skirt, he tugged the garment down. 

"Which one are you interested in?" She peered over his shoulder. 

"The ones where I figure out how to best pleasure my wife." He shoved the skirt to the floor, his free hand going to those soft curls below. A finger slipped through and brushed the edge of those inner lips.

"Oh, Nara!" She gasped.

"I love when you say my name." He stood up and wrapped his arms around her, brushing his lips against hers. Slowly he danced her back towards the bedroom. Together they mated their mouths, moving towards the bed. He tugged her shirt off and cupped her breasts. "So soft... but I had other plans." 

Leaving her standing there, he went to the table and snagged the book. Going over to her, he pushed her back. She bounced and giggled. "I believe you did the same to me." Grinning at her, he knelt and pulled her legs toward him. Lifting her legs, he slipped them over his shoulders. He put the book on the floor and examined it. "It says here that I should learn to use my ABCs."

"Your what?" Lulu blinked at him.

"Hmm. Well, let's see." He ran his fingers though the soft hair and to the folds below. She shivered under his touch. Using his fingers, he spread those soft inner lips. With a quick glance at the diagram, he leaned forward and ran his tongue up one side and brushed his tongue against that pink nub at the top, before running back down the other side. She gasped softly and threaded her fingers through his hair. He leaned forward and gently sucked on that pink nub, his tongue slipping inside her wet lips.

"Oh, Nara..." She closed her eyes and groaned.

Looking back at the notes, he ran a finger over the page. "To find the good spots, I need to start at the bottom and work my way around." With his free hand, he slipped a finger inside of her and rubbed at the bottom of that tight space, before shifting and twisting, rubbing in small circles. 

Lulu gasped and wiggled under his attentions. He pulled his finger out and ran his tongue up one side again and wiggled his way down. Starting from the other side he twirled his tongue around the outside, before pushing his finger back inside. Soon a second finger joined the first and he rubbed the top. "How does that feel?"

"You're driving me crazy." She gasped. 

"Good." He returned his attentions to those outer folds, straight up, teasing that nub, before circling back down. His finger pumped in and out, shifting this way and that. She gasped and tugged at his hair. Her legs twitching and tightening around his shoulders. This time he ran his tongue up again, and flicked it back and forth, touching both sides as he worked his shapes.

"Your fingers!" She gasped. "To... to the right."

"Like this?" He shifted and rubbed. 

"There." She groaned. "Just there."

He rubbed that spot and grinned at her shivering. "Aww, I only made it to E."

Her eyes went wide, and she blinked at him. Finally, she burst into laughter. "You're so bad."

"And you're delicious."

"Oh, but we didn't finish you."

"Believe me, sweetheart, I soaked my pants."

Days later, Jordan stood on the edge of the yard with his mother. "I spend most of my days at the yard. While we have individual trainers that handle sections of the training, I will step in at any point and correct errors. Mark, Bradly, and I are the main controllers of the segments, with each of us following our own trainers, our own organization. We each have our own methods, but we complement each other completely. 

"I'm so proud of you, my son." Margaret wiped her eyes. "To go from thinking you dead, to you the most important man in Stormwind next to the king... It's overwhelming. I left you all alone... and you've done so much. I may not understand your family... but I'm so glad you now have such a large one. A wife... children... it's all I ever wanted for you."

"It's been crazy to have lived through all that has gone on, mother, but I wouldn't change a thing. Even for Lulu's rough start, I wouldn't give up MY child." He grinned and eyed Nara. "I hope to avoid grandchildren for a little while longer, but I don't mind having a son in law. Though I admit I fought it at first, I wanted my little girl to stay just mine, but for that son in law to be the son of my best friend and working under me..." He blinked at Nara. 

Nara had stopped and was staring down at his weapon. 

Jordan marched forward. "Hold your weapons." He called. At Nara's side he looked at the shield of the opponent and eyed the burn damage. "That was a crusader strike, boy. That's not a warrior ability, that's a paladin. I want you to head over to the chapel. Lord Grayson Shadowbreaker is there today. Have yourself tested."

"Yes, sir!" Nara saluted, before marching off.

Jordan returned to his mother's side. "Continue practice." He called. "Well now, my son in law is a paladin. I have to say... it takes a pure heart for that. Good quality to have." He winked.

Later that afternoon, Nara went home and found Lulu setting dishes on the table. "Oh good, you're home early. I got some soup and sandwiches from Tippy's."

"Sounds good." He grinned at her. "Guess what happened today?"

She eyed him a moment. "You're grinning..." She gasped. "Did you get a promotion?"

"Sort of. I used an ability in training today that I should not have been able to do, so I got sent to be tested. Sweetheart, I'm a paladin now!"

Lulu gasped and put a hand to her chest. "Your very own specialization!" She threw her arms around his neck. "I'm so proud of you!"

"Yeah! It's great. Dad said that there's a long line of paladins in our family line. He said his dad was always disappointed he was only a warrior. I haven't told him yet, I wanted you to be the first to know. I start studies tomorrow, as well as new training in the yard. I switch trainers, but your dad will still be my main boss."

"Oh, this is wonderful. Good thing I snagged some of Tippy's strawberry shortcake." She winked. 

"You always know my favorites." He brushed his lips against hers. "Had plans for today?"

"Well, we were going to eat and then I saw an interesting diagram for the shower..." She giggled. 

"Let's get to it." 

After they finished off the last of the cake, Lulu turned and wiggled her ass at Nara, before heading for the shower. She pulled off her dress and tossed it to the side.

"You know, all the men at the yard are insanely jealous of me. The showers at the barracks are pitiful compared to what your mom had installed here. Sometimes, they even have to shower in the cold... trainers say it builds character." Nara stowed away his gear and pulled his own clothes off.

"Yes, well, having momma a queen, goddess, whatever they're calling her today, is its own reward." She ran her fingers along the runes for the warm water. 

He stepped under the waters and groaned. "Oh, yeah. This is the ticket." Tugging her in with him, he gave her a wicked grin. "What does my lovely wife have planned for me today?"

Wrapping her arms around his neck, she grinned back. "You'll see..." She brushed her lips against his. 

He jolted back, before collapsing to the floor. Lulu blinked down at him. "Nara?" She stooped down and put her hand on his side. A spark shocked her hand. She jolted back and fell on her butt. "NARA!" She screamed. Pulling his head into her lap, she tried to wake him. She scrambled up and turned off the water. Yanking her dress over her wet body, she bolted from the house and ran all the way to the yard.

Elunara was standing with Jordan and Margaret, but Lulu ignored the other two. "Momma! Something's happened to Nara! Help me!"

"Lead the way." Elunara pushed Lulu towards the house. Lulu and Elunara made it to Lulu's house. "Where is he?"

"In the shower."

Elunara stooped down and ran her hand over Nara. "It's just a bad trance, sweetie." She pulled Nara out of the trance. 

He groaned and rolled over. "My head..."

Lulu started to wrap her arms around Nara but stopped short. "Did I do this?"

Elunara put a hand on the pair of them. "Yes." Lulu gasped, and tears streamed down her face. "Jordan told me that Nara has awoken as a paladin. They serve the light. You, my darling child, are born of the dark, and have been awoken for many years. You are quite powerful, even though you reject the shadow, it is a part of you. Something in you has recognized this and reacted poorly."

"No!"

"You should go back to warlock training."

"No!" Lulu shook her head and backed away.

"Lulu, sweetie... you learned initial control, but now you must progress further if you are to avoid hurting your husband." 

"I can't do it, momma! I just can't go back there..."

"You must though."

"No! I am a mage. Not a... a... warlock." She spit the last word. 

"Sweetheart..." Nara had sat up and was holding his head. He looked up at Lulu. "You know your mother would never make you do something you don't want unless it was necessary." He held out his hand.

Lulu reached out but stopped short. "I can't... I don't want to hurt you again." She jumped up and ran away. 

Elunara closed her eyes and sighed. "I did not teach my children to run away from their problems."

"Uhh... it just occurred to me that I'm naked..." Nara put his hands over his crotch.

"Believe me, child, I've seen more hard-ons than you have."

Lulu ran through the city, unaware of where she was headed. She couldn't go back to the warlocks. It was an insult to her father, a betrayal she couldn't face. She couldn't hurt her husband. Unsure of what to do, she found herself at the amphitheater. Lydia was on stage with a line of children. They were all singing, and Lydia walked back and forth. 

Lydia noticed Lulu standing there. She gestured to the children. "Good job, keep it up. I'm going to talk to my sister now." She moved off the stage and smiled at Lulu. "What brings you my way?"

Lulu burst into tears and began explaining her situation. 

"Ssshhh. Don't cry." Lydia wrapped her arms around Lulu. "There's no need for tears." 

"But, I can't go back. I can't hurt my husband. I don't know what to do!" 

"Lulu, do you remember when I was going crazy? Hurting those around me when I got angry?"

Lulu sniffled. "Yes..."

"I had quit training because I hated it so much, but the only way Elunara could think of was to force me back into it. It was horrific, but we didn't understand my powers. I know your situation is not the same, but we don't understand your powers either. Maybe you should do what momma says, at least until we can help you some other way." Lydia brushed a lock of hair out of Lulu's face. "You're a very special girl. We'll find some way to save you and your husband. Right now..."

"Lulu!" Nara jogged up. 

He reached out, but Lulu jolted back. "I don't want to hurt you."

"Oh, sweetheart. It doesn't matter." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "It was an accident."

She buried her face in his chest. "I would kill me if something happened to you." 

"I know why you don't want to go back to the warlocks, but your mother thinks it's the best way to handle your power surges... at least until I've had more paladin light training." 

"But, daddy..."

"Your father is not going to be mad at you for trying to contain your powers, Lulu." 

"Never." Lydia shook her head. "Go to him. Talk to him directly about it." 

"Come on, Lulu..." Nara took her hand and pulled her towards the training yard. "Let's find your father." 

Jordan sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. "Lulu, pumpkin, I know you think you hurt me, and I know my attitude towards warlocks doesn't help matters... but you gotta do what you gotta do. You would hurt me more if you let your powers spiral out of control."

"I won't summon a succubus." Lulu shook her head violently. "I don't care how necessary it is to learn." 

"That's fine." He hugged her to his chest. "You are not the circumstances of your birth. I want you to always know that." 

"I know, daddy. But, still. I can't do it."