 Varian paced his room. "And you're sure she is who she says she is?"

"She is definitely Jordan's mother. I tested the bond myself. It's also difficult to doubt that face. The structure and coloring are spot on. I know where he gets those genes now." Elunara shook her head.

"You know how I feel about the Defias."

"Of course." Elunara walked over to him and put her hands on his shoulders. "My love, I would never subject you to anything that might hurt you. Physically or emotionally."

"I know... I... I still miss her."

"Yes, I know." She wrapped her arms around him. "If everything is as she says, she has suffered through much. Time will tell. Right now, Jordan is thrilled the have his mother back. He's showing her everything."

"Is that advisable? A Defias spy..."

"He's not stupid." Elunara shook her head. "He's giving her no more than a tourist would find out on their own. Trust me, Sugarlove, we'll make it okay."

The woman in question was standing in Tulani's studio, staring down at the dress she had on. "It's... beautiful."

"This is one of my simpler designs. I don't do standard house clothes any more, but I want you to have something from me. I'll design your ballgown soon, but for now, this will do."

"Ballgown?" Margaret fiddled with the fabric of the dress.

"Tulani here is the most sought-after tailor in all of Azeroth. Her designs are something of a legend." Jordan chuckled. "You should see the brain altering gowns she's designed for my wife."

Tulani grinned. "Among other things."

Sinea began to fuss, so Tulani went to the bassinet and picked her up, cuddling and cooing to the infant. 

"Sinea is technically mine, I was her donor, but she belongs to Elunara and Tulani instead."

Margaret shook her head. "I don't understand."

Jordan rubbed the back of his neck. "As I said before, Tulani is Elunara's wife. They are together, and Tulani here is a female set. She doesn't see any of the males as attractive, but she wanted to have a child. I... gave myself up to the process. It was the only way."

"And I thank you every moment I hold my beautiful baby in my arms."

"Anything for you, Tuly." He grinned. "Sister of mine."

"I still find it so strange you call all of these people sister and brother. Here I feel like I left you all alone, and now you have such a huge family." 

"It's quite bizarre, even to me." He shrugged. "But, you get used to it, or you run away screaming." 

--

Katie sat on the platform beside Susan and sighed. 

"Problems, dear?" Susan dipped her brush into her paint and added another stroke to her painting. 

"It's all garbage."

"It can't all be bad." 

"I don't..." She wiped her eye. "I don't know what I'm doing. I don't want to let Elunara down."

"Sweetie, you'd disappoint her more if you didn't do anything at all. I may not know much about writing, but I have a husband who loves to read, and a sister who has written more than I could hope to read... you just have to put pen to paper and go with it. How about this... Go to the keep's library and check out a couple of books. Ask them to recommend something in the field you want to write in. Once you see how other people do it, it'll be easier for you."

"I don't have time for that! I need to be writing!"

"If you don't have time to read, you don't have time to write. How can you learn if you don't find some examples?"

"But..."

"Now, stop that. Do what I said and get those books. I'm trying to help you, do not ignore me."

Katie jumped up. "I'm sorry." She took off running. 

Susan went back to her painting. 

"What was that?"

Susan smiled down at Grogek. "Just a little friendly advice for our resident writer."

"I see. How is she coming along?"

"Too much self-doubt." Susan sighed. 

"We can't have that, now can we?"

"Self-doubt doesn't last long in this family." Susan shook her head. "Look how long it took me to feel confident in my place in this family. But once I found my place... I'm confident in everything I do."

"Like your paintings." He nodded to the canvas. "That one is coming along beautifully."

"Isn't it just? Even as a child, I was worried I'd never be good enough. But now I don't care how good they are, I care about how good they make me feel. That's just a side effect of living with you and Elunara."

"Where are you planning on hanging that one?"

"I'm not. This is a commission piece."

His eyebrows shot up. "A commission?"

"Oh, yes. Isn't that just a kick in the pants? One of the girl's friend's mothers saw my work and wanted something with red flowers. So, I had her show me an example of her favorite color and combined it with her favorite flower, and I started work. She loves it so far. I can't wait to turn it over to her."

"What are you trading?"

"She offered me seventy-five gold. I would have asked for ten, but she insisted."

"Impressive." He grinned up at her. "I'd tug you off of that platform, but your legs are tangled around your table. I will not risk your painting."

Susan scooted back and leaned over. Grogek tugged her down and kissed her soundly, before tucking her back on the platform. She giggled. "Oh, you."

"Elunara will be pleased. You know how she hates idle bodies. Making your hobby into a job is her favorite pastime."

"What am I being discussed over now?" Elunara propped her hands on her hips.

"Susan has sold one of her paintings."

"How wonderful!" Elunara went up the platform and kissed the top of Susan's head. "How perfect for you."

"Thank you." Susan grinned up at Elunara. "Where's little Emaline?"

"Harassing her father today. He wants a little daddy time. Meeting Jordan's mother brought up some bad memories for him."

Susan cocked her head to the side. "How?"

"The Defias killed his wife a long time ago."

"Oh. That poor man." Susan put a hand to her cheek. "I can see how that would drive some poor memories." 

"Jordan is aware and trying to keep his mother away from Varian at the moment. The woman was near tortured by the Defias, but her appearance is strange. Why would she be hidden the way she was? Jordan is debating on whether or not to tell her that Vanessa is still alive in Dalaran as part of the Uncrowned. Neither one of us want to tell Vanessa about the connection to Jordan."

"I wouldn't." Grogek shook his head. "That woman is not his sister."

"It's always sad to see someone weep over having a bed of her own." Elunara murmured. 

"How long will she stay with us?" Susan sighed and returned to her paints. 

"For now. I think in the long run she will be better off in a small home of her own. She's been a prisoner for so long, independence would do her good. I'll see about purchasing her one." 

"That's good of you." Susan nodded.

Elunara raked her fingers through her hair. "Right now, she's reading a book a night, trying to catch up on all the entries that involve her son. I advised her of what she'll want to skip around, but who knows if she'll read it all. Jordan talks and talks. I think he missed her more than he's let himself think of."

"You'll help them both heal." Grogek kissed her forehead. "For now, I go back to work."

"Back into the fray, Sugarbear." She grinned. "Though you should know, I'm going to spend more than a few nights with Jordan. He needs the emotional support."

"Of course." 

-- 

Katie found herself hauling more books than she intended. Perhaps she shouldn't have grabbed ALL of the librarian's suggestions. How in the world they knew she was under Elunara's charge she would never know. She tripped over something in the walk way and her books went flying. 

"Are you alright?"

Tears came to her easily, but she wasn't physically hurt. "No! I mean, yes. But I can't let anything happen to those books! I don't want to get in trouble!" With some haste, she began collecting books. 

The soldier stooped down and helped her gather books, piling them together. "Do you really need so many?" He eyed her but stopped short. She was a lovely thing, the soft lines of her face framed by the brown hair flying around her head. 

"Maybe not. I shouldn't have gotten so many at once. I don't know how I will ever manage to read them all." She reached out for the book in his hand. "Thank you for your help."

His movements were slow as he handed the book over. "What's your name?"

"Katie. Forgive me. I don't know that many people here."

"My name is Ryan. Would you like help carrying your books back?"

"Oh, would you? I can barely manage them all myself. I don't want to accidentally rip a page or mar a cover. I don't know what I would do if I get in trouble. Elunara trusted me with all of this."

"Elunara again." Ryan shook his head. "The woman is everywhere."

Katie brushed her hair out of her face and tried to straighten it. "Is something wrong with her?"

"I don't know any more. How do you know her?" He picked up most of the books. 

She grabbed the remaining stack and stood up. "She's commissioning me to write a story. I don't know why. Everywhere I go, people say "Elunara has vouched for you" and then they give me stuff for free. Paper, pencils, even food. My innkeeper is even covering my room and board. All on Elunara's word."

"Is that so?"

"I have no clue as to why she's doing this, but she is, so I can't complain." Katie started to walk, and Ryan fell in step with her.

"The books?"

"The woman known as Susan told me that writing begins with reading. The librarian mimicked this advice. So, he gave me all these books to understand what or how I should be writing. I need to do a good job. I have to repay her."

"Hmm." Ryan bit his lip. "That woman continues to surprise me."

"How do you know her?" 

"It's... complicated. And not something I want to repeat in polite company."

"Oh." Katie considered. "Is it about her work? I saw some of her books. They're... graphic." A deep blush crept across her face. 

"S-something like that." He coughed and looked away. 

"Well, whatever it is, I can't fault her or anyone for dealing with her." Katie sighed. 

"Which inn are you staying at?"

"Oh, this one." Katie gestured. "Thank you for walking my books for me." 

Ryan held open the door. "Let me get these to your room."

"Yes, of course." 

Once upstairs, he put the pile of books on her desk. Not wanting to leave her side, he stood in the doorway. "Will I see you again?"

She blinked at him for a moment. "I guess so. Are you a soldier? I've been spending time down there with the rest of Elunara's family. They're all very welcoming of my little intrusion on their world."

"Good. I'll see you there." He held out a hand.

She put her hand in his. "Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you for your help." 

Ryan tugged her hand to his lips. "No, thank you." He kissed the back of her hand.

Katie blushed. "Oh!"

He backed away but tripped on the edge of the door. "Um, sorry." He turned and fled. 

-- 

A few days later, a knock on the door had Katie jolting awake. She blinked around the room and looked down at the book she had been sleeping on top of. Another knock had her jumping up. "Sorry!" She called. Yanking open the door, she blinked at Elunara. "What are you doing here?"

"You got a little ink on your face." Elunara wiped Katie's cheek. 

"I'm sorry. I think I fell asleep on the book I was reading." She rubbed at her face. "Did you need something?"

"We haven't seen you for a few days. I was wondering how you were coming along."

"I..." Katie froze. "I am SO sorry!" She gasped. 

"Katie, I've told you before. I hate repeated apologies. I find them worthless."

"But I am. I spent so much time this week I haven't even thought of my own work. I didn't mean to. I swear it. I'll fix it. I swear."

"Calm down, little one." Elunara put her hands on Katie's shoulders. "I'm not mad about that. Reading is an important part of the writing process. I just don't want you to lose focus on your objective. You should aim to write at least an hour a day. You can read a little, learn from previous work, and then turn around and use the inspiration. However, you can't lock yourself in here for days on end. You need the human interaction." 

"I've never had access to so many books! We had about four books, and sometimes the ladies at the other farms would loan me what books they got... but I've never had such a variety. I've already read all of these." She gestured at the pile. 

"So many?" Elunara's eyebrow shot up. 

"I can't help myself. I start one and then it just keeps going. I'm reading about one a day."

Elunara picked up a book and flipped through. Snagging another she flipped through again. "I see your topic of interest..."

Katie blushed and hunched her shoulders. "I guess I'm a romantic." She fiddled her fingers. "But, that's what I want to write. A great romance." She sighed. "That's what I want to have..." She whispered.

Elunara brushed Katie's hair out of her face. "Then that is what you shall have."

Katie blushed and stepped back. "But, first I have to write it."

"Do it. I know you can. However, first you should come out with me."

They walked together through the city. When Katie would fall behind, Elunara would stop and wait for Katie to come to her side again. "Why do you keep doing that?" Elunara shook her head. "It's very annoying."

"I guess it's a habit." Katie shook her head. "Daddy was in charge, he didn't like when I stepped in line with him."

"Interesting." 

"I'll try to stop."

Elunara grinned. "Any man worth his salt will want to walk with you by his side." 

Katie blushed. "I guess."

"Speaking of men... I see you over there Ryan."

Ryan stepped out from behind the building. "Forgive me, Elunara. I didn't want to intrude." 

"Oh, hello, Ryan." Katie smiled. 

Elunara's eyebrow shot up. "You two have met?" 

"He helped me haul my books the other day." Katie brushed her hair back from her face. "He's very sweet."

"That I know." Elunara grinned. 

"I was going to come by and ask you how you were doing, but I didn't want to interrupt your reading."

"I wouldn't have minded." Katie smiled. "I can't believe I got so carried away." 

"I'll leave you two to chat." Elunara winked at Katie. 

Katie shook her head. "Oh, don't worry about us. Ryan, come walk with Elunara and I."

"Well, I have a break right now... maybe we could grab lunch?"

"Sounds good to me! Elunara?"

"Already ate. Bye." She disappeared before either of them could say another word.

Ryan put his fist to his mouth and coughed. "I was hoping it would be just us anyway." 

"Let's go to Tippy's. She has the most astounding food." 

Biting his lip, Ryan considered. "Tippy's is hard to get a table around lunch time. I can't get back to the yard in time." 

Katie cocked her head to the side. "I've never had a problem."

"Well, let's try it then." 

They started walking back towards the inn. "Is it a little hot today?" Katie pinched her eyes shut and shook her head.

"Not... really?" He eyed her. "Are you alright? It's still winter."

"Oh, no... not..." For her, the world went black. 

Elunara placed a hand on the girl's head and concentrated. "And she just fainted?"

"She complained of the heat, and then away she went. I barely kept her from hitting her head on the ground." 

She continued to probe Katie's body with her energy. "How strange. The only thing I detect is her blood is a little thin."

Katie blinked at the ceiling. "No..." She whined. 

"Katie? Are you alright?" Elunara peered into her eyes.

"It's that stupid fainting thing. I never know when it's going to hit me. I've been so long without an episode..." 

"How long has it been going on?"

Katie sat up in bed and put a hand to her forehead. "Pretty much all of my life. It's the absolute worst in the summer when it gets too hot. Heat just makes everything impossible. It's why I had to work indoors, when working the fields would have helped us out more. My mother had it too. My father used to say it was what killed her. She was just collapsed in the house one day, and that was it for her." She picked at her skirt. "I'm afraid it'll get me one day too." She said quietly.

"I won't let it, my dear." Elunara brushed a hand over Katie's hair. "We'll figure out what this is. I'll send for mother and Ina. In fact, I'll cycle through every healer I know of. I may have superior healing abilities, but I don't always know how they work. I'm good with bodies, but not like this."

"Thank you." Katie whispered.