 Ryan frowned to himself as he made his way back to the training yard. He was concerned for Katie's health. She seemed A little pale, but not particularly frail. Lost in thought, he almost ran into another person. 

"Ah, damn. Forgive me. I never look where I'm going."

"Not at all, lad. Not at all." The man peered at him. "Ryan is it?"

"I'm sorry, have we met?" 

"Yes, yes we have. You escorted my daughter Carla home?"

"Oh. Oh! I remember. I'm sorry, my brain is just dumb. How is she?"

"Quite well, quite well. How about you join us for tea?"

"Sorry, I can't. I need to get back to the yard before I'm late. Plus, I'm not a fan of tea."

The man scratched his chin. "What do you like?"

Ryan blinked at him. "Well... juice. I don't really drink alcohol either."

"How about you join us for lunch tomorrow? Yes, I think lunch tomorrow would be dandy."

"Oh. Sure." Ryan rubbed the back of his neck. "But, seriously... I need to get back. I ride on General Mark's nerves as it is."

"Yes, yes. I understand. Good day."

Ryan shook his head and continued on to the yard. 

Mark stood at the edge and glared him down. "You're late."

Standing straight and thrusting his shoulders back, Ryan saluted. "I'm sorry, sir. A girl fainted, and I had to get Elunara to tend to her."

"Is that why I saw you with her? Very well. But don't be late again." Mark gestured towards the yard. 

-- 

The following day, Ryan found himself knocking on Carla's door, a little confused as to how he got talked into this. He decided that a little free food wouldn't do him any harm. 

The man opened the door. "Ah, yes. Yes. There you are. Come in, come in."

Ryan stepped in the door and looked around. "I'm sorry, I never got your name."

"You may call me Richard." He winked. "Through here, through here." He gestured to a small room off to the side. 

Stepping in the room, Ryan eyed the table with some curiosity. "There's only two chairs." 

"Is there now? How curious." 

Carla came down the stairs with a sigh. Her father was at it again, she just knew it. Stopping at the door, she blinked at the man sitting down. "Oh! Ryan, it's you."

"Um. Hello?" With a nervous laugh, he stood back up. "I'm not sure what's going on..."

"Oh, daddy." Carla sighed and covered her eyes. 

"Now, don't let me be a bother. Sit, Carla. Show our guest some hospitality."

Sighing, Carla sat down. 

"Now, I have a... thing. Yes, an important thing to get to today. Don't let me stop you. Eat, drink, be merry!" With that, he shut the door to the parlor.

Carla blushed furiously. "I'm so sorry for my father. He just can't help himself."

Ryan sat back down. "It's fine. I guess." 

Carla reached for the juice. 

"Oh, no. Let me." He picked up the pitcher of juice and poured them both a glass. "I don't mind a bite to eat."

Carla bit her lip and considered the man sitting across from her. He was very cute. 

"You look very pretty today. Did you get dressed up just for lunch?"

"This? It's a Tulani tea dress. My father is always arranging these little meetings of his. He insists I look my very best."

Ryan grinned at her over his cup. "Well, the effect is worth it, I think."

The blush deepened and Carla looked down at her clasped hands. "Thank you."

He took a bite of sandwich and considered the girl in front of him. She was actually pretty, but he decided she was probably just as shy as he was. They sat in complete silence for a few moments. Both nibbling at their sandwiches. 

Finally, Ryan cleared his throat. "Are you feeling better?"

"Better?" She blinked at him.

"The last time I saw you, you were crying. It must have been bad..."

Carla shook her head and sent her curls bouncing. "It... well, it's personal. I'm okay now. I think."

"Hmm." He went back to his sandwich.

Carla fiddled her fingers under the table and tried to not fidget. "Is... well, are you doing better? You said something about... well, about humiliating yourself..."

He chuckled. "I'm always doing that. But, yeah. I'm fine."

"That's good." 

Ryan finished off his juice and his sandwich. "Well, this was... interesting. I'll see you around, Carla."

"Oh, let me walk you out." She jumped up, but her leg caught the table and the whole thing crashed all over the floor. She stooped down to clean it up.

"No, let me. I don't want this juice to ruin that pretty dress." Ryan knelt and began wiping up the floor with the ruined tablecloth. 

Carla sighed. "Thank you. Let me go get some towels." She yanked open the door and blinked at her father. He wiggled his eyebrows at her, but she sighed again and pushed past him. 

"My boy, you don't have to do that." 

"It's fine. It was an accident."

"I'll call the maid." Richard disappeared.

Carla returned to the room with a couple of towels and passed them over. "Are you going to be late back to work?"

Ryan smacked a hand to his forehead. "General Mark is going to kill me." He scrambled up. Stopping at Carla's side, he took her hand into his and kissed the back of it. "Be well, Carla." He disappeared through the front door.

Carla's eyes had gone wide as she stared at her hand. 

--

"Good night, mother." Jordan tugged the bedroom door closed.

Elunara leaned over the upstairs banister and watched Jordan walk towards the stairs. "It's hard for her."

"Yes, I know." Jordan raked his fingers through his hair. He tucked into his bedroom and began taking off his armor, stowing it neatly in the closet. Elunara walked in behind him and closed the door. "She'd probably have me sleep in the bed with her if she had a say." He laughed. "I don't blame her, but I am having difficulty getting her to let me work. She sits by the yard all day." He turned around and wrapped his hands around Elunara's waist. "I missed her terribly, but you know I still have a job to do."

"I know, Sugar. I'm glad you realize your responsibility." She winked. "There was a time when you would have just ditched everything."

"Got to set an example as High General." He brushed his lips against hers. 

Smiling, Elunara brushed her fingers across that starburst pattern on his cheek. "We've come so far..."

"Yes, we have." He chuckled, kissing her again. "Thank you for staying with me the past few days."

"Of course, my lovely Sugar. You need the emotional support just as much as your mother."

"The macho in me would like to brush that off, you know."

"But I won't let you." Her eyes glittered with challenge.

"I'd have it no other way." Without warning, he shoved her back on to the bed. "Let me show my appreciation." 

She giggled wildly. "What do you plan on doing to your little wife?"

"Little, my ass."

"Why, Jordan... you said you weren't into that."

"Ha. Ha. I'll get you for that remark." Tugging open the drawer beside his bed, he pulled out one of the toys he kept for her. 

Elunara wiggled out of her pants and dropped them to the floor. "I have an idea where this is going."

"Maybe you do, maybe you don't." He flashed a grin at her. Leaning close to her face, he brushed the toy up and down her crotch, easing the tip through the hairs and down to the folds below. "I want to watch you take it in." He pressed the toy up and through, grinning at her as her eyes barely closed, her head going back. He slid it in and out, just watching her face. 

The toy was already soaked by now, he knew that well enough, his wife was always in a perpetual state of arousal that drove him mad. Still, he continued to work it in and out, letting her ride the sensation. After several minutes of this, he pulled the toy free and readjusted. Carefully, he pressed the toy into her ass, enjoying the way she gasped and clutched at his arm. 

When the toy was to the hilt, he moved back. Shoving his own pants to the floor, his dick bounced free. She watched him, her eyes glazed, her smile feral. He pressed into the center of her, groaning as her wet clamping heat took him in, inch by glorious inch. Feeling the pressure of the toy from the other side, he rocked his hips and clung to her legs. 

"You know, sometimes I regret I'm not as large as Grogek. I bet he fills you more than me."

"Jordan..." She sighed. "Don't be jealous of your brother. I love the way you both fill me. You know I live for the variety."

"Yes... but sometimes I wonder..." He leaned over to the drawer again and pulled out a different toy. "But I had an idea that might get me close."

Elunara's eyes narrowed, and her grin widened. "Now, what ever in the world are you going to do now?"

"This..." Laying the toy on top of his dick, he began to push. 

Her eyes widened and she laid her head back. "Gods, give it to me, Jordan."

"With pleasure." He held on to the toy as he pushed in and out. The pressure from top and bottom had him clenching his jaw, it was almost too intense to bear. Slow, patient, and with more control than he realized he had, he pushed, in and out, in and out. Building up in speed, he rocked his hips while holding the toy with him, stretching her with the girth of both. Holding the toy still up to its hilt, he began ramming in and out as hard and fast as he could manage. The toy lent a tightness to her he thought was almost impossible as she clenched around him. Finally, he released, a twitching explosion he could no longer tolerate. He pulled free. "That... was something else." He gasped. 

Elunara groaned. "I haven't had two dicks at a time in years." She rubbed her crotch. "Do that again sometime."

"I didn't hurt you, did I?" He tossed the toy in the drawer, intending to clean it later.

Reaching down, she tugged the toy free from her ass, tossing it in the drawer. "Not a bit. I quite enjoyed myself."

"Good." He kissed her softly, slowly, savoring her. "I hurt you once, I'll never do it again."

"Oh, Jordan... Don't beat yourself up over the past."

"Baby..."

"Come to bed." She opened her arms. "I love you, Sugar. Never forget that."

--

On another day, Lulu was outside practicing some of her frost magic. Cleaning widows was so much easier when you could lob water balls with a little soap. Humming to herself, she readied another ball. 

"Hey, Lulu!"

With a smile, she turned and dropped the cast back into her bucket of water. "Nara! You're a little early this afternoon."

He brushed his lips against hers. "Mmm, I missed you. I ran all the way home."

Giggling, she scooted up closer. "I see, had plans?"

"Well, I have many, but I did want to show you this cool trick I learned."

"Oh, really?"

Nara stepped back and held up a hand. "Yeah, watch!" Sending out his magical energy, he cast his hand up to the sky and called out. At once, the area around their feet was bathed in a golden glow. 

Lulu screamed and grabbed at her arms. All over her body, burns and cuts covered her skin. She collapsed to the ground, blacking out from the pain. 

"Lulu!" Eyes wide with terror, Nara collapsed to the ground beside her mangled body. Pulling her carefully into his arms, he scooped her up and began to run. Finding his way back to the training yard, he dropped to his knees in front of Elunara. "Help me! Help me, I don't know what happened!"

Elunara dropped off the platform and ran her hands over Lulu's torn body. Glaring at Nara, she growled low. "What did you DO?"

"I... I don't know! I was showing her my consecration, and this happened and I..."

"You fool!"

Jordan managed to get to the edge of the yard as Nara explained. Grabbing Nara by the shirt, he hauled him up off his feet. "You little bastard!" 

"What?" Nara grabbed at Jordan's wrists and looked back and forth between the angry pair. "I don't understand." Tears streamed down his face. "What happened to my precious wife?"

Elunara pulled Lulu into her lap and channeled her energy. "How many times must I explain it to you? You are the light and she is the dark. You cast a weapon on my daughter. You almost killed her!"

Jordan snarled and grabbed Nara by the throat. "I'll kill you!"

"Jordan!" Margaret gasped, as she put her hands to her mouth. 

"No! It was an accident, I swear! I would never hurt her on purpose!" Nara squeaked. "I was trying to impress her, not kill her! I swear I didn't know!"

"Oh, you knew, you idiot." Elunara frowned over the scars on Lulu's arms. Some things even she couldn't heal. "You just conveniently forgot. I'm so pissed at you, I'm half tempted to let Jordan tear you apart." Lifting Lulu up, cradled in one arm, she put a free hand on Jordan's shoulder. "However, I won't. Jordan, let him go."

"But..."

"Let. Him. Go." Elunara shook her head. "He is an idiot, he is not malicious."

"Momma?" Lulu groaned and lifted a hand to her head. "Momma, why are you holding me? What happened?"

"Baby, I'm so sorry! Nara held out a hand to brush her hair out of her face but jerked back at the last second. "Sweetheart, I never meant to hurt you." 

"I'm so confused... I remember the bright... my everything hurts." Lulu groaned and put a hand over her eyes. 

"This is why you need more training, this is why you should study your respective classes. I know you hate it, Lulu my love, but your shadow side almost got you killed when Nara showed off his light ability."

Nara knelt and put his head on his knee. "I swear to you, my love, my precious, my everything. I will never use my powers around you again. I will train, and I will train hard. I will make sure my powers are under my complete control, so this never happens again." 

"You did this?" Lulu whispered. "We... I..." She began to struggle in Elunara's grasp. "NO! No! This can't be! I can't... we keep hurting each other. This is horrible. This is..." Tears streamed down her face and she curled up against Elunara's chest. "Why, mother? Why do I love a man I cannot touch?"

Elunara sighed and cuddled Lulu in her arms. "I'm sorry, little love. I truly am. It is not your fault you were born with this mark. You were born with the gift of magic, and it has been twisted by your birth. All we can do is train you both in control. Nara was born special, his family from a line, his heart is pure. Treasure each other. You have your difficulties now, but they will get better, this I promise you. I will do my best to bless you, in the way that I blessed Bradly against the Worgen curse. I will do my best to bless Nara in the same as well. I want you to love who you love, and not abandon one another because of this... thing." Elunara sat Lulu down on her feet. Placing her fingers under Lulu's chin, she peered into her eyes. "Promise me, little one. Promise me that you will train with the warlocks and you will not forsake your husband."

"Please, Lulu." Nara whimpered. "I need you."

"I... I promise, Momma." 

"Good girl." Elunara kissed Lulu's forehead and transferred some of her blessing and will to Lulu. Turning to Nara, she moved closer, and repeated the process. "Do something like this again, and Jordan and I will take our turns destroying you." 

Nara swallowed hard and nodded. "Yes, Elunara. I swear to you, I will not do anything to harm Lulu. I love her. I need her." He rubbed his throat. 

Lulu blinked at Nara, looking at him fully for the first time. "Nara! What happened to your neck?" She brushed her fingers over a bruise. 

"Your father... it doesn't matter. I deserve it for what I did. Please, please forgive me, sweetheart." 

Lulu leaned forward and brushed her lips against a bruise. "I can't be mad at you, Nara." Closing her eyes, she put her forehead to his. "I love you too much. It was an accident. You couldn't have known."

"Oh, yes he could." Jordan growled. 

Elunara held up a hand. "We've been over this. There's no need for animosity. Now you know for absolute certain. Do not, for any circumstance, use your powers while Lulu is in range. When you're in range, she's in range. Got it?"

"Yes. I will protect my wife."