 Lulu held her books tightly to her chest, walking towards class with her head down. 

"Lulu!"

She looked back at the form running towards her, arm in the air. "Oh, hello William."

He caught up with her, huffing and puffing. "Why are you all the way up here? I thought you quit warlock classes."

Tears welled in her eyes before she could stop them. "I have to go back. I don't have my powers under control any more. Nara and I keep hurting each other."

"Oh." William blinked at her for a moment. "Oh... But, why though?" 

"Because he is a paladin, and I am tainted with shadow magic. Two forces that oppose each other."

Considering, William licked his lips. "So, you can't be together?"

Lulu's hair bounced around her head as she shook it. "Not until my power is under control." 

"That's... interesting." 

"It's horrific, is what it is." Walking towards class, Lulu sighed and watched the doorway come in to view. "So, I have to come back. I have to practice; I have to get good. Once I can control my outbursts again, we can be safe."

"Or you could save yourself the trouble."

She halted in her path. "What?"

"Well, I know how much you hate warlock training. If you were not together, you wouldn't have to do this. You could just be you." Looking into her eyes, he licked his lips again. 

Eyes wide, her mouth dropped open. "William!"

"I'm sure there is another person, one who would not need protection from your shadow power. Someone who has the same mark maybe."

"How dare you!" She hissed. "I don't know what's gotten into you lately, but you are a horrible person!" Turning on her heel, she ran into the warlock building. 

William pinched his eyes shut and groaned. "Damn it."

--- 

Katie wrestled her stack of books into a pile and was on try number four to get them out of her inn door. She almost had it wedged open with her foot when someone pushed at it, hitting her pile and knocking them to the floor yet again. Tossing her hands up, she yanked the door the rest of the way. 

"Yes?" Blinking at the man, she cocked her head to the side. "Oh, hello... Ryan?"

He stooped down and sheepishly began stacking books. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you drop them."

"That's alright... as payment, you can help me haul the darned things back to the library. I can't believe I grabbed so many."

"Have you read all of these?" He eyed a couple of the books. He didn't recognize any of the titles. 

"Well," She began to pile the books as well. "Yes. I keep being told that if I want to write a book, I should first see how they are written by other people."

"But... well, it hasn't been that long since I helped you bring these here." 

Katie blushed. "I'm... I'm a fast reader. I get so involved, I don't stop. I'm not sure I've had much sleep lately." She laughed. 

Standing, Ryan hefted his pile. "With your condition, isn't that dangerous?"

"My...? Oh, the fainting." She shrugged, standing with her few books. "I don't know. I've never thought of it." She gestured with her head. "Let's take these back, I'd like to start writing today."

"Finally have a plot?" He grinned. If he wasn't loaded down with books, he would have brushed her hair out of her face. 

"I have an idea, and I want to run with it, but with all of these books in my way, I either don't have a bed, or I don't have a desk. I dare not leave them in the floor."

"Did we forget a book?" Ryan gestured with his chin. "There's one by your bed."

Katie turned back and blushed. "Ah, no. That's something Elunara gave me. Don't worry about it."

"Alright." Ryan stepped out of the room. "I came by to check on you. I would have been by sooner, but I've been working."

Following him downstairs, she shrugged. "Oh, don't worry about me. I'm fine. It's just a thing to deal with." 

Tippy eyed the pair coming down the stairs. Nodding to Katie, she held open the door so they could go outside. Tapping a finger to her lip, she debated on telling Elunara what she had seen in the boy's eyes. 

As the pair made their way through town, Katie lifted her face to the sun. "This place is so breath taking. Nothing at all like Sentinel Hill."

"Yeah, it's pretty nice." He was robbed of speech. "Um, so... what is your book going to be about?"

"So far, I think it's going to be about a lonely farm girl falling in love with a knight of the big city. Wouldn't that be delightful?" 

"Yeah..." His voice was wistful. 

"It's not terribly original, I know, but I figured I'd start off simple, and they keep telling me "write what you know", and I am just a lonely farm girl trying to find a knight." She giggled. "I don't know why I told you that." 

"Have you...? Well, have you found a knight?"

"Not yet." Caught up in her own fantasy, she body slammed into another person, dropping her books. "I'm so sorry!" She gasped, as she stopped down. "I'm such a klutz. I swear, if I drop these books again, I'll never check out another one as long as I live!" 

"It's fine." The girl helped pick up some books. "I wasn't watching... Ryan?" She stood, holding on to the books. 

"Oh, hey Carla." Ryan smiled. "I'd give you a proper greeting, but I'm loaded down." 

Still holding on to the books, she blinked back and forth between Ryan and the new girl. "Who is this?"

"Forgive my manners. Carla, this is Katie, Katie, this is Carla. Katie is new in town, and I was helping her haul her books back to the library."

"Books?"

Katie tugged the books out of Carla's hands. "Sorry about that. I really need to watch where I'm going."

"Carla and I met the same way." Ryan smiled. "Just weren't looking where we were going." 

Carla frowned at the pair. "Yes... something like that." She cleared her throat and tried to smile. "Ryan, I was looking for you. Father wants me to invite you to dinner."

"That sounds nice." Ryan smiled. "I would love to." He turned his attention to Katie. "What about you?"

Carla winced. "Um, yes, what about you?"

"Oh, not tonight. I have a lot of work I need to do. I haven't even started on the book, and I've been here two weeks already."

"Book? Don't you have enough as is?" Carla eyed the pair. 

"These are library books. You see, Elunara commissioned me to write a book for her, and I think I know how to do this now, so I want to get started."

"Elunara again." Carla murmured. Clearing her throat, Carla smiled at Ryan. "Well, dinner is at six, so please be prompt."

Ryan laughed. "You know, I will do my best. I'm always late somewhere." He hefted the pile of books. "I'd love to stay and chat, but I need to help Katie get her books back to the library." 

With a frown, Carla watched the pair walk away.

--- 

Elunara opened the door and blinked at the man standing on her porch. "Hello, Stephen, what brings you my way?"

"Are you free today? Grogek said you might be."

"Come on in, honey. You know the rule, come here for a session, get a day off from training." She moved back and let him in the door. 

He stepped in and looked around with some curiosity. "Interesting layout."

"I don't think you're here about my house." She winked. 

"No. No. I'm here because of you."

"What will it be?" She picked up her board and made some notes. 

Still looking around, basically anywhere but her, he shrugged. "When I challenged you in the ring that day, it wasn't just to get into Grogek's corps." 

"Oh?" She quick sketched his form and face. 

"It was because of you."

"Really now?"

He looked at her fully for the first time. "I thought that if you beat some sense into me, I could be broken of this fascination."

"Fascination?"

"For the past ten years, I have watched you. You... fascinate me. You're beautiful and strong, and every time I watch you fight in the ring, I get a major hard-on. I know I'm not the only one, but this is not something I can deny any longer. I want you. Badly. I want my hands on you. But I can't keep doing this."

The entire time he talked, Elunara sketched. "Keep doing what?"

"Fantasizing about you. I need you to break me, to break this desire for you. I want to find a wife that will be mine and only mine, but I can't do that if all I want is you." 

Elunara sighed and added more detail to her work. "Don't go Jordan on me."

"I'm trying not to. Don't you see?" 

"How do you expect to go about this?"

Raking his fingers through his hair, he sighed. "I want... well, I want two things. I want you to beat the hell out of me, and I want to beat the hell out of you. Maybe... just maybe if we hurt each other, make each other less, the feeling will go away. How can two people be together if they only hurt each other?"

"Interesting." Elunara tapped her pencil on her board. "You know, I've done everything..."

"Which is why I want you."

"And had everything done to me."

"Does it work?"

With a sigh, Elunara tossed her board on the table. "Sometimes it does, sometimes it does not. I could hurt you right now. I could make you suffer in ways you could only dream about..."

"Yes!"

"Or I could fulfill your fantasy."

"Fantasy?" He blinked at her. 

Motioning with her head, she led him to a door. Opening the door, she showed him her collection of restraints, whips, chains, and other assorted paraphernalia. "There are those who get off on the pain. Those who get sexually aroused while I beat on them. So, the question becomes, are you one of them? Is that why you think that you can break your fixation? If you get horny while I fight, maybe you're one of them." 

"Can..." He licked his lips. "Can we try?"

"I can give you what you want. I might even be able to find you a wife who enjoys this kind of thing."

"No."

"No?"

"I want a soft wife. A wife I can cherish and pamper. I only want pain from you. I only want to experience you in this way."

"Hm. Interesting." Eying her collection, she considered. "Fine, I accept your terms. How do you want to start?" 

"I think... I want to go first. I want you to break me, so that maybe I won't feel the same towards you. If you hurt me enough..."

"We'll see what we see. Today, you are my plaything. Another day, I will submit to you. Know this... I do not experience pain like others. I may not seek it out, but I do not shy away from it either. You can do your absolute worst. For now, I have a number of rules. The first being that you can call for a stop at any time. We call this a safe word. Something you say when you want me to stop. Today is pineapple. It's weird so you have to think about it, something you wouldn't say normally. Got it?"

"Yes."

"I have a few more rules, let's go over them while I get you into position." She grabbed him by the shoulder and shoved him in to the room. "Rule number two, I require complete and utter trust. You've made a request, and it's a bit extreme, especially since I barely know you. I'll give you what you want, but you have to trust that I will honor the safe word and stop immediately." 

"Your word is law; your reputation is legendary."

"That doesn't answer my question. You're about to be completely helpless. You want me to make you suffer? I can do that. But you must trust that I won't go too far, that I won't betray your trust. That what happens in this room stays here." 

"I trust you completely."

She locked the door. "That leads into my third rule. What happens in here stays in here unless explicitly agreed upon by both parties."

"I will not break your trust."

"You're getting the hang of this." Running her hands along the hangings on the wall she considered her various restraint systems. "Chains, ropes, or leather?" 

He hesitated. "I trust you to know best. I've never done this before."

Considering him, she ran her fingers over a length of chain. "We'll mix it up." Tugging down some chains and some rope, she gathered her materials. "I will ask you at every step before we start. Once we start, I won't break character until you tell me to, or I think we've gone too far. Understand?"

"Y-yes."

"That is rule number four. Rule number five, once we are done, I will take care of you. Things done here may be distressing and painful, but I never leave my charges in that mindset. It can be damaging to you, even if you want it. You want me at my worst, but even when I was the most mentally broken, I understood that those who had suffered would have mental scars to go with their physical. Also, I will tell Grogek that you get two days off for me. I won't allow you to go into his brutal training regime so soon after this. You understand?" 

He cocked his head to the side. "Wouldn't that ruin the point?"

"Are you backing out?"

"No, ma'am." 

"Then strip, and we'll begin."

Pulling off his shirt, his muscles taught and supple, he spots her out of the corner of his eye. She clips the glistening manacles to the chain attached to the ceiling. As she inspects her work, he is enchanted by the form of those long legs, those firm arms, and he knows the power she holds. Feeling like an outsider, a pariah, he tugs off his pants, slowly sliding them down over his well-toned ass and legs. Piling the clothes in the corner of the room, he licks his lips. Attached to one side of her belt, is a black leather whip, and attached to the other is a long, thin riding crop, the leather bit at the end whispering pain to be had. 

Stepping over to her, he resists the urge to pull her into his embrace. A kiss. One. That's all he wants, and he knows, is the last thing he needs. The last thing he should do. A kiss would only serve to leash him to her side for eternity. From the moment he first saw her fight in the ring ten years ago, was the moment he knew his soul belonged to her. No, a kiss was the worst possible idea. Pain. That would break him. He had hoped that working himself to death under her husband would be the break he needed, but it only served to make his jealousy more intense. 

"Last thing," She eyed him up and down. "Insults or no?"

His brain snapped back from the spell of her. "What?" 

"Do you want me to insult you? We ARE after a certain outcome, are we not?"

"Yes, insult me." Stephen nodded. "Do your worst. Make this every bit as traumatic as you see fit." 

Elunara shrugged and shook the chains. "Let's get you into position."

Lifting his arms, he allowed her to snap him into the manacles. Tugging against them he felt the bite of metal against skin. 

She knelt and snapped another set around his ankles. Pulling out a length of rope, she eyed him. "Someone is ahead of the game." She flicked her fingers over his erection. He winced but said nothing. Using the length of rope, she looped it under his balls and around his dick. Cinching it tight, she tied a bow. "For my amusement." She winked. He flinched and winced at the abrading rope. Stepping behind him, she tugged the whip loose and snapped it in the air. "Last chance to back out."

"Punish me. Punish this sinner." He cried. 

Elunara gripped the handle of her whip and lifted her arm in the air, swinging down with the full weight of her body. The end of the whip cracked across Stephen's ack, leaving a bright red welt. "You're worthless!" She hauled back again and let the whip fly. "You slimy, incompetent slug." Strike. "You'll never make a useful soldier," Strike. "No one wants you in the corps, you're wasting everyone's time." 

As she struck his body, he jolted, biting down on crying out. Welts formed on his back, and the manacles around his limbs bit into the skin, while his involuntary reactions made the rope almost unbearable. 

Stopping for a moment, she walked around to his front. "Someone is enjoying this a little too much." Pulling the crop out, she whacked his dick with it. "I didn't tell you you could enjoy this, worm." With the tip of the crop, she lifted his dick, before letting it drop down. She smacked him in the balls this time. He cried out and she nodded, before stepping back behind him again. Once more, she lifted the whip. "You're stupid," Crack. "Useless," Crack. "And sloppy." Crack.

Pausing in her assault, she stepped in close, wrapping her hand around his throat and squeezing. "I could never love a miserable shit-eater like you. You're pathetic and weak." She released him and stepped back. Back to her task, she continued to rain her whip and her insults on his back. When his back was completely covered, she stepped around again. Eying the mess on the floor, she shook her head. Using the back of her hand, she cracked him in the face. "Once again you defy me, can't even follow simple instructions." She shook her head and stepped back. "Pineapple." She murmured. 

Elunara stepped forward and unhooked the manacles. He collapsed to the floor and gasped. She stooped down and put her fingers under his chin. "You have a problem, I think." Lifting his face to hers, she looked into his eyes. "I wasn't trying to make you orgasm."

"I... could... tell." He gasped. 

"But, did it work?" She cocked her head to the side and put her hands on his shoulders. 

"Not even a little bit." He whimpered. 

Pushing him upright, she carefully untied the abrasive rope around his balls and penis. Then she unhooked his feet from the floor. Walking around him, she put her hands on his back and began channeling her healing energies into his back, reducing cuts and welts to feint scars. "I give you this, you can take a lot of punishment. It's no wonder you hold your own in Grogek's training regime." 

"You think I do?"

"You're a little sloppy, but you're shaping up. You take direction well and follow as close as you are physically able. We're both impressed."

"You honor me." He murmured. "I... I have to go." Grabbing his clothes, he redressed quickly before bolting out of the door.

---- 

Elunara sat on the couch, quietly drawing, her mind occupied. When Grogek walked in, she looked up and eyed his bloody shirt. "Well, that hasn't happened in quite some time."

He yanked his shirt off. "My new corps are not bleeders. But, accidents happen." He shrugged. Moving over to her, he bent down and brushed his lips against hers. With a sniff, he eyed her. "Smells to me like Stephen did not come by."

"Actually," She put her board to the side. "He did. However, he did not want the full treatment. Seemed to have a lot on his mind, but my usual methods weren't it. I told him I would excuse him from training tomorrow." Grogek started to open his mouth, but she held up a hand. "I'm not telling you why. Though I will tell you, I have another Jordan on my hands."

"Oh? How so?"

"He's in love with me and can't look at another woman until I "fix" him." 

Grogek blinked at her before flopping down on the couch. "Do we even have room in this madhouse?"

With a giggle, Elunara cuddled up to him. "I might be able to break him out of it. There's plenty of women in this crazy city to set him up with. I just have to find the right method, and then the right woman." 

"I leave it up to you to figure out." He tugged on her ear.

"Meanwhile, since you're on break anyway, want to fuck my brains out? I've gotten all worked up with nowhere to go." She winked. 

"When you put it that way..." He shoved her off him on to the couch. 

She licked her lips. "What are you going to do to little ol me?" 

"Pfft, we know the innocent act doesn't work on me." Tugging her pants around her hips, he began to yank them down her legs with haste. "But, I have the perfect idea to start with." Working his own pants off, he watched the hot lust in her eyes as she eyed his dick. When she started to prop up, he shoved her back down. "Later." Kneeling on the couch he tugged one of her legs up and ran his fingers through the wet hairs. "Uncontrollable is what you are." He thrust himself into that wet heat. "Irresistible too." 

She groaned as he began to pump his hips. Hooking her lower leg around his, she clutched the couch with her fingers, rocking her hips up against his as he began to slam in and out of her. When he could take it no longer, he pulled free, and pushed her leg forward, turning her on to her stomach before pressing into her tight ass. In and out he worked that hole, grabbing her hips and thrusting her on and off. He reached down with the other hand and buried a pair of fingers in her, working around to find that spot that drove her mad. Only when she was shivering and shaking, did he finally let go. 
