 At home, Elunara stood on her porch, quietly sweeping and contemplating her life. Emaline was at the keep with her father, and Elunara was looking forward to picking up her tiniest daughter after she had completed some chores. Everyone took turns keeping the house tidied up, and today she was using the time to relax and enjoy time off from her duties. That was a laughable thought on its own. Since when had she needed time off?

An old but familiar sound pricked her large ears and she snatched the arrow out of the air before it could pierce her skull. Turning in the direction of the arrow, she took off, confident in her abilities to track the arrow to its source. Speed was her advantage, and she used it. Once at the location, she grabbed the arms of the female goblin. 

"Why are you trying to kill me?" She demanded. 

"The hell are you talking about?" The goblin wiggled in her grasp. "Let go of me, you bitch! I'll slice you from... Elunara?"

The pair of women looked into each other's faces as recognition passed from woman to woman. Elunara sat the goblin down. "Tawdry? What the hell are you doing, shooting an arrow at my head?"

"Arrow? What fuckin' arrow? You know I only use my dagger, and only when a patron needs a little extra coaxin'." Tawdry pulled out the aforementioned dagger and ran a thumb across the blade. 

"Who was here? Did you see anyone?"

"You mean the assassin with a bow and arrow? He's hiding up my damned skirt. Fuck if I know. I just got here." 

"Damn." Elunara muttered and looked around, hoping to spot a clue, any clue. Blinking a moment, she turned back to Tawdry. "What the hell are you doing in Stormwind? Booty Bay is your port of call."

"Can't I come see an old friend?"

Elunara snorted back a laugh. "Tawdry, you don't do shit if you can't get paid for it." 

"That ain't a lie." She tucked the dagger back in its sheath. "However, I had other issues. I just dumped one of my girls at the healer's building and I was sent this way when I asked for yas."

"Healer?"

"Found herself in the family way. Unlike most of my girls, this one wants to keep it, but her favorite benefactor is a pirate, and here she's afraid of losing her baby to the man."

Elunara shook her head. "I'll be damned. You do have an altruistic bone in that body of yours."

"I charged her for the ride. And the personal escort."

After a scant moment of consideration, Elunara nodded. "Ok, that's more like you. Where's Havey and Cavey?"

"Holding down the fort." 

This time, the snort turned into a full laugh. "Those two bone heads?"

Tawdry glared up at Elunara. "Ever since a certain night elf hasn't ran tame in my brothel, they haven't been tempted. I don't know what you do to men, but after what you did to my oafs, I had some... well placed threats drilled into their empty heads." 

With a grin, Elunara winked. "I can't resist a challenge. They were an... interesting challenge." 

"Pfft, disgusting. Even I wouldn't fuck an oaf."

"Broaden your horizons." Elunara winked. "Other than a preggo prostitute, what brings you to me?"

"That self-same preggo. Even in Booty Bay, we're aware of the current queen of Stormwind. Preggo is looking for some protection, and I told her I'd try to get it. She paid me a pretty penny to do it too."

"Well then." Elunara crossed her arms. Considering the other woman, she shook her head. "Goblins, you'd all sell your mothers for a gold." 

"Hell, my mother sold me for a handful of silver." Tawdry snorted. 

"Sad."

"Like you, I made the most of what I got. The Whore, queen of Stormwind, or whatever the hell it is you do these days. I've seen your name on some of those SI communications."

"Now I have to wonder how many of my agents have wasted their time in your brothel, for you have to have seen my orders."

Tawdry smirked. "I have sticky fingers."

"I remember." Elunara raked her fingers through her hair. Looking around she considered the situation. She had not forgotten what led her over to the area where Tawdry had been walking. "I'll meet with your preggo. I'll do what I can for her." 

"What do I owe?"

With a quick grin, Elunara winked. "You haven't heard? I do things out of altruism now." 

Tawdry blinked up at her. "I thought that was just part of the elaborate rumors. They get fantastical the more drunk the patrons are." 

Elunara's ears twitched as she listened for any further attempts on her life. "You and I really need to play catch up. I'll buy you a drink, I kind of need one myself." 

"Good deal."

"Let's find your preggo first."

In the healer's building, Tia clasped her hands together. "She is in perfect health; her baby will come along nicely."

"Thanks, Tia." Elunara eyed the girl. Her bright red hair and cocky smile belied the nerves below. "What's your name?"

"Angel"

"Stage or real?" Putting her fingers under the girl's chin, she examined her eyes. "What name do you want to be called? I guess that would be the better question. There's no need to play around here."

"My name is Tammy." The girl bit her lip. "My patrons called me Angel, and a few other things. I always found it absurd."

"Well, that's no longer necessary. You wouldn't be the first person to change their name. My Daughter-in-law changed her name when she came to town. Pick whatever makes you happy. Be Tammy, or Angel, or tootie fruitie for all I care." 

Tammy looked around at the people in the room. 

Tawdry shrugged. "Don't look at me, I don't give a shit. Once I leave, I ain't comin' back for your ass."

"I'll stick with Tammy. I wanted to be exotic but look where it got me." She rubbed her belly. "I don't want to go back to Booty Bay, and I don't want Harold to find me. My baby can't be raised by pirates."

"That's why you're here, Tammy." Elunara gestured. "Come with me. You can stay at Tippy's while we try to find you a place for you and your baby to stay."

--- 

"Tippy!" Elunara pushed her way in the door. "It's crowded today."

"Serves you right for showing up at lunch rush." Tippy cocked her hip against the counter and crossed her arms. "Even your table is taken at the moment."

"We can wait." Elunara jerked a thumb back at Tammy. "I need a room for this chicky until I can find her other lodgings."

Tippy rolled her eyes. "Of course you do. I've got one room left. One. She can have it, but don't you have room at your house?"

"I've got fourteen people in my house; I can't take any more right now." 

"True. True." Tippy snorted. "Better you than me. At least I get to send them on their way when they're done in the city. Alright, head up, third door on the right."

"What about my drink?" Tawdry jerked her head towards a chair. "I see a spot."

"Right." Elunara nodded. "A drink for me and my friend. So I can break her brain before I ship her back to Booty Bay." 

After some time, several drinks, and a hell of a lot of explanation later, Tawdry slammed her cup on the table. "You're fucking crazy. I knew I liked you. All those dicks, all those bodies, damn. I'm almost jealous. And QUEEN! Fuck you, bitch."

Elunara laughed and tugged the cup away from Tawdry's hands. "You should meet them, it's even crazier when you see what I've been living with."

"By damn if I won't." Tawdry stood up and swayed. "Lead the way!" She hiccupped. "I'm slightly fucked, I think."

"Follow me, you tipsy twit. You won't believe husband number one."

Down at the yard, Tawdry licked her lips. "Oh. My. Damn." 

"Isn't he magnificent?"

"And your son." Tawdry nodded. The pair of them make my head swim."

Elunara laughed. "That's not all that's making your head swim. You're losing your tolerance for alcohol."

"I think you tricked me." Tawdry snorted. "I do not get sloshed on that few." 

"Apparently, you do. Then again, Tippy has the good stuff from Draenor. That shit can knock out dwarves."

"You did trick me, you bitch!"

Shaking her head, Elunara gazed out lovingly at Grogek. "Either way, no one expects the size of my beautiful husband."

"You've changed." Tawdry murmured. 

"I have." Elunara sighed. "When you knew me, I didn't care about jack shit. Now, I love. I love so much it hurts."

---- 

Sitting on her cart, Tawdry grinned down at Elunara. "If you're ever in Booty Bay... stay the hell away from my johns." 

Elunara laughed. "I'll try to keep my grubby hands to myself."

Tawdry smacked the ass of her cart driver. "Get us home, hot stuff."

Once they had left, Elunara headed back down to the yard and just stood there watching Grogek. He noticed her but didn't stop his instructions until designated break time. Wandering over to her, he licked his lips. "You look... hungry."

"I want to suck your balls until you explode in my hair, then fuck you dry. Care to put words into action?"

Grogek's eyebrow shot up as he grinned. "I can't argue with that."

In the bedroom, Grogek laid on the bed, his hands buried in Elunara's hair. True to her word, she had one of his balls in her mouth, sucking, as she stroked the length of him. Her thumb stroked little circles under the edge of his tip, driving him wilder. Sucking gently, she tugged a ball into her mouth, rolling it around, before moving to the other side and sucking harder. Back and forth she moved her mouth, stroking with her hand. Grogek groaned, tugging at her hair. When he finally gave in to her torture, she giggled and pulled away. 

When he released her hair, she wiggled forward, crawling over his body. Bucking her hips, she took him into her wet center, rocking back and forth. "Mm, you're always so beautiful." 

"Woe be to me if anyone heard you say that." He grinned up at her hovering above him, her hips working him slowly, almost painfully.

"But you are. Those gorgeous blue eyes..." She rubbed her fingers across his lips. "That large lip. Those fascinating fangs that drive me wild..." She licked one fang, then the other. "That beautifully tanned skin. Who knew I could find an orc so beautiful?" She sat up, taking his hands into hers, still rocking, still sliding up and down on him. 

"We are a strange pair." He grinned down at her. "Who would imagine I'd find this little fiery night elf so amazing? Your beauty, your strength..." He ran his hands down her belly, sliding his fingers down to those damp hairs, before sliding under playing with her folds around his dick. "Your... appetite."

In one swift movement, her shoved her over and pinned her against her bed, his dick still buried inside her. He played with those damp folds, groaning as he began to pump his hips. In and out he dragged himself, over and over, building up speed as he slammed against her. 

She grabbed at the sheets, gasping and writhing. "Give it to me."

One fist on the mattress, he grabbed her hip and held on as he worked himself into a frenzy, growling as he exploded inside of her. Collapsing on top of her, he buried his face into her shoulder. With a lick to that sensitive spot, he grinned. "You drive me wild."

"Mm, should I release you back to the yard?"

"Hell, Darguni can handle it for the day." Grogek grinned down at Elunara. "You promised to wring me dry."

"Good deal." 

--- 

A couple of hours later, Elunara licked the sweat off of Grogek's neck. 

"Enough, woman. I can't feel parts of my body." 

"But you're so tasty." She giggled. 

"I can't even lift my arm to push you away."

She licked him again. "Liar. If you could be broken so easily, you need more training."

He twitched away. "I've been training all day, then you work me over completely. I'm tired."

"Good, then you can't argue with me."

Wary, he eyed her. It was some effort, but he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her face to his. "Why? What brought this on?"

"Well, other than staring at you today... which is often enough..."

"Tell me."

"Someone shot an arrow at my head. I never figured out who, or why."

Grogek struggled to sit up. "What?!" 

"I'm fine, I'm fine. But, I wanted you to know. I also didn't want you freaking out on me. I still have to tell everyone else... everyone might be a target, or maybe it was just me."

"Gods damn it, Elunara." 

"Seriously, it's practically new. Most people try to kill my loved ones first, me last. Trying to kill me first is..." Elunara's ears twitched. "Great, someone is at the door. I'll be right back."

"Elunara... we will discuss this." Grogek growled. 

"Let me send away whoever and then we'll discuss it."

Downstairs, Elunara yanked open the door. She blinked at Varian. "Why are you here right now?"

"We have a problem. Can you put on some clothes, please?"

"It must be serious if you ask me that. Hold on, follow me. I need to talk to you anyway." 

Varian eyed her but followed along behind her up the stairs. "I didn't think you took your clients upstairs."

"Grogek is upstairs. No clients today, I told you that."

"Ah, forgive me. I saw the sign."

"Of course." 

Grogek's eyebrow shot up. He was sitting on the edge of the bed. "I thought I heard you."

Elunara started putting on her clothes. "Sorry, Sugarbear, duty calls." 

"Fuck duty." Grogek growled. "Tell him." He gestured to Varian.

Varian eyed the naked, angry orc. "Tell me what?"

Elunara sighed and pulled up her pants. "Someone shot an arrow at my head this morning while I was sweeping."

"And you're just telling me NOW?" Varian glared at her. "We have a real problem here." 

"How is she not a "real problem"?" 

"She is part of it." Varian gestured. "I've just gotten reports of three different nobles. Two throats slit, one shot in the chest with an arrow." 

With a yank of her shirt, Elunara closed her eyes and sighed. "Shit."

"Yes, shit." Varian crossed his arms. "Someone is killing nobles. You, as much as you like to argue, happen to be one." 

Raking her fingers through her hair. "I finally get you in my bedroom and it's a disaster."

"Elunara..." Grogek started. 

"This is not funny." Varian glared. 

"I'm sorry." She rubbed her fingers over her eyes. Her head hurt. A lot. "I will figure out what's going on. My family needs warned. As much as THEY hate it, they are also in the noble class." Pacing back and forth, she bent down and scooped up Grogek's pants. "It's always some damned thing or another. I swear to Elune." She tossed the pants at Grogek. Putting her hand on his shoulder and shot him full of her energy. "Well, let's-" Her ears twitched. "What now?"

Jordan jogged in. "Hey, Baby, I... Oh, hey Varian. Wow, baby. You finally got him in here, did ya?"

"Not the way I want." She snorted. "I may have you all here, but only because someone tried to kill me today."

"And that's different from...?" Jordan laughed. His grin slowly dropped off. "Wait, you're serious?"

"Three nobles have been assassinated in the city, and someone tried to put an arrow through my brain this morning." Elunara's eye twitched with a certain violence. 

"Other than trying to challenge you, since when do people try to openly assassinate you? You're too hard to bring down and everyone prefers softer targets."

"That's what I said. Anyway, we're going to have to go around warning everyone we care about. You know how THAT goes." Elunara shook her head. "What did you need, Sugar?"

"Mom's downstairs. I wanted to know if you'd have dinner with us at Tippy's. I can tell her no." 

"Don't worry about it. We can gather everyone and harass Tippy. Besides, if we can convince Sugarlove here to join us, Tippy will wet herself with joy." She winked. 

Varian frowned. "Fine. I don't see another choice."

Elunara slid her arms around Varian's neck. "Sugarlove, I know how you feel, but it's just one little meal. You can say no."

Varian ran her hands over her ass. "For you, I'd walk through hell." 

---- 

"What if you didn't have to?" Emaline was tucked safely away in her bed, and Elunara sat on the royal bed, watching Varian stow away the pieces of his armor. 

"Have to what?" 

"Walk through hell for me?" 

Down to his pants and shirt, he eyed Elunara warily. "Is this an attempt to distract me from the fact someone tried to put an arrow through you?"

"No, and yes." She stood up and walked over to him, placing her hands on his cheeks, she stared into those blue eyes. "What if, when you pass, I am able to harness your soul and keep it with me. Until I could find you another body. What if you never have to leave me, never have to find that walk through hell." 

Varian jerked his head back, his eyes wide, his mouth slightly gaped. "Are you out of your mind?" His voice was horrified. 

Elunara bit her lip, fighting the tears that threatened to come. "I'm sorry. I just... I had this idea the other day. That maybe I wouldn't have to part with the people I love. That... I could offer them this way of staying by my side. I've already offered it to Grogek. I hoped you would join me." 

"Elunara, that sounds absurd. To harness my soul? To give me someone else's body?"

"It would just be for a little while. War is all around us. All I would have to do is find a battle and a suitable body, heal them to completion and replace their empty vessel for yours. You would continue to be by my side, and you would never have to pass on to the nether." A single tear managed its escape. 

"Elunara..."

"Please, just think about it?" She cupped his face again, tracing the light scarring over his cheek with her thumb. "It kills me every moment I think of you dying. Every moment it occurs to me that I will live longer than you." 

With a sigh, he pulled away and raked his fingers through his hair. Pacing away, he turned to look at her over his shoulder. "How long? How often? Am I to be a toy for you?"

She gasped as if struck. "I would never! Varian, I love you. I just want to be with you. I would only do it as long as you say, as often as you say. Imagine, seeing our grandchildren." She whispered the last. "We will see Emaline grow, but for how long? Will you see her children? I doubt you'll see their children. At some point, my healing shots will fail. At some point I will be unable to keep all of you going. It would be the best answer to find you new bodies. Young ones. I see teenagers die in battle every day. A body, wasted. A soul lost. What if you could start again? What if you could see our kingdom grow with every passing generation? No one has to know. Everyone knows I can't keep my immortal hands to myself..." 

Varian watched her carefully, each word, each breath taken in. He turned to her and frowned. Walking back, he ran his hands over her arms. "I will... I will consider it. But, only for you."

Elunara released the breath she had been holding. Choking on a sob, she buried her face in his neck. "That's all I ask."

Slowly, gently, Varian pulled her up, laying his lips against hers, brushing, teasing, pressing in until their mouths mated together, and their tongues explored the textures and tastes of those inner caverns. Sliding her hands up his chest, around his neck and behind his head, she melded her body to his. One hand travelled up into that long purple hair, soft as a cloud, while the other one slid down her back and into the back of her pants. He cupped her ass, pulling her tight against him, as his hips crushed against hers. His fingers tangled into that long hair, tugging her back, even as he followed her, unwilling to break the contact. 

She tugged at the hair band holding up his ponytail and snapped it free. When his hair cascaded down into her fingers, she tangled up into it, pulling him down with her. With a little growl, she bit his upper lip. He jerked free with a gasp. Not content to quit, she dove for his mouth again, leaving little nips along the edge of his lips, the upper, then the lower, pressing in again until they were nearly breathless from it. He returned the nips, giving bite by bite. 
