 "You know the one thing I regret about Draenor?" Elunara was stretched out across the bed, her head hanging off the end as she watched her family get ready for bed.

"You have a regret?" Grogek blinked down at her upside-down face. 

"Hah. Hah." Elunara grinned up at him. 

"This should be good." Tulani was sitting at her desk sewing a small bit of fabric. 

Jordan leaned against the door and cocked his head to the side. "There is no possible way of knowing what the great Goddess Elunara could ever regret."

"Hey now, I have them occasionally." 

Susan added some light touches to her painting. "Now, now. Everyone regrets something in their life. No matter how perfect it may be."

"Well, now we're on pins and needles, my love. Tell us, what could you regret in Draenor?" Grogek grinned at Elunara. 

"That I didn't get to fuck all those pretty orc dicks in Grommash's stronghold." 

"I thought you did that." Jordan made a face. 

"No. I sucked them, I gave them hand jobs, I manipulated their bodies to get my art, but I never got the chance to actually fuck any of them. It was my full intention to fuck every damned one of them, penis after penis..." She stretched and flipped over. "But, I laid my eyes on a prize, and I went after it. I told Grogek then, I'm telling you now. I never got all the orc dick I wanted from that silly place."

"I remember that." He murmured. "You... intrigued me. This wanton whore who hadn't fucked any of them. That confused me. Threw me off. Unsettled me." A grin crept across his face. "Wanted me that badly, huh?"

"You have NO idea." 

Jordan laughed and shook his head. "I'll be damned."

"I still can't believe you some days." Susan sighed. "To want... that..."

"Honey, I love me some orc dick. Nice, filling size. Hard pounding, mmmm. I'm getting horny now."

"When are you not horny?" Tulani, Jordan, and Grogek all said in one voice. The trio looked at each other and began to laugh. 

"I'll agree to filling..." Susan blushed. "But I'll settle for one orc's... thing, thank you very much."

"I love how innocent you still are after all this time." Elunara winked. 

"Because I only want one?"

"Because you can't say dick, penis, or swear words." With a laugh, Elunara got on all fours. "Speaking of dick... any volunteers?"

"Since it was orc you were wanting, it is orc you will get." Grogek grinned. 

"You know it's always available to you, baby." Jordan pushed away from the door frame and made his way over to the bed as he unbuttoned his pants. 

Susan blushed and focused on her painting, while Tulani eyed the trio with interest. 

"Want a go before I demolish my husbands?" Elunara winked at Tulani.

Tulani waved a hand. "I'm more interested in watching what they'll do to you." 

"Fair enough." Elunara reached out and took a dick in each hand. "Before that, though. I want these in my mouth." Moving her head to the side, she slipped her mouth over the tip of Grogek's dick as she began to run her hand up and down Jordan's. Bobbing her head up and down, she began to take in the length of Grogek, even as she stroked and squeezed on Jordan's dick. Freeing her mouth, she moved to Jordan, sucking on the tip while stroking Grogek. Pulling them to her, she licked up between the pair of dicks, sliding the edge of her tongue on both tips. Together, she pulled the pair of them in her mouth and sucked on the tip.

"Ah, baby, you know how that weirds me out when you do that." Jordan gasped.

Elunara giggled. "Oh Jordan, you're so squeamish. It's just a little dick touch."

Grogek laughed. "Doesn't bother me a bit, little man." 

"Only cause you're twice my size. You probably can't even feel me." Jordan muttered. 

"I feel plenty." Grogek slapped Jordan on the back. 

Elunara purred as she returned to licking and sucking on both dicks, sometimes one at a time, others at the same time. She teased and taunted, sliding her tongue up one dick, to the other, and down. She juggled both of their balls in her hand. Stroking Jordan, she turned and sucked on Grogek. Trailing little kisses up and down the enormous dick, she switched and did the same to Jordan as both men groaned and grabbed at her ears and hair. "Now that I've gotten you all worked up, it's time you work on me." She winked.

"Challenge accepted." Both men said, as each one grabbed her under the arm and hauled her up. 

"Front or back?" Grogek grunted. 

"I'll take front." Jordan slid his fingers through Elunara's short, wet hairs. "She drives me mad enough." 

"Point taken." Grogek laughed, as he slid his wet dick into Elunara's backside. 

"Hey Mom, can I..." Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked over at the door. Darguni slapped a hand over his face. "Sorry, sorry, the door was open. Um," He glanced between his fingers. "Yeah. Can I speak to Momma Susan for a moment... outside?" 

Susan blinked at Darguni for a moment, before peeking over at the trio frozen in place. "Of course." She scooted out of the door and pulled it shut behind her. 

"I didn't say you could stop." Elunara said just as the door closed. 

Darguni rolled his eyes at the door and pointedly stared at Susan. "Momma Susan, I needed to ask you about Tina."

"Oh, no, what did she do NOW?"

"Well," He rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't know exactly. You see, I thought she said she was dating Arian's daughter, Elizabeth? But I spoke to her this morning, and she told me she's straight and she's not even Tina's friend. I asked if she had a sister, and she got annoyed at me. Told me I was crazy. Do you know anything about that?"

"I..." Susan blinked at Darguni and put a hand to her chest. "You know, I don't know a single thing about the girl. I mean, I know what she looks like, and I know Tina moved out just last week to be with her, but I haven't seen hide nor hair of Tina since. I just figured Zelinnia has her worked to the ground, as usual." 

"Hmm." Darguni chewed on his lip. "Well, when you see her, you should ask. Something doesn't feel right." 

Darguni made his way downstairs, lost in thought. Opening the door to his bedroom, he blinked at his wife. With one leg on the bed, and the other foot touching the floor, she was sprawled across the bed, naked and grunting as she reached between the headboard and the bed.

Grinning to himself, he quietly closed the door and pulled himself free of his pants. Tiptoeing over to Lydia, he grabbed her hips and slid into that wet center. She yelped and banged her head into the headboard. Rocking his hips back and forth, sliding in and out, he laughed. "Don't mind if I do."

"Darguni!" Lydia struggled to get purchase on the bed but flailed around instead. Grabbing the sheets, she moaned. "Darguni, I'm trapped, I can't..."

"I think I like you like this." He grabbed her upper leg and wrapped it back around his side, thrusting harder into that tight confine. Dragging his dick in and out, he began to ramp up speed, slamming against her, his balls tapping against her front. His other hand he slid down and began to tease that hard nub. She gasped and moaned, shivering against his attentions. His fingers slid down around his dick, playing with those little folds, before returning his thumb to that delicate nub. Thrusting harder, he clung to her leg like the desperate while she called his name. 

When she shook and shivered, he released with her. Pulling free, he grabbed her by the waist and hauled her up. "What WERE you doing?"

"Ugh, you're such a man. I was trying to get my hairbrush; it fell behind the bed."

"And you didn't reach under it?"

"My boobs are too big to get under that dumb bed, plus I could almost reach it from where I was."

Rolling his eyes, Darguni deposited Lydia on the floor and lifted the bed. "Grab your brush, silly."

Lydia scrambled to get under the bed and grab the offending object. Darguni watched her naked ass with interest. Eying him, Lydia stood up and poked him with the brush. "Don't you start again."

"I can't help if my wife is delicious."

"Yes, well, I'm dripping down my leg."

"Not nearly enough." He grinned, as his dick twitched. "I've got more to give."

"Oh, really?" Lydia ran the back of the brush up the length of him. Laughing as his twitch, she stooped down. "Why can I never resist this?" She slipped her mouth over the tip.

"I hope you never do." He groaned, burying his fingers in her hair. 

--- 

On another day, Lulu and Nara walked hand in hand up to the warlock training area. 

"Remember, no matter what he says, you cannot punch William." Lulu tightened her grip on Nara's hand. 

Nara lifted Lulu's hand to his mouth and kissed the back of it. "I already promised. Twice." 

"I know, I know, but you know how I worry." 

"My beautiful wife, I'll walk through hell for you, and I'll not punch an asshole in the mouth if you tell me not to."

"William isn't an asshole... he's... misguided."

Nara shook his head. "Sure."

Lulu sighed and looked around. "We've been over this. We find William and let him know..."

"That you are my wife. Mine." Nara stopped and took both of Lulu's hands into his own. "I love you. I know what you want me to do. I know what I'd rather do, but that's neither here nor there."

"Does HE have to be here?"

Nara and Lulu turned and looked at William. William frowned the pair, the misery evident on his face. No one noticed William's follower hiding in the shade. 

"William, we need to talk." Lulu stepped forward, sliding her hands free of Nara. "This... crush you have on me; it'll never amount to anything." 

"It's not a crush! I love you!" William stomped his foot.

Nara took a deep breath, but Lulu held up a hand. "William, if you truly loved me, you'd let this go. You know I love Nara; you know I am not my mother. I cannot love, nor share my body with anyone other than the man I love. Why can't you just let me be happy?"

"But you're not happy." William gestured to Nara. "You can barely touch the man without trying to kill each other. Look at the scars on your arms. Is that love?"

"That was an accident!" Lulu gasped. Composing herself again, she smoothed down her skirt. "William, it was an accident. You must see that. You must know that. Everyone else recognizes this, why can't you?"

"You and I were meant to be. We're born of the same cloth. We're both warlocks, we both have the same powers, the same bodies. We were the results of succubus' influence. He... he's just a dumb paladin. Pure and chaste. Chaste... can't you see? To practice HIS craft he would have to give up on you and any other female."

Nara rolled his eyes. "It doesn't work that way. I've already spoken to my trainer, and he told me that my relationship was unorthodox, but not allowed." With a snicker, Nara tugged on a lock of Lulu's hair. "Told me I might be able to purge the darkness from one who desired it." 

"Really?" Gasped Lulu. "That would be..." Her eyes glazed over as she looked at Nara. "That would be beautiful."

"Purge her?!" William growled. "Are you even listening to this? He wants to make you into something you are not. To deny you a part of who you are."

"Have you ever listened to me?" Lulu cocked her head to the side and eyed William with renewed curiosity. "From the moment my powers manifested, I told you I didn't want them. I hate being a warlock, I even refuse to summon one of our most powerful pets. What part of "who I am" is being a warlock other than what I have denied myself? I've quit the training, and I'll quit the training again once I have control." She wrapped her arms around herself. "To be purged of this darkness. To finally have it gone..."

"But..." William felt the tears prick at his face. "We are alike. We are the only ones alike. No one else knows what we go through, no one else is there... no one else is there for me."

Lulu blinked at William. "Is that what this is about?" She whispered. "You're being so difficult because you feel lonely? What about Lunari?" 

William wiped his face. "What does Lunari have to do with anything?"

"Haven't I seen you with her lately? You sit outside of the mage tower together. I see you together after class, I see you walk home together."

"So?" William snorted.

A gasp had them all turning. Lunari bolted out of the shadows and ran away. 

"Lunari!" Lulu gasped as she took off after the girl. 

Nara grabbed William by the shirt. "You are an asshole." He growled, even as he bunched his other fist. 

Lunari might have had a head start on Lulu, but Lulu had her father's speed and caught up with Lunari easily. "Lunari! Wait!" She grabbed the other girl by the arm. 

"Go away!" Lunari yanked out of Lulu's grasp. "He loves you, not me."

"Lunari, William doesn't know what the hell he wants or needs." 

Lunari buried her face in Lulu's shoulder and cried. "I just... I just want..."

"You want William. I know. But he's thick. He's just... misguided." Lulu stroked Lunari's hair. "William and I have been close since we were babies, but not that close. He imagines more than there is. I think... I think that because his birth is so outside of everything normal that he feels outside of everyone else. I think that if you confessed your feelings to him, made him understand what he means to you that he'd see he's not so alone."

Lunari lifted her head and wiped her tears. "You think?"

"I think I understand William now. What he said just now, it made everything click into place. He wants someone like me, but I think he'd be happier with you. You actually care for him in the way that matters. He's just my little brother. Sure, I'm only a week older than him, but it's obvious to me that I'm more mature, that I must take care of him. Please, Lunari, come back with me. Speak with William. Tell him he's not alone, that you want to be with him. Show him the compassion and love he truly needs." 

"Al-alright." Lunari nodded. 

Lulu took Lunari's hand and led her back to the clearing. 

Nara still had William by the shirt, screaming in his face. When he spotted Lulu, he let go and backed away. "I didn't hit him. I promised."

Lulu smiled. "Thank you, my love." Turning to William, Lulu took one of his hands and placed Lunari's hand in it. "Lunari wants to speak to you." She stepped back. 

"William... I..." Lunari took a deep breath. "I think I love you. I want to be with you. I want to be there for you when you cry, I want to be the reason you laugh. I want to see you first thing in the morning and the last thing at night. I know that we haven't been hanging out together for very long, but that's only because I've been so shy and you've been so in love with Lulu. When Lulu and Nara finally decided to get married, I felt like it was my chance, so I've been taking it. Every moment I spend with you is what I hoped. Even when you're sad over Lulu, even when you kind of ignore me, I am happy just being by your side."

All was silent, not even the wind spoke for several moments. "Lunari..." William whispered. 

"Yes?"

"Why?" 

Lunari smiled and shook her head. "I haven't figured that part out yet. But I will. We can discover it together."

"This is exactly what I'm talking about." William turned to Lulu.

"What?" Lulu blinked at William. 

"She can't possibly know anything about me." He gestured at Lunari. "She probably only cares about me because of that succubus taint. I'm not a damned incubus. You can resist me, so I know you aren't affected, that's why I know you're perfect, and she... she's just Lunari."

Lunari recoiled as if struck. Tears streamed down her face fresh and new. Turning on her heel, she fled. 

"You really are an asshole." Lulu gasped. "I can't believe you. I can't believe how twisted and warped your mind is. Here this woman is professing herself to you, and just because she can't come up with a satisfactory answer, she only wants you because of our succubus taint? That's like saying Nara is the same way."

"Is he not?" William shouted. "He only wants you because you're beautiful! He knows nothing about you, he knows nothing about us. We were destined to be together; I was born for you!"

"NO, YOU WERE NOT!" Lulu shook with the force of her rage. Her tenuous control on her endless well of patience finally snapped. "You are a complete pain in my ass! I MARRIED NARA RENWA!"

At this point, people heard the commotion and began to peer out from the various houses and schools. 

"I AM MARRIED! I WILL NEVER MARRY YOU! Get that through your stupid, Goddess be damned, thick head! Lunari loves you, Lunari does not have to be near you to want you. If you were really so deeply tainted that you were an actual incubus, she would never leave your side, she would not be dealing with her heart break. She would be your slave, not trying to make you feel better, she'd be blowing fluff up your ass, clinging to you desperately, to the point you'd have to yank her off. If you want to know what worship is, talk to my mother. Lunari wants to love you, not worship you, you stupid, arrogant, ASSHOLE!" Lulu shrieked. 

Nara had stepped back as Lulu flailed her arms, trying to not be hit. His eyes were wide, and the hairs on his body stood on end. Lulu was shooting sparks of energy left and right and he was trying to not be hit by her arms or her power. "Lulu..."

"WHAT?"

"You might want to... uhh, calm down a hair."

"Calm down? CALM DOWN? Did you HEAR what he said?" She jerked a finger towards William. 

"Sweetheart, you're going to..."

"I'm going to what?" She put her hands on her hips. 

"Hurt someone." 

Lulu shook her head. "I may be angry, but I don't hit people when I'm mad."

"Not intentionally..." Nara winced. "But, your power might." 

"Oh." Lulu seemed to deflate. Closing her eyes, Lulu took a deep breath, trying to get her temper back under control. Turning on her heel, she glared at William. "You. You will get your head out of MY ASS and think long and fucking hard about how you treated Lunari today and how she's treated you all this time. She's been with you, and I have not. She just confessed herself to you, and I have not. I don't want to see you right now. I'm going to class, and I am going to do my schoolwork, but if you speak to me, I'll show you what power looks like."

"I..."

Lulu turned to Nara. "I won't touch you right now, because I can't trust my power, but I love you, and I'll see you after class." She stormed off.

Nara eyed William. "I had to promise to not punch you. I think Lulu did a way better job than I could."