 Elunara grabbed her board and made her way through the city. Making her way past the Grove, she found the cottage she was looking for tucked away at the farthest point from the main city. Letting herself in, she looked around at the simply furnished one room building. Not finding her target, she stepped out the back door and found him kneeling in the dirt. Crossing her arms, she leaned on the railing, as she crossed her legs. 

"Your garden is coming along nicely, Sunwood."

He did not look up. "Hello, Elunara." With deft fingers, he pulled a small weed out from under a leaf of a peacebloom. 

"You have quite the selection going."

"Some of your kinder citizens have started trading me seeds and cuttings." 

"I'm especially fond of the color you got out of your starflowers." 

Sunwood glanced over his shoulder. "Why are you here, Elunara?"

"Am I not allowed to come for a visit?" Elunara straightened up. 

"You only come to me when you have a strange request." Sunwood wiped his hands together and stood up.

"Hmm." Elunara considered him. "You may be right about that, but not this time." She shook her head. "I had the urge to draw today. I wanted to draw you."

"In the usual way?" He put his hands on his hips.

"Hey, it's me. But if you don't want the usual treatment, that's fine, but I haven't gone drawing a Tauren in absolute ages." She pulled off her board and leaned it against the railing. "Please?"

"I'd prefer to do it inside, if you don't mind."

Elunara nodded. "I always honor requests."

As he stood in the center of his home, Elunara sat on his bed sketching. He had pushed his one table and chair to the side so he could stand in the center. She worked quietly, focusing on the pattern in his fur, the soft light, and the shape of his body. He asked no questions and turned when she gestured. 

By time he turned back around, he was fully relaxed. "I do miss..."

"Miss?" Elunara continued her sketches, focusing now on his face. 

"Contact with other people." Sunwood scratched the back of his head. "I have no people, I have no one to speak with, no one to touch..."

Elunara put her board to the side and slid off the bed. Walking over to him, she reached up and placed her hand on the side of his face. "You can come to me." 

"You. Have a family."

"I. Am a whore." She laughed. "Come to me for all your needs."

"You would be a relief, but not a solution." He shook his head. 

"Then let me give you a little relief." Elunara slid her other hand down his furry chest and to his loincloth. Slipping her hand under the loincloth, she found his bare dick starting to harden. 

"For now." He whispered. 

She pushed the cloth back, exposing his hardening dick to the air. Stroking her fingers up and down the length of him, she watched the furry part slide backward and expose his white smooth dick to her touch. Stooping down, she began to stroke his massive furry balls, massaging and kneading them in her hand. She licked the flat tip of his penis, before wrapping her mouth around the tip and lightly sucking. He reached down and gripped her hair lightly with one hand, moaning under her attention. She began to move her mouth up and down, taking him in little by little. Soon she was moving quickly taking large amounts of him until he was in her throat. He grabbed her head more tightly and began to rock his hips with her, shoving himself in. When he finally gave way, she near choked with it. 

Elunara wiped her mouth off and grinned up at Sunwood's face. "I guess the hooves give you better stability than most."

He laughed. "You are a strange one." 

Standing up, she turned and went back to the bed, sitting down, she picked up her board again. "Taurens have such interestingly shaped dicks." She sketched on her board. 

"I wish you could find me a mate. Bring someone here for me."

She shrugged. "There might be options. I just have to start looking around."

"Here?" He scoffed. "Here I am an oddity, a sideshow attraction. No woman would have me. No woman would give up Thunder Bluff or the plains of Mulgore to be with me." 

"Don't count yourself out so fast." Elunara winked. "Let me see what I can do."

-- 

Elunara made her way up to Tippy's inn. "Yo, Tippy, where's Tammy?"

"Last I heard, she hangs out at the training yard, flirting with anything with a dick." Tippy snorted. 

"Thanks, Tips." 

At the yard, Elunara found Tammy giggling with Ryan. Cocking an eyebrow, Elunara silently made her way into ear shot. 

"Oh, you're so funny." Tammy swatted Ryan on the shoulder.

Ryan rubbed the back of his neck and blushed. "Sure, if you say so. Oh, sorry, there's Katie. I want to go see how she's doing, ok? I'll talk to you later."

Ryan jogged off and Tammy watched him for a moment, her eyes ever watchful, before turning to the yard and looking for another target. 

"Tammy!" Elunara called. 

Tammy turned her expression on a dime and looked bashful and demure. "Your majesty, how are you today?"

"I'm well. I had an idea for you. At the edge of the city is my friend Sunwood. He's looking for a mate. Maybe you'd be a good fit."

"Sunwood? Mate? Odd name." 

"Sunwood is a Tauren. He needs someone a little more... durable, someone who can handle him. I was thinking with your experience..."

"Oh, no. No." Tammy held up her hands as if to ward Elunara off. "You see, I only catered to human males. I knew some girls who liked the exotic tastes, but not me. I wanted a human." 

"Hmm." Elunara tapped her fingers on her hip. "Alright. I'll keep looking for you."

Tammy smiled nervously. "With all respect, I'd rather look for myself. Thank you for the inn room, and the protection, but that's more than enough for me for now." 

"Suit yourself." Elunara waved a hand and wandered over to Susan on the platform. "Hey, Suzie Q, I have a question."

"What is it, sister of mine?"

"That Tammy girl, what's your impression?"

Susan looked up at the girl in question. "That she'd like your job and be no good at it."

"Which one?"

"The Whore, of course." Susan smiled serenely.

Elunara snorted a laugh. "Why Susan, how delightfully catty of you."

"I cannot tell a lie."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "But somehow say the word "whore"?" 

"Well, that IS your favorite title, is it not?" Susan dipped her brush in her paint and added fine detail to her painting. 

"You've got me there." Elunara waved to Grogek and motioned for him to continue with what he was doing. Pulling out her board, she climbed on the platform and sat down. "I feel like drawing the yard today."

Susan glanced over at the drawings already on the board and blushed. "And Tauren... thingies too."

"Ah, there's the innocent Susan I love. Yes, I went and drew some Tauren dick today." 

"Do they really look like that?" 

Elunara flipped to a clean sheet of paper. "Yes, yes they do. Looking to try it on?" She winked.

"Noooo, thank you. I've got all I need."

-- 

Days later, Katie finished her lunch and took her bowl up to Tippy's counter. "Thank you, it was delicious as always."

Tippy took the bowl and sighed. "How many times do I have to tell you, you don't bus your own table around here."

"Sorry, I'm so used to doing the cleaning myself." 

Tippy shook her head. "Well, if you want to be helpful today, could you make a delivery for me? We are absolutely swamped, and I don't want Sunwood to miss his lunch."

"Who?"

"Friend of mine and Elunara. Here, take him this basket." Tippy hauled up a basket from behind the counter. "Apologize for me."

"But, I have no idea where he is."

"You know where portal lake is, don't you?"

"Oh, yes." Katie cocked her head to the side and smiled wistfully. "It's amazing at night."

"Beyond that, head down the path to the embassy, and beside that you'll find the amphitheater, and behind that is the Grove. Past the grove on the far end to the edge of the mountain is a tiny cottage. Sunwood lives there."

"Wow, why ever would someone live so far away from everything else?" Katie hefted the basket.

"He likes his privacy. Can you handle that? If not, get a soldier from the yard to walk you down. Ryan might be lurking around here somewhere." Tippy put her hands on her hips. 

"Don't worry about me. I've been feeling extra perky lately. I think it's all this amazing food you've been filling me with. Katie giggled. 

Tippy grinned and blew a puff of air into her own bangs. "Gotta fatten you skinny humans up somehow. Only Pandarians and Kul Tirans have any heft to them. It can't be at all healthy." 

Katie laughed and made her way outside. Slightly surprised to not see Ryan at this time of day, Katie shrugged and began to follow Tippy's direction. Losing herself in the walk, she wished the basket was a little lighter so she could write all of her observations. As it was, she kept stopping to pull out her board and papers and write down descriptions. Little birds and squirrels and other critters caught her attention. The portal lake was just as beautiful as ever, and the embassy was even interesting to her. 

It occurred to her that the food might be getting cold, so she packed her things and took off running. Panting, she stopped at the door of the little cottage. She knocked, but no one seemed to answer. Confused, she sat the basket on the porch and started to walk away. 

"I am surprised you are late." A voice stopped Katie in her tracks. It was deep and booming, but almost quiet as a whisper at the same time. 

She turned around and stared. In nothing but a brown loincloth, a massive black furry body blocked her view. Stepping back, she looked up into his astonished face. 

"You're not Tippy." He finally managed. 

"You're a Tauren." Katie blinked up at him. "Oh, I'm sorry I was late with your food, Tippy will have my head."

Sunwood stared down at the blonde-haired beauty before him. She was frantically twisting her hands in a knot as she chewed on her bottom lip and stared at him with wide guileless blue eyes. "It is fine." He said at last. "I won't tell if you don't."

Katie grinned up at him. "Thank you."

Sunwood lifted the basket with one hand. "How a small thing like you brought such a basket is impressive. Perhaps you stopped to rest."

"Oh, well. Something like that." She fiddled with the strap across her chest.

It was then that Sunwood noticed the board on her back. "You draw like Elunara?"

"Oh, heavens no. I write. I'm writing a book for Elunara."

"What is it about?" 

"Well, I..." Katie blinked. "Oh, no." She whispered. 

He was all concern as she went pale. "Are you alright?" He caught her with one arm as her eyes rolled up and she pitched forward. Sitting down the basket, he laid her on the porch and examined her eyes. Concentrating on his healing arts, he ran his hands over her body. Satisfied she was still alive and had just fainted, he scooped her up and placed her on his bed. Going to his sink, he prepared a wet towel and laid it across her forehead. 

After a little while, she moaned and raised her hand to her forehead.

"Ah, you wake. I suspect I'll be having a conversation with Tippy about putting undo stress on you."

"Oh, please don't. It's just my stupid fainting spells. I'm alright, I swear, it's not Tippy's fault. It's the way I was born."

"It's just as well, she shouldn't have sent you down."

Katie struggled to sit up. "Don't... please don't tell her. Or anybody. I'm so sick of everyone worrying."

Sunwood looked into her eyes. "At least let me tell my friend Elunara, she is a powerful... wait didn't you say you were writing your book for Elunara?"

"I am."

"Does she know?"

"That I randomly pass out like a ninny? Yes."

"And she lets you roam free?"

"Hey, now." Katie was indignant. 

Sunwood chuckled. "If Elunara has deemed you well enough to be on your own, then I cannot stop you." He reached over a retrieved the board. "What is your book about?"

She took the board and held it to her chest. "It's about a girl from a small farm that goes to the big city and falls in love with a knight. That's about as far as I've gotten with it." 

"Interesting... and have you...?"

"Found a knight?" She shook her head. "Not so far."

Sunwood grinned privately. "I see."

"Don't make fun." Katie pouted. 

"I wouldn't dare."

Katie sighed. "Well, I've taken up enough of your time today. Thank you for taking care of me, but I really need to go work on my book."

He took her hand. "Stay a little longer, rest and write here."

Heat of embarrassment pushed its way into Katie's face. "I... I have to go." She wiggled out of the huge bed and bolted for the door. Pausing, she bowed to him. "Enjoy your lunch."

Sunwood watched her go with a frown. 

-- 

At the training yard, Katie buried her face in her hands as she sat between Susan and Elunara. "I've got to get this stupid fainting thing under control. I hate feeling so helpless and useless."

"You're not useless, and I know how distressing it is to feel helpless, but Elunara will figure something out." Susan reached over and rubbed Katie's shoulder.

"I'll start giving you daily energy shots." Elunara put a hand on Katie's other shoulder and concentrated her energy. "We'll target that thin blood, try to bolster you up. Maybe you'll be like my daughter Lydia and take on some of my power. Wouldn't that be nice?"

"I'd just like to stop passing out on random people. Your friend Sunwood was very nice to take care of me, but it's just so embarrassing to be this... charity case. I guess."

--

From deep in the heat of his dream, Sunwood jolted awake. Holding a hand over his face he panted and considered the context of his dream. That girl. He didn't even get a chance to find out her name. That glistening golden hair that caught the challenging rays of the roving sun. Those deep blue eyes that seemed to peer through his soul. Unperturbed is what she was. "You're a Tauren" a statement, not an accusation. 

Sunwood scrubbed his hands over his face trying to will away the dream. He hadn't touched her beyond getting her to safety, but how he had wanted to. Her scent was in his bed, and in his head. He had wanted to explore it further, to follow that scent up those dainty legs and to that heated center. He bet she tasted amazing. Rolling out of bed, he made his way to the back door. With a shove, he opened the door, hoping the smell of his garden would drown out the scent of her in his bed. 

Walking amongst his flowers, he found that spot in the clearing where he sometimes napped in the sun and dropped down on his knees. Instead of laying down as intended, he slipped his hand under his loincloth. His growing erection was making the tatter of cloth next to useless anyway. He grabbed one hand around his ever-growing dick and began to stroke. The scent of flowers filled his nostrils even as he imagined her scent buried among them. Up and down he stroked, in and out his imagination pushed him. Tight, that is what she would be. Tighter he squeezed, hoping to create what his mind could only grasp. 

One hand went down into the dirt and he grabbed a fistful of it. Pumping, snorting, struggling to keep pace with himself. Slow, that's what he'd have to be with such a delicate flower. He called out as he finally released into that grassy clearing. Panting, he dumped that fistful of dirt on to the result of his release. Collapsing in the clearing, he fell into a fitful slumber. 

-- 

Elunara sat in the office of the throne room and winced at the building contracts. She did not feel like dealing with these today, or any day, really. She had pushed this back too many times already and people needed houses to live in. There were disputes all over the kingdom that people wanted the King and Queen to deal with. She wanted to just set the whole thing on fire and watch it burn. Trying again, she pushed the papers around and tried to organize them. 

"Tired yet?" Varian bent over and brushed his lips against the top of her head. 

"Tired of Emaline yet?" Elunara winked. 

"Never. She's so precious and cute."

"Don't let her hear you say that; it'll just go to her head."

"Like it does her momma?" He winked. 

Elunara snorted. "You know me, praise and admiration just crawls up my butt like a dead bug." She pointed. "That child is more you, praise and admiration makes her more intolerable." She stuck her tongue out. 

"I am not intolerable."

"I've seen you preen." 

"I..." Varian yanked her chair out and her with it. "Do not "preen"." 

Elunara grinned up at him. "Oh, yes you do." She stuck her finger in the edge of his belt, unhooking it. "Let me show you."

"Mommy!" Emaline called out as she burst into the room. "I wanna go singing with sister Lydia!" 

"Alright, alright." Elunara sighed and stretched out. "Give me a minute, little bit." 

"So close." Varian whispered with a grin. 

"Tonight, sugarlove." Elunara stood up and stretched. "Come on, little bit, let's go singing."

"Yay!" Emaline threw her hands in the air and began to run around in circles.

Varian sighed. "Dump the contracts on me, why don't you?"

Elunara kissed his cheek. "Love you, dear."

He grabbed her by the waist. "Say that again."

"Dear?" She winked as she twisted out of his grasp. "Maybe tonight." Giggling, she danced away, and taking Emaline by the hand, led the way out of the office. 

Scooping Emaline up, she tucked the child on her shoulders and jogged down to the amphitheater as the child shrieked and giggled. 

At the amphitheater, Lydia had her little chorus going, using her finger to keep time, as she corrected and coached some of the younger singers. Some of the children stopped singing and bowed or curtsied. 

Lydia turned around. "Oh, hello, mother." 

"How's my grandkids?"

"Dargek, Lily, and Grogash are training at the yard, but everyone else is here, singing their lungs out. As well as my little class."

"I see you've picked up more since I saw you last."

Lydia smiled. "I'm getting paid well." 

Elunara made her way on the stage and placed Emaline by the other children. "Finally found your place?" She kissed Lydia on her temple. 

"Yes, yes I have. Parents pay me to teach their children to sing, and I do live concerts every Friday. You should come by more often."

"You know why I can't, little darling." Elunara brushed Lydia's hair out of her face. 

"I am aware."

"I'll try to make some more time... somewhere." 

Lydia shrugged. "That's more than I can really ask of you."

Elunara looked around at the scant audience. Most of the people she didn't recognize, she assumed they were parents of the children. Spotting Katie and Ryan sitting together, she grinned. The boy had hearts in his eyes and flitting around his head. Katie wasn't paying a bit of attention, just writing on in one of her journals while chatting casually. 

She started to call out, when a noise caught her attention, shoving Lydia out of the way, Elunara took an arrow to the arm. What little audience there was started panicking, yelling and running around. 

"SHUT IT!" Elunara yelled. Snapping the arrow off, she pulled the head through the other side of her arm and began to heal the wound. Emaline began to wail. Elunara crouched down and wrapped her arms around the little girl. "Shh, my baby, shh. Mommy's ok."

Lydia stared down at Elunara. "Again, you save me."

"Would you rather I not?"

"I'd rather you not HAVE to!"

Both Grogek and Darguni showed up at the same time. "One of the mothers said Elunara had been shot!" Grogek bounded up on to the stage and took Elunara's arms into his hands. "Where are you hurt?"

"It was just my arm. You know I'm more durable than that."

"Someone said the arrow was for Lydia." Darguni grabbed Lydia and began to look her over. 
