 120 years after Draenor / 105 after "Future"

The pretty, purple haired, night elf made her way across the battlefield, golden orbs surrounding her head. Picking her way across, she was careful to not step on the destroyed bodies. She stooped down and ran her hand over the body of a fallen orc. 

"Oh, what about this one, Sugarbear?" She focused her energy. "His wounds are minimal, his death quick. He died proud and honorable. His spirit has long passed." Reaching up, she took the glowing orb in her hand. "I think he's perfect. Will you try?" She pushed the light at the body. "I love you too." 

The orb entered the body, glowing brightly. She guided the orb's path and healed the corpse. With a groan, he stood up, staking his head. 

"Sugarbear?" She whispered, full of hope.

"It is me, my cunning she wolf." 

She threw herself at him. "Oh, FINALLY!" The golden orbs surrounded them, spinning furiously. "Yes, Yes, my loves. I will find you yours. Perhaps in this very field. Come, I see another hopeful corpse." She knelt at the corpse and ran her hands over it. "Oh, yes. This one is perfect too. She lived a good life, and her soul is with her family. Come, my Sweetness. Give it a chance." She held out the orb. "You have to be willing to try. I'd never force you to do anything." She sighed. "She is gone. Long since. If not this one, then she rots." She held out the orb again. Guiding its path, she waited. 

The corpse stirred to life and groaned. "This feels so weird."

The night elf giggled. "You have the body of a warrior. It would seem odd to you." She put her forehead to the other woman. 

Standing up, she roamed the field, trying to find what she wanted. "Ah! This one is perfect." She laid her hands on its back. "It even looks a little like you, Sugar." She held the orb. "Yes, yes. I know you were much more attractive. I'll work on that. But first, you have to accept it."

He gasped to life. "Gods, Baby. That is a trip." He raked his fingers through his hair.

She bounced up and down. "My family!" She sighed. "There are so many who have chosen to go in their normal time. However, I finally have my family as flesh again, and that's enough for me." She hugged each of them. "It might be strange to see these people-"

"HELP! HELP ME! PLEASE!"

She turned around and searched for a bit before she found the arm waving. 

"PLEASE! I KNOW YOU'RE THERE!"

Swiftly, she made her way over. A man crawled on his hands. His back and body were badly damaged, it was a small miracle he was even alive, let alone crawling for help. 

"Oh, you poor man." She knelt down and put her hands on his body, forcing her energy into him. 

He groaned in ecstasy as his body was healed to completion. He pulled himself up into a sitting position and eyed the other people. "Wait, I saw each of you die..." He shook his head and looked up at the pretty night elf. "I know you..."

"You do?" She cocked her head to the side. 

"I... READ about you. In the Stormwind Libraries." He stared at her. "I thought you a myth. The night elf goddess, who can heal any wound, save any soul she desires." 

"What is your name?" She stooped down and smiled at him. 

"Mitchell."

"Well, Mitchell... I really am that goddess."

The blonde man laughed. "Yeah, now you accept it."

"You always were a dickshit, Princeton." Mitchell snorted.

"That is no longer your Princeton." She stood up and put her hands on his shoulders. "It really will be confusing to people to see you acting not like yourselves." She concentrated her energy into the man. After a moment, his appearance changed completely. "There, now the outside matches the inside." She turned and repeated the process with the other two. 

Mitchell watched in baffled amazement. "What is going on here?"

"These three bodies were empty of their souls, passed on to the nether. I took them for my own, and gave them to my family." 

"That's... cool." He cocked his head to the side. "What are the lights above your head?"

"Other parts of my family that chose to leave their souls to me. Eventually, I will find them bodies as well, and when they die again, I will repeat the process until they tell me they no longer wish it. As I cannot die, it... hurts when they leave me. It is always their choice..." She sighed. "As it always will be. I will never take an unwilling partner; I will never do anything against their wishes. Those are the restrictions I have placed on myself."

"And we love you for it." The orc kissed her cheek. 

"So, an Orc, a Draenei and a Human?"

"Grogek," She placed a hand on his chest. "Was my first husband. Tulani," She put her hand on the Draenei's chest. "Was my first wife." She put her hand on the Human. "Jordan was my second husband." She smiled at the orbs and held her hands up. The orbs of light circled her hands. "These are all someone important to me. Due to their forms at the moment, I and only I can communicate with them. They stay with me always."

Mitchell stood up and planted his sword in the ground. He knelt. "Goddess, for saving my life, I pledge my soul to you. Please, allow me to be with you."

"Well, Mitchell... I can hardly say no to that." She brushed her hand on his cheek. She turned back. "What say all of you?"

Grogek laughed. "I have always said, you have enough love in your heart for whomever you allow in."

Tulani giggled. "Our family grows again."

Jordan kissed her cheek. "Of course."

She turned back. "Then I accept your request."

"Thank you, Goddess."

"Call me Elunara."