 Elunara fidgeted. She hated feeling fidgety. It just wasn't like her. The boys clung to her hips, while Grogek and Jordan stood behind her, as she held Tulani's hand. The town had already started breaking apart, taking much of the reusable wood with them. The past couple of months, Renwa had directed the paring down of the town, as people and objects were sent home. Many would stay in Stormwind, and even more would go to homes elsewhere. Most of her causal friends had already left, and not a child remained, other than her two, and Zelinnia's one.

"Momma, I'm scared." Darguni whispered. "What if I lose time?"

"Don't worry. You'll still be my brother." Bradly took Darguni's hand. 

Zelinnia stepped forward, Abigail on her hip. "I'm worried too." She put a hand on Darguni's head. "I don't know what will happen to me or my babies." She was hugely pregnant. 

"I have an idea, but I'm not sure it will work." Elunara put her hand on Darguni's head and the other grabbed Zelinnia's hand. Tulani shifted her hand to Elunara's shoulder. Closing her eyes, she focused all of her energy on making a large shield. The glowing wings sprang from her body, and the glowing shield grew around them. Opening her eyes, she nodded at the glow covering all of her family, and Zelinnia's. "Tulani, touch the portal."

They were pulled through, and all of them landed in Elwynn Forest, outside of Stormwind. 

Zelinnia put a hand to her mouth. "Ok, I may barf."

Both cats shook their heads and began grooming themselves.

"I didn't age!" Darguni held up his hands.

Elunara rubbed a hand on his head. "The real test will be if you age tomorrow." 

"Alright, momma." 

Bradly wrapped his arms around his brother. "It'll be alright."

Tulani was busy gawking at the sight of Stormwind laid out before her.

Grogek, Jordan and Renwa appeared shortly after. 

"Impressive." Grogek nodded. 

"Is everyone alright?" Elunara looked around. 

"We're in one piece, my love." Grogek nodded.

"Man, I was starting to think I'd never see this place again." Jordan put his hands on his hips. "I can't wait to show you around, brother." He grinned.

"It's still weird to hear you call him that." Renwa shook his head.

"Ah, I'm glad you all made it in one piece." 

Elunara smiled. "Looks like."

"I figured it best that I escort you all personally." Varian grinned. "An Orc and a Blood Elf might cause a bit of a stir." He winked. 

"Gee, you think?" Elunara snorted.

"Your things have all made it safely and have been put into your new houses."

Elunara kissed his cheek. "Thank you, Sweetie."

"If you'll follow me, I'm going to make an announcement in front of the keep. Knowing this lot, by time we get there, the entire city will be trying for a look."

Elunara took Grogek's hand and Tulani and Jordan fell in behind them. She held Darguni's hand, and Bradly took Darguni's other one. Zelinnia linked hands with Renwa, and the entire procession followed behind Varian. Predictably, people began showing up in droves to see the massive tan Orc and the Blood Elf. Once they were standing in front of the keep, out in front of the fountain, Varian stood in the center, while both families made their way on either side of him. He waited for a little while, as the crowd murmured and pointed. 

"Citizens of Stormwind," He began. "I present to you, the most unusual of circumstances. Today, I welcome into our city, two of the strangest families you will probably ever know. I begin first, with Admiral Renwa," Varian gestured. "A highly decorated officer of my army, and his wife, the Blood Elf, Zelinnia. As you may well be aware, this is their child Abigail, and they have one on the way. Zelinnia defected from the Horde and is now part of our Alliance and should be treated as such."

Renwa plucked Abigail out of Zelinnia's arms as she managed a curtsy. 

"Now, I turn my attention to the reason for this." Varian gestured at Elunara. "This is Elunara and her family. While Elunara's exploits are long, varied, and largely confusing..." Many laughed. "The end result is thus. She managed to convince an Iron Horde Orc to come to our side, and he, Grogek, has been training our men in Draenor, and is single handedly responsible for most of our victories there. I have made him a General in my army, and he will be taking over the training of our troops for future campaigns. Grogek the Orc is ONE of the husbands of Elunara the Night Elf. Their blood child is Darguni." Varian gestured to the boy. 

Darguni waved timidly.

"I should then mention Tulani, the Draenei tailor. Many women of Stormwind have been demanding her designs, and wishing for a fitting. You should all be glad to know that she has come to stay, and brings her skills to us. She is wife to Elunara."

Tulani bowed and smiled, but many murmurs went out across the crowd.

"Next, General Jordan, who is also a decorated officer in my army, has claimed his place as Elunara's second husband, and brother to Grogek. He has returned home to us, a proud soldier. Finally, there is Bradly, Elunara's human child. It is not yours to question his parentage, only to accept him as their family. They are joined as well, by two large cats, Yoona and Savage." Varian gestured as he spoke. "It is with great pride that I welcome both families into Stormwind city as citizens. I hope that you all welcome them as well."

The crowd murmured, trying to comprehend Varian's strange words.

"All of this is only possible due to Elunara herself and her strange ways. She is an artist, a former mission specialist, and Goddess."

"You wouldn't DARE!"

Grogek clamped his hand over her mouth and an arm around her waist. Jordan grabbed one arm and Tulani grabbed the other. She swore vividly into Grogek's hand.

Varian grinned. "And as you can tell, she has the temper of a viper." He shook his head and turned back to the crowd. "Many worship her as a goddess, and I'm certain you'll figure out why, eventually. Knowing her, she would prefer that I mention her businesses, rather than her many glowing qualities. She is an artist, who draws with such realistic ability, as to impress even me, and her work as a body recognition artist, has been the key point in allowing a soldier's body to be reunited with their loved ones. She also has a thriving business as an expert in all sexual endeavors."

The crowd gasped. 

He held up a hand. "For the sake of decency...

Elunara crossed her arms. "Prudes." She snorted.

"I will not describe what that all entails. However, she is not a prostitute, and will not be treated as such. She calls it a form of healing. I recommend you ask her personally. In any event, I gladly welcome our Goddess and all of her quirks."

Grogek clamped down on Elunara again. "Love... would you stop being a brat?"

She bit his hand. "I'll show you brat!"

"Oh, stop being a bitch." Zelinnia sighed. "Do you want to scare them off, or make the rest of us look bad? My existence in this city might rely solely on the image you project right this moment."

Elunara crossed her arms and growled. "Fuck you, Varian." She muttered low enough for only him to hear. 

He grinned. "I think I like seeing you flustered."

"I can't believe you fucking told them that."

"Come; let me show you your house. The workers were cussing and swearing at your couch."

Elunara stared at the huge building. "This?"

"The whole thing is yours." Varian nodded. "I know how much space you require. Feel free to modify it to your heart's content. I had them leave everything downstairs; I know how picky you can be."

She pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Thanks, doll." 

"Renwa and Zelinnia's house is nearby." 

Once they put their things in the rooms they wanted them, Elunara popped out her board and started working on design sketches.

"Momma?"

"Yeah, Bradly?"

"Can I get my pictures up?"

"Of course." 

She got the pictures of Bradly and his dad hung, and stepped back to admire her handiwork. "Not bad, eh?"

"Thank you, Momma." He hugged her. 

"Hey, Baby?" Jordan stuck his head in the room. "I'm going to take Grogek for a tour."

"Have at it, Sugar." She rubbed her hand on Bradly's head. "Go take Darguni for a run around."

"Okay!"

"What are you going to do?" Jordan raised a brow. 

"Take Tulani around."

Elunara walked hand in hand with Tulani. 

"This city is so big and confusing."

"You get used to it." 

"ELUNARA!" 

She was shocked by the woman wrapping herself around her. "Oh, hey, Jenny. How have you been?"

"It's been... overwhelming. I mean, we haven't been here a full month, so it's still kind of crazy."

"The time thing makes it difficult to keep these things in perspective."

"I saw your introduction. Varian really got you, didn't he?" She giggled. 

"Ugh. Don't remind me. Where's Mark?"

"Down at training." She sighed. "He's doing pretty well." Absently, she rubbed her belly. "It's been a strange adjustment, but I never really had friends in the first place."

"Well, you and Tulani are in the same place. You're both sort of timid when it comes to new people. So you can have each other." Elunara smiled. "Plus, Zelinnia's here now."

Jenny laid her head against Elunara's shoulder. "Thank you."

Tulani nodded. "I have no problem with that. The three of us are sort of strangers in this situation, but in the end, we all have Elunara, we've all came from our different situations, but we all have so much in common. I welcome a new friend." Tulani held out a hand. 

Jenny took it and smiled. "Friends."

"Oh, look. Tailor." Elunara tugged on Tulani's hand. 

"So SHE'S the one!" The woman put her hands on her hips.

"Yes." Eloise grinned. "The prodigy I discovered. This woman's skill is unparalled. Her designs are fabulous, and have been selling like hot cakes in the dress shops."

Tulani blushed and fidgeted. "I'm not..."

Elunara put her hands on Tulani's shoulders. "Own it, my Sweetness."

Jenny laughed. "You should have seen the glittering jewels we all were at the parties." 

"Well, Varian vouched for you, Eloise hasn't shut up about you... I guess you got a job if you want it."

Tulani smiled. "Actually, I want to have my own shop. I've been enjoying it quite a lot. I just know that I should have good relations with suppliers and such. I'd be more than willing to help you finish rush orders and the like, but all in all, I've been enjoying my independence."

"That's my good girl." Elunara kissed her cheek. "I'll get to designing you a new studio."

"Thank you." 

Once more, Elunara walked hand in hand with Tulani, while Jenny followed beside. 

"Momma! Momma!" Darguni ran over and huffed and puffed.

"What?" 

"There's a whole BUILDING of kids without parents!" 

Elunara pointed at Darguni. "Don't you DARE think about it!" She put her hands on her hips. "I took Bradly in due to special circumstances; I can NOT take in any more."

"But..."

"Our house is CRAMMED, I don't have the room, and I don't have the time, money or anything else. I don't mind you playing with those kids, but I am not adopting another one. They are children, not puppies, and not cats. You can only take in as many as you have the ability to care for." She stooped down and put her hand on his cheek. "It was a noble idea, but it's just not possible."

"Alright." He sighed.

"It was tiring enough taking Lydia on. Where is she by the way?"

"Linda said she's got the flu."

"Ick."

Bradly finally appeared. "Did you ask her?"

"She said no."

"Bradly, I just can't. You were a special circumstance. I just can't take in every kid that comes to my attention."

"Yeah, okay."

"You can still be nice to them, you can still be helpful to them, but I just can't afford to take them in." She shook her head. "Things are different here, and we're all trying to adapt. Let's find our stride before we make any major changes to the lineup."

"Sorry, Momma. I already knew about the orphanage, and I just wanted to show Darguni where I would be stuck if not for you." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "He felt bad for them."

"Which just shows you have a good heart." She smiled and scrubbed her hand in Darguni's hair. "Go find your old friends, and go make some new ones, OK?"

"OK, Momma." They said at once, before running away.

"You know, I heard it. I just didn't believe it. I see it, I still can't believe it."

Elunara spun around. "JINE!" 

"Elunara the mother... was giving lectures on having a heart." The woman shook her head and stepped forward. She ran her hands down Elunara's arms. "Look at you. It's been nearly ten years."

"Yeah, well, things change."

"That they do." She raised an eyebrow at Elunara's hand linked with the female Draenei. "And who is this?"

"This is Tulani, my wife." Elunara winked. 

Jine's eyebrows shot up. "I wouldn't have pegged you for the type."

"Well, I also have two husbands..."

Jine laughed. "Ok, I would have pegged you for that type."

Tulani smiled. "Elunara doesn't do anything normal."

"Yeah, I married an orc, then a female Draenei, and then a human male. Also, I have two kids... and as you can see... a pair of cats that won't leave me alone."

"I recognized the Darnassian saber, but the other one is gorgeous."

Elunara scratched Savage's head. "Yeah, he was an accidental tame in Draenor." She laughed. "I'm sorry everyone. This is Jine. We were in the SI:7 together for a number of years, and she saved my ass a time or two. Jine, this other lady is Jenny, her and her husband are close friends of mine."

Jine held out her hand and smiled. "Nice to meet the both of you."

Jenny smiled. "Elunara saved my life... she... Well, she's done more for me than I could hope to explain." She added quietly. 

"Jine, what's going on with you?"

"Ah, I retired. Getting a bit old for the game."

"Yeah..."

"Not that YOU know what it's like. How old are you now?"

Elunara grinned. "I had the most amazing sixtieth birthday ever."

"Night Elves, you're all a kick in the pants."

Tulani and Jenny looked at each other and giggled.

Jine raised an eyebrow. "I take it you were involved?"

"Well, I did give her my husband for the day." Jenny stifled a giggle. 

"And he was delicious, thank you." Elunara kissed her cheek.

"Do I want to know?"

"So, yeah, it turns out I'm an energy creature."

"A what?"

"Elunara gains energy from people that love her." Jenny nodded.

"Yeah... the best way to explain it... is that when anyone looks at me and thinks good things about me, they give off waves of energy at me. I feed on those. When I fuck a man's brains out, I get this massive shot of energy into my body."

"If Elunara has too many at once, she can actually overload on it." Tulani smiled.

"But, I can never actively take it from someone. If someone doesn't like me or refuses to acknowledge me, then no energy is offered, and I cannot feed."

"But, on the opposite end, when people pour too much energy into her, she can't help but take it."

"It's kind of like getting drunk off my ass."

"With the awful hangover after."

"How did you function with six men?" Jenny raised an eyebrow.

"Sooo, he DID tell you."

"We've taken your honest policy and ran with it."

"Advisable. Well, given the fact that the entire town put out a party that went until the wee morning hours... I burned it all off singing and dancing like a loon."

Jenny sighed. "Maybe I should have gone back for it."

Elunara ran her hand down Jenny's back. "Don't worry about it, sweetheart, I know why."

"Ok, you've made my head heart."

"She gets that a lot." Tulani and Jenny said at once. Both broke into giggles.

"All these years I've been fucking men like a stoned rabbit? Was me feeding. I practically NEED them to survive."

"I'll be damned."

"We do love feeding her." Jordan grinned. 

"Hello, Sugar love." Elunara stepped over and wrapped her arms around his neck. 

He wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his mouth to hers, slow and steady. She broke the contact and he rested his hands on her hips. "Catching up?"

"Of course." She turned and gestured. "Jine, this is Jordan. You know him."

Jine grinned. "That I do."

"He's a General now, and my second husband."

"I take it he wasn't really gay for Renwa."

Jordan put a hand to his head. "ARGH, Even you?"

"I think you're just too pretty to be straight." Grogek snorted.

Jordan put his other hand on his head as well. "GODS, Do NOT get THAT rumor started again either!"

Jine's shock was evident. 

Elunara grabbed Grogek by a fang and yanked his face to hers. He returned the kiss with all the wild savagery that drove her crazy. Elunara leaned back and grinned. "Meet General Grogek, my first husband, and the original reason I'm capable of love." 

"My damn he's huge." 

"You don't know the half of it." Elunara winked. "Sugarbear, this is Jine." She sighed. "Dak's Jine..."

"Ah." Grogek held out a hand. "You are a noble woman." He nodded. 

"I hate that my son turned out like that." She sighed. "I will only ever be able to have the one." 

"Neither will I." Elunara shrugged. "Darguni is my blood child. Then I cut out my baby parts. Bradly was adopted when his father died. He is my son in every way that matters. Perhaps you can try again at the orphanage." She shrugged.

"I will never be able to give birth." Tulani ran her hand on her stomach. "But Elunara gave me a baby to take care of. That's enough for me."

"You give me a valid point." Jine sighed. "I buried my son by his father."

Grogek nodded. "A noble decision."

"How are you liking Stormwind?" Elunara ran her fingers down Grogek's chest. 

"It's quite impressive." He grinned. "Admittedly, I'm enjoying terrifying your Alliance by even existing." 

"Of course you would. You're mine after all." She winked. 

He chuckled. "Vicious little she wolf." 

Elunara turned to Jine. "You can come with us; we're just touring the place."

"Since I retired, I've been bored out of my mind. I would love to watch this little crowd draw attention to itself." Jine ran her fingers over the bangle on Elunara's arm. "What in the world is that?"

"Shortly after my son was born, I was kidnapped by a zealot who thought to make me his bride. Grogek lopped his head off and had this made out of the bastard's teeth. It's the orc equivalent of a wedding ring." She grinned.

"No, Elunara. You don't do shit normal."

Elunara grinned. "Damned fucking skippy."

"The necklace?"

She tugged out the ring. "Renwa was going to propose some years ago. When he gave up on marrying me, he gave me the ring as a keepsake of our friendship."

Jine sighed. "I knew Renwa was the marrying kind." 

"Why'd you think we bailed on each other?" She shrugged. 

"The belt?"

"Oh, this really amazing leather crafter... Well, it's a really long story, but she made it for me as thanks for finding her something better to do with her life other than what she had been."

"Where IS Lucy?" Jordan frowned. 

"She hadn't decided what she was going to do yet. She wasn't ready to come back to Stormwind and face her father."

"Ah."

"I really need to figure out what to do with her. She's been in such a miserable place since Terica was executed."

Grogek snorted. "You mean you beat the shit out of her and slit her throat."

"I particularly liked that part." Jenny sighed. 

Elunara ran a hand down Jenny's back. "For you, my little dove." 

Jenny hugged her. 

Jine laughed. "Explain?"

"Terica went to Draenor to exact revenge over Dak's death, and in the process, poisoned Jenny with the same poison that Dak had used on Grogek's blade. Jenny lost her baby over it."

"Terica? I don't remember a Terica." Jine frowned.

Elunara shrugged. "She was madly in love with Dak?"
