 She was momentarily disoriented, waking up in the middle of the floor; both men had an arm wrapped around her. She sat up and looked around. Hearing a noise from the spare bedroom, she unlocked the door. Yoona bounced out, followed by Savage. She let them out the front door. She blinked at Varian. 

"Uh, hello." He laughed. 

She leaned against the door with a grin. "Hey, sexy."

"You might want some clothes?" He gestured to her naked body. 

"Right. I forgot I was in a public place." She stepped back. "You can come in while I figure out where the hell I put the clean ones." 

"Probably in the bedroom upstairs." Grogek stood up and stretched. Without so much as a glance to Varian, he stepped on past, and started up the stairs.

"Sir!" Jordan grabbed a pillow and shoved it over his crotch. "I didn't expect to see you here." 

"Admittedly, I came to show our visiting diplomats Elunara's books. I should have realized that you wouldn't be set up yet."

Elunara sighed. "I just flashed them, didn't I?"

"Yes, yes you did." Tyrande laughed. "Though, I'm not surprised." 

Jordan jumped up and ran; a blanket over his naughtier bits.

Elunara giggled. "I haven't broken him of that modesty streak yet."

Varian shook his head. "I'm sure you will, soon enough."

"Where are Moira, Velen and Mekkatorque?"

Tyrande sighed again. "Probably still in shock; just as you're still naked." 

"Oh, right. Sorry." Elunara pushed past Varian and Tyrande and headed upstairs. "I forgot to put my brain back in after I got it fucked out of me." She laughed. "You can tell them it's safe to come in." She ducked into the bedroom. 

Tyrande put a hand to her forehead and sighed. "That child."

Varian chuckled. "Is this a bad time to tell you, I might be just a tiny bit in love with her?"

"Why am I not surprised?" 

"Hi Grand Momma!" Darguni wrapped his arms around Tyrande's leg.

Tyrande blinked down. "Hello, Darguni." 

"I didn't lose time!" He bounced. "Momma's shield worked!" He threw his hands in the air.

Bradly bounced. "My brother didn't forget me!" 

They hugged each other.

"Oh, thank Elune." Elunara sighed. "I'm sorry, I was holding off checking on you two, I was afraid of what I might find." 

"It's ok, Momma." 

Elunara stooped down and both boys wrapped their arms around her. 

"You saved me, Momma!" Darguni sighed. "I'm ok now."

"We love you, Momma." Both boys said at once.

"I love you too." Elunara whispered, as she wrapped her arms around them. "I'm so glad you're both okay."

"That's...beautiful." Elunara looked up at Moira. "Perhaps you are not who I remember."

"Most people don't give me enough credit." Elunara shrugged. 

Varian chuckled and shook his head. "You really don't stop." 

"Hey, Renwa calls me a walking migraine for a reason." She flashed a grin. "But, you were after my books. I put them in here." She led the way into the room. "I haven't gotten my shelves set up yet, but you may flip through what I have." She tugged out a few books and handed them to the various leaders. "I have given each of you some of my tamer books. Forgive me, but my main passion in life, is drawing naked men in all of their forms; so all of my books contain images that put some people off."

Varian grinned. "So..."

"Before you ask, yes." She winked. Elunara jolted at the pounding on the door. 

When she opened the door, Jerry fell in. "Zelinnia's having her baby!" 

"Damn! She's early again!" She shoved Jerry out of the door and followed behind.

Varian cleared his throat. "I believe we've been dismissed."

Jordan shook his head. "She won't mind if you flip through her books, but Zelinnia is family."

"Isn't Zelinnia that Blood Elf?" Moira's eyebrows shot up.

"Zelinnia stopped being "just a blood elf" ages ago." He smiled. 

In the healer building, the woman in question was whimpering. "Why...?"

Elunara crashed through the door and grabbed Zelinnia's hand. "I'm here, lovely. I'm here." She closed her eyes and began to share her energy. 

"Oh, thank the gods." Zelinnia sighed. "Why does this keep happening?"

"It's the time thing, sweetness."

"Where's Ina?" Zelinnia whimpered. 

The healer sighed. "Sorry, she's not back yet." The woman blinked. "What in the world are you doing?"

"Don't question it." Ina ran in. "I see I timed my portal back well." She laid her hands on Zelinnia's belly. 

Renwa barreled in. "Did I miss it?"

"No." Zelinnia lifted her free hand. 

Renwa came around the table and took Zelinnia's hand. "I'm sorry my love, had I known..."

Ina scoffed. "No one knows what babies want." She nodded. "Keep pumping that out. He's backwards; I'm going to have to turn him."

Elunara nodded. "Of course." 

"He's what?" Zelinnia began to struggle.

"Stop. Stop, sweetheart." Elunara kissed Zelinnia's forehead. "I'm here, I'll take the pain. Your baby is fine, it just happens sometimes."

"Especially the early ones." Ina nodded. 

"How are you doing that?" The other healer whispered.

"Is it really advisable to do this while a woman is in labor?" Mekkatorque asked. "Seems rather rude."

"I have to know." Moira marched forward. 

They all stopped in the healer building. The door to Zelinnia's delivery room was open, and they saw Elunara standing there, one hand out, the other clutching a hand. Elunara's entire body glowed, and the eekings of her wings began to spread. 

"That's my girl." Elunara said. "Hold on, just a bit longer, they almost have him. That's my good girl. No, relax. Relax, you've done this before." She began to sing a soft lullaby. 

Within moments, a baby was heard crying. Even as they dealt with the child, Elunara continued to sing and stroke Zelinnia's hair. They placed the baby in Zelinnia's arms. 

"See, my lovely?" Elunara concentrated. "Let's heal you up." 

"I want to call him Nara."

Elunara sighed. "Oh, fine. But only because it's you. That's a popular baby name lately." She grumbled.

Tulani burst into the room. "Oh, I'm so sorry! I slept in and they just told me." 

Zelinnia reached out and took Tulani's hand. "It's ok."

Tulani found a chair and sat down. "Oh, he's beautiful. What are you calling him?"

"Nara."

Tulani giggled. "I guess you finally made good on that promise."

"Yes, yes I did."

"Lu..."

"Hm?"

"Thank you." Renwa looked up from the baby and put a hand on Elunara's arm.

"What am I being thanked for now?"

"Everything." He shook his head. "If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have my wife, or my children, or even my life. All of this..." He gestured to his wife and child. "Is your doing. Even... even the fact that she was willing to try again, was all you."

"Damn it, I'm going to make a freaking rule about making me emotional." She sighed. 

"Lu..." He warned.

"No, no, I'm not freaking out again. I just don't know how to take these things."

"How about "You're Welcome"? That always works for me."

Elunara looked up at Varian. "But it just seems so... inadequate."

With his thumb, he wiped a tear off of her cheek. "The many sides of Elunara." He murmured. 

"Hey, Zel?" Elunara stroked a hand down her hair. "If you're my sister, does that make him my nephew?"

Zelinnia blinked. "I guess it does."

"Huh."

"You call her your sister?" Tyrande raised an eyebrow. 

"That I do."

"Fascinating."

"This is probably the first blood elf to be born in Stormwind." Varian examined the baby. "Well, he has his father's hair."

"And ears." Renwa nodded. "Abigail has elf ears."

"Curious. May I touch him?"

Zelinnia nodded. Varian ran a finger across the baby's head. 

"Can I see? May I see?" Mekkatorque tried to bounce up. Ina shoved a chair at him, and he peered at the baby. "This is most extraordinary." 

"Where is Abigail?" Elunara frowned. 

"Finisters. They came back earlier; I was seeing how they were, when I went into labor." Zelinnia sighed. 

Elunara giggled. "You've come a long way from the first dealings you've had with her."

"Ugh, tell me about it. She's quite useful with the little ones though."

"I'll go get Abigail." Tulani smiled. She stopped and frowned. "Oh, I don't know where they'd be in this mess."

"Jerry should still be outside." Elunara waved her hand. "Ask him."

"Alright. I have so many dresses to sew..." She tapped a finger to her chin as she walked out.

"You know, people thought the worst of me because I married a Dark Iron." Moira eyed Elunara. "I can't imagine what opposition the lot of you face. A night elf married to an Iron Horde Orc, a Female Draenei AND a Human. Then a Human married to a Blood Elf. It's a right mess. How do you deal with it?"

"By not giving a rat's ass and loving with our whole heart. If they cannot accept us as we are, then that's not our problem. I've told my children the same. It doesn't matter what other people believe, so long as you know the truth."

"What was that luminescent glow that surrounded you?" Velen asked.

Elunara blushed. "Oh, I don't know. Half the time it appears without me trying. I've been learning to manipulate it..." She shrugged. 

"It comes out when she's the most emotional." Zelinnia smiled. "You should see her sing."

"We saw her singing." Velen nodded.

"Oh, no. When she's on stage, and singing like a maniac, it's... brilliant." Zelinnia changed the baby to the other breast. "And it's even more amazing when she uses it on you. It's like... all of the happiness in the word is channeled into your body."

"It's fascinating to watch when she fights. We should have her do a demonstration." Renwa nodded. 

"That's an excellent idea. As soon as Zelinnia is well enough to move, we can do that immediately." Varian nodded.

"You know, Zel, I'm impressed." Elunara cocked her head to the side. "All of the Alliance faction leaders in one room, and you haven't cowered or freaked out once."

"You know, you're right."

"Probably because you never broke the connection." Ina patted Elunara's wrist.

"Huh." Elunara lifted her hand. 

"Ok, put it back, I'm freaking out."

Elunara gripped her arm. "Sweetie, you were fine. You will continue to BE fine." She brushed Zelinnia's hair back. "We have you, my little lovely. We will always have you."

Zelinnia sighed. "I know. Can I get up now?"

Ina put her hands on Zelinnia. "Thanks to Elunara's constant stream, you can go do jumping jacks for all I care."

Elunara walked out of the healer building, and spying Louis, she grinned. "Looks like I'm doing a demonstration in the training yard." 

Louis took off like a shot. 

Varian raised an eyebrow. "I feel like that was code for something."

"Yeah, it's code for "Elunara is doing a demonstration". You've seen me in action... my demonstrations are legendary. You never know what the fuck is going to happen."

The faction leaders were shocked at the turn out. Even Varian had to be amazed at how many people magically appeared. 

Elunara stood in the center of the ring, staff in hand. "Hello citizens, and troops and whoever the hell else decided to show the fuck up. Most of you know me, and some of you don't. You're all in for a treat today. Joining me today in the ring, is both of my husbands, General Grogek and General Jordan. You heard me, I said both. I also got a wife." She pointed the staff at the platform. "That gorgeous Draenei was insane enough to want to be my bride. How weird is that?" There were a few laughs. "Joining her today is my sister, the Blood Elf, Zelinnia and her human husband Renwa, and their two kids, Abigail and Nara. Somewhere in this crowd... are my kids." 

Bradly and Darguni popped up by Tulani. "We're here, Momma!" Darguni waved an arm. 

"Ah, those are my sons, Darguni and Bradly. Be nice to them, or I'll rip your teeth out!" She gave a grin showing her own teeth. "Alrighty, now that intros are done..." She tapped the staff against her head. "Do I show you power? Or skill? Any votes?"

"Hmm, seems to be a tie." She pointed the staff at Varian. "You get final call."

"Knowing you, give us power, and then skill."

"Good choice." She looked over her shoulder. "Jordan, sugar, can you get out of harm's way?"

"Do we have an uninhabited planet I could borrow?"

"Ha ha. Love you too. Now, get."

Elunara pointed her staff at Grogek. "Come on Sugarbear, let's play."

"With pleasure." He flexed his hand and held his axe, before he went on the attack. 

Zelinnia sighed. "They always beat the absolute shit out of each other."

Tulani giggled. "But they do it with complete love in their hearts. I shudder to think what it would look like if they actually tried to hurt one another."

"Wait, this isn't trying?" Moira stared.

"Oh, goodness no." Tulani shook her head. "I've seen her in a rage... it's terrifying. This is harmless play to them."

"More like foreplay." Renwa snorted. 

Varian held up a hand. "Halt!"

Grogek and Elunara froze in place and looked up. 

"Now, skill."

Elunara jerked her head. "Come on Jordan, you're up."

Jordan pulled his sword and jumped down into the fray. Elunara shifted her stance, and they began again.

"Hm, Jordan has improved a lot since he went out." Varian nodded.

"Well, when your wife is a sexual beast, and gets off on beating the shit out of people, one would build up some muscle and skill." Zelinnia nodded. 

Renwa and Tulani silently counted. Zelinnia buried her face against the baby and scooted to the side. Renwa wrapped an arm around her and tugged her back into the crowd. "It's alright my love. It was a valid comment."

Both men knelt at the same time. "Yield!" They both cried. 

Elunara flipped her staff into the air, caught it, and aimed at the crowd. "Anyone else want in?" When no one moved a muscle, she flipped the staff in the air again, jumped, and kicked it on to the rack. "Thank you, and good day." She bowed. 

The crowd went nuts. 

"And she's not tired?" Moira stared.

Elunara went to Grogek and grabbed him by the fang, pulling him up, and devouring his mouth. He slipped his hands down her ass.

"Are you kidding?" Zelinnia laughed. "This is a feeding frenzy to her."

Tulani tapped her cheek. "Oh, I hope she doesn't overload. She gets so cranky when she does."

"Overload?"

"My daughter is a special kind of creature. She feeds on the positive emotions directed towards her. She cannot take; she can only absorb what is already given to her." Tyrande shook her head. "This is why, for all of these years, she's had so many men. She feeds off of them, like you or I would feed off of food. She needs this energy to sustain herself."

She grabbed the front of Jordan's shirt and repeated the process.

"Amazing." Velen shook his head.

"Alright, you fine folks, you've been lovely, but I have another way to burn some energy. Bye now." She winked, as she grabbed the men by the arms and hauled them out.

"Should you follow them?" Zelinnia cocked her head to the side. 

Tulani shook hers. "No, they'll be fine. Besides, those two will work it out of her. I'd rather stay with you." She shifted Abigail on to one hip and linked her fingers with Zelinnia.

Renwa put his hands on both of their shoulders. "Let's go show Nara his new home." 

Elunara shoved Grogek inside and yanked Jordan in after. She locked the door. "That was a ridiculous feeding frenzy, and if I don't get some of it out NOW, I'm going to overload."

Grogek laughed. "I'd be more than willing to aid you in this, if you didn't just exhaust the both of us." 

"That IS a problem." She put her hands on his shoulders and concentrated. 

"Ok, that's new." He blinked.

"Did it work?"

"I believe it did." He ran his hands down her hips. 

Elunara turned to Jordan and repeated the process. 

"Holy shit."

"And that didn't even TOUCH the overload."

Jordan wrapped his hands around her waist. "Isn't King Wrynn going to be pissed you bailed on him?"

"Fuck him. Wait, I'll fuck him. But not now." She shook her head. "I'm so freaking horny right now, I can't think straight." 

Grogek slipped his hand down the front of her pants and stroked her. With a grin, he tugged her pants to the ground. "She isn't kidding." He buried two fingers in her. "She's damned well dripping." She leaned back against him and groaned as he pumped his fingers. 

When Grogek moved his hand, Jordan ran his across. "Gods damn, Baby."

"Fuck me, please." She whimpered. 

"Can't deny a request like that." Jordan yanked her shirt off, followed by both men yanking his own pants down. Jordan sat back in a chair and pulled her into his lap. She slipped down on to him with a groan. At once, she began bucking her hips, hanging on to his shoulders. His hands came up and he began to play with her hard nipples. She shuddered against him, but he yanked her off of him. 

Grogek grabbed her hips and slid her on to his waiting dick. With a groan, he pounded himself in out of those soft, soaked folds, as her reflexing body sucked at him. Letting go of Jordan's shoulders, she dropped down and slipped her mouth over him. 

"That's what I want." He groaned, as he put his hands in her hair. 

She cleaned herself off of him, as she moved up and down, one hand holding him in, the other on his leg. Grogek reached forward and slid his fingers against her, as she took him in. She shuddered again with the force of it and clamped down. Jordan exploded in her mouth and she sucked him down, before running her tongue all around to clean him off. 

She licked her lips, as Grogek pulled her upwards, and wrapping his arms around her waist, held on to her as he pumped himself in and out. Jordan stood up and gave his attention to her breasts. She shook with the force of it, clamping down on Grogek and causing him to finish inside of her.

Grogek licked her neck. "Better?"

She sighed. "Much. Still want more." She rubbed her hand on his cheek. 

Jordan kissed her chest. "We'll be more than accommodating."

"Actually... Five, four, three,"

There was a knock on the door.

"How...?" Jordan blinked. 

Elunara yanked the door open. "Yes?"

Varian sighed. "Is you flashing people going to be a regular thing?"

"It is when you interrupt me, knowing full well what it is I do." She crossed her arms. "And don't try the "done by now" bit, because you ALSO know my longevity is legendary."

"I was going to say that, with my current guests..."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Since when do I give a damn about other people? Regardless of their status." She sighed. "Hold on, let me get my clothes back on." 

"Thank" She slammed the door in his face. "You." He sighed. "I told you interrupting Elunara was a bad thing."

Moira crossed her arms. "She's a wild one, completely uncontrollable."

"Which, oddly enough, is why everyone loves her." Renwa shook his head. "And why I call her a walking migraine."

"I'm sorry for pulling you away from your family. I had thought that your presence would make her more agreeable."

Renwa shook his head. "The only person I have ever seen stop Elunara when she was on a tear, is Tulani. Even Grogek is afraid of her when she gets like this."

Elunara yanked back open the door. "In or out, you pick."

"In, if you don't mind."

She shrugged. "Suit yourself." She eyed Renwa. "Don't you have a newborn to get back to?"

"King Wrynn believes that my presence might calm you."

"Sugar pants, you haven't been a calming influence on me since before we tangled the sheets. Even then, I only did what you told me to because it was for the good of the Alliance." She picked up her board and popped it open. "I suggest Varian release you to your family, since I can see you visibly twitching."

Varian looked at Renwa and raised an eyebrow. "I see nothing."

Elunara raised her own eyebrow. "You doubt me?"

"Not in the least. Admiral Renwa, you are free to go." 
