 "Is she ok, Momma?" Bradly frowned. 

"I hope so. I still say I should take her out into greater Teldrassil, and let her breathe the air there."

"I think that's a good idea." Tyrande nodded. "The inn in Dolanar would be a good place for her to rest."

"I was in such a frantic pace, I completely forgot the cats." Elunara sighed. She blinked. "Oh, mother, you remember Savage?"

"Yes?"

"Uh, he and Yoona have mated."

"Oh, dear. I'll send you one of the saber handlers when the time comes."

"Uh, ma'am?"

Everyone looked over at the sentinel by the door. "There's a strange pair of cats out here. One looks like a Darnassian Saber cat, but the other..."

Darguni ran to the door. "Momma, Savage is pitching one of his fits."

Elunara sighed. "I guess they found me. Savage is such a baby." She picked up Lydia and made her way outside. "Yes, yes, you big baby. I'm here. I thought you were busy with your girlfriend." She reached down and scratched his head. Savage rubbed up against her. 

"Boys, climb on Yoona." 

"What?" Bradly goggled. 

"Mother, can you help them?"

Elunara climbed on Savage's back.

"Without a harness?" Tyrande raised an eyebrow. 

"They can handle a short jaunt. Just grab on to her fur."

As they rode out of Darnassus, Bradly had to yell. "THIS IS SO COOL!"

"I think she should rest here for a day or two, breathing in the rich air." Elunara sighed and brushed a hand over Lydia's hair. 

"I will send a runner back to Stormwind, contact the girl's family, and yours." Tyrande nodded. 

"Thank you. This isn't how I intended to return." She sighed. 

Tyrande put her hands on Elunara's shoulders. "And yet, you made a grand entrance anyway." She kissed the top of Elunara's head. "Trying to save this little girl."

"I can't seem to help myself." Elunara looked over at the boys playing with the cats. "Plus, I'm pretty sure... Bradly fancies himself in love with her."

"Oh, dear."

"I know, right?" Elunara laughed. "Doesn't matter. I seem to be drawn to helping this girl... first her legs, then her lungs..."

"Wait, this is the same child you healed before?"

"Crazy isn't it?"

"This poor child is... a bit of a disaster, isn't she?"

"Maybe that's why she appeals to me. She's had a hard life, just like everyone tells me I had."

"Everybody tells you?"

"I never felt bad about anything that's happened to me. I think it would be best, if I gave you my books to read, so that you may truly understand me."

"I would like to." 

She fiddled with a lock of the girl's hair. "She'll be just like me. Her life will be difficult, but she'll come out so much stronger than everyone else. I just know it."

"Your confidence in her warms my heart."

Tears ran down Lydia's face, as she listened to them softly talking.

"Bless you, Elunara." Tears streamed down Linda's cheeks.

Elunara shrugged. "You're welcome, I guess."

"I don't understand you." Thomas sighed. "You do and do, and don't like to be thanked for it."

"Because I haven't figured out why I keep doing it?" She sighed and ran her fingers through her hair. "Lydia needs to stay here for a few more days while her lungs heal and breathe in that rich air. I'll make sure your absence is covered." She stood up.

Lydia reached out and grabbed her leg. "No! Please, stay."

"Kiddo, I have to get back to my family."

"Please? I'm afraid."

"Ok, there will be no playing that card." Elunara smacked her hand. "You're stronger than you think you are. If you never stand in the face of fear, you will never be stronger than the fear. I don't even think you're afraid at this point."

"But, what if the spores come back?"

Elunara shook her head. "They won't."

"How can you be sure?"

"Because I said so. Look, you don't need me. Your family is here, and Tyrande herself has offered to watch over you." 

"No!" Lydia sat up. "They're not good enough, I want you!" She crossed her arms.

"No!" Elunara jabbed a finger at Lydia. "I will NOT continue to be nice to a little brat. I'm not going to bother telling you to apologize for your cruel little mouth. I thought better of you until you started whining. Now own up or shut up, because I am through." She turned and walked out.

Tyrande followed her out. "What was THAT?"

"She's starting to depend on me more than her own parents." Elunara rubbed her forehead. "I've noticed it before, and I've tried to push her back on to her parents, but then something else goes wrong, and we're back to square one. I don't need another kid, and she has a set of perfectly good parents that love her. I can't let her think I'm willing to replace them."

"Oh."

Both Tyrande and Elunara looked back at Linda.

"Oh, I was so worried... we... offended you." Linda choked on her tears.

Elunara rushed over and helped the woman sit down. With a sigh, she wrapped her arms around Linda. "It'll be ok."

"I'm so horribly sick of crying." Linda sobbed. "But every time I turn around, it's something else. I just can't take it anymore."

"Please stop. I'm so sorry for all of this."

Linda buried her face in Elunara's shoulder. "It's not your fault." She whimpered. "All you've done is help."

"I'm sorry. I didn't want her to cling to me, but she has. It was never my intent to replace you." Elunara sighed. "Kids just don't understand how much they can hurt you."

Tyrande sighed and looked away. "That much is true." She whispered. 

"I'd rather her be hurt by me, than have you hurt by her. I'm leaving. I'm taking my boys with me. I want her to think about what she did wrong. They'll be beyond pissed at me for taking them, but its best."

"Now, I wish you wouldn't leave." Linda sniffled. 

"No matter what she says to you, don't let it hurt." Elunara wiped tears off of Linda's face with her thumb. She kissed Linda's cheek. "I'll see you when you come home, ok?"

Linda nodded. 

Elunara walked to where the boys were playing. "Come on, we need to go home."

"Aww, but Momma!"

"No, we're leaving."

"But what about Lydia?" Bradly pouted.

"Yeah, we want to stay with Lydia."

"Lydia was just very rude and hateful, and I will not reward bad behavior. You know that."

Yes, Momma." They said in unison.

"Come on, hop on Yoona." 

"Yeay!"

Both boys ran in the house before Elunara. "Dad!" Bradly yelled at Jordan. "Dad! Momma let us ride Yoona!" 

"Without a saddle!" Darguni bounced.

"That's pretty cool." Jordan nodded. 

"Lydia needs a few days breathing Teldrassil air. However, she decided to pitch a tantrum, so I slapped her down and left."

"Ah." He kissed her. "Well, you know what's best."

Elunara lowered her voice. "She said her parents weren't good enough, and she wanted me. In front of her parents."

"Ouch."

"She's lucky I didn't just outright slap her." Elunara grumbled. 

Jordan kissed her temple. "Even when you're pissed, you can't harm a child."

Bradly ran out of his room and hugged Jordan. "Night, dad." He ran back to his room and closed the door.

"That is such a freaking kick in the pants."

"Welcome to my world." She laughed. 

Jordan ran his hands over her hips. "Now, since no one else is here... I want to make love to my wife."

Turning around, she ran her hands across his shoulders. "I like that idea, very much."

He pulled her hips into his, as he pressed his mouth to hers. In teasing little nips, he worked his way across her mouth, down her chin and to her neck. Slipping her hands under his shirt, she dug her fingers into the hardened flesh of his back. Soft and gentle, he licked that sensitive spot on her neck that drove her mad. 

"I think..." She gasped. "We should take it upstairs."

With a laugh, he grabbed her hand and started running. She followed him upstairs, and once they were in his room, he closed the door and crushed his mouth to hers, backing her against the door. 

She laughed, as she pushed him back. "You're so funny."

He grinned. "You make me crazy."

She yanked his shirt off. "How crazy?"

He yanked her shirt off. "Very." Wrapping his hands around her waist, he started working her pants down. When they were low enough, he slipped his fingers through that soft hair and into the folds beneath. He groaned and knelt in front of her, pulling her pants down to her ankles. Back to that wet center, he buried his face there, slipping his fingers and tongue in and out of her.

Sliding her fingers through his soft blonde hair, she groaned and put her head back against the door. She shuddered under his attentions, and he stood up, capturing her mouth, where her juices and his mouth created a fascinating flavor all its own. His arms wrapped around her body, and he led her back to the bed. He shoved his pants off and laid her in the bed. 

"You're so beautiful." He murmured, before taking her mouth again and slipping inside of her warm, wet center. 

Her legs came up around his waist, and he ran a hand across her thigh. He buried his face into her neck as he worked his hips in and out of her. Her hands glided across his back, and she groaned at the feel of him. He was patient, loving, and soft; just savoring the taste and feel of her. 

After, they curled up together, wrapped in each other's arms and legs. "Sometimes, I can't believe you let me in." He murmured. 

"Mm, why is that?" She ran her fingers through his hair. 

He nuzzled her neck. "You already had Grogek and Tulani, two people I couldn't hope to compete against... You, the goddess of sex itself, couldn't possibly find a place for me in your little world. It just seemed so poorly out of reach."

"You always did sell yourself short. You had plenty to offer, you just had to find it."

"Ugh, you're always so wise, it's sickening." He grinned. 

She giggled. "I know people. I barely knew you... but even I knew you hadn't shown your full potential. It was only a matter of time before you did." 

"Thank you for giving me the chance." He cuddled closer. 

Running her finger on the line of his hip, she smiled. "Well, I knew at the very least, I'd get MY entertainment out of the deal."

He cupped a breast and tugged at the nipple, making her shift and groan. "Is that so?" He grinned. 

"Oh yeah, you know me; selfish and always after my own interests."

He propped up on his elbow and leaned over, sucking on the nipple. "You know," He licked the nipple and moved his fingers through her soft hairs. "I thought mission specialists..." He slid two fingers in and grinned at her writhing. "Were supposed to be excellent liars."

"Granted." She panted. "But, we're also good at getting what we want."

"Uh huh." He moved his mouth back to the tight nipple and worked his tongue around the delicious saucer. He began to pump his fingers in and out of her, as she gasped and grasped at him. When she clamped down around his fingers, he grinned. "Nah, I'm not done yet." Rolling over her, he slipped in.

"Gods, I hope not." Her hands came up behind his head and pulled his mouth to hers. When he pulled away for air, she grinned. "No matter how it turned out, you're mine now." She purred. 

"Best thing I've heard all year." 

In the morning, she watched him get ready for the day. "I wish I'd thought to grab my board. You're always such a fascinating person to watch."

He grinned. "I take that as high praise from you."

She slid out of bed and ran her fingers over the scar on his face. "Sometimes, I see this and I am reminded of how much it hurt to have you taken from me. Others, I see it and I am reminded how lucky I am that you unlocked this strange power in me. But, the end result is always the same. You are beautiful to me, you are precious to me, and I won't let anyone else take you away."

He wrapped his hands around her waist and laid his forehead against hers. "I love you so much, Baby." He whispered.

"I love you too, Jordan." She brushed her lips across his, but he pulled her in deeper. 

The knock on the door had them both jolting. 

She giggled and tugged the door open. "Hey, Sugarbear."

"Kids are here, but his port windows were locked. Sorry if I interrupted."

"Nah, I was just watching. I need clean clothes though." She stood on her toes and kissed Grogek. "Love you." 

He tugged her back and devoured her mouth. Releasing her, he grinned. "Sometimes, I just really like hearing it."

"How's Lydia?"

Elunara jolted and looked back at Tulani. "Geez, you can be awful quiet some days." 

Tulani giggled. "I do enjoy startling you."

"You'd make an excellent agent. Anyway, Lydia's turned clingy on me. I tried to knock her back and she took it out on her parents."

"Not good." Tulani frowned and tapped her cheek. 

"Either way, Thomas is going to be out for a few days while Lydia recovers."

Grogek nodded. "As he should."

"Oh, and Lucy has come through. She's in a room downstairs."

"I saw her yesterday. I kind of wondered." Jordan straightened himself out and headed downstairs.

Lucy frowned up at the banister. "I'm sorry I'm such a burden."

Elunara leaned over. "You are not. But you need to stop grumping around. It's not good for you."

"Yeah, I guess." Lucy ran her fingers through her hair. "I'll... see you later."

Elunara sighed at the closed door. "I think I need to bring her out. Make her talk. At the moment, I just can't get enough of a handle on that girl to do a damned thing with her."

Tulani kissed her cheek. "You'll figure it out." 

Grogek wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her in for a brain searing kiss. "You know what's best. I'll see you after I work up a sweat." He grinned. 

"How is training going?"

"A large amount of the troops I'm working with, I have worked with before. It's the new guys that are the most entertaining to scare the shit out of."

Elunara laughed. "There's my mean Warsong Orc." She winked. "Maybe later, I'll come by and do some drawings." 

Making her way through town, she hoped this dumb idea would work. With a sigh, she sat the basket down by the door and stepped in. "Hey, can I borrow Lucy for a couple of hours?"

Coffee snorted. "For anyone else, no. For my best customer? Yes. Just bring her back in one piece. I'm not letting this talent slip away."

Lucy sighed and stored her tools away. 

"Oh, don't be like that. I'm not leading you to execution." Elunara grabbed Lucy by the wrist and tugged her outside. She snatched the basket up and led the way. 

"Where are we going?"

"Picnic by the lake." 

"Oh." Lucy blinked and increased her pace to match Elunara's. "Why?"

"Because you've just been so damned depressed. I think it's time you do something nice for... what's the matter?"

Lucy's normally dark skin went ash white, and if Elunara had not had an iron grasp on her wrist, would have taken off running in the other direction. 

Elunara looked to the front and saw a man marching forward. "I'm sorry, sweetie, I think it's time you faced this." She whispered to Lucy. 

"No! Please." She whimpered.

"I'll be here for you." Elunara stroked her arm. "It has to happen eventually, and maybe next time I'm not here to help you."

Lucy took a shuddering breath and nodded. The man stopped in front of them. "Hey, Daddy."

He crossed his arms with a frown. "Don't "Hey, Daddy" me. I got a letter from Admiral Duchie, who said you left the service!"

Elunara tried to release Lucy's wrist, but Lucy grabbed her hand. "I did."

"Why?"

"Daddy, I hated it. I really and truly hated it. I was never good enough, never strong enough. They only sent me out to Draenor because they were desperate for warm bodies." 

"So you took the coward's way out."

"The coward's way," Elunara interrupted. "is to hide behind a commission that would get you killed, rather than face an irate father for doing what she loved." 

The man turned his gaze to Elunara. "And who the hell are you?" His eyes flicked to their linked hands. "Where is Terica? Can't you even keep ONE relationship?"

Lucy gasped, as fresh tears filled her eyes. 

"Terica fried Admiral Duchie's brain to mush, and then tried several times to kill Admiral Renwa. I slit her goddamned throat. Any other questions?" Elunara cocked an eyebrow. 

The man just stared. 

"The name is Elunara. If you were at Varian's announcement of my family, then you have some idea of who I am. If you weren't there..." She shrugged. "Not entirely my problem. I'm going to be straight with you..."

"James."

"James. Your Lucy? Sucked. Like, horribly. My husband, Grogek, was refusing to let her go out, because her terrible fighting skill would only get someone else killed. When Lucy tried to defend a weaker person, she got her jaw broke. So, I told her that I would pay for her living expenses for a month, if she would try to do anything OTHER than be a soldier. She took my advice, and has found happiness AND skill, doing a trade; ending in removing a terrible soldier from dying as a pitiful grunt, and gave the world a skilled leather worker. If you're not happy with that outcome, then you can very well fuck yourself. 

Now, if you will kindly get out of my way, I was in the process of taking MY FRIEND on a lovely picnic to ease her troubled mind." Elunara brushed past him, and tugged Lucy along behind her. 

"I can't believe you just did that." Lucy whispered. 

"Then you don't know me very well."

"Why do you keep doing things for me?"

"That's one of the universe's great mysteries."

"Wait! Wait, stop!" 

Elunara paused and looked back. Lucy's grip tightened. 

"I... I'm sorry. This is just a lot to take in."

Elunara shrugged. "Then follow us. I didn't get Tippy to make me up a basket for it to go to waste."

Lucy perked up. "Tippy made it?"

Elunara snorted. "Gods, she's so in love with me right now, she's offered me her first born."

"Whatever did you do for her?" Lucy cocked her head to the side and followed Elunara with interest. 

"I got her a man to marry. The only thing she's wanted for years."

"You're always so nice." Lucy sighed. 

"Eh."

"If you weren't already taken..." Lucy sighed. 

Elunara shrugged. "Hasn't stopped anyone before."

"What?"

"Nothing. Oh, look, here we are." 

Elunara tossed out the blanket and unloaded the basket. Once everyone was comfortable, a runner came down and handed Elunara a letter. Confused, she popped it open. 

"Shit. Sorry, Lucy." Elunara kissed her on the cheek. "Varian calls." 

Lucy grabbed her hand. "But!"

"You damned well better save me some of that carrot cake." Elunara stooped down and put a hand on Lucy's cheek. "You'll do fine, little heart. Find your courage." She jogged off. 

Crumpling up the note and tossing it, she made her way over to the training yard, board in hand. She got comfortable and just catalogued the scene. 

Jordan found his way over. "Did it work?"

"I sure hope so." She flicked her eyes up and down. "At the very least, they were talking when I made my disappearing act."

"You really can arrange any damned thing you want."

"I'm a pro." She shrugged. "With any luck, Lucy will resolve some unsettled issues, and be at least a little happier for it."

"You are often ridiculously kind." He brushed the back of his fingers across her cheek.

"Ugh, don't remind me."