 A few days later, she made the rounds for shopping. 

"Momma!" Both boys grabbed her around the waist. 

"Lydia's back!"

"Can we go see her?"

Elunara sighed. "Fine. But if she gets snotty again, you are to leave. She must appreciate what she has, not expect it as a right."

"We know."

"Bye!" 

"I envy you, so stupidly much." 

Elunara looked back. "Hey, Jenny. Having a rough day?"

Jenny nodded and stepped forward. "It's just so hard." She sniffled.

"Aw, don't be sad..." She wrapped an arm around Jenny and grinned. "Besides, how would the new one feel about having you worry about the other?"

"New?" Jenny shook her head. "Other? You can be so confusing some–" Her hands flew to her belly. "I AM?"

Elunara chuckled. "Oh, it's very small, and not far along, but it's there."

"Oh!" Jenny wrapped her arms around Elunara. "Oh, thank you!"

"Pfft, don't thank me. Thank Mark. He put it in there."

"Oh! I need to tell him!" She grabbed Elunara's arm. "Please, please come with me."

"Alright, alright, little dove. Let me put this basket in my house first."

Jenny wrapped her arms around Elunara's. "Oh, I was so worried I'd never get another chance. I don't know how to thank you."

"Well, first... stop pumping out so much admiration; I'm starting to get dizzy. Geez, this place overloads me."

Jenny giggled. "Because you're always so nice."

"I need to go do something offensive, just because."

Jenny waved to someone. "Stephanie! Come here, let me introduce you."

The woman eyed the pair with some trepidation. 

"Stephanie, this is Elunara. She's the one I told you about." Jenny dislodged herself from Elunara and took the other woman's hands. "She just told me I'm pregnant again, isn't that great?"

"That's great! I'm so happy for you!" She hugged Jenny.

Jenny turned. "This is Stephanie; she's the first friend I've made here."

Stephanie waved a hand. "It's so much easier to speak with you, since your awful brother hasn't been looming over your shoulder." She stopped. "Wait, is this the same Night Elf lady that stopped him?"

"Yes!" Jenny bounced. "Oh, I need to get to Mark."

"Come on, little dove, I have lots to do today." 

"Right!" Jenny clung to Elunara's arm. "You can come with us, Steph."

"Eh, sure. Why not?" Stephanie eyed Elunara with curiosity. For a female Night Elf, she certainly had some mannish mannerisms. Judging by the way Jenny clung to the woman, she had her own questions.

Tulani laughed. "I see you're collecting them again."

Elunara sighed. "I can't help myself." She leaned over and brushed her lips across Tulani's. "We're headed down to the training yard to tell Mark that Jenny's pregnant again."

"Oh, how delightful." Tulani hugged Jenny. "But that doesn't explain the other three."

"Three?" Elunara looked back at the two new comers. "The hell?"

"ELUNARA!" 

She groaned. "Yes, Mayby?"

Mayby ran over. "Where you headed?"

"To the training yard."

"Can I come?"

"Sure, the more the merrier." Elunara rolled her eyes.

By time she made it to the training yard, she had fifteen followers, including Jerry and Louis.

"I may vomit from the overload." She muttered. "HEY MARK! GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE!" She yelled, before dislodging Jenny from her arm. 

Mark blinked in confusion before jogging over. "What's wrong?"

"Well, tell him." Elunara pushed Jenny forward.

"I'm pregnant again!" She squeaked.

"Really?" Tears filled his eyes. "Really and truly?" He put a hand to her belly.

"YES!" She threw her arms around him, and he swung her around. 

"Oh, maybe I shouldn't do that..." He whispered. 

Elunara snorted. "Eh, you'll be fine." She put a hand on Jenny's belly and focused her energy. "You'll be fine, because I say so."

Even Elunara could be completely shocked, when Mark grabbed her and planted his mouth on hers. Jenny laughed, and when Mark released her, Jenny followed suit. 

"Ack! Stop that!" Elunara shoved Jenny back. 

Grogek yanked Elunara up and covered her in kisses. 

"Alright, enough–"

Jordan repeated the process.

"IMMA HURT YOU ALL! DON'T THINK I WON'T!" Elunara tripped backwards and landed on her ass. 

"I come to inspect the troops and find out I've been left out of all the fun."

Elunara scrambled behind Varian. "These lunatics won't stop kissing me, dammit." 

Varian blinked and stared at Elunara. "I've... never seen you so unsettled. And I saw your epic grade temper tantrum."

"Eh, fuck you." She grumped. 

"You have. Many times." He said, so only she could hear. "So," He began, so others could hear. "Why is everyone kissing our resident Goddess?" He winced when she kicked him in the leg. "Would you stop being so childish?"

"Stop calling me "Goddess"."

"Forgive us, sir." Mark saluted. "I just found out that my wife is pregnant again. Seeing as how my wife would be dead without Elunara... I was overcome with emotion. Apparently, everyone else got in on the celebration."

"Well congratulations." Varian nodded. "Would you stop hiding behind me? It's starting to freak me out." 

Elunara sighed and straightened her shoulders, stepping out. "Fine." She growled. "Ugh, I'm starting to regret coming here... everywhere I walk, I'm being mauled by someone else. The overload is making me ill." She sighed. "I wonder if Elune can give me lessons on blocking."

"No." She heard from nowhere. "Learn it yourself."

"Fine." She growled again.

"Huh?"

"Sorry, I have a direct line to Elune wedged in my head. She answers when she feels like it."

"That's... curious."

"Alright you maniacs! We did the thing! Go home!" She flapped her arms. 

Grogek chuckled. "You and your emotions."

She jerked a finger at him. "You made me this way, you pain in my ass."

He tugged her over. "And you love every minute of it."

"Yeah, maybe." She pushed him away. "Fuck it." She jumped into the training ring and grabbed her staff off the rack. "Someone challenge me."

Grogek and Jordan followed her in. Grogek pulled his axe. "As you wish."

Stephanie leaned over to Jenny. "Wow." 

"I told you!" Jenny bounced on her toes. "Isn't she amazing?"

"Why are they trying to kill each other?"

Mark snorted. "They're not really trying. They love each other so much; it's almost painful to watch. This? This is just one of the many ways they enjoy each other. Elunara eats energy, and the more the gets, the stronger she gets. But it has a side effect sort of like getting drunk off your ass. If she doesn't burn it off, she'll get a nasty headache and become endlessly cranky." He watched for some time. 

Jenny sighed and put her hands on her belly. "I love that woman." She whispered.

Mark wrapped his arm around her waist. "I do too."

"See, Daddy?" Lucy pointed. "Isn't she amazing?"

"I guess those three would have a right to tell you how good or bad you were." He murmured. 

Elunara planted the staff on the ground and used it to launch herself up. Coming back down, she twirled, dodging both weapons and slipping harmlessly below, she slid out and cracked Grogek behind the knee. He stumbled, and swung his axe backwards, catching her ankle on the broadside. She winced as she landed, bouncing on one foot. Going back into the air, she flipped over both of their heads and caught Jordan on the back of the neck. 

Landing on her good foot, she spun, narrowly avoided the axe, and clocked Grogek on the chin. He dodged her next couple, as she continued to bounce around on the one foot. Jordan caught her in the thigh and she hissed and kicked out with her bad foot. The shot went wild and she caught him in the nose. Wincing, she dove out of the way, rolled a few, before flinging the staff upwards and blocking both weapons.

"Stay your hands!" Varian called out. 

Both men dropped the head of their weapons to the ground, holding hilts up. 

"Elunara, how long did you plan to fight on that broken ankle?" 

All attention was on Elunara as she struggled to stand. She put her hand on the slice in her leg and focused on healing it. "I thought my body would repair itself."

Grogek dropped his axe and scooped her up. "My love, you should have told me."

"Eh, it's just a broken ankle, I've fought through worse." 

Varian shook his head. "Elunara, you really don't have to prove yourself."

"I wasn't trying to prove shit. I seriously thought my energy would heal the damned thing." She gently probed her ankle. "I guess I need an actual healer for this one."

"I'll take you." Grogek rubbed his cheek against hers. "GET BACK TO WORK!" He didn't bother to check if anyone complied. 

He carried her to the healers nearby. "When did you break your ankle?"

"When you cracked me with your axe behind you."

"Ah."

Ina put her hands on her hips. "Can't heal this one yourself?"

"Looks like." She sighed. 

Ina examined the ankle. "In the name of the Light, Elunara, you shattered the damned thing." She ran her hands over. "I'll do what I can to get it to the point your healing can take over, but it might take a couple of days."

"Well, fuck." 

Ina concentrated over the ankle.

Jordan stuck his head in. "How's she doing?"

"She'll be out for a few days." Ina muttered.

He sighed. "You don't do anything by halves, do you?"

Grogek laughed. "That's our Elunara." 

Jordan turned around. "For everyone asking! Elunara will need a few days to heal her ankle." He stuck his head back in the building. "Only Elunara would have a crowd of well wishers."

"Ugh, kill me." She flopped back on the bed. 

"And only Elunara would be pissed about it." Grogek barked a laugh. 

"You damned well better stay off the thing, or so help me..." Ina threatened.

Elunara crossed her arms. "Well, I only had drawing planned this week, no hinky stuff. So, that'll be fine, I guess." 

Ina wrapped the ankle in cloth. "This should stabilize it. Don't bounce on it or put weight on it. Any jarring and you might heal wrong. With your speed, it could completely destroy the ankle."

"Argh!"

"Forgive me, my love. This is all my fault."

"Eh, shit happens. Well, carry me back to the platform, I wish to draw."

Someone brought her board, and someone else got a chair. She got comfortable and began to draw the scene.

"I'll help you with anything you need." Jenny clasped her hands in front of her.

"That's fine. For now, I'll hang out here." She scratched Savage on the head. 

Gerald laughed. "Only you would keep going with a broken ankle."

"Hush you."

"Have you seen her do something like this before?" Jenny cocked her head to the side.

"Oh, loads. No one hides an injury like "the Whore"."

Jenny put her hands to her mouth. "Why do you still call her that?"

"Because I want him to." Elunara shrugged. "The word only means my career at this point." 

"Oh."

"Can you both move away?" She waved her hand. "I just can't stand on my own, I don't need nursemaids." 

Jenny took her hand. "I'll be nearby if you need me."

"Yeah, sure." Once they were off a distance, she sighed and went back to her drawing. Spotting Lydia, she pointedly ignored the girl. There was still a little limp in the girl's step, but Elunara could heal her no further. 

Lydia halted in front of Elunara and bowed. "I'm sorry I made you so angry."

"Do you know WHY I was angry?" Elunara looked over her board. 

Her parents stopped to the side where they could not be seen. Both boys stood with them, and Varian was on the opposite side of the platform.

"No, Miss Elunara."

Elunara continued to sketch, but turned her focus on Lydia. "Lately, I have felt like you rely on me too heavily. I knew, without a doubt, that I had gotten all of the spores this time because of Malfurion's help, and I knew that I had healed you well beyond what my capabilities were. I left you in the hands of your parents, with Tyrande herself looking out for you. I have my own life to live, and I cannot spend it coddling you."

Several people stopped to listen, and even Grogek raised his ear.

"Do you know the difference between you and Bradly?"

Lydia opened her mouth, but closed it and shook her head. 

"You have ALWAYS had loving parents. When you were born, your family knew that you would have problems with your legs. As you grew, the problem became worse, but still they loved you. At any point in time, they could have taken you to the orphanage, dumped you, and walked away, but they didn't. They did everything in their power to help you. They took you to healers, and they followed every little scrap of advice they could find, in order to make your life better. They well and truly love you, with everything they have."

"I..."

"Bradly never had that. He had a mother that actively hated him, and a father that was so clueless as to not see what was going on. Oh, Harvard loved Bradly as well as could be expected, but he was absent and didn't pay enough attention. A bruise here, a scratch there, kids get those all the time. But Bradly's mother? Wanted to punish him for existing. Bradly grew up in hate, and it almost ruined him. So when he found love, and genuine affection, he leapt at the chance. As a result, he is more grateful... he has experienced both hatred, and love, and knows what he prefers. He's in this beautiful place, where he will grow and be stronger for it.

You, little missy, have not experienced this. Sure, you've probably been made fun of, or picked on, but your parents were always there to support you. Your parents have always loved you and always will... loved you, cared for you, and did everything needed for you. I healed your legs, so what?" She shook her head. "Ok, so no other healer could touch the damned things, but I was able to, and ok that's pretty cool, but I did no more than a healer would. I felt bad for you, that much is true, but I did not seek you out. I had no thought in my head, other than "Hey, let's try this". Yes, I worked with you afterwards and got you good and running, but that was out of the kindness in my heart. I like you, kid. I really do, but I am by no means trying to replace your parents. They're the ones who love you."

Elunara flipped her page and continued to work. "But the end all be all, is that YOU are stronger than you think. You are capable of SO much more. I'm still seeing you limp and favor your legs, when I know they no longer pain you. You just got used to how your body was, and YOU need to be the one to push past that. You have a support group in your family and my boys, and you should take advantage of that, but you can't rely solely on that. You should know that I was thrown out of my home, and for thirty years of my life, I had no support, I had nothing."

By this point, everyone had stopped what they were doing, and many were gathering around. 

"I had to forge myself into something, or I would always be nothing but a disgraced night elf. I took what I knew how to do and I made it work for me. Using my art, and my skills, I became a mission specialist like no other. No one could do what I did. They still can't replace my ass." She grinned. "You, missy, have a unique opportunity in life. I have healed your legs, and you can build yourself up. You have a support group of your family, and your friends, and you can make something of yourself."

Elunara pointed with her pencil. "I believe in you. You need to learn the balance between standing for yourself, and asking for help. That's actually a really hard thing for people to learn. Hell, look at me, I got so used to surviving on my own, that it is a royal bitch for me to ask for help. I have my own little network, and I can't easily decide when to use it. I won't lie. I am a total pain in the ass to deal with. I know this. You, little missy, should learn from my mistakes." 

She snorted. "Hell, there's a tiny part of me that's jealous of you. I would have loved to have grown up as a normal kid with loving parents." Her voice became reflective. "I have no idea who my father actually is, and pretty much from birth, I was pushed into the priesthood. I could never be what was expected of me. I couldn't find that magic spell that would make my mother proud of me." She shook her head as if clearing a fog. "I've lectured you long enough kid... as usual, my mouth got away from my brain. The point of all this shit; is that you have a family that loves you, use it. Everything in your life, you need to use, and build yourself into something spectacular. I ask the same of my own kids."

With a sigh, Elunara closed her board. "You have the potential to be great. I am willing to help, so long as you don't cling to me, don't expect to rely on me. I do not want to replace your parents; I'm not even going to try. I have enough kids of my own." 

"Yes, miss Elunara."

"Now, I'm told, that kids like hugs." She opened her arms. "So come over here and hug me, because it's ok."

Lydia ran over and threw her arms around Elunara. The crowd erupted in cheers. 

"Shit, I forgot we were in public. Sorry, kiddo." She sighed. "Now, go give me some soft runs. I know your lungs are still healing, so don't over work yourself."

"Yes, Miss Elunara." Lydia ran off. 

"I never knew you felt that way." A quiet voice made Elunara jolt.

"Mother!" Elunara grabbed her board like a shield. 

"I followed Lydia to make sure she was still well, and then decided to speak with you since I am here."

She put the heel of her hand to her eye. "Geez, why didn't I think of that?"

"I never knew you felt so strongly about... that."

"Not really. I mostly said it just to get through to her." Elunara popped open her board.

"Elunara..." The warning was clear.

"I'm serious. When I was younger... yeah, it kind of bothered me that nothing I could do met your approval. After awhile, I just gave up, because I realized the thing you wanted, I didn't have. I never got to see a "kid my age", but over the years, I'd come across a family like Lydia's and wonder, why couldn't I have had the same? If things had been the same as other people, would we have never had this? Would I have never been this way?"

"I'm so, so sorry." 

Elunara gave a shaky shrug. "It never hurt. Not one little bit. That was the main reason I believed my emotions to be dead. I knew it SHOULD have hurt, but it never did. Still really doesn't. I can look back on it and go "huh, well, that was awful... what's for lunch?" I just don't have an emotional response to it."

"That's... disconcerting."

"Try living with it." Elunara muttered.

"I don't know what to say..."

"Don't try. You'll only make me more annoyed, and I know that's not why you came."

"Admittedly, I came over because I'm getting a kick out of being called "Grand Momma"."

Elunara grinned. "Well, there you go."

Tyrande ran a hand on Elunara's ankle. "They said you were injured."

"Yeah, was doing a demo and a connect with Grogek's axe shattered my ankle. It'll be a few days before I can heal myself properly."

Tyrande concentrated. "Yes, I agree with that assessment. You don't do anything by halves, do you?"

"That's what I said!" Jordan popped up.

"Hush, you." Elunara stretched her neck."That's enough, Lydia. Don't hurt yourself!"

"You do care for the girl." Tyrande murmured.

"Yeah, I do. However, I don't want her punching her mother in the throat over it."

"That is a kindness all its own."

"Jenny, I know you're hiding nearby to be helpful... can you get me something to drink?"

"Right away!" She turned and fled.

"Speaking of caring too much... I don't know if it'll work, but Jenny's finally pregnant again, and desperate to keep it. I think I... shielded her, somehow. I can't explain what I did. I wondered if you had any ideas."

"I haven't heard of such a thing. Perhaps I can look in our texts."

"Well, anyway, I don't want random strangers trying to get me to bless things." Elunara snorted. 
