 The next day, Elunara sighed. "Well, today I had some portraits scheduled. I'll just sit on the couch and yell for people to come in."

Tulani sighed. "I'll be in my studio, so if you need anything..."

"I'll be fine."

Jordan went downstairs and opened the door. 

Jenny flushed as she stared at his bare chest. "Ah, I came to see if Elunara needed my help."

Jordan jerked his head back. "Come on in."

She followed behind him up the stairs, and stared at Grogek, also half dressed. She tore her eyes away. "I've come to see if you need any help today."

"See?" Elunara grinned at Tulani. "I got help already." She leaned over and brushed her lips over Tulani's. "Don't worry. I'll be good until my ankle heals. I've had worse injuries, hell Grogek was there. Jenny can answer the door for me."

Tulani sighed. "Well, I'll still try to stay nearby."

"Don't let it alter your day."

Finished getting ready for his day, Grogek scooped Elunara out of bed and took her downstairs. 

"To the library, please." He nodded and put her in the chair. She stood and propped her leg in the chair, as she started setting up her papers. 

"Can you get to the couch from here?"

"Yeah, I'll get Jenny to help me."

He kissed her. "You know where to find me." Grogek nodded to Jenny. "I'll be at the training yard."

Jordan popped in and wrapped his arms around Elunara's waist. "I'll swing by occasionally, see how you're doing." 

She laid her head on his shoulder. "That's fine, sugar." She kissed his neck. 

"Do you need me?" Lucy stuck her head in. 

"No, doll. Jenny will help me today. You go do your work, Ok?" 

"Alright." Lucy disappeared.

Elunara sighed. "She's better, but not 100%. I'll figure out how to help her when I can walk normally again."

"Momma!" Both boys ran in. 

"Do you need any help, Momma?" 

"Yeah, you and Bradly make sure Yoona gets her walk, and feed them while you're at it."

"Ok, Momma."

"Here, give me your shoulder." Elunara scooped up her prepped board. She leaned against Jordan, and he wrapped an arm around her waist. He led her to the couch. She got comfy and propped her leg in an extra chair. "See? Right as rain."

"How can I help?"

"You can sit beside me and get the door when my portraits arrive." 

Jenny sat down and smiled. "Your house is... crowded."

"Love every minute of it." 

After everyone left, Jenny giggled. "I thought my Mark was so... attractive. Then I see your pair, and my brain dies."

"Why do you think I can't stop sampling them?" Elunara grinned. At the knock on the door, she nodded. "That would be my first sitting, please get the door."

"Of course." 

Later that day, after the last appointment left, Jenny lay against Elunara while she worked. "Can I say something dumb?"

"I'll be the judge of whether or not it's a dumb statement."

"This is an amazing day."

Elunara eyed Jenny. "You answered the door and gave me food and water. How is that amazing?"

"Because I got to spend time with you."

"Ah." 

"When it was me and my brother, I wasn't allowed to leave the house without permission. If I did... well, you know. Then I found Mark, and I had this massive crush on him, but my brother went ballistic. Your advice helped, but when you told him... Well, I was angry at you, because..." she sighed. "You put me in the line of fire, but you didn't know it. You were trying to help." She reached up and twirled a piece of Elunara's hair. 

"But, then you did what you did to him, and I was free. I was free to be with Mark and it was amazing. Then I wound up pregnant." She whispered. "It was awful, but I wanted it so badly. Only you were able to help with the nausea, and then that lunatic Terica tried to kill me over nothing, and it was you who saved me. You put so much into me, and I..."

Elunara absently stroked Jenny's hip as she added detail to her boards. 

"I want to repay you, and I just don't know how."

"I know where your brain is headed and I don't think you should."

"But, why?"

"Because you will feel weird about it later. It's just not in your make up, little dove. Just because my lot in life is related to sex, doesn't mean yours is. You can show your appreciation in some other way. I personally wouldn't enjoy you. You're not to my taste."

"But..."

"No. It's final. What WOULD make me happy... is if you found more to occupy yourself. I don't think you should spend your life as just a housewife. Find a hobby, something you enjoy doing." She shrugged and continued to rub Jenny's hip. "I'm fairly certain that you won't have a difficult pregnancy, and I know this one will make it. However, I know there's more in you. I think you should go out and try to do new things. Ask Tippy to teach you a recipe, see if Tulani will teach you to sew; something, anything, other than hanging out in your room and being bored. You've made a few friends and this pleases me, but there's something in you. Spread your wings, little dove." She brushed her fingers through Jenny's hair. "I didn't save your life just to see you not use it."

"Alright." Jenny sighed. 

At the knock on the door, Jenny jumped off the couch and opened it. She blinked and bowed. "C-come in, sir." She stammered

Elunara grinned. "Hey, Varian."

"I've just come to see how you're doing."

"I'm pretty well handled. Though, apparently, healing bones takes longer than my usual injuries." She shrugged. 

"Do you need me to leave?" Jenny bowed her head. 

"Nah, it's not like I can take him here anyway. It makes him nervous." Elunara gave a cat smile. 

He laughed. "I never know what to do with you some days." 

"I know well enough what to do with you."

He walked over, and knelt in front of her. He reached out, and put a hand on her cheek. "You know, you're an uncontrollable show off."

She grinned back. "Well, sweetheart, I just gotta be me."

With a laugh, he stood back up. "I see you're just fine." 

The door opened and Jordan blinked. "Sir!"

"At ease. I just came to check on your wife. That done, I head back to my Keep." He bowed his head and walked out.

"I feel like I just witness something I wasn't supposed to." Jenny whispered. 

"Geez, Baby, I know you and King Wrynn did your time, but that was... odd."

"I, too, am curious as to what that was about." She tapped her pencil to the board. 

"You've... BEEN with King Wrynn?" Jenny marveled. 

"Oh, yeah, plenty. Believe me, that man is STACKED." She licked her lips. 

Jordan shook his head. "You amaze me." He scooped her up. "Ina has a hot soak ready for you, says it'll help your ankle."

"Oo, that sounds lovely." 

He grinned. "I conned her into a big tub, so I can join you."

"Naughty." Elunara grinned at Jenny. "Sorry, dear. I won't need your services any more today."

"Um, can I... can I come with you? I won't... go in."

Elunara shrugged. "I'm fine with it. Hell, if the tub is big enough, you can snag Mark and we can make a thing of it." She blinked. "If that's ok with you." She nuzzled Jordan. 

"I'm all for it."

She groaned as Jordan slipped her into the hot water. "Ugh, I don't do this often enough."

He climbed in behind her and tugged her into his lap. "I agree." He brushed his hands down her breasts and buried his face in her neck. "Think Jenny and Mark will actually join us?"

She leaned back and got comfortable. "Most likely. They both worship me. I had to push Jenny off of me. She thinks sex is the only way to pay me back, but it's not what she wants."

"Ah, well." He wrapped an arm around her belly. 

"She's painfully straight, and quite frankly, she'd be more disturbed by the process than she could ever get enjoyment out of it."

Jordan licked her neck. "You know best." He slipped a pair of fingers into her.

"Ah, yes." She shifted her hips and arched against him. 

"You're always so beautiful." He murmured, before scrapping his teeth across that soft spot in her neck.

She shivered against him, one hand on his leg. With her other hand, she linked fingers with the arm wrapped around her. 

The door opened and Jenny and Mark stared. 

"Well?" Elunara sighed. "Don't just stand there."

They climbed into the other side of the tub and blinked at her. 

"Don't mind us." She grinned. Lifting one hand, she ran her fingers through Jordan's hair and groaned. "Gods, I love when you do that." 

His hips gently bucked against her, his dick sliding in between her ass cheeks. His fingers pumped in and out, as the rest of his hand brushed her thighs. He nibbled his way up her neck and licked behind her ear. Turning her head, she wrapped a hand behind his neck and mated her mouth to his. His tongue flicked into her mouth and scraped against her teeth. With a shudder, she clamped down on his hand. 

Removing his fingers, he brushed his hands down her breasts, before wrapping his arms around her waist and laying his head back. 

"Should I finish you?" She murmured. 

"Nah, I'm good."

"Alright, you just let me know."

"That was... fascinating." Jenny blinked. 

"Mm, that was tame. But I still haven't broken Jordan of that modesty streak."

"Modesty streak, my ass." He lifted his head. "I've spent all damned day worried about your ankle, which sent my mind into ways to get around the blasted ankle, and by time I had the idea for the tub, I'd driven myself insane. I just had to get my damned hands on you before I went crazy."

She giggled. "So you've already blown it?"

"Twice." He laid his head back against the tub. "Crazy bitch." He muttered.

"Ouch." She laughed. "You did it to yourself, my love."

His hands cupped her breasts. "I'm still blaming you."

"I'm ok with that."

He teased her nipples for a bit, before bending forward and biting her neck. 

"Well, you're in quite the mood." She gasped. 

"I can't decide if I want to fuck you or spank you, but I can't do either until that ankle is healed." He muttered.

"Well, so long as the ankle is stabilized..."

"Not for what I want." He licked her neck and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

"Oh, Jordan, you're always making a mess of yourself."

"And it's always directly related to how crazy you make me." He moved a hand down and slipped two fingers into her and just held her there.

Mark pulled Jenny into his own lap. "See, Sweetheart? It wouldn't work."

Jenny sighed. "I guess."

Elunara shook her head. "Little dove, are you still on about that?"

"I want to repay you."

"And I'm saying, that selling yourself short like that, is just damaging to the both of us. Repay me in your own way, not my way." 

"Besides." Jordan sighed. "Elunara doesn't see her body as currency; she sees it as a means to play. I don't know all that much about you, but you seem like a devoted wife who loves her husband. You're just not on Elunara's level."

"He's right. To you, sex is an expression of love. Sure, I've helped you in the past to see your body in a different light, and I've helped you get over the shit your bother drilled in your head, but sex will never be a "fun times" kind of thing. You have sex with the one you love, because you love him. You wouldn't share your body with ANYONE else, don't put ME on your exempt list." She shook her head. "Don't mistake me. I love having toys, I don't LOVE my toys. Mark, I like you well enough, and honey you have some working ability, but I don't "love" you. You're still just a toy."

He shrugged. "I already knew this."

"I'm a shit deal, sweetie. You have a good husband, you should stay with that. Chasing me will only bring you pain."

"If it would make you feel better, I'll stop volunteering myself." Mark cuddled Jenny.

"Well, no. I didn't say that... I'm just so confused."

Elunara wiggled free of Jordan and slid over. Taking Jenny by the waist, she pressed her mouth to Jenny's, even as she wrapped her body around the other woman. After expertly kissing the other woman into a shivering mass, she let go. "Is that what you wanted?" She whispered. 

Mark and Jordan shared a look. 

"I..." Jenny held her hands up and found them on Elunara's breasts. "I..." She tried to untangle herself. "No!" She swallowed and tried to back away. "No!"

Elunara untangled herself and scooted back into Jordan's lap, careful of her ankle. "Exactly. You forget giving yourself to me, and I'll forget this whole kiss happened."

"I'm... I'm sorry."

"Don't be, little dove. I knew it already." 

"Oh, I'm so embarrassed." Jenny put her hands over her face. 

"Don't be. It never happened."

Mark wrapped his arms around Jenny and cuddled her. "You'll think of something else."

"I already told her. She needs to find a hobby, something to do with herself. A small job would be acceptable, be more than just the pregnant wife."

"You can do it, Jenny. I know you can." Mark cuddled his wife.

"I just don't see how having a job would help pay you back..." She sighed. 

"Because there's no such thing as paying me back." Elunara sighed. "Listen to me, every time you mutter the phrase "pay you back" you are just slapping me in the goddamned face, and I'm quite sick of it. I've tried being nice to you, and you're just outright ignoring me. I want you to live your life. What was the damned point of hanging on to you for five fucking days, if all you're going to do is WHINE at me and ignore the advice I so willingly gave you? You are NOT a waste of air, so stop acting like you are."

Jenny gasped and put a hand to her mouth. She climbed out of the tub and started running.

"JENNY!" Mark grabbed for her, before jumping up and following after her.

"Ouch." Jordan murmured. 

"She's driving me NUTS! I've been trying to be nice, but dammit she's thick."

"Oh, I don't disagree with you." He stroked his fingers through her warm folds. "Think they'll be back?"

"Probably not tonight."

Jordan buried two fingers into Elunara. "Good." He licked her neck. "Modesty my ass." He grumbled, as he grabbed her hips and slipped her down on his waiting erection. "I just didn't want to insult Jenny. I don't give a damn about Mark."

"Ahhh, yes." She leaned back. "Much better."

He buried his face in her neck as he bounced her hips up and down, sliding in and out of her. She clung to his legs and groaned as he licked that spot on her neck. He slammed her down hard, and held her against him. "Gods, how I wanted you."

Ina threw herself in front of Jenny. "Girl, I don't know what's bothering you... but you don't want to go outside like that."

Jenny sniffled and looked down. 

Mark wrapped his arms around her. "Sweetheart... come back."

"No!" Jenny grabbed her dress and yanked it over her head. "No, I want out of here." She pushed past Mark. 

He hastily got dressed and chased after her. He finally found her at home, sobbing on the couch. "Sweetheart..."

"How could she be so MEAN to me?"

"She wasn't being mean; she was trying to make you see her point." He rubbed a hand on her back. "If you'd just replay her words, you'd see. She cares a lot about you."

"I just don't understand." 

"Listen, let's sleep on it, and it'll be clearer for you tomorrow." He stood up and pulled her into his arms. "Come on, let's get you to bed. Don't want to stress the baby."

She wrapped her arms around his neck. "No." She buried her face against his chest.