 Elunara stretched and rolled over, putting her foot on the floor. She swore and yanked her leg back into the bed. She sat up and rubbed her ankle. "Gods fucking dammit, why won't you heal faster?"

Grogek laughed. "You have been acting so calm the past couple of days, I've been wondering if you broke...you, instead."

"Eh, shut up."

Tulani giggled. "Yep, she's fine."

Jordan leaned on the doorway. "I don't think Jenny will come back today."

Elunara shrugged. "I doubt it. If she's smart, she won't. She has to learn to stand on her own."

"What did you do to Jenny?" Tulani frowned. 

"I verbally bitch slapped her." Elunara sighed. "She's so hell bent on "paying me back" that she was willing to give herself to me; knowing full well that it would freak her out. I wasn't having it."

"Ah."

"No need to change a relationship over something that shouldn't happen." Elunara sighed and rubbed her ankle. "I want that girl to be more than a pet. She HAS to stand for herself eventually."

Grogek scooped Elunara out of the bed. "You'll help her. Just like you always do."

"I hope so."

He sat her on the couch and handed her the board. "You certain you'll be fine without help?"

"I already took the day off."

Elunara eyed Lucy. "Why?"

"I was having difficulty concentrating yesterday, and I burned my hand." She held up her hand and showed the scar. "Ina fixed me, but I decided that I didn't want another one on top of it." Lucy sighed and sat on the couch. "So, I'll keep you company."

"That's fine. I have three portraits scheduled today. You can help me out."

"Kind of the plan."

Tulani bent down and kissed Elunara. "I'll be out today; Eloise wants to drag me all over the place."

Elunara tugged Tulani into her lap. "Hey, when my ankle's fixed, I want to take you to all the major cities." She kissed Tulani's neck. "We'll make a shopping spree of fancy cloth and you can go nuts."

Tulani giggled. "That sounds delightful."

Elunara nibbled on her neck. 

"Hey now, none of that. Unlike the men, I can control myself." She slid out of Elunara's lap. "And also unlike the men, I couldn't keep your ankle stabilized." She grinned. 

"Aw, but we could try."

Tulani knelt and rubbed her hand on the ankle. "Your rapid healing is certainly coming along."

"Yeah, I guess bones are more difficult." She reached out and flipped the edge of the shawl Tulani wore. "That's new." 

"Oh, I traded one of the ladies a skirt for it. She doesn't sew, but she knits."

"Pretty." 

After everyone else left, Elunara got comfy on the couch. Scribbling a set of runes, she lit them up and summoned some of her prepared sheets.

"Ok, that's really awesome."

"Just a bit of stolen magic." Elunara winked. "You have something on your mind. It would make you feel better if you got it out."

Lucy sighed. "I wanted to apologize."

"Hm?"

"That day after Terica..." She shook her head. "I saw you and Tulani. I watched."

"I know."

Lucy blinked. 

"Sweetie, I was a mission specialist, best of the best, for thirty years. I know when someone is spying outside my door. I, for one, don't care if someone watches me. I did not tell Tulani, because she's still shy and I wasn't about to pause in the enjoyment of my wife over someone peeping."

"I'm sorry." Lucy bit her lip. "I really didn't MEAN to see, and then I couldn't stop looking. And then..." she sighed. "And then it made me realize just how one-sided Terica and I really were. I did all the work, and she did all the moaning at the right moments."

Elunara rubbed Lucy's leg. "I'm sorry."

"I just attributed it to her shy and hesitant nature. Now I realize... it was all a shitty act."

"Oh, Lucy."

Lucy crossed her arms and kicked the chair. Elunara hissed at her ankle. "Oh, shit. Sorry. I wasn't thinking."

"Just don't do it again."

"Just, why did she want us OUT so damned much?"

"Because it was a face she was playing."

"What?"

"She was pretending to be the person she wanted you to believe she was. Even the lunkhead she set up was just a part to maintain her cover."

"But WHY?"

"Sweetheart, don't guess crazy, you'll only hurt yourself." Elunara shook her head. "Nearest I can figure, after all that happened, was that maybe she believed being "out" would cement her cover story with the rest of us." 

Lucy swiped at her eyes. "I am SO tired of crying, damn it. I HATE crying, it makes me feel stupid."

"Don't I know it?" Elunara muttered.

"See, that's the thing..." Lucy sighed and leaned against Elunara. "I thought Terica was the first person to understand me. I thought I could finally be myself. I didn't have to worry about my dad hating me; I didn't have to worry about being alone. She encouraged me to do things, she made me feel important. I never had that before." She laid her head against Elunara's shoulder. "I thought that you were the second person to ever truly see me... just cut through the bullshit and went to the heart of me. Then I find out, you were the only one." Her voice was reflective.

"Lucy..."

"No. No, I know you've got a lot of shit on your plate. I just... I don't know what I want right now. I was kind of hoping you'd let me stay until I figured it out."

Elunara wrapped her arm around Lucy. "So long as you are actively trying to better yourself, you are free to stay."

Lucy let out a breath she didn't know she was holding. "Thank you."

"Now get the door." Elunara kissed the top of Lucy's head.

At the end of the day, Lucy closed the door. "Was that the last one?"

"Yeah, I had to cancel my other two; I need the use of my ankle."

"Can I...?" Lucy fidgeted. 

"Yes, you can cuddle up on the couch."

"Sorry, I was enjoying that earlier." 

Elunara shrugged. "I'm stuck here drawing, so it's fine. I don't mind."

Lucy curled up under Elunara's arm. "Your work is always so fascinating to watch."

"How are things with your dad? I never got to ask."

"Better. I think what you said to him finally got under that skin of his. I'm grateful."

"Good."

"You know..." Lucy finally spoke again after awhile. "It's nice... having someone to watch over me, instead of having to be the one to watch over someone else." She dozed off. 

Tulani found them like that.

"Welcome home, Tuly."

Tulani raised an eyebrow. "Something I should know?"

"She claims to be still figuring it out. She's out by the way. Girl sleeps like the dead."

"Hmm." Tulani walked over and bent down. "Well, she looks peaceful and happy for once."

"Yeah." Elunara sighed and sat her board to the side. "I might have another one in the making."

"Well, you certainly do gather them."

"I want you in my lap, but I can't." Elunara pouted. 

Tulani giggled and adjusted her dress; carefully climbing on to Elunara's other side. "Better?"

"Yes." She brushed her lips against Tulani's. "I will say... that if you don't want me to, I'll do my best to discourage her."

"Me?"

"Your happiness means the world to me. As my wife, you get a say as to whether or not I take on another female. Just as it was Grogek's say as to whether or not I took on any more men."

"Hmm, I rather like that." She kissed Elunara. "But, can you HANDLE any more?"

"Who the hell knows?" Elunara pressed a kiss to Tulani's chest. "I won't even attempt it if you say no."

"Well, this position you've put me in has me rather turned on." Tulani murmured. 

Elunara tugged at her skirt until she could slip a hand under. She ran her fingers through Tulani's soft hairs and to the folds below. "Yes, I'd say you're very turned on." She kissed Tulani's chest again. 

"Are you certain she's... out?"

"Oh, yeah. She knows nothing." Elunara pressed a finger in and wiggled. Using her free hand, she slipped the front of Tulani's dress down and cupped a breast. "You are mine." She sucked softly on the nipple, as Tulani grabbed her shoulders. "I would do anything for you." She whispered. Running her tongue over the exposed breast, she pumped a second finger into Tulani.

Tulani began to rock her hips, and ground against Elunara's hand. 

"Come for me, my Sweetness." Elunara whispered. 

Tulani gasped and shuddered against Elunara. Her body clamped down and she collapsed. "Oh my, what have you done to me?"

Elunara licked between Tulani's breasts. "What is it, love?"

"That I would do that... so close to a stranger." She put a hand to her cheek. Looking down, she shook her head. "She certainly does sleep like the dead."

Elunara tugged Tulani's dress back in order. "Told you. Were you hoping she'd wake up?" Elunara grinned. 

"I don't know what I expected." Tulani laughed. "Fine then, I agree that I'm ok with... whatever happens."

Elunara wrapped her arms around Tulani. "Are you certain?"

"I would have been anyway, but I'm thrilled you included me in the decision." She brushed her lips against Elunara's and Elunara pulled her in closer.

"Mm, whazat?" Lucy groaned. She pushed at the dress in her face. 

"Oh, I'm sorry." Tulani tugged the dress out of the way. 

Lucy jolted up. "I'm so sorry!"

"No, it's entirely my fault. I can't keep my hands off my wife." Elunara laughed. 

Tulani scooted off of Elunara. "I didn't hurt your ankle, did I?"

"Nah."

Lucy's eyes fell on the wet spot on Elunara's leg. She blushed and looked at the other wall. 

"Well, you ARE insatiable. I have some work I want to get to." Tulani kissed Elunara and waved at Lucy before heading into her studio.

"You two had sex, didn't you?"

"Something like that. Sorry." Elunara shrugged. "You were pretty well out. That was probably offensive."

"Ah, no." Lucy turned several shades of red. "I'm jealous I missed it." She mumbled.

"Hm." Elunara put her arm on the back of the couch. "Well, it's up to you what you do from here."

"I..."

Jordan came in the door, followed by Grogek. "Would you STOP that? Every damned time you do it, I get five more idiots in on the rumor!"

Grogek put his hands on Jordan's shoulders. "If you can't handle a few gossips, then you are entirely in the wrong damned house." He laughed. 

"You smacked his ass again, didn't you?" Elunara shook her head. 

"TWICE!" Jordan bent down and kissed her. "And, in front of a whole MESS of people, he calls me "pretty boy"!"

Elunara snorted and coughed, trying to breathe as she laughed. 

"But, it's just so damned funny!" Grogek took his turn kissing Elunara. 

"You're just awful." Elunara wiped her eye. 

"What rumor?" Lucy blinked. 

"That Jordan and Grogek are fucking."

Lucy choked and put a hand to her mouth. "Oh, GODS!"

"See, even the resident female set is horrified by the visual." Elunara cackled. "I don't know which one is a worse visual... Poor little Jordan taking Grogek up the ass, or trying to shove it up Grogek's ass." 

"ACK!" Jordan tossed his hands up. "That's it, I'm going to bed; you have officially killed ANY hard on I might have tried to work up. I'm going to go get a head start on the goddamned NIGHTMARES I'm going to have tonight!" He stomped up the stairs. 

"Love you!" Elunara called out. 

Jordan flipped her off before slamming his door. 

"Woooow." She laughed. Holding up her arms, she shook her head. "Sugarbear, can you take me upstairs, I should talk to him."

Grogek nodded and scooped her up. "Just don't hurt your ankle."

She pushed the door open. He was laying in the bed, still clothed, arms crossed. He looked over and jumped up. "Baby, don't hurt yourself." When she leaned on him, he closed the door and led her to the bed. 

"I was worried about you." She brushed his hair back from his forehead. "You seem really upset by this."

He flopped back on the bed. "It's just... disgusting."

"Well, you know my philosophy. I could make any target believe any damned thing he wanted. But I knew who I was underneath it. Lies and rumor can always be used to your advantage."

"I didn't care when people thought I was after Renwa. I mean, that actually made sense, and my actions didn't help the matter. But... HIM? Ew. I have the hottest wife in history, and they want me to be fucking her extremely large, extremely male, husband. Yeah, no fucking thanks." He shuddered. "The visuals make me sick."

She sighed and struggled to shift over. 

He reached out and slid her into his lap. "You know, I think you're smaller than other night elves."

"Never gave it much thought. Granted, I think you're taller than the average human. I think it balances out somewhere." She shook her head and curled up with him. "You know I love you anyway, right? No matter what other people think or say."

He sighed. "Yeah." He buried his face in her hair. "Gods, I love when you say that. It just makes everything right with the world."

She brushed her fingers over his scar. "You know, Grogek loves you too, right?"

He stiffened. 

"Don't be like that. You are really and truly his brother. Brothers pick on each other. It's just the natural course of things. His real brother is a twit, and hated him growing up. That's why Charnak was so eager to see Grogek dead. It was revenge for all those slights he imagined. My revenge on Charnak was turning him into a simpering, foolish, slave. Now, Grogek has another chance. Regardless of where your ages are, you're his little brother. He loves you to pieces and enjoys teasing you. You can't possibly hate him for it."

"I..." Jordan sighed and ran his hand over her hip. "I didn't think of it like that." He whispered. 

"As for everyone else in the world, they're all morons and why do you care?"

"It's just frustrating and I don't know why." 

"Well, take some time to think on it." She kissed his scar. "Once you find the answer, you can work on dealing with it."

"Stay with me tonight." He murmured. "I don't want sex; I just want to hold you."

"Of course."

He got out of bed and undressed, tugging on his sleeping pants, before helping her get undressed and into the bed. He climbed in behind her, and wrapped his arm around her waist, burying his face in her hair. "I still can't believe I took so long to do this." He murmured. 

She turned towards him and curled up under his arms. "It's enough that you did it."