 She watched him get ready for the day. "You ARE a pretty boy." She grinned. 

He pointed at her. "Don't make me spank you."

With a laugh, she rolled over on the bed, her wrapped ankle held in the air. "Ooo, spank me."

"Oh, Gods, that is a sight to see." He moved over and slipped his fingers through those soft folds and groaned. 

"I was promised spankings." She grinned. 

"Hell with it." He popped himself out of his pants and slid into her, holding her leg against his chest. He worked his way in and out, as he lightly patted her bottom.

"Harder, damn you."

He increased his pace, smacking her ass harder, in time, as he slipped in and out. 

"Fucking give it to me." She growled. 

Hitting her ass hard enough to leave marks, he slammed in and out of her dripping wet folds. The imprint of his hand was what he focused on, as she clamped down around him and he exploded in her. 

He ran his hand over the mark. "Gods, Baby."

She laughed and raked her hand through her hair. "Ah, I haven't done that in ages."

"What?" He released her leg and watched himself drip out of her. 

"Oh, I enjoy it ever so often, but it's not as if either of you would do it normally." She propped up on her elbow. "Of course, if it was frequent, I might not enjoy it as much. Who knows?"

"My brain is still stuck in my balls. What?"

"Sweetheart, I'm all domination, all the time. Occasionally, I enjoy being dominated. Hair pulling, spankings, the ropes; that kind of thing. You're getting better at it, I have to say."

"Oh..." He rubbed her ass and considered. "So, say I have a fantasy about... being dominate..."

"You let me know, sugar, and I'll set it up." She winked. 

"Huh. Maybe." He ran his hand over his scar.

"Can you move? I'd like to sit up."

He backed away. "Oh, yeah, sorry." 

She sat up and ran her hand on his chest. "I can be or do anything you want, Sugar. You just have to speak your mind, and we can make time for it." She put her hands on his chest and pulled up. "I love you." She kissed him.

He wrapped a hand behind her neck and pressed her in deeper.

The knock on the door broke the moment. "Are you two coming out today?" Grogek snorted. 

Jordan helped her to the door. 

"Sorry Sugarbear, Jordan got distracted while dressing and hasn't helped me to my own room."

Grogek rolled his eyes. "Gee, I wonder how." 

She leaned on Grogek. "Sugarbear, can you take me to Ina's? I want her to look at this stupid ankle."

"Of course." 

Grogek carried Elunara through Stormwind. "I take it the talk went well?"

"Number one, I really do want Ina to look at my ankle. Number two, I bought Jordan time to think about how he is going to handle what I said. He's had a bee up his bonnet over the rumors for awhile, and what he can't get a handle on, is how much they hurt his feelings."

"I'll stop."

"No, don't. It's not you. It's actually me. He wants to puff up and brag about his amazing wife... and he can't do that, if everyone thinks it's his delicious husband instead."

"Ah."

She considered. "I'll just have to figure out how to help him. Admittedly, everyone thought he was a wuss, because he always backed out, backed down, and took everyone's shit. He earned rank because he has a quick mind and good battle skills... but his personal life? Total tanker. Even I thought he had no spine in that department. He went from taking shit, to taking dick... yeah, that's gotta grate."

"You'll help him, my love." He kissed her temple before sitting her in a chair. 

"Hey, Ina!"Elunara called out.

"Hold your horses." She grunted.

"Just tell me how my ankle is doing, and I'll be on my way."

Ina closed the door behind her and made her way over. She considered. "Well, you're healing better than I expected." Ina gave her an accusing stare.

"We've used every precaution, and always kept the ankle stabilized."

Ina snorted. "You're also healing way faster than any normal person, but we expected that." She concentrated her magic on the ankle. "If you keep up at this pace, I'd say you got another three days."

Elunara groaned. 

"Hey, most people take weeks. You're taking days. Be grateful."

"Yes, Momma." Elunara snorted. 

Ina gave her a sideways glance. "I'll change the bandage and re set the position a little."

"Hey, did you treat Lucy for a major burn?"

"Week or two ago, why?"

"Oh, I didn't see it until yesterday."

"That girl sure has been gloomy lately. Seemed to perk up a bit after you dumped her with her father." Ina eyed Elunara.

"Yeah, I did. You caught me."

"You're a good person." Ina patted her leg. 

"People keep telling me that."

Elunara sat on the platform and drew the scene before her. 

Jordan sat down beside her and twirled a lock of her hair between his fingers. "You looked like you were deep in thought."

"Just trying to get a handle on things. There are so many balls in the air; I have to wonder which ones I will drop." 

"I was thinking about what you said... about the brother thing? Yeah, I kind of feel silly now."

"Good. Though, you should know that cuddling me in public will go a long way on that rumor."

"If this is one of your ploys..." He cuddled up to her. "It's working."

She grinned. "Much better." 

He ran his fingers through her hair and tugged her face to his. Slowly, he explored her mouth with his own. Teasing and taunting, he slipped his tongue in and out of her mouth, ran it on her teeth and across her lips. He nipped and licked, just enjoying every taste of her. His thumb caressed her jaw. "You're always so beautiful." He whispered. 

"You two really can't keep your hands off of each other."

Elunara grinned up at Renwa. "Oh, hush, we're just trying to combat that silly rumor."

Renwa furrowed his brow. "Which one?"

"The one you threatened to punish us over if you ever had that visual again."

Renwa sighed. "Is THAT going again?"

"Unfortunately." Jordan raked his fingers through his hair. 

"I think it's something you're just going to have to live with." Elunara kissed his cheek.

"I'm still trying to figure it out." He sighed. 

"How's the ankle?" Renwa stooped down and rubbed his hand on her leg. 

"Ina says that, at my rate, she expects another three days."

"Unfortunate."

"Where's Zelinnia?"

"Flipping through back paperwork while Jenny helps with the babies." He frowned. "What did you do to Jenny?"

"Why?"

"Well, she kind of flung herself at Zelinnia yesterday, and before I made my escape, I heard your name mentioned."

Elunara sighed. "Jenny's gotten clingy, and I basically took her face off for it."

Renwa winced. 

"Yeah, I just don't know how to get through that thick little skull of hers."

"Is it really so bad?"

"She tried to barter her body to me."

Renwa smacked his face. "She knows nothing of you, does she?"

"Apparently." 

He stood up. "Well, maybe Zelinnia will help her out."

"As someone's who's seen the sharp end of my temper, yeah probably."

Renwa furrowed his brow. "When was this?"

"When you kissed her, and she ran away like a coward."

"Ah." He chuckled. "Well, whatever you said was to my benefit, so..." He shrugged absently.

"Momma!" The boys ran up to the platform. 

"Momma, we can't find Yoona." Darguni frowned. 

"Ah, she's been over in the orchard behind our house with Savage. They've been keeping to each other lately."

"Aw, I wanted to take her for a walk and show the guys." 

"You can always try; see if she'll let you put the leash on."

"Hey, Dad." Bradly brushed his hair out of his face. "When are you going to start doing Junior Warriors again?"

Renwa's eyes went wide and he glanced at Elunara, who shrugged.

"Ah, I need space. I'll see what I can do."

"Just ask Varian." Elunara shrugged. "I'm sure he'll let you."

"Why don't YOU ask?" Jordan rolled his eyes. "He'll give you anything."

"Because that requires walking." She tapped a pencil to her leg. "If you want me to do it, you'll have to wait a few days." Cocking her head to the side, she drummed her pencil on the board. "You know, I'll see what I can do to cover the cost of letting the kids in the orphanage have a shot. You never know where your next big hitter could come from."

"Lydia isn't limping as much since you yelled at her, Momma." 

Elunara scrubbed her hand on Bradly's head. "Then my babbling got through."

"I'm going to go find Yoona. Bye, Momma."

"Wait for me!" Bradly scrambled up. "Bye Momma, bye Dad."

"DAD?" Renwa blurted.

Elunara giggled and Jordan flushed. "Ah, yeah. It's complicated."

Renwa put a hand to his head. "I need my wife... someone who makes sense." He muttered, as he walked away. 

Jordan and Elunara giggled at each other. 

"That's an enjoyable sound." Grogek grinned at them. 

"Renwa got a load of Bradly calling Jordan "Dad"."

"Damn, and I missed it?" Grogek put his arms up on the platform. 

"Yeah, was hilarious." Elunara put her board to the side and shifted around on to her belly. She kissed the top of Grogek's head. "How are things?"

"Just taking a break." He tugged her down and kissed her soundly. 

"Hey, I was doing that." Jordan pouted. 

"I had her first." Grogek winked.

"Ugh, that is such a brother thing to say." Jordan muttered.

"What was that?"

"Nothing." Jordan crossed his arms. 

Elunara giggled. "You two are adorable." While Grogek supported her legs, she reached out and grabbed Jordan by the neck, pulling his face down to hers. She ran her tongue over his teeth.

"What the hell are you three doing?"

Elunara grinned. "Hello, Varian." She laughed. "It's perfectly innocuous, I assure you."

"Why am I having a ridiculously hard time believing that?" He frowned down at her. 

She snorted. "Because you've met me? Since I can't put my weight on my ankle, Grogek is holding me up, so that I may kiss my second husband."

"Please stop."

She winked. "Not liking the visual?" She tugged herself up on to the platform. 

"I'm more concerned with the three soldiers I saw injure themselves because they were busy staring at you."

Grogek growled. "Seems like they need more training."

"I'll let you handle that." Varian turned back to Elunara. "How's the ankle?"

"Ina says about three days at my current rate."

"Ah, good."

"Need me for something?" She pulled her board back into her lap. 

"No, I..." He hesitated. He cleared his throat. "I was just concerned for your welfare." 

"Sure. We'll go with that." She grinned. "You know, I should do an art sitting for you. I haven't done one for you. At least... for public consumption." She winked. 

"Maybe." He looked out over the soldiers. "They are looking better."

"Grogek will beat them into awesome. He always has." 

Varian turned away from the training yard. "I hope your ankle is better soon." He smiled and left.

Jordan stared after Varian. "Wow, you... unsettle him or something."

She shrugged. "He's in love with me; he just hasn't said it yet."

"Of course." Jordan rolled his eyes. "Why did I expect anything less?"

She continued to sketch Varian's pensive face. "I think he's still trying to figure it out." 

Jordan twirled her hair between his fingers. "Is there anyone you haven't seduced into your loving slave?"

"I'd say Jerry and Louis, but... they're my loving slaves too. I just didn't have to seduce them for it." She sighed. "When my ankle is better, I'll go talk to him."

Jordan snorted. "Talk."

"Hey, one of my "talks" landed you in my lap, so shush."

Jordan grinned. "Having a king as a brother would be fascinating."

"Oh, stop." Elunara giggled. "I should let you know... Lucy's been hitting on me."

"Oh, Lord." Jordan sighed. 

"I can't even begin to guess as to what I should do about it."

"Don't look at me. I'm straight to the core."

"Not according to the rumors." Elunara winked. 

Jordan groaned. 

A week later, with her ankle healed, she sat on the couch, filling in fine details, when the knock came. "Come in!"

Jerry burst through the door and sat in her chair. "I need your help."

"Help with what?" She didn't halt her work.

"With Louis."

"What's the matter?"

"Louis' father is in town, and Louis never told him about... us. Or even that he's gay."

"Can't exactly make him."

"Yeah, but he's making me move out until his father goes back to Duskwood."

Elunara sighed. "Ok, that's a bit much."

"I just don't know what to DO!"

"Have you given him my opinion of lying?"

"He said that he's more afraid of what his father would do to him, than what you would."

"And now I'm a little concerned." She sighed and sat her work down.

Jerry dragged his fingers through his hair. "He said you wouldn't understand anyway."

Elunara just blinked. "Uh, did he forget that Tyrande Whisperwind, my MOTHER, banished me from Darnassus for thirty years, because I liked fucking too much?"

"He says it's not the same." He covered his face with his hands.

Elunara stood up and put her hand on Jerry's back. "I'll do what I can."

"Thank you." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I don't know what I'd do if he left me just to please his father. I need him."

She rubbed her hand on his hair. "I know, Sweetie. I know."

Making her way up to the Keep, she sighed. "Varian, my doll, do you have a few minutes?"

He leaned against the table. "For you? Sure."

"Well, can we take this private?"

His eyebrow shot up. 

"Sadly, not that."

"Oh, fine." He jerked his head towards a door. 

She closed the door and sighed. "I have an odd problem, and I'd like your take."

After her explanation, Varian nodded. "That is unfortunate." He tapped his finger on the table. "Your plan has merit, but we can alter it a little."

Varian and Elunara found Louis with his father. 

"Ah, here he is." Elunara gestured. "Louis, come here a minute."

Louis froze in place.

The man beside him whacked him on the back. "Well, go, son."

Louis marched over as if he was headed to a death sentence. 

"You remember Louis?"

Varian nodded. "Of course I do. But, you said they were a pair. Where is Jerry?"

Louis went sheet white. "Uh, I don't know."

The other man narrowed his eyes. "What?"

"You haven't introduced us, Louis." Elunara raised an eyebrow. 

"Oh. Uh, this is my dad, Hartlet."

"Then this is fortuitous." Varian nodded. "Hartlet, this woman is Elunara, and she was Jerry and Louis' commanding officer back in Draenor."

Louis' eyes went wide, but he wisely kept quiet.

Hartlet shot out his hand. "Pleased to meet you, uh... Elunara. Do you not have a title?"

Varian laughed. "Elunara defies all title. At the time, she was an SI:7 mission specialist. The top of the top. Any title given to her would never be acceptable."

Hartlet's eyebrows shot through his hair. "Then I am doubly honored to meet you."

"Yes, Elunara here was just telling me about her personal favorites, a pair known as Jerry and Louis. I've heard quite a bit."

"Oh, yes, they were inseparable." She smiled. "Whenever I needed a team for any assignment, they were the first I went to. No set worked better together than my Jerry and Louis."

Varian nodded. "She has spoken highly of your work together, and I was hoping to catch you at the same time."

"Well, I... uh."

"I thought you lived together?" Varian cocked his head to the side.

Louis went beet red. "Well, sir... I..." Louis rubbed his neck. "Asked him to move out, since my father was here..."

"Well, that was just foolish." Varian snorted. "If Elunara's words have any merit, as they usually do, breaking up such a pair is detrimental to the Alliance."

Elunara nodded. "Forgive me, Louis, but with as useful as you two have been to me, I felt it fitting to speak to King Wyrnn about a promotion for the both of you. But, since you're not together..."

Hartlet went several interesting shades. "You made him move out for me?" He practically growled. "I would have gladly taken a room at the inn, rather than do harm to... whatever it is. You should go apologize for your folly!" 

Louis stared at Elunara, who barely grinned. "Uh, yes sir."

"Now, Louis, if you would PLEASE find Jerry? Perhaps we shall meet you down at the training yard." Elunara nodded. "Yes. If you don't mind, King Wrynn, we should show Hartlet our troops."

"Of course." 

Hartlet gave a hasty bow. "I would be honored."

"Yes, I was telling King Wrynn how Jerry and Louis were my go to men for any sensitive mission. I could always count on the pair's synchronicity. They were excellent guardsmen, but they operated on a different level from others, because of their deep bond." She nodded. "When I needed men to protect the Admiral's wife, well, it was Jerry and Louis I went for. It's so hard to find reliable men like that. Especially a pair that works SO well together." 

Hartlet blinked at the training yard. "You have an orc..."

"Oh, that's my husband, General Grogek." She waved a hand.

"Buh?" 

She pointed. "That's my second husband, General Jordan."

"Second?" 

"I'm also married to a female Draenei named Tulani. She's probably off raiding the tailor shop of any fabric she finds pretty."

Hartlet openly stared at her. "You WHAT?"

Varian laughed. "Yes, our Elunara defies all logic. Two husbands and a wife... would you believe that?" 

"Don't forget my children."

"Or your cats."

"Of course."

"Yes, Elunara is a rare jewel. Some people openly worship her as a Goddess."

She didn't have to fake the annoyance in her sigh. "I do hate when you bring that up."

"Yes, she may defy all logic, and have the strangest family... but she is highly prized and our top agent. Not only is she ruthless, cunning, and daring, but she has THE highest success rate of any mission specialist in the SI:7. Even Mathias himself makes decisions based on her assessment of a situation. So, when she told me that these two men were so valuable, of course I listened."

She nodded. "They won't let you down."

"Your word is law." He gave her a half bow.

"My word says that these two men should never be apart."

"Then is it so." Varian nodded. 

Hartlet just continued to stare.

"Ah, here they are now." Elunara grinned.

Jerry stared at her. 

"Ah!" Varian smiled and nodded. "There you are. Now that you are both together, it has come to my attention that I should correct an oversight. On the caveat that you two are always together, I am making you both officers. Elunara has told me at great length how beneficial the two of you have been to her. I hope you both continue to serve under her as a team."

"Tulani!" Elunara waved her hand. "Why are you down here?"

"Am I interrupting?" Tulani eyed Varian.

"Oh, no. Jerry and Louis just got a promotion."

"Oh, I'm so glad for you both." She smiled. "You deserve it."

Elunara tugged Tulani over and kissed her, as she slid her hands down Tulani's ass. "So, why are you here?"

"Oh, you've made me forget."

Elunara shrugged. "Don't worry, Sweetness, it'll come to you." She looked over. "Oh, Tulani, this is Hartlet. Louis' father. Hartlet, this is my wife, Tulani."

Tulani smiled and held out her hand. "How nice to meet you."

Something flicked across Hartlet's face, but his tone remained polite. "Nice to meet you, too."

Tulani tugged her hand back. "Well, since I can't remember, I'm going to head on and see how Zelinnia is faring."

"Alright." Elunara brushed her lips across Tulani's. "Be good." She winked. 

"I won't even TRY to tell you the same." Tulani giggled as she moved away.

"There goes the smartest woman in this city." Varian chuckled. "Well, my goal has been fulfilled." He nodded. "Jerry, Louis, continue to do Stormwind proud." Varian stroked a hand down Elunara's back. "As you were." He turned and left. 
