 Cast of Characters

---------

Jake Freemon - Main character 

Gen - Jakes first Jinn 

Jinn - What the genies are called 

Tommy - Friend of Jake's and fellow worker

Mary - Boss's daughter

Juno - Jakes big Boss and Mary's Father

Jinn Council - Council of major Jinns

Yasmen - Gen's mother

Doctor - the Jinn doctor

Rasmir - Gen's father

Rosalinda -Jake's second Jinn -Once called Dreama

Rashala - Gen's niece and Jake's 3rd Jinn

Tankena - evil brother of Rasmir

Sheeka - former evil female Jinn Jake's 4th Jinn

Akeesha - Sheeka's twin sister 

Rita - older female and one of Juno's sisters 

Tina - Rita's daughter

Trully - second Jinn doc Rasmir's little sister

Nyrae - Juno's powerful Jinn

Nuha - Leader of Deadly Trio

Abla - sister of Nuha member of Deadly trio

Fatin - sister of Nuha third member of trio

Tyrin - neighbor of Nyrae's parents

Aahil - one of the twin Jinn princes

Aalee - other twin Jinn prince

Amira - Jinn Princess sister of twins

--------------------------

Jake had stopped by the construction site to check on all the progress so far. The former foreman of the job had been let go for not only wasting money but time also. Jake looked around the place with a bit of nostalgia this was where it all had started for both him and Juno. As he was walking the site it suddenly hit him that there might possibly be others out there that might have found Jinn items or even Jinns. Shuddering Jake hoped that there weren't any really bad ones out there. 

As he understood it a Jinn at first was neither good nor bad that usually happened later. It was usually the behavior of their master that ultimately determined just how the Jinn would be. Shaking his head there had obviously been some really awful humans out there that had found the now bad Jinns. 

So far the project was proceeding on schedule with all the adjustments Jake had made being implemented. With a sigh Jake also realized that all of this could be in ruin in no time if he and his Jinns failed in the upcoming conflict. They had to win that was all there was to it! 

Mary had been twitching since she got there with anticipation. God she had to have Jake again! Three of the most satisfying orgasms she'd ever had were with him. The man was a damn sex machine and she was damned bound and determined to use him again! Reaching between her legs she could already feel her vagina leaking at just the thought of Jake planted deep within her. Mary was about to orgasm, three fingers buried deep within her, when a pair of eyes appeared on her screen. 

"I'm trying! Damn it! I'm so close, yes I know! He's coming here today, with the energy I release it should help sustain you more. Now shut up and help me!" Mary panted out as a cock made of energy replaced her fingers and started to pump at a rapid speed. "That's it yes!" Mary's orgasm started then just as suddenly fizzled out, though this was a hell of a lot closer than she'd ever been except with Jake. 

There was a sigh and a small amount of energy went from Mary into the screen. Mary's eyes flew open that was an actual audible sigh! She was finally close she could feel it, one or two times more with Jake would do it she was sure. Mary wasn't sure but for only a brief moment she could see a face, a very beautiful face but a face none the less. 

Jake was taking his time at the site he wasn't sure what was going to happen at Juno's office but he wanted to be ready. Mary could be an evil master, or she could just be a master. Then again she could also be one of those nymphomaniacs who liked the fact that he could go as long as he did. Sighing Jake did one more spot check of the site then climbed into his truck to head to Juno's office. 

Mary was having a harder and harder time sitting still on her seat the closer it got for the time Jake should get here. Sighing, she also knew that Jake would see her father first before he really concentrated on much of anything else. A sigh drew her attention back to her computer screen again, "He should be here soon I just hope that the energy I release is enough to free you." She could swear she heard another sigh though this one sounded more like a hopeful one. 

Jake parked in the underground garage in the place that was now reserved just for him. "Gen, Rosalinda, Rashala, Sheeka, and I know you are there also Akeesha." Jake said as each one appeared before him. "I want to make sure that none of you are jealous. I'm not really sure what Mary wants, but I have a pretty good idea, especially after last time." 

Both Gen and Rosalinda bowed to Jake, "Neither of us will ever be Master Jake, it is what we are here for. If you are afraid that we will think that you do not love us, fear not, we can feel your love most deeply." Gen told Jake. 

"I also know that you love me Master Jake that much was clear when you released me from my prison of a bottle." Rashala added to her sister's confessions. 

Sheeka shyly stepped forward and in a low voice told him, "I carry your child Master the first of many special children. I know that you love me no matter how many you have. I also know that you are impossible to resist." Leaning close she whispered, "I expect that sometime soon Akeesha too will have a need to have you buried deep within her. You are the first male she has ever respected; I think she will desire you soon, if she doesn't already." 

Jake was shocked for a moment he looked at Akeesha not really believing it. Yes, he would if she truly desired to but he would NEVER force her. Just as he has with his Jinns it would be her decision and hers alone. 

Nodding Jake stepped out of his truck and started toward the elevator. Mary clicked several buttons when she heard an alert that she'd set up. Ah! There he was coming up now! She felt her pussy start to leak even more with anticipation as she watched Jake in the elevator car. Damn the man was hot as hell! Looking at her screen she wished he'd hurry up and get here. She heard a sigh then what sounded like a soft grunt, then nothing. 'What the hell was that,' Mary thought. 

Jake was about to exit the private car in Juno's office when he felt the magic. Magic what the hell was going on? *"Gen? Did you or any of the others feel that?"* 

*"I'm not sure Master it felt like a weak Jinn's power a very weak Jinn though it is hard to tell. This feels very strange,"* Gen replied. 

*"Master it feels as if it is a Jinn that may be dying of a curse. The Jinn feels as if they are being kept alive through the life force of its master. Master! We have to do something! The master will die if we don't!"* Rashala suddenly cried out. 

*"Thank you, can you tell where exactly they are?"* Jake asked of all of them. 

*"That's the thing master the Jinn feels as if they are all around us."* Rashala answered. *"I have increased your protection master I just hope it didn't hurt the Jinn."* 

Jake nodded Rashala was right he too could feel the very weak power of the Jinn. Had Jake not been feeling different Jinns over the last few weeks he too might have missed it. *"Alright we go slowly, IF we can help I want to, but as I said we go slow."* 

*"Yes Master Jake, I await your orders as do we all."* Rashala responded. 

The car dinged and Jake was in Juno's office giving his report, the mere fact that he was there was more than enough to brighten Juno's day. Finally finished Jake took a deep breath and walked out the door. 

Closing the door Jake heard a voice behind him, "Well hello sexy, been waiting on you all day." Turning Jake saw that Mary had one leg on the desk, the other on the floor and at least three fingers buried past her knuckles in her pussy. "I've been waiting for you to call after the party," here she made a fake pout; "I thought you might be mad at me." 

That almost convinced Jake that there was magic involved she really shouldn't remember the party that well. Narrowing his eyes Jake stared at her, "What are you after Mary? Huh? Why do I feel it is more than sex you want? So wanna talk about it?" 

A sudden worried look appeared on her face then Jake saw her slightly concentrate, uh huh he thought so there is a Jinn here but where? It was so weak like it was spread... "I can help you Mary, really I can. 

"No one can help me, no one," Mary spit out. 

Mary was about to wish she wasn't there, when Jake said the one thing she hadn't expected him to. "If you continue to use your life force it will kill you both." 

Mary's mouth dropped open how in the hell did he know unless... Bowing low Mary refused to look up. "Sir before you kill me. Please spare her?" 

Jake's mouth dropped open why in the hell did everyone think he was going to kill them? What the hell was up with everyone any way? "Well for one thing, I am not here to kill you. Second I am actually here to try and help, that's the main reason I came, though I wasn't expecting to find another master here." 

"Sir," Mary said from a prone position on the floor, "I am more a care taker of her. I have been trying to save her for almost 20 years now. The energy I released with you has helped her greatly but she is still so weak." 

Jake nodded; yup she was a master or mistress whatever. "Please get up I will not kill you, may I help? Rather may we?" 

Mary looked up tentatively then drew in a sharp breath as not one or two but five Jinns appeared around Jake. "Wh... Who are you?" Mary's mouth dropped open and she fell back to the floor. "I said I would do all I could to free her, there is no need to punish me or her anymore! Please sir, release her she has learned!" 

Jake was rolling his eyes; what, she thought he was part of the council? Geez! Give him a break. "I am not from the council these are my Jinns well four of them, the other is the sister of one of my Jinns." Jake looked over Mary's desk then asked Gen and the others to call the Jinn. Within moments a pair of sad eyes appeared on Mary's computer screen. 

"Ah! Master there she is!" Gen suddenly said. "I see why she is so weak she is stretched over miles and miles!" Gen nodded to the other Jinns then looked at Jake. 

"I wish that Mary's Jinn was whole here in this office." There was a slight pop in the air then a face appeared on the screen. A low whispering voice suddenly filled the room. 

"Thank you Master Jake, my mistress has tried so hard to save me. I am afraid that I am cursed to remain here for all eternity." The sad voice told all of them. 

Jake just smiled then closed his eyes, for a moment Jake wasn't getting anything then he had the answer. Turning to Mary Jake told her, "You have to wish her to no longer be bonded to your life force; that is the only way we can free her." 

Mary was staring at Jake like he'd lost his mind, "Are you crazy? If I wish for that she will die NO! I won't let her die!" 

"We can release her, you and I but you have to sever the bond or she WILL be lost forever. I know what I am talking about, ok?" Jake told her. 

Mary's lips were trembling as she looked at first Jake then his Jinns, ALL of his Jinns. Sighing she took a deep breath and stated, "Inger I wish for my life force bond with you to be severed." There was a huge whoosh then suddenly Inger smiled. 

Mary looked at Jake and felt as if her jaw hit the floor! Holy god! He was gorgeous! Panting she started to rip her clothes from her body, and then threw herself at Jake ripping all his clothes off as fast as she could. Mary felt as if she was on fire, her vagina was a river, god she had to, she had to! Almost savagely Mary jammed her pussy all the way down Jake's cock screaming at the sheer heat and hardness of him. 

Jake was a little surprised though he was kind of upset he liked that shirt, oh well. Mary was definitely hot as hell right now. Screaming Mary had her second orgasm within minutes. It wasn't enough she had to have more! Jake rolled them both on the floor and took over driving his member with increasing force causing Mary to scream her approval then she had her third orgasm! 

Jake was surprised but had to keep going they needed all the energy they could produce he could already feel the Jinn in the computer starting to solidify. Mary was already tight but now she seemed to get an even more vice like grip on him as he started to drive even harder into her. Mary had already stopped talking and was only alternating between screaming, grunting, and panting. Damn Mary thought I've not had three orgasms in a long time oh god it feels so damn good! 

Jake could feel Mary starting to tighten up as well as his seed building within his scrotum. Damn he thought don't know if I can hold this 'til she does she's so hot she's... Mary started to pull Jake as deep as she could oh god! She had to have all of him he was what she'd needed all this time! Jake knew there was no way he could hold it off Mary's urging was about to drive him crazy! With a roaring yell he felt his balls start to empty deep within Mary. 

Mary could feel Jake's hot seed fill her that was all it took as she started to convulse with the strongest orgasm she'd ever had! Both of them lay there a few moments later trying to regain their breath when they both heard a ripping sound then the sound of a body hitting the floor. 

Both of them rolled away from each other and looked at the naked woman lying on the floor at their feet. Jake had to do a double take, what the hell?! She looked exactly like Mary! Not a damn twin but an exact carbon copy of her! 

"Inger is that you?" Jake heard Mary ask in a weak, shaking voice. 

Jake heard the woman weakly respond, "yes mistress, I thank you for freeing me I have been imprisoned for so long. It is strange to finally breathe again!"