 Gerald whistled all the way home. Ever since Chrissy, he had fewer reasons to hang out after work, and he'd already gotten himself worked into quite a state, thinking about her all day. He popped open the door and breathed in whatever she was cooking. It smelled amazing. He tucked his gear away in the closet by the door.

He slipped in behind her at the stove, wrapped his arms around her waist and rubbed himself against her ass. "Hello, beautiful."

She put the spoon down and turned around. "Well, someone is happy to see me." Pushing him back against the other counter, she stooped down and pulled him free of his pants. "Very happy." She slipped her mouth over him. 

He groaned and ran his fingers through her hair. "Gods, Chrissy..."

As she sucked on him, she tugged his pants the rest of the way down. Grabbing his ass, she went crazy on his dick. She reached down, and grabbed the hem of her dress. When he was gasping, and plenty wet from her mouth, she stood up and turned around, bracing against the counter. She held her skirt up around her waist, exposing her ass.

"Give me what I want." She whispered.

"With pleasure." He pressed himself into her ass with a groan. Thrusting in and out of her tight ass, he reached forward and pulled the front of her dress down and freed her breasts. His fingers found her nipples and he licked the back of her neck. When she called out and clamped down on him, he grinned. "Nah, I'm not quite done." He whispered

He increased his pace, slamming in and out of her ass, his balls smacking against her front. She lost grip on the counter and lay against it, panting and desperate. His fingers went down and pumped into her front. "Come for me again, baby. I know you have it in you."

She shivered against him, gasping and whimpering. When she clamped down again, he let himself go with a grunt. 

He wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his face in her hair. "Gods, I love you." 

Laughing, she managed to get her grip back on the counter and pushed up against him. "I can tell."

He tugged himself free of her and she turned around. Gerald captured her mouth and ran his hands down her ass. "Mine." 

She winked. "My ass, or me?"

"Yes." He returned the wink. Looking over at the pot, he breathed in. "What ARE you cooking?"

"Tippy gave me the recipe."

"Sweet."

Later that night, Chrissy was curled up under his arm. The soft and slow love making had him nearly asleep, and she rubbed her fingers across his chest, the ring on her finger winking in the twilight. 

"Gerald?"

"Hmm?" He tightened his grip on her. 

"I want a baby."

"Anything you want." He mumbled. "Is yours."

Elunara prepped her board. She whistled to herself as she packed the pencils and paper she would need later. 

"Elunara?"

"Yeah, Sweetness?"

"Can you come out here?"

Elunara closed her board and headed out. "Do you need my he..." She stared. "Idabuhwa?" 

Tulani sat on the couch in some frilly lace thing that left nothing to the imagination. "Do you like it?"

Elunara licked her lips. "I don't think "like" appropriately covers... or lack of covers it." Elunara held up her hands. "I believe you've broken my brain." She reached out and ran a finger under the strap on Tulani's shoulder. "What in the world is it?"

Tulani giggled. "I'm glad you like it. I've been designing a line of things. Since I'm stuck at home..." She sat up. "I thought I'd get some use out of it."

"How fragile is this thing?"

Tulani shrugged. "I guess we should find out."

"Hold on, I want to see all of you." 

Tulani stood on one hoof, the other hoof propped on the couch. 

Elunara turned and ran into the Library, grabbing her board and heading out. She quickly began to sketch. "That thing is amazing. Turn a little, but stay off the hoof."

Tulani shifted around. 

"Dear Gods, Tulani..."

Tulani giggled. "I'm glad you enjoy it." 

"Turn."

Tulani slid both knees on to the couch and held on to the back of it. 

Elunara sketched like a maniac. "I can't wait to see the rest of the line." She dropped her board in the chair and tugged her clothes off. She climbed on the couch behind Tulani and ran her hands on the lace. "You take beauty, and make it pure sex. I like that."

"Then you'll love the pieces I designed for you to wear."

Elunara reached forward and brushed her hands down Tulani's breasts. "The men will be curse and praise your name."

Tulani looked back and grinned. "You'll kill them."

Elunara crushed her mouth to Tulani's. Her hands worked their way down to Tulani's hips and one went forward to the lace panties, and rubbed the fabric against Tulani's folds. "Mm, I have an idea." Elunara's other hand went down to Tulani's tail and began to rub little circles under it. Tulani gasped and clenched the couch. Elunara shifted herself and straddled Tulani's back. Another adjustment and she pressed her slick folds over the tail. She ground her hips against Tulani.

Tulani gasped. "Oh, my that's... AH!" 

Elunara sucked on Tulani's shoulder, and one hand came up and teased Tulani's breast through the soft lace. The other hand pressed into Tulani, soft lace tickling her. Elunara rocked her hips against Tulani, slick against the tail. The lace around Tulani's tail was creating fascinating sensations for both of them. Tulani shivered and bucked backwards, and Elunara shuddered against Tulani. 

"Oh... oh that's..." Tulani hung on to the back of the couch.

"Mm, I think I like that position." Elunara licked Tulani's neck.

"I think I do too." She managed. She shivered again and her tail went wild.

Elunara winced and looked down. "I think your tail is telling me it's done." She rubbed the inside of her leg.

"Oh, I'm so sorry."

Elunara rubbed Tulani's ass. "It's alright sweetness."

Jordan opened the door and stared. "Uhh, can I get in on this?"

Elunara looked back and laughed. "Hello, sugar."

Grogek stuck his head in the door. "Well."

Elunara climbed off of Tulani and laughed. "Oh, you two."

Tulani blushed and curled up on the couch. "I guess my timing was off."

The boys ran in and stopped. "Uh, the sign wasn't up."

Elunara put her hands on her hips and sighed. "Just go to bed, the both of you."

They escaped with their lives. 

"Come on, Sweetness, let's get you to bed." 

Grogek walked over and scooped Tulani up. "I've got her." 

"Just sit her on the bed; I've got to change her bandage."

Jordan laughed. "Looks like Tulani invented something interesting."

"You're telling me. She shorted out my brain." Elunara began cleaning up. 

Jordan grabbed her hips. "I still want in on this." 

"Ah, well. I guess I can do my plan tomorrow night."

"Plan?" Grogek leaned over the banister. 

"I'll explain it in a minute." 

She finished wrapping Tulani's hoof. "Hopefully tomorrow we can get Ina to heal it." 

"Well, since you'll be busy tomorrow night..." Jordan stroked a hand down Elunara's back.

Elunara grinned at Grogek. "Do you want in on it?"

He laughed. "The scrawny little man can have you tonight. But I want my night, the day after tomorrow."

"Can do." She dragged Jordan into his room.

Grogek waited until they left. He turned and helped Tulani get into bed comfortably. "Ok, now about getting one of those for Elunara..."

Tulani grinned. "Meet me in my studio tomorrow night after she's left."

King Wrynn yawned and stretched as he made his way to his room. He stowed his armor and stripped down to his pants. Scratching the back of his neck, he turned around, and almost jumped out of his skin. 

Lying in bed, Elunara had her board propped against her legs. "Gods, you are so damned sexy. Hold on, turn back around, I want to do justice to that fine ass of yours."

Varian laughed and turned around. "Better?"

"Yeah, hold on..." She flicked her eyes up and down. "There we go."

He turned back and put his fists on his hips. "What ARE you doing?"

"Dancing the cha cha, what does it look like I'm doing?" She continued to flick her eyes up and down. 

"No, I mean, why are you in my bed?"

"I already told the family where I was going. I figured I hadn't seen you in awhile, so here I am. I do like these relaxed portraits. You're quite fine to look at. Sadly, I can't share these with anyone."

He tugged the board out of her hands. "You tread on dangerous water."

She grinned. "Oh, fucking you was part of the plan. I just wanted to get some art in while I was at it."

"Oh, if that's the case..."

"Careful with my board, please." 

He handed the board back to her. She added a few details, before closing up her work, and stowing it under the bed. She climbed out of the bed and dragged her fingers down his chest. 

Crushing his mouth to hers, he grabbed her hips and yanked her to him. Her lips barely parted and he took his advantage, burying his tongue in her mouth. Their lips parted and mated, his tongue tracing her teeth and capturing hers. He mated and danced, his hands going up the back of her shirt.

Elunara gasped. "I'd say someone missed me." She licked her teeth.

He yanked her shirt off and went back for her mouth, groaning at the feel of her breasts against his chest. He tripped her backwards and they landed on the bed. He stood up and yanked her pants off. 

"Varian!" She gasped.

He shoved his pants to the ground. "I need you." He whispered, before capturing her mouth again. In one swift movement, he was buried in her, his hands on her hips. One arm came up and wrapped behind her head. He sighed and the tension went out of his body. He buried his face in her neck. 

"Since when do you rip clothes?" She laughed. "Hell, since when are you not slow and methodical?" She brushed her cheek against his. 

"I'm sorry." 

Elunara blinked at the ceiling. "Did I break into the right castle?"

He groaned and turned over, staring at the ceiling. "You do something to me. I've been purposely avoiding the training yard, on the off chance I'll run into you."

She sat up. "Ok, I broke into the wrong castle."

He wrapped his arm around her and tugged her back down. "Nuh, uh. You're not leaving."

"Well, I have to eventually."

"Not til morning." He held himself above her. "First, I have to make up for that shitty performance." He kissed her softly. "Second, I have to make up for lost time." He kissed her again. "Third, I just want you."

She pulled him down and pressed her lips to his. This time, he was slow and gentle, savoring the taste of her. His fingers threaded through her hair, as his thumb brushed her temple. 

When he straightened up again, she grinned. "That's the Varian I know and love." She purred.

His eyes went wide and he froze in place. "Wait, love?"

She cocked her head to the side. "Hm. Well, I guess I do. At least a little bit."

"That's enough for me." He whispered.

He took her mouth again, slow and deliberate. His hands roamed down her body, caressing her belly, before slipping down into those short, soft curls. His fingers found those beautifully soft folds, and slipped their way through. One at a time, he slipped his fingers in, shifting around, feeling her deep inside. Little by little, he worked his way, using his mouth on her jaw and neck. Nipping his way down, he found that wonderful spot in her neck. 

She writhed beneath him. "Varian." Soft as a whisper, and it drove him mad. 

His mouth found her nipple, even as his fingers explored that deep warmth. Sucking and nipping, he teased her into a frenzy, before kissing his way down her belly. Finally, he came to his destination, and laid his tongue flat against her, licking that wetness around his fingers. Pulling his fingers free, he replaced them with his tongue, sucking that pink hood. 

With a gasp, she grabbed his head, her fingers going through his hair. 

He grabbed her shifting leg and pressed wet kisses across it, his fingers returning to her inside. Mercilessly, he teased the insides of her thighs. When she clamped down on his fingers, he grinned. Shifting upwards, he slipped himself inside that dripping wet center. Once again, he took possession of her lips, mixing flavors in her mouth. 

"For tonight, you are mine." He growled, before filling her with a groan. 

Elunara stretched and shifted. "Mm, morning."

Varian buried his face in her neck. "Damn the morning."

She stroked his side. "Yet, it always comes."

"I know something else that's about to." He rolled over on top of her and slipped inside. Her legs came up against his sides, and he groaned as he ran his hand up her leg. He danced his lips with hers, savoring the moment. Slowly, he moved down her jaw and down to her neck. Raking his teeth against that soft spot, he was pleased to feel her writhe beneath him. 

When they were done, he lay in bed and watched her dress.

"You know, I left my clothes on specifically for you."

He sighed. "You know what I like, and I screwed it up." 

She shrugged. "I like the work I got out of it." She winked. Picking up her board, she added a little more detail. "I should do this more often." She murmured. 

He slid out of bed and ran his hands down her hips. "Can we?"

"Of course." She winked. "I'll try to schedule it."

He laughed. "Oh, so I'm a schedule now."

Running a finger under his chin, she giggled. "You're my Varian. That's what you are."

"I like the sound of that." He grinned. 

"Forgive me if I take the traditional exit."

Pulling her to him, he laid his lips on hers. With a wink and a grin, she climbed out the window and jumped. 

A few days later, Varian whistled to himself and listened with half an ear. 

"Father!"

Varian blinked. "What?"

"Are you even listening?"

"Uh, yeah. Sure, Anduin." 

Anduin shook his head. "You're acting like you do when..."

Varian plucked a flower out of a vase and twirled it in his fingers. 

"By the light, has that Night Elf been back?"

Varian rolled his eyes. "Her name is Elunara."

Anduin groaned. "Father... I don't see how you can live with what she is." 

"Amazing?" Varian snorted. 

"Isn't she MARRIED now?"

"Two husbands and a wife, your point?"

Anduin just stared. "She..." He shuddered. "How can she have TWO husbands and a WIFE?"

"Because she does." Varian examined the little flower. It was the same shade as Elunara's hair. 

"That just SPITS on the concept of marriage!"

Varian shrugged. "Elunara doesn't do "normal"."

Anduin raked his fingers through his hair. "Father, are you INSANE? You're dallying with a married woman. With... with... ugh. Are you even taking this logically?"

"I really don't understand why this makes you so angry." He shrugged. 

"I just wish you'd sit and think about the kind of woman you're having an affair with."

"Hmm. I do that plenty..." He mused. 

"You can't keep a... married woman as a mistress. Think of what this would DO if it got out... Where are you going?"

"To... inspect the troops."

He made his way down, and was pleased to see Elunara on the platform, sketching away. She grinned up at him. "Hello, Lover."

"Can I speak to you privately?"

"My house is empty."

"That will do."

He followed her home. "No one is at home?"

"Well, I just saw Jordan and Grogek at the training yard, the boys are probably still on stable duty..." She sat her board on the couch and knocked on a door. She pushed it open. "Lucy?" Closing the door, she went to Tulani's studio. "Hey, I need to close this."

"Alright."

"Tulani is home, but she's been giggling over her secret project, so she won't hear us. Not that she tries to." She flopped on the couch and picked up her board. "What's up?" She grinned. "You didn't look like you came for a cuddle."

He laughed. "You drive me insane." At her grin, he laughed. "You do. I've been trying to figure out how to... deal with you. I don't want to marry you, and I certainly don't want to be part of your... family. I've been trying with a mild desperation to work this out... and I feel like an idiot."

She laughed. "Oh, lord... you've made a mess of yourself."

He pointed at her. "Your fault."

With a shrug, she added the new pose to her boards. "Where you going with this, love?"

"I can thank Anduin for this one."

Her eyebrows shot up. 

"He called you my Mistress. I rather like the idea."

Elunara shook her head and sighed. "You and your titles." She sat the board to the side and got up. She placed her hands on his chest plate and brushed her lips against his. "If titles help you organize your life, and deal with your emotions, then I'll gladly take your title."

He released the tension in his body. "Thank you." He put his forehead to hers. "And thank you for not making me feel even stupider than I already feel."

She giggled. "You are a riot, dear Varian."

"Now... I feel rather uncomfortable here."

"I know." Brushing her fingers under his chin, she kissed him again. "Go run your kingdom."

After he left, she sat on the couch and went nuts with her boards. 

That's where Jordan found her. "I saw you walk off with King Wrynn... did he...?"

"No, he refuses to fuck me in my home." She shrugged and added the fine detail. "No, he came to give me ANOTHER official title." She giggled and rolled her eyes.

"What now?"

"His Mistress." She grinned.

Jordan choked. "He made it a title?"

Elunara handed him a sheet of paper.

He stared at it and choked. "Can I have a copy of this? I'm so hanging it in my room."

She laughed. "It's yours."

"King Varian Wrynn, looking awkward, I like it." 

"You can NEVER tell him about that."

"Are you insane? I like living, thank you." He laughed.