 Elunara sat on the platform, drawing her little hand off. 

Gerald sat beside her with a sigh. "Help meeee." He groaned.

"What now?"

"Chrissy wants a baby."

"Uhhh, not my job. Are you having trouble completing?"

"No. It's Chrissy. She's driving me mad. Ever since she got in on the baby craze, she's been doing everything she can and moaning over it not working."

"How long have you been trying?"

"A month."

Elunara paused and rolled her eyes. "Uh, that's not nearly enough time."

"You think I haven't TRIED to tell her that?" He rubbed his crotch with a wince. "She left bruises on me last night."

Elunara put a hand on his shoulder and shot him with energy.

He blinked. "Uh, thanks."

"I have two husbands... I learned a couple of tricks."

"Anyway, she's been trying to "stack the deck" and has been asking people all kinds of crazy personal questions, including trying to get me to... compare my junk, to other men. If she doesn't get knocked up soon, I might just kill myself and save the misery."

"You're an idiot."

"Why am I the idiot?"

"Send her to me. I HAVE all those embarrassing personal details. I have details she hasn't even thought of, AND I can recommend sexual positions that may or may not work, but they'll certainly spice things up."

"Yeah, I'm an idiot. Why didn't I think of that?"

Elunara reached out and patted his leg. "Because you're stressed. Also, I need to tell her that stressing makes her life more difficult..." She tapped her chin. "Send her my way, dear. I'll handle it from there."

Elunara opened the door and smiled at Chrissy. "Come on in. Gerald said you were looking for some advice on getting knocked up."

"Ugh, we've been trying and trying and it's just not WORKING!"

"How long have you been trying?"

"Well, actively trying for about a month..."

"A month? Honey, a month is nothing in the start of a pregnancy. Most healers can't even detect a pregnancy until it's in the early third month. Sensitive ones can give you at two."

"But, we've had SO much sex since we've been together, and I'm not pregnant yet!"

"You do realize that babies are brewed in the front, right?"

Chrissy rolled her eyes. "Of course."

"Just checking... with your preferences... ya never know."

Chrissy sighed. "I'm not stupid."

"Didn't say you were. I do have to tell you, stressing about this is just going to make your life more difficult. Most women I've talked to got pregnant when they weren't even trying. And women who want to get pregnant are less likely to when they're stressed out about something. Pushing yourself so hard, won't help anyone."

"But, I just want it so badly..."

"What did I teach you last time?"

"Relax, breathe, feel."

"Exactly. Now, Gerald said you wanted some... personal information?"

"Yeah..." Chrissy fidgeted. "I was just trying to understand how we... stack up."

"Alright. Before I let you in my library, you must SWEAR to me, that all information I give you will be kept to yourself. I hear you utter a SINGLE piece of information and there will be hell to pay!"

Chrissy nodded. "I swear."

Later, Elunara leaned against the door. "Remember to hit up Ina, see if she can recommend you a sensitive, one who specializes in pregnancies and babies. You'll need her later anyway."

"Alright! Thank you!"

A week later, Elunara stared at Chrissy and Gerald. "You want me to what?" She put her hand over her mouth.

"Well, Mayby told me that sometimes guys have trouble with the quality of what they're putting out. At first I was going to just ASK you, but then Gerald said that he came in your ass, so you wouldn't even know. So, I figured I'd just get him to give you a sample and you could judge."

Elunara eyes flicked to the brilliant red Gerald, before going back to Chrissy. "You're taking advice from MAYBY?"

"Well, she has two, and a third on the way, I thought I'd ask if she had any secrets. And since you've seen a LOT of guys stuff, including the ones that have kids, then you'd be the best one to judge."

Elunara smacked her forehead. "First, don't take advice from Mayby. Ever. Second, if I DO this, will you stop harassing the poor man?"

"She'll just find something else to humiliate me with." He muttered. 

"He cannot possibly perform under these conditions, Chrissy."

"Yeah, but you're really good at getting men to do what you want."

"Please just kill me." 

"But you said you would." 

"I said I would talk to her, I didn't say I'd actually DO anything with her."

"For me?"

"Chrissy, by the light you are dense." Elunara sighed. "You cannot make a humiliated man perform. Unless that's his kink. You're not going to get very far like this."

"Wouldn't matter anyway." Gerald muttered.

Elunara eyed Gerald. "Why?"

"I married HER, not YOU." He gave a shaky shrug. "I don't care what our past is."

Elunara blinked. "I'll be damned. I'd never have pegged you for the type."

Chrissy looked back and forth. "What type?"

Gesturing to Gerald, Elunara laughed. "What you have here, is a genuine faithful. You got a rare gem here. He won't cheat on you, even if you tell him to."

Chrissy put her hands to her mouth. "Oh!" She blinked. "But, I didn't think Elunara counted..."

"Any woman is a cheat to this man. Cherish that."

"Oh, I'm so sorry. I feel so foolish."

"Chrissy, I understand chasing after something you want, so desperately, that you will do anything to get it... However, you cannot do it at the expense of other people. Especially at the expense of the person who loves you the most. What you're doing to him is cruel. Please, PLEASE, think of other people in this quest of yours. If you're still so desperate for me to... test him... then you may borrow one of my spare rooms and get this sample yourself."

"Oh, but how?"

"Have him cum on your tits. I can look then."

"Oh, Gerald, you must be SO mad at me right now."

Gerald yanked his fingers through his hair. "Chrissy, if I freaking DO it, will you stop this damned insanity? You're killing me."

She bit her lip. "Yes? I'm so sorry. I just... I've thought about it and thought about it, and I just got so worried, and I thought that..." 

Gerald sighed. "Which room?"

After a little while, Chrissy came out of the room, with Gerald following behind, stuffing himself in his pants.

Elunara ran her fingers through and rubbed them together. "Good color, the consistency is right." She licked her fingers and flipped through her papers. "Taste is about average." She made some notes. Scraping some more off into her hand, she rummaged her fingers across it. "Hmm." She made a few more notes.

"Dear Gods, Elunara... you've kept RECORDS?" Gerald stared. 

"Hey, you don't know all my secrets. I've literally spent years of my life studying male body fluids." She closed her books. "I'd say you're damned average."

Chrissy wrung her hands. "But... how does he compare? I mean... how can you tell if there's a difference?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Jordan's is sweeter than most, Grogek's is thicker. Renwa's is thinner, Mark's is about the same, in fact... Mark, Andrew, Roger, Tonas, and a few others I could name, all are about the same. Most of which have children. If anything, he's right on target."

Gerald shuddered. "I didn't need to know all of that."

"Then forget you've heard it, because if you repeat any of it, I will lop your dick off."

Chrissy blinked. "You've... been with Tonas?"

"No. Mayby and Tonas came to me for advice... I just happened to be in the line of fire." She shrugged. "I can't help myself."

"Now that we've had the most disgusting conversation I never wanted to have..." Gerald handed Chrissy a towel. "Can we please LEAVE?"

"I'm so sorry; I'll make it up to you." Chrissy tugged on her shirt.

"No idea how." He muttered.

The next day, Elunara sat on the platform and worked on her board. 

Gerald flopped down next to her. "I can't believe she DID that to me!"

"It really was completely stupid." Elunara sighed. "But, I can't say much. I did something so completely stupid, over a desperate desire, that I had Grogek mad at me for days."

He blinked. "Like that?"

"Nearly. Not for the same reason, mind you... but the result was the same." She tapped her pencil on the board. "I embarrassed and humiliated him..." She shook her head. "I can't be too mad at Chrissy. She was blinded to the truth in her pursuit of her own desires. She'll feel like shit for a few days. Though, anytime she gets too ahead of herself, you can always poke her about it." Elunara grinned. 

"What did you do?" He whispered. 

"I will never tell you. All I'm saying; is to not be too mad at her. Yes, she went nuts, yes she asked the strangest, most embarrassing thing of you, but... she just got blinded by desire."

He sighed. "Fine." He scratched the back of his head. "She claims to be dropping the subject, but I know it's something she desperately wants."

"You should tell her that you're not telling her to stop trying, just that you think her methods are doing more harm than good. You want to work with her, not be shoved along."

"That's good." He murmured. 

"Well, get."

Gerald scrambled away. 

"Lovely day."

Elunara grinned. "Hello, Lover."

"Captain Gerald looked like he was on a mission." Varian commented

"He's having some issues with his wife... I just gave him a push in the right direction."

A little bit later, Elunara knocked on the door and waited. 

Jenny blinked at her. "Oh, hey."

"Zelinnia available?"

"Uh, yeah." Jenny moved out of the way. "She's nursing."

Zelinnia sighed. "You've been avoiding me."

"Actually I haven't." Elunara leaned down and kissed Zelinnia's temple. "I've been busy, and then, when I tried to make some time to come over, Chrissy had her freaking crisis." She tugged out a chair and sat down, popping open her board.

"What crisis?"

"Chrissy is desperate to get knocked up, and wants to weight the deck in her favor." She began drawing, flicking her eyes up and down. "She's been at my house for "advice" every day for the past two weeks. Poor Gerald wants to yank his hair out."

"Oh, geez, just let it freaking happen." Zelinnia muttered. 

Jenny sat down beside Zelinnia. "Yes. I agree." She ran her hand over her own belly, even though she wasn't showing.

"Her belief is that, since she hasn't yet, she must be doing something wrong." Elunara shrugged. "I gave her the best I could."

Zelinnia laughed. "Advice from a woman who didn't want it in the first place." 

"I know, right? But, I am the expert in all things sex and bodies..." She shrugged.

"You didn't want Darguni?" Jenny frowned.

Elunara pointed her pencil at the woman. "I didn't want to give birth, and I didn't want a baby... I have NEVER said that I didn't want Darguni. There is a major difference there. Darguni is a person and I want him very much, thank you."

Jenny swallowed. "Forgive me."

Elunara waved her hand. "It is what it is." She looked around. "Where is Abigail?"

"Napping."

"Can I go draw her?"

"Of course, but, you wake her, you take her."

"I know the rule of babies." Elunara sat down and began to sketch the sleeping child. When she was satisfied, she sat next to Zelinnia. 

"Oh, that's beautiful."

"I'll finish it up for you." 

Zelinnia curled up against Elunara, baby Nara curled up on her other shoulder. "You think you could do a family sitting? Me, Renwa, and the babies?"

"Of course, my little lovely." Elunara eyed Jenny. "Have you done what I said?"

"I..."

"Jenny has been very helpful with the two babies. I'm afraid I've taken up all of her time."

"Hmm. Fine." Elunara continued her work. She wrapped her arm around Zelinnia's back. "I have missed you, my darling."

"We never have time for each other. I barely see Tulani either."

"Tulani has been trying to build her business. She's got a new line... in fact; I think I'll recommend her to come for a visit."

"New line?"

"Let's just say that they're lacy little bits that leave nothing to the imagination, and would drive Renwa bonkers."

"Oo!" Zelinnia wiggled. "Will... you come to?"

"Of course."

Zelinnia shivered. "I can't wait."

"Can I see too?" Jenny bit her lip.

"We'll set you up a separate showing." Elunara pat Jenny's arm. "You wouldn't want to... get involved with what we do."

"Oh."

Enjoying the day, Elunara casually sketched the training yard. Noticing the legs beside her, she looked up and smiled. "Hello, sexy."

"I want you." He murmured. 

"Now?"

He nodded. 

She closed up her board. He held out his hand and she took it with a smile, standing up beside him. "Lead the way, Lover."

Jordan leaned over to Grogek. "What's your bet on if she makes it home before bed?"

Grogek looked at the sky. "She'll be home."

He closed the door behind her. When she sat her board down on the table, he put his hands on both sides of her face, and pressed his lips to hers. She ran her hands on his breast plate and returned the affection, mating her lips with his, tasting that male scent they all carried. 

They broke the connection. "Varian." She breathed. 

He divested himself of his gear and when he was down to his pants, he wrapped his hands around her waist, leaning his forehead against hers. "You're so difficult to resist."

"Then why are we just standing here?"

"Because I want to be standing." He pressed his mouth to hers and pressed her against the door. His hands slipped underneath her shirt and slowly slid it upwards. When he freed her breasts, he took each in turn and licked the nipples until they were delightfully hard. He tossed the shirt to the floor. Next, his hands went for her pants, and his mouth went for that spot in her neck that drove her mad. 

He gave the pants a shove, and when they hit the floor, his hand went for those soft, wet folds. Groaning, he shoved his own pants off. 

She ran her hands on his shoulders. "Give it to me." She whispered. 

Grabbing her hips, he pulled her on to him with a groan. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and ran her fingers through his hair. With one hand, he held her hip, with the other, he threaded through her hair. Up and down, he pumped her, rubbing her back against the door. His hand braced against the door as he increased his pace and desperation. He groaned into her mouth as she clamped down around him. 

Both hands on her ass, he tumbled into bed, her on top of him. She grinned and began bucking her hips against him. Lifting up, so that her folds only brushed against his dick, she slammed down in one swift motion, making him jolt. He grabbed her ass, and growled with a grin on his face. 

A little while later, they lay tangled together, sheets wrapped around them. She brushed her cheek against his chest. "Been a few days."

"With any luck, it'll be longer the next time." He chuckled. "I think I'm getting used to you being here again."

"Oh, well then, I'm just not trying hard enough." She grinned. 

He laughed. "Oh, just existing is all you need to do." He put his arms behind his head. "But, I have duties I have to get to. If I'm too focused on you..." He shrugged.

"True enough." She stretched. 

"Oh." He sat up and dug a box out of a drawer. "I'm told that most men shower their mistresses with gifts. Knowing you, I figured you'd be happier with just one meaningful one." He held out the box.

She sat up and took it. Opening the little box, she smiled at the little gold circle. She picked it up and examined the scrollwork. "What a pretty bracelet." She stared at the gem and smacked her face. "Really, Varian? REALLY?"

He laughed. "Worth it."

With a sigh, she stared at the emblem engraved in the pretty purple stone. 

"Please wear it." He said quietly.

"Oh, I will. But I'm annoyed at you." 

"You ever think I do these things, just to see you innerved?" He grinned. "Goddess?"

"Every. Fucking. Day."

He laughed. "Then you're as smart as I thought you were."

"You're freaking branding me."

"I am not." He tapped the stone. "I put my symbol on it, so that you may be recognized where ever you go. You will be treated with respect, no matter where."

"Oh, Varian... I make my own respect."

"I know you do." He brushed his hand down her back and kissed her shoulder. "I just wanted a little extra insurance."

She snapped it over her wrist, and brushed her lips over his. "You're lucky it's pretty. And that I like you." She muttered. After a moment, she sighed. "What does this mean to the other thing you said... long ago?"

He shrugged. "Like you, I've decided it was time to let someone else into my life... whatever that means in the end." He brushed his fingertips over her neck. He laughed. "The stone is the same shade of purple as your hair..." He murmured. "Took the jeweler a bit of time trying to find the perfect shade." He flicked the bracelet.

She laughed. "Only you..." Shoving him over, she climbed on top of him. She ran her hands across his chest. "I guess I should thank you." 

"That WAS my other goal." He grinned. 

She slid her wetness down his stomach and bucked her hips up. He grabbed those hips and helped her slide slowly down. Leaning back, she put her hands on his legs. He reached up and fondled her breasts, tugging at the nipples. She groaned as she began to slide up and down. One hand slipped down her belly and crushed into those soft curls. She shifted back and he slipped his fingers around himself, stroking those folds. His thumb went center and rubbed against her clit. 

She shivered as she built up speed, her leg muscles flexing and rippling. Her nails bit into his legs as she shuddered against him.