 Elunara whistled as she opened the front door. She blinked. Grogek was sitting in a chair, and Jordan was leaning against the counter. 

Jordan snorted. "You win."

"I told you." Grogek laughed. 

"Uh?"

Jordan shook his head. "We saw you leave with King Wrynn. We were having a debate on if you'd be back tonight." He gestured. "Grogek said you would."

"Ah." She brushed her hair out of her face. "Yeah."

"New jewelry?" Grogek's eyebrows shot up.

She blinked at her wrist. "Oh, yeah. He's a complete doofus." 

Jordan snickered. 

"No, seriously, look at the damned thing." She held her arm out to Jordan.

He fiddled with the bracelet. "Certainly your color..." He blinked repeatedly. "He..."

"Yep."

"Shit."

Grogek frowned and got up, looking at the bracelet. "I miss the significance."

"It's Varian's personal seal. Any Alliance member would recognize it."

Grogek ran his tongue on his teeth. "And this means?"

"That Varian has another damned joke on my head." She snorted. "He even told me he did it just to annoy me. Now, I get equal recognition as he. Only the best for the resident Goddess."

Grogek barked a laugh. "I do believe I like this man."

She sighed. "I'll wear it, because he asked me nicely. But, damn if I didn't want to kick him in the balls for it."

"Hey Momma, new bracelet?"

Elunara held the bracelet down for Bradly. "Yeah, Varian gave me a present."

He froze, and his eyes went wide. "Momma!" He gasped. 

"I know, right?"

Darguni eyed the bracelet. "It's pretty."

Bradly yanked Darguni's arm. "That's King Wrynn's personal seal!" He gasped. 

"See?" Jordan snorted. "All Alliance."

"Wait, does that mean you belong to King Wrynn?" Bradly scratched the back of his head. 

"No. It's because of the whole... Goddess title he gave me. It's kind of a rank and title kind of thing."

"Cool!" Both said at once. 

"Hey, I haven't seen much of either of you two since we got here... how about tomorrow I hang out with you guys."

"Whoohoo!" They cried, before running off. 

The next morning, Elunara loaded up her board and slung it over her shoulder. "Alright. I'm ready." 

Bradly grabbed her hand. "Come on; let's show Lydia your bracelet!"

Linda just stared. "You..."

Lydia eyed the bracelet with envy. "It's so pretty."

Elunara laughed. "Yeah, Varian thought it was funny."

"He did." Linda blinked.

"Are you alright?"

"Can... I talk to you? Away from the children?"

Elunara jerked her head. "Alright, you goofballs. Outside."

After they left, Linda wrung a towel through her hands. "Listen, Thomas tells me that it's pretty obvious that you and King Wrynn are... involved."

Elunara snorted. "He gave me an official title and everything. I am his Mistress. This much is true. My husbands and my wife know this, and they find it amusing. My kids think that Varian and I are just close friends. I told my kids that this bracelet is related to that stupid Goddess title he gave me that first day. Which is actually true. He laughed his ASS off at my reaction to the stupid thing."

"Oh."

She fidgeted with the bracelet. "I could still kick him in the balls for it."

Linda giggled. "Of course you would be annoyed by such an affection."

"I know your concern, and you shouldn't worry about me, or him. I protect my kids, when I can."

Elunara stepped outside.

"Momma, has uncle Renwa seen it yet?" Bradly bounced.

"No. Varian gave it to me last night. No one has really seen it."

"Let's go! He'll be SO surprised!"

"You have no idea." She muttered.

Wide-eyed and open mouthed, Renwa just stared at her. She felt the heat rise to her face and she cursed Varian all the more.

"Elunara, why did you break my husband?" Zelinnia sighed, nursing at the nearby desk.

"How do you think I feel?" She sighed. "He laughed his ass off when he gave me the damned thing."

"Why are you so upset?" Bradly bit his lip.

"You know how momma gets when people do nice things." Darguni snorted. 

"You sound like your father." Elunara sighed.

Darguni perked up. "I do?"

Renwa started laughing. "By the light, Elunara, do you EVER stop?"

"Not sure I actually know the definition."

"By damn you don't." He wiped a tear from his eye. 

The next day, Elunara sat at the training yard with her board. 

"You know what we haven't seen in awhile?"

Elunara looked up at Gerald. "Hm?"

"South Orchard."

She snorted. "You just want to fleece people again."

"Looking for a little light entertainment."

Tapping her pencil on her board, she considered. "I should figure out a good place for it." 

"New bracelet?"

She sighed. "Even you notice?"

"I've known you for twenty years... You only wear the jewelry that means something to you. The ring on the necklace from Renwa, the bangle on your arm from Grogek, the belt on your waist from Lucy, these all mean something to you. So, where's the bracelet from?"

She held up her arm. "Varian."

He stared at the emblem. "For fucking shit?"

"The asshole laughed like a maniac over my reaction. He literally told me he gave it to me just to fuck with me."

"Yeah, right." Gerald snorted.

"Yeah, is fucking right." She yanked at her hair. 

"If I were a betting man..."

She rolled her eyes. 

"I'd say that's not the only reason he gave it to you."

Sighing, she laid back. "No. You'd be right." She held up her wrist and stared at the bracelet. "But he did like the side benefit of fucking with me. He asked me to wear it, so I will. It was a meaningful gift, and that's the end of it. Or the beginning of it, as the case may be."

"You're really something else, you know that?"

"How's Chrissy?"

"Less panicking, thank you very much."

"You're welcome."

Savage leapt beside Elunara and curled up. 

"Oh, have you finally hit your fill?"

"Where's he been?" Gerald snorted. 

"Stuffing it in Yoona." 

"That menace?"

"She's of age now." Elunara shrugged. 

"Those will be some interesting kits."

Elunara snorted. "You're telling me."

Opening the front door the next day, Elunara just stared. "Uh, sir."

Mathias smiled. "Are you busy?"

"Oh, no." She backed up. "I was just working on some portraits." 

He stepped in and looked around. "Interesting place you've designed."

"I'm constantly tweaking it." She ran her fingers through her hair. "I wouldn't have expected you, sir."

He caught the glint on her wrist and froze. For once, she saw him completely dumbstruck.

Holding up her wrist, she sighed. "Yeah. I get that a lot."

"I knew your relationship with Wrynn was intimate..." He reached out and took her wrist. "But this?"

"I feel I'm going to spend more time explaining this stupid bracelet, than I ever had, explaining Grogek." He continued to stare at her and she sighed. "I have told everyone that he gave it to me as a joke. Which is mostly true. He laughed his ass off at my reaction to it. I will do you the honor of being the only person I have told... that he gave it to me because he wanted me to get the respect I deserve."

"You haven't told your family?"

"Not even Grogek." She whispered. 

He let go of her wrist. "Fascinating."

"He asked me to wear it, so I do." She fiddled with it. "I haven't determined what it means to me, yet."

"It is interesting to see you so uncomfortable. Even as a novice, fresh into the commission, you were cocky and confident. A trait I could never shake out of you, and one that made you our best." He cleared his throat. "Which is why I came here. I was hoping you'd reconsider my offer as trainer. Your John has proven himself nicely. I'd like for you to take on more."

She sighed. "Sir, the main reason I haven't... is my own businesses keep me busy, and I quite like the freedom I have. I come and go as I please. I don't want an office, I don't want... hours, and I answer to no one, not even Varian."

"I accept your terms. Except, your charges will always answer to me."

"Huh?"

"I want you to train them out of here." He gestured. "You did fine with John. Besides, I want to train them in... your style of work. You already train couples and other people in sex, why not add a few budding professionals?"

She just blinked. "I..."

"It's not that difficult. I'll send them your way, you'll teach them, and the SI:7 will benefit. The way I see it, all it does, is increase your business."

"Well, suddenly I feel put in my place." She laughed. 

"I'd like to request comprehensive body portraits of all of my agents, new and old."

She grinned. "While I'd be willing to give you a discount, it'll still cost a pretty penny."

"You're charging now?" He raised an eyebrow. 

She sat down on her couch. "Oh, I've always charged... it just hasn't always been monetary." She gave him a cat smile. "However, since I have taken on clients that don't pay me in my usual currency, I started with favors. When people had no favor to offer me, I began to accept coin. Now, I don't have set prices, because of my methods, but... I do take payment." She smiled wistfully. "In fact, I did a child's portrait, for a handful of change that he'd found."

His eyebrow shot up. "That's... sweet. Though, I am curious... how much did he cobble together?"

"Thirteen silver and forty seven copper." She laughed. "He's my son now."

For the second time, she saw him dumbstruck. "I had heard of your children, but not this tidbit."

"It's a long, complicated story, but if his birth mother had known he'd done it... well, let's just say she didn't believe in wasting money on a child." She stood up and motioned him over. She opened the door to the boy's room and pointed. "The little boy is the one he commissioned. His father commissioned one later, but died before I could deliver it."

"You do exquisite work for a handful of silver."

"A commission is a commission; I tend to charge what a customer can pay. Assholes I tend to overcharge." She winked. "We can negotiate later."

The door opened and Elunara looked back. 

Bradly came to a screeching halt, and put his hand on Darguni's chest. "Oh my, GODS!"

Darguni blinked back and forth. "What am I missing now?"

"That's Mathias Shaw! Leader of the SI:7!" He gasped, shaking Darguni.

"Oh, Momma's old boss?"

"He's the best!" Bradly hissed. 

"Thank you for that assessment." Mathias smiled. 

Elunara cocked her head to the side. "I can count the number of times I've seen you smile... on one hand. Sir." She added hastily.

"Probably more than I've seen you unsettled."

"Are you one of Momma's clients?" Darguni cocked his head to the side.

"No, I've come to arrange a job offer with your mother. She's my newest trainer."

"Apparently." She muttered.

He gave her a sideways glance. 

"Sir."

"Well, I'll leave you to it." He nodded and walked on. 

Several days later, Elunara stared at the pack of papers. "Are you kidding me?" Taking the bundle and passing the runner some coin, she began to flip through. 

"What is THAT?" Jordan sat down his cup. 

"The contract with Mathias." Putting her elbows on the counter, she held her head as she read through it. "Gods, he doesn't miss a trick."

"It's going to take you all week to read that."

She sighed. "Fuck it. Now's a good time to take Tulani on that trip."

"Uh, won't Mathias get pissed at you?"

"It CLEARLY says: take all the time you need." She smacked the paper. "Plus, I can read it in between travel times."

He snorted. "You mean fabric shopping."

"Yes, yes I do."

Later, Elunara and Tulani stood on the dock by the boys.

"But, Momma! We wanna go too!" Darguni pouted. 

"Not this trip. You'll just start whining when I make you sit in the shops and wait on Tulani. Next time, I'll figure out something fun for us to do." She flipped through the pages of the contract. "You two will be bored out of your minds. Go find some kids to play with."

"Why is Savage going with you?" Bradly scratched the big cat's head.

"Because Savage does whatever the hell he wants. Also, I use him as a mount."

"Oh."

"There's the boat, boys. I'll see you in a few days. We're going to hit Exodar, and then Darnassus. We'll swing through here before taking the tram up to Ironforge. Be good for your dads."

"Alright." They said in unison.

Tulani watched the boys as the boat pulled away from the docks. "They always get so upset when you leave."

"It's something they'll have to get used to." She pulled out a red pencil and started marking the pages.

"What are you doing?"

"Noting what I'll contest." She circled a phrase she didn't like. "I'm beyond the point of blindly accepting whatever terms I am given."

"Will he be annoyed with you?"

"This whole damned packet of paper is probably one of his little mental tests. He's given me plenty before, this is no different." She scratched out a sentence. "Really? You think I'm that stupid?" She muttered.

"Isn't this the boat to Darnassus?"

"Oh, you have to take this boat to the island, which leads to the boat to Azuremyst."

"Oh." 

Once they landed on Rut'theran, Elunara waved to the Sentinels by the portal, and turned for the other dock.

"They still eye you as if they're waiting for you to turn." Tulani mused.

"I'm not particularly surprised. Besides, as guardians of the portal, they have to be extra particular."

One sentinel leaned over. "Did you see the bracelet she wears?"

"No, I missed it. Why?"

"It bears the royal crest of King Wrynn."

Elunara flipped through a few pages. "These three are freaking blank." She tapped the paper. "I wonder..."

Tulani giggled. "They do like to vex you."

They stepped on the small boat. "Well, I'll take this thing apart, sentence by sentence." 

"I'm sure you will."

When they landed, Elunara hopped on Savage's back. "Come on, get on behind me."

"Will it hurt him?"

Elunara patted Savage's shoulder. "Nah, he's a big strong boy, this doesn't harm him at all. Just hold on to me."

"Alright." Tulani climbed on and wrapped her arms around Elunara's waist.

"There's actually two entrances to Exodar, but I'm going to take you through the front."

"Is that it in the distance?" 

"You betcha. Come on, Savage." She led him around to the front entrance. 

"Oh my, it's so big!" Tulani gasped.

"That's what she said." Elunara giggled.

"What?"

"Nothing, come on, let's head in."

Tulani slid off of Savage, and Elunara joined her. They linked hands as they walked through the door. Tulani gasped at the crystals in the hallway. She reached out.

Elunara grabbed her wrist. "Don't touch. You'll get the shock of your life. When the Exodar crashed, a lot of it was damaged, which is why the floor's all broken to hell. Some of those crystals link to the main power core. Touching them is a bad idea."

"Oh, but they're so pretty."

"I know. Anyway, we're coming up on the inn, we might stay there tonight. I'll give you my quick tour of the place. This pathway leads to the Crystal Hall, I'm not entirely sure what goes on there, other than I had to take a shaman a reagent pouch once. That little tuck away is the bank... Ooo, you'll want to check out The Vault of Lights. They have this cool little tour where you can get a rundown of the creatures you face of the Burning Legion. Velen hangs out in there; I might be able to get you an audience." Elunara held up her wrist. 

Tulani giggled. "Finding a use for it?"

"Only when it benefits the ones I love." Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "The next entryway leads to the Trader's Tier, that's where you'll find your shops and things. There's even a few platforms you can run up for a better view. If you continue to follow this pathway, you'll go downstairs and visit a Naaru named O'ros."

"You seem to have spent a lot of time here."

"You know me... and Draenei tend to have amazing bodies." Elunara ran her hands over Tulani's hips.

"Elunara is that you?"

"Oh, hey, Onnis." Elunara blinked. "Onnis, this is my wife, Tulani. Tulani, this is Onnis... we took a roll."

"Ah." Tulani smiled and held out her hand. "Nice to meet you."

Onnis' eyes were huge as he took Tulani's out stretched hand. "A wife? I wouldn't have pegged you for the type."

"Oh, I also have two husbands."

Onnis shook his head. "You always were confusing." He eyed Tulani. "I have never seen you before."

"She's from the Draenor campaign."

"Ah. Make sense."

"I've brought her here for a shopping trip and a little tour. Got any recommendations?"

Elunara flipped through her packet of papers, while Tulani had a field day at the tailor shop. With a sigh, she attacked another page with a red pencil. "Again I say, no." She muttered. 

"Are you alright?"

"Now I know they're fucking with me, there's a line in here about a pink dress and bonnet."

"I could make you one." Tulani fluttered her lashes. 

"Not on your life."

"Well, I think I'm about done." Tulani flipped through her pile. "Can this be shipped to Stormwind for me?"

"Of course." The shopkeeper's accent was thick. "How will you be paying today?"

Elunara marked her page and stuffed the papers in her bag. "I'll get it."

The woman spied the bracelet and gasped. "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize... for you, it is fine."

Elunara held up her hand and shook her head. "I am not in your shop as a diplomat. I am here with my family. It would be wrong of me to use my status against you. What would it say of me, if I were to take food from your family's mouths, just because I wear this silly band? No. If you wish to honor my status, then do so by being fair. Fair price and good service is all I ask."

"Y-yes ma'am."

Afterwards, Elunara groaned. "This is going to happen a lot, I might take to wearing gloves."

"I liked your little speech."

Elunara dug the papers back out. "I'm going to just write it on card and hand it to people." She snorted. "I am SO kicking Varian in the balls when I get home."

"Oo, what pretty jewelry." Tulani brushed past Elunara. She fingered a few pieces. "I used to have a tail bangle like this one. It was my grandmother's..." Tulani sighed. "But... they took it." She said quietly.

Elunara ran her hand down Tulani's back. "It's alright, my Sweetness. I'll get you another one."

"No." She whispered. "No, please don't." She said, louder. "It would only remind me of the worst." She stepped away. "Perhaps, I'll go take that tour."

"Knock yourself out. I've taken it a couple of times. I'll just wait and read this stupid contract." After Tulani left, Elunara turned to the jeweler. "What have you got in horn adornments?"

Her own shopping done, Elunara met Tulani at the Vault of Lights. 

"Oh, that was so fascinating!" 

Elunara grinned. "Come, let's get you a few minutes with Velen."

That night, Tulani held her bag up to her chest. "Oh, this has been a fun day!"

Elunara signed the papers and took the room key. "I'm glad you're having fun." She kissed Tulani's temple. 

"Oh, and we can visit Sae tomorrow. I wonder how she's doing."

Elunara laughed and tossed her things in a chair. "Sure you don't want to spend more time here?"

"Oh, I love it here, and I want to come back, but I have missed Sae. She was very kind while you were unconscious." Tulani sat her bags down. 

"Yeah, she's always been a sweetheart." Elunara dug in her bag and found the box. "Here. While you were buying the place out of fabric and pretty baubles, I got you something."

Tulani giggled and opened the box. "Oh, how pretty."

Elunara picked one out of the box and helped Tulani adjust it. "It occurred to me, that I own more jewelry than you do; and you're the type to love the stuff." She eyed her work. "And, I haven't gotten my lovely wife something to wear in public." She adjusted the second horn bangle. "Pluuus they had a lovely pair in your favorite shade of purple." She pushed Tulani to the mirror. "What do you think?"
