 Elunara sat on the couch, fiddling with her sketches. The slamming of the door had her jolting, and she shot a line across the page. She stared at Jordan, muttering, flailing his arms, and stomping back and forth. Deciding to fix the sketch later, she moved the board safely out of range. 

She walked over to him. "Sugar, are you OK?"

He grabbed her by the arms, his fingers biting into her. "No! I'm not!" He crushed his mouth to hers. She blinked at him, but before she could get into it, he started ripping at her clothes. He tore her shirt off of her and shoved her pants off, before he backed her into the couch. He was still muttering and growling, and she was having difficulty understanding him. 

He dropped her against the couch and climbed on top of her. 

She winced at his harsh movements. "Jordan, I don't think..."

"The only ass I want is yours!" He growled, as he shoved himself into her ass. She yelped and grabbed at his arms. He slammed himself in and out a couple of times, before releasing and collapsing on top of her. 

"Jordan, what the HELL is WRONG with you?" She shoved at him.

Jordan winced. "Oh, Gods, Baby. I'm SO sorry." He yanked his fingers through his hair. 

"I know I told you I like it rough, but that was pathetic."

He sat up and scrubbed his hands over his face. "I can't believe I did that."

"Spill it, or I will rip your dick off and find me a new second husband." She crossed her arms.

A few minutes later, she smacked her face. "You're telling me that you let some no name, no rank, PEON get under your skin enough to turn into a raging beast?"

He hung his head. "Yes..."

"ARGH, Jordan, I swear to Elune, I should beat your ass." 

He covered his head with his hands. "You'd be right to."

"You broke one of my most important and cherished rules over it, too."

"Always make sure she enjoys it?"

"No." She whacked him on the back of the head "Never do anything in haste or rage." She shook her head. "Even Bradly is better at that rule than you."

He scrubbed his hands over his face again. "I don't know what is WRONG with me, or why this gets to me so much." 

"Jordan, from what you've told me, and what I know of you, you've always been one step behind everyone else."

He winced. 

She held up a hand. "Hear me out." Brushing her fingers through his hair, she continued. "You're good, but you're not great. There's always someone out there who's one step ahead of you. Renwa is a good example. He's your friend because he wasn't a shit about it. Everyone else wanted to challenge you to a competition you couldn't win. You paired well together, and formed a nice little team. You have always been content to be the second in line. But, as everything would have it, you continue to stay just in that shadow. Even now, you're second husband. I bet that grates ever so often."

He leaned against her. "Well, you've summed it up." He grumbled. 

"I think Renwa had it best..."

"What does HE have to say on the matter?" Jordan crossed his arms.

"You wear your emotions on your face. No matter how hard you try, you project entirely too much. It's probably the only thing really holding you back." At his open mouth, she shook her head. "I'm not going to be so crass as to tell you to bury your emotions, because quite frankly, I like that about you. You're easy to read, and easy to tease. Which brings us back to the original problem. What you need to learn; is how to divert your emotions to something else." 

"How am I supposed to do that?"

"When someone says something that pisses you off, think of something funny." She shrugged. "That's how I've been doing it for years. I assess the situation, devise the reactions I am expected to have, and then continue to think of something that holds me in the mindset. This really creepy, slimy piece of shit thinks I find him attractive... well, let's just change him around a bit, and "poof" my mind can find him attractive, because I no longer see him as... he is."

"That's pretty in theory..."

"Theory my ass, I do it all the time. It's how I hold the upper hand. Some pissant is riding your ass about Grogek; don't go for those mental images... go for the mental image of me in some provocative pose. Hell, I'll draw you up a picture and put it in your wallet." She grinned. 

"I don't know." He raked his hands through his hair. 

"Well, would you rather be the guy who gets pissed off and goes and rapes his wife over it?" She glared.

"I didn't..."

"What ELSE do you call that?" 

He winced.

"The last asshole to take my ass dry was Lorros." She snorted angrily.

Jordan jerked back as if struck. "He..." He ran his hand over his mouth. 

She sighed. "I'll have to give you a few lessons in what I mean by rough." She shifted uncomfortably.

"Gods, Baby, you're bleeding." 

"Am I?" She stuck one leg in the air and shifted. "Well, I was. Happens sometimes when you don't lube properly. Luckily for me, I heal obscenely fast. She contorted her body and looked at her ass. "Yeah, healed already."

"Geez, you can twist in all sorts of strange ways. Any lower and you could lick yourself."

"Oh, I can."

He blinked. 

With one hand, she slipped her fingers down and held herself open. Adjusting again, she ran her tongue from top to bottom. She grinned at him. "See?"

He winced. "Ow." 

"Ow? Why ow?"

"Because I just popped a hard on so fast, I think I might have pulled something." He rubbed his dick. 

She laughed. 

"Why don't you... do that more often?"

"Because I learned ages ago, that it's not really as fun as it looks. I've given it a good go a few times, just for the hell of it, but realistically... eh." She shrugged. "It's too much effort for a long term solution. But, it makes a great party trick." She winked. 

"Can... I watch?" He whispered. 

"Hmm, I shouldn't... you acted abysmal." 

He knelt in front of her and put his hands on the edge of the couch. "Please?"

She considered. "But, I do enjoy tormenting you." She adjusted again and ran her tongue along her own slit. He shivered as he watched her. Shifting her hand, she buried a finger inside and licked around. His breathing increased, and he brushed her hair out of the way. In and out, she pumped her fingers, as she flicked her tongue inside. Around and around she licked. Her breathing increased along with his. She groaned. 

"Oh, Baby." He put his hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her back. He pressed his mouth to hers, dancing his tongue with hers. Groaning into her mouth, he tasted her. "Baby." He whispered, as he brushed her hair back. 

"Yes." Was all she said.

His hands brushed across her cheeks and back into her hair, as he slipped himself into her waiting wetness. He groaned into her mouth, and she lay back on the couch, wrapping her legs around his waist. "I'm so sorry." As his hips rocked him in and out of her, he whispered his apologies, murmured his love. 

With a shiver, they curled up on the couch together. 

"Sweetheart, you know you're a little old for me to have to deal with your schoolyard bullies."

He groaned and buried his face in her chest. 

"Especially since it's technically a student, and you're the freaking vice principal."

Jordan's face went crimson. "The way you put things..." He muttered. 

"Well, I'll just have to show up at school, and get an eye on the little twerp."

A couple of days later, Elunara made her way down to the training yard and found Grogek on the sidelines. "Hello, Sugarbear." 

He wrapped an arm around her waist. "Hello, love." He buried his face in her hair. "Here for Jordan's problem?"

"Mm, yes."

"I don't often question your judgment, but shouldn't he deal with it on his own?"

"Oh, he is. I'm just going to help him along."

"As you will."

"We'll discuss it later." She grinned. "I'm glad I never have to worry about such silliness with you."

"Humans and their weird problems." He shook his head. 

She snorted. "You mean non-orcs and their problems. I've got to take care of my brood, or where would I be?" She sighed. 

He laughed. "You love us anyway."

She ran her fingers underneath his chin. "Perhaps you and I should take a little break, like me and Tulani did. It'd be nice to have you to myself for a few days."

"Perhaps. Here comes our problem child now."

She gave a half sigh. "The show must go on." Untangling herself from Grogek, she watched Jordan march over. When he looked purposeful, it made her lick her lips. Then again, it was a bit of a mark against him, how he projected himself. His face shifted, his thoughts on her, but the annoyance was still brittle in him. Inwardly, she wanted to lecture him on body language. 

Grogek purposely stepped away from her, and more towards the training ring. He blatantly ignored the both of them. 

Jordan wrapped his hands around her waist, pressed his mouth to hers, and devoured her. 

"Mm, hello, Sugar." She put her arms around his neck.

"Hello, Baby."

"So, who am I here to nutpunch?" She lowered her voice.

"Back right, third guy from the left, bearded, red."

"Dear Gods, that man's so ugly, the only pussy he's ever seen, was the day he was born." She snorted. "And even that one spit him out."

Jordan choked on his laugh. "The shit you say. Yeah, that's the main one."

"He's just jealous you're so pretty."

"That's exactly what Grogek said." Jordan grumbled. "Out loud."

"Oh, you big baby." Elunara kissed his nose. 

"I found the picture in my pocket." He kissed her. "Cute."

"Cute? CUTE? All I get is CUTE?" She threw her hands up. "What am I to DO with you?"

He smirked at her. "By cute, I mean painful erection I've had to walk around with all day. Do you seriously think this will work?"

"I'm getting all the right signals."

He buried his face in her hair. "Ah well, time to deal with it." 

Using the flat of her tongue, she licked his neck and made eye contact with the punk in question. Jordan shifted her slightly and ran his hands down the back of her pants, gripping her ass. He murmured to her, and she rubbed her cheek against his ear. She whispered back. Pulling his hands free, he backed up and grabbed her by the wrist, dragging her away. 

"He's following." She whispered.

"How many?"

"Two. I think. The echo is funny here."

They stopped in a secluded, yet public, area. "This is safe?" He put his forehead to hers.

"Yeah. I've used it before, and scouted it recently. Never know when I might need it." She ran her hands in his pants and gripped his ass.

"Well," He kissed her. "Since we're doing it this way." Taking off his gloves, he got on one knee and pulled her pants down. Freeing her leg, he shifted it over his shoulder and buried his face in her. Inhaling her warm scent, he wrapped an arm around the leg over his shoulder, his hand caressing her flush skin. With his free hand, he buried a pair of fingers in her. 

She reached down and raked her fingers through his hair. "Ah, yes." She hissed. She was a little louder with her moans and reactions than usual, but never garish. Leaning her head back, she panted. "By Elune, I love when you do that." She shuddered against him, letting her involuntary muscles do as they will. 

He grinned up at her. "I'm not done yet."

"You better not be." She grinned back.

Dislodging her leg, he stood up and grabbed her hips, sliding neatly in. She wrapped the leg around his waist and groaned. Bucking his hips, he moved in and out of her. "Gods, you're always so tight." He groaned, before capturing her mouth with his own. 

She wrapped her arms around his neck. "I regret we're in a public place, and I can't divest you of your armor." Her face was flush, and she shivered against him. 

"Mm, I do miss the feel of your tits on my chest." He gave her a quick kiss. "But, thank you for putting up with my whims." He slid himself free and sighed.

"How about tonight, I tell Grogek and Tulani they're on their own. I'll spend the night in your room." She nuzzled her nose in his neck.

"I'd love that, baby." He wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his face in her neck and hair.

"There's three now." She murmured.

"You can tell?"

"I can feel their lust radiating at me." 

"That sensitive huh?"

"Always."

"What was the point of this?"

"I'll tell you tonight."

He reluctantly let her go, and stuffed himself back in his pants. She reached down and tugged her pants on, readjusting her belt. Threading their fingers together, she led him out the way they came.

Wet and sticky, they curled up together in his bed. "So, what WAS the point of that?"

"To change the game." She ran her hand on his chest. "Instead of having that stupid rumor to wag at you, now they can hold this over your head. So to speak. They saw you fuck your wife in a public place... and got to see my naughty bits exposed; something that ordinarily would be "just so wrong" and embarassing, except, they don't know that I enjoy making a public spectacle of myself. I feed off of it, and you, for one, don't mind because you know I enjoy it. While they feed on their sense of self superiority, you can laugh at how little they actually know. The game..." She kissed his chest. "Is changed."

"You put all of the power in my hands." He murmured.

"Bingo."

"Damn you're good."

"If you're just figuring this out now, I really have lost my touch."

He rolled over on top of her and slipped inside. "Let me show my appreciation." 

A couple of days later, Grogek walked in.

"Hey, Sugarbear." She added some fine detail to her work.

He tugged the board out of her hand. Pressing a kiss to her mouth, he grinned. "You're a good woman."

"Mm, what did I do now?" 

"You gave Jordan his confidence back." He ran his fingers on her cheek. "Now, how high does this couch jack up to?"

With a laugh, she stood up and began to yank levers. "Due to its design, this is the highest it will go in the flat setting."

Pressing his hips against the edge, he nodded. "High enough." 

"Made with you in mind." She winked. 

He grinned. "I'll have to discover the other settings another time." Brushing his knuckles across her cheeks, he brushed her hair back and brought her lips to his. Slowly, he tasted her, dancing his lips with hers, and tangling their tongues in her mouth, He breathed in the scent of her and just enjoyed the feeling of her skin in his hands. "It does me good; to see my brother standing tall and proud again." He kissed her again. "It turns me on, to know it is by your design."

"I love how much you love him." She smiled and buried her face in his chest. 

He wrapped his arms around her. "It is you who gave me a brother. You gave me children, and a sister. How strange it is... our little family, yet I would be lost without it."

"Funny how that works." She grinned up at him. 

"And now, I just want to get my hands on you." He slid his hands across her hips and down her ass, pushing her pants to the floor. Grabbing her hips, he sat her on the edge of the couch. Tugging himself free of his pants, he slipped inside of her. He was so much larger than most, and it spread her out to take all of him in. She loved the feeling of how he stretched her with his girth.

With a groan, she ran her hands across his chest. He grabbed her hands and pushed her backwards. When she was lying full out, he spread her legs further apart, tugging one up to his shoulder. She slipped her other leg between his, and on to her side she went. Thrusting deeper and deeper, he ran his mouth up and down her leg. One arm behind her, she propped up on to her shoulder. Her head went back and she gasped as he plunged deep inside. 

His hips slammed against hers, and she clamped around him. With a final thrust, he filled her. He gasped and pulled himself free, climbing on to the bed and tugging her close. "I love you."

"Mm, I love you, too." She brushed her lips against his. "You know, people are always asking me how kissing you actually works. What they never seem to realize, is the fact that those fangs make it more interesting, and they're way more sensitive than they give you credit for." She licked a fang and he shivered. "Probably because you lunatics are always piercing the damned things."

He laughed. "Piercing them hurts like fucking hell, too."

She frowned. "How do you know?"

"I had it done."

She blinked. "I've never seen you with one."

He rubbed a large fang. "Years ago, Charnak and I had them done at the same time, during our test of manhood. When I decried him as brother, I took it out. It's since healed."

She examined the fang. "Oh, right there." She ran her finger across the tiny hole.

He licked the fang. "Having it done damages the nerve. This one is not as sensitive as the others."

"Tis a shame." 

"Mm, I make do with what I got."

With a giggle, she licked the fang. "I bet you do."