 Elunara gathered her board and papers before heading up to the keep. Varian eyed her, but turned back to the people he had been talking to. When they left, she sauntered over. 

"I finally figured out how to pay you back for this stupid bracelet." She dropped her board on the table.

He grinned. "Not happy with it?"

"I spent my entire trip explaining that I wasn't pulling rank on the villagers. I don't even WANT to discuss explaining the fucking thing to my MOTHER."

He laughed. "I expect a strongly worded letter, pending the moment when the shock wears off."

"I hate you so much right now."

He slid a hand across her hip. "So, what have you brought me?"

Popping open her board, she tugged out several sheets. 

"An amphitheater?" He blinked

"Just a small one. See, back in Draenor, it started as a way to entertain the refugees, but slowly became a bit of a morale building thing. At least once a month, I would go down and I would perform. Mostly, I sang, but I acted out plays, and other things. Sometimes, we could get other people up there to sing their favorite songs. It was a great way to bring happiness to some of the war trodden."

"That's very kind of you." He kissed her neck. 

"Eh, Grogek says I just like making a spectacle of myself."

Placing his fists on the table, he examined the blueprints. "So, what part of this is a punishment to me?" He grinned. 

"You're footing the bill."

With a laugh, he leaned against the table. "I guess I am." He brushed her hair back. "If only to watch you sing."

"I'll sing for–"

"Sire! Your majesty!" A man came running up the path. "I have... to tell you..." he panted.

Varian gave her a look and she leaned over. "Louis' homophobic father." She whispered.

"Ah."

The man straightened up and tried to look official. "I needed to tell you of a dup... duplic.... Of a falsehood!"

"Do tell." Varian raised an eyebrow.

"I've just learned that... that..." He puffed up his chest. "That son of mine is nothing but a faggot!" He slammed his fist on the table.

Varian blinked repeatedly and turned to Elunara. "Isn't that a bundle of sticks?"

Elunara shook her head. "Don't look at me. I never learned all of your silly human terms. I thought it was another word for cigarette."

Varian shook his head. "No, that's a fag."

"Ohhh, I guess that makes sense... seeing as it's a bundle of leaves."

The man turned bright red. "He's GAY!"

Elunara dropped a fist into her other hand. "This one I KNOW!" She pointed at the man. "It's when you're so happy, you're silly with it."

The man turned darker, his breath quickened. "He's having SEX with Jerry!"

Elunara blinked as she propped her hand on the table. "Well, I guess I'm gay too, when I have sex with someone I love." She felt Varian's fingers brush her own and she ignored him. 

"Love?" He sputtered. "LOVE?"

"Well, yes. I love both of my husbands, and my wife, and a few others." She shrugged, and discreetly returned the affection. "Oh, wait. You mean Jerry and Louis? Well, yeah. They are adorable to watch."

"You KNEW?"

"They've had sex in my house while I drew it. I've gotten some fascinating angles. Wanna see?"

The man turned green. He pointed at Elunara and looked to Varian. "This woman has deceived you!"

Varian's face twitched, but only she could tell. "Elunara has always been honest about those two."

"But... but, they're..."

"Does it affect their performance?" He turned to Elunara.

"When they were still crushing on each other, it did... but after I hooked them up, they became quite an amazing team. Louis is still a shade clumsy, but when he's needed for duty, their connection makes them invaluable."

Varian nodded. "Then they can do as they please." He smirked. "Within reason."

"Pfft, everyone leaves the public sexcapades to me." 

With a sigh, Varian put a hand on her shoulder. "No one has your legendary stamina."

"You're damned right they don't."

"You KNEW about this?" The man exploded.

"Well, of course." Varian nodded. 

"This is an outrage!"

"I fail to see how this is a problem of any sort."

"This is an outrage! A perversion! A spit in the face to those who value the Alliance!"

Varian blinked. "What?"

The man jabbed his finger at Elunara. "This is YOUR fault!"

"My fault? Why is it MY fault?"

"You brought this perversion with you!"

"Alright, I have to ask... What emotion are you trying to invoke here?"

"You should be ashamed of yourself!"

"Of all of the emotions that exist in the world, shame is not one I am familiar with. I'm not sure I've ever felt it."

"I don't doubt it." Varian snorted.

The man was red in the face, and huffing and puffing. "This is DISGUSTING!"

"Alright, I've had enough." Varian rolled his eyes. "Remove this man." He waved a hand. As the guards grabbed the man by the arms, Varian shook his head. "Should he try to start anything, remove him from the city."

After they left, Varian ran a hand down her back and kissed her neck. "I caught that." He whispered. 

"Mm, I'd like to... discuss this further... but I need to check on my friends."

"Yes, of course." He pulled back. 

Making her way through the city, she found their house. When she knocked, the door swung open on its own. "Guys?" She followed the sound of sniffling, and found Louis on the bed. 

"He left me..." Louis whimpered.

"Oh, Louis." Elunara sat down and wrapped her arm around his shoulders. "Tell me what happened."

"We... we were..."

"It's me. Blurt it and go."

"We were enjoying each other this morning. We kind of had an off day, so we were taking it. I don't know what happened, but I think we left the door unlocked, because my father... my father walked in." He scrubbed his fingers through his hair. "I don't remember everything... but after he ran out of here... Jerry was just SO pissed. I don't remember what I said to my father, but Jerry was just so insulted by it. I... I..." He buried his face in his hands.

Elunara rubbed his back. "Come on, get it out."

"I don't even know!" He wailed, before clinging to her shirt. 

"Louis, my number one personal rule, is to never do something out of anger or haste, because you wind up doing things you regret. This is what happened here. You were upset and you ran your mouth and probably said some really stupid shit. I'm going to go find Jerry. I'll get the whole thing out of him, and then we'll all work this out together, okay?"

He sniffled and nodded. "You can make him come back?"

"Jerry loves you, completely. One little fight isn't going to send him running. He's just extremely pissed off. It happens. People that love each other, scrape elbows ever so often. It happens in my family too." She brushed a hand over his hair. "Let me go talk to him."

She found him leaning against a tree overlooking the docks. "Jerry?"

He looked back, his eyes were red and puffy, but he maintained his dignity. "Hey, Elunara." 

"Talk to me, sugar." She put a hand on his shoulder. 

"Louis's dad is a complete douchebag."

"Oh, that's a fucking given. He came and showed his ass in the Keep this morning."

Jerry's eyebrows shot up. "Why am I even surprised?" He muttered.

"Varian and I chucked him out on his ass. Now, I've already seen Louis, and he believes you're leaving him."

Jerry sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. "You know I'd never leave Louis..."

"I know that. He doesn't." She sighed. "Spill it."

"So Louis' dad comes in and catches us wrapped up in each other, and he starts saying all kinds of horrible stuff..."

After a little while, they sat on the grass, and Jerry picked at it as he talked. "Why would he SAY those things?" He teared up.

"Because he was fucking terrified." She shook her head. "Jerry, you know how timid Louis is, and he's terrified of his crazy ass dad. He'd say anything to get out of the confrontation, including throw the person he loves the most under a cart just to do it. I know what he said hurt, but that's why I'm so adamant about my rule." She stood up and brushed herself off. "Come on; let's get you both together again. Then I can tell you both how Varian and I dicked with that asshole until Varian got bored and chucked him out."

When Jerry and Louis were wrapped up in each other, she sighed. "Maybe you two twits SHOULD get married."

Louis blushed and Jerry laughed. "We haven't, just to annoy Tippy. We've pulled a you, and just decided we are."

Elunara laughed. "I knew I liked you guys."

That night, Elunara lay on the bed, on her belly, as she worked on her portraits. By her estimation, she had another ten or fifteen minutes to work before the door opened. She liked these little moments of quiet. For once in her life, she rather enjoyed not being on the clock. Amazing what one little orc could do.

The door opened and she didn't look up from her work. She could hear him moving around, as she finished up the fine detail work on one picture, and flipped to the next.

"So, how are Jerry and Louis?"

"Better, now that I've kicked their asses for letting one little prick ruin their off day."

"Ah." He sat down and rubbed a hand on her back. "Your work is always so flawless." Varian murmured. 

"I've seen an increase in portraits again. Every time I hand a few over, all of their friends want one too."

He laughed. "I can see why." Bending forward, he kissed her shoulder.

"I'm almost done." She continued her work, as he tugged her pants down and off. 

Once the offending garment was in the floor, he ran his hand on the inside of her ankle, up her leg, across the knee, between the thighs, and to the soft folds between. He considered it a sign of how good she was; that she never flinched in her work, even as he worked his fingers through her. The only sign he got, was the wiggle of her hips and the curling of her toes. 

Carefully, she stored her papers away, and tucked pencils in their holders, before closing the board. He took it from her and slipped it under the bed. He moved his hand and she rolled on to her side. Once again, he returned his hand and fingers to their warm, wet place. 

"Mm, I like it when you're insistent, sugarcakes."

"Ah, you and your little nicknames." Varian pressed his mouth to hers, still pumping his fingers in and out. 

Her hand came up and around, threading her fingers through his hair. Moving his hand, he pushed her over, and tucked her under him as he slipped inside. Her legs came up his sides, and he ran a hand down her leg and to her hip. He tugged her shirt over her head and tossed it aside. Soft and slow, they danced their mouths together, as their hands roamed each other's bodies. As he pumped in and out, he moved his mouth down her neck and to her shoulder, reaching that spot that drove her mad.

She writhed under him and dragged her fingers through his hair. The band holding his hair back, snapped, and his hair cascaded down around her face. He grinned down at her. With a laugh, she pulled him down and enjoyed the feel of his mouth against hers. 

Curled up together, she ran her fingers through his hair. "Fascinating."

"Yeah, it kind of gets all over the place." He eyed the broken band. "I have another one around here, somewhere."

"I have to say, this is pretty fucking sexy." She ran a lock through her fingers. "Though, I still like it in the band... you look so... savage." She purred. "But this... this is kind of fun."

He ran his hand across her hip and grabbed her ass. "How sexy?" He breathed.

"Mm, how about I show you?" She purred.

In the early morning hours, she sat beside him and worked. 

"It's rather fascinating to watch you do that."

"So I'm told." She murmured, as she added detail to him.

He slipped a finger into her papers and tugged a random page out.

"Uh, you don't..."

He stared at the picture of Jerry and Louis, wrapped around each other, naked and in a... fascinating position.

She took the page back and tucked it back in her board. 

"I... never wanted to see that." He shuddered.

"You run that risk when you snag my pages without asking."

"I guess I should be impressed you captured that image in the throes of things."

"I intend to turn it into a late wedding present for them."

"They're getting married?"

"They... pulled a me, and declared it."

"Ah." Under the cover, he ran a hand on her leg, slipping his fingers down and brushing the soft hairs. "Speaking of pulling a you..." There was a knock on the door. He grinned up at her. "Enter!"

"Father, I... oh, it's you again." Anduin glared. 

Varian sat up and sighed. "Yes?"

Anduin pointedly ignored her. She wasn't looking at him anyway; she was sketching something on that board of hers. "I wanted to speak to you about this Amphitheater project."

"Speak to her, it's her baby."

Anduin froze. "What?"

"I've asked him to build it." She looked up. "What's the matter with it?"

He grit his teeth. "Can you at least put on a shirt?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Where IS my shirt?" She turned to Varian. 

"Ah... I lost track of it."

"This is the hazard of letting you take my clothes off." She sighed and closed her board. 

Anduin flushed. "I'll wait outside."

"Suit yourself."

After, Varian opened the door for her.

"Maybe I should bring over a few changes of clothes... so we don't have to spend thirty minutes hunting a shirt." 

He grinned. "Sorry, when you stuck that pretty little ass in the air, I couldn't help myself."

"Men." She snorted. 

Anduin sighed. "Why do you want this thing built?"

"To sing." 

"To sing?"

"You should read my mission reports some time."

"I care not for pornography." He sniffed.

"I never include my personal work into my reports. I'm a professional. Back on Draenor, I found that if I got up and sang for the refugees, they did better. They were happier, more willing to work, and inspired to aid us. I once saw a man ravaged by grief, who was brought to tears by me singing his wife's favorite song, and then he turned around and helped our men build housing. He told me that he slept better for about a week after I did it. So, every time he asked, I sang. 

Once a month, I would sing. I plan on continuing the tradition. It always encouraged others to try their voice, and soon, others would follow the caravans and sing for those who wanted to hear. It will bring great things to this city, and that is my only goal."

Varian put a hand on her shoulder and kissed her temple. She blinked at him. "I do wish you two would get along." 

"If you really wish to know me, Anduin, you should speak with my family." She said quietly. "Start with my boys, for they are the most honest." 

"Momma!" She heard Bradly call down the hallway.

"Dear Elune, that child has a knack for timing that I will never understand." She shook her head.

The boys ran through, Bradly holding his bleeding arm.

Panic grabbed at her, and she shoved it down. "What happened?"

"Yoona bit Bradly!" Darguni cried. 

"Yoona?" Elunara reached out, but Anduin was closer and he began to heal the wounded arm. She knelt. "What happened?" She repeated. "Tell me everything."

"Well, I went to get her collar on..."

"And she started this low growl,"

"And we thought she was playing,

"But then she snapped out and got me in the arm."

"Savage jumped between us, and smacked her down."

"She hissed at him, and he shoved her back."

"He tried to lick her ear, like he does,"

"But she bit at him too."

"Then he growled at her,"

"And she swiped at him, claws out."

"So he shoved her back until she was in their room."

"And now he's sitting in front of her door,"

"And won't let her out, or us in."

Elunara eyed the arm. "Thankfully it was just a graze." She rubbed the new scar. "She's not far enough along to be moody..." With a sigh, she stood up. "I'll figure it out. You guys stay here. I'll let you know when it's ok." Not looking back, she took off running. 

Bradly elbowed Darguni. "Prince Anduin healed my arm!" He hissed. 

"Yeah, so, Momma would have done it."

"It's not the same!"

"You're too easily impressed." Darguni scoffed. 

"I say you're not impressed enough!"

Varian chuckled and leaned over the papers on the table. Anduin cleared his throat. "Well, it certainly is interesting to meet the both of you."

Bradly flushed and gave an awkward bow. 

"Please don't bow to me." 

Darguni snorted. "At Momma's speed, we're practically kin anyway."

Anduin went red. "What do you mean by that?"

"Whoever Momma loves; becomes part of our family."

"This happen frequently?"

"All the time."

"Momma loves the King of Stormwind?" Bradly eyed his brother with interest.

"Well, yeah. She was saying it the other day to Papa Jordan."

Varian froze and turned, ever so slightly.

"Papa Jordan was teasing her over that bracelet. She was in a foul mood after she came home with Momma Tuly. And Momma says "It's lucky that I love the hell out of that man, or I'd have his dick on a platter." Now, I know Momma says weird things, so the last comment could mean anything, but she NEVER uses love without meaning it."

Bradly nodded. "This is true. If Momma said "love" then it means everything. I guess that does make us practically kin."

Elunara made her way into the house and found Savage pressed up against the door. "Come on boy, I gotta see her, or I can't fix her."

He gave a nervous chuffing noise. 

"I know she got you too, but I gotta get my hands on her."

He slowly got up and wandered over. 

"Oh, she got you pretty bad, didn't she?" She ran a hand on his muzzle and healed the slash. "There, now you can join Jordan in the distinguished category." Pushing open the door, she saw Yoona with her head cocked to the side, licking at nothing. "Well, shit. I know what that one is. Should have figured you'd get your momma's bad teeth."

She held out her hands and talked quietly. Yoona growled, and Savage lunged forward. She pushed him back and continued to advance on Yoona, speaking low and soft. "I know it hurts baby, but I gotta get my hands on you to heal you. I bet, just like Tulani, you've got an abscess you never mentioned." Gentle, she placed her hand on Yoona's head, and channeled at soothing the injury. 

"Oh, hell, that's a nasty one. I need a specialist." She looked back at the big black cat. "I don't suppose you know where the collar and lead are."

Savage turned and left. She continued to channel the energy, dampening the pain for Yoona. She laughed when Savage brought over the objects requested. Snapping them around Yoona's neck, she experimented with energy transfer, and found she could empower the lead. 

"Come on you two; let's tell someone where we're going."

Leading the two cats through town, she hit the training yard first. "Hey, Sugarbear, I have to take Yoona to Darnassus, she has an abscessed tooth I can't budge."

"I'll tell the family." 

"I'm going to take the boys."

"Alright."

She headed into the keep and found the boys talking poor Anduin to death. "Hey, I have to take Yoona to Darnassus. You coming?"

"Yeah!" They both cried. 

"Can I take the lead?" Bradly tugged on it. 

"No, I'm using it to channel energy into her."

"Oh, alright."

"We're going to see Grand Momma?" Darguni bounced. 

"Yeah, come on." She looked over and grinned at Varian. "Later, lover."

Darguni elbowed Bradly. "See, I told you she said love."

Varian just stared.

"Well, that was overwhelming." Anduin muttered.

"You're telling me." Varian blinked.