 "So, what's wrong with Yoona?" Bradly frowned as he pat her head. 

"She's got a bad tooth. Try not to bother her so much, she hurts pretty badly right now. Only I can keep her calm until we can have it fixed."

"Alright." He bounced back and forth on his feet. "I didn't get to see Darnassus before... us. We never could afford the boat, or a mage." 

"I've been, but I don't remember the first time, and last time we were too worried about Lydia to sightsee." Darguni sighed. 

"Well, this way we don't have to worry about wonky portals." The boat pulled in and they stepped on.

"Hey, Elunara. These all yours?" The first mate grinned. 

"Yeah, this is Bradly, Darguni, Yoona and Savage." 

"Quite a brood you've got going there."

"I know, right?" 

He held up her wrist. "Where'd you get the shiny bracelet?"

"For my work in Draenor." She rolled her eyes. 

"Not the usual method?" He winked.

"What do you think my work WAS?" She rolled her eyes again.

"Only you." He shook his head. 

Once in Darnassus, She headed to the saber handler's. "Hello, I have a cat with an abscessed tooth."

"Oh, hey Elunara. Who are these two?"

"Yoona, and Savage. Savage is a Draenor cat."

"Ooo, I've always wanted to get my hands on one. May I?"

"Savage, are you going to be a good boy?"

He purred and rubbed against her. 

"I take that as a yes."

The man inspected Savage. "Oh, he is a beauty. Look at him."

"I accidentally befriended him trying to save a child, and he's been at my side since. I've even used him as a mount a few times. He's quite gentle."

"Amazing."

"He's mated himself to Yoona, though as a cub, he helped me handle her."

"Speaking of Yoona; let me look at that mouth." He opened the cat's mouth and frowned. "Damn. I should have looked here first. I have no idea how she's so calm."

"Because I'm channeling energy into her. She's got her mother's bad teeth alright."

"Mother...?" He blinked up at her.

"Yeah, Yondre?"

"Uh, Yondre... Yondre was never allowed to mate."

"What?"

"Well, no. The teeth were one thing, but she had other things wrong her." He shook his head. "Even still, Yondre's been gone for years. Our cats may live longer than most, but even that's a far stretch."

"But... mother told me... She told me that Yoona was from Yondre's latest litter..."

He winced. "Shiiiit. I am so dead. Well, you're going to have to ask her." He scratched the back of his head. "Look, let me take Yoona, and while I deal with her tooth, you can ask Tyrande what's up..."

Darguni leaned over to Bradly. "Maybe we should wait outside." He whispered. 

"Momma might need us." He whispered back. 

In a daze, Elunara walked up the ramp. Tyrande rushed over. "You lied to me."

Tyrande came up short and blinked.

"You lied to me... why?"

Tyrande shook her head. "I lied about what?"

"You... you said Yoona was from Yondre."

She blinked. "Oh. That one." 

Elunara narrowed her eyes. "What do you mean by "that one"?"

"That came out wrong." She sighed. "I wanted to give you a gift, and I wanted it to mean something. I never thought you'd discover the truth." She put a hand over her chest. "I'm not even sure how you found out now..."

"Yoona has a bad tooth like Yondre used to get. I mentioned this and got the truth." She gestured. 

Tyrande sighed. "I had her ordered. I thought that I could give you a meaningful gift, to help repair our relationship, if just a little. I didn't mean anything harmful by it."

The boys tugged on her hands. "Yeah, Momma."

"You told us, that sometimes the intent is more important than the result..." Bradly said in a low voice. 

"I hate when you toss my own advice at me." She grumbled. 

"Does that mean the crisis passed?" Bradly asked hopefully.

"Gods, now YOU sound like your dad." She smacked her face.

"Well, I take that as a yes." Darguni shrugged. "Hey, Grand Momma!"

Later, Elunara stooped down and ran a hand on Yoona's head. "So, how is she?"

"Well, we got it cleaned, drained and healed back up, but it's going to be sore for a few days." He wiped his hands. "That big boy of yours stayed by her side, even when she was out. We just opted to work around him."

"He's a real sweetie. When we first got Yoona, she was a royal pain in the ass, always shredding things. She'd get into Tulani's studio and just destroy the place. Then, I met this guy by accident, and he'd smack her down and sit on her. He helped us get her properly trained. Now that she's old enough, I guess he's just mated to her now." She watched Savage groom Yoona's head.

"It's adorable is what it is." He handed her a pouch. "Just put this in her food for a few days."

She headed back to the temple. "Come on, you two. She's just a boat ride away now."

"Awww."

"You know..." Tyrande grinned. "I could take care of them for a day or two, and bring them back to you."

"Can we, Momma?"

"Yeah, please?"

"Eh, fine. This is one of the safest places they could be."

"YEAY!"

Once home, she led Yoona back into the room she shared with Savage. 

"Where are the boys?" Jordan dried his hair. 

"Mother's got them."

Jordan froze and blinked. "I... I'm kind of shocked."

She shrugged and ran her fingers down his wet chest. "They're safe there. It's a bit of a test anyway." 

Grogek was leaning over the banister. "That should be interesting."

With a sigh, she stretched. "Well, on the one hand, we're on much better terms now. Darnassus is one of the safest places they could be, and it's just for a night or two. On the other hand, I've always kept them close, and I just don't know what's going to happen. So, we'll see."

Jordan put his hands on her hips. "I'm proud of you baby."

"She lied to me."

He paused, inches from kissing her. "What?"

"Yoona is not the cub of my former cat. In fact, it was told to me that Yondre never mated because of her health problems and died younger than typical Darnassian cats. Yoona was bred specifically to give to me..."

"That's.... odd."

She pushed past Jordan and headed upstairs. "I don't know how to process that one."

Grogek shrugged. "You'll figure it out, my love."

"Also, it's starting to freak me out that Darguni sounds like you..." She pointed at Grogek. "And Bradly sounds like you." She put her finger on Jordan's chest.

Grogek grinned. "What is the saying? Like father, like son?"

Elunara shuddered. "Creepy is what it is." She looked in the bedroom. "Where's Tulani?"

"With Zelinnia. She's got the flu bug that's going around." Jordan grabbed Elunara's hips and pushed himself against her ass. "Looks like it's just the three of us tonight."

Grogek slid his hands up under her shirt. "Unless you're too tired..."

She snorted. "Am I ever?"

He yanked her shirt over her head. "Good."

Jordan yanked her pants down, and slid his fingers through her soft hair. "We were hoping you'd be back tonight."

"So, what's your pleasure?" She ran her hands on Grogek's chest. 

Grogek tugged his dick free of his pants. "If you don't mind."

Grinning, she bent at the waist and licked down the shaft. He groaned and grabbed the banister. Jordan ran his fingers along her slit, pressing in with a groan. He pumped two fingers in and out, while she licked Grogek's dick up and down. Her fingers went down and began to massage his balls, as she slipped her lips over the tip. Jordan spread her out, and ran his thumbs up and down the inside of those folds, before sliding his dick in. With one hand, he grabbed the banister; with the other, he rubbed her ass. 

She sucked on the tip for a time, before moving her mouth down, taking him in inch by inch. He gripped the banister and ran his hand over her hair. He brushed her hair out of her face, tangling it in his fingers. She too, grabbed the banister to steady herself, as she massaged Grogek with her free hand. When she finally had the length of him, Jordan began to thrust in and out, causing her to rock against Grogek. Grogek leaned forward and grabbed a breast, pinching the nipple between his fingers.

Jordan's thumb slipped into her ass and she groaned, as he gained speed and strength, rocking her back and forth. He let go of the banister, just to grab her hips to hang on. In and out, his dick slipped through those wet folds, to the clamping heat beneath. 

Her mouth slid over Grogek's massive dick, as Jordan pumped her forward and back. Grogek groaned and ran his hand over her back and into her hair. Her body clamped down and she adjusted her mouth and sucked hard on Grogek's dick, making him explode in her mouth. She pulled off of him and swallowed, wiping her mouth with her fingers. 

Jordan handed her the towel he had draped on his shoulder. "Suddenly, I see why you reinforced that banister so heavily."

She laughed. "Never know when it'll be useful."

The next day, Elunara sat on the couch and worked on her surprise for Zelinnia. Motherhood really did suit the woman. She smiled at the sleeping portrait. At the knock on the door, she didn't bother to get up. "It's open!"

Chrissy stepped in and closed the door, tears streaming down her face. "It's so awful." She whimpered. 

Elunara closed her board and laid it to the side. "Come on, tell me what's awful."

Chrissy flung herself into Elunara lap, wrapping her arms around the Night Elf, and wailing into her shirt.

Elunara laid her hand on the woman's head and stroked her hair. "Sweetie, I need words."

"It's ME!" She wailed. "It was always my fault! Never his!" 

"Sweetheart, I know the subject, I know the players, but I need the context."

Chrissy sniffled. "I went to the healers, I went to the specialists, and I've been checked by everybody. I can't... I can't get pregnant."

"Come on, let me see. Stand up." 

Once Chrissy stood up, Elunara reached out and put her hand on the other woman's belly. Focusing her energy, she probed. Covering the woman with her warm glow, she traced the body and its various parts. With a frown, she focused and tried repeatedly to heal that which could not be found. She shook her head. "Even Elune cannot heal what is not there." She whispered. 

"How could this happen?" Chrissy whimpered.

"I don't know, sweetheart. Come," Elunara pat the couch. "Lay here."

Before she could, there was another knock on the door. Elunara got up and frowned at Gerald. 

He raked a hand through his hair. "Someone told me Chrissy came this way in tears. Is she alright?"

"Come in." She closed the door behind him. 

"Baby, what's wrong?" He wrapped his arms around her. 

"I can't... I..." As fresh tears streamed down her face, Chrissy started wailing again.

Elunara sighed. "Chrissy's body doesn't have the necessary parts to conceive. There's nothing anyone can really do about it."

He stared at Elunara, and she gave him a "Choose your words carefully" signal.

"Oh, baby, I'm so sorry. I know how much you wanted this."

She wept against him. "Didn't you?"

"I wanted to make you happy. That's all I've ever wanted, was to make you happy."

Elunara began giving hand signs to Gerald. "I can help you get through this." She signed. "I will help you say the right things and protect your marriage. You need to trust my judgment, and ad lib when necessary."

"I will always trust you." He discreetly signed back.

Elunara signaled "nickname".

"Sweetheart, I love you, and I've known from the mention, how desperately you've wanted this. I can't lie to you and say that I was sold on it as much as you, because I've never really given children a thought." He brushed his thumb across her tears. "For so much of my life, I was alone, and I liked being alone. I'd see these guys with their wife and kids and I'd think "sucker". Didn't seem like my kind of scene. I never gave women much thought because they were easy to get my hands on, easy to get what I wanted and move on. It wasn't until you..."

He ignored Elunara and went for his heart. "If it wasn't for Elunara and her weird ways, I wouldn't have even given you a thought. I was set on being that single guy who dies doing his job, and never leaving behind a broken heart somewhere. It just seemed like a cruel thing guys in my profession did. Then that lunatic came to me with "the answer to my question" and I almost hit the floor. I didn't think she was freaking serious." He laughed. "But then I met you, and it kind of went from there." 

"Really?" She whispered. 

Gerald went back to Elunara for guidance. "Yeah, really. I just... I don't know. I knew I had to have you, and spending time with you, I discovered just how hollow I had been all of those years. I found something I didn't know I was looking for." He kissed her tears. "I love you and I just want you happy, even if I don't get WHY it would make you happy. I'm not disappointed, I'm only sad that you're hurt. I don't want you hurt."

"I just... I keep seeing these other families with their babies, and I just want that so badly."

He sighed and tightened his grip on her waist. "I know. I know you've gone completely bonkers on me, because you were pursuing that ideal so hard and fast, you couldn't think of anything else."

"I feel so foolish."

"But, I love that about you." He began to sway softly, only half following Elunara's suggestions. "You get an idea, and run with it until you've driven it into the floor. How else do you keep getting Tippy's recipes out of her? You can achieve some really crazy things, because of how crazy you are willing to get for it. Hell, I doubt we would have ever come across one another if you hadn't gotten an idea in your head about taking your sexual preferences into your own hands... at risk of huge embarrassment."

She giggled. "Yeah."

"That's a good sound." He brushed his cheek up against hers. "Listen, let me talk to Elunara for a few minutes, then, let's just go home."

"Alright." She sighed. 

Gerald stepped out behind Elunara and closed the door. He frowned at her. "How the hell did you know all of that, when I've never voiced it to ANYONE? Barely even said it inside my own head?"

"You forget how many men I've had sex with, and how many of them I've laid beside at night, listening to them ramble on about shit they should be saying to their own wives. All I have to do; is apply the right ones to your personality type."

He frowned. "That's creepy."

"No, it's just sad. She can cry on me if she wants... but, do both of you a favor and take her home, and make sweet, slow, love to your wife, and make her understand that she could never be a disappointment to you." She pushed the door open. Marching over, she snapped the board closed. "You don't want to look at that."

Fresh tears streamed down Chrissy's face. 

"What's in the board?" Gerald frowned.

Elunara opened it and showed it to him.

"Ah." He put his hands on Chrissy's arms. "Come on, Sweetheart, let's get you home."

After they left, Elunara sighed and closed the board. She'd lost her taste for the thing at the moment. She headed down to the training yard. She found Mark giving some instructions to a pair of newbies. 

He caught her signal and jogged over. "What's up?"

"How's Jenny been?"

"Uh..." He blinked. "Well, she spends her days with Zelinnia lately."

"That I know, but it doesn't tell me much."

"She's happy. Well, as happy as she gets. There's always this edge of sadness to her. She's enjoying playing maid for Zelinnia. It's the first thing I've ever seen her truly get in to." He sighed. "Look, first her brother, then her baby, now you... she keeps losing things. It's killing her."

"She never "lost" me, Mark. I just want her to stop acting like an ill kept pet. I don't want her thinking she should pay more than she owes. It's been endlessly frustrating that I haven't been able to get into that head of hers. I know Terrance ruined her, but it's our job to fix her. She deserves to be happy, and I just want her to stand up for herself and TAKE it."

"So, you don't hate her anymore?"

Elunara shook her head. "I never hated her in the first place." She sighed. "I adore her, and I just wish she'd see it for what it is, and not what she thinks it's supposed to be."

He relaxed his shoulders, and the rest of his body followed suit. "She's been devastated since you yelled at her."

"I was trying to make her angry, determined to prove me wrong, anything but sadder."

He ran his fingers through his hair. "You know she means the world to me. I've been so damned pissed at you for hurting her."

With a sigh, she put a hand on his arm. "And you should know by now, that I'm not that kind of person. Do YOU like the fact that she acts like a scared little pet all the time?"

"No. I mean, she's really come out of her shell, but..."

"You know there's more in there for her, if she'd just let it out."

"Yeah."

"Terrance fucked her up, and it's up to the rest of us to figure out how to fix it. She may never be able to stand confidently on her own, but we've got to try and reach her."

"You're a good person, Elunara. I'm sorry I lost track of that."