 She sat on the platform and pulled Zelinnia's sheet back out, adding in fine detail.

"I saw you talking to Mark. Everything alright?"

She reached down and rubbed her hand on Grogek's smooth head. "Just trying to figure out what to do with timid Jenny."

"Ah." He took her hand and kissed it. "You'll figure it out."

"I hope so. She's killing me."

"Just another one of your adult children." He grinned. 

"Ugh, stop."

He massaged her hand. "Am I wrong?"

"No." She grumbled. "I guess I should go confront my problem child..."

She walked around the house. It was a small, simple, officer's living space. The furnishings were plain, and the only bits of life she found, were obviously Mark's. Jenny didn't even blip here. It was kind of sad, because she knew that Mark just wasn't that type. His wife should be celebrated throughout the house. She sighed. 

The door opened and Jenny froze at the door. "H.... Hello?" She whispered.

Elunara stepped out. "Hello, little dove."

Jenny put a hand to her chest. "You scared the life out of me."

"How did you know I was here?"

"I... I don't know." Jenny blinked. "Just, something in my heart hurt."

"Hmm, I wonder if that's a remnant of how you lived." Elunara shrugged, but filed the information away for later. 

"Why are you here?"Jenny sighed and put her bag on the table.

"Because I'm trying to figure you out." Elunara tugged out a chair and sat in it backwards. "Jenny, there is something in you, and you tamp it down and hide it because you're afraid of someone being offended. Look at this place; you haven't put a single piece of yourself anywhere in here. Go out, buy something for the fuck of it, and put it on a shelf."

"Are you here to yell at me again?" She sighed and sat down. 

"There!" Elunara pointed. "There is the beginning of sass. That edge of annoyance."

Jenny rubbed her temples. "Elunara..."

"Jenny, I want the best for you." Elunara sighed. "I want you to live like a person, not a well kept pet."

"I just don't understand you."

"Because you don't understand yourself." Elunara sighed. "Tomorrow, you spend with me." She got up and walked out. 

The following morning, Elunara popped open the door and eyed Jenny. "You're earlier than I expected."

"I came as soon as Mark left for work."

Elunara nodded. "Efficient." She jerked her head back, before turning and heading to get her board. "What's your favorite color?"

"Uh," Jenny blinked. "I don... I mean... It's... uh," She flailed her hands. "Purple?"

"Wrong answer." Elunara shook her head. "You're so afraid of giving the wrong answer; you'll lie through your teeth. I know you lived under that with your brother. You're around people that love you and care about you, we want you to be happy, and we want you to have your own personality." She slung her board over her shoulder. "We're going to play a game. I'm going to say something, or ask a question, and you will pop out the first thing to come to mind. Do not lie to me; do not assume I will get mad at you. For clarity sake, I will give you this hand sign," She motioned. "When I want your answer, and this one," She gestured differently. "When I don't. Got it?"

"Y-yes."

"What's your favorite color?"

"Red."

"Favorite flower?"

"Peacebloom."

"Why peacebloom?"

"I... uh, it's pretty?"

Elunara made a rude noise. "Wrong answer."

Jenny sighed. "When I was little, before ter-, my brother got mean, Momma and I would go to the meadows and pick peacebloom together and thread them through our hair." Jenny fiddled with a lock of her own hair. "When she was dying, her last request was for me to gather some up and put them in her hair. They... brought her comfort in her final hours. My brother hated them, called it childish and stupid."

Elunara kissed both of Jenny's cheeks. "We will let the healing begin." She took Jenny's hand and tugged her outside. "Next question, favorite men's hairstyle."

"Mark's." Jenny blinked. "That's a weird question."

"Keeping you on your toes." Elunara dragged Jenny around, rapid firing strange and unusual questions.

"What if I called you a dumb twit?"

Jenny recoiled as if slapped. "What did I do wrong?"

"Wrong response. You should get indignant and demand to know why I was being bitch. Someone insults you, don't go for "it's my fault" go for "explain your damned self". That's what I'm looking for."

"Oh."

"I will probably never know the full brunt of what he did to you, but I can tell you that I think you should discard all of it. Did he call you names?"

"Yes."

"Did he run you down and insult you?"

"Yes?"

"Did he hit you?"

"Frequently." She winced. 

Elunara held up a dress to Jenny and eyed it. "This would be a good maternity dress down the road. Good fabric, nice and breathable, comfy design." She turned to the shop keeper. "You got this in red?"

"Can order it."

"Yeah, do that; and this one too." Elunara held up another dress.

"Got it." The lady scribbled on a pad. 

"What are you doing?"

"Buying you pretty clothes. Come on, I know a shop that has all kinds of pretty junk that sits around the house for no reason."

Jenny was in complete awe as Elunara dragged her from shop to shop, asking weird questions and never seeming to stop. They sat in Tippy's new place and Jenny eyed the bags. 

"When you go home, you're going to put every last item where it goes. Not where you think I would put it, not where you think Mark wants it, but where YOU want it. You're not even allowed to ask Mark his opinion, got it?"

"I... think so." Jenny giggled nervously. "I think that lady was going to faint when you asked me what my favorite sex position was..."

Elunara grinned. "I don't do modest."

"She really doesn't." Tippy snorted, as she put down the plates. 

"How's married life?" Elunara grinned.

Tippy gave Elunara a cat smile. "You win. You know how to pick 'em."

"I told you I chose well."

Tippy snorted. "Don't know why I ever doubted you."

After Tippy sauntered off, Jenny sighed. "Why are you doing all of this? Why are you asking me all of these weird questions?"

"Because I want you to think independently. You are a person. You are not an animal, you are not a pet, and you're certainly not whatever Terrance tried to make you be. You have your own thoughts, feelings, and opinions. Use them." Elunara stuffed her mouth. 

Jenny poked at her plate.

"Whether you believe it or not, I actually care about you. BE something. Don't wait around to be told what to do." She put a hand on Jenny arm. "I bet being a maid for Zelinnia feels comfortable because you're being told what to do. You don't have to worry if your actions will upset her, because she already told you what she wants. That's fine for now, but eventually your own son will be born, and then where will you be?"

Jenny's hand flew to her belly. "I'm having a boy?"

Elunara winced. "Shit, I keep forgetting I can feel that."

Jenny jumped up. "I need to tell... Oh, I'm sorry." Jenny sat back down.

Elunara smacked her own forehead. "Girlie, go with that first instinct. This is important, go tell your husband."

"But, what about...?"

"I'll handle the bags... now, get."

Jenny fled. 

"Hey man, isn't that your wife?"

Mark looked up and frowned at Jenny, running full tilt. She body slammed him, but he barely flinched, she was just too tiny. "Darling, what's wrong?"

"It's... It..." She gasped, as she slid to her knees. "It...boy." Someone handed her a water skin and she chugged, before choking. 

Mark stooped down and patted her back. "Sweetheart, I need words."

"It's... a boy." She gasped out.

"We're having a boy?" He whispered.

She nodded her head rapidly. "Elunara... just told me." She gasped. 

He scooped her up. "If Elunara says it, then it must be true!"

"I know!" She threw her arms around his neck.

Later in the day, Elunara whistled as she carried the picture under her arm. The door opened and Zelinnia stared at her blearily. 

"Oh, I guess you want your wife back." Zelinnia yawned.

"Nah, I know you've been sick."

"I think this is the first day in a week I've been able to breathe on my own." She sighed as she stepped back. "Thankfully the babies didn't pick it up." 

Elunara stepped inside. "That's always good."

"Helps having a priestess, as weak as I am, keeping them shielded." Tulani smiled. 

Zelinnia flopped down on the couch. "I'm still so tired, though." 

"Well, perhaps this will make you feel better." Elunara held out the fabric wrapped parcel. 

Curious, Zelinnia took the package and unwrapped it. She gasped. "Oh, it's so beautiful." Tears streamed down her face.

"One day, you and Tulani had both babies and all of you were asleep, and I just couldn't help myself."

Zelinnia carefully sat the portrait down and threw herself on Elunara. "Oh, I love it!" She pressed her mouth to Elunara's.

Elunara laughed. "I sure hope you're not still contagious." She ran her hands down Zelinnia's back. 

Tulani giggled. "She's as safe as Zelinnia gets." She winked.

The door opened and Renwa blinked. "Please tell me I didn't miss the fun."

"Men." Elunara snorted. She brushed Zelinnia's hair back. "Nah, your little darlin' is still icky."

"Ugh, I am. Can't you fix me?

"If you'd just got sick? Maybe. Right now, your body has to flush itself out."

"Boo." She sighed and stood up. "Look what Elunara brought!" Zelinnia snatched the picture up and handed it to Renwa. 

"Oh, it's so much better than the first time."

"You knew?"

"He was sitting there when I started the initial work."

"Oh." She sighed. "I guess that makes sense."

Renwa laughed. "The amount of artwork we have from you..." 

"I love showering my favorite people with affection." Elunara kissed Zelinnia's temple. 

Renwa took Elunara's arm and twirled the bracelet. "I still can't believe this thing."

Tulani giggled. "You should have seen her on the trip."

"Ugh, I had so many poor merchants thinking they owed me something."

He laughed. 

"For revenge, I'm having him foot the bill for me an amphitheater, as well as a little bit of... orchard space." She grinned.

"Does he know about South Orchard?"

"Yes. I've talked with him at length about some of these things. We do more than fuck each other's brains out, you know."

"I can't get over that one."

"Neither can Jordan. He thinks it's the coolest thing ever. Grogek, of course, doesn't particularly care."

"Your family is so weird, Lu"

"You're part of it."

"I repeat... weird."

"Speaking of family, you remember Terica?"

"How can we forget?" Zelinnia snorted.

"Dak's mother has never heard of her, and one of her set ups involved an SI:7 man out on vacation."

"The shit?" Renwa blinked.

"Yeah, Mathias is tearing apart the SI:7 trying to get to the bottom of it. The guy that broke Lucy's jaw, and then got hauled back in as kitty food? He was on a one week vacation leave from SI:7, AND Lucy found me a letter elaborating on the set up against Lucy."

"Why haven't you told me this before?"

"First, been busy as hell. Second, Mathias can't find ANYTHING, so there was nothing to come to you with. And third, there's been no hide, nor hair of anything else involving the incident, so we've believed you all safe. I'm only telling you now, because I just thought of it."

"How's Lucy holding up?"

Tulani giggled, and Elunara shot her a look. "Lucy... Lucy's been using me for a bit of sexual relief."

Renwa choked.

Zelinnia shrugged. "I don't blame her."

"You and Lucy?"

"Eh, sort of. You know how I work... and the only sexual partner she's ever had before me, was Terica, who apparently only... took it, but never gave it."

"That's a shame."

"That's a sham." Elunara shrugged. "I'll give her what she needs, as long as she continues to improve herself." She eyed Tulani. "And Tulani is giggling like a loon over there... because Lucy is the aggressive type, and I find it a little bewildering."

"The goddess of sex is bewildered?" Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "Now I want to watch."

Elunara started counting.

"Don't count at me, I know what I said. I want to see you off your game for once."

Elunara reached over and pinched Zelinnia's ass. "Anytime, sweetheart."

"Hey, no one pinches my wife's ass but me." He reached over and demonstrated. 

"Ooo, I want in on this!" 

Zelinnia jumped back and flushed. "Don't you dare!"

Tulani gently rubbed Zelinnia's ass.

"Gods, you two must be adorable when you fuck." Elunara laughed. 

Renwa chuckled. "Well, you were there that one time..."

"But I participated, I didn't get to watch." She winked.

"You two are awful." Zelinnia crossed her arms.

Elunara snorted. "You set it up."

Zelinnia licked her lips. "Definitely worth the price of admission." 

Both Elunara and Renwa grinned.

Zelinnia flushed. "You two!"

"Aw, I didn't get to watch?" Tulani pouted.

"Maybe next time, Sweetness." Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "Besides, I've got a few new toys I want to try out." She winked at Zelinnia.