 Elunara whistled on the way to the training yard. Heading for the platform, she was shocked to find arms around her. "ACK! STOP! NO!" She whacked Gerald with her board. "NO HUGGING!"

"You gave me my wife back!"

"Oh, geez. This again?" She shoved at his face. "Let me go." She snorted at him. "I didn't DO anything; she talked herself out of her funk. 

He snorted back. "Sometimes, it's just fun to irritate the shit out of you, Nara."

"Don't call me "Nara"." She growled. She made her way on to the platform and flopped down.

"I don't care what you think you did or didn't do. You exist, you let her work it out, I don't care... Thank you."

"I am genuinely glad she feels better." Elunara popped open her board."Now, get."

"Sometimes it's entertaining to watch you interact with other people."

Elunara jolted and looked back. "Don't do that."

Varian gave her a wicked grin. "I don't know, I kind of like seeing you startled."

"I'll startle your ass." She snorted. Turning back to her intended work, she began to sketch out lines.

"Now, I would really like to know... how one startles someone's ass."

"I'll figure it out." She muttered.

"Someone's in a mood."

Elunara sighed. "I'm always in one mood or another; I don't mean to be snappy."

"What was Captain Gerald thanking you for?"

"His wife recently found out that she cannot conceive. Her body is just not right. She's been extremely depressed the past couple of weeks. She spent time with me yesterday, and is back to her old self again."

"You're a kind person."

"All I really did was let her talk herself out."

"That's still a kindness."

"Yes, I know." She smiled up at him. "Did you need something, Sugar?"

"Just enjoying your company." He smiled. 

"Right. Some lunatics actually do that." She grinned. 

"You know, I thought the Junior Warriors thing was nuts... but I'm actually seeing progress."

"Yeah, Jordan's a knack for it."

"Your own boys seem the best." He murmured as he watched them.

"When your dad is the trainer, you're expected to be better than everyone else."

"Speaking of sons... mine is trying to understand us better."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "He should stop... he's just going to hurt himself."

Varian laughed. "Would you like to see the space where we're putting your project?"

She closed her board. "Sure."

They walked through town. "Is it on the spot of land I scouted?"

"Yes."

"Any questions?"

"None."

She eyed him. "Suddenly, I'm suspicious."

He laughed. "Can I not just enjoy your company?"

"Maybe..." She eyed him askance. 

He brushed his fingers through some of her hair. "It's entertaining, bringing out the different sides of you."

She shook her head with a laugh. "Sometimes, I just don't get you."

"I believe the appropriate phrase is... "Look who's talking."

"Touché." Elunara rolled her eyes and looked over. "Oh, hey Lucy."

"I... didn't expect to see you here." Lucy blinked. 

"I'm having Varian build me a place to sing." Elunara grinned. "Sorry, Varian, this is Lucy. You met her in Draenor. She's living with me right now."

His eyebrows shot up. "Is that so?"

"Eh, it's both more and less complicated than you might think. She's the one who made my belt."

"Oh, I remember now." He smiled and nodded. 

"This is Lucy's dad." Elunara gestured. 

Lucy blushed. "Thanks to you, we've taken to having a picnic out here once a week, just to talk."

"Good girl." Elunara kissed Lucy's cheek, and Lucy preened. 

Varian waited until they were out of earshot. "So..."

"We have sex, but aren't exactly what you would call, "in a relationship". It's a little odd, even for me." She shrugged. "I don't mind being used for sexual release while she figures out what she wants in life."

"I guess you wouldn't." He murmured. "How does Tulani feel about this?"

"She giggles. She genuinely thinks it's adorable."

"Will you ever...?"

"Take her into my family? Hell if I know. Meanwhile, she's taught ME a few tricks, being a set in stone female set, and I've only been at it for a few years."

"I guess you CAN teach an old dog, new tricks." He grinned. 

She cracked him in the back of the head. "I can, and will, hurt you."

He laughed. "I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself." He gestured. "Here we are."

She looked around, popped open her board, and began to sketch. "Yes, coming along nicely."

"I have to ask... why the grove?"

"Do you remember what I said of South Orchard?"

"Mostly..."

After she explained, he blinked at her. "You are... kind of crazy."

With a grin, she shook her head. "You just figured this out?"

"I thought you said you got overloaded in town as it is."

"It's leveling out, I'm getting better at filtering, and this is something completely different." She shrugged. "It's just something I really enjoy doing. Grogek gives it to me because he likes seeing me happy, and he benefits from it. The rest of my family avoids it."

"Even Jordan?"

"That modest streak, remember? He's participated in South Orchard, but he prefers to keep it as private as I get."

"I can't say I blame him." He brushed his fingers across her cheek. "I like having you all to myself."

"Also, the semblance you have of control... having me visit you, as opposed to you visiting me." She shrugged. "We all have our little quirks."

He dropped his hand and stared. 

"I didn't mean that rude. I was just stating a fact."

"I've never thought of it in that light."

Kissing his cheek, she grinned. "What did you tell me before, about bullshit?"

"How easily you cut through it." He brushed her hair back. Before she could react, and certainly before he could give himself time to think about it, he captured her mouth with his own. 

Several workers stopped and stared, and a few even elbowed others to get their attention. 

She placed her hands on his breastplate and gladly returned the affection. When they broke contact, her eyes glittered. "You wear entirely too much."

He groaned. "This stupid armor weighs like two hundred pounds."

"Should we... go remove it?"

"Ugh, please. It just got that much more uncomfortable." 

Once in his room, and while he divested himself of his gear, she yanked her own clothes off and tossed them to the side. Grabbing her by the waist, he tugged her forward and went for her mouth again. A slight jump and she wrapped her legs around his waist, her hands on either side of his face. He slipped inside of her and grabbed her ass, pressing her against him. He leaned her against the bedpost, and she wrapped an arm around it. Rocking her hips against him, he began to pump her on and off. 

She wound both arms around the post and held on. He thrust himself in and out of her, groaning when she clamped down on to him. "Not... yet." He gasped. Falling backwards, he pulled her down with him, so that she was sitting on top. 

With a grin, she shifted her legs and turned around. He ran his hands up and down her back, cupping her ass. Up and down, she bounced on him, while he clung to her hips. Grinning to herself, she shifted and contorted her body, licking his balls. 

He jolted. "The hell?" He gasped

She cackled. "Didn't expect that, did you?" She grinned over her shoulder.

"Do that again."

"With pleasure." She shifted again, licking his shaft between her folds and down to his balls. She sucked gently. 

"Holy shit." He near exploded in her. 

Sitting up, she laughed. "Like my little party trick?"

Reaching, he cupped her breasts and tugged her back down. "You're completely crazy." 

Lying on his chest, she giggled. "Again, are you just figuring this out?"

He bit her neck, before slipping his fingers through her soft curls, to the slick folds beneath. One hand cupped a breast and teased the nipple between his fingers, as the other began to pump fingers in and out. She groaned and grabbed the bed sheets. Bucking his hips, he ground his hard dick against the edges of her slit. His fingers continued to work in and out, as he worked on her neck. As she bucked and jerked, he grinned. Tugging his fingers free of her, he slid them across her belly. 

With a giggle, she rolled off of him and curled up under his arm. She rubbed her cheek against his chest. "Mm, you're fun."

"You're a maniac."

She giggled again. "You know, I think you have more to give."

"Huh?"

She sat up and bent over, slipping her mouth over his growing erection.

"Ah, Sweetheart..." He crushed his fingers in her hair, and brushed one hand down her back.

She pumped her hand at the base and moved her mouth up and down, pausing to lick at him. She slipped a hand down and began to tug and massage balls. Arching his back, he bucked his hips up, as his head pressed back against the pillow. His fingers threaded through her hair and he moved it out of the way, so that he could watch her suck him down as he finished in her mouth. She swallowed him and wiped her mouth, licking the remains off of her hand. 

Varian stared at her. 

"What?" She curled back up under his arm, tugging the sheet up over them.

"You... don't usually do... that."

She was licking her teeth, but stopped and stared back. "Huh." She finally managed.

"What is the significance of that?" He whispered.

She ran her fingers on her lip. "Admittedly, I did it without thinking... however; there are only two others that I... swallow. You can guess who they are."

"Grogek and Jordan."

"Yeah... so, draw your own conclusions."

"I already have." He murmured, before cupping her chin with his fingers and tugging her mouth to his in a slow, passionate kiss.

Later, Elunara sat on her own bed and stared at everything in the room. She heard the door open and the familiar footsteps, and was glad he'd come alone. He opened the bedroom door and blinked at her, bloody shirt in hand. 

"I saw you leave with Wrynn."

"Yeah." 

"What's wrong?"

"Um... well..." She scratched the back of her head. 

He dropped the shirt, and was at her side in an instant, kneeling beside her. "What's wrong?"

With a sigh, she ran her fingers on his cheek. "I've been sitting up here, trying to analyze myself... trying to understand why I do things."

"You're scaring me." He whispered.

She could see it. In this huge, Warsong orc, who'd seen and done more than she could possibly imagine... was terrified by whatever secret she was struggling with. "I... swallowed Varian." 

He blinked at her. "Oh."

Her hands shot up. "Please don't be mad. I just wasn't thinking... and I don't know." She raked a hand through her hair.

He chuckled. "My love, is that all? I don't think you do a single thing without thinking. You somehow manage to love this man. It confuses and annoys you, but it is the truth. You only ever do it for men you love. I cannot be angry at this."

She closed her eyes and laid her forehead against his. "Oh, thank the Gods." She whispered. "I was so worried."

"Not as worried as you had me." He kissed her and wrapped his arms around her waist. "Do not worry about what would upset me. We deal with these as we come."

She curled up in his embrace. "Your happiness is my primary concern. It would kill me to have you angry at me."

"Mine. My wife. After that, everything is just fun." He kissed her forehead. "Now, if that panic is over, I need to go ream some idiots for bleeding on me."

"Go torment your men." She brushed her lips against his. 

He pressed in deeper and spoke in orcish. With a laugh, she responded in elvish.

Several days later, Varian stood over his table, going through contracts. 

"Sir, we have a problem with the latest project..."

"What?"

"Well, the men..." The messenger sighed. "Sir, they're refusing to work. Saying this is a project for your... mistress. Some are protesting, calling it a waste of funds."

Varian sighed. "Is that so?"

Elunara whistled while she worked. The sun was warm, and the action good, until a shadow blocked her light. She looked up and grinned. "Hello, lover."

"Your revenge is had."

"Huh?"

"The workers on your project have decided to protest the project, on the grounds that I'm wasting funds, building it for you."

"Oh, that's easily handled."

She closed her board and stood up. "HEY YOU!" All of the men in the training yard froze in their work, and everyone turned to look. "I need every damned one of you louts who like my dumbass, to come build my amphitheater!"

Varian stared with wonder, as most of the men put away their equipment, and walked over. 

"What do you need us to do?" Gerald cocked his head. 

Varian watched in amazement as a massive amount of people showed up out of the woodwork to put together Elunara's design. She stood in the center and began directing the whole mess. Even Grogek had taken to hauling supplies around. The protesting workers sat on the sidelines, just staring. 

"That's my boys!" She called. "It's a bigger protect, but we can beat records! I swear to Elune, Gerald, I WILL ruin your life for convincing people that smacking my ass is good luck!" She growled. "Hey Tonas! See if you can get Mayby and the girls to bring food and drink!"

It was like watching an orchestra, with Elunara as the conductor. More people filed in, and women began to file out with platters and mugs. 

"HEY! I SAW THAT!" Elunara pointed. "NO SHIT WORK ON MY WATCH, BUSTER! DO IT OVER!"

Varian leaned over to the previous contractor. "And that... is how you organize your men." He walked forward. "Well, this seems to be coming along nicely."

"Hey, when we were in Draenor, we got aces as slapping up buildings that lasted." 

"With Gerald running the games..." Jordan panted. "We got competitive." He wiped his face.

Elunara leaned over and kissed Jordan. "It's more fun than work at this point."

Grogek stopped beside Elunara, load of lumber on his shoulder. "And the workout is amazing." 

She leaned over and kissed him too. "Yes. All those lovely rippling backs... I'm going to have fun tonight." She winked at Grogek and licked her lips. "HEY!" She called out. "If this is done by night fall, I'll harass some mages for some lighting and I'll do a performance!"

"YEAH!" The men cheered, and those who could, pumped a fist in the air.

The night fell, and the last boards were tacked in place. Those who couldn't do physical work, volunteered to work on the paint job. Zelinnia and a number of mages arrived and began setting lights all over the place. The work complete, Elunara walked out on to the main stage, her hands in the air, as everyone cheered.

"Now THIS is what I call a job well done!" More cheering. "That's my lovelies. Show these silly contractors what you can get accomplished when you put your BACK into it!" She pointed. "Gerald! Who won the time bet?"

"Jerry did!" He held up a small pouch. "Bastard won five hundred gold!"

"Well, someone's getting laid tonight." Elunara winked. 

There was much laughing and ribbing. 

"Enough of that." Elunara waved a hand. "Who wants to watch me sing like an idiot?"

The cheers were near deafening. She held up her hands again. Taking a deep breath, she laid her head back and let out a yell. She launched into a traditional ballad. She sang her heart out, going for one song after another. She danced, she acted, she had a blast with it, and began to glow. Soon, the excess adoration pumping out at her began to transform her aura, causing her wings to sprout forth. The crowd went wild, and she floated up. Even hovering above the platform, she danced as if her feet touched the ground. 

"Praise our goddess!" One person yelled. Soon, many were yelling it.

At last, she released the excess energy into the crowd, filling them all with a euphoric buff of power. She fell to the ground, landing lightly on her feet. "I LOVE YOU ALL!" She cried, and the crowd went absolutely all over the place.

Varian grinned to the contractor. "I think I should humor my mistress more often." He turned and left.