 Elunara marched in. Seeing him busy, she quietly stepped to the side. Anduin's eye roll did not go unnoticed.

After they left, Elunara slid over to him. 

With a grin, he ran his hand on her hip. "What brings us the honor?"

"I'd actually like to speak to the both of you... over a personal matter."

Varian's eyebrow shot up. "This office should be fine." He gestured.

After her explanation, Anduin frowned. "That's just cruel."

"I'd like to wring their scrawny little necks." Elunara snarled.

"You care a lot about this girl." Anduin's eyebrow shot up, and Elunara privately giggled over the similarities to his father. 

"Doesn't matter how she was born, she's mine. That's all that matters. All I'm really asking from the both of you is kindness. Hell, Prince Anduin saying hello to one little girl, and not another, is goddamned politics to children."

He shrugged. "I can't actually argue with that."

"So how do you plan on arranging all of this?" Varian cocked his head to the side. 

"I'm holding a concert." She grinned. 

Lydia knocked on the door.

Elunara yanked open the door and frowned down at her. "Well, get in."

Lydia scrambled to get inside. 

Elunara slapped the door closed. "Remember my little tomboy, this is humiliating and terrible. You must always leave grumpy."

Lydia grinned. "Of course."

The boys knew their roles well. They sat at lunch with the other boys.

"Poor Lydia." Bradly sighed. 

"I know! Stuck all week with Momma Tuly!"

They both made a face.

"What happened?" One of the other boys scooted closer.

"Lydia lost her temper at some girls..."

"And punched one in the face!"

"Now she has to help sew dresses with Momma Tuly."

"For a WHOLE week!"

"And who knows what chores Momma's making her do."

"Probably sweeping. I hate sweeping." 

"Pfft, I hate changing the beds!"

"Just cause she punched someone?"

"So not fair."

Both boys shook their heads.

Zelinnia giggled as she sat the babies in the crib Elunara had set up. "Oh, Elunara, you're completely fiendish."

"How do you think I get by with so much shit?" She grinned.

"So, where are your drawings?"

"Right here."

Zelinnia gasped. "Oh, it's beautiful."

"Think you can pull it off?"

"Oh, hell yeah."

Ina snorted. "Of course, she pulled me into this mess."

"Oh hush, Ina. You love it as much as anybody." Elunara rolled her eyes. 

Lydia stood in the center of Tulani's studio, arms up. "You think it will work?" She called.

"Honey, if this doesn't work, I'll stop telling people I was a top SI:7 agent."

"A?" Ina snorted. "Try THE."

"Aw, Ina. I didn't know you cared."

"Just speaking truth, girlie."

"Momma cried." Lydia sighed. "After we got home."

"Sweetheart, your Momma's going to need a BOAT after I'm done."

The next day, Elunara stuck her head in Tulani's studio. "Sweetie, I've got another parent appointment. Try not to, but if you come out, look grumpy and stuck here."

"Got it." Lydia nodded.

Elunara opened the door. "Come in, Rachel. How we're going to do this; is I want you to sit in this chair. I will work on your portrait while we talk. I need you to be completely honest with me. I will ask you embarrassing questions, like what your sexual preferences are. You HAVE to be honest, because else wise I can't help you. Chrissy and Gerald are together, because Chrissy came to me and said "I have a sexual preference, how do I get what I want?" and I helped her. Now look at the two of them, they're practically silly."

"Oh, wow..."

Elunara walked into Tulani's studio and sighed. "Apparently, I'm a dating service now."

"Now?" Tulani snorted.

"Don't make me spank you." Elunara pointed.

Tulani cocked her head to the side. "Maybe I'll try it..." Elunara stared and Tulani laughed. "If only to see that look on your face."

"Smartass."

"I guess it would be."

Elunara blinked. "Shit. If you're getting shots off on me, I think I'm just going to throw in the towel..."

"Oh, hush, it's just a sign of how good of a teacher you are." Tulani grinned.

Elunara walked over and kissed her softly. "How's it coming?"

"I'm working as fast as I can. Only gave me a week." She snorted.

"I can buy you time. Lydia, go punch her again."

Tulani pointed at Lydia. "Don't you dare." 

"Little bitch deserves it." Elunara snorted.

"I agree she deserves it, but it doesn't give you the right to be childish." She went back to her work. "Besides, this plan is brilliant enough."

Lydia giggled. 

"What's so funny?" Elunara eyed her.

"It's kind of fun, watching YOU get fussed at."

"My family keeps me honest." Elunara kissed the top of Tulani's head.

"I want to be in your family." Lydia sighed.

Elunara and Tulani shared a look. 

Elunara leaned against the desk. "Well, when you and the boys get old enough..."

Lydia flushed. "I didn't mean... Well, I thought, uhh I..." 

Elunara snorted. "You got ten years to figure that one out, kid." She put a hand on Lydia's head. "Meanwhile, you're practically family by our standards anyway."

Lydia blushed. "Really?" She whispered.

"Really."

"So does that make Lydia our sister?" That night, Darguni cocked his head as he climbed into bed.

Bradly climbed into bed. "Does it?"

"I wouldn't go there just yet. When you're teenagers, you don't want to be dating your sister." Elunara snorted.

"Date?" Bradly flushed.

Darguni cocked his head to the other side. "Makes sense to me. Night, momma!"

"Ni-night, momma." Bradly squeaked.

Jordan tossed his cards down. "Gods, WHY do I play cards with you? You cheat somehow."

Grogek grinned. "You wear everything on your face."

Elunara snorted. "That's damned true." She walked in the room. "Before I ask what the bet was this time... I just got confirmation that Bradly has a massive crush on Lydia."

"Fun." Jordan laughed.

"That's ok; Lydia has a massive crush on YOU." Elunara leaned down and kissed the stunned Jordan.

"Me? Why me?"

"Hell if I know. It's not like you're completely adorable."

"He does seem more attractive than most. For a male, anyway." Tulani smiled from her desk. 

"I told you," Grogek snorted. "You're too damned cute to be straight." 

"So, what was the bet?"

Grogek tugged her into his lap. "You're my wife tonight."

"I'm your wife every night." She snuggled into his lap. 

"No." He kissed her neck. "As in, only mine."

"I'm ok with that."

"Do I get to watch?" Jordan grinned. 

Grogek pointed to the door. "Lost the bet. No."

"Damn." Jordan snorted.

Tulani reached over and locked the port hole on the wall.

"Aw, come on."

Tulani shrugged. "It's only fair. Had you won the bet, you'd have taken her to your room."

"Bah." Jordan kissed Elunara. "Away I go." He stopped at the door. "Tulani gets to watch." He grumbled.

"First, I'm busy with my sewing. Second, I didn't make any bet." 

"Don't be a sore loser, Jordan." Elunara snorted. 

Jordan sighed and closed the door behind him.

"Seriously, one of these days he'll learn to stop playing me." Grogek snorted. 

"Better would be for him to develop a poker face." Elunara giggled. 

Grogek tugged her shirt over her head. 

Elunara leaned back against his chest. "So, what are you going to do to me?"

"I plan on making love to my wife." He kissed her shoulder. "After I play with her." 

She bucked her hips so he could remove her pants. Adjusting her legs over his, she leaned back. 

Tulani sighed. "I almost wish I wasn't busy, that's a hell of a view."

Grinning at Tulani, he licked Elunara's neck, slipping one hand down her belly and to the soft curls below. Elunara purred as he slipped his fingers through her soft folds, cupping a breast with his other hand. He worked on those soft spots on her neck and slipped the first finger in. She groaned and ran her hands across his thighs. 

"Oh, I love when you..." She gasped at the second finger. "Oh, that." She groaned and arched back against him. 

Tulani put her sewing down. "Oh, I guess I can watch for a minute or two..."

Grogek grinned. "Want a taste before I go in?"

"Well, you won the bet."

He laughed. "You said it yourself. You never bet."

With a giggle, Tulani made her way over. "Well, maybe a little lick..." She climbed in the bed and crawled over. She licked around Grogek's fingers. 

Elunara ran her fingers through Tulani's hair. As Grogek pumped his fingers in and out, Tulani licked the edges. When Grogek pulled his fingers out, Tulani slipped her mouth over his fingers, much to his and Elunara's surprise. 

"Oh, dear Elune, Tulani..." Elunara shivered. "You know how to drive me crazy."

Tulani grinned. "I just wanted to clean him off."

Elunara tugged her forward and captured her mouth. 

Tulani giggled. "But, I wasn't done with you yet." She wiggled back down and buried her mouth in Elunara's folds. 

Elunara gripped Tulani's hair. "Ah, my Sweetness. Let me return the favor."

"Hmm." Tulani licked her lips. "Perhaps a little later. I think I've made Grogek wait long enough to have at you."

"That you have." Grogek playfully growled. "I think I gained foot or two, when you sucked on my fingers."

Tulani slid off the bed. "Is that so? I'll have to remember that one."

Elunara turned over and growled. "Now that I'm primed up, what are you going to do with me?"

He tugged himself free of his pants. "I kind of want you like this." 

"Mm, I can't say I disagree." She wrapped her legs around his waist and groaned as she slid down.

"Ah, it seems I'm not the only one driven crazy by Tulani's antics."

"I flooded myself on that one." Elunara grinned.

Tulani giggled. "My goal is accomplished."

Elunara leaned her head back. "Maybe I SHOULD spank you."

Grogek licked her neck. "That is for another night, my love."

She grinned at him. "Mmm, yes. Tonight, I want to enjoy my husband." She licked one of his fangs before placing her lips against his. 

His hand came up to the back of her head and crushed his fingers in her hair. He devoured her mouth, dancing his tongue in and out, mating it with hers. He growled into her mouth. "Gods, I love when you drip on my balls."

"Then consider it payment for when your balls smack my ass." She returned. She flexed her pelvic muscles and grinned at his groan. 

He grabbed her hips and began to slide her up and down on his dick. She wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned back. He took one breast in his mouth, and sucked on her hard nipple, as he drove her up and down. She arched against him, grinding her hips against his. 

"Ah, give it to me." She groaned. 

He licked that vicious scar in between her breasts, groaning as her slick folds sucked at him. She shuddered, and a fresh wave of wetness coated him. 

She leaned her forehead against his. "What next?" She gave him a wicked grin.

He laughed. "Always so insatiable." Wrapping his arms around her, he cuddled her close. "I want to enjoy this for a little while."

"Oh, fine..." She mock sighed, curling up against him. "Mm, I do enjoy just feeling you."

He grinned. "Hang on." He tightened his grip with one arm, and shifting, rolled over on top of her, still buried deep. "Ah, that's better."

She giggled. She shifted her legs against his sides. "No one could tell by looking at you, but you really do have some soft skin. I love feeling it on the inside of my thighs."

"Ugh, don't tell people that. I'll never live it down."

"Are you kidding? I'm keeping this beauty to myself." She shifted her legs. "I don't want anyone trying to sneak it away from me."

Licking her shoulder, he chuckled. "That assumes someone would try."

"I'd like to meet THAT brazen bitch."

Grogek choked. "So you can take her for yourself?"

"Maybe." Elunara laughed.

He propped up on his elbows on either side of her head. "I believe someone requested my balls slapping her ass."

"If you'd be so kind." 

"I'll be glad to honor such a humble request." He grinned.

Tulani rolled her eyes.

Rocking his hips against hers, he whispered in orcish, as he pressed his lips to hers. In and out he pumped himself, shifting himself up, and cupping her ass. His massive balls slapped against her ass as he worked, and she groaned into his mouth. His hand slid up her leg and to her knee. He held the leg against him as he slammed harder and harder into her. She shuddered against him, her body clamping down, sucking at his dick. Letting himself go, he filled her. 

He buried his face in her hair and murmured to her. Whispering to him, her hands roamed his back. 

Tulani put her work away and readied herself for bed. 

As she climbed in, Elunara reached out and grabbed her arm. "I never got to you."

Tulani smiled and kissed Elunara. "Actually, I enjoyed myself while you were busy."

"I didn't get to watch?" Elunara pouted.

"Tomorrow night then." Tulani winked.