 She was working in the library, when the sheet of paper floated down to her. Snatching it, she nodded. 

Zelinnia blinked. "I thought you were coming over tomorrow."

"Your brother sent the page back."

"Oh!"

"Where's Renwa?"

"In his office." 

"Are you sure this is advisable?" Renwa rubbed his neck.

"You will be there, I will be there. It'll be a cute little family picnic. If something goes wrong, the two of you grab the babies and run. I'll hold them off." 

"What if they bring a raid?"

Elunara snorted. "This is a tiny Alliance family. They're not going to raid us. A few dicks might show up; they tend to if something is announced, but I don't think this is the same thing."

"I'm trusting you, but if something goes wrong..."

"My lovely, if something happened to any of you, I would go apeshit. You know this."

"The only reason I'm even agreeing to this." He sighed.

They sat on a blanket in a secluded hillside. Renwa alternately paced and sat. 

"On the one hand," Zelinnia sighed. "I would rather have had you in casual clothes. On the other hand, I know why you didn't."

"I'm sorry, my love."

Elunara shrugged and cuddled Nara. "It's just a smart move." Spotting the pair of Wyverns, she raised a hand. 

Zelinnia stood, wiping off her skirt. Elunara took Abigail by the hand. 

"ZELINNIA!" A woman ran forward.

"Momma!" Zelinnia opened her arms and embraced the woman.

"Oh! I was SO worried! You completely disappeared. I tried to send letters, but they just came back to me, person not found."

"Well, I guess when I defected; I lost the ability to receive mail."

"Then Zar told me he found you in Stormwind, with BABIES!"

Zelinnia gestured back. "These are my children, Abigail and Nara."

The woman stooped down. "Oh!" 

Zelinnia sat back down and held out her hands. When Elunara passed Abigail back, Zelinnia sat the child in her lap. "This is my little girl, Abigail."

"She looks just like you!" The woman held out her hands. 

Everyone held their collective breaths as the Zelinnia handed the child over. 

"Oh, look at her..."

"The other one is my baby boy, Nara." 

"Oh, wow he's... what's wrong with his ears?" 

"My husband is human." Zelinnia raised a hand, and Renwa slipped his hand into hers.

She looked up. "Zar was saying that... I didn't think it was really true."

"She is my wife." Renwa frowned. "Whether you believe it or not."

Zelinnia sighed. "Mother, this is my husband Johnathan Renwa; he is an Admiral of Stormwind. This Night Elf here is my best friend and adopted sister, Elunara. Elunara saved my life, and she has continued to help me over and over again. I even named Nara after her. This is my family now."

She looked back and forth between the two Alliance members. 

"This is my mother, Zerinia"

"I'm sensing a naming pattern." Elunara grinned.

"It's true, Momma." Zar stepped forward. "You should see their house, it's practically a palace."

Zerinia sighed. "Your father said that if it was true, he would disown you."

"I'll consider myself disowned."

Zerinia's eyebrows shot up. "Well, then."

"This is my family, take it or leave it."

"I'm just so happy to have my baby back. And grandchildren!" She hugged Abigail.

Renwa sat down. 

After a little while, with both children asleep on the blanket, Zerinia sighed. "What else have you been up to these past couple of years?"

"It's been completely crazy, Momma. After Elunara saved my life, she... set me up with Johnathan, and I started working as his secretary. I now have lots of friends, a couple of babies, and just an awesome family."

Elunara ran her hand down Zelinnia's hair. "Not bad for a skinny little blood elf who spent her time as a bored port bitch." 

"Well, it's thanks to you. Per usual."

Elunara kissed Zelinnia's temple. "As I always will."

"My, you're awfully affectionate."

"It's just my nature."

Zelinnia giggled. "Elunara can't keep her hands off of anybody. Her and my husband used to be lovers, ages ago."

"Hey, don't forget my two husbands and a wife."

"I could never forget your wife. Tulani is my second favorite person I'm not married to, ever."

"Well, that's for sure." Elunara pinched Zelinnia's hip.

Zerinia shook her head. "This has been a confusing day."

"Don't think too hard about it, momma. You'll just hurt yourself. When Elunara is nearby, you just go with it."

Renwa laughed. "Well, that would explain a few things."

Zelinnia blushed. "Hush you."

"Like what?" Zerinia asked politely.

Zelinnia sighed. "The fact that I keep winding up with my face buried in her crotch."

Elunara and Renwa snickered at each other. Zerinia and Zar's faces held complete and utter shock.

Zelinnia smacked both her hands to her face, flopped backwards and groaned. "WHY DO I KEEP DOING THAT?"

"Is... is this true?" Zerinia managed.

"Yes..." Zelinnia sat up and blushed furiously "But only with Tulani and Elunara, and it's not every time... just... occasionally and I..." Zelinnia put hand to her mouth. "Why isn't anyone stopping me?" She whimpered.

Renwa wrapped his arms around her. "There, there, my love. It's ok. We still love you."

"Of course you do, you got to watch last time." 

Elunara just shook her head.

"OH, GODS, WHY DOESN'T IT STOP?" Zelinnia buried her face in her hands. 

Nara began to cry, so she scooped him up. "No, no, hush. Hush, Momma's ok. She'd only LIKE to curl up under a rock and die."

"Gee, sis, I didn't know you had it in you."

"Shut up, Zar. I don't "have it in me". It's just that Elunara... and Tulani, have this weird way about the both of them. I can't even figure it out."

"You're ok with this? As her husband?"

Renwa laughed. "Hey, I got to watch last time. But, yes. I harbor no jealousy towards Elunara or her wife. Anyone else in the world and I would, but I know these three. Elunara saved Zelinnia's life in the worst way possible, and in turn, Zelinnia saved Tulani's life. These women have a connection that can never be explained, and that's just fine to me."

"Worst possible way?"

"He was going to kill me, Momma. The tyrant had trapped me, broke my arm, and tried to make me a slave... and she jumped in front of him, distracted him, and gave him her body. Whenever he looked my way, she did it again and again until we were rescued. I discovered later, that, had she been there on her own, she could have escaped pretty easily. Instead, she stayed until she could find an opening and save both of us."

"You did that for my little girl?" Zerinia put a hand to her chest.

"Then, she let me live in her home, helped me find a place in her town, and introduced me to my husband. She taught me how to be my own person, how to not hide behind others when I'm scared."

"I'm having such a difficult time understanding... how a Night Elf, could do such a thing for a Blood Elf."

"She cried, momma." Zelinnia said quietly. "She cried for her baby and her husband... while he..."

Elunara shifted uncomfortably. "I hate when you talk about it."

"I hate when you act like it was nothing."

"I was more pissed off than hurt. Filthy little beast, treated me like an injured child, and then fucked me like a savage beast. Pretended he saved me from my cruel husband, but only wanted to trap the gilded bird in a dirty cage. Putrescent fuckwad." Elunara put her hand on the bangle. "Showed that little bastard."

Renwa put his hand on Elunara's shoulder, and Zelinnia curled up against her. The actions of the other two, made Zerinia understand the woman she was looking at, completely.

Later, Zelinnia watched the Wyverns fly away and she sighed. "It was nice seeing Momma again." She scratched her chin. "After she gets through, the entirety of Silvermoon will know about me."

"Gossip hound?"

"A massive one."

"Welp, that's going to bite us in the ass at some point." Elunara laughed.

Working alone in the house, Elunara whistled to herself as she tied the various points in the rope. Happy with her slip knot arrangements, she carefully set up the ladder on the top landing. She changed the position of the ladder several times as she worked out her web of rope. Frowning at one of the hooks, she extended her reach as far as she could, balancing on her toes. Just a little bit farther... She gasped as she felt herself slip. Reaching out, she flailed her arms, desperate to catch the ropes.

When she opened her eyes, she was surprised to find herself dangling a few short feet from the floor. Releasing the breath she was holding, she tried to pull herself free, only to make no progress. She struggled and found that she was bound too tightly. Everything had cinched up tight. She cursed her efficiency. Wiggling around, she could tell that her arms were bound behind her, several loops of rope were around her waist and belly, and one leg was held straight in the air. 

She eyed the leg, coils were around her ankle, and the short length of rope held it straight up. Her other leg was bound bent, curled up under her. All things considered, it was kind of a comfortable position. She shifted again, and realized a couple of rope loops had wedged between her breasts, and looped back around her shoulders. Shifting her wrists caused the rope between her breasts to shift back and forth. 

The rope had cost a small fortune to get made, and she wasn't about to summon her dagger and cut it without just cause. It was not the first time she'd been bound, and probably wouldn't be the last. All she had to do... was feel out all of the connections, and figure out how to untie herself. Simple.

The door opened and Grogek walked in and stared. "Love, what did you do to yourself?"

"Oh, good. You can help me."

Jordan stopped at the door. "What is THIS?"

"I fell, and I got stuck. See if you can help get me out of this." 

Grogek gave Jordan a look, before running his hands over Elunara's body. "Are you injured?"

"Nah, couple of bruises from when the ropes stopped my fall, but they healed pretty fast."

He ran his fingers over the ropes, before running his hand on her leg. 

"I just can't believe I slipped." She struggled against the bonds. "Damn my efficient knots."

Jordan closed the door and walked over. "Geez, you say I get myself into weird spots."

"Try not to cut the- HEY!" Elunara tried to look back when Grogek ripped her pants open. 

He slipped his fingers through her folds. "This puts you at the perfect height."

"You better not!"

With a grin, he shoved himself into her slick folds. She gasped, and Jordan went for his advantage and put himself in her mouth.

"You are a brave man." Grogek laughed. 

"Pretty sure our lives are forfeit at this point, but why not die happy?"

Grogek laughed. "Can't argue with that." 

Elunara struggled, with muffled threats. 

Jordan winced. "Ok, that is fascinating."

Grogek began to rock his hips against Elunara, bouncing her with the swing. "This whole set up is fascinating." 

"You're telling me."

Elunara shifted her mouth and throat, making herself more comfortable. 

As Grogek thrust forward, he shoved Elunara on to Jordan, and when she swung back, Grogek plunged into her, as she slipped back from Jordan. Grogek grabbed her leg, and just bounced her with his hips. 

Jordan pulled himself free. "Oh, man, I cannot take much of that."

Elunara swallowed and coughed. "I'm going to kill the both of you."

Grogek laughed and bounced her harder. "I don't know; I kind of like you all tied up like this." He gripped her leg. "Got to admit, the swing adds something."

"Oh, I didn't say I wouldn't figure out how to capitalize on this thing, but I AM going to make you pay for taking advantage."

"So long as we're clear." He grabbed her hips and slammed her against him as he filled her. 

She panted. "Now that you've had your fun, let me down."

Jordan ran a hand over her back. "Do we have to?"

"The longer I hang here, the worse my revenge. I will not hesitate to break your dick for the next week or more." She growled.

Jordan jerked his hand back. "Let's get her down."