 Grogek leaned against the tree, Elunara straddling his lap. 

She licked his chest. "Gods, even your sweat tastes delicious."

He laughed. "I could say the same, my love."

It was the absence of sound that altered her. She looked back and blinked at Lucy. "Well, hello."

Lucy stopped and propped a hand on her hip. "It has come to my attention that I was never as... "in the closet" as I always thought I was. Apparently, the only surprise anyone has expressed to me all damned day; was how long it took me to come out."

Elunara grinned. "So what brings you out my way, doll?"

"It also occurred to me, that earlier only tempted my taste buds, without actually slating my thirst."

Elunara's eyebrows shot up. "Are you trying to join me then?" She tapped a finger to her chin and considered. "What say you, Sugarbear?"

He rubbed his hands on her hips. "Whatever pleases my she wolf."

Elunara looked back at Lucy. "You've never joined before."

She shrugged. "That was different. Whatever Tulani can handle, I can certainly handle."

Elunara heard several groans over the hill. "Come here."

Lucy grinned and walked over. 

Elunara grabbed her wrist and yanked her down. "I have a series of rules. First, this is MY show. Always. Second, if someone says they quit, they quit, end of story. I won't make anyone stay. Third, if you don't want to be watched... go home now. Fourth, if you're uncomfortable with ANYTHING, you have a right to say no. All no's WILL be honored, no questions."

Lucy licked her lips. "I understand."

Elunara tugged her in and wrapped a hand around the back of her neck, kissing the other woman. "You're wearing entirely too many clothes." Putting her fingers under the edge of Lucy's shirt, Elunara tugged it up and over her head. Bending down, she took a breast into her mouth and cupped the other one. She sucked the nipple hard, before running her tongue over it. She switched to the other one, and privately grinned at the reactions on the hill.

"Stand up, my girl."

Lucy struggled to stand, and when she was up, Elunara pulled her pants down to her ankles. "No, stand." She whispered, as she slipped her fingers into that soft hair. She could feel Grogek getting hard inside of her. Using both hands, she tugged Lucy open, and licked her wide. Lucy groaned and almost crumpled at her knees. "Oh, no... you stay up, sweetheart." Elunara gripped Lucy's hip with one hand, and slipped her fingers in with the other. Lucy practically sat on her wrist as she pumped her fingers in and out of the slick, dripping folds. Elunara buried her face into her, and Lucy grabbed at Elunara's hair. Slow but subtle, Grogek began to pump his hips against Elunara.

"This is fucking crazy." Someone whispered.

"You're telling me." Gerald covered his mouth with his hand. 

"I've never been more jealous of Grogek in my life." Someone else muttered.

Lucy shuddered against Elunara, and Elunara helped her sit down in the grass. "Better?"

Lucy gasped. "Yes."

"Now, you can sit there, or you can come up with a different way to participate, orrrr I could just go back to eating you out."

"I kind of liked you eating me..."

Elunara jerked her head to Grogek. She climbed off of him and he got on his knees. With a grin, Elunara pushed Lucy back. Lucy laid back in the soft grass, and Elunara brushed her fingers up and down through Lucy's soft folds. Grogek grabbed Elunara by the hips and slid into her front. "Mmm, you should be nice... finish in my ass."

"Yes, my love." With a groan, he pumped himself in and out of her dripping wet folds. He licked his teeth as he watched her work. 

"Legs a little wider, my girl. I want to get good and in there." When Lucy shifted her legs up, Elunara slipped her tongue in and sucked on the clit area. Lucy writhed against her and grabbed at her hair. Elunara was rocking back and forth with the force of Grogek's thrusts, and used the energy to lick at Lucy, pumping her own fingers in and out of the writhing woman. Lucy arched her back and began to shudder.

Grogek slipped out of Elunara's front and pressed his sloppy dick into her ass. He groaned as he put his hands on her back and let go into her tight ass. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he sat back down again, still buried in her ass, pulling her face to his and cleaning Lucy off of Elunara's mouth. 

Lucy climbed up, and began to suck on Elunara's breasts, causing her to shiver.

"Ah, Lucy..."

Moving her mouth down Elunara's belly, she made her way down to the bottom. Lying in between Grogek's legs, Lucy started to work on Elunara's slick folds with her mouth. Elunara gasped and arched her back. Lucy slipped her fingers in and because to pump in and out, licking Elunara's juices as she went. Lucy considered. "Is it ok if I... um... touch... those?"

Grogek eyed her. "I will allow it."

"Good, cause I need the angle." She shifted her hand so that the back of it was against Grogek's balls, and began to shove her fingers upwards.

Grogek grinned and licked Elunara's neck. His hands went for her breasts, as he cupped them and pinched the nipples. He raked his teeth over that sensitive spot that had her gasping. One of her hands grabbed his arm, and the other buried its fingers into Lucy's hair. 

"You're... kil- ah!" Elunara gasped and arched her back, shaking all over. 

"Gods, I wish I could spend some time in their house..." Someone muttered.

Jine left before they got started again. 

She felt a little bit of guilt, but hell, she was bored, and largely curious. Elunara had always been a bit of a mystery, and she just wanted to get behind it. She could analyze it and justify it all day long, but the end result, was that Jine was just damned curious.

Patiently, she had learned their typical pattern, and when she was sure they had all left, she slipped inside. In short order, she had found the library and went through every book in rapid succession. She knew Elunara's codes and some of this she had seen before, but the depth in which Elunara had fleshed out her books... Jine shook her head and continued on. She had much to learn about her old friend. 

When the first person came home, Jine vanished into the shadows. She'd stayed much later than she had intended. 

"Come on, my girl." Elunara laughed. "I have some ice cream." 

"I can't believe you SAID that!" Lydia giggled. 

Elunara's ear pricked up, and she caught the familiar scent in the air. "Well, that little bitch needed to be slapped..." She pushed a bowl over. "But they frown when I do it."

Lydia giggled and took a bite of ice cream.

"You've got to remember, that people like her aren't even supposed to blip on your radar. We pity children that are being brought up like her; we do not get insulted by their pathetic ideals."

"It just hurts." Lydia sighed. 

"I know, sweetheart. Never harden yourself, but thicken your skin. How you're born does not dictate how you grow and live."

Lydia tapped the spoon on the bowl. "I wish I was you."

Elunara shrugged. "Be you. Whoever "you" turns out to be." 

The boys ran in. 

"Hey Lydia!" Bradly sat at the table next to her. 

"I figured you lunatics would be in soon." Elunara showed a couple of bowls across the table. 

"Yeay!" Darguni took the chair on the other side of Lydia. 

Tulani came in next. "Oh, I'm so mad."

"What's the matter, Sweetness?" Elunara came around the counter and ran her hands on Tulani's hips. 

"The supplier got cheap on the delivery, and didn't tarp the wagon, they got caught in a downpour and my entire order of bolts got soaked. Some of them are salvageable, but a few can't be saved. He's comping my order, but it put me back in work."

Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "I'm sorry, my Sweetness. Perhaps I'll make it all better tonight." She buried her face in Tulani's neck. 

"Mm, I'm inclined to let you." Tulani cuddled up to Elunara. "I'm in such a foul mood. I won't be able to get any work done tonight."

The door opened and Jordan shook his head. "I'm telling you, I've had lessons."

Grogek snorted. "I think you're beyond help at this point, but I'm always game."

Elunara looked back and put a hand on her hip. "Cards again?"

Jordan grinned and grabbed Elunara by the waist, capturing her mouth with his and pinning her to the counter. "Mm, yes. I intend to take him DOWN."

Grogek yanked his shirt off. "I'll believe it when I see it." 

"Yeah, get comfy." Jordan pointed at Grogek walking up the stairs. "I'm coming for you!"

"Bring it, pretty boy." Grogek went into the bedroom.

"Well, if you're betting tonight, Tulani wants involved."

"Hell yeah." Jordan yanked his own shirt off. "I'm winning tonight!"

Lydia stared at Jordan, and her face had gone crimson. "Maybe I should go home." She squeaked.

"Nah, finish your ice cream. It'll be awhile before everyone winds down."

Jordan jogged upstairs without looking back.

Tulani sighed. "I might as well go watch them lose, so I know where I fit in."

"I don't care WHAT they bet; you get precedence, my sweetness."

Tulani grinned. "I think I'll go make that known." She nodded her head and went upstairs.

"I wish I knew what you were talking about."

Elunara shrugged. "In this house, we take turns with certain types of affection, and others are shared. To explain with any more detail would earn me a quick execution in front of the city. Perhaps it's best to say, that with two husbands and a wife, my life is way more complicated than anyone could hope to understand."

"We live here and we don't always understand it." Bradly shrugged and picked up his bowl. He put it in the sink and filled it with water. "Momma tries to give us all equal affection, and sometimes it can get hard to do." He leaned against the counter like he'd seen Jordan do. "But, we all know momma loves us all equally and differently." 

"Must be nice to have so many people love you..."

"Oh, Gods no. It's SO tiring!" Elunara scooped Bradly up and hugged him. "You maniacs drive me to insanity!" 

"Moooooom put me down! This is so embarrassing." He muttered. 

Elunara giggled and dropped him to his feet. 

Darguni snickered. 

"Nope, not getting away." Elunara scooped up Darguni and repeated the process. "I actually gave BIRTH to you, you suffer longer."

"GAH! NO!"

Bradly cackled. 

"No holding it over your brother's head... I'm not opposed to hugging you twice."

"GAH! Cheese it!" Bradly ran to his bedroom. He stopped at the door. "Good night, Lydia. I hope you have nice dreams." He dove into his room.

Darguni wiggled free and ran. "NIGHT, LYDIA!" He yelled, as he ran into his room.

Lydia giggled. "They're funny." 

"And I love the hell out of them." Elunara sighed. "Save me."

"You know, I know my momma loves me, and I know she loves my papa, but she's just not as... happy as you are. I often wonder why."

"There're a million reasons that could be why, sweetie. I just don't know. Maybe I should speak to her."

"Oh, please don't tell her I said anything."

"Sweetie, she just might not express happiness in the same way that I do. And no one is like me. It's impossible to be like me. Perhaps you should ask her what would make her happy." Elunara shrugged. "If you want to be LIKE me, then that's a good place to start. I see someone unhappy or upset, and try to do something to help them. Try seeing if you can aid in your mother's mood. What's missing? What does she have? Maybe she's sad because you come to me with your problems instead of her. I mean, she IS your mother. I'm just... me."

"Oh."

At the knock on the door, Elunara walked around the counter. She opened the door. "Sorry, Linda, I gave her some ice cream."

"Oh." Linda let out a breath. "I was just so worried."

"My fault, I lost track of time."

"Sorry, momma." Lydia walked over.

"Uh, excuse me, little miss." Elunara pointed to the bowl.

"Sorry!" Lydia ran over and grabbed the bowl, before putting it in the sink and putting water in it. 

"Good girl." 

"Forgive me, momma." Lydia walked outside. 

Elunara closed the door and sighed. She tracked Jine's movements while she cleaned up. The woman wasn't leaving, so Elunara put the dishes in the rack and headed upstairs. It amused her to be followed into her room. 

Grogek sat on the bed, staring down at the cards. "I'll be damned, he won."

Elunara grinned. "You didn't LET him, did you?"

"I won three out of five games." Jordan smirked.

"You played five hands?" She shook her head. 

"I had to make sure it wasn't a fluke." Grogek laughed. 

"So the lessons paid off." She winked at Jordan. 

"Damned straight, Baby. Thank you."

"You taught him?" Grogek raised an eyebrow. "I've never seen you play."

"Nah, I just knew a teacher who owed me a favor."

"Ah. That makes more sense."

Jordan tugged her into his lap. "Mine."

"So, what was the bet?"

"Until we're done... I get the big bed." Jordan laughed. 

"It was the most comfortable for me." Tulani grinned. "So, that was the bet."

"I am perfectly OK with this." Elunara giggled. 

Grogek got up and walked for the door.

Jordan grinned. "I'll be the "bigger" man, and say you can watch if you want." 

Elunara almost choked. "You've been DYING to use THAT one for ages, haven't you?"

"How else would I ever be considered bigger than Grogek?" Jordan snorted.

"Oh, you're both awful." Elunara cackled. 

Grogek sat on the floor next to the door, leaning his back against the wall. "Well, get on with it."

Elunara's ear twitched as she continued to track Jine. "Well, I told Tulani that she would take precedence tonight. So deal with it."

"Hell, I'm so happy right now, I'd be content to just watch. However, I am NOT moving off of this bed until you're finished."

"Oh, we'll include you..." Elunara grinned. "Eventually." 

Tulani met her in the center of the room. "So, what do you plan?"

"I think we'll just start, and go from there."

"Ooo, I always enjoy that."

Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "Your enjoyment is always my main concern." Running her fingers through Tulani's hair, Elunara pulled her into the kiss, softly dancing their lips together. She nipped and sucked at Tulani's tender lips, before moving her way down Tulani's chin, across her jaw and to the neck below. Still she roamed, across the shoulder, down the collarbone. Tugging open the top of Tulani's dress, she kissed Tulani's chest. 

She pushed back Tulani's top, and tugged it down to her waist. Out of the corner of her eye, she was unsurprised to see both men pulled out, their hands on their dicks. Tulani's eyes were closed, as she leaned her head back. Starting from the nipple, Elunara licked up Tulani's chest. Tulani groaned and ran her fingers through Elunara's hair. Elunara cupped both breasts with her hands, licking and sucking on the soft skin. Moving her hands down Tulani's belly, she worked her way to the hips and pushed the rest of the dress to the floor. 

"My Sweetness, I wish to move this to the bed now."

"Of course." Tulani panted. 

Elunara tugged off her own shirt and pushed her pants to the floor. She climbed in the bed with Tulani and leaned her against the head of the bed. "That's my beauty." She murmured, before pressing her mouth to Tulani's. She lay between Tulani's legs, their bellies touching, breasts rubbing against each other. Elunara wrapped her arms around Tulani's waist and just enjoyed the taste of her wife's mouth. Her hands went down and caressed the hips, brushed the outside of the thighs, before Elunara dipped her face down and softly licked those wet folds. 

Tulani gasped and grabbed at Elunara's hair. Elunara's ass was in the air, and Jordan licked his lips. He continued to stroke himself at a casual pace.

Elunara looked back and grinned. "You can start any time."

With his own grin, he scooted forward and ran his tongue over her slit. As Jordan buried his face into Elunara, she, in turn, buried her face into Tulani. With a groan, she stuck her tongue into Tulani's wet center and licked out the delicious juices. Her fingers pumped in and out as Tulani writhed. She put her mouth over the clit and sucked gently, teasing and tormenting her. 

"Ah!" Tulani gripped Elunara's head as she began to shudder.

Seeing Tulani buck and shiver, Jordan shifted himself up and plowed his dick into Elunara's slick folds. He thrust his hips back and forth, making Elunara rock up against Tulani. As he fucked his wife, he shot a grin to Grogek, who continued to sit by the door, dick in hand. Tulani jolted when Grogek began to laugh.

"Don't worry, skinny little man..." Grogek warned. "I'll pay you back for that."

"When my death does finally come..." Jordan grunted, his fingers digging into Elunara's hips. "As I am now... I want it to be a happy death."

"Oh, you two are something else." Tulani sighed. 

Elunara kissed the inside of Tulani's thigh as she wiggled her butt. "Well, let's see what other trouble we can all get into tonight. 

A little while later, Jordan stretched. "Gods, I love this house."

Elunara giggled. "Still happy you won at cards?"

"Well, yeah." Jordan cuddled her. "But, I love my wife." He kissed her and sat up. "I love my Tulani." He kissed her cheek and hugged her. "I love my brother." He gestured to Grogek. "And I love my kids." 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Jordan. "I love that you call them your kids. And I'm extremely glad you've found your place in life."

He buried his face in her hair. "Me too, Baby." He laughed. "And now that I've gone mushy, I think I should go to bed."

"Bout damned time." Grogek grumbled. "This floor is uncomfortable after this long." He stood up. As Jordan walked past, Grogek grabbed him and hugged him. "I love you too, my brother."

"Oh, dear." Tulani put a hand to her mouth.

"ACK! Let go!" Jordan pushed away. "Ugh, put on some pants next time." He wiped his leg with a grimace. "Or clean yourself off."

Elunara fell off the bed laughing. "Ow."

Grogek barked a laugh. "You're too squeamish, brother."

"With that mood killer, I'm going to bed." He wiped his hand on Grogek's chest. 

Grogek snorted. "Ok, that's mildly uncomfortable." 

"HAH! Payback." 

Grogek smacked Jordan's ass.

"ACK! I hate when you DO that!" Jordan rubbed his ass with a growl.

Tulani sighed. "Oh, go to bed already. I'm tired, damn you."

"Sorry, Tuly." Jordan escaped with his life. 

Tulani climbed into her own bed. 

Grogek walked over and looked down at Elunara. "Are you alright, love?"

"Just enjoying the view." Elunara reached up and gently ran her fingers under his balls. 

"Not tired yet?" He grinned. 

"I have one more go in me."

Grogek looked at Tulani, curled up under the covers. "Are you alright with it?"

Tulani waved a hand. "I can sleep through you two."

"Good." Grogek scooped Elunara off the floor. 

Later, when Tulani was sound asleep, and Grogek was snoring in her hair, she closed her eyes and evened out her breathing; following Jine's movements with her ears. When the front door softly opened and closed, she finally allowed herself to drift off.

The next day, Elunara went knocking.

Jine blinked at her. "Uh, hi."

"Enjoy my house last night?" Elunara raised an eyebrow.

Jine flushed. "You knew?"

"Sweetheart, I knew your exact positions all night. I may no longer be in the SI:7, but some things you never lose."

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to get trapped in your house... I just wanted to read your books."

"Jine, if you're really that shit of a liar, I'm going to go ask Mathias why he allowed you to work."

Jine sighed and stepped back. "If I'm going to get yelled at, I'd rather it not be in public."

Elunara stepped in. "So talk."

Jine closed the door. "Look, I was curious. You've turned this whole place upside down. I've heard endless rumor and speculation about your time in Draenor, and even those who were there, speak of you in revered, hushed tones. The king himself is completely gone over you, Mathias has turned you into a trainer, and your husband, a former Iron Horde Orc, has the run of this military. It's batshit I tell ya. So, I snuck into your house and started reading your books."
