 Elunara made her way into Zelinnia's house. "How are you feeling, Sweetheart?"

"Achy." Zelinnia sighed and shifted Nara to the other side. 

Elunara massaged her shoulders. "Flow still good?"

"The greedy little bugger seems to think so."

"Where's Abigail?"

"Already down for nap."

"Get Nara down and I'll give you a full body massage." 

"Oh, that sounds delightful." 

Once Zelinnia climbed into bed, naked, Elunara climbed on and began to rub Zelinnia's back. 

"Sweetheart, you really need to tell Tulani what's wrong with you..."

Zelinnia sighed. "You know why I don't want to."

"Yes, but you're hurting her. She comes home so upset, and then gets mad at me. She knows there's something wrong, and it's scaring her. Then you won't answer and she gets insulted. You're doing more damage now, than if you'd just freaking tell her."

"Fiiine." Zelinnia grumbled.

Renwa walked in and raised a brow. "I saw you come up here... how come I wasn't invited?"

"That one is entirely up to sugarbutt here."

"But MOMMA!" Gingy stomped her foot. 

"I said no. I will not stoop to that nasty creature's level. I do not care what she said." Misty fluffed her hair out. "I'm going to visit your uncle in the keep. That always cheers you up, yes?"

"I guesso." Gingy grumbled. 

As they walked through the city, Misty wiped her hair out of her face. She waved a hand to her friend. "Oh, Jennifer, what a lovely gown!"

"You like it? It's called a day dress!" She gave a little twirl. "It's a Tulani exclusive!"

"A..."

"You know; that Draenei tailor that came over with the Goddess?" 

"The Goddess?" Misty cleared her throat. "That title is just honorary, you know that, right?"

Jennifer snorted. "Yeah, right. Have you SEEN the way he looks at her?" She shook her head. "Anyway, so Tulani came up with this gorgeous design and used some of the sturdier materials, so it can be worn any time. She says that a girl should feel pretty any time she wants. I also have her designing me a gorgeous ball gown." Jennifer giggled. "It's SO difficult to get on to her list, but I know the secret."

"Secret?" 

"Yes!" Jennifer winked. "The quickest way to get a fitting with Tulani; is to go through her family. If you have someone do an art sitting with the Goddess, then Tulani will fit you in her schedule! However, there's a second secret." She wiggled excitedly.

"What is this special secret?" Misty tried to maintain her polite air. 

"If you have a soldier in the service, they get preference for a sitting!" Jennifer giggled. "All I had to do... was ask my Larry to head over!" She grabbed Misty's arm and bounced. "In the door and ahead of the game!"

"How... good for you." Misty blinked. "You let that... woman... have your husband? For a DRESS?" 

Jennifer laughed. "Oh lord, it was nothing like that." She waved a hand. "She's very clinical. Ina swears by her work."

"You were there?"

"Well, no. But, I trust my husband, and he told me every minute. Even the... embarrassing little side effect." She giggled.

"Side effect?"

"Well, the woman IS good at her professions." Jennifer shrugged by way of dismissal. "My little Ember is currently getting a fitting for her dress. She should be along shortly." She clapped her hands together. "You have a husband in the service! Well, he USED to be, but I'm certain that counts! You could get a sitting, and get your name on the list!"

"I'm not as sold on it as you are." Misty sighed. 

Jennifer shrugged. "Suit yourself, but Tulani is the hottest thing these days. Not having a Tulani in your closet is... terrible." She shuddered. "So, where are you headed?"

"Up to the keep, to visit my brother."

"Oh, that's always fun. Excuse me; I need to pick up Ember from her fitting." Jennifer bounced away.

"Momma?" Gingy hazarded.

"DON'T start." Misty growled. 

Varian frowned down at the paperwork. "How are the repairs coming along?"

"We're almost back to normal. Just a little bit left from the last Horde attack and we'll be right as rain."

He nodded. "Good." He spotted Misty and Gingy, and was polite enough to not roll his eyes. Promptly, he ignored them both. 

"Hello, Uncle Toppa." Gingy said in her politest voice.

"Hello, my girl."

"Sir, we still haven't replaced the five guards killed by the Horde. We should look at replacing them soon." One of his advisors continued.

Toppa stepped forward. "Sir, My cousin Devin just got–"

Varian turned and walked out, followed by several others. Toppa and Misty jogged after Varian, with Gingy on their heels. He made his way down to the training yard and stood on the platform overlooking the troops.

"General Grogek! Could you come here please?"

Grogek halted his work and headed over. Many whispered to each other. Elunara was nowhere to be found. Grogek made his way up on to the platform. "Yes?"

"In the last Horde attack, we lost five good men. I would like some replacements for my guard, can you recommend some?"

"I will give you a comprehensive list."

"Thank you." Varian turned to leave. 

"Sir?"

"Yes?"

"Can you please give Elunara their names?"

Varian's eyebrow rose. "Of course?"

"Elunara keeps a memorial list, and it would please her to honor them."

"I was not aware of this." Varian said quietly. 

Grogek shrugged. "This is Elunara."

"I will tell her, when next we meet." 

Grogek grinned. "Whenever her whims drive her." 

Varian laughed. "That much is true." 

Grogek turned back to the training yard. "If you have the energy to GOSSIP, you have energy to WORK!" He jumped off of the platform and headed in. 

Misty frowned down at Grogek, before following behind Varian. 

Zelinnia clung to Elunara's hand. "I don't want to do this."

"You're going to do this, or so help me..."

"I am! I am!" Zelinnia sighed. "I just don't want to."

"Come on, Sweetheart, let's get it over with."

The door opened, and a fashionable woman and a small child stepped out. "Thank you, SO much!" The woman bubbled.

Tulani nodded. "I'll have it finished in a couple of weeks."

The woman giggled. Spotting Elunara, the woman curtsied. "Goddess." She nudged her daughter, and the little girl curtsied as well.

"Oh, please don't." Elunara sighed. 

"Be well, our goddess." The woman smiled, before bouncing away.

Tulani eyed Zelinnia. "Yes?"

"Oh, don't be like that." Zelinnia sighed. "Can I come in?"

Tulani gave a jerky shrug and stepped back into her studio. 

Zelinnia's fingernails bit into Elunara's hand. 

"She's hurt, not mad. Let's go in."

Tulani was fiddling with her designs on her table.

Elunara closed the door behind them. Dislodging her hand from Zelinnia, she smacked the Blood Elf's butt. "Do it, or I will."

"Tulani?" Zelinnia took a shaky step forward. 

Tulani sighed and turned around. "What?"

"I'm sorry..."

Tulani closed her eyes and crossed her arms. "For?"

"I..." Zelinnia looked back at Elunara before closing her own eyes. "IhadElunaradestroymyreproductivesystem." She blurted as one word.

Tulani's eyes popped open as her mouth dropped. "You what?"

Zelinnia gasped for air. "The reason my emotional state has been all over the damned place, and the big secret I've been hiding, is that I harassed Elunara until she... broke me."

Tulani sat down heavily in her chair. "Why didn't you tell me?" She squeaked.

"Because I didn't want to bring back your nightmares." Zelinnia frowned. "I know what they did to you, and I didn't want you to cry again..." She sighed and ran her fingers through her hair. "I thought I could hide it from you. I had no idea what it would do to my emotions..." She dropped her hands. "Please forgive me."

Tulani stood up and walked over, wrapping her arms around Zelinnia. "Oh Gods, I was so terrified for you. You've been acting so strange and you wouldn't tell me. I thought you hated me or something. Gods, you little idiot, why couldn't you have just freaking TOLD me?"

"Because I didn't want to hurt you!" Wrapping her arms around Tulani, Zelinnia cried. 

"But, that's exactly what you did!"

"I'm so sorry." Zelinnia whimpered. 

"If you're just going to cry on each other, I have stuff to be doing." Elunara laughed.

Jordan scrubbed a hand through his hair as he made his way down to Tippy's. He was feeling pretty good about himself. Far as he was concerned, he was the luckiest guy in the whole damned city, possibly the universe. Well, ok, Grogek would always be over him, but eh. He was getting used to that. In fact, he didn't mind being second in command to his brother.

He found a table on the back wall and sat. 

"What'll you have?"

"What's today's special?"

"Soup and sandwich."

"I'll take it."

"Well, it won't be as fast today, I'm swamped."

"Where's John?"

"Elunara."

"Ah." Jordan leaned back against the wall. "That's fine, I got time."

"I tell ya, it's crazier since I've been back. I used to have to compete, which is why I went out to Draenor, but by damn, everyone that's come back has ran their mouth and it's crazy round here."

"Good thing Elunara gave you John." He winked.

"By damn if she didn't." Tippy walked off laughing.

A wife, a brother, a couple of kids... hell, a sister, if he wanted to get technical. Yeah, his life was pretty damned sweet. He had spotted the girl following him a few blocks back, and now she was creeping her way to him, chair by chair. He sighed. 

Mark and Jenny appeared. "This seat taken?"

Jordan gestured. "Have at it."

"Where's Elunara?" Jenny blushed. 

"Lord only knows." Jordan shrugged.

"I imagine she'd be impossible to keep track of." Mark laughed. 

"Especially when she says "I have personal stuff." And then poofs."

"I wonder if it has to do with Zelinnia not being home." Jenny sighed. 

"Most likely. Elunara was muttering about her the other night. No idea why." Jordan shrugged again. "It's the ones you love that drive you the craziest."

Mark snickered. "In your house, you must all be bugfuck nuts."

Jordan snorted into his drink. "That's for damned sure."

He whistled on the way down the path. His tail was back. Ignoring her for the moment, Jordan decided to take the scenic route through town. He had to give her points for endurance. Stopping in a few shops, he took his time examining merchandise. Still, she waited outside for him. 

In the jeweler's shop, he sighed over the pretty baubles. It bothered him just a tad that his beautiful, beloved wife had nothing to wear from him. He'd bought her a necklace when he was courting her, but a dick busted it beyond repair. She'd cried over it... and it'd broken his heart. He turned to leave, but something caught his eye. 

"Can I see that?"

"Of course." The lady pulled the piece out for him to see.

Running his finger over it, he examined the thin chain studded with gems. "Bit big for a bracelet."

"Oh, it's not a bracelet. It's an anklet, it goes around the ankle."

He licked his lips. "Does it now?" He considered for only a moment. "I'll take it. Do you have any purple wrapping paper?"

With the package tucked in his pocket, he began to head for home. A swish of skirts reminded him of his annoying little follower. He really didn't want to deal with her any more. Before, she was funny. With his goal in mind... well, he knew what to do. He turned down the alley and waited for her to tuck around the edge. 

"Headed somewhere?" He asked casually. 

The girl almost jumped out of her skin. She put her hands behind her back and flushed. "Oh, General Jordan, how are you, this fine day?"

"Stalking isn't nice, Sweetheart." He immediately regretted the affection, as her entire body language turned on a silver. 

"Oh, General Jordan." She breathed. "It's just such a lovely day for a walk, and I was hoping..." She put her hands on his breastplate. "I was hoping that perhaps we could..." She took a sighing breath. "Walk." 

Even though she did her best to load the word with meaning, he was fairly certain she wasn't even aware of the meaning she was implying. "I've walked plenty today. In fact, I was headed home... to spend some time with my WIFE. I'm certain your friends are missing you. Have a nice day... "

"Cindy."

"Miss Cindy." He gave her a bow and kept walking. He silently groaned when she kept on following him, closer this time. Well, if anyone could set a girl straight, it would be a healthy dose of Elunara. 

Once he was home, and feeling a little safer, he began to take off his armor and stow it away. He had plans for his little box, and the armor would just be annoying. 

"Elunara?" He called. "Baby, are you home?" He stuck his head in the various doors. Even Tulani's studio was empty. He jogged upstairs, taking his shirt off on the way. "Babe?" He tossed his stuff in his room, before looking in the main bedroom. He was disappointed, but he'd just wait on the couch, she'd be along eventually. Probably had a delivery.

He halted at the bottom of the stairs and stared at Cindy. "Uh, you need to go home."

"Oh wow, you look even better without your armor." She licked her lips. 

"Seriously." He ran a frustrated hand through his hair. "You don't belong here. This is my home, and I didn't invite you in." He marched over to her. 

She put her hands on his chest. "General..." She breathed. "Jordan... I think... I think you're just so underappreciated here."

"You... what?" He blinked.

"Everyone talks about it. How you're second to an orc. How you have to wait your turn." She pressed her body against his. "You wouldn't have to wait for me. I would be all yours and only yours."

"Oh, not this shit again." He sighed. "Really? They've got children in on this now?" He shoved her back. "Girl, just go the hell home." 

"I am not a child." She pouted. "I'm nineteen." She wrapped her arms around his neck, and melded her body to his. "And a virgin." She whispered. "For you..." She pressed her mouth against his. 

Elunara opened the door and blinked. Jordan was pressed against a counter, a girl tangled on top of him. The girl looked back, and gave Elunara what she could only guess was supposed to be a cat smile. She rather sucked at the expression.

"It's not what it looks like!" Jordan gasped.

Elunara crossed her arms and cocked her head. "It looks like you're being forcibly kissed by someone you don't find remotely appealing."

He laughed. "Ok, it's exactly what it looks like."

"Seriously, Jordan, you get yourself in the weirdest messes." Elunara reached out and grabbed the whelp by the hair and yanked her off. "Do you want me to toss out the trash, or do you want to handle it?"

"Let GO of me you old hag!"

"Decision made."

Jordan shook his head and sighed. "Stupid move, you worthless twit." 

Elunara sighed. "I should fuck you senseless and make her watch, just to get the point across." She shrugged. "Oh, well, maybe next time." Dragging the girl by the hair, she walked out the door and threw the little shit into the nearby canal. 

Shaking her head and laughing, she walked back in the house.

"Ugh, that little twit has been following me all damned day. I didn't expect her to break into the house."

Kissing him, she ran her hands down his chest. "Children... what can you do?"

He ran his hands down her ass. "She was trying to ply me with offers of a nineteen year old virgin."

"Pfft, as useless as she was, she was probably sixteen and... not."

"Ew."

"Besides, WE all know you can't get it up for anyone other than me."

"That's for damned sure." He felt around on the counter, before grabbing his prize. Holding out the box, he grinned. "This is for you."

"Aww." She took the box and fluffed the ribbon. "You didn't have to." 

"You know me." He grinned, as he returned his hand to her ass.

She tugged open the paper and opened the little box. "Oh, it's so pretty." Pulling the little chain out, she turned it several ways. "Bit big for a bracelet."

"That's what I said. Turns out, it's an ankle bracelet." He bit his lip. "You like it?"

"It's gorgeous." She brushed her lips against his. 

"It's been bugging me that you didn't have anything from me to wear. Grogek gave you the bangle; Renwa the ring, Lucy the belt, even Varian gave you the bracelet. I tried to give you a necklace, but it was destroyed..."

"Oh, Jordan." She laid her head on his shoulder. "You didn't have to."

"For me I did."

"You're so sweet." She kissed his neck. 

"How about I put it on for you?" He grinned.

"Oh, I see how it is." She pushed at his chest. "Fine then. Should I go for clothed or naked?" 

"Mm, I want to undress you."

"Fair enough." She sat back on the couch, anklet in her fingers.

He grinned and knelt down in front of her. "You see, I had this whole game plan of having you sit down and then I give the present to you, but, eh, work with what we got."

She laughed. "Good boy."

Leaning over, he put his hands on the back of the couch and pressed his mouth to hers. Softly, he parted her lips with his, and slipped his tongue along her teeth. He hand went down and tugged the edge of her shirt. He sat back and tugged the shirt to just above her breasts, freeing them from their confines. He cupped them both and using tongue and teeth, took turns teasing each nipple hard as she gasped. 

Again, his hands travelled down, brushing her sides, before tugging on the top of her pants. She bucked her hips, and he tugged them free, sliding them down to her knees. His hands went to her hips, and as he sucked on a nipple, he ran his hands down the sides of her thighs. Backing away again, he tugged the pants to the ankles, before running his hands up and down her lower legs. 

Back up he went, kissing the soft crease by her hips, rubbing his hands across her thighs. He worked his mouth down the sensitive skin. He kissed each knee in turn and pushed her legs up, tugging the pants free. He tossed them aside, and ran his mouth over each ankle, before tracing her legs up. He pushed them back on to the couch, and she spread herself out. Grabbing her hips, he shifted her forward. 

Taking the ankle bracelet from her, he attached it to her ankle with a grin. He kissed the side of her foot, her ankle, and began to move down her leg towards the knee. She leaned her head back against the couch. With a grin, he continued his path down her leg, but skipped over her center to go for the other leg. 

She laughed. "Sneaky!"

"Can't be too predictable, my love."

"Sure." She laughed.

He worked his way up her thigh, across her knee and down the rest. When he went for the center, she wrapped her legs over his back. Using his thumbs, he pulled her open and buried his tongue into the waiting wetness. 

Her fingers ran through his hair as she groaned. He licked and sucked, pumping fingers in and out. When she was half wild with it, he wiggled his way through her legs, and buried himself in her. She grabbed out, and finding the lever she wanted, yanked. The couch popped back, knocking his feet out from under him. He caught himself on his hands with a laugh. 

"You and your damned couch."

"Give me." She playfully growled. 

"As you wish." He grabbed her hands with his own, linking their fingers. Capturing her mouth, he rocked his hips against her, sliding in and out. Her legs slid up and down his sides, her ankles crossed behind his back. It pleased him to feel the tickle of the anklet against his skin. 

"Sugar, we're being spied on by your little stalker."

He groaned. "The little shit can watch all she wants." 

"Good answer."

With a growl, he shifted himself up and began to slam in and out of his wife. Her fingernails scraped down his back, as she arched up against him. With a shiver, she clamped down around him, and he let himself go.

He cuddled up with her. "I love you, Baby." He buried his face in her hair. "No one can compete with my goddess." The door slammed and he snorted. "Bitch."
