 Elunara headed down to the training yard and sat down on the platform. 

Gerald walked up and flicked his hand on her anklet. "New?"

She rolled her eyes. "You're the sixth person to ask me that today. Jordan gave it to me."

He snorted. "Finally found that wedding present?"

"Of course." Jordan grinned. "I had to find SOMETHING." 

Elunara laughed and leaned down, kissing him. "It's beautiful."

"I'm glad you like it, Baby."

"Ugh, I may barf." Gerald rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, yeah. I've seen you and your wife; we're not the only barfy ones."

He grinned. "Who do I have to blame for that?" 

"Oh, Sugar, our little pain in the ass tried to cry to Varian and claimed she was a mere fifteen."

"Oh, Gods." Jordan sighed.

"What did I miss?"

"Little teenage tartlet," She turned to Jordan. "Who happened to of turned eighteen last month, broke into my house, told Jordan she was a nineteen year old virgin, and then tried to get in his pants."

"Damn, I miss all the fun." Gerald snorted. "Why can't I get one of those?"

"Because you're ugly as sin." Elunara snorted. 

"Am not. Else wise, Chrissy wouldn't have married me. Which reminds me... she said the next time I saw you, to tell you that she's looking for you. Said she's been to your house several times and you haven't been there."

"Alright. What for?"

"No idea. You know how she likes her little surprises."

Elunara grinned. "That she does."

Chrissy opened the door. "Oh, there you are."

"Yeah, sorry, it's been kind of crazy."

"Well, please come in."Chrissy closed the door and wiped her hands on a towel. 

"What do you need?"

"So, a few days ago, my friend gave me this book..." She dug in a drawer and handed the book to Elunara. "And told me, "Oh, it's so naughty, it really spiced up our love life!", and of course it's actually pretty tame compared to what Gerald and I have done..."

Elunara smirked. "It's practically a bedtime story to me."

Chrissy giggled. "But, there's this one scene with silk ties, and I thought... "oo!" So, I asked Gerald if he'd had any experience with restraints in his work... You know, trying to get a feel if he'd like to or not, and he got excited..."

"So you want to try it."

"Well, first, I decided to get me some lengths of silk. Not really wanting anyone to know, I went to Tulani. No one can keep a secret like Tulani. It was after she delivered them, that I realized, I have no idea how to tie knots... and even worse, the damage I could do to myself on my own. Of course, I wanted to surprise Gerald, so I couldn't ask him. You never seem to be at home lately, and suddenly I can't even find Tulani to send you to me." She sighed. 

"Between you and Jordan, someone is always getting themselves into a mess." Elunara laughed. 

"At least we keep you on your toes." She grinned.

"Come on, love, let's teach you some knot tying."

"Alright, now I want to make sure you understand me. I want you to prep those two ties sets exactly how I showed you."

"Yes, Ok." Chrissy began working on her ties. 

"Now, first thing I want to talk to you about is trust. You cannot do these things if you do not trust the person you're doing them with. I know that Gerald is not that kind of person, but there are people who would abuse the trust and do horrible things to you. I want to avoid that."

"Oh, I would never do this with anyone other than Gerald."

"Technically, you're doing it with me, right now." 

"Yes, but I trust you completely."

"Do you? Do you fully trust me with this?" Elunara put her hand on Chrissy's arm. 

"Yes. Without a doubt in my mind, I trust you."

Elunara kissed her temple. "Good girl. Now, do you trust Gerald?"

"With my very existence."

"Do you trust me AND Gerald together?"

"With absolute certainty."

"Then get undressed and I'll get you all nice and prepped for Gerald."

Chrissy giggled as she took her clothes off. 

"Now, wrists bound together or apart?"

"I kind of wanted to create the scene where she's bound to all four posts..."

Elunara's eyes went wide. "That's a bit advanced for a first timer."

"Oh, but I want to do it SO badly! Please?"

"I didn't say I wouldn't, but that's a very uncomfortable position for someone new to the game. It's very exposed."

"I've been having sex in front of mirrors, you want to discuss exposed?"

"Alright, alright. Let me get you set up. Lie down, and splay out."

"Like this?" 

"Good. Now, we tie these slips so that if you tug them hard, they'll tighten, but to get out of them you relax and let them slide loose. You freak out for any reason, just remember to relax. This way you can slip into them by yourself, but say... someone comes in you don't know, or hell, your house catches on fire... then you have a way to escape."

"Alright."

"Give a testing tug." Elunara watched. "Comfortable?"

"Yes." 

"Ok, going for the other arm. Tug... that's my girl. Let's get your ankles." Once she was finished, she examined the lengths of silk. "Try to get out. Good, now get them back on, tug... There you go. Now you're all rigged." Elunara climbed on bed beside her. "Did you not get horny before getting tied?"

"Ah, no. Oops." Chrissy gave a nervous giggle. "I was focused on the technical aspects and not the fun stuff." 

Elunara held up her hands. "Do you trust me?"

"Completely."

"Alright, I might as well work you up for when he comes home." 

"Will you?"

"Of course." Elunara reached down and slipped her fingers through the soft curls, brushing up and down, before slipping her fingers through the folds below. Licking a nipple, she began to work her fingers and tongue around the breast. Her fingers ran up and down Chrissy folds, easing out the wetness, little by little. When one nipple was hard, she shifted forward and began to work on the other one. Soon, she slipped a finger in and gently pumped in and out.

"Oh, my girl, you're enjoying this one, aren't you?"

"Yes!" Chrissy gasped. 

The door opened, and Elunara sat up, her fingers resting against the slick folds.

"The hell is this?" Gerald blinked.

Elunara grinned and ran her fingers through the soft hair and slick folds. "It seems your darling Chrissy here, wanted to give you a gift wrapped present."

Gerald licked his lips. "Did she?"

Shifting her hand so that her finger was on Chrissy's clit, Elunara wiggled and sent Chrissy gasping.

"Oh Gods..." Gerald ran his hand over his mouth.

Elunara lifted her hand, and using one finger from each hand, slid her fingers down and into Chrissy's slit, before tugging the lips open. Holding Chrissy open, Elunara grinned. "Care to give her a go?"

"I think I just nut myself."

"Well, do it inside of her." Elunara laughed. 

"Oh, you're so mean." Chrissy gasped. 

Out of his clothes in less than a minute, he climbed on the bed and ran his hands down Chrissy's belly.

"I'll get out of your way." Elunara rolled off the bed. 

"Oh, please stay. Just this once." Chrissy groaned.

"Fine, I'll sit over here if you need me."

"Gods, Chrissy, what have you done to yourself now?" 

As she sat watching the pair of them, she itched for her boards.

Afterwards, Gerald unhooked Chrissy's bonds. "Geez, Chrissy, I had no idea you were an exhibitionist."

She blushed. "I... I'm not."

"She only wanted me to stay because she was nervous." Elunara shrugged. 

"But..." Gerald frowned. 

"Don't think too much into it, dear. I told her that's what happens to amateurs who go for broke on their first go."

Chrissy buried her face in Gerald's chest. "I'm sorry."

"Just stick to the lighter bondage, sweetie." Elunara shook her head. "There's a lot of fun to be had with a set of bound wrists." She waved, and slipped out of the house.

Inspired, she slipped by and bought a couple of lengths of silk, and then headed up to the Keep. In the mirror, she adjusted the bow around her neck. Eyeing her handiwork, she grinned, hopped into bed and secured her wrists. She fluffed the bow and got comfortable against the headboard, wrapping her bound wrists around her knees.

Varian stepped in and just stared. 

"Oh, dear me. I seem to be at your mercy."

He snorted. "You don't pull that off."

She grinned. "Well, I did want to give you a present..."

He gave her a wicked grin and crossed his arms. "Now, that's a little more realistic."

Holding up her wrists, she grinned. "I wasn't sure if I should undress or not."

With a shake of his head, he began to put his armor away. 

"I always find it funny how you disciplined types like to put your gear away first."

He chuckled. "Well, then I don't have to worry about getting out of bed in the middle of the night just to get it done." When he was in just his pants, he grinned. "Plus, it builds anticipation."

"I buy it." She wiggled. 

"I'm glad you opted to leave the clothes on... I do so enjoy unwrapping my presents."

"Hmm, now are you the type to carefully unwrap a present? Or just shred it and go?" Licking her lips, she winked.

"I like a little bit of both." He grabbed her ankles and tugged them over the side of the bed. Gently, he pushed her back, and grabbed the pants by the top; carefully, he scooted them down her legs. Once they were free and discarded, he ran his hands up and down her lower legs, caressing the skin. His hands caressed her knees before working up her thighs. Slipping his fingers between her legs, he pried them open, and buried his face in her folds.

"Ah, Varian..." She laid her bound hand on his head. 

Using his thumbs, he tugged her open and buried is tongue inside. He enjoyed the sound of her gasps and moans, as he slid his thumbs up and down, teasing and pinching those fat outer lips. When she was half crazy, he stood up and freed himself from his pants, slipping neatly into her. She clamped around him and he groaned, sliding his hands up under her shirt, to her soft belly. For a time, he stood there, gently rocking his hips in and out, watching her reactions. At last, he reached down and ripped open her shirt. 

She jolted and laughed. "Well, then."

Placing his hands on her breasts, he grinned. "I told you... I like a little bit of both." 

"As you please." She giggled.

Running his hands on her belly, he grinned. "Sometimes, I just enjoy watching you take me in." He continued to rock in and out, in a slow, steady motion. His hand went down, and stroked the edges of her lips on his dick. "Your body is so beautiful." He murmured, as his other hand cupped a breast, running his fingers over the nipple. She raised her hands over her head and groaned. He tugged on the nipple, and his thumb found her clit. "I love watching what I can do to you." She gasped at his attentions. "And knowing that... At least for a little while... You are mine."

Her legs tightened against his waist as she clamped down around him, shivering. With a groan, he joined her; his hand clinging to her leg. Running his other hand over her belly, he grinned. "What else can I do with my present tonight?"

In the morning, Elunara stretched and cuddled up under Varian's arm. 

He kissed the top of her head and laughed. "Your knots really hold up under pressure." 

She slid her bound hands up and down his back. "That they do."

He flicked the bow around her neck with his fingers. "I loved the bow. It was a nice touch."

"I think I'll keep it on today." She winked. 

He turned over and fiddled with the binding on her wrists. "How the hell do you undo this thing?"

"Here, let me." He moved his hands, and she fiddled with it. After a moment, it popped apart.

"I'll be damned. I saw it, and I still don't know how."

"Years and years of practice."

He turned back over and snorted. "I could have used you when I was held prisoner."

"I would have saved you." She said quietly.

He ran his knuckles under her jaw, and brought her closer to his mouth. "Thank you." He whispered, before capturing her mouth. She slid her arms around his neck, and wrapped her legs with his. "Mm, I know what I want." 

"And what is that?"

"Turn the other way."

"With pleasure." She purred, complying with his request. 

"Just like that." He wrapped his arms around her waist and tucked her up close to him. Shifting his hips, he slid into her with a groan. One hand went up and cupped her breast, and the other slipped fingers around his dick, guiding himself. She wrapped a leg back and around him. He grabbed her leg and began thrusting in and out, holding her tightly against him with the other arm. 

She pressed her back against his hard chest and laid her head back with a groan. He sucked on her neck, moving to that spot he knew best. She shivered and shook against him, clamping down around him. With a final groan, he filled her. 

Wrapping both arms around her middle, he buried his face in her hair and sighed. "They're going to come looking for me in about ten minutes." He grumbled.

Shifting her leg back down and curling up against him, she giggled. "Should I stay, and cause a fuss? Or go, and not be seen?"

He grinned and slipped his fingers through her soft folds. "Stay... just a little bit longer."

"I'll stay as long as you keep that up." She purred.

At the knock on the door, Elunara tossed the sheet back.

"Oh, you are mean." He grinned. "Enter!" He called. 

"Sir, I..." The man trailed off and just stared. 

"Ah, magistrate. I must be running late. Forgive me."

Elunara slipped out of bed and walked to the dresser. "Good thing I left clothes here." She tugged a shirt over her head. 

Varian began to dress. "You know, it's impolite to stare." Even though his voice was mild, Varian's comment caused the magistrate to almost jump out of his skin. He escaped with his life. Varian grinned at the man's retreating form. "I think you had too much fun with that."

"You know me." She winked. As he pulled on his gloves, she stood on her toes and kissed his cheek. "I do enjoy when you indulge my whims."

He wrapped his hand around her waist. "It's my pleasure." 

They walked down the hallway, hand in hand. When they reached the main area, she slid her hand out of his. "I feel the urge to challenge someone to a fight." She winked

"I feel the urge to watch you." He grinned.

"But, Sir!"

Varian waved the man away. "Whatever I have pending, can wait until the end of this."

Elunara jumped down from the platform and grabbed her staff. The training yard scattered and Grogek walked forward, axe in hand. 

"There you are, my love. I take it you had a busy day yesterday."

"You know me, Sugarbear. I worked up an appetite." She winked. 

"Cute bow!" He laughed. 

She fluffed it with her fingers. "Like it? Bring me down and you can have it as a trophy!" 

They began. 

Varian watched her with a combination of admiration and lust. A soldier ran up. "Sir!" 

Varian stepped forward and held up his hands. "Stop!"

Elunara and Grogek halted midstride, still holding their weapons.

"Forgive me for interrupting this, but something troubling has come to my attention. Elunara?"

After a look to Grogek, she tossed him her staff and followed behind Varian. They went to the outer walls, where a man lay against the wall. There was blood on the wall, and dripping down the front of the soldier's uniform. On the wall, painted in blood, "Goddess of whores LEAVE" was just above the man's head. 

Mathias stood up. "Well, it's obvious who this message was for."

Elunara knelt down and put her fingers under the soldier's chin and lifted his face. She sighed. "Oh, Roger, you poor thing." She kissed his forehead and stood up. 

"You knew this one?"

"He was semi regular. I didn't know much about him, but..." She froze and frowned. "He was stationed in Draenor. I know he didn't come back, because he oversaw the delivery of my demon skull. Last contact I had with him, he was flirting with a female Draenei back on Draenor. Asked me for some tips." She sighed. "And now he's dead, to send a message to me. That hardly seems fair."

"Mathias, see what you can figure out from this end. I will order all mages to give me a record of all opened portals in the last few months."

"I wish I'd brought my board last night, so I'd have it now." She sighed.

"Should I have some materials ordered?"

"Might be advisable to have a copy of it available. I'll get a rendering of my board and get a copy of it made. After John broke one, I might get a few of them made, just in case."

"John working out?" Mathias' brow rose. 

"He's peaches. Anything to keep Tippy."

Mathias snorted. "Of course." 

Elunara sighed. "Poor Roger. He was promising."

She made her way back down to the training yard. 

Grogek met her on the side. "Something wrong, love?"

"Roger from Draenor? He's dead. Someone butchered him to leave a message to me."

Grogek growled. "That is concerning." 

"I'm going to get my things. I'll try to be home later."

"Alright." He brushed his lips against hers.

She tugged him down deeper. She ran her fingers on his lip. "I'm just glad you're too damned tough to bring down. Alert Jordan and I'll alert the family. Someone is after me, and they'll kill someone just to get it."