 She snagged the boys. 

"Ack! Momma!"

"What did we do?" 

"Listen, you can get back to your friends in a minute. Someone is after me, and they've already killed someone just to send a message. I want you two to be extra careful. I would be devastated if anything happened to you."

"Aw, Momma, we'll be fine."

"NO! No false bravado, no cockiness. You two HAVE to stay safe, and stay aware. I won't have someone spilling your blood just to upset me. Promise me."

"Yes, Momma." They replied in unison. 

She hugged them. "Also, watch out for Lydia. I can't have someone just randomly deciding she's an easier target."

"Of course, momma." Bradly blushed. "I'll keep her safe."

"We'll keep her safe." Darguni nodded.

After updating her drawings, and conferring with Mathias, she spent her time hunting down people just to warn them. Outside of Tippy's, she rubbed her neck and yawned. She did not get enough sleep last night to deal with this today.

"Hey! Elunara!"

She watched Andrew jog up. 

"Can I talk to you?" He blushed. "Alone?"

"Yeah, sure. I was just headed home."

"Cool."

Once inside, he looked around. "Much like the last one."

"I don't think you're here to assess my house."

He fidgeted in place. "Well, you see... It's... ah..."

"Just blurt it out." She crossed her arms and leaned against the wall.

"I'm jealous, ok? I'm ridiculously jealous of Mark, and Gerald. Hell, I'm even jealous of John. They're all so goddamned sappy in love with their wives. Sorry, language."

"Language is the least of our concerns, given what we've done." She grinned.

He flushed. "Ah, anyway." He rubbed his neck. "I've been kind of lucky in my life, barely escaping and all, but like, I just want to be lucky in love for once. I'm rather..." He rocked his head back and forth. "Awkward. I've had a few girlfriends, but nothing really serious. You're aces at finding life mates for people, so I figured I'd ask you for help."

She licked her lips and grinned. "Sweetie, I think I have the perfect girl for you."

"Really?" He grabbed her hands. 

"Now, she's a young widow and has a little girl. Are you OK with that?"

"I always liked kids. Kind of wanted one or two myself..."

"Good man. I'll set something up."

Rachel opened the door and blinked at Elunara. "Um, yes?"

"Can I come in for a minute?"

"Oh, yes. Sure." She scooted back. 

"I've brought you the file of the one I think is a match for your request." She held it out. "He's a soldier, sweet as pie, and just a little awkward."

Rachel blinked at the file, before taking it and opening it. "Oh." She flipped through. "You are really thorough." 

"I've known him for a few years. He's a good guy. Passionate, sweet and very detailed. You should see that he's quite the survivor. He did well in Draenor, and you can't get rougher than that. He never lost that cute streak though."

"I... will have to give it some thought."

"I haven't given him your file yet. I had to know whether or not you'd be interested. We can set up a meet at my place."

"Does... my file have this much?"

"Everything. I can omit things you're not willing to give over, but I recommend total honesty in all relationships." Elunara shrugged. "I can take out things you don't want him to know right now, but are willing to give him on your own. You have full control over what I give."

Rachel licked her lips. "I'll meet him."

"Good girl."

A few days later, once the meet was concluded, Elunara pushed the pair of them out of her door. Closing the door behind her, she whistled as she cleaned up her boards. 

Tulani leaned against her door. "You and your matchmaking schemes."

"Schemes nothing, both people came to me and asked for help. I think they looked adorable together."

"They did. I kind of liked Andrew, he's always so sweet."

"Speaking of sweet, how's your little side business going?"

"Oh, I can't bring myself to broach the topic." Tulani sighed. "Nor have I figured out how to tastefully display them."

"I can help with that." Elunara grinned. 

"Uh oh." Tulani giggled. 

Elunara marched down to the training yard, and found Grogek on the side, watching. "Hey Sugarbear, up for the Grove tomorrow?"

He eyed her. "Why do I feel like I'm being involved in a plot?"

"Tulani is having difficulty figuring out how to advertise her newest designs. You know... the fun ones? So, I figure, I take a little sampling out to The Grove, make a spectacle of myself, and get some husbands interested." She winked.

Wrapping his arms around her waist, he laughed. "I do like your little schemes."

"Now, I just have to plan how best to pull it off..." She licked Grogek's lips. "Literally." 

He grinned. "I will be glad to assist... Anything to help our dear Tulani." 

She snorted. "Yeah right." Looking around, she spotted the man she was after. "GERALD!"

"WHAT NOW, WOMAN?"

"THE GROVE! Tomorrow night!" She strolled through the yard and made her way over. "Chrissy might be interested to see what I get up to." She winked.

"Oh, really?" 

"Let's just say... this will be a difficult round to bet on."

"Oh, man..."

She flicked her fingers under his chin, and headed home.

The next night, she gathered her props. "Alright. I want these two..." She considered. "I want a third, but I can't decide."

Tulani grinned. "I have a new present." She held up the box.

Elunara grinned. "Oh... I like this one. Wait, how do those strings go?"

"Let me show you." 

Grogek leaned against the tree, reading a book. Some of those on the hill muttered in annoyance at the lack of show.

"Give her time; you know how much Elunara likes to show off." Gerald snorted.

Chrissy sighed. "And you said she told me to show up, specifically?"

"Specifically."

Elunara slipped through the trees, and met Grogek in the center. "Sorry, I'm late. Tulani had to show me how to use this one, and we got involved and you know how THAT goes."

To anyone else, he looked annoyed. However, they knew it was just part of her little act. "Well, that's fine. Tulani comes first, I suppose."

"Oh, don't be like that. Besides, you'll like this one."

"Is that why you're wearing a cloak?"

"Of course. Tulani has been like a crazed engineer, rigging these gorgeous wisps of nothing." She tugged the cloak off and tossed it to the ground. She heard the soft gasps. "Like it?" She gave a little twirl. "It's her latest design. 

Grogek licked his lips. "I think she's out done herself... again."

"You know, it's a shame she's too shy to tell people about these. I think they're fabulous. I got a few more to try." She stood on one leg, lifting the other to the sky. "See? Crotchless." 

"Ok, now you're just showing off."

Chrissy leaned over to Gerald. "I want that."

"You and me both." He muttered.

"You know me, I can't help myself." She put her leg down. "I figure we give them a test run. She wants to know how durable, comfortable, and otherwise fuckable they are."

He licked his lips. "Remind me to... Thank her at the next opportunity." He reached out and grabbed Elunara's hips. "Well, I agree to the fuckable part."

"Oh, we haven't even gotten started, Sugarbear." She shoved him back against the tree. She slid down on his dick. "Mm, I like the crotchless part."

He ran his hands over the fabric around her breasts. "Good fabric choice." 

"I'll say. Wow, that gives some fascinating sensations. Why haven't I played with this material before?" Arching her back, she began to rock her hips. 

He growled. "The bottoms are..." He dug his fingers into her breasts. "Dear Gods, Tulani, what have you done this time?" 

"I don't know, but I damned well like it." She shifted her ass. 

He grabbed her hip. "Shit. Seriously, that fabric is almost too intense. What did she make this evil thing out of?"

"I want twelve more, I swear to Elune." She bucked her hips up and down, as he continued to tease her breast with the fabric, the fingers of his other hand dug into her hip. He shifted his hand and grabbed both sides of her hips, slamming her up and down on him. With a gasp, she clamped down around him, and he jammed her against his crotch as he exploded inside.

She collapsed on him, wrapping her arms around his waist, as her head lay on his chest.

"You say you brought more of these infernal things?" He shivered. "Hell, it's doing weird things wherever it touches my skin."

"Just a few." She laughed. "And I'm the one wearing these damned things."

"Well, I had a good run in life, might as well die happy." 

With a laugh, she climbed off of him and went back to the discarded cloak. She bent over and shuffled through, rearranging things.

"Gods, that's a hell of a view." Grogek licked his lips. 

"Well, now I want to try this one." She tugged at the top she was wearing, and let her breasts drop down, as she tugged it over her head. She folded it neatly and returned it to the little box. Next, she wiggled out of the panties, before putting them away. Still bent over, she tugged on the next panty. "Red's not really my color, but I said I'd give it a go." Once the lacy bit was adjusted, she straightened up and fastened the lacy little top. 

She gave another twirl. "What do you think?"

"Nah, I liked it better on Tulani." 

She looked down. "Yeah, well, she didn't design it with me in mind, so it fits a little weird. I just wanted to see if I liked the design so she could fit it to me." She wiggled her butt. "Nah?"

"Nah. She's designed better for you."

"You're right." She wiggled and tugged at it. "The things she personally designs, work best for the people they're designed for. Oh, you should have seen the little thingy she made for Zelinnia." Elunara giggled. "Renwa freaking HUGGED Tulani. It was adorable."

Grogek grinned and stood up. "I hear he also ordered a mess of them." 

She held up her hair. "Little help?"

"That was my intent." He kissed her shoulder and unfastened the top. When she bent down to replace the top, he grabbed her hips. Ever so slowly, he slid the panties down her legs, before giving her center a lick. 

She giggled. "Back away, you. I have more in this little box." 

With a chuckle, he scooted back. "As you command."

She wiggled her way into a pair of panties, before standing up and holding out the little slip. "Does it go his way? No, the bow goes in the front." She turned it around. She slipped it over her head and turned around. "Well?"

His eyes went wide and he licked his lips. "Now, I know that one is new. It's so..." He ran his hand over the soft material on her belly. "Innocent. Which is a strange thing to say with you."

She held the edges of the material out. "I know. It's so adorable. Yet..." She shifted her foot up on to his leg. "Also crotchless."

He ran his fingers over the hole. "Yet you've managed to get the material all wet." He slipped a finger in. "Very wet."

She purred. "Care to find out how this material feels against you?" 

"By this point, I'm just hungry." He grabbed her leg and put it over his shoulder. Burying his face in her crotch, he licked along the edge of the fabric. She shivered under his affections. Her hands slid across his head. He grabbed her ass, and she hooked her legs over his shoulders. In and out he buried his tongue in to those warm folds, using his fangs to tickle the insides of her thighs. When she arched and shook, he slipped her down on his dick and just enjoyed the force of her orgasm. 

He ran his hands on the soft blue material. "I want that one kept close at hand." He grinned. 

Elunara giggled. "Be sure to tell Tulani."

"She'll get the tongue lashing of her life." He grinned. 

She cackled wildly. "As long as I get to be there."

"Well of course. I would never touch Tulani otherwise." He buried his face in Elunara's chest. "This is fascinating fabric."

"I have one more." She wiggled. 

"Oh, Gods, woman. Is it ever enough with you?"

Standing up, she stared at him. "Are you complaining?"

"Hello no." He laughed. 

"I didn't think so." She put her hands on her hips. "Go wait your ass by the tree."

He climbed up. "Yes, dear." 

"And no peeking!" 

He hesitated. "What?"

She grinned. "Let's just say... I had a hand in his one."

Putting a hand on his mouth, he stared at her. 

"Go on. Get. Close your eyes, or the surprise won't be as tasty."

Several men on the hill closed their eyes.

With a grin, she opened up the box and began to get the piece situated. Whistling to herself, she snapped the buckles, tugged on the gloves, and dug the wedgie out of her butt. The boots really made the outfit, she thought. She wiggled around and tried to get a look at herself. Satisfied, she posed. "Now you may look."

Everyone opened their eyes at once, and many gasped.

Grogek turned around. His mouth dropped open, his hands opened and closed at his sides. He dropped to his knees. "I must be dead, for surely..."

She grinned. "I take it you like."

He ran his hand up the boot, to the fabric of her bodysuit. "I like it a lot."

"Even better, it has many role playing applications... and my favorite, part..." She held up her hands. "The gloves were specifically designed to be used on the ground." 

"You think of everything, my love." 

"Oh, you better believe it. In fact, the boots come up as high as they do, so that when I'm on my hands and knees, I can do it in complete comfort. Care to give it a test?"

He licked his lips. "I would like nothing better." Running his hands over the belts and fabric, he laughed. "I'm not sure where to start."

"Then I'll show you some of the other features." She turned around and showed off her design. She knelt on the ground and put her hands down. "See? Perfectly comfy. AND, the bottom is designed for full access to front, or ass." She grinned back at him. "I'm hoping you'll give both a try."

Laughing, he sat up and put his hands on her ass. "Maybe you should design something for my knees." 

"Hmm, I'll keep that in mind." 

He ran his fingers through her soft, wet folds. "You are always full of surprises, my love." His fingers dipped behind the fabric. "This creates the most fascinating sensations."

She giggled. "You're telling me. Maybe I shouldn't have gone for the lace trim."

"Oh, no. That stays." He buried himself into her. "I like the feel of it on my dick."

"I just like the feel of your dick." 

He rocked in and out. "Oh, yea, the lace stays." He groaned. 

"Wait until you feel what I did at the top." 

"This little ring?"

"Go straight through it."

He played with it. "It's stretchy." 

She giggled. "Well, you're nice and slick off of me. Give it a go, see if it works as I intended. I mean, I only used one of my toys to test it. I want a real dick to give it a good test."

Shrugging, he slipped out of her front, before shifting up and sticking his dick in the center of the fabric ring. He took a breath before pressing himself in. He grunted and dug his fingers into the cheeks of her ass. "Good GODS woman, what IS that thing?"

"You like it? Move in and out my love, I want to be fucked."

He rocked his hips, cautious to not go to fast. "It's like I'm fucking two holes at once. How do you keep coming up with these weird things?"

"You know me, always trying to fuck something."

He groaned as he picked up his pace. "I'm confused... I can't seem to..." He pulled himself free and shot his load on to her ass. "The hell?"

"Well, that's an unexpected side effect." She crawled over and tugged out her notes, scribbling. "Well, I feel stupid." She sat up and continued to mutter.

"Love, what are you on about?"

She looked up, and looked around. "Oh, sorry. I should have realized... It affects a few pressure points I use. You know how you told me I'm not supposed to do that thing that prolongs you, without asking first? Yeah, that silly little ring does it for me. I had no idea, and now I feel dumb, because I should have. See?" She handed him the notes.

"Well, damn."

"Yeah, but it's totally marketable. I mean, can you image how happy men would be if they could artificially go longer? I need to make up a few of these... have some test subjects work it out for me."

Grogek raised his face to the sky. "Aaaaaaannnnnddddd she got started again." He flopped back and stared at the heavens.

"Sorry, Sugarbear, I want to get these notes down so that I can play with them more." She stood up and tapped her pencil to her chin, pacing back and forth. "You know me; I want to get as many volunteers in as possible, in order to test this new product. Perhaps, I can even incorporate it into my work, so that..."

He grabbed her leg. "My love, as much as you have King Wrynn wrapped around your little finger, I don't think he'd appreciate you leaving here in THAT."

She looked down as if seeing herself for the first time. "Oops. Well, I guess the show is over. I'll let Tulani know your opinion of her work."

He laughed. "As soon as I can feel my body again."

"Sorry, I had no idea the ring would be so effective." She stooped down and collected her things back into the little box, before tossing the cloak over her shoulders. "See you at home." She kissed his forehead, before scooting down and kissing his dick. With a wink, she vanished.

"YOU'RE PAYING FOR THAT!" He jumped up and yanked his pants on, before chasing after her.

The next day, Elunara opened her door. Chrissy grabbed her shirt. "I NEED THAT OUTFIT!"

"Come in, sugar cakes." Elunara stepped back. "First things first, you can't have my outfit."

"But..." 

Elunara tugged out a sheet of paper and handed it over. "However, I did work you up a custom design."

"EEE!" Chrissy shook as she took the paper. 

"Am I to take that as a yes? I've never understood women's noises."

Chrissy hugged the paper to her chest. "Yes! Yes, yes, yes!" 

Elunara looked over her shoulder. "I do believe you have a customer."

Tulani laughed. "Oh, dear me. Well, step into my studio."

"Can I see some of your other designs?" Chrissy bounced.

"Of course."

Elunara opened the door again. "Why, Hello Mark."

"Um... do you need Jenny's measurements first?"

"Get in here."

He scooted in, and she opened the door again. "Tonas?" Elunara's eyebrows shot through her hair. 

He blushed and kicked his foot. "I kinda... want one of those frilly things for Mayby..."

"Why, I didn't know you watched."

"Well..." He fidgeted. 

"Get in before you die of embarrassment." 

Tomas nodded to Mark. "Well, I normally don't... but Mayby got wind of something special, and thought that men might be put off by having a wife there, so she made me go." He rubbed his neck. "Boy was it."

"Alright, alright. Let me get my papers." 

That night, Tulani rubbed her wrist and laughed. "You win. I wasn't expecting that kind of a response."

"Men... so easy." Elunara grinned. 

Jordan crossed his arms. "I want to see this brain snapping outfit."

She grinned. "Nope. I'd rather surprise you."

"Not fair."

"Deal with it, little man." Grogek leaned against the wall, his arms behind his head. 

"I hate when you call me that." Jordan grumbled. 

Elunara slid her arms around Jordan's neck. "You're always so grumpy, my love. Perhaps just I cheer you up tonight."

He ran his hands down her sides. "I'd like that."

She looked back. "Anyone have any problem with that?"

Tulani yawned. "No, thank you. I'm completely tired."

Grogek laughed. "I had yesterday." He waved a hand, "Go."

Once they were in the hallway, she grinned. "Besides, it may not be the brain shattering outfit... but I am wearing something special under my clothes." 

"Oh. Well. In that case."