 Elunara opened the door and blinked. "Hello, Zel. Where's the babies?"

"They're down for a nap; Johnathan's watching them for the moment."

"Well, come in."

Zelinnia fidgeted. "I came for a request."

"Ok, shoot."

Zelinnia whispered into her ear. 

Elunara blinked. "Are you certain?"

She nodded. 

"Have you asked Renwa?"

"Well... no."

"You should ask first."

"But... can you come over and... help me ask?"

Elunara sighed. "I hope he doesn't get annoyed you didn't discuss it with him first." She followed Zelinnia out the door. "What brings this on?"

"Well, I've had the idea off and on. But today, I got to thinking about how you two used to be lovers; and I got a little involved in the idea, and the next thing I know, it's a fantasy and I'm itchy with it."

Elunara laughed. "Oh, girl."

Inside Zelinnia's house, Elunara waited while Zelinnia hunted down Renwa. 

He stared at her. "You want me to what?"

"Please?" She whispered, hands clasped together. 

"I need a minute on this." He ran his fingers through his hair. 

"Did I ask too much?"

He ran a hand over his mouth. "I'm not saying no. I'm just trying to figure out if my brain is making this one up, or if there's a trick somewhere."

"You know how I feel about her..." Zelinnia gave a shaky shrug. "I know how YOU feel about her." 

"Do you? Sometimes I wonder."

"She's your friend that you used to fuck. You love me with your whole heart, but you harbor that male desire for a little of both. You know her. This is another one of her games, her entertainments. She's willing to do it because I asked, and no other reason."

Renwa closed his eyes and put his forehead to Zelinnia's. "I love you. You drive me completely insane, but I love you. I just don't want... this to be a common thing."

"Pfft, lord no. I can't compete with THAT. I just want to play with it for a little while."

"Fine, my strange little wife."

Zelinnia bounced out. "He said yes!"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Alright, you little maniac, where are we doing this thing?"

Zelinnia bit her thumbnail. "I guess the bed would be most comfortable."

Elunara raised an eyebrow at the mimicked gesture. "Is that ok with you, Renwa?"

Running his fingers through his hair, he blinked. "I guess." As they went upstairs, Renwa shook his head. "The times before were different because we were in your house, and your involvement was minimal. This... is a little more... full contact than I was ever expecting."

"Oh, calm down." She pat his back. "You know this little fantasy has been slipping around the back of your mind for years."

"Yeah, that's the part that's waiting for this to be a trick." He laughed. Stopping in the doorway, he sighed. "I just don't want either of you to be mad at me for this later."

Elunara snorted. "Sweetheart, when it comes to sex, you're just another body to me. I love you to pieces, but not like that. If this is what Zelinnia wants, this is what Zelinnia gets. In fact, I've promised her that she gets to direct the festivities."

"Goody, now all I get to worry about is my WIFE wanting to cut my nuts off."

She rolled her eyes. "Bubblebutt, if your husband fulfills YOUR little fantasy, do you swear to absolve him from any wrong doing?"

"Why would he be in the wrong?" She blinked.

Elunara held out a hand. "Better? Come on, if you're panicking, you can't get hard and give her what she wants."

Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "I guess you're just going to have to do it for him." 

"Well, we might as well get comfortable first." Elunara yanked her shirt off and shoved down her pants. Folding them neatly, she sat them to the side. Walking over to Zelinnia, she tugged the top of the dress down. Zelinnia giggled. Shifting her around, she gave Renwa a perfect view, as she ran her tongue across Zelinnia's nipple. 

"Ah! Elunara! I wanted...."

"You wanted your husband hard, didn't you?" Elunara grinned. "I know the most effective way." She sucked on the nipple.

"Well, you're the expert." She gasped. 

Elunara cupped Zelinnia's breasts, sucking on the nipple, licking around it. She pushed the dress off, kissing her way down the Blood Elf's belly. She slipped her fingers through the soft hairs, to the wet folds beneath. "Mm, my sweet, I believe you've been thinking about this one for awhile." She lifted Zelinnia's leg and ran her tongue over the slit.

Zelinnia gasped and grabbed Elunara's hair. 

With a grin, Elunara looked over at Renwa. "See? Hard as a rock."

"Oh, you!" Zelinnia gasped. 

"And you're flooding all over my fingers." Elunara winked and climbed into the bed.

Renwa licked his lips. "I feel like I'm trapped in some sort of fidelity test."

Elunara eyed the other woman. "What have you been DOING to the poor man?"

"He didn't get it from me!"

Elunara sighed. "Johnathan, sweetheart, what would make this easier for you?"

"I have no idea. I'm still in shock she's even asked this of us."

"See, that's why I said you should talk to him first, he'd have time to get over that. Now, get in bed, sugar, and let's get this party started." Elunara watched him climb between her legs. "Get up here, sweetie."

Zelinnia bounced into the bed. "Where's the best angle?"

"Come sit beside me." Elunara held out her arm and Zelinnia cuddled into it. 

He rubbed his hands on Elunara's legs. "Last chance to say no..."

"You know, I think I have the best idea. Johnathan, sugar, lay down." 

"Alright." He laid back against the pillows. 

"Come on Zel, get on the other side."

"What are we doing?"

"We have to get him going before you can have your fun." 

"Oh, I like this part."

"Here, link your fingers with mine. It creates some fascinating sensations." Elunara winked. 

When Zelinnia followed, they wrapped their hands around his dick and began to pump up and down. Renwa groaned and put his hands on their shoulders. Elunara went down and sucked on the tip of his dick. When she moved, Zelinnia followed suit. Soon, they were both licking his dick. Elunara went further and took one of his balls in her mouth, sucking and flexing her tongue. Entertained, Zelinnia mimicked her. Renwa grabbed wildly at both of them, grabbing their ears. 

"Mm, we keep this up, and he won't have any left for me."

"We can't have that." Zelinnia giggled. 

Renwa shoved Elunara over. "Yeah, I think I can fuck you now." He growled.

Zelinnia gave a wild giggle. "Well, she is the professional!"

Elunara lay back on the pillows with a grin. "Well, give it to me then."

He climbed between her legs and slipped himself in with a groan. 

Elunara held her arm out, and Zelinnia curled up under it. Licking her lips, Zelinnia watched as her husband pumped his dick in and out of her best friend. Renwa's hands caressed Elunara's thighs, and Zelinnia leaned forward for a better look. In complete fascination, she watched his dick go in and out of Elunara's center. Zelinnia bent down and licked the top of the dick.

"Oh, Sweetheart." He groaned. 

Elunara reached and grabbed Zelinnia's leg, pulling her over. Grabbing her hips, Elunara tugged Zelinnia down to her face and slipped her tongue in. Zelinnia straightened up with a groan, and Renwa licked his lips at the sight of Elunara eating out his wife. He tugged Zelinnia forward and captured her mouth with his own. As he pumped his dick in and out of Elunara tight folds, he danced his tongue with Zelinnia's.

She pushed him back, and with a grin, tugged herself free of Elunara's attentions. Shifting around, Zelinnia climbed on top of Elunara and wrapped her legs together with the other woman's. Her hands came around Elunara's face, and she kissed her deeply. Elunara's fingers threaded through Zelinnia's hair, as she returned the affection. 

Renwa groaned at the sight, and slipped his fingers through his wife's soft, slick folds, sliding a pair of fingers into her. He was amazed by how wet she was at all of this. 

"Now me." Zelinnia panted. 

He slipped himself out of Elunara and thrust into Zelinnia's glorious center. Hands trailed everywhere, as Elunara and Zelinnia enjoyed each other's bodies. 

"Now her!" She groaned.

With a shake of his head, Renwa moved down and fucked Elunara, his fingers returning to Zelinnia's soft folds. For awhile, he fucked Elunara, as he buried his fingers into his wife. He grabbed Zelinnia's hips and yanked her up, burying his tongue in her. She gasped and struggled, her fingers digging into the flesh of Elunara's breasts. He sat her back down.

Elunara grinned. "How about neither?"

"What?" Zelinnia gasped. 

"Have him put his dick on top of me, you sandwich him down, and the end result, he fucks us both. I bet you we'll all get something out of it."

"Oh! Do that!" Zelinnia shifted herself up.

When Renwa laid his dick against Elunara, Zelinnia shifted back down. He began to pump himself and he grabbed Zelinnia's ass with a groan. All at once, he let himself go.

Zelinnia laughed and rolled to her side. "That was super effective."

"Boy was it." Elunara wiped off some of the stuff on her belly. "Little miss "lick the dick"."

Zelinnia giggled. "I borrowed that one from Tulani. She said it drives you and the men wild."

"If you want, I can show you how wild it feels." 

Renwa gently stroked his dick. "Ah, that'll have to wait. I'm a little sore."

"You know, sugar, while you're getting a taste of what my husbands get to enjoy... You've got a one up on them."

"That is?"

"Tulani would never allow them to stick their dicks in her. Lick the pussy; finger the pussy... all well and good. Fuck it? No."

"So... Jordan and Grogek get this all the time?"

"Well, I wouldn't say ALL of the time. But at least once a month, Tulani joins our craziness."

"Suddenly, I'm kind of jealous." He shook his head. "I feel like I have to ask... If she'll allow other things, why not a dick?"

"Everything else, she can pretend is an extension of me. A dick is big and intrusive. She doesn't enjoy it."

"Makes sense. Especially with what she went through. It's some kind of miracle that you even got her to enjoy sex in the first place."

"Wasn't a matter of getting her to, it was a matter of just loving her as she was, and now is."

"You're a beautiful person, Lu."

Zelinnia cuddled up to Elunara. "Yes, she is."

Andrew sat by the tree and leaned back. After a drink of water, he looked up at the sky and sighed. 

Gerald snorted. "I recognize THAT look. I take it Elunara came through?"

"Oh, Rachel is the best. So sweet, and soft, and shy. I should have asked sooner."

"Doesn't mean she would have had someone for you then." Gerald shrugged. "It was months between when I asked and when she gave me my Chrissy."

Andres sighed. "Well, I'm stuck in a weird spot. I want Rachel to marry me, but no idea how to go about it."

Gerald rolled his eyes. "Go back to Elunara, duh." He whacked Andrew in the back of the head. 

"Shit, why didn't I think of that?"

"Love blind fool."

"Come in, sweetie." Elunara grinned. "What's up?"

"Ah, yeah. I think I want to marry her, but I don't know if she feels the same way. I mean, it is awful quick, and I don't want to run her off..."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Ok, doll, let me talk to her, I can get information out of a turnip, without plucking it."

"Uhhh, what?" 

"Just trust me."

"Ok."

She knocked on the door. 

"Oh! Come in." Rachel scooted back.

"Hello, little love, just coming to check on you."

Rachel blushed. "I'm doing quite well, thank you."

"Things going ok with Andrew?"

"Oh, he's a total sweetheart. He and Emily are getting along so well." Rachel put a hand to her cheek. "I haven't been this happy in ages."

"You know, he's the marrying kind." Elunara leaned against the counter. 

Rachel fidgeted with her skirt. "You think... he'd be happy with us?

"He's so sappy; he's got little hearts above his head. It's completely adorable." Elunara grinned. "Perhaps I can give him a little push in that direction."

"Could you?" Rachel clasped her hands together.

"I'll see what I can do." 

Elunara found Andrew down at the training yard. "Alright, sugarbutt, here's my plan."

She eyed the crowd from behind the curtain. Oh, yeah, this was going to be a spectacle.

Andrew wrapped his arm around Rachel's waist as they walked down to the amphitheater. With a grin, he patted his shirt pocket. He frowned. Rapidly, he checked all of his pockets. "Shoot. Sweetheart, can you go get us some seats up front? I forgot something at home."

Rachel frowned. "Yeah, sure. Come on, Emily."

"Thanks." He gave her a quick kiss, before jogging off.

Elunara frowned at Rachel sitting in the front row by herself. With a shake of her head, she modified her mental song list. Stepping out, she began to sing. She danced and spun and sang her heart out. After a couple of songs, she began to get annoyed. Where was that silly man?

He stumbled down to the amphitheater, hand on his throat. There were gasps and screams as he made his way to the front. Unable to keep walking, he fell forward. Elunara dove off stage and grabbed Andrew. She lowered him to him ground. He was covered in blood, his throat slashed open. 

"He..."

"No, don't talk. Let me heal you." Elunara concentrated all of her energy, but she couldn't fight the poison in the wound. 

"He said... to tell you... to leave." Andrew gasped out. "That... you're polluting the city. That... if you do not leave... they will all... die." 

"YOU"RE NOT GOING TO DIE!" She shrieked.

"Tell... Rachel... I wanted to marry her." He gave up on life.

"NO!" She screamed. "NO!" She poured her entire being into his body.

"Stop." 

"NO! 

"You can't save them all."

"I don't need to save them all; I just need to save him!" Elunara was in that dark place with Elune, her fingers seemed to extend out in all directions, wrapping around Andrew's soul, as he lay on the ground before her.

"Mortals must all die at some point. If you keep giving yourself so completely to them, you will burn yourself out early, little sister."

"I CAN'T let them kill someone in MY name! You must understand this! He barely even qualified as a friend. I can't let them kill him, because if he dies, who else will I have to save? Who else will they try to take from me? I can't let them do that. I can't let them win. PLEASE!"

Elune sighed. "Fine. I will help you this one time. But, understand that I can't keep doing this either." She walked over and brushed Elunara's hair out of her face. "I will help you save this man, little sister. But you must learn to control your attachments."

Elunara gasped as a surge of energy flowed through her and into the body of Andrew. She grabbed it and used it, pumping life into his still body, burning out the poison in his neck and sealing over the nasty slash. 

Andrew gasped and clung to Elunara's arms. Many people jumped back, and Rachel scrambled backwards. His body convulsed, as his life was restored to him. Elunara broke the contact and stumbled back. She stared down at her hands with some amazement. She was in a blur as Andrew was hauled to the healer's building, and Grogek scooped her up. He sat her up on the stage. 

"Elunara needs your energy!" He yelled. 

When the wave of affection washed over her, she blacked out.