 "Does that always happen?" Varian whispered.

"When she brings someone back? Yes." 

"No wonder they worship her."

"She is our goddess."

Elunara groaned and sat up in bed. 

"How are you feeling, my love?" Grogek brushed his fingers through her hair. 

"She called me "little sister"."

"What?"

"Elune. She called me her little sister."

Grogek's hand froze. "She..."

"She told me that I needed to stop giving myself so completely to the mortals or I'll burn myself out early."

"What does that mean?"

"I need mother."

"I will send for her."

Elunara looked over at Varian. "Please do. I'm afraid to leave the city at this point." She sighed. "I have no idea who they'll attack next."

"Perhaps Andrew will have more information." Grogek stood up and walked out.

Varian watched him go, before sitting down on the bed. He brushed the hair out of Elunara's face. "Now I see the truth behind the goddess title."

She sighed. "Yeah." 

He took her hand and spun the bracelet between his fingers. "Someone is hurting other people, just to hurt you."

"Because they want me gone, but I'm just too damned difficult to bring down on my own. It's not uncommon really. This has happened so many times, it's just silly. There's a list of people who have tried to hurt those around me, because they couldn't have at me." She shook her head. "I'm so tired of cowards."

"I imagine so." He murmured.

"I'll just have to find the little freak and pop his goddamned head off his shoulders."

He laughed. "That's more like you." 

She tossed the sheets back. "Ugh, I have to get out of this bed. I'm sick of waking up here." She stood up and stretched. "Bastard ruined my plans. Well, maybe it'll happen anyway." She rubbed her neck and sighed.

"Plan?"

"Yeah, tonight's stage show was an elaborate plan to get Andrew to propose to Rachel."

Varian shook his head and laughed, standing up beside her. He ran his fingers down her back. "Now THAT is more like you."

"Me? Meddle? Have I ever?" She smirked. 

"The better question is; when haven't you?"

"There's always a plot that isn't mine. I need to see Mathias. That poison was SI:7." 

"You're certain?"

"Absolutely. I trained on it."

Mathias sighed. "The same poison was found in Roger's neck."

"Damn." She sighed. "I shouldn't have been able to save Andrew." 

"How DID you save him?"

"Elune helped. She wasn't hap-" Elunara blinked as Tyrande walked in. 

"Forgive me, Mathias. Finding Elunara was more important than your protocol."

Mathias spread his hands. "You take precedence."

"Now, explain to me what Elune said to you."

"Well, it does save time to tell you both at once."

A few minutes later, Tyrande stared. "We... may be over analyzing, but it sounds like she believes you to be... one of her."

"That's how I took it. She has long hinted at it, but I always cast it off at how vague she can be." Elunara shrugged. "Besides, I died once. Gods can't die... can they?"

"We've killed plenty of old gods." Mathias shrugged.

"I think the more important part, is that when you died... instead of your spirit being lost to the nether, you went to her place of existence, and she sent you back."

"Great, so when I finally die... I won't actually die." Elunara buried her face in her hands. "I can't live without my family."

"My heart warms when you say such things, when not that long ago, you weren't capable of caring for anyone." 

"That much is true, but at what cost to my sanity? Maybe it would have been better to discover this after my death, so that I did not attach myself to the living?"

What kind of cruel goddess would you have become? If all you desired was the taking of male flesh?"

"Ok, ew. When you put it that way; that's a new level of disturbing."

"You should think about these things, before you jump to the worst outcome."

"It has been my experience; that Elunara tends to think things out to a degree you couldn't comprehend. However, I have also seen her pitch a tantrum with no logical outcome. Perhaps we mortals just can't comprehend the mind of a goddess." Mathias smirked.

"I swear to Elune, don't you start that shit." Elunara growled. "Sir."

He raised a brow. "Yes, Goddess."

Elunara yanked her hair. "ARGH!"

She stomped her way down to the training yard. "I'm itching for a fight! And since the last one we started got interrupted... I'm here to finish!"

Grogek spat on the ground and grinned. "Bring it, love."

"Your momma never stops, does she?" Lydia watched the match with interest.

"Nope!" Darguni sat down beside Lydia. 

Bradly sat on her other side. "She's upset that someone is hurting people again."

"But, your Momma is so nice. Why do people keep hurting her?"

Darguni shook his head. "Don't know."

"Because she's special." Bradly shrugged. "People get jealous of special people all the time. This is no different."

After the battle, Elunara stretched out on the platform. "Ah, much better."

"I've always wished I was as strong as you..."

Elunara looked back. "Jenny! Come, sit with us and get off your feet."

"Oh, I'm not that big yet." She sat down next to Elunara anyway. 

Elunara put a hand on her belly. "You will be. I promise."

"Well, I'm already farther this time... and thankfully no nausea bouts."

"Good." She rubbed her hand on Jenny's back. "Sorry I haven't checked on you more."

"It's alright. I think I understand it now. I can't rely on you for everything. That's not living." 

"Good girl." Elunara stretched again. "What brings you my direction?"

"I missed you."

"Aw."

"I've been helping Zelinnia out with her babies, and it's been preparing me for when I finally have my own." Jenny sighed. "I could have had two..." She whispered.

"Oh, sweetheart, don't do that to yourself."

"Now someone else is out to hurt people, and I'm scared." She swallowed. "Just so damned scared."

Elunara wrapped her arms around Jenny. "Don't. Just don't. I'll stop this lunatic. I won't let him hurt you, or your baby."

I can't help it." She whimpered.

"You have my personal guarantee, that this baby will be born." Elunara shook her head. "I cannot explain to you why I know this."

Jenny sighed. "Well, you are the goddess, I guess."

"Damned right I am." Elunara snorted. "I didn't buff that baby for nothing."

Jenny blinked. "You what?" She whispered. 

"Shit." Elunara smacked her own face. "I didn't mean to say that out loud. Do NOT repeat that! EVER!"

"You did that for me?" 

"If I hear ONE person... ONE! Coming to me and asking for the same... and I will personally beat your ass, I don't care how pregnant you are. NEVER! You hear me?" Elunara put her finger in Jenny's face.

"No! Never! I swear it!"

"Good." She sighed. "I really have to remember my oath to never speak or act when upset."

"Oh, but I feel so much better, though." She rubbed her belly. "Can I tell Mark at least?"

Elunara frowned. "He fears me enough, fine. But you better make it clear to him."

"Of course."

She sat in the library, finishing up a commission.

"Momma! Momma, come quick!" 

Elunara snagged her board and followed behind Darguni. They arrived at the amphitheater. Bradly was sitting beside a doubled over Lydia, rubbing her back.

Darguni pointed. 

With a sigh, she popped open her board and began to sketch the scene. When she was satisfied, she walked over. "Did any of you touch anything?"

"No, Momma." Darguni sighed.

"Lydia wanted to come practice her singing,"

"So, we came to listen,"

"And we found this instead."

"Lydia wanted to barf."

"So, I said I'd stay with her so Darguni could get you."

"Darguni, go to SI:7, tell them Elunara wants Mathias." 

"Yes, Momma." He turned and ran.

"Did you know them, Momma?"

"Yeah. I was training them for the SI:7." 

Mathias stood over the bodies while she continued to add detail to her work. He shook his head. "This is getting out of hand."

"Andrew couldn't give us anything?"

"He's barely even able to talk, but what he knows is next to nothing." Mathias shook his head. "We're looking for a cloaked male, with a voice like gravel."

"None of which is difficult to fake."

"He can't give us race, height, nothing."

"Not to cross old waters, but I'm going to visit him."

Mathias shrugged. "I'll have this dealt with."

"Thank you for saving my life." Andrew sighed, as Rachel clung to his hand. 

"Just tell me everything. Close your eyes and relive it."

"Oh, but..." Rachel gasped.

Elunara held up her hand. "He can't get over it, if he doesn't process it."

"I had forgotten the ring." Andrew laughed and held his neck. "I went back to get it, because I couldn't propose without it. I knew you'd have my head if I screwed up your plan. Before I could get very far, someone put their arm around my neck and hauled me into an alley. I tried to fight, but..." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Struggle and they die." That's what he said. I think it was a he. "Now you're going to relay a message. Get it right, or they die. Flee and they die. Tell the whore to leave this city. The whore is polluting our city, polluting our King. Tell the whore to leave, or everyone she loves will die. Do you have the message?" And I nodded. "Good." They said. The knife went across my throat and they shoved me. I heard "Your life is nothing. Deliver the message, or your precious girlfriend and her little brat join you in death." So, I ran." He rubbed his throat.

"Can you tell me which alley?"

"Yeah, I can show you."

She poked around the little alley. "And you could tell nothing about them?"

"The arm around my neck was in heavy fabric, I was yanked back at a weird angle, the voice sounded like they had rocks in their mouth. I could tell you the dagger was silver." He sighed. "Hair might of tickled my ear..." He yanked his fingers through his own hair. "My description is next to nothing."

"Pretty much."

"Hey, would this be a totally awkward time to ask you if you'd be my best man?" He blinked. "Uh, I know you're a woman and all..."

She rolled her eyes. "Andrew... I swear to Elune..."

"So, no?"

"I'll do it... you just give me a headache."

Jordan stretched. "Man, my back is killing me." He and Grogek were on the way home. 

"Have Elunara look at it." 

"Yeah, I'm going to. I think I pulled a muscle." He rubbed his back. He stopped and felt around. "Shit, I left my sword at the training yard."

Grogek whacked him in the back of the head. "Don't be so careless."

"Yeah, yeah, Mr. "My axe puts itself up"." Jordan snorted. "I'll just go get it."

"Stay safe."

"Yeah, nut job on the loose and all that. I'll be fine." He began the jog back. 

Whistling to himself, he made his way through the city. With a huff, he stopped and put a hand on the building. He really needed Elunara to look at his back. He heard a familiar sound, and just before the knife could hit home, he grabbed the wrist. He jabbed his elbow back and caught his assailant in the stomach. 

The attacker punched Jordan in the back of the head and he jerked back, catching them in the chin. He saw stars before his eyes, but he pressed the attack. Seeing they were getting no nowhere; the attacker turned to run. Jordan grabbed the top of the cloak, a moment before they disappeared in the shadows.

"I married a night elf rogue you DUMB BITCH!" He screamed into the darkness.

"And you're sure?"

Jordan rubbed his thumb and finger along the edge of Elunara's ear. "I know the shape of these ears like I know my own breath. I also know it was a female because of the squish of breasts when I punched it... and I know her hair was white, because of the glint in the moonlight. I can't tell you shit else."

"So, a white haired, female, Night Elf, that thinks I'm a corruptive whore..." Elunara tapped her chin. "Well, in THAT case, I can completely eliminate half of Darnassus." She threw her hands on the air.

"I thought that was fixed?" Grogek frowned. 

"Just because my mother pardoned me, doesn't mean there aren't more than a few bitches left who hate me for fucking their boyfriends, husbands and in some cases, brothers."

Jordan snorted. "Gods, Baby. Is there anyone you didn't fuck?"

"Mostly? Gay men. Women I've only been working with since I met Tulani." She shrugged. 

Jordan shook his head. "Right. There's a reason I try not to think too hard about it."

"Starting tomorrow, and until this fucking bitch is caught, I want our kids to stay where at least ONE of us can see them. I won't have them be her next victim just because she couldn't bring you down."

"They won't be happy." Tulani sighed.

"Their happiness is not my concern at this point." 

Jordan winced. "While we're at it, can you look at my back? Fighting that bitch made my back worse."

"Oh, what did you do to yourself now?" She tugged his shirt up. "Dear Gods, Grogek, what have you done to him?"

Grogek snorted. "That's not me."

"What?" He tried to look back and winced. Rubbing his neck, he sighed. "What's wrong with my back?"

"You look like you were trapped beneath a herd of clefthoof." She ran her hands over his back. "Gods, Jordan you're bruised to hell."

"Can you fix me?"

"Go lay in your bed, I'll be there in a sec." 

After he walked out, Elunara frowned at Grogek. "Seriously, what the fuck?"

"I promise you, love, it's not me. I know he's been working with the children, but I'm not sure how he could look like that." 

"Jordan, what have you done to yourself?" She ran her hands over his back, healing the bruises with her energy. "You're a total mess."

"I don't know." He winced. 

"Are the children doing this?"

"I'm getting better at dodging them." He laughed. "But they get a few hits ever so often." When he shrugged, he winced again. "Ugh, my neck is bad too."

"Well, when you fuck up your back like this, it will pull your neck out. Once I've dealt with the bruises, I'll give you a nice massage." 

"Mm, I do love your massages."

"Maybe that's why you tore yourself up. You just wanted me to put my hands on you."

"Ha!" He snorted. "I'm telling you, I don't KNOW what happened."

"Just seems like whatever causes bruises this nasty, would be a difficult thing to ignore, or not notice." 

He groaned at her attentions. "Well, whatever happened, it's good to have a magical wife."

After quite a bit of work, she put her hands on his ass and squeezed. "Feeling better?"

"Let me turn over, and you'll find out."

She stood up on the bed and grinned down at him. "Yeah, I'd say you feel better."

She stooped down over him, but he grabbed her hips, holding her just above him. "No, I want to watch."

Grinning at him, she slipped on to his dick. "That seems to be a theme lately."

Licking his lips, he positioned his elbows so he could support her weight. Once he was satisfied with the angle, he began pumping his hips up and down. "Gods, you have a beautiful pussy." He groaned, rapidly fucking her. "In fact..." He lifted her up off of him, and when he fell free, he tugged her upwards. "I want to taste it, before I fill it." 

Grabbing her hips, he buried his face in her slick, warm folds. His mouth covered the top as his tongue went in, and he sucked on those inner lips, sending shivers through her. She knelt above him, her fingers slipping through his soft hair. His finger pressed into her ass and she arched her back and groaned. When he felt her flex around his tongue, he grabbed her and shifted her again, slipping her neatly on to his waiting dick. He grabbed her hips and pressed her down on him, and as she clamped and flexed, he let himself go with a groan.

She curled up with him, and he wrapped his arms around her. "No one can compare to you, baby." He mumbled, as he fell asleep.

Once again, Elunara retraced her steps, checking both points the men claimed to have been attacked. It had been a week since the last attempt. She picked up a thin white hair and frowned. Definitely night elf in origin. 

"Found anything new?"

She blinked and looked over. "What are you doing out here, Varian?"

"Just looking for you." He brushed his fingers through her hair. "I know it's a bad time." He brushed his lips against hers and dropped his voice to a whisper. "But I've been worried about you."

She returned the affection. "That's sweet of you, but she'll never bring me down."

He cupped her jaw. "I wasn't worried about that. I was worried about how much these deaths are getting to you. Perhaps... I can take the edge off?" He grinned.

She closed her eyes and sighed. "Alright." She whispered. "I'll be there tonight."

He pressed in his kiss, just to enjoy the flavor of her mouth. When he finally broke contact, he grinned. "I'll be waiting."

Neither saw the cloaked figure just a few houses down.

Elunara made her way into the Keep. With a grin, she jumped into the bedroom window. Landing on the floor, she debated on how she was going to do this. A familiar scent crossed her nose, and she narrowed her eyes. Jumping into the rafters, she made her way through the castle, tracking her target. 

Quickly, she moved from room to room, checking every cubby hole, every secret passage. Her target wasn't as familiar with the Keep as she was. Eliminating every room, she finally spotted the extra fabric hiding behind a tapestry in the hallway. Knowing her target waited for a victim to be distracted, she followed the stealthed figure with her heightened abilities. 

Unaware, and looking forward to the night, Varian made his way down the hallways. He was whistling to himself as he took the hallway down to his bedroom. The sound of soft fabric had him whipping around, hand on his blade.

Elunara fell from the rafters, dagger digging into the neck of her target. Once the target was dead, Elunara stood up and looked at Varian.

He grinned at her. "Well, this looks familiar."

"As long as you weren't hurt."

"Never got close enough."

Elunara stooped down and yanked the cloak back. "Tyrine?!"

"I take it you know our would-be assassin."

"Yeah, she tried to have my mother try me for treason." Elunara began to search the body and found a diary. Flipping through, she frowned. "Oh, goody. A zealot." She passed the book over. 

"Well." He flipped through. "This is... disturbing." His eyebrow shot up. "Did you seriously fuck her fiancé the night before the wedding?"

"Yes. But, he was the one that came to ME, and said he wanted a last shot at freedom."

"Ouch." He sighed at the last entry. "She was going to frame you for my death."

"Brilliant. I'll have to take this to Mathias and then my mother."

Varian scratched the back of his head. "Your mother is here in one of the guest rooms."

She sighed. "You know I should deal with this immediately."

"I'll have a guard take Tyrine's body to Mathias, maybe he can discern more."

Elunara knocked on the door. 

Tyrande blinked. "I didn't expect to see you."

"Yeah, well..." Elunara shuffled her feet and bit her lip. "I was meeting up with Varian tonight, when Tyrine decided to kill him to frame me." She held out the book.

Tyrande sighed and took the book. "Come in. I am finding it a little odd to get used to that fact that my daughter is... having intimate nights with one of my dear friends." She examined the book. "So it was Tyrine, you say?"

"Yeah. There's a passage in there, where she called Darnassus "unclean" after you allowed me back in. Her intent was to purge my taint from Stormwind, one whored man at a time. Since she could not succeed against my husbands... she hoped to catch Varian off guard, and pin his death on me."

"I hate that she lost her mind like this..."

"I never could make her understand that her husband was a creep before he came to me." Elunara gave a shaky shrug. "Then again, in those days, I wasn't very good at making myself heard."
