 "So it was Tyrine all this time." Jordan shook his head. "I remember her back in Draenor, she was livid."

"Yeah, well, according to the diary, after I fucked her fiancé, it was Mylune who comforted her. They seemed to have developed quite the relationship."

"Great, so you fucked her fiancé, AND killed her girlfriend. No wonder she went ballistic."

Grogek shrugged. "The woman was mentally unstable."

"And Mylune was a fucking moron. Trying to assassinate Grommash on her own." 

"They both got what they deserved." Grogek scratched the back of his head. "At least we don't have to worry about our children anymore."

"We never had to in the first place." Elunara shrugged. "They were too young for Tyrine's ire. I mean, there're lots of passages about how corrupt they are, being born from bad stock... but it was beyond her range to hurt a child."

"That's... sort of comforting." Jordan shook his head. "I guess." He rubbed his neck. "Gods, what is wrong with my BACK?"

"Unhook the plate, let me see."

He complied with her request. 

"Jordan, you're starting to scare me." She ran her hand across his back. "This... this is awful."

"Dude, the fuck happened to you?" Gerald cocked his head to the side. 

"That's what we've been trying to figure out." Elunara sighed. 

"He looks like he's had the hell beat out of him."

"Some of these are old, some are new..." She ran her hand over his back and healed some of the damage. "I just have no idea what could be causing such a thing."

Gerald frowned. "How long has it been going on?"

"Judging by the pains I've been getting in my back? Two, three months?" Jordan sighed. "Maybe a little longer."

Gerald calculated in his head. "Gotten attacked by any more lovelorn lunatics?"

"Not that I'm aware of." Jordan sighed and tugged his shirt down. He reattached his breastplate and back piece. "Besides, my armor should have protected me from that."

"Momma! Momma!"

In bed, Elunara rose up on her elbows. "What Bradly? Don't yell." She rubbed her head.

"Momma! Dad's doing something weird! I got up to go pee... and he just walks past me like I'm not there!"

Grogek shook his head. "Love..."

Elunara slipped out of bed. "Show me where he went."

Following Bradly's direction, she tracked Jordan easily. She frowned when she came to The Grove. In the center of the area, a succubus stood, holding Jordan under her thrall. Before Elunara could step forward, she spotted the girl walking up. 

"Give him to me."

The succubus shifted, and the spell it channeled changed. Jordan lifted his hands and stepped forward, taking the girl into his arms. He kissed her with passion, as she slipped her hands up his back.

"Really, Cindy? Really? A succubus? How pathetic are you?"

The girl jerked back and growled. "He's MINE now!"

Elunara shook her head and sighed. "If it was anyone else, I'd give you points for creativity. Hell, points for persistence, but this is just sad."

"I have taken him for my own, and you will NEVER have him back!"

"OK, first, how long has this been going on?"

Cindy gave her version of a cat smile. "Months. I also know, that the longer, and more often, he is affected by the spell, the more mine he becomes, until you can never break him."

"So you'd rather have a mindless thrall, than an actual human companion?"

"He's MINE! He is NOT mindless; he'll just love ME instead of YOU!"

"Ok, first of all, it doesn't work like that. Second, the succubus is channeling the spell; he'll be HER pet, not yours. I can't believe you're so pathetic that you have to rape my husband, just to get any semblance of affection."

"You have no idea what you're talking about! It's not rape if he does it willingly."

"Willingly, my ass! He has NO idea you even EXIST right now!" Elunara gestured at Jordan. "You had to incapacitate him, just to get him to stick his dick in you. For all he knows, he's fucking ME right now. A succubus gives him the fantasy he thinks he wants. She doesn't make him love you; she can barely even make him WANT you."

"I've had enough of this. Jordan, kill her."

Jordan shifted his stance, but did not move.

"The hell do you think you're doing?"

"Once I have him kill you, everyone will know he loves me more."

"OK, I can tell you from experience; that killing someone's spouse does NOT make them love you. Having someone kill their own spouse... is a worse idea."

"JORDAN, KILL HER!"

He continued to blink back and forth.

"Oh, you pathetic little idiot. Don't you know anything?" Elunara shook her head. "I AM a fucking succubus." She summoned her glow, and strolled up to Jordan. "Men do what I say. All men bow to me." She put a hand on Jordan's chest. "That's enough, love. Time to wake up." He swayed his head. 

The succubus stepped back and cracked her whip, hissing at Elunara.

"See? Even your pet knows I'm the stronger of us."

"Stop it! Stupid pet! Do as I say!"

"You may be a gifted Warlock, to summon one so early in your training, but you'll never wield one properly." Elunara glared at the succubus. "Go home."

"Yessssss goddesssssss." It hissed, before vanishing in a cloud of pink smoke.

"Goddess?" Cindy blinked.

Elunara caught Jordan as he collapsed. "Even demons sense it now." She murmured.

"What happened?" Jordan grabbed his head. "Everything hurts."

"Oh, my love." Elunara channeled her healing energy into Jordan. 

"Why am I outside in my sleeping pants?"

"Because you've been under the control of a succubus, and a complete and utter twit." Elunara pointed. 

He stared at Cindy. "You fucking bitch."

"See? He'll never be yours."

Cindy turned and made to run, but Elunara was quicker, grabbing Cindy by the throat and slamming her into the ground. 

"I'm not done with you." Elunara growled at Cindy's unconscious body. 

Jordan sat in the grass, rubbing his head. "Gods, I hurt all over."

Elunara knelt and put her hands on Jordan's shoulders, channeling her energy into him. "Cindy's been using a succubus over the last few weeks to force you to have sex with her."

"Ugh." He shuddered. "You have got to be kidding me."

"Lord only knows what else she's done to you. From the bruises we've been finding on you." Elunara whispered. 

"I'm going to be sick." He curled up against her. 

She wrapped her arms around him. "I'm so sorry, my love. If Bradly hadn't gotten up to go pee when he did..." Shaking her head, she sighed. 

"Gods, I'm so sorry."

"Don't. Don't you EVER apologize for this. She did this to you against your will."

He closed his eyes. "This is so humiliating. Please don't tell anyone."

"Sweetheart, you need to tell your family. They love you and know something has been going on. You need to tell them so they can help you, so they can be with you."

Cuddling into her arms, he sighed. "You're right."

"Come on, let me dump this bitch with a guard, and we'll go home."

"But..." 

"Let me handle it." Elunara walked over and hauled Cindy up. 

She dragged the girl to the first guard she found.

"Dump this bitch in the Stockades until I can deal with her tomorrow."

The guard eyed her. "What for?"

"For being a useless bitch. I'll take it up with Varian tomorrow." She held up her bracelet. 

"Oh, at once, ma'am."

On the way home, Elunara wrapped her arm around Jordan's waist. "We'll make it better, my love."

"I guess." He raked his fingers through his hair.

"Dad!" Bradly met them at the door. "You're ok!"

"Yeah, your momma saved me... again."

"What happened?"

"Alright, it's bed time." Elunara interrupted. "We're both really tired now. We'll explain it tomorrow, ok?"

Bradly yawned. "Yeah, I guess."

"Good boy."

Upstairs, Jordan hesitated at the door. "Can I just tell them tomorrow too?"

"My love, please. This will help you, I know it will."

"Can you do it for me?" He whispered.

"Of course."

As Elunara explained, Jordan stared at her shoulder. 

"Oh, Jordan." Tulani got up and wrapped her arms around him. "I'm so sorry."

"That's a disturbing turn of events." Grogek frowned. "Dark magic has always been frowned upon by my kind."

Jordan wiggled out of Tulani's grasp. "Ah... I'm going to bed now." He escaped as if his life depended on it.

"Did I do something wrong?"

Elunara sighed. "He's just not sure how to deal with it." Elunara shrugged. "We'll just all have to work with him, making sure we're there when and how he needs us."

Grogek sighed. "You will have to help us there. I haven't dealt with such a thing."

"I was the victim of something similar..." Tulani sighed. "A prisoner, used for the enjoyment of someone else. It was Elunara who helped me overcome the challenges. It will be Elunara who ultimately brings back our Jordan."

"My Sweetness, you were the most important part of your own recovery. You were and are stronger than you know. I am worried that this incident might bring back your nightmares, but I must take time with Jordan."

Tulani shook her head. "Don't worry for me. He needs you now."

Elunara slipped into Jordan's room. He had his back to the door, and he was curled up, but she knew he wasn't asleep. She slid into bed with him and wrapped her arms around him.

"Baby, I'm not really in the mood."

"I'm not so crass as to want sex right now. You need comfort and I am here to give it. I merely want to hold you."

He turned over and curled up under her arms. "I have no idea how to feel right now."

She snorted. "Who would?" Cuddling up to him, she sighed. "I'll be here for you. No matter how you choose to feel." 

"Why does this shit keep happing to me?"

"That's actually a really good question, and I sincerely wish I had the answer."

Jordan groaned at the light streaming through the window. He put his pillow over his head.

Elunara sat up in bed and rubbed a hand over his back. "Sweetheart, we have to talk to Varian."

"I don't want to."

"He needs to know why I dumped the little bitch in the Stockades."

"Then you go tell him."

"Not without you."

"I can't face anyone right now."

"He's our friend. He won't think poorly of you."

Jordan jerked the pillow back. "No, he's YOUR friend. He's your fucking lover, it doesn't matter what I do." He buried his head under the pillow again.

Elunara gasped. "Jordan!" She bit back the urge to smack him. "He is YOUR friend. He's told me so before. There's no need to be angry with me right now. Come, get out of bed. You can take all the time you need before you go back to work, but you WILL deal with this now." She climbed over him to get out of bed. 

He grabbed her arm and moved the pillow. "I'm sorry. That was cruel of me."

"That stupid bitch hurt you, and I'll do anything it takes to make it right. However, I will NOT let that bitch hurt US, because that's letting her win. Now, I will help you all I can, but you'll have to learn to help yourself." She lowered her voice. "Just like Tulani did." She laid her head on his chest. "Just let me help you."

Raking his hand through his hair, he sighed. "It's just so damned humiliating. That I was so weak minded..."

"Stop right there. Stronger than you have been taken over by mind control, mesmerizes, and the like. You are not weak minded. Besides, when faced with me or her, you couldn't go against me. Just because she had possession of your body, didn't mean she had your mind or your heart." She sat up on her elbows. "You're mine." She brushed her lips against his. "I'm the superior succubus." She winked.

He rubbed his hands on her ass. "That you are."

"Get your ass dressed, let's fry the bitch."

Elunara walked hand in hand with Jordan to the Keep. 

Varian raised an eyebrow. "I assume you're here over our little prisoner."

"Can we take this conversation somewhere private?"

Varian nodded. "This way then." He led the way to a small office. 

Elunara peered around before closing the door.

"I take it this one is pretty bad." Varian frowned.

"For the past few months, Cindy has been using a succubus to mind control Jordan out of our house, and into her bed."

Varian's mouth dropped open. "Of all the sick and twisted..."

Jordan shifted slightly behind Elunara.

"That worthless little..." Varian hands flexed. He shook himself. "You're certain?"

"I caught the little bitch." Elunara licked her lips. "Red handed. She tried to order Jordan to kill me, but he just stood there, much to her annoyance. She told me she's been doing it for quite awhile. Plus, Jordan's been covered in bruises that no one could explain." 

Varian ran his fingers through his hair. "I'm surprised she still lives."

"Honestly, I'd like to shred the little fucking bitch, but I'd rather honor my husband's request to let her quietly die in the Stockades." 

"Well, that does sound like you." He sighed. Varian turned to Jordan. "How are you holding up?"

Jordan tightened his grip on Elunara's hand. "Yeah, I'm none too thrilled to be the plaything of a demented teenager."

Varian shook his head. "Take all the time you need. I hate that this happened to you."

"Yeah, well, shit keeps happening to me." Jordan grumbled.

As they left the entrance to the Keep, Jordan sighed. "I'm just going on home." He tried to free himself from her grasp.

She tightened her grip. "I'm staying with you today."

"I don't want anyone around me right now."

"Which is exactly why I'm staying with you. I don't care if you lock yourself in your room once we get home, because I can always work from home today. But you don't need to be by yourself right now." 

"Ugh, fine."

"Why does this shit keep happening to me?" He kicked his door. 

"Do you want my opinion, or do you want me to try and make you feel better?"

"What's THAT supposed to me?"

"The best answer I can give, to try and make you feel better, is that it just FEELS like it's always you. My opinion is that you have to take each scenario on its own and figure it out from there." She sat on his bed and sighed. "You're sweet, adorable, and a little clumsy. You're an excellent soldier, even if you do wear your emotions on your face. In some ways you can come off as an easier target. From the coward's angle, which is worse? Jordan the adorable? Or Grogek the Iron Horde Orc?" 

"Fuck." Jordan flopped down on the bed. 

"What people fail to realize, is that you're an even..." Elunara cocked her head to the side. "How would you like to burn off some angry?"

"What?"

"Get your gear."

"But..."

"Do it." 

She led the way down to the training yard. 

Jordan shoved his hands in his pockets. "You sure this will help?"

"Trust me, Sugar." She stood on the edge of the ring. "CLEAR YOUR ASSES OFF!"

Everyone scattered like bugs. Grogek made his way over, eyeing her. "Are you certain you want to spar now?"

"Not me. Him." She jerked her head back. "I think it's long overdue." She leaned in. "If I think you're going soft on him, I will personally beat your ass. Work him."

"Yes, my love."

Jordan and Grogek moved to the center of the training ring, facing each other down.

She climbed up on the platform. "Today's going to be a little different, boys. People keep asking me which one of my husbands I consider the best. I've told them over and over again, that you just can't compare the two. My beloved Grogek is built for power and endurance. My darling Jordan is built for agility and creativity." With a little wink, she continued. "Now, I KNOW you pervs weren't asking in this light; but I figured I'd make my freaking point. Besides, I totally get off watching men flex their muscles. Begin!"

They launched at each other. 

She sat down on the edge of the platform and just watched them go.

"Oh man, you didn't tell us that dad and papa would be fighting!" Bradly sat down. 

"This is so cool!" Darguni bounced from foot to foot.

"Why are they fighting?" Lydia sat down on the other side of Elunara. 

"Because they need the exercise, and it's just something to prove."

"I imagine so." Varian murmured.

Elunara looked up. "Hey, lover. I didn't expect you down here."

"I was doing some rounds when I spotted you. I see you've brought him out of his funk."

"Not exactly. I kind of forced him into this. However, as expected, the chance to burn some rage was needed."

"You always had a knack for knowing how to deal with people." He looked out at the two combatants. "Jordan has improved since I last saw him fight."

"Well, yeah. He's done his time training with Grogek, and they're always in this mild form of competition."

"Really?"

"Not in THAT way. Never in that way. Well, they do play cards, which frequently involves me..." She grinned.

"Why do I have this feeling you hedge the bets to your favor?"

"Pfft, they're ALWAYS in my favor."

"Grogek always won, until Elunara got Jordan some lessons." Tulani sat down on the platform. 

"Ouch."

"Jordan has had it really rough." Elunara sighed. "But I intend to fix that. Starting with showing everyone that he's not just Grogek's little brother. That he CAN hold his own. They're evenly matched, just in their own way." She stood up and jumped down into the ring, going between the both of them, her hands out. "I do believe we can call this one a draw, my lovelies."

Both men dropped their weapons down.

"I can see when you're in a piss poor mood, brother!" Grogek laughed. "You get vicious."

"Just..." Jordan panted. "Making up for lost time!"

Elunara laid her hands on Grogek. "Thank you." She kissed his cheek as she filled him with energy.

"We should do that more often, it was rather fun."

She grinned. "Well, now you have a new way to play with your dear little brother."

When she walked over to heal Jordan, he wrapped his arm around her waist and dragged her into a brain searing kiss. The crowd whistled and hollered. "Can we go home, so I can toss you in my bed and do naughty things to you?"

"Of course, sugar."

He grabbed her hand and they ran all the way home. Once she closed the door, he ran his fingers across her jaw. "I love you, and only you." 

"I know, my love."