 He grabbed her hand and took her upstairs to his bedroom. Closing the door, he began to systematically take off his gear and stow it away properly. "I plan on spending all day in here." He grinned. 

"Well, so long as I have a game plan." She winked. "Besides, the anticipation is entertaining in itself." She tugged her shirt over her head and pushed her pants off into the floor. "What are you going to do with little ol' me?"

Giving her a wicked grin, he yanked his shirt off. "Well, my first plan..." He put his hands on her cheeks, pulling her face into his kiss. "Is to make sweet, beautiful love to my wife."

"Mm, and after?"

"I'm going to wing it, and see where we land."

"Sold."

Pressing his mouth to hers, he took his time and just savored the flavor of her mouth, the expert moves of her tongue and the overall experience of her. She shifted, and he pressed her back, helping to lay her down on the bed. He swung his leg on to the bed, his knee going in between her thighs. Their foreheads touched and he closed his eyes, inhaling her scent. 

Her arms came around his neck. "I love you." She whispered in a breath. 

"I love you, too." He captured her mouth with his own as he pulled his other leg into the bed. He lost himself in her mouth, his legs sliding down to tangle with hers. His fingers tangled in her hair, and he just enjoyed the feel of her breasts on his chest. Slowly, he moved a hand across her shoulders, to her chest, and down to her hip. The other hand slipped behind her neck. 

Her fingers played through his hair, before she slid a hand down and across his back. He tensed, but she used her expert fingers to soothe him back down. "Take me, Jordan. I am yours." She lightly scraped her nails down his back.

"I can't believe this is so difficult to do." He whimpered. 

"Oh, my love. This is me. This is us. Please don't let her cruelty ruin something so beautiful for us."

He buried his face in her hair. "I'm trying."

"Come on; move off, I have another idea."

Shifting his weight, he freed her from the bed. She jogged downstairs, tucked into the Library and began to gather her materials. Once she was satisfied, she headed back upstairs. When she returned, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, head in his hands. She dragged his chair to the center of the room and sat it down. 

He frowned at her. "What are you doing?"

"Do you trust me?"

"Always."

"Good." She sat her board in the chair and left the room again. She came back with an armload of pillows. Arranging the pillows on the bed to her liking, she pointed. "Lay down."

"Alright." 

He lay back, and she began her delicate and detailed process of propping him up and getting him how she wanted him. She got comfy in the chair and began. 

"What?"

"Don't talk, just relax and be comfortable. This will help, I know it will." She flicked her eyes up and down as she began to work. "I think you don't relax enough as is, but this misery has just messed with your head so badly, you're finding it difficult to enjoy the things you should. She tried to steal you from me, and now I'm going to take you back, and help you take yourself back." She sat her board to the side and walked over. Gently, she brushed her lips over his. "I love you."

"I love you too, baby."

"Let me do what I do best." She brushed her fingers down his cheek.

Sitting back down, she began to work again. "If you feel the need to talk it out, do so. If you want to just lay there and let me work, that's fine too." She winked. "You know I always try to fill requests."

He sighed. "I guess I'm lucky, because I don't remember any of it. But I'm really freaked out by it."

"You have every right to be." She said quietly. "Just because you were incapacitated, doesn't make it any less upsetting."

He frowned. "Yeah."

"Even if you were willing, the fact that they made sure you were unable to fight back..." She shook her head. "Yes, it's awful."

"You sound like..."

She just looked at him, before returning to her work.

"Baby, I had no idea."

Scratching the back of her neck, she sighed. "You forget, I've done everything... had everything done to me. For the most part, it was in the name of the Alliance. Occasionally, a target would become obsessed, even after the mission was over. I tended to prefer the missions where I could kill my target, just so I wouldn't have to worry about it. Sometimes though..." She shrugged. "I've had plenty of time to be over it. It really only bothers me when it happens to someone I care about, because I know the pain and terror they went through; are going through. My heart near died for Tulani, and I'd just met her. 

You, I've loved for quite some time now, and it's tearing me to pieces. I dare not mention that to you, because I don't want you to feel worse about something you shouldn't feel bad about in the first place." She sighed and put her pencil down. "That's why I know, absolutely know, that I will not let you be by yourself right now." She flexed her hand and stared at her dagger. "Because one of those times was so bad, that I debated using this. Had it to my wrist for well over an hour, trying to will myself to use it. I finally decided that it was better to live and make myself stronger... to become the best of the best. I was only taken advantage of because I was weak, because I couldn't defend myself.

It took me years to realize that he did it to me because I was strong. Because he wanted to take that strength from me, to make me less than I was. He was just SO goddamned angry that I had bested him, that he had to destroy me."

"You sound like you know him."

"He was a dignitary of all fucking things." She twirled the dagger between her fingers. "He was accused of treason, but no one could find the evidence. However, he had a taste for female flesh, and I was prime candidate. So, I fucked his brains out and found the evidence. He was tried, convicted, and imprisoned. He lost everything, because he couldn't keep his dick in his pants. What no one expected... was the fact that he escaped. How he found me, I still don't know, but he knocked me out, hauled me to one of his little safe houses. 

It took me three days to escape." She quietly added.

"Baby..." With a horrified whisper, Jordan wiped his mouth.

"We think he bribed a guard, though no one could figure out which one. There was always this theory, that someone in the SI:7, jealous of my talents, told him where to find me." She shrugged. "I was missing a week. So, what happened before I remembered? Who knows? I will say that... I never had any clothes." She stared at the wall. "He had bound my dagger hand in such a way, that only someone in the SI:7 would have to have known how to do it. I chewed through the binding, when it loosened enough; I summoned my dagger, shoved it in his goddamned neck and ran."

"None of that is in your books." 

"They're in the hidden set that I don't let people see."

He scooped her up. "Gods, I'm so sorry."

Her board clattered to the floor. "Oh, Jordan. I'm sorry; I didn't mean to go into all that. It was almost twenty years ago. I've had time to deal with it. Just like everything else in my life."

"Gods you're such a mystery to me. You've been through so much, and yet..."

She cuddled him. "Just let me love you. Just let me help you. If you'll only listen to me, I can help make it better." 

He nodded. "I just..."

"Shh, don't do this to yourself. My pain is past, your pain is now." She put her forehead against his. "Just, do me a favor, and NEVER tell this to Tulani."

"Oh, Gods, I'd hate to see what this would do to Tulani."

"Grogek doesn't know either. In fact, the only person alive that even knows about this; is Mathias. It wasn't in my file for anyone else to see. He tried for months to figure out who gave the information to the bastard, and I know that, for years after, he would pick up the file and try again."

"It's just so horrible."

"Why do you think Lorros' little stunt didn't mean shit to me? He couldn't hope to top that. It doesn't matter though, because, like I said, it was almost twenty years ago. I didn't tell you this to make you feel bad for me. Hell, I didn't even tell you this so what you went through looks less. I'm telling you this, so that you know, absolutely know, that I know where you are coming from. That I know how much this eats at you."

He ran his thumbs on her cheeks. "Thank you for telling me." He whispered.

"Do not let this make you treat me any differently." She sighed. "I'm terribly afraid that you'll start treating me like I'm fragile or damaged. I love our sex life; I love the things we do together. I love the fact that I can get out of you what I can't get out of anyone else. I know it will be difficult for you to get back on the wheel, but I want you to do it. You don't have to right now, but eventually. You can't let this ruin your life."

He nodded. 

"Now get back in that bed while I finish up my preliminary work. I want to pose you all day." She licked his nose.

"Gah!" He laughed. "You're so weird some days." He wiped his nose.

"That's the point, sugarbutt. Get your ass in that bed."

"Yes, ma'am." He climbed back in the bed and lay against the pillows. 

That night, the sound of his door opening had him freezing in place. When it harmlessly closed again, he let out the breath he was holding.

"Elunara is with him." He heard Grogek say. Reaching up, he popped the port hole open.

"Oh, good." Tulani sighed. "If anyone can help him, it is her."

"He seemed to be in better spirits earlier."

Tulani rocked her head back and forth. "Yes, but it comes and it goes. Does... anything like this happen in your kind?" She tugged her dress over her head. 

"It's been known to. It's rather rare. Our women are just as tough and mean as the men when they want to be. It's part of their charm." He gave a crooked grin and yanked off his boots. "However, occasionally, one will get it in her head that she's been denied something rightfully hers... and then they get vicious."

"Has it ever happened to you?" Tulani tugged her night dress on. 

"No. But, it happening to me is irrelevant." 

"Not really. Had it happened to you, you'd better understand what he's dealing with." Tulani sighed. "That's why Elunara is perfect. She knows how to apply her own experiences to a... task."

"She hasn't..."

"Lorros."

"Oh. Yes, that bastard. After listening to Zelinnia," He sighed. "I was too merciful."

"Yes, but she uses it." Tulani sighed and sat on her bed. "But, it is Elunara's strength and her pure enjoyment of the body that helped me in my time. Perhaps this combination will help Jordan all the faster."

Grogek kissed Tulani on the head. "Now you're strong. Good night, my sister."

"Goodnight, brother." She grinned. 

Jordan popped the little door down and stared at Elunara. "No, they don't have a clue." He whispered. When he brushed his lips across her cheek, she turned and buried her face in his chest.

Elunara sat and added more detail to her project. It had been a pain in the butt to get paper the size she wanted, and she wasn't wasting a minute of time trying to get her project perfect.

Bradly and Darguni burst into the door. "Momma!"

She groaned at the line she worked to erase. "Yes?"

"Jenny's having her baby and she wants you!"

"Alright, alright. Let me switch my stuff out." 

She strolled into the healer building, board on her back. "Where's my girl?"

"I was told to wait for you, follow me." The healer's assistant bobbed her head. 

"Oh, Gods, Elunara!" Jenny whimpered. "It hurts!"

Elunara reached out and took Jenny's hand. "It's ok, Jenny, my love. I'm here. Let me ease this for you." She closed her eyes and focused her energy, following the same paths she had done for Zelinnia. 

"I swear, Elunara... I need to convince you to come more often." Ina sighed. "No one can ease this like you can."

"Hey, I only help deliver babies for people I like."

Mark sighed. "Then I'm glad you like us."

"Alright, Jenny, push." Ina called. "I see the head, just a little bit m–" Ina stared. "Elunara, why is the baby glowing?"

"Well... I was so intent on making sure this one happened... I kinda..." Elunara rocked her head back and forth. "Blessed the baby?"

Ina stared at the child in her arms. "You did WHAT?" The faint glow dispersed around the child.

"I swear by all that is fluffy, if people start coming to me asking for blessings, I WILL hurt them."

"I've never seen such a peaceful birth." The assistant marveled. 

"Well, here's your little girl." Ina held the baby up. 

"Girl?" Mark blinked. "You said we were having a boy." He stared at Elunara.

Elunara took the child and transferred her to Jenny's arms. "I... You know, I can't tell you. I thought I felt a boy." She shrugged. "I warn you now, Lu and Nara are taken. Don't try it."

"Can I call her Tyralu?"

Elunara snorted. "Sure, why the hell not? I'm sure mother would be honored."

Jenny jolted. "Why does it still hurt?"

"We got to get you cleaned up." Ina went back to her task. "Sometime these..." She stopped and stared. "Elunara, get to work, we got another one."

"WHAT?" The three of them cried at once.

Elunara clamped a hand to Jenny's belly. "How the hell did I miss that one???"

Ina snorted. "You, me, and Tia all missed this sneaky little bugger." She began to clean up the child. "Looks like you got a boy."

"Well, that would explain why I saw a boy. Though, I will admit, that a couple of times, I thought I felt girl, but decided I wasn't really as good at this thing as I thought."

Ina held up the child, and Elunara repeated the process of transferring the baby.

"Twins." Mark whimpered. "How are we going to deal with twins?"

"Well, name him." Elunara snorted. 

"Grodan." Jenny giggled. "Oh, gods, why did that come to me?"

"If that child doesn't grow up to be a rogue, I'm going to be sorely disappointed." Elunara laughed. 

Mark shook his head. "I kind of like Grodan."

"Well, let's get you finished up, and hope another head doesn't pop out at me." Ina shook her head.

Elunara carried Tyralu, and Mark carried Grodan, and they headed down to the training yard while Jenny rested. 

Once they were on the platform, Elunara called out. "Mark and Jenny proudly present their twins, Tyralu, and Grodan. Now, clap, you buffoons."

"Did you seriously name your son after Elunara's husbands?" Gerald called out.

"No, Jenny did!" Mark laughed. 

Grogek grinned. "I am honored, nonetheless."

"Yeah, me too." Jordan blinked. He rubbed a finger on the boy's cheek. "Some days..." He shook his head. "Eh, never mind. The kids are adorable." He grinned. 

One started crying, which set off the other. "Oops, guess it's feeding time." Elunara grinned. "Come on, daddy; let's get the kids back to momma."

Back in the healer building, Elunara kissed Jenny's forehead. "I'll send Zelinnia to you."

"Please do." Jenny beamed. 

Renwa laughed. "Are ALL the kids this year going to be named after you?"

"I fucking hope not." Elunara sighed. "This is getting ridiculous; I can't keep track of all of these buggers."

"I just can't believe she named the boy after your husbands..." Zelinnia shook her head, even as she prepped her own babies for the walk over. 

"I know, right? At least someone else's brain was broken for once." She sighed. "I swear; I can't take any more babies. I might just hide out with Chrissy for a few days." Running her fingers through her hair, she laughed. "There's a rumor Mayby's on number four already."

Renwa shuddered. "For Tonas' sake, I hope to hell not."

"I'm going to send a note to mother, let her know about the name."

Tyrande giggled. "Well, I am honored, no matter how you came up with the name."

Jenny blushed. "Thank you. Elunara is my favorite person."

"Jenny." Elunara warned. 

"Fine, my favorite person I'm not married to."

"I'll accept that."

"She saves me over and over again, and doesn't want a thing for it. Naming my child after her or her family is the least I can do."

"I wish you'd stop acting like you owe me anything." Elunara sighed. 

"I love the fact that you're the kind of person who doesn't think she should." Tyrande smiled. "It warms my heart."

"It's just silly. I didn't save her life to just be owed it." She shook her head. "Whatever."

"Well, they're beautiful." Tyrande smiled. "Such an adorable little family."