 Jordan leaned his shoulder against a tree, and stared down at the training soldiers. Grogek was reaming one of the newbies for reasons unknown, and Jordan just sighed.

"Why are you up here looking all grumpy?" Elunara rubbed her chin on his back. 

He sighed. "Just wishing I was as strong as my brother."

"Oh, Jordan..." She wrapped her arms around his waist, propping her chin on his shoulder. 

He shook his head. "I don't want to replace him, or even pass him, I just want to be on even ground."

"Didn't your little bout teach you anything? You ARE evenly matched."

"He went easy on me."

"No, the hell he didn't." She put her forehead against his back. "He was just as winded as you were. He didn't hold back. I watched him. He was losing ground. It just didn't seem like it from your end." She nibbled on his ear. "In fact, he enjoyed himself. You should challenge him more often, if only for the exercise."

"Hmm, maybe I will."

"You see the fun I get out of it. Besides, I enjoy watching you two. All those flexing muscles..." She dragged her teeth across his neck. "I'm getting worked up just thinking about it."

Jordan straightened up and headed down into the fray. 

She licked her fingers, before following him.

"Yo! Grogek!" 

Grogek snorted. "What, brother?"

"Let's show these little fucks how an Iron Horde Orc fights." He grinned, as he pulled his sword. 

Grogek laughed and shoved the trainee out of his way. "I like this side of you, brother."

Elunara climbed on to the platform, and got comfortable with her board in her lap. She slipped her hand down her pants and began to run her fingers through, playing with the wetness. Quickly, she sketched the action, slipping a pair of fingers in herself with a soft groan.

Varian stepped up beside her. "I see Jordan is doing better."

"Yeah, it's been a rough couple of months, but I'm starting to see some real progress."

"That's good." 

She smiled up to him. "Can I ask a favor?"

He eyed her. "Sure, what is it?"

"Can I borrow the keep for a night? I want to throw my boys a memorable eleventh birthday."

He shrugged. "So long as you don't trash the place." He grinned. Looking down, he spotted her hand.

"Are you seriously...?"

Tugging her hand free, she held it up. "Care for a lick?"

"Not. In. Public." He closed his eyes and pinched his nose. "You really have no shame, do you?"

She buried the fingers back in her crotch and slid them in and out. "Not a bit."

"I am SO glad no one can see the raging hard on I am covering with this armor." He sighed.

"You're going to have to get in line, lover. I intend to get myself seriously fucked by my husbands." She tugged her hand free, licked her fingers, and jumped down. She hung the board on her back by the strap.

Varian gave up and went back to the Keep.

"Alright boys, I can't take much more of this." She held up her hands. "The captains can take over training for today, right?" She pointed at Mark and Gerald. "Get your asses on it. I need these two for... the next couple of hours. Bye!" She grabbed Grogek and Jordan by the hand and hauled them behind her. 

"Love, why is your hand sticky?" Grogek grinned. 

"You have to ask?"

Jordan and Grogek rolled their eyes at each other.

Once in the house, Grogek laughed. "Someone is prepared."

"I want... Jordan in the seat." She grabbed his hands and dragged him to her modified couch. She shoved him down and tugged his dick free of his pants. "Not quite there, but I can get you where I want you." Slipping her hand over his hardening dick, she began to lick him up and down. 

"Ah, Baby..."

Grogek yanked down her pants, before he pushed his own down. He grabbed her by the hips and buried himself into her waiting wetness. "Gods, you're soaked."

"Mm, I've been thinking about you two all day; had to get my hands on the both of you before I went crazy. However, I wanted you nice and sweaty first."

Jordan dug his fingers into her hair. "Why?"

"Adds flavor." She slipped her mouth over him, and sucked on the tip. 

Grogek rocked his hips against her, sliding in and out. 

"Harder!" She groaned. "I want you to fuck me." She slid her mouth down on Jordan's dick, taking him in with greedy sucking motions. 

"With pleasure." Holding on to her hips, Grogek began to pound himself in and out, slamming his hips against hers. 

Matching Grogek's pace, she held on to Jordan's dick as she pumped her mouth up and down. Grogek's shaking, pulled her whole body forwards and backwards, as he buried himself over and over into her. Clutching her hips, he slammed deep in and filled her. Jordan laid his head back and called out, as he filled Elunara's mouth. 

With a laugh, she straightened up. "Oh, yes, that's exactly what I wanted." She wiped her mouth off with her fingers. "But I'm not done with this delicious feast." She popped a lever, shifted a gear, and Jordan's seat shifted backwards to an angle. 

"The hell?" He blinked. 

"Another one of my fun designs. This couch is filled with so many gears, parts, levers and hinges, it's a wonder anyone got it in here at all." She giggled. "Ok, so now, I have these nice little places to put my knees." She climbed into Jordan's lap and slid down on to him. "And if I shift this way..." She demonstrated. "Then Grogek can push himself into my ass, and put his hands on this upper part here."

"Gods, Baby, you think of everything." Jordan rubbed his hands on her waist. 

"Isn't it–" She groaned as Grogek pressed himself up into her ass. "Awesome? I can even expand the seat a little, so next time Grogek can have the chair, and you can have my ass." She pressed her mouth to Jordan's. 

Jordan grabbed the back of her neck and tugged her in deeper. "Gods, you're completely fucking insane." He laid his head back and groaned, as she bucked her hips. "And I love every damned minute of it."

Grogek grinned. "I do like putting your creation to the test." He gripped the hand holds and began slipping himself in and out. 

With a laugh, Elunara grabbed her own hand holds and began bucking and rocking her hips, pumping up and down on Jordan, while Grogek shoved her forward from his end. Between the two of them, they had Jordan grabbing wildly at her hips. She shivered and clamped down on the both of them. She collapsed on Jordan, and he wrapped his arms around her waist. 

"I'm not done yet." Grogek grinned.

"Give it all you got." Elunara purred. 

Jordan shifted himself free of her. He instantly wished he hadn't, when Grogek's balls began to hit his dick. Jordan buried his face in Elunara's hair and tried to ignore it.

With a growl, Grogek shifted himself upwards and began to pound in and out of Elunara's ass. He let go of the handholds and grabbed her hips. With a hard shudder, he filled her ass. Something told him a sensation had shifted somewhere, but he couldn't figure out what it was. He tugged himself free of her ass and laughed. "My love, I think you've outdone yourself."

Elunara tried to straighten up, but Jordan was clinging to her like a life line. "Sugar, are you ok?"

"I'm fine, just give me a minute."

She and Grogek exchanged concerned looks. "Are you alright?" 

"Yeah. Just trying to recover." He groaned. "I think you broke my dick. Again."

"Oops, sorry, Sugar." She brushed his hair out of his face. 

"Ugh, even my dick isn't as powerful." He mumbled.

"Oh, stop that." Elunara put her hands on her hips. "I know you've been depressed lately, but this has got to stop. You two are so even it's pathetic. You know damned good and well that we wouldn't even BE here if I thought your dick wasn't something special; if I didn't think YOU were something special. I don't fuck you out of pity; I fuck you because I desperately want your dick in me. So he went a little longer today, big damned deal, you out last him plenty. You are both equal, just differently. I don't know how to get that through your head!" She yanked at her hair. "Gods, Jordan, I didn't marry a fool trapped in his own self pity!"

"You didn't marry me at all!" 

Her eyes went wide, and her hands dropped to her sides. She scooted backwards, and when she was free of the couch, she ran upstairs. Slamming the door behind her, she dropped on to the bed and began to cry.

Grogek gave a low growl. "It is only because you are my brother, that I do not rip your head off and stick it on a pike." He turned and followed Elunara upstairs.

"Shit." Jordan muttered. He yanked his pants on and left. 

Renwa and Zelinnia were out walking the kids, when they spotted Jordan running.

"What's wrong with him?" Zelinnia frowned. 

"I don't know, but I intend to find out." 

Jordan punched the tree repeatedly, before chucking a large rock into the lake.

"I knew you'd go here."

Jordan jerked up straight. "Oh, Renwa." He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.

"What's the matter with you?"

"I guess it's time I told you. Remember Cindy? The crazy little bitch that tried to kiss me?"

"Yes. I heard she was arrested recently."

"Well, apparently, after she failed with me, she went to the warlocks. They trained her, and she got a succubus pet... used it to lure me out of the house and..." Jordan shuddered.

Renwa's eyes went wide. "She didn't..."

"She did." He flopped down and began pulling grass out of the ground by the chunk. 

"That must have been terrible..."

"Thing is, I don't remember it. Not a bit. I have no idea what she did to me, other than cover my body in bruises. I'm not about to ask her either. And I keep thinking... I keep thinking that all this shit keeps happening to me. Why always me? Why not Grogek for once? And I've been dwelling on that... kind of a lot lately."

As Jordan talked, Renwa heard the crunch of grass. His eyes went wide, when he saw the white hot fury on Grogek's face.

"All I can think of is... if only I was stronger." He rubbed his arm. "Why can't I be as strong as Grogek? Why can't I best him in anything for once? He just seems to have everything together, and I'm just trotting along, waiting for my scraps." Jordan buried his face in his hands. "I hate that I can't get over it. It eats at me. Why, WHY can't I be better than I am?" He sighed, and stared at the lake. "I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy of her, I'm not worthy of him, I'm not worthy of my kids. I'm the weakest link in the whole goddamned mess, and worse... I took it out on her."

"You're a fucking fool." Grogek growled. 

Jordan jolted up and backed away. 

"Elunara is in our room, bawling her goddamned eyes out, because YOU can't fucking get it together. She has busted her ASS the past couple of months, trying to figure out the magic formula to bring you around and make you see how valuable you are."

"What the hell did you do?" Renwa whispered.

"TELL HIM!" Grogek gestured to Renwa.

Jordan swallowed the rock in his throat. "I told her she didn't marry me."

"Jordan?!" Renwa was horrified. "The fuck is wrong with you? You of ALL PEOPLE know how HARD it is for her to love someone like that."

Jordan flopped down and grabbed his head. "It just feels like something else Grogek got that I didn't. I don't know WHY this all changed. I don't! I was fine with EVERYTHING, and then this useless little bitch came along..." 

"You've shattered her to PIECES! You have NO idea how hard it is to control my rage against you right now!" Grogek balled his fists. "I have NEVER seen her cry like this. She doesn't damned well cry, and you fucking KNOW that!"

"What have I done?" He buried his face in his hands. 

Grogek pointed towards the house. "You fucking FIX it, or I swear by my ancestors, there will be nowhere for you to hide from my wrath!"

Jordan scrambled up and ran.

"It is your love for that man that keeps you from killing him right now." Renwa sighed. "I, for one, wouldn't blame you one bit."

Jordan made his way into the house, and sighed as he climbed the stairs. He had no idea what he was going to say or do. He wouldn't lose her because of his mouth... because of that bitch. He knocked on the door. 

"Yes?" Tulani answered. 

He pushed open the door, and hated himself. Tulani was sitting up in the bed, her back to the wall. Elunara was curled up in her lap, shaking. 

Tulani glared at Jordan. "Believe me when I say, I am NOT pleased with this role reversal."

"I..." At his voice, Elunara seemed to shrink into herself. He closed his eyes and swallowed "Baby... I didn't mean it."

Tulani scoffed. "Really, that's the best you have?"

Elunara sighed. "Tulani, please just give us a minute."

She ran her fingers through Elunara's hair. "I'll be outside if you need me." She slid out of bed and glared. "If you hurt her any more, you'll think Grogek went soft of you." She growled. 

"Gods, when Tulani is angry, I know I fucked up." He sighed. He sat on the edge of the bed. Elunara was curled up, away from him. He ran a hand on her side. "Baby, I didn't mean it. I really didn't. I've just..." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Since this bullshit with Cindy... all I keep thinking about; is how much better at everything Grogek is. He wouldn't have been controlled; he would have been able to fight back... etc., etc. It cycles endlessly in my mind. Even the fact that he got to do the whole ceremony thing with you, is just one more thing he got better." Jordan buried his face in his hands. "I don't even LIKE weddings." He shuddered. 

"But why?" She whimpered.

"I don't even know."Jordan rubbed his neck. "Actually, I kind of know. They tease me." He winced at his admission. "That sounds childish, but it's true. I'm not really your husband, I'm not really special. They..."

"Why are you listening to anyone that can be labeled as "they"?" She sighed. Turning onto her belly, she looked up at him. "I've never understood why you listen to "they"."

His heart broke as he saw her ravaged face. "You've told me a few times, you have well over thirty, almost forty years of repeated insults. Insults you heard so often, they stopped being insulting. I've been dealing with being the butt of everyone's jokes for a scant ten years. The whispers and rumors a good four or five." He brushed the tears off of her face. "When Cindy pulled her bullshit, the whispers and rumors got louder, and I began to wonder..." He looked away. "I became obsessed with it, in a way."

Turning over completely, she sighed. "Oh, Jordan..."

"I hear that from you a lot lately." He bent down and kissed her forehead. "Baby, I love you and I would be devastated if you threw me away. I hate myself so much right now. I didn't mean to say what I did... but when..." He winced and blushed. "Anyway, I just snapped out and I shouldn't have. I broke one of your cardinal rules. Please forgive me."

"Only if you tell me what you started to say but didn't."

He closed his eyes and sighed. "When I pulled out of you, trying to avoid getting my dick crushed... I... fell in such a way that Grogek's balls were whacking my dick, and it wasn't entirely uncomfortable."

Elunara snorted. "Oh, lord." 

"Shut up." He muttered, his face went crimson. 

She put a hand over her mouth and stifled a giggle. "I'm not even sure how often your balls whack together, and THIS bugged you?"

"Hey, I had to get used to the ball whacking, I didn't want to add a new thing."

She sat up and whacked him across the head. "You're an idiot." Wrapping her arms around him, she sighed. "I love you so much, and you hurt my feelings more than anything else in the world."

"I'm so sorry, Baby. You have no idea how much I've never wanted to hurt you." He sighed. 

"Do we have to deal with these nasty little whispers?"

"Oh, Gods, don't put me through a wedding. Please?"

"I should, just cause you were mean to me." 

He buried his face in her hair. "I didn't mean it. I swear I didn't mean it!"

"You NEED to come to me with these thoughts before they can eat at you. Please, just let me help you. There's always things we can do to quiet the shitty little gossips. You know you can tell me anything, even if what's bothering you is me."

He sighed. "I wish I had your confidence."

"Then borrow mine." She cuddled up to him. 

The door opened and Tulani stuck her head in. "Is everything ok?" She eyed Jordan with contempt.

"We worked it out, Sweetness."

"Sometimes, I think you're too forgiving." Tulani sniffed.

"Dipshit here; let nasty whispers get to him. Imagine, listening to bullies and hiding it from the one person who could fix it."

Tulani flushed. "Ouch."

Jordan smacked his own face. "I pulled a Tulani."

Elunara laughed. "Ugh, you two. I love you both, and you just won't let me HELP you."

Grogek stood in the doorway, arms crossed. "Do I have to stuff his head on a pike or not?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "No. Jordan's just an idiot; he doesn't deserve the death sentence." 

"I'm still pissed he hurt you."

"I'm still pissed at myself." Jordan sighed. "You have every right to be angry with me." He ran his fingers through his hair. "I hate how much Cindy fucked up my life."

"Then don't let her." Elunara kissed his cheek. "I know it's easier said than done, but when you go to these dark places, you need to think to yourself "What is the origin?" Just practice asking yourself "Did she do this to me?" and if the answer is "yes", then stop. Just simply stop. Figure out where each individual bad thought comes from. If you can't fight them, come to me."

"Or me." Grogek snorted.

"I may not be able to help, but you can still speak to me." Tulani sighed and sat on her bed. "Before you explode and say something cruel to one of us."

"We're a family." Elunara rubbed her cheek against Jordan's. "We're here for you." She climbed out of bed. "Now sit your ass down, I'll be right back." She put her hand on Grogek's chest. "You're not allowed to kill your brother."

Grogek grinned. "Yes, love." He walked over to Jordan and smacked him on the back of the head. "I'll settle for that."

Jordan winced and rubbed his head. "I deserve it. Tuly, you want a shot?"

"No, thank you. Though I seriously debated it."

Elunara came back with a large, wrapped package. She handed it to Jordan. "I was going to give this to you earlier... You know, before you decided to be a dick."

He winced. "Sorry." He tugged the paper off and gasped in shock. It was him, in five different poses. He ran his hand over the glass. "This is like Tuly's." 

"Do you like it? I've been working on it ever since that day..."

He sat it on the bed and stood up, before wrapping his arms around her waist. "I love it." He kissed her. "In fact, I've always been a little jealous of Tuly's." He picked it up and stared at it. "Is that really me?"

Elunara giggled. "Duh."

"Oh, that's amazing." Tulani ran her hand on the frame. "Where will you put it up?"

"This is so going over my bed!"

Grogek bent over. "Very impressive, my love."

Elunara gave Jordan a cat smile. "See? There's something you have that Grogek doesn't." She winked at Grogek, who just grinned.

Jordan stuck his tongue out. "Cute. I want it up now."

"I'll get my tools." Elunara laughed. 

He wrapped his arms around her waist and stared at his picture on the wall. "Should I feel weird that it's you who handles the tools?"

She snorted. "Sweetheart, I handle your tool all the time."

With a laugh, he licked her neck. "I'm so, so sorry for how I acted."

"You WERE pretty bad... I should invent some creative way to punish you." She considered. "Another time perhaps. I do know how you can make it up to me." She grinned. 

"Anything." 

"Well, I wasn't quite done when you decided to pitch your fit." She wiggled out of her pants and sat on the edge of the bed. She spread her legs out and grinned. "Well? Make a good job of it."
