 "Ina!" Elunara walked into the healer building. "I need to borrow you."

"Ack. You'll have to wait. I'm in the middle of a difficult delivery." 

"Oh, fine." Elunara stuck her hand in the door and put it on the shoulder on the woman. Flooding the woman with her energy, she waited as Ina finished her work.

"See, now, that is exactly why I wish you'd come down more often." Ina snorted.

"You really are a goddess." The woman marveled. 

"Yeah, yeah." She waved her hand. "I need your help planning a birthday party."

"You know, there are services..."

"Yeah, but none like you. Besides, I conned Varian into loaning me the Keep for a few hours, and I wanted to do a special double birthday for Darguni and Bradly."

"Fine, on the agreement that you come help me with the next five difficult births."

"Ugh, fine. I'll be on retainer for when you need me. Acceptable?"

"Done."

"You... are truly a goddess." The woman reached out.

"See? This is exactly why I don't." Elunara pushed the woman's hand down. 

She swung by Jenny and Mark's place. "How are my babies?"

Jenny sighed and laid her head on her table. "I'm SO TIRED. I do and I do, but there's just too much to do and then I'm exhausted." She put her arms under her chin. "They're sleeping now. Everyone wants to try and tell me to sleep when they sleep, but..."

"That's complete and utter bullshit."

"Exactly." Jenny raised a tired arm and pointed. 

Elunara checked the time. "I've got a few extra hours today, how about I sit, while you sleep?"

"Oh, sleep sounds so amazing right now, but I just can't seem to."

"Come on, let's get you in bed. I bet you could use a nice back rub."

"Oh, that sounds so lovely." 

Elunara took Jenny's arm and wrapped it around her shoulders, as she led Jenny back to the bed.

"It's been..." Jenny yawned. "It's been nice, having some help from Zelinnia, but she has..." Jenny yawned again. "Her own two."

Elunara laid Jenny in the bed and began to massage her back. Jenny groaned in pleasure. After a little while, Jenny was asleep and Elunara sat in the babies' room, working on her commissions. 

Mark jogged into the room and blinked at her. "Oh."

"Hey, I was just giving Jenny a break."

He rubbed the back of his neck. "I've been trying to take quick breaks and give her some time off, but she's still not 100%. You know."

"Yeah. I know. Hey, have you heard any... snarky or rude things about Grogek or Jordan lately?"

"No more than the usual new moron who thinks they understand the situation. Why?"

"Hm, Jordan's been kind of grumpy lately. He told me he overheard something, but refuses to pin down where."

"Ugh, is this that Zelinnia thing all over again?" Mark rubbed his neck as he sat down.

"Not sure. The comments want to claim that he's not really my husband."

"Ouch. Well, anybody who knows a damned thing; knows the truth. He's just as much your husband as Grogek is."

Elunara smiled. "Thanks for that." 

"It's true though. Just because your family is the actual definition of weird, doesn't make you guys any less of a family." Mark shrugged. 

The babies began to cry. "Well, let's see if we can get them back to sleep without needing momma." Elunara sighed. 

Bradly bounced back and forth between his feet. "FOR REAL?"

"For real."

"That's so cool!" Darguni spun in circles. 

"Now, be reasonable with who you invite. Don't invite people just to show off. If they weren't your friend before, they don't deserve your party now."

"Let's go make a list!"

"Yeah!"

They ran to their room.

Jordan giggled. "Only you can pull off a child's birthday party in the Keep."

"It pays to be a kept pet." She winked.

"Yeah, like I believe that one." He snorted. 

"Ina's agreed to organize it, on the promise that I'll be on call for her next few complicated births."

"Ouch."

"A price I'm willing to pay to make their eleventh birthday the best ever." 

He ran his hands over her hips. "You're a good momma."

"Damned right I am."

"We got the list!" Bradly held up a sheet of paper.

Elunara scanned through. "This is acceptable, take it to Ina." 

"Right!" They were out the door like a shot. 

Varian leaned against the door. "I must have been out of my mind when I agreed to this."

"I'm just surprised Anduin has gotten so involved." Elunara tapped her fingers on her leg, before she sighed. "I forgot about that."

"About?"

"The fact that he didn't really get birthday parties..."

"Oh." Varian sighed. "Oh."

She put a hand on his chest. "I know that look. Don't let it get to you. He needs this as much as my boys do. But, none of it was your fault."

"For the sake of my son, I should get out there and make the most of it." 

"I'm so sorry for hurting you." 

"No, it's fine. I should have thought of it." 

"Please don't hurt yourself over my words." She begged.

He smiled and brushed her hair out of her face. "No. I think you just gave me another way to understand him."

A different morning, several days later, Elunara winced at the knocking on the door. She curled up under Varian's arm. "Damn... and I thought I was going to sleep in late today."

He chuckled as he tightened his grip. "Enter!"

"Father, I... Oh." Anduin sighed. "Why am I surprised?" He held up his hands and rolled his eyes. 

"You know, Anduin..." She sighed and propped up on her elbows. "I really wish you didn't dislike me so much. Don't go all dignified on me, I'm not stupid. Forgive me if I refuse to give up on loving your dad, just because you feel squicky about it. And I don't even care what you think of my family. So we're not traditionalists, sue us. I love Grogek with all of my soul, I love Tulani with all of my heart, I love Jordan in ways you can't possibly understand, and I love Varian. It's been a LONG and difficult road to even understand what the living fuck "love" actually is, and I'm quite happy with my definition of it. 

I won't even take the time to be insulted by the fact you won't even TRY to understand us. You're so neck deep in your own false sense of superiority, that you fail to see what is right in front of you. So damned what if my body is just a tool that I can use to my advantage, so what if other people enjoy how I use said tool." She sat up and put her hand on Varian's chest. "Yeah, I'm naked; yeah, I fucked him last night. Look past the obvious, and grow the fuck up." 

She climbed out of bed, marched over to the dresser, yanked out some clothes, and climbed into the window. "Fuck you very much." She jumped. 

"I..." Anduin blinked.

Varian sat up and rubbed his neck. "Well, she's pissed off."

Elunara pounded her head against the post. "Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit."

"What in the world are you doing in here?" Tulani stuck her head in the door. "My client could hear you cussing up a storm."

"I just lost my temper on Anduin, in front of Varian. And you know how I get when I'm on a tear..."

"You don't remember half of what you just said, and it probably wasn't nice."

"Oh, I know it wasn't. That little shit has been viciously judging me since I landed my ass here, and I had had enough of it. I mean, hell, a few weeks ago, he was all smiles and shit because he finally got to experience a birthday party, yet this morning, is "Oh. Her. Again." In that prissy little way of his. UGH! I just want to slap the little brat." At the knock on the door, Elunara winced. "Shit. That'll be Varian."

Tulani nodded and closed her door.

Elunara yanked open the front door and blinked.

"I've come to apologize." Anduin sighed.

"Uh, come in?" She stepped back. With a sigh, she ran her fingers through her hair. "I need my board, hold on." 

"Whatever for?"

"To keep my hands busy." She gestured to the chair. Snatching her board, she went and sat down on the couch. "Alright, talk."

"You can be very abrasive."

"Honey, the more occupied my hands are, the less likely I am to do something I might regret."

He sighed. "I'm sorry. You are correct, in the fact that I have been very judgmental of you since you arrived, and it's not fair of me. You must understand my situation..."

"Your parents gone, you were left with a babysitter who turned out to be Onyxia, who tried to use you as a puppet to further her goals, until a band of adventurers figured it out and brought her bitch ass down. Your dad finally comes back from wherever he was trapped, and he's not the man you recognize, but you try to love him anyway. Then this whore, who can't keep her legs shut, has taken his affections again, and now you're not certain if she's out for blood, or a good bang. Either way, she's in YOUR way."

"Uh." He rubbed the back of his head. "That's it in a nutshell." He winced. "I wouldn't have worded it that way..."

"Your father once told me that I was a little scary in how I cut through the bullshit to the truth of the matter. It's one of my gifts."

"Hmm." He coughed. "Anyway, you seem to have the whole city locked up, and the faction leaders all see something in you... and Onyxia was just as charismatic. It's more than a little disturbing."

"I was in that raid that brought down Onyxia. Took forty of us crazy fuckers, but we did it."

"I was not aware of that." 

"Eh, I didn't return to Stormwind at the time, I had a task in Theramore, and I just jumped on the "let's go kill a dragon" bandwagon. After the raid, I bailed. 

"Hmm." He considered her words.

"I've been a mission specialist for thirty years. I was one of the best, and you can talk to Mathias if it would help. For nearly thirty five years of my life, I believed my emotions were dead and that I was not capable of love. Even when I brought Grogek back to camp, I was intent on using him for what I wanted, and killing him. He worked on me for months, trying to make me see how much he loved me, how I was capable of love. At every turn, I questioned... not him, but myself. 

I know it's impossible for someone like you to understand this crazy whore. But, I found love, I began to understand love, and suddenly, I realized that it had been staring me in the face all along. Suddenly, I realized that people could actually be my friend, that I was capable of giving myself to others. As weird as it is, I love your father, just like he was one of my own. Now, we both know that this relationship can't go beyond what it is, and we're happy with that. Truly happy. I've never known grouchy old Varian to be anything but stern and grumpy. Now, I see him smile, I see him light up at things, to enjoy things, to think of them in a different way. You can't deny him that."

"No." Anduin sighed. "I guess I can't. I know it was you who made him approach me at the party..."

"I didn't make him do anything. All I did, was mention that you never got a real birthday party while he was away." She said quietly. 

Anduin flushed. "I..." He stood up. "I have to go."

"Wait." When he stopped and frowned, she handed him the sheet. "You're a cute kid. Pity he missed so much of it."

Anduin grabbed the paper and fled.

Elunara sat on the platform, just drawing for the fun of it.

"Momma! Momma, come quick! Yoona's acting weird again!"

"Damn, is it time already?" She ran back to the house. Yoona was pacing circles, hissing at Savage. Elunara grabbed him around the neck. "Alright, worried papa. It's time to get out." She dragged him out of the house. "Boys, I need you to go down to the docks, get on the boat to Darnassus, and go get mother. Tell her Yoona's about to have her kits. She'll know what to do."

"Right!" Darguni nodded. 

"Can we ride Savage?" Bradly asked. 

"Only if he lets you. Now, go!"

Back inside, she ran her hands over Yoona's belly. "Oh, yeah, those babies want to be born."

Soon, a man came in. "Is the cat outside the father?"

"Oh, yeah."

"Man, these are going to be some gorgeous kits when their colors come in."

"If they're all born correctly, you can have one." She laughed. "Not sure what I'm going to do with eight of the little buggers."

He froze, hands just reaching out. "You can tell how many there are?"

"I can feel their little heartbeats."

"Wow, it's kind of rare for someone to be able to do that." He laid his own hands on the laboring cat.

"Elunara is very special." Tyrande smiled from the door.

"Mother, I didn't expect you to come."

"Oh, any excuse to visit my favorite family."

It took several hours, but finally, Jerico checked the final kit. "Three boys and five girls. Not a bad haul for a mount."

"Apparently Savage has some staying power." Elunara laughed. "Well, he is mine." She opened the door and Savage bolted in. 

"Shit!" Jerico stuck his hands out. "You don't want the male in so quickly, as..." He stared down at Savage curling up to Yoona and grooming her head. "Well, sometimes the wild males kill the kits. We use them for breeding because they make excellent stock, but we let em loose after. Looks like that's not a problem here."

"Savage is a total sweetheart. I'd be more worried about Yoona killing them in her stupidity." Elunara sighed. "I'll monitor them all constantly for the next few days. Make sure she's doing what she's supposed to."

"Tyrande has already paid me to do that. Hope you don't mind."

"As long as you honor my signs and strange requests."

He cocked his head to the side. "Oh?"

"I run a sexual therapy practice. I teach people how to enjoy sex. And/or help them fulfill their crazy fantasies."

He stared at her. "Well, then."

"Yes, my daughter is a strange one." Tyrande put a hand to her own head. "Jerico will stay with you for a couple of months. When he's certain the kits are where they need to be, he'll just do check ins."

"By time they're old enough to go to their new owners, you won't see me. I'll help you place them as well." 

"I'll get one of my spare beds and toss it in here for you, then."

Elunara whistled as she finished adding to the fine details. She'd wrap this one up tomorrow. A pounding on the door had her jolting. When she opened the door, she was surprised to have arms wrapped around her. 

"Vivi?"

"Oh Gods, Elunara, its awful!" Vivi's face was stained with tears. 

"Come on, sit down, and you can tell me all about it."

Vivi curled up against Elunara. "Linal's dead, and I can't do anything about it!" She wailed. 

"Oh, Vivi..." Elunara tugged the woman into her lap.

"We... we've been working for the SI:7 and we got assigned to Twilight Highlands... you know how the cultists never stop."

"Oh, yeah, I've been out there a few times."

She sniffled. "We got found out... One of the cultists recognized us from somewhere, who knows where... and they... fed Linal to the dragons. They ripped him apart while I watched." She whispered in horror. "I don't know what they planned for me, but I escaped." Vivi sobbed on Elunara's shoulder. "And I just found out I'm pregnant!" She cried. "I never got to tell him!" She buried her face in Elunara's shirt. 

"Oh, Vivi. You can stay as long as you need, OK? In fact I have a room I'm not us–"

The door opened and Jerico came out holding a month old kit. "I'm sorry, I know I wasn't supposed to come out, but I thought I heard... Vivi!" He gasped.

She lifted her head. "Jerico?"

"Vivi! It IS you! What's wrong, why are you crying?"

Vivi got up and wrapped her arms around Jerico. "Linal's dead!"

"Oh, Gods, no. Hold on, let me put the kit back with its mother, and we can talk more."

Vivi clung to Jerico as he went back in the kit room and closed the door.

Elunara blinked at the door, hands still in the air. "Well, that apparently took care of itself." 

Vivi sighed. "I'm a horrible person."

Elunara looked up from her dishes. "Why?"

Vivi rubbed an absent hand on her belly. "Because my husband wasn't dead a month, and then I've spent the last month in the bed of another." She twirled a finger in her hair. "I might even love him."

"Sweetie, I'm the wrong person to be having this conversation with. Because I don't see anything wrong with finding comfort in the arms of another, especially one who is willing to claim your baby as his own. Personally, I think you should snatch him up, just so long as you absolutely KNOW he's not just a replacement."

"I still love Linal. I wish I could have saved him."

"Your baby is part of him. You will always have your baby. Take Jerico to that little apartment you shared with Linal. See how he FEELS in the same space. Figure it out from there. I know this made you quit the SI:7, and quite frankly, I'll pave your way there. Maybe you should go back to Darnassus. I mean, his work is usually there, try to see how you feel being back there. You have to do these little trial and error things, just to figure out where you should go, and how you want to live the rest of your life."

Vivi sighed again. "This is why you were always the superior agent. You thought of these things."

"By the way, I've already decided..."

"Hmm?"

"I'm letting you have one of the kits if you want it."

"Really?" Vivi's eyes went wide. "But..."

"That's my decision. Of course, you don't get first pick, but still."

"You want ME to have one of them?" Zelinnia blinked. 

"In fact, I'm giving you first pick. Well, first after I decide on one, but yes." She grinned. "You ARE my best friend, aren't you?"

Zelinnia just stood there, completely speechless. 

"You can always say no. I'm told that, once people get a look at the beautiful colors on my kitties, I'll have a waiting list."

"But, I don't know the first thing about raising a saber cat." 

"I'll help you, and we can raise our little kits together." 

"I... guess."

"Come look at them, they're difficult not to love."

"I will later. I JUST got the kids to sleep."

"How's that going?"

"Easier." Zelinnia flopped down on the couch. "Wish I'd had a break between the two, but what can you do?" 

"Want a back massage?"

"Boy, do I."

"Come on, let's get you naked."

Renwa pushed the bedroom door open. "You know, I think I'll just sit here and watch."

Elunara laughed. "Might as well get your dick out, I just got started, and she needs the works."

"Waaaaay ahead of you." He flopped down in the chair and tugged himself out. 

Rolling her eyes, Elunara went back to working the kinks out of Zelinnia's back. "Should I just get naked too?" She laughed. 

"Might as well." Groaned Zelinnia. 

"Ah, hell with it." Elunara got undressed and climbed back on Zelinnia's back. "Good lord woman, you're a mess. Do I have to teach Renwa how to take care of you?"

"No, he does a good job; it's the whole... two babies at once thing. Now that Abigail is nearing three, she's even more of a pain, and Nara's starting to really get mobile."

"Maybe I should come give you energy shots." 

"Oh, that'd be lovely."

"Geez, your ass is tense." Elunara worked on the muscles. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted Renwa getting undressed. 

"You know..." He began. "I saw Grogek do this once..." 

"Do whaaaaa?!" Zelinnia gasped as he licked her. 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Zelinnia, and pressed her crotch against the other woman's ass. Renwa grinned and licked from bottom to top. 

"You know, it works better if Zelinnia would turn over." Elunara shifted off of the other woman. 

Zelinnia turned over and wrapped her arms and legs with Elunara's, as they pressed their crotches together; Renwa began to lick the both of them. 

"Yeah, I envy the hell out of that orc." Renwa groaned. He buried a pair of fingers into Elunara and licked his wife. He slid one finger in, and rubbed around, before slipping the second in. "That's my beauty." He murmured, before licking around his fingers. Pumping his fingers into both women, he groaned. "Gods, you're both soaking wet."

"Fuck me." Whimpered Zelinnia. 
