 He followed the sound of singing. Once he got upstairs, he froze by the baby's room.

"That's my little lovely." Elunara laid the baby in the crib. "There you are, nice and clean, and ready for yet another nap." She sighed and tucked the blanket around the small form. "I'm sorry your daddy is being a bit of a foof. He's just dealing with a lot right now. I'm sure he'll come around soon enough." She rubbed Lulu's little hand. "I know in my heart, that he'll love you just the same, he's just got to work past that knot in his head. I swear... if that little bitch was still alive, I'd make what I did to Terrance look kind." She sighed. "No negativity. She doesn't exist anymore."

Elunara began to sing again. She leaned against the crib, baby's hand in her own, just singing. "Don't worry, my sweet little lovely, I'll make it okay. You just sleep now." She backed out of the room and quietly closed the door. 

"You sing so beautifully."

Elunara jolted back. "Shit. Don't scare me like that."

"I figured you knew I was here." Jordan ran his fingers through his hair. 

"I... got involved." She rolled her eyes. 

"I'm sorry."

"Meh." She waved him away. "It's fine."

"No. I mean I'm sorry I've... not tried harder."

Elunara placed her hand on his cheek. "You take what you need."

"Tired of being told that." He slid his hands across her hips. "However, at the moment, what I need... is you."

Soft and slow, he pressed his mouth to hers. One hand came up, and threaded through her hair, while his other gripped her hip. He led her to his room, their bodies tangling with each other as they moved. He tugged up her shirt and tossed it to the floor, before pressing her pants to the ground. He knelt and kissed the soft hairs above her soft folds. He slipped his fingers through, before standing again. 

She took off his shirt and kissed his chest, as she let the garment fall to the floor. Kissing her way down, she tugged of his pants and kissed her way down his erection, pressing her lips at the base of it as he groaned. When she stood back up, he laid her into the bed, before climbing between her legs. 

Sitting on his knees, he tugged her legs around his waist, and slid her soft folds on the underside of his erection. Gently, he bucked his hips, and watched the length of him slide against and between those slick, wet folds. He ran his hands across her belly. "You may not have given birth..." He whispered. "But you are still the mother to my child."

"Oh, Jordan." She breathed, as she held out her arms. 

He shifted and buried himself into her waiting wetness, as his mouth captured hers. Their bodies writhed, the soft skin brushing against each other, as they twisted and pumped against one another. His fingers threaded through her hair, brushed her cheeks, caressed her neck, as they work their way around. With a sighing groan, she clamped down on him, and he gave himself to her.

Elunara curled up, under Jordan's arm. "I'm thinking of taking Lulu to see Mother tomorrow. She needs to know about her newest surprise Grandchild."

"Yeah, I guess she does." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Do we have to tell her?"

"Tyrande Whisperwind did not get where she is by being an uncontrollable gossip. I would like for her to know the truth."

"Fine." He ran his fingers through her hair and watched the strands fall. "I'll go with you."

"Aw, but we want to go." Darguni pouted. 

"How about this? I will plan a trip, just the three of us, to all the capitols. Just like I did with Tulani."

"Yeah!" Bradly bounced. 

"That sounds cool!" 

"Geez, Elunara. How many more kids are you going to have?" The boat master snorted.

"However many I wind up with." She shrugged. 

Jordan looked around. "It's been ages since I've been here." He took her hand. "Not really a reason important enough to make it out."

"Well, Mother should be in the Temple, as usual." 

They attracted a fair amount of attention on their way up. Jordan ducked his head. 

"Stand tall my love. For in their eyes, you're the husband of a Goddess." She winked. 

"You only use that when it suits you."

"Damned straight. So, live up to your position."

"Elunara! This is quite the..." Tyrande trailed off as she stared at the baby in the sling. 

"Mother, can we have a private room? Away from ears?"

"Yes, of course."

Elunara leaned over "You need to decide if it's alright that Malfurion know."

"Might as well." Jordan grumbled. 

Tyrande sat heavily in a chair. "Oh. Oh, dear. I don't know who to feel worse for."

"Quite unfortunate indeed." Malfurion frowned. 

"May I see her?"

Elunara transferred Lulu out of the sling and into Tyrande's arms. 

"Again I see your endless compassion." Tyrande sighed. 

"The way she looks at us." Murmured Malfurion. "As if she knows something important."

Elunara reached out and took the child. "She'll be a beauty when she grows up."

"You're a good man, Jordan." Tyrande smiled kindly. 

"I am not!" He gestured away. "I'm SO fucking sick of being told that!" Jordan grabbed his head with his hands. "My WIFE is a good person. Not me. I just agreed to the damned thing, and Elunara's done all the work. I haven't even TRIED to understand this. I just let Elunara do everything, while I hide in a corner. I only agreed because I didn't want to disappoint my wife."

"I didn't want Darguni either." Elunara said quietly.

"What?"

"Did no one tell you about that?" Lulu began to fuss, so Elunara began the process of nursing her. "I pitched a temper tantrum, and wanted to end the pregnancy. However, between Tulani's inability to have a child, with a complete desire for one... and Grogek's desire for a child, yet our differences... I gave in. For seven months of my life, I was just damned ANGRY that I'd let them talk me into this intrusion of my body. I hated every minute of it. So much so, that I was worried I'd never be able to love my own child. Yet, here we are."

"I... didn't know that."

"Then to find out that I could nurse this child, and not the one I gave birth to? You know how cruel of a slap in the face THAT was? You have no possible clue how much that hurt me. But still, I found a place for our little Lulu in my heart. The capacity is there Jordan; you just have to let it."

He laid his face on her shoulder. "I'm so sorry."

"You've been doling out so many apologies lately, that I don't even know which ones to trust. Do you?" Elunara rubbed her cheek against Jordan's head. "You know how much I hate false apologies. You're so busy shouldering a blame that doesn't exist, you're weighing yourself down. Just stop it already."

"I don't know how."

"Repeat after me... It's not my fault."

"But..."

"Repeat." She commanded.

"It's not my fault."

"It's not my fault."

"It's not my fault." He straightened up. 

"It's not Lulu's fault."

"It's not Lulu's fault."

"Lulu is not my reminder."

"Lulu..." He sighed. "Lulu is not my reminder."

"It's not my fault." 

"It's not my fault."

She leaned forward and brushed her lips on his. "Just repeat all of that until you can accept it as truth."

He wrapped his arms around her. "I'm sorry. And I mean it this time. I'm so sorry I've been living in my own head."

She ran her fingers through his hair. "Believe me, your mind can be a very dark place to live. You have to come out into the light, or you'll wither away."

"You and your sayings."

"Your little girl needs you. As much as everyone is willing to be there for us, you have to be willing to be there more."

He nodded and pressed his forehead to Elunara's. "You'll keep me straight."

"Damned right I will. Now, hold her." Elunara held out the baby. "And get started on bonding."

"Elunara, do you make everyone cry as much as me?" Tyrande wiped her cheek. 

Elunara thought for a moment. "Mostly Ina, and Linda, but yeah. People keep breaking out the waterworks on me."

"Well, if you'd stop doing nice things." Jordan laughed. 

"It's good to hear you laugh again, my love." Elunara kissed his cheek. 

"Just last week, she was faced with another newborn with no family, and she turns around and convinces a childless couple to take him on."

"Eh, Chrissy wanted a baby." Elunara shrugged. 

Jordan shook his head and laughed. "This is what I live with." 

"You make it sound like a chore." She rolled her eyes. 

Jordan sighed down at the baby in his arms. "She's asleep."

"Then keep holding her." Elunara shrugged. "I didn't bring a crib of any sort." 

"Oh." He sat down.

"You know, when I was finally freed from the Emerald Dream, I heard all about "the shame of Darnassus". I'm glad that person no longer exists." Malfurion smiled. 

Elunara stretched her back as the boat came to the dock in Stormwind. "I'm so going to need a back massage."

"I'm so sorry I haven't tried to help with the baby. I mean, I come over and try to help you, but..." He shrugged.

"Well, you can try now." She kissed his cheek. 

"Hey Elunara!"

She sighed. "What now?" She muttered.

Jerry and Louis stopped dead in front of her. "Listen..." Jerry began. "With all of the babies and stuff going around, we were kind of wondering..."

"If maybe we could... get in on this?"

"Not like, BABY, baby, but maybe..."

"We were thinking we could... sponsor a kid from the orphanage."

"You know, pay for stuff they need, give them a place..."

"With us. And if it works out, maybe we could..."

"Adopt." They said at the same time.

"That's actually a brilliant idea." Elunara blinked. "Let's go talk to Matron Nightingale."

The woman put a hand to her chest. "Oh, that's a marvelous idea. Even taking assistance for ONE child would leave so much room for the others."

Louis shuffled his feet. "Is there one that seems to get picked on? Cause, we could help."

Nightingale put a hand to her cheek. "Well, let me think. You know, Bryan holds himself away from the others most often. Perhaps you can help him."

"Bryan?" 

"Yeth?"

"Could you come here please?"

"Yeth mith Night..." 

"Bryan, these nice men are Jerry and Louis, and they'd like to speak you."

"Do I hafta?"

"Uh, hey." Jerry smiled. "We were hoping to sponsor a kid, and basically pay for your stuff." He scratched the back of his neck.

Elunara smacked a hand to her forehead. "Hey, Kiddo. My friends here would like to help you out. We all know how awful it is to be stuck here like you are, and they were just hoping to make it a little more tolerable. Perhaps, if you're happy with them, you could even look at getting adopted."

"No one wantth me." Bryan sighed. "I have a bad mouf, and I canna alk nomal."

"Well, shit, let me look at you." Elunara put her hands on either side of his cheeks and closed her eyes. "Oh, I see. It didn't grow right."

"No." Bryan shuffled his feet.

"Well, let me try."

"Twy whut?"

She closed her eyes and focused her energy. It took a bit of effort, but she was able to do a fair amount of work.

Bryan jolted back. "What was THAT?" He blinked and ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth. "I can talk!" He whispered. 

"Damn, Elunara." Jerry laughed. "You really are a goddess."

"I will smack you. Don't think I won't." She warned.

"Oh, wow." Bryan bounced up and down. "Thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

"Now that we've dealt with that... how about you give my friends a shot?"

"Anything you want, lady!" He rubbed his cheeks. "Oh, man, I've been made fun of my whole life over that. Then when..." Tears filled his eyes. "Then when my parents died... I had nobody."

"My kids better not have made fun of you; I will bust their asses so hard they'll think Grommash drop kicked them."

"Who are your kids?" Bryan cocked his head to the side. 

"Darguni and Bradly."

"The orc kid?" He flushed. "I mean, is he the orc?"

"Half orc, half night elf."

"Oh. No, they've tried to be nice to me." Bryan twiddled his fingers. "I... I was expecting them to do something awful to me, so I avoided them." 

"Not a chance." She put her hands on her hips. "They were raised under the belief that weird is the best. They only wanted to help you." She smiled. "The little girl they run with? Lydia? She was born with bad legs. I fixed her too."

"You're the coolest." He breathed.

"Yeah, and my friends here were trained by me. I was their commanding officer back in Draenor. They too were looking for someone to help. You should give them a shot. You might like them."

"Sure, I'm cool with that." Bryan stuck his hands in his pockets. 

"Good job." Elunara turned and walked off, whistling. 

"I saw what you did."

"Oh, hey Jine."

Jine stepped out of the shadows. "They speak of your unwavering kindness, but..."

"I had to rearrange the kid's face a bit." She shrugged. "Wouldn't have happened any other way."

"If I wanted to... sponsor a kid... would you pave the way for me?"

"Of course."

"Then I'll give it some thought." Jine vanished into the shadows.

Elunara stepped in the house and grinned at Jordan. "Survive ok?"

"I'm doing just fine, thank you." He stuck his tongue out. 

"Good, because I don't want to have to eventually explain to my little girl, why daddy freaks out every time she's around." Elunara brushed a hand down Lulu's back. 

"Ouch."

"Tulani is already working on an army of little dresses." Elunara sighed. 

"How'd it go at the orphanage?"

"I had to heal a little boy, but he's agreed to give Jerry and Louis a shot."

Jordan rubbed a hand on her leg. "You're so sweet."

"This time I get to blame Bradly. I would have never given an orphan a thought else wise."

As if on cue, Bradly and Darguni burst in the door. 

"Hey, be a little quieter. You never know when Lulu might be sleeping."

"Sorry, Momma." They said in unison. 

"We just heard what you did!" Bradly bounced.

"Yeah, you fixed Bryan."

"We tried to get him to play with us before,"

"But he was always rude."

"We figured he just got picked on so much,

"That he was afraid we would too."

"But you fixed him!"

"And now he wants to play!" 

"Can he come to our next sleepover?"

"Yeah, sure." Elunara laughed. 

"Yeay!" They both cried.

Bradly climbed on the couch. "Hi, Lulu."

Darguni leaned over the back of the couch. "Ha! She's chewing on her fist."

"Yeah, they do that. You did that." Elunara reached over and poked Darguni in the side. "You slobbered every damned where. I had to change my shirt constantly."

"I was probably the same." Bradly said quietly.

"Sorry sweetie, I don't know anything about you before you were seven. Not a conversation I could have had."

"It's ok." Bradly sighed. "At least I didn't have to wait at the orphanage for you to find, or claim me."

"There ya go."

"Does this mean you're ok with Lulu now, dad?" Bradly rubbed Lulu's back. 

"We're getting there." He reached over and tousled Bradly's hair. "We'll make it work."

"Good. Cause I like my little sister." Bradly kissed Lulu's head. 

"I do too." Darguni repeated the act. 

"Come on, let's go play." Bradly bolted out of the house.

Darguni gave a dramatic sigh. "Sometimes, I wish he'd slow down." He ran out. 

Elunara almost choked. 

"Well, then." Jordan laughed. 

"Well, like their dads, Darguni is built for power and endurance. Bradly is speed and agility." She shook her head. "I can't wait to see them as adults in the training yard. They'll be carbon copies of you two."

"That's rather freaky... given the circumstances."

Elunara shrugged. "That night that Bradly ran into the wilds? He should NOT have gotten as far, as FAST as he did. He should have died over and over again, but he dodged everything and kept right on running."

"Damn."

"He navigated that terrain like a pro. Sure, he took some amateur turns, and Elune only knows how he survived, but damn that kid is special. Darguni is special because of his parentage... he'll be a beast in the ring. I can't wait to see how much of each of us he gets. I can already see the bulk and muscle definition of Grogek in that child. I mean, think about how big Grogek is compared to a normal orc. He's twice the fucking size!" She shook her head. "I seriously cannot wait."

"Honestly, I'd say Grogek is about two and a half of any other orc." Jordan laughed. "I should know; I've killed quite a few."

"I'd agree with that statement. I should know; I've fucked quite a few." She winked. 

"Of course." Jordan rolled his eyes. "Maybe we should consider focus work on the two of them. Really bring out that potential."

"Something to discuss with Grogek."

Lulu began to fuss. "Well, I guess she's done with me."

"Probably just hungry... again."

They strolled, hand in hand, as Elunara carried the baby. "This has probably been eating into your life, with all your trips home."

"Well, not much for me to do at this time." He sighed. "I know you haven't done your track team since this started."

"Eh, it's fine. Besides, if those kids haven't figured out how to run, I don't know what do with them."

"Miss Elunara?"

"Yeah, Lydia?"

"Can I see the baby?"

"Sure." Elunara moved the blanket back. 

"Hm. She just looks like a baby to me."

Elunara laughed. "Whatever does that mean?" She tucked the blanket back in the sling.

"Well, the boys said she was the most beautiful... And I heard a coupla adults say... well, less than nice things. I was just trying to figure out why there was a difference."

Elunara flinched. "Love coats all things. When you love someone, or something, that thing gets better. Prettier, bigger, nicer, and all of those good things. When you don't love something, it can be confusing as to why someone else does. Those adults just don't know better, because they accepted her as something foul, before trying to figure out if she can be loved."

Lydia nodded. "That makes sense."

"So, what adult said these negative things?"

"Just a couple of the other parents." Lydia fidgeted. "They were saying..." She furrowed her brow. "Filth. That's the word."

Elunara felt Jordan shaking. She shook her head. "Thank you for telling me. Don't take negativity at face value. The cruel only know cruelty. My baby will never be what anyone wants to make of her." She ran her fingers through Lydia's hair. "Remember what they said of you? We fixed that one; didn't we?"

Lydia grinned. "Yeah."

"No matter what, Lulu is mine. It matters not what other people believe."

"Can I walk with you?"

"Sure." Elunara took Jordan's hand. "We're just out for some sun and exercise." 

"I heard about how you fixed Bryan's mouth."

"I can't help myself." Elunara shrugged. 

"You're always so nice. It's stupid that people would be mean to you."

"Because they refuse to know me."

"Stupid." Lydia slipped her hand into Elunara's. "You made momma cry, AGAIN."

"Oh, what now?"

"When you claimed Jordan's baby as your own, even though she was an accident."

"She is Jordan's, therefore mine. Besides, it was my oversight that caused this mess. Why wouldn't I?"

"Oversight?"

"I didn't realize it could get this far."

"Ah." 

Darguni and Bradly stopped side them.

"Hi, Lydia." Bradly said shyly.

"Hey guys." Lydia tugged her hand free and put them behind her back.

"Hey, Lydia, we're going to go down to the amphitheater and have a singing competition, want to go?" Darguni bounced.

"Alright."

"Momma, you should come!" Bradly bounced. 

"Sure, why not." 

One of the kids stopped. "Why did SHE come?" He gestured to Lydia. "It would be unfair for her to compete."

"I won't compete." Lydia shrugged. "I'll be a judge."

"That's not fair either." Snorted another kid. "She'll just vote for Darguni or Bradly."

"I would not." Lydia put her hands on her hips. 

"Why don't you little doofuses just sing; and we'll figure out who is playing favorites?" Elunara sat in the front row. She watched each kid take a turn. "Hey, Bryan, why don't you get up there?"
