 "Elunara, you are a genius!" Zelinnia sighed. 

"Don't tell her that, it'll go to her head!"

Elunara raised a hand "Someone point me at Mayby so I can whack her."

They laid under the shady trees, children asleep in the center blankets.

"Ugh, the only rest I get, is when Elunara comes by and forces me to sleep." Jenny sighed. "No idea how you function with three." 

Mayby snorted. "Four in five months. The hell was I thinking?"

"I like having sex with my husband?" Elunara suggested. 

"Damned right."

Chrissy laughed. "At least I finally have a baby." 

"Lucky bitch." Mayby snorted. "Didn't have to go through labor or nothing."

"Damned right." Chrissy mimicked Mayby.

"Hey, do you think they have a procedure to stop you from getting pregnant, permanently?" Mayby rubbed her belly. "I don't think I could handle it if I got knocked up again, and I can't remember that drink every time."

"Elunara does." Zelinnia yawned. "I highly recommend it."

Chrissy popped her head up. "You had it done?"

"Yeah. Worth it."

"What's that?" Jenny frowned. 

"Well, I wasn't conscious for it..."

"No." Jenny pointed in the air. "That."

Elunara frowned. "It looks like a mount..." Her eyes went wide. "Shit! The babies!" She jumped up and ran over. 

The other women scrambled to get up and grab their own children. Elunara stood her ground, knowing full well that there were just too many children. Not sure what to do, she held up her hands. The creature spotted them at the last moment and forcibly corrected itself to the side. She watched it slam through the trees, scrambling for purchase. It came to a stop in a clearing. Elunara stepped around the children and walked up to it.

"Is that a skyreaver?" Zelinnia frowned. "I've only ever seen adventurers with those things."

"It's badly injured. See the blood pouring from both mouths?" She reached out and pushed her energy towards the creature as she sung in a low voice. It seemed to be calmed by her actions. 

"Who...?" 

Elunara shoved Zelinnia to the side and saved her from a dagger. Pulling her own dagger, she began to deflect the blows.

"Ugh, an Undead." Zelinnia held her nose. "I hate those guys."

"Undead Rogue, no less." Elunara fought him back. "He out for a kill?"

Zelinnia shook her head. "Hold on, my gutterspeak is rusty." She began to call out and the undead responded in short phrases. "Fuck, he's a PVPer."

"Ah. One of those." Elunara rolled her eyes. "Inform the little fuck that I'm BOSS LEVEL!"

After she repeated the comment, Zelinnia sighed. "He thinks that makes you a bigger prize."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "I'm tired of the little puke." She forced her wings out. When the undead stopped and stared, she took his head off. "Idiot." She snorted. Hefting the skull, she tossed it back onto the body, and purified the corpse with her energy. "Hah, now you can't respawn in zone."

"Hey, Elunara... the mount didn't go away."

"That's strange. Usually they dismiss." She held out her hands and approached the beast. It lowered its heads. Putting her hands on the beast, she sighed. "Oh, you poor thing." She poured her energy into the beast and tried focus on healing its insides. 

"What's wrong with it?"

"She..." Elunara cocked her head to the side. "She's smarter than she appears. I can sort of understand her." She closed her eyes, and tried to sort through the mental images projected at her. "It seems the little asshole was hovering over Stormwind, forcing her to dip in. Instead of him being hit, she was. Over and over, she took hits for him, until she fled in pain. He tried to force her back, but she ran until her heart gave out and she couldn't fly any longer. She saw the babies and tried to dodge."

"Well, shit." Zelinnia blinked. 

"Apparently, there's a history of abuse... Poor girl." Elunara rubbed one of the creature's heads. "Seems she was able to break his hold on her."

"I've never heard of that happening before."

"Me either." Elunara continued to heal the poor creature. "Can you check on Lulu for me?"

"Yeah. I need to get back to everyone."

"I'm going to see how well I can heal her and let her go." Elunara turned back to the creature. "You're a real sweetheart aren't you?" 

The creature raised one of her heads and licked Elunara's cheek. The other wrapped her neck around Elunara's waist. "Don't let us go." It seemed to say.

"Alright, alright. But you'll have to obey me."

"Anything." 

"Well, come on then." The creature bounced along behind her. 

"What in the world?" Mayby stared.

"I thought you were letting her go." Zelinnia blinked. 

"She doesn't want to." Elunara shrugged. "Sasha and Tasha, that's Zelinnia, that one is Jenny, that one is Chrissy, and that one is Mayby." She pointed around. 

"Sasha and Tasha?"

"It's her names. No idea why I thought of it." Elunara rubbed one of the heads. "That baby is mine, her name is Lulu." 

Sasha rubbed her nose on the baby, while Tasha cocked her head to the side.

"Those two are Zelinnia's, their names are Abigail and Nara." Elunara nodded. "Yes, like my name. That one is Chrissy's his name is William. Those two belong to Jenny, They're tyralu and Grodan." She turned. "Those three belong to Mayby, Timmy, Lunari, and Ella." Elunara nodded. "Also like my name."

"You can understand it?" Chrissy watched with interest.

"She, and yes." Elunara rocked her head back and forth. "It's mostly crude images, but yeah, I can interpret it." She ran her hand on one of the long necks. "Yes, you may sleep in the sun while we're out here. For the sake of simplicity, I might call you "SaTa" from time to time, ok?"

Both heads licked her hands, before bouncing off to the sun. 

"Did you just accidentally tame something else?" Zelinnia sighed. 

"Apparently." Elunara got comfy under her tree.

"Rylaks can be fiercely loyal to the one who tames them. I'm surprised such an awful person could have one." Grogek ran his hand over one of the creature's heads.

"Eh, there was a guy who tamed them and sold them to whoever had enough coin. The fuckwad probably bought her."

"Oh. That's unfortunate. There's not enough room in our house for her."

"She says she'll be happy on the roof."

"You can understand her?"

"Is it not common?"

"I've never heard of such a thing."

"Huh." 

"They're noted for their intelligence and cunning, so perhaps it's just that no one admitted to it."

"Well, she's been sending me pictures and things, and I just seem to understand what they mean." Elunara shrugged. "Should make caring for her easier." She rubbed one of the long necks. "That's fine dear; let me take off this armor." Whistling to herself, she carefully took off the armor, studying how it attached. "There ya go." 

SaTa bounced twice, before hitting the air.

"What did she say?"

"She wants to build her nest."

"Ah."

"Now, I have to figure out where to put this stuff when it's not being used. Perhaps a little shed on the side of the house."

Jordan blinked up at the creature. "Baby, don't you think you have enough to worry about?"

"I can't get rid of her at this point." Elunara sighed. "I tried."

"Grand."

"Momma! That is SO cool, what is it?"

"It's a rylak, and she's ours now." Elunara shook her head. "I'm going to go get Lulu from Zelinnia." 

"They're all asleep now." Zelinnia whispered.

"Ah." Elunara stretched. "Well, my newest pet is making a nest on the roof of my house. Something tells me I need to have it reinforced."

"Fun."

"Did Lulu give you any trouble?"

"Nah. After that first day, she seems ok with me."

"Well, I figured out that she might have felt like I was trying to be rid of her, and freaked."

"I'm so sorry she picked you..." Zelinnia wrapped her arms around Elunara. "I think I'd lose my shit if my own babies rejected me, but someone else's wanted me."

"We came to an agreement. Besides, Elune told me that I was so desperate to protect her, I altered my body. I could never have done that for Darguni, because I wasn't unlocked yet."

"So strange."

Elunara kissed the top of Zelinnia's head. "It is what it is, and she's my baby now." 

Zelinnia looked down and sighed. "Why must you chew on my dresses?"

Elunara laughed. "She's got her momma's taste for fabric." 

"That's all I need." Zelinnia scooped up the small cub. "Bad Teeny."

"Jarvy has his daddy's habit of sitting on things."

"Maybe we should put the two together." Zelinnia sighed. 

"And let him knock things down so she can chew on them? Not likely." She laughed. "I'll send a message to Jerico and see if he has any advice."

"Hey, Elunara, good to see you again."

"Hey, Jerico. Come on, Zelinnia's house is this way."

"Wow, Teeny is living up to her name. She's so small compared to the others."

"Yeah, we were hoping maybe you could tell us something."

He scratched his head. "All of the other cubs have exceeded typical size. I have no idea why this one is so far behind."

"Yeah, my Jarvy is giving his daddy a time."

"Hmm." Jerico scratched his head. "Well, I'll examine her." He sat down in the floor with the cub. "Hey, Elunara... Vivi's doing better. She wanted me to let you know. We've kind of decided that, if it's a boy, we'll name him Linal... and if it's a girl..."

Elunara held her hand up. "If ONE more person tries to name their child after me, I'm going to start charging royalties. A gold for every diaper change."

Zelinnia let out a low whistle. "That's pretty steep."

"Don't think I won't charge back royalties for giving people the damned idea."

"I did no such thing!"

Jerico licked his lips. "You're not going to be very happy then..."

"Did you already do it?" Elunara grumbled.

"Ah, no. But, uhh there's been a rise in adopts that named their kits after you, and I heard rumor that the priestesses are ordaining more babies with your name."

Elunara hit the floor. 

Zelinnia was having trouble trying to stop laughing when Elunara blinked up. 

"Ugh, not so loud."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I just can't... the mighty Elunara... felled by adoration."

"Well," Jerico cleared his throat. "They're claiming you're a living embodiment of Elune..."

"Well, they'd be wrong, because I'm my own damned goddess. Elune calls me her little sister."

Jerico blinked. "Wait, the goddess thing is true?"

"I'd ask you to kill me, but it's already proven impossible."

Zelinnia sat in the floor and continued to giggle. "BOOM goes the goddess."

"Speaking of little sisters, I will beat your ass if you don't stop laughing."

"Ooooo"

"And not in the fun way!"

"Aw." 

Jerico shook his head. "Well, Teeny appears to be healthy. I guess she's just stunted. Some of them do, you know."

Elunara climbed up out of the floor. "I need my baby, I'm going to visit mother." 

"Mother!" Elunara yelled, as she walked into the Temple. 

Tyrande looked over her ledge. "I didn't expect to see you today."

"I've come to check out a rumor."

"What rumor?"

"That you're seeing an increase in babies being named after me, and that people seem to think I'm the living embodiment for Elune."

"Well..." Tyrande blushed. "Maybe?"

"HAH!" Elunara pointed up. "Well, they're WRONG! Elune is calling me her little sister. Therefore, I cannot POSSIBLY be her embodiment."

Tyrande laughed. "Well, color me corrected." She grinned. "But, I knew that. Now, are you going to bring that baby up here, or stand down there and point at me?"

Elunara started walking. "Also! I never gave ANY of these people permission to USE my name, so I want that corrected as well."

"Hmm."

"I have allowed a select few, and ONLY those few." She made her way up the ramp. "I don't appreciate people ruining that as a privilege."

"Well, you're fitting right into this goddess thing."

"No. It's just, they are my friends, and I have busted my ass to help them, they deserve the right to the names I have allowed. It's just not fair for some random person to do it."

"It is unfair for them to do it without asking, but there's not much you can do."

"Ugh."

"Yes, ugh. Just like your friend called her child Tyralu without asking me. Now, let me see my littlest grandchild."

Elunara opened the front door. 

"Your beast ate my sheep!" He pointed up. 

Elunara stepped outside. "This true?"

"They were delicious."

Elunara smacked her forehead. "I'm sorry, I'll replace them." She stepped inside and pulled out a chit, writing down information. "Take this to the bank, they'll honor it."

The man eyed the chit and nodded. "That's a fair sum."

"You!" She pointed up. "You can only eat what I designate. I don't know how you were trained, but here it is different."

"I am sorry." One head sighed. "I prefer my meals to be live." The other snorted. 

"How about this, you will eat the meat I bring you, and about once a week I'll take you down and let you eat some live food."

"Week?"

"Roughly seven days and nights."

"Fine." They both snorted. 

Elunara answered the pounding on the door. 

Her client bolted in the house. "Your beast tried to bite me!"

With a sigh, she stepped outside. "Hey! You can't bite guests!"

"How was I to know?" One pouted. "I will defend my home!" The other snarled.

She looked to the sky and sighed. "I will tell you when I am expecting guests. Is that fair?"

"Well, I guess so." Sighed the one. "Fine, but I get to defend against uninvited." Snorted the other. 

"You know what?" Elunara put her hands on her hips. "I got a list of people not allowed here; you may freely bite them if they try to come back."

"I am satisfied by this." 

Elunara opened the door and sighed. "Yes?"

"Your beast attacked my mount!"

"You have a skyreaver?" 

"Yes."

"Female?"

"Yes."

Elunara sighed. "Mine is defensive of her territory, but I will speak with her."

"Speak?"

Elunara stepped out. "SaTa, you can't attack other skyreavers. They don't want your territory; they were forced here by their masters."

"I was defending my nest!"

"Do you have eggs?"

"No." 

"Then leave off. When you have eggs, you can attack anyone who gets in your air space. Until that time, it is unnecessary. None of the others want our house."

"Fine!" They both hissed, before turning away.

"You can understand them?" The rider blinked.

"Yes." Elunara sighed. "Sometimes, you two are more trouble then you're worth!"

"Well, if you'd take us out more..." The one pouted. "I will defend my space." The other hissed. 

"Do I have to mark out your territory?"

"That is our job." 

"The house and the area surrounding, are yours. Do not go prowling for a fight. I could easily dump you at the stable and they'd put you in a cage. I don't want to do that." She sighed. "Look, I've never had a flying mount before. I don't know how to exercise you, or even how to take care of you. You gotta tell me."

"Have you never flown?" One cocked its head. "How curious." Said the other. 

"Well, technically I have. Just not on my own mount. You guys are a new species to me, so I just don't know."

"Give us our harness, and we will take you."

"I cannot leave my baby. You should understand that. But, I will make the time. Ok?"

"Alright." Said one. "This is acceptable." Said the other.

Elunara ran her hand on Savage's head. "Sometimes I'm grateful that you're such a devoted sweetheart." She laughed as she stepped in the house. "You've made Yoona into quite the cat as well. Jarvy will be great with you two as his parents."

Savage licked Jarvy's head. At the kit's yowl, Savage plopped down on top of Jarvy and began to groom the little cat. Elunara giggled and left him to it.