 Cheryl dropped her basket on the table with a sigh. Before she could react, she was grabbed by the hair and slammed into a wall. 

"I think you and I should have a little "talk"." Elunara growled into her ear. 

"You... you'll never get by..."

Elunara slammed her again. "See, that's the beauty of the thing; because I don't think you understand what I have already gotten by with. One measly little bitch, who can't keep her mouth SHUT, is nothing."

"You..."

Elunara slammed Cheryl's face into the counter. "Told you what would happen," Slam. "If you spread your filthy," Slam. "Lies again." Slam. "So, when the daughter," She slammed the woman's head into the wall. "Of some other random socialite is spreading the same filth... Well, I knew just where to go, didn't I?"

Cheryl shrank back against the wall. "They'll see... what you've done." She gasped. 

"You seem to be forgetting something important." Elunara summoned her dagger and slashed it across Cheryl's wrist. Casually sitting the dagger on the counter, she ran a hand over the bleeding gash until it was nothing more than a faint scar. "I can heal." She growled. 

Cheryl's eyes went wide as she stared at the near invisible line. 

"So, let's... talk." 

Satisfied, Elunara sat above the training yard and worked on her projects. 

"Hey, Elunara..." Jerry fidgeted. "I wanted to apologize for my mother. I had no idea..."

"As evidenced by the fact you were trying to climb under my counter to quietly die of embarrassment."

"I never knew she did that..." He sighed. 

"Don't feel guilty for the origins of your birth. Your mother did what she felt she had to do. Maybe she wanted babies and had only one way to get them, or maybe it was a side effect of what she did. But, I can understand the desire to suppress some part of herself just to fit in and have friends. Hell, you two hid it forever in my room. Just shows how much like your mother you truly are. Be proud of that. You can now connect on a level you never had before, just by virtue of who you are." She waved her pencil. "As for the other thing? I'm over it. I'll do what I do best, and work with it from there."

"Oh! You're such a sweetheart!" Kaileen wrapped her arms around Elunara's neck.

"ACK! STOP!" Elunara choked. "I need air, you loony!" She whacked the woman repeatedly with her pencil. 

A chuckle had them all freezing. Jerry jumped up and saluted.

"Once again, I find you in a curious position." 

Elunara dislodged the stunned woman's arms. "Hello, Lover."

"And who is this?"

"This is Jerry's mom, Kaileen. Jerry's mom, this is Varian. Well, you'll call him King Wyrnn. I don't."

"Couldn't hold you to it at sword point." Varian chuckled again. 

"Your majesty!" Kaileen bowed. 

"Kaileen here is the exact opposite of Louis' dad. If you catch my drift." She winked. "The EXACT opposite. In fact, she's requested the "full treatment"."

Varian's eyes went wide. 

Kaileen blushed. "Does he know what that is?"

"I've had it myself." He laughed. 

"You really are the goddess of sex." Kaileen marveled. 

"And we are all her loyal subjects." Varian winked. "Where is little Lulu?"

"Chrissy had one of her manic moments and wants to see if she can handle two children at once. Gerald prays she can't." Elunara giggled. 

"That woman keeps him in trouble, doesn't she?"

"And he wouldn't have it any other way." 

"Love is a fascinating thing." He murmured. 

"That it is." She beamed up at him. 

He stooped down beside her. "Tonight." He brushed a lock of hair from her face.

"Of course." 

He stood and left. 

"You and the King?" Kaileen breathed. 

"Mm, and he is magnificent."

"It's actually rather difficult to find someone Elunara hasn't had her hands on." Jerry blushed.

She reached over and scratched Jerry's head. "All too true."

Kaileen furrowed her brow. "Even you?"

Jerry blushed. "I thought that... if I had her... service... the guys would accept me as normal. Only... she figured it out and got supremely pissed that I'd lied."

"I have heard it all, I have seen it all, I have done it all... if you can't be honest with me, get the hell out of my house." She shrugged. 

"But, like I told you... it was because of her that I have my Louis."

"You two saps were giving me a headache, and then you wait until I get farkin KIDNAPPED to finally come out. Don't even have the decency to do it where I can watch." She snorted. 

"I said I was sorry." Jerry crossed his arms. 

"Don't care; I'm still going to ream you for the rest of your natural life." She popped her elbow on her board. "And if I can harness your soul, I'll keep it around just to dick with."

"What are you, a warlock now, too?"

"Fuck if I know, I've lost track." She snorted.

"Whaaaat does that mean?" Kaileen blinked.

"I'm both a rogue and a priest. Don't ask me, I don't even know how it works." She shrugged. "Hm, now that's a fascinating thought... if I could keep preferred souls around like a necklace..." She scribbled a note on her paper.

Jerry rolled his eyes. "Elunara got started, everybody run." He snorted. 

"Do not put it past me to spank you." Elunara pointed her pencil. "You wanna call me mommy; we can make it a thing."

Jerry buried his face in his hands. "GODS! Only YOU!"

Gerald snorted. "Let me guess, Elunara is giving you horrible mental images."

"YES!"

"Welcome to my day."

"Hey, you're the one who called me your sister."

"And I deeply regret it." Gerald stuck out his tongue. 

"I said it once, and I'll say it again..." Zelinnia sighed. "You have a weird relationship with everyone."

"Including you, my Blood Elf beauty." Elunara winked. 

Kaileen scrambled back. "A Blood Elf? HERE?"

Zelinnia jerked a thumb. "She must be new."

Elunara laughed. "Meet Jerry's mom, Kaileen. She's... a lively one." 

"Howdy." Zelinnia waved. 

"Where are the babies?"

"I could ask the same of you. Johnathan has them. We're having a problem with one of your damned additions."

"Which one?"

"The twirling door? It's suck. We're having to scoot past it sideways. Even Johnathan can't do anything about it."

"Alright, alright, I'll come look." She tucked her board away. 

Elunara peered down into the hole. Concentrating, she cast her glow. "Hm. I'll have to take it down. Got a ladder?"

Renwa sat a stepstool down. 

She popped the locks at the top and hopped down, top of the door door in hand. She tugged it out of the way and put her glow into the hole in the floor. "I see it." Digging around, she yanked out a mangled mess of metal. "Well, it USED to be pretty."

Zelinnia frowned. "So THAT's where that bracelet went. Damn, I liked that one."

"I'll get you a new one." Renwa kissed her neck.

"Well, it jammed the ball bearings, and after that point..." Elunara shrugged. She put the door back in its frame and locked it into place.

"That door has been really convenient, but I'd like to lock the thing occasionally." Zelinnia sighed.

"You goofball, it locks here..." She demonstrated. "And here. See? Doesn't move."

"Oh. Oops." 

"Silly Blood elf." Elunara tugged Zelinnia's ear.

"Hey, I'll give YOU the same warning about getting me started." Zelinnia stuck out her tongue. 

Quickly, Elunara grabbed Zelinnia's tongue with her lips. Zelinnia squeaked and jumped back. 

Renwa began to laugh. "I've got to try that trick."

Elunara winked. "It works wonders." 

Grogek opened his eyes and blinked into the darkness. By his estimation, he needed to be up in an hour or so. Looking down, he grinned at his erection. Elunara lay by his side, completely out. He snuggled her into his arms, and she merely smiled in her sleep, unconsciously snuggling down. Carefully, he slipped a hand up to her breast and cupped it. Tugging her leg up, he shifted her across him. With gentle, deliberate movements, he got her worked up. She moaned softly in her sleep. 

Grabbing her hip with his free hand, he plunged himself into her waiting folds. She was awake at once, gasping in shock. He licked her neck, and pumped himself in and out of her slick, wet folds. With his trapped hand, he tormented her nipple, gently massaging the breast with his free fingers. She clung to the bed, gasping and groaning. When she clamped down around him, he tugged himself free of her and pushed himself into her ass.

In and out he worked, with a deceptive gentleness, to not harm her tiny body. His teeth scraped against her neck, and she arched back against him. Pumping his dick in and out of her tight ass, he groaned as he filled her. The sensation of his throbbing dick caused her to clamp down around him again. Just when she thought he was done with her, he slipped his two fingers into her front. 

He shifted both hands down, two fingers of one hand pumping in and out of her, while the other one teased her clit. By time she was shivering and shaking with it, Tulani popped her head up and just watched. 

Elunara gasped and clung to the bed. "Well, that's one way to wake up." 

Grogek grinned. "Complaining?"

She turned her head over and pressed her mouth to his. "Not one damned bit."

Jordan stood in the door. "That's the one problem with our room set up. Nothing to do with MY morning wood."

Elunara climbed out of bed and grabbed Jordan by the dick, hauling him inside. She closed the door and knelt down. "Guess I'll have to fix that." She slipped her mouth over her the tip. 

Jordan groaned and grabbed her head, digging his fingers into her hair. "Baby..."

Quickly, she slipped her mouth up and down, taking in the full of him. He leaned back against the door, as she sucked him off. Her hands went down and cupped his balls, dancing them in her expert hands. Pressing herself down, she kissed the base of his shaft, the full of his dick in her mouth. He exploded into her throat. Shifting backward, she freed him as she swallowed the load. She licked her lips and wiped her mouth. 

"Better?"

"Much." He groaned. 

She licked her thumb. "I have yet to figure out why you're so much sweeter than other males." 

He rolled his eyes. "You and your weird obsessions."

"Well, I guess sweet cum leads to sweet children."

Jordan raked his fingers through his hair. "That... is the single weirdest mental image you have ever given me."

Downstairs, that afternoon, Elunara whistled as she prepped the assortment of foods she would try to feed Lulu today. 

The door opened and both boys came in groaning. 

"Momma!" Darguni whined. "Dad works us too hard."

"I've never worked so hard in my LIFE!" Bradly complained.

"Then quit." 

"But..."

"I'm not about to ask them to go easy on you." She put a hand on her hip as she leaned against the counter. "You've only been at this a month... Either do it or quit. Those are your options. Maybe you can try again in a few years, when you're older and more mature." She shrugged. "Meanwhile, stay out of everyone else's way, because if something happens, you're just going to get yourself killed." She went back to chopping fruit. 

"I can't quit, dad'll KILL me!" Darguni shrank back.

"If you can't handle the consequences of your actions, then don't do it. Tell the both of your dads that you're just untried children and go back to doing... kiddy things." She waved vaguely. "I mean, you ARE only twelve. No one is expecting you to actually SUCCEED at this crazy little endeavor. Most people wait until they're eighteen to try out, and here you are..." She shrugged again. "Excuse me; Lulu is up from her nap." She sat her stuff down, and headed upstairs.

Bradly glared at the knife on the chopping block. "I don't know about you... but I will prove them all wrong."

Darguni crossed his arms. "I am not a child." 

"Momma says you'll be the biggest, toughest thing out there, eventually." Bradly tapped his fingers on the counter. 

"She also said you'd be the fastest, most agile..."

"I guess we gotta start somewhere." 

"And I guess Papa didn't get where he is by whining."

"We'll do better." Bradly nodded.

"Right after a nap." Darguni yawned. 

Elunara walked back down the stairs with a grin. Sitting Lulu in her chair, she chuckled. "Ah, your brothers are funny little things. Come my sweet little love; let's get some food into you."

Elunara blinked. "Hello, Mother." She stared at Tyrande standing on her porch.

Tyrande held out the book. "I have finally finished." 

"Alright. You didn't fill in any of the makers I gave you."

"Because I have decided that I want all of them."

"All of them?!"

"Every one. Every single piece of information you have deigned to write down, I want. In order to fully know you, one must fully read you." 

"I... I'm impressed."

Tyrande wrapped her arms around Elunara. "My dear, sweet daughter. I had no idea." 

"Ack!" After a moment, Elunara laughed and returned the hug. "Well, this is a change from forty years ago."

"That it is. I had no idea you had been through so much." 

Elunara tugged herself free. "Yeah, well, you need to keep in mind that I had very limited emotional responses to any of it. It wasn't until Grogek, that I began to realize what any of it did to me."

"I find that so difficult to believe."

"Well, some of it..." She gave a shaky shrug. "Let's just say that I've had a long time to deal with it."

She started to stick the book on the shelf and then considered. "I have a fascinating idea..." She tucked the book on the shelf and went outside. Tyrande followed her with a mild curiosity. Pointing to a spot, Elunara waited until Tyrande moved there. She then broke a branch off of a tree and made it smooth. Quickly, she began to sketch the runes and necessary pictographs into the dirt. For a couple of hours she worked, round and round she went, until she completed the circle. 

"Please wait here. Yell at someone if they mess me up." Elunara jogged back and began to carefully prep her books. When she was satisfied, she ran back out. "Here goes nothing!" Elunara stood in the center of her designs and began to pump out energy. 

The bright glow brought people from all over to watch. 

"What is she doing?" Marveled SaTa.

Through each rune, a stack of books came through the opened portals. When at last the stacks of books rested on the soft dirt, Elunara changed her energy. Closing her eyes, she focused all of her energy and anger into one ridiculous blow. She slammed her hands on to the ground with a scream. When she was spent, she collapsed. 

She woke up in Varian's arms. "What in the world were you doing?" He asked. 

"Copying my books?" She rubbed her head. "No idea if that worked." 

Tyrande held up a pair of books. "It worked perfectly."

With a groan, she rolled out of Varian's arms. "Alright, if you'll just take the copies off of the design, I can send all of my stuff back into library."

"How do you even know how to DO this?" Tyrande set the secondary stacks off to the side. 

"Lots and LOTS of stolen magic, crazy ass experimentation..."

"And one epic scale temper tantrum." Varian snorted.

"Hush you." She pointed at him. "And get off my ring. I need to be the only one in place."

"You know, you have gotten really bossy." Varian put his hands on his hips.

"Maybe because you spoil me rotten." She winked. She kissed his chin. "Now, shoo with you, before I teleport you too."

"Alright, I have them all." 

Elunara focused her energy into the ground and reversed the summoning process. When the last of her books disappeared, she grabbed her head. "Oh man, that was nasty. I need energy."

"To the ring?" Varian grinned. 

"Oh, definitely. This little crowd helps, but I need a meal." She stretched. "First, let me help mother deal with the books."

At the boat, Tyrande grasped Elunara's hands. "Thank you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Your books will be well cared for in our library and I think everyone should know... the kind of transformation you have gone through."

Elunara shrugged. "That's up to you." 

"I am SO proud of you."

"Ok, now you're just making me feel weird." Elunara laughed. "The boat is about to leave you..."

"I will be back, my daughter." Tyrande hugged her again, before stepping on to the boat.