 Elunara opened the door and blinked. 

"Can you please watch William tonight?" Chrissy fidgeted. "I know it's last minute, but I lost track of things, and it's our anniversary, and I just had so many plans, and I completely forgot about where William was going to be and..."

"Alright, alright. Sure. I can take him today." 

Chrissy practically tossed William in Elunara's hands. "THANK YOU!" She ran off.

Laughing, Elunara closed the door. "Well, Lulu wouldn't mind the company." She sat him down next to Lulu, in time for another knock on the door. "Uh, hey Mark?" She blinked.

"Listen, I know it's spur of the moment and all, but can you watch the twins?" He gestured back to the stroller. "Jenny's just worked so hard and I wanted to give her a day..." He turned red.

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Go fuck your wife senseless, I'll deal with the babies."

"Thanks! You're the best!" He kissed her cheek before running off.

Elunara put a hand to her cheek. "Five gold says that was unintentional." She pushed the stroller inside and took the two kids out, putting them by the first two. Straightening up, she put her hands on her hips. "I guess I should bring down more toys." 

At the third knock on the door, she groaned. Yanking open the door, she started at Zelinnia. "Oh, by the GODS, is this dump your kids on Elunara day?"

Zelinnia blinked. "Uh... no." She frowned. "I came to ask if you'd join me on my walk, since Johnathan is busy."

"Oh." She raked a hand through her hair. "Sorry. I've got four toddlers today." She gestured back.

Zelinnia stuck her head in the door. "How did you manage that?"

"By being too damned nice."

"Well, I guess I could stay and help out."

"Three each, is easier than four at once, I guess." Elunara sighed. "If Mayby shows up and tries to dump her kids on me, I'll smack her."

Zelinnia put a hand to her mouth and giggled. "As long as I get to watch." She led her kids next to the others. "It's certainly...

Elunara made several rude gestures at the door before opening it. "Ah... Andrew?"

"Help meeeeee." He was holding a crying infant in his outstretched hands. "Rachel is sick and I don't know how to DO this!"

Elunara groaned. "Get in here, you're about to get some parenting 101, starting with the fact you DON'T hold a baby like that!"

A little while later, they sent Andrew back out with a changed, fed, and happy baby. 

"Wow, I can't believe you nursed someone else's child."

"Desperate times, desperate measures. I couldn't let the child just starve. Plus, I taught him how to assist Rachel while she's ill. It'll do him a world of good."

"Yeah." Zelinnia sighed. 

"Maybe we can get a moment of peace."

The boys came in the door and flopped down at the table. 

"What's up with you two?"

"Both of our dads let us off the hook this morning,"

"But neither one of us knows what to do now."

"I feel all twitchy."

"I can't figure out what to do with my feet."

"Good." She put her hands on her hips. "That means it's working."

"Huh?" They both looked up.

"That means you're adapting to your training. Your body now craves the movement and the discipline of it. This is where you can start pushing even harder. For now, you can find other ways to channel that energy. Today, you can help me with the kids." She gestured behind her. 

"Why are there so many?"

"Don't ask." Elunara rolled her eyes. At the knock on the door, she started yanking her hair. "BY THE GODS!" She yanked open the door and blinked at Kaileen. "Oh... hey."

"I'm sorry... is this a bad time?" She winced. 

Elunara laughed. "Everyone has decided to dump their kids on me today, for some weird reason."

Kaileen peered in. "Well, I guess it's good to be trusted."

"What do ya need, sweetie?"

Kaileen blushed. "I just wanted to talk."

"Anything specific?"

"Not... really? I just find you fascinating." She blushed deeper.

"Alright, come in. Hope you don't mind Zel, she is the closest thing I got to a sister." 

Kaileen put a hand to her chest. "Well, no. But, I am still having difficulty getting over a Blood Elf in Stormwind's walls."

"Get over it." Elunara shrugged. "She stopped being "that blood elf" forever ago. She's my best friend, sister, and a few other things... I won't have her insulted."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you."

"Oh, leave off, Lu." Zelinnia snorted. "Don't take your bad mood out on her."

Elunara crossed her arms. "I am not." 

"You are too, and you know it." 

"I'm just protecting you."

Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "By this point, I can handle myself."

"I'll handle your ass."

Kaileen giggled. "Well, you certainly bicker like sisters."

Elunara blinked. "Really?" 

Zelinnia giggled. "I guess we do." 

Elunara shrugged and dropped down on the couch. "I wouldn't know." She laid her head on Zelinnia's shoulder.

"Tell me more about your relationship." Kaileen sat in the chair, with her hands folded in her lap. 

Hours later, Zelinnia yawned. "Sorry, but I'm at my limit."

"That's ok, my lovely. Thank you for helping."

"When are they coming back?"

Elunara sighed. "Lord only knows."

Jordan walked in the door and froze. "Uhhhhh..."

Grogek stuck his head in. "What's with all the children?"

"It's a long story." Elunara sighed and raked her fingers through her hair. 

"Momma, can we go to bed?"

"Yes, go. I'll get Jordan to help me get the babies back."

Grogek snorted. "Better him than me."

"Why me?" 

Zelinnia laughed. "That's my cue!" She scooted out of the door with her stroller and sleeping children. 

"Because I feel like spending more time with you." Elunara winked. 

"Yeah right." He snorted. 

"I'll let you get plain clothed first." 

Grogek yanked his own shirt off. "Well, I'm headed up." 

"Alright, Sugarbear."

Jordan grumbled all the way up stairs. 

"Don't worry, Sugar. We'll make em pay for ruining your night."

Kaileen watched the pair go upstairs. "You're married to both of them?"

"And..." 

Tulani came in and stared. "What?"

"Out today?"

"Well, yes, I had some personal fittings." She looked around. "What's with all the children?"

"You missed Zelinnia by about five minutes."

"Aw, damn." 

"Sorry, my Sweetness." Elunara brushed her lips across Tulani's. "Maybe another day." 

"Oh, hello." Tulani smiled.

"Ah, I can't recall if you've met Kaileen, Jerry's mother."

Tulani's eyebrows shot up. "Oh, she's the one."

Kaileen flushed as she took Tulani's hand. "I guess you told her my request..."

"My family knows everything. I have no secrets, I have no filter." Elunara shrugged. "All dealings with me, will involve them in some way." She brushed Tulani's hair back. "Especially when it involves anything that could affect our relationship."

"Well, I... I don't want to affect your relationship..."

Elunara shrugged. "You never know what may do so. I just prefer there to be no surprises." 

"Which is why we all love you." Tulani kissed Elunara's cheek. "Forgive me; I want to get in some last minute sewing before bed." 

"Alright, my Sweetness." She ran her hand down Tulani's ass.

As Tulani clopped her way up the stairs, Jordan made his way down. 

"Hold on, let me get Lulu into bed, and then we'll take the three out." Elunara jogged up the stairs with her bundle in tow. 

Jordan sighed. "So... uh," He scratched the back of his head. "How's Jerry?"

"He's fine... So, you're all married to Elunara?"

Comfortable with the topic, he leaned against the post. "Oh, yeah. Grogek married her first and Tulani... Well, Tulani was involved in the wedding with Grogek, but they didn't decide to it until later. I was last to the party, and Elunara just one day decided that I was her husband and that's all we needed."

"Fascinating!" Kaileen tapped her cheek. "I married a man because I thought I had to... Elunara just claims herself two husbands and a wife." She sighed. "Oh, I envy her brazen nature."

Jordan chuckled. "Elunara doesn't know the meaning of normal."

"I know what it means... I just told it to go fuck itself." Elunara came down the steps. 

Jordan winked. "That's our Elunara." He stretched. "Now, why do I have to help you, when she could?"

"Because the children were left to me. Mark and Gerald would have no issue with you, and they might with her." 

"Fine." 

"Or you could stay home and make me go out all by myself." Elunara pouted.

"Pfft, I'd be more concerned about the welfare of the lunatic moron who tried to attack you." 

Kaileen giggled. "I guess I should be going now." She walked to the door. 

"Yeah. Hey, whenever you finally feel comfortable, I'll set up your appointment."

Kaileen blushed. "T-thank you." She backed into the door with a crack, and tried again, but tripped over the doorframe.

Elunara slapped a hand to her face. 

Jordan grinned. "You do that to a person, ya know..."

Elunara ran her fingers over his chest. "I'm going to do it to you as soon as we return these babies." 

"Oh, is THAT why you want my help?"

"Yeah, and you almost ruined it for yourself by whining like a twit."

"Hm, I guess I'll have to work on that."

Elunara tucked Tyralu and Grodan into the stroller, before picking up William and handing him to Jordan. "You hold, I'll push."

Elunara knocked on Mark and Jenny's door. Tapping her foot, she knocked a little louder. Still hearing nothing, she pounded on the door. 

After a few moments, Mark blinked at her. "Huh?"

"Did you forget something?"

He blinked several times, before looking up at the sky. "What time is it?"

"Late as hell."

He raked a hand through his hair. "Shit. I'm so sorry. We..." He blushed. "We didn't even get to the sex part; we decided to try a nap first. I guess... Shit."

She shook her head. "I'll forgive you... this time. Don't do it again."

He picked up the whole stroller, kids and all, and tucked it inside. "I am so sorry; I'll make it up to you."

Elunara waved a hand and headed on. 

Jordan laughed. "I guess there are all sorts of ways we are lucky."

"That we are."

"So... Kaileen seems interesting."

"She's been here a month... and every time I try to set up her... event... she gets all blushy and backs out."

"Well, you can be intimidating."

"I'll figure it out." Elunara shrugged and knocked on the door. 

"Elunara?" 

"Yes?" She called through the door. 

"HELP!" 

Elunara got the door open and began to laugh. "What are you idiots trying to do?"

Chrissy blushed. "Well, it's a funny story really..."

"Is that Jordan?" Gerald groaned. "I'll never live this down." 

"Hold on, hold on... let me cut you two down..." Elunara sighed and summoned her dagger. She began cutting the ropes. "Start talking, missy."

"Well, you know how I said that I had this whole plan in the works? Well, I read another book about this thing call "puppet theater" and it sounded really fascinating, so I rigged the whole thing up."

"My wife talks me into the weirdest shit." Gerald grumbled.

"Well, apparently I rigged it wrong, and when I got us all hooked up, the beam broke, and then knots cinched, and then we were stuck."

"Some of us don't have a magic dagger." Gerald rubbed his wrist. 

"I knew you'd eventually get annoyed and bring William back and free us." Chrissy blushed. 

"Chrissy, WHAT have I told you about trying things without consulting me?" Elunara put her hands on her hips. 

"Well, it seemed really simple to do..."

"THIS seemed simple?" Elunara gestured up. 

"You told me you asked her!" Gerald crossed his arms. 

"Well... she did teach me how to do knots..."

"Not the same thing, Chrissy." Elunara sighed. Holding up a length of rope, she shook her head. "You didn't even use the correct slip knot I showed you." She looked back. "Stop giggling, Jordan."

"Sorry, it just reminds me of the day you fell off the ladder."

Elunara flushed. "I still haven't paid you back for shoving your dick in my throat."

Jordan licked his lips. "It was worth it."

Gerald eyed the pair. "What now?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "I was rigging up the ropes to hang the demon skull in my living room, and I slipped and fell off the ladder, and got tangled into a mess. Grogek rips open my pants and buries his dick in me, and Jordan here, went for my throat. Due to HOW I was tied up, I couldn't do shit."

Gerald raised his eyebrows. "Brave man."

"Worth it!" Jordan laughed. 

"Anyway, Chrissy, you and I are going to have a lovely little talk tomorrow about the consequences of your actions!"

Chrissy winced. "Sorry." 

"You two can clean up your own mess. Take your kid back, so we can go home."

Chrissy took William from Jordan. "I'm so sorry."

"Apologize to your husband. We're out of here."

As they walked out of the house, Gerald sighed. "Elunara keeps seeing me humiliated."

Jordan snickered. "Oh, Man. I have got to figure out how to capitalize on teasing Gerald."

Elunara linked her fingers with his. "Poor man. His wife is nuts."

"So's mine." Jordan winked. 

"Yes, but yours doesn't humiliate you every time she gets a stray thought in her head. I'm usually cleaning up your humiliations." She winked.

"Ugh, don't remind me." Jordan rolled his eyes.

"As expected, the stars are pretty tonight." She laid her head against his shoulder. 

"Hm." He yawned. "I haven't given them much thought."

"Night Elf. You spend your life in the dark; you learn to appreciate the points of light."

"I imagine so." He said quietly. 

She tugged his hand. 

"Where are we going?"

"The Grove."

"Aw, but I don't feel like a crowd."

"No one knows we're going. And I just want to make love to you under the stars." 

"Oh, well, in that case..."

Giggling, they both ran to The Grove. 

"Hold on." Elunara put a finger to her lips and motioned to Jordan. She jogged to the hill and looked around. Nodding, she met him in the center. "See? Empty." She wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Good." He pressed his lips to hers. His hands slipped under her shirt and cupped her breasts. She groaned as his fingers worked on her breasts and nipples. 

"Ah, you're always best at that. You have magic fingers, Jordan."

He grinned and nipped at her lips. "I plan on using them on you all night." He tugged her shirt up and over her head. Tossing it to the ground, he pushed her pants down. She stepped out of them, and shoved his down. One hand went down, and slipped between her legs. With his fingers, he stroked her outside. "You're already dripping."

"Because I've been thinking about this since you got home earlier." She grinned. 

He plunged a pair of fingers into her and groaned. "I want you now." 

With a giggle, she tugged him down to the ground with her. She laid back in the soft grass. "Then take me." She whispered. 

With a groan, he plunged himself deep into her. They tangled their legs together, hands caressing each other's bodies, as they melded together. 

Derek sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. "I hate night shift." 

Jared cracked his neck. "It's boring as hell. Let's do a quick check of The Grove, and then head back down."

"Yeah, ok."

Jared put his hand out. "Hey, that night elf is down there. Where's her betting ring?" He looked around.

"That's... not General Grogek." Derek blinked. 

"Hey, isn't that General Jordan?" Jared frowned. "I heard he was General Grogek's boyfriend."

"I heard he was General Grogek's brother. I don't know... that whole family is weird." Derek scratched the back of his head. "She's Tyrande's daughter. Found THAT out the hard way."

Elunara inwardly rolled her eyes; those two were being loud and annoying. "Jordan." She whispered. "We have a pair of nosy guards on the hill." 

Jordan buried his face in her shoulder and groaned. "Figures."

"Several options... make them go away, ignore them, or just go home."

"I wanted to enjoy a night out with my wife." He growled. 

"I'll deal with it." Elunara rolled Jordan over and climbed on top. "HEY JACKFUCKS! GO AWAY!" She glared in the direction of the hill. 

Derek scrambled to escape. 

Jared frowned and caught up. "Dude, what the hell?"

"If she tells King Wyrnn we pissed her off, we are SO dead."

"Because of her mother?"

"Because she's fucking Wrynn. Look, I know you spend your time on night guard. I go wherever they assign me. I've seen how he acts around her."

"There... all alone." She bent down and brushed her lips on Jordan's.

"Much better." He grinned. "Mm, I want you to stay up. I want to see that beautiful body in the starlight." 

"As you wish." She leaned back and put her hands on his thighs. 

"Gods, that's beautiful." Jordan sighed. One hand gripped her hip, and the other played with her soft folds, his thumb finding that wonderful nub that drove her mad. She began to shudder and sake, her body clamping down on him. He grabbed both hips and shoved her down. He filled her with a groan. 

She blinked and stared at a bird sitting on her shoulder. "Uh, hello." It tweeted at her and flew off. 

Jordan wrapped his arms around her waist. "Mm, what time is it?"

"Morning." 

"You'd figure by this point, my hard on would give up on the morning."

"We fell asleep in The Grove." 

Jordan bolted up. "Shit."

"Well, this is unexpected." Elunara looked around. 

"Where are my pants?"

"Where ever I threw them." She looked around. "Why are they in that tree?" She cocked her head to the side. Reaching up, she tried to snag the missing pants. Several wolf whistles had her looking over. "Oh, shut it." She rolled her eyes. Standing on her toes, she was just able to yank down the pants and pass them to Jordan. 

He found, and yanked on, his shirt. "I am so out of here." He blushed, as he yanked on his shoes. 

"Hey! You didn't tell me you were coming out here!" Gerald crossed his arms.

"Because we didn't want the crowd." Elunara put her hands on her hips. "Can I not fuck my husband under the stars? I DO have romantic tendencies occasionally."

"See?" Gerald laughed and pointed. "Jordan IS straight."

Jordan flipped Gerald off. "Alright, puppet."

Gerald blushed. "You can suck it, Jordan."

"You aren't my wife." Jordan snorted. For the hell of it, he tugged Elunara into his embrace, assaulting her mouth with his own. His hand slid down to her hips, and he squeezed her ass. "Now, I run home." He turned and fled. 

Elunara shook her head and bent down to grab her clothes. This elicited more wolf whistles. Rolling her eyes, she yanked on her shirt, and tugged up her pants, causing much disappointment in their little crowd. Sticking her feet in her shoes, she flipped them off, and followed after Jordan.