 Grogek lay in bed, staring at the ceiling. 

"You know, you're being very naughty." Elunara climbed on top of him. "You have to let a girl know if you like her or not."

"That's the problem. I'm rather conflicted." 

She propped her elbows on his chest. "Is that so?"

"I pulled a you. I saw someone in need, and I jumped in to save them." He sighed. "I don't just mean the girl's ankle. Apparently, Misty is a little shit, even to her own sister. Took me a bit to get it out of her, but apparently, her sister told her she was glad her husband was dead, so that Misty could train her up right."

Elunara visibly twitched. "Fucking bitch."

"So... I went and intimidated the little bitch. Was rather entertaining to see her lock herself in a room." 

"And I missed it?" Elunara snorted. "Well, you've won the poor girl's heart... what are you going to do with it?"

"I haven't a clue." He sighed. "What would you suggest? Aside from the usual."

"I wouldn't bank on my usual here. You're in a nasty predicament. You have a mother, and her child, and if you break one heart, you break em both. The child adores you, and the mother has a damned heavy crush going. You're a devoted, which mean you have your own feelings to consider here. You over step in one direction and you could hate yourself. Fuck and see if it works, would NOT fly here."

He wrapped his arms around her, tears streaming down his face. "That is why I love you." He whispered. "You see direct to the heart of me." 

"You're my Sugarbear. I know this situation is odd for you. Hell, it's bizarre for me. But, what kind of person would I be, if I did all the things I do, and then hold you to a different standard?" She rubbed her cheek on his chest. "You've been so devoted to me, for all of this time. It's amazing what you do for me. If this isn't where you're going, then that's fine too. But you can't keep her in the dark." 

"I just need more time." 

"Of course. You can't make this decision in a night. Hell, you saw how long I flip flopped on poor Jordan."

"I got you anyway." Jordan leaned against the door.

"That's because I'm an insatiable whore." She snorted.

"Hey, since Grogek has a girlfriend, does that mean I get more time?" 

Grogek tightened his grip on Elunara. "Hell no." 

"Now boys, don't fight over your toys." She grinned. 

Vicki was absolutely FUMING. She had been tracking her target for WEEKS and all she could figure out, was his weakness for small children. She couldn't possibly swipe a kid from the orphanage, and what in the hell would she do with the kid while she did her thing? Now, there was this timid little bitch and her half hearted attempts at flirting. It was enough to make a person sick.

To make matters even more irritating, his schedule was so well disciplined, that it synced up with the rest of his family. The only opportunity she would have... was on a day when some dumb trainee injured himself and bled on the beast. She really couldn't set anything up, because she could go to all the efforts and still have a no show. She sat down on a rock wall and sighed. 

"Please! It was an accident!"

"SHUT UP!" 

The sound of a slap caught Vicki's interest. She leaned over and peered at the couple. The man had the woman by the arm and was repeatedly hitting her. Vicki snorted. Dumb bitch. Probably deserved it. In her opinion, any woman that agreed to be in a permanent relationship got what she deserved. She watched the action with a vicious sort of glee. 

Out of nowhere, Grogek grabbed the man by the throat and squeezed. "You miserable little bastard. How dare you harm her?!"

"She's my wife!" The man gasped out. "I can do as I please!"

"No, the fuck you can't." Grogek punched the man in the face, hard enough to knock him out. He flung him to the side. "I'll deal with that trash later." He snorted. Reaching down, he held out a hand. "Here, let me help you."

"No... please... you're only making it worse." She cried. 

"Ma'am, you're alright now. I won't let him harm you again." 

The woman scrabbled back, before scrambling up and running away. 

Grogek sighed. "Like caged animals..." He hefted the unconscious man up on his shoulder. "Let's have a little talk." He snorted, as he walked away. 

Vicki tapped a finger to her chin. Now, an abused woman... THAT she could pull off.

Unlike Elunara, Vicki didn't have to get someone to smack her around to get the effect she wanted. She had make up and a deft hand with dramatics. Even better, it took minimal effort and could be pulled off in a pinch. All she had to do was hang out at the training yard and wait for her moment. 

Misty sighed dramatically and fluffed out her hair. This city just wasn't what it used to be. If she could, she'd clear it out to the way it was before. She wished she could convince her husband to find a better place to live. As it was, Stormwind WAS the best place for her family to be. Now, even her own sister was corrupted by the "favorite family". Gods, she hated that title. 

"Come, Gingy, let's go to the keep."

"I'm so SICK of that place." Gingy sighed. "I just want to stay home today."

"No! We must see and be seen." Misty snarled.

"But, why?" Gingy picked at her frilly old gown. She wanted a Tulani. All of her friends had a Tulani. Not that she could say that to her mother. Perhaps when mother wasn't looking, she would take some of her allowance and order her own dress.

"We were here first. We must be seen in the company of the King and prove our privilege."

"Ugh, the Keep isn't even that exclusive any more. Those foul boys got to have their birthday in there, and SOMEHOW they got to have a stupid sleepover too." Gingy snorted. "Even that... deformed twit got to stay there with HER friends. I've NEVER gotten to stay there with MY friends." She crossed her arms.

"Then STAY HERE FOR ALL I CARE!" Misty screeched. "YOU WORTHLESS LITTLE INGRATE!" She stomped out of the house, slamming the door behind her. 

Gingy stood there, fighting tears. Finally, she turned and went into her room, grabbing a handful of her allowance and stuffing it into her purse. She ran all the way to Tulani's studio.

Grogek sighed and made his way home. Some days, he felt like he was training children. His own sons were doing better than some of the soldiers he had to train now. He spotted a woman, openly weeping, as she sat on the ground. 

He knelt down. "Are you alright?"

She looked up and jolted backwards. "I... I'm fine!"

Frowning at the nasty bruise on her face, he brushed her hair back. "Do you need help?"

"No!" She scrambled backwards. "He'll come back."

"I won't let him." 

She tried to stand, but crumbled. 

"Do you need a healer?"

"No... No, I just want to go home." She whimpered.

"If you'll let me, I'll take you." He held out his hands. 

"Oh, please..." She whimpered. 

He scooped her up. "You direct me, and I'll get you home."

"Oh, you're so kind." She breathed. 

Vicki grinned at her brilliant performance. This was just too damned easy. She directed him down to the spot she had chosen, well within view of his own house. 

"Oh..." She sighed. "We're almost there. I'm just... worried he'll show up." She clung to the front of his bloodstained shirt. 

"I will protect you if he does. In fact, I hope he does... so we can have a little... chat." Grogek growled. 

"Thank you so much!" She gasped, before planting her mouth against his. 

In shock, he dropped her. 

"Oh, but I want to thank you." She purred, as she stood on her toes and wrapped her arms around his neck. "You did save me."

He shoved her backward. "Stop that."

Susan was getting rather annoyed with Tina. The girl kept disappearing on her. Raking her fingers through her hair, she sighed. Where could that child have gone now? A noise caught her attention and she stared at a random woman, her arms tangled around Grogek's neck, embracing him. Susan went brilliant red and turned to flee. She tripped over something and looked down. 

"Mommy!" Tina gasped. "That hurt!" She held her head. 

Susan scooped the child up, and took off running.

"What in the hell?" 

"Love!" Grogek tried, yet again, to untangle the bizarre woman. "It's not..."

Elunara laughed. "Of course it isn't." She grabbed a handful of hair and yanked. "Hello, Vicki." 

"You know this woman?"

"Of course I do. She's a talentless hack that thinks herself a whore." 

"I'll show you my TALENT!" Vicki tried unsuccessfully to claw at Elunara. 

"Sweetie, if you could actually harm me, I'd go back to training." She dragged the screaming woman to the canal and tossed her in. 

"I'm so confused." Grogek stared at the woman. The so-called "bruise" was washing away with the water. 

"She's been trying for YEARS to upset me." Elunara shrugged. 

"Ugh, now I feel like I need a shower." Grogek shuddered. 

"Come, I'll scrub your back." Elunara winked.

Susan continued to run, tears streaming down her face. When she finally ran into someone, she gasped for air. 

"How DARE- Oh... it's just you." Misty snorted.

"I hate this city." Susan fought tears. 

"What, did the beast finally tire of your affections?" Misty snorted. "Took long enough."

"You're such an awful person, why have I not seen this before?" Susan sighed. 

"All you've done, is live in your little backwater town in Wetlands. You don't know a THING about how the REAL world works."

"You know what, Misty? Screw you. I'm going back to my backwater town, and I'm dumping this WHOLE CITY ON YOUR... YOUR... BUTT!" 

"No!" Tina wiggled out of Susan's grasp. "NO! I'm not going without Unca Grogek!" She declared, before running off. 

"TINA!" Susan ran after her. 

Misty stared. "Unca?"

Grogek grinned as he carried Elunara from the shower to the couch. "Now, how are we going to use your fun invention today?"

"Hmm, I'm thinking, I show you a setting I haven't used."

"Oh, really?"

The door broke open and both stared down at the little girl clinging to Grogek's leg. He sat Elunara down and frowned. "Tina?"

"Did you not lock the door?" Elunara raised an eyebrow.

"I must not have caught the latch."

"Tina!" Susan followed the girl into the house and stared. Her face went brilliant red, as she realized that Grogek was completely naked. Her eyes fell on one thing.

"We can't leave without Unca Grogek!" The little girl cried. 

"Leave?" Grogek frowned. 

"Well, this is all kinds of awkward." Elunara laughed. She bent down and untangled the little girl. "No one is leaving until we have all had a nice chat. So, how about we get Tulani to show you her pretty dresses, and then we'll let you know."

"Dresses?"

Elunara unlatched Tulani's door and lightly knocked.

"Come in!"

Elunara stuck her head in. "Can you watch Tina for a few minutes?"

"Hi, Gingy!" Tina waved and wiggled down. "Are you getting a pretty dress?"

"Sure." Tulani laughed. 

Elunara backed out, and locked the door again. She turned around, surprised to see both people still standing there, staring at each other. "Well, this is adorable."

Grogek blinked and flopped down on the couch, grabbing a towel from the bucket underneath and putting it in his lap. "What in the world is going on?" 

The towel wasn't enough, as Susan continued to stare. She finally raked her fingers through her hair. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I just... I saw you in the alley with another woman and I..." She blushed and looked at Elunara. "I am SO sorry."

Elunara snorted. "It was a set up. One he was trying to untangle himself from. I trust my husband completely." She smiled at him. "Plus, I know the bitch. She's been trying to upset me for years."

"Oh." Susan went darker. "I'm so sorry I assumed the worst." She whispered. 

"What I find interesting... is how much that affects you." Elunara smiled and put her hand on Susan's shoulder. 

"Oh, Gods, I'm so sorry." Susan put her hands to her face. "I just... I know he's yours and you're married and this is awful, and my husband has only been gone a few months, but your husband is just so kind and sweet and Tina loves the heck out of him, and I just can't understand how this could all go so wrong." She gasped for air.

"Well, that's a hell of a run on sentence." Elunara blinked. 

Grogek blushed. "Forgive me. I did not intend to make you feel that way." 

"It doesn't help that you're amazing to look at, and beautiful, and gentle, and..." Susan groaned. "Why can't I stop talking?" She stared at the ceiling. "Holy crap, is that a demon skull?" She blinked.

"Yeah, I killed it." Elunara shrugged. "Anyway, back to the topic at hand." 

"You... by yourself?"

"Yes."

Susan stepped back and stared. It was only then that she noticed Elunara was naked too. "Oh, Gods. I interrupted you, didn't I?"

Elunara looked down. "I always forget when I'm naked. Anyway, Tina interrupted us, not you."

"Does not help." She sighed. "Gods, I have a crush on a married man. My soul is cursed." 

Elunara jerked her thumb at Susan, and grinned at Grogek. "I like this chick, she's dramatic."

"Love, don't tease the poor woman."

"What did you say before? If she can't handle what I dish out, she's not worthy of your affections?" Elunara winked.

"And you score a point." He laughed. 

"You say the most confusing things."

"Sweetheart, I'm a woman who has two husbands, a wife, and runs a business in which I have sex with people."

"Two businesses." Grogek corrected. 

"No, that one I teach people how to have FUN sex. And if we're counting my businesses, I think I'm up to seven. I'll have to figure that one out another time. My first husband, Grogek here, is a complete and utter teddy bear. Yeah, he was the biggest, meanest, Iron Horde mother fucker the world could know, training men under Grommash, but now he's my Sugarbear and he has a weak spot for the cute and innocent. He married me, because I'm a crazy ass bitch who will slit your throat and forget you ever existed, but it's that sweetness that's kept us together. I know he likes you, he can't help himself. I also know he's weirded out by the fact he also has a mild crush on you." 

"Love!" He flushed.

"What? You know my rule on complete honesty."

"You... have a crush on me too?" Susan squeaked. 

"You really know how to put someone on the spot, love." Grogek sighed and put a hand over his face. 

"I'm sorry, but this is one of those situations in which it is called for." Elunara shrugged. "She obviously got upset enough to decide to just leave, which set poor Tina off, which led to this incredibly awkward situation." She strolled over to Grogek and, moving behind him, put her hands on his shoulders. "You're a very kind hearted person, but you can't keep her in the dark, because it's cruel to her."

"As always, you are right." He sighed. 

"I'm having such a hard time keeping up with all of this." Susan sighed. 

"Don't worry, you'll get used to it eventually." Elunara winked. 

Grogek laughed. "My love, you can be quite baffling."

She leaned against his shoulder. "Well, you know me, I like to watch." She whispered. 

Grogek grabbed the towel, but it was too late, his erection was already uncovered again. 

Susan's eyes went wide and she backed up a step. 

Elunara licked the edge of Grogek's ear.

"Now who's being cruel?" Grogek growled. 

"You know, Grogek's little beauty... I teach sex. I could always show you how to take him in." She purred.

"Uh, what?" Susan shook her head. "He's too big." She whispered.

"Nonsense." Elunara grinned. "Sure, it'll be a tight fit... but I'll help you." 

"I..."

"You gave birth to a child in the natural way, did you not?"

"Well, yes..." 

"Then you'll be just fine. He's nowhere near the size of THAT." 

"Gods, why is this turning me on?" He whimpered. 

"I think the better question is... why is this turning ME on?" Elunara whispered. "I'm dripping down my leg back here."

"Oh, gods." He groaned. 

"Come over here, and let me show you." Elunara grinned. 

Pulled in by the spell of Elunara's words, Susan walked over until she was at Grogek's knees. Elunara came around and stood beside Susan, her hands on the woman's shoulders. Grogek reached up and brushed his fingers across Elunara's dripping folds. He slicked them through, and stuck his sticky fingers in his mouth. 

"I will never do anything against your will." Elunara whispered. "Please know that."

Grogek buried a pair of fingers into Elunara and groaned. 

Susan nodded. "I... understand."

Elunara tugged Susan's dress off. "Mm, now you are a little beauty." She moved out of the way and helped Susan on to the couch, the woman's knees on either side of Grogek's hips. Even as high up as Susan was, the tip of Grogek's dick brushed against her folds. 

He groaned and ran his hand up Susan's belly. 

Timidly, she put her hands on his shoulders and blushed.

Elunara reached her hand under Susan, and slipped her fingers back and forth. "Yes, you're nice and wet. Won't need any help from me there." Gently, she tugged Susan open, placing her nicely on top of Grogek's waiting dick. "We're going to go slow for you, make it nice and gentle." 

Grogek moved his hands to Susan's hips and began to guide her down. 

Susan gasped and grabbed wildly.

"You're doing just fine." Elunara whispered. "He's much bigger than you're used to, but that's ok. He'd never hurt you." 

"Never." He whispered. 

"That's my girl. Take him in. There's the tight spot..." She wrapped her arms around Susan's waist. "We're both guiding you, making it soft, making it wonderful." 

"Ah!" Susan clung to Grogek's shoulders. "No more." She whimpered. 

"Have I hurt you?" He frowned. 

"No... no I... I'm not sure I can go further." 

Elunara ran her hand across Susan's belly. She leaned back and looked. "Not even an inch more, my girl. You can take him all. I know you can." She pushed and Susan slid down all the way. 

Susan gasped and dug her nails into Grogek's shoulders.

Elunara released her grip and backed away. "She's all yours now." She licked her lips and grinned. Stooping down, she ran her hands on Grogek's knees and waited. 

"Oh! Oh, my. I..." Susan swallowed hard. "I'm not..."

He cupped his hands on either side of her face, and tugged her to him. Carefully, gently, he kissed her. He explored the tastes and textures of her mouth. When she responded in kind, he moved his hands softly down her tiny body, to her soft hips. Taking her hips into his hands, he began to slowly move her up and down on him. She gasped and struggled to hold on to his arms. 

As the woman's body began to go up and down, Elunara slipped a pair of fingers into herself, and enjoyed watching. It never even occurred to her to be jealous of this. She watched in aroused fascination as the smaller woman's tight pussy sucked at her husband's massive dick. Just watching this little scene was almost as good as being spread out the same. 

He slowly began to increase his pace, dragging her up the length of him, before pushing her back down. He licked and sucked at her chest and breasts, as she called out, her head laid back. He shoved her down as he let go, filling her. She clamped down around him and clung to him for dear life. Collapsing against him, she shuddered. 

Susan pushed her hair out of her face. "This is the strangest thing I've ever done." She whispered. 

Grogek kissed her shoulder. "Forgive me."

"Not even a top five for me." Elunara sat on to the couch. "Wait til he deflates a bit more, it'll be easier to pull you off." 

"I'm currently... straddling your husband, and you don't care?" Susan was completely baffled.

"I got off on it." Elunara shrugged and licked her sticky fingers.

"Great, now I'll never get soft." Grogek snorted. 

"I am so confused..." Susan shifted and dislodged herself, only to find her legs covered in his juices. 
