 Jordan scratched his head. "So, wait... Grogek really DOES have a girlfriend? That's a little weird."

"It'll change our dynamic a little, but that's nothing new." Elunara shrugged. 

"Yeah, but new people are usually addicted to YOU, not HIM." Jordan gestured to Grogek. 

"Yes, but she's very straight, I assure you."

"That's what you said about Zelinnia." Tulani giggled.

"Zelinnia is special." Elunara grinned. 

Tina was happily running all over the house. 

"Look, we'll make this work-"

"CATCH ME, DADDY!" Tina leapt off the banister. 

Susan shrieked.

Grogek effortlessly caught the child with one hand, and held her in her arms. "Don't you do that again, little missy." He fussed. "That was dangerous and poorly thought out."

"But, I knew you'd catch me." She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek. 

"And kill your mother with a heart attack in the process?" He raised an eyebrow. 

Tina gave a dramatic sigh. "Sorry, Mommy." She slid down out of Grogek's hands. "I'm going to see if my brothers want to play now!" She ran over to the door and knocked. 

Bradly blinked down. 

"Can I come play?"

"Uh, sure?"

"YEAY!" Tina ran past them and up the stairs. 

"Gah!" Bradly chased after her.

Susan sat down and started to hyperventilate. 

Grogek put a hand on her back. "It's alright, I caught her."

"NO! DADDY?? BROTHERS???" She yanked at her hair. "It hasn't been a DAY!"

"Kids do that shit." Elunara snorted. "I absolutely hated Bradly, because he was a nasty little shit. Then I saved him, and he called my child "brother" the next day. When I sent his abusive mother packing back to Stormwind, he was calling me "Momma Elunara" the next day. Now he's my child completely, and calls Jordan "dad". It's crazy I tell ya. They get a thought in their head and it sticks."

Grogek chuckled. "I remember you in the floor of the library, just sitting there with this dazed look on your face. I was so worried..."

"Until she said Bradly had called Darguni brother." Tulani giggled. "Then their faces matched."

"Until they called you Papa Jordan..." Elunara pointed. "Then YOU had the same damned expression."

"Kids are a complete kick in the pants." Jordan laughed. "You never know WHAT they're going to say."

Elunara sighed. "Tina just woke up Lulu." She jogged up the stairs. "TINA! SHUT IT!" She tucked into Lulu's room. 

Tina stuck her head out of the boy's room. "Sorry, Mommy Elunara..." 

"Come here." 

"Yes, ma'am." Tina ducked her head and walked into the room. 

Soon, singing began to fill the house. 

"Oh, I like this one." Tulani closed her eyes and swayed to the song. 

"What is that?" Susan marveled. 

"That is Elunara." Grogek sighed and smiled. "Her voice is magic."

The music stopped and Elunara quietly left the room, softly closing the door behind her. She wiped her hands. "Now Tina's out for the count too." She giggled. "And probably Tulani." 

Grogek laughed and scooped Tulani into his arms. "I'll be back." He whispered. 

Susan watched him effortlessly carry the Draenei up to the room. "I can never get over how gentle he is." After a moment, she turned red and stared at her feet.

Jordan's eyebrows shot up. Elunara nodded and Jordan looked dumbstruck. "Later." He mouthed. She nodded again. "Well, I'm going to bed." Jordan stretched. He tugged Elunara into his embrace and gave her a brain searing kiss. "Good night, Baby."

She ran her fingers through his hair. "Good Night, Sugar." 

"Mm, half tempted to throw you in my bed and have my way with you." 

"Maybe another night, Sexy. I have stuff to resolve."

Grogek snorted. "I already had her, you can take her tonight." 

"Hey, if this works out, you can always have someone to keep you company while I have at this one." Jordan laughed. He stopped and cocked his head to the side. "But who keeps my bed warm while you two have at it?" Jordan pouted.

"Sugar, we all know you can't get it up for anyone but me." 

Jordan snorted. "Yeah, well, you said the same of Grogek." 

"Last I remember... you had to be forced."

Jordan twitched. "Yeah, well, she was a total waste of flesh anyway."

"That's for damned sure." Elunara snorted. "She didn't even have the decency to let me kill her myself." 

"Yeah, well, your revenge was better anyhow." 

"No one hurts or takes what is mine." She growled. 

"I'm sorry!" Susan yelped. 

"Oh, Sweetie. You don't count." Elunara sighed. "If she's going to be family, she should know the truth."

Jordan went red and frowned. "Fine." 

After Elunara explained, Susan blinked. "Just like happened to Toppa."

"What?" Elunara and Jordan asked at once.

"Well, he didn't have a baby come of it... but yes. Toppa is... well he doesn't really like females. He... politely discouraged one and she took offense, got a succubus and... pop." She shrugged. "He refuses to speak of it, and it happened so long ago... but yes. The same thing happened to him. It's why he has always lobbied so hard to get Warlocks removed from Stormwind."

"Does Varian know this?" Elunara considered.

"Var- oh, the King? I highly doubt it. Misty doesn't even know. The reason I know, is I'm the one who stopped her." Susan flushed. 

"How?" 

"Well, it's a little fuzzy and mostly an accident... but I attacked her. You see, he was walking off, with this weird look on his face and he wasn't responding to me. So, I grabbed a glass of water, intending to splash him in the face... but when I caught back up with him, I found them in an embrace, and I dove at her, and my glass fell on her book. I don't know what it did exactly, but the succubus turned on its master. It gets... nasty from there."

"I wonder if you messed up the control runes." Elunara tapped her chin. "How long? How long had he been under her affect?"

"I can't tell you that one." She sighed. "He begged me not to tell, so I haven't. Please don't tell him I did."

"No intention of it." Elunara shrugged. 

"What happened to the girl?" Jordan sighed. 

"The succubus ripped her head off." Susan shuddered. 

"Ouch." Jordan winced. 

Grogek ran his hand down Susan's back. "Thank you for telling us this." 

Susan jolted upright. "I should go to bed now. Good night!" She fled to the safety of the bedroom. 

Grogek frowned. "What?"

Elunara nearly choked. "Well, someone got hot in a hurry." 

He blushed. "Oh." 

Jordan sighed. "Dammit, I've lost my taste for it tonight." 

"Aw, Sugar, I'm so sorry."

"No, it's fine. If we are letting her in, she has to know the truth about Lulu." 

"I just hate that it upsets you." 

He raked his fingers through his hair. "Yeah. Well, I guess it just will ever so often."

She brushed her lips against his. "I'm sorry."

"At least Lulu no longer triggers it." He smiled. "She's my little girl." 

"Good." 

Grogek hugged Jordan. "We will make it right."

Jordan laughed. "You already do, big guy." He sighed. "I'm going to bed." 

They watched him walk up the stairs and close the door. 

Grogek wrapped his arms around her waist. "What of our newest member?"

"I honestly haven't heard a sound out of there. I think she buried herself under her covers and blacked out in her panic." 

"Well, then..."

"I never did show you that setting on the couch." She winked. 

Susan sat on the floor, back to the door, and fingers raked through her hair. "Oh Gods, Oh Gods, Oh Gods..." She repeated over and over in her head. She had SEX with GROGEK and his WIFE WATCHED! Forget watched, she freaking HELPED! Susan just LOOKED at the man and she went into fantasyland, but then... BUT THEN! She was completely freaking OUT! To make matters worse, her dear, sweet little girl had apparently decided that Grogek was her father now! 

This was INSANE! Completely INSANE! Noises caught her attention and she peeked out of the door. What she saw... completely baffled her. The couch was no longer a couch, but a large slab standing on its end. Elunara had hooked her legs over the top, and Grogek had buried his face in her... Susan closed the door with a squeak. The man apparently had a sexual appetite to rival his SIZE! His SIZE! Susan went red as she thought about that. Her hand went down and rubbed her own crotch. With some embarrassment, she yanked her hand away and climbed in the bed, desperately willing herself to go to sleep!

Maybe in the morning, she'd recover her sanity and escape back home. She stopped and sighed. What was home anymore? She couldn't handle the farm on her own. It was hard enough as it was with Isaac. She was a quiet little homemaker. Maybe she'd honor Isaac's promise and just give the farm to Arnold. She sighed and stared at the ceiling. What options did she have anyway?

Elunara had heard the door, but with Grogek's dick in her throat, she couldn't do much about anything. She was distracted enough, that she didn't expect him to explode in her mouth. She tried to swallow but she began to choke. 

Grogek jerked back and helped her up. "Are you alright?"

"I did not expect gravity." She coughed. "Ugh, it's hard to breathe when it all goes into your nose." 

Grogek snorted. "Didn't plan that one out?"

"Maybe I should change the angle." She grabbed her board. 

He just laughed. "You and your plans."

"She opened the door, by the way." 

Grogek frowned and looked over. 

Elunara jerked a couple of levers on the couch and returned it to normal position. She flopped back down. "Yeah, she got an eyeful."

"Should I be concerned?" He dropped down next to her and pulled out a towel.

"We'll figure it out." She kissed his cheek and then leaned back against him.

He wiped her mouth off, and then his face. "I'm not even sure what's going on myself." 

"You have a girlfriend." Elunara winked. 

"I'm just not sure how that happened." 

"Neither is she." Elunara worked on her notes. 

"That's comforting at least." He sighed. 

"You care about her." She shrugged. "You've fallen in love with her spunky little girl, and as a result, you have feelings for the Momma. It's not all that uncommon. She, on the other hand, recently lost her husband to tragedy and is now wandering around, desperate to understand her new life without him. Suddenly, she stumbles into you, and she sees how beautifully you treat the one person she can count on in this awful situation. It's sweet and adorable, and a little bit sad, because you are a fully devoted, married man, and she sees something in you that she wants for herself. She's too good of a person to just take what she wants, and you're... you."

"You always cut to the heart of things, my love."

Susan sat by the barely cracked door and let the tears go. She had no idea why she had returned to the door, but she was glad she had.

"Now you have to decide... do you let her down soft? Or do you give it a chance, and try to open a little door to your heart? I already know where you're going, but do you?" Elunara curled up into Grogek's lap.

He sighed. "I love you with all of my soul, my beautiful little she wolf. I want you to always know that. But... I believe I am pulling a you, and letting someone new into my heart. It's very confusing and difficult to understand." He wrapped his arms around her. "And I'm partially terrified that you will be hurt in the process."

"Oh, you silly teddy bear." She sighed and cuddled up to him. "It would hurt me more if you didn't see it out. Because I would feel guilty that I was the one to block you. Never worry about me, because as you said, I cut to the truth of the matter. I know where your heart lies; I know you belong to me, forever and always." She brushed her lips against his. "It would be wrong of me, and it would hurt my heart, to have all that I have, and not allow you the same." 

"Thank you, my love." He toyed with her hair. "How do you manage it?"

"By making sure I spend time with each of you. Yes, I sometimes spend more time with one than the other for a little while, but I try to balance it out. I love each of you so much, and it would hurt me for one of you to feel less than the other, so I take my time. Sometimes, you loonies get involved in your work, and it gives me a little break. Like when Tulani gets so involved in her fancy dresses, that I don't see her for several days. I take that time to get other stuff done."

"Huh. I knew you organized us... but..."

"You're a disciplined sort. You'll find your time to court her."

He laughed. "Is that how it is?"

"I know you." She licked his chin. 

He considered. "I guess that is how it is." 

"You, my lovely husband, are adorable." 

He yawned. "Come, my love. I am quite exhausted."

"How do you think all of you make ME feel?"

He stood up, her in his arms. He snorted. "We feed you. You're probably hyper already. How I keep up with you is often a mystery." 

Susan woke up with a groan. She had been so afraid of letting them know she was listening, that long after they went stairs, she sat by the door. Apparently, she'd fallen asleep where she sat. Now she had a massive crick in her neck. She climbed up and frowned. In a panic, she burst through the door. What she found, was Elunara at the table, feeding both Tina and Lulu. 

"Hello."

"Uh... hello." Susan rubbed her neck.

"You shouldn't sleep in the floor, sweetie."

Susan turned red. 

"Oh, don't worry. Only I know." She stuffed another spoonful in Lulu's mouth. "I'll give you a neck rub as soon as I'm done here."

"Hi, Mommy!" Tina smiled over her bowl of cereal. "Mommy Elunara says I can help feed Lulu next time if I watch REAL close." 

"I can't believe she calls you that." Susan sat down and grabbed a piece of fruit. 

"Oh, half the kids call me that these days. Though it's normally "Momma Elunara" but whatever." She waved her hand. 

"You just take everything in stride."

"That I do." She shoved another spoonful in Lulu's mouth. "I seem reasonable most of the time, but people can tell you that I..." Elunara sighed and went for the door. 

"Hey, uh, we had an incident..." Gerald held out the picture. "What would it cost to get it fixed?"

Elunara sighed. "Ok, the broken glass I won't ask about... but the jelly??"

"William has a damned good arm, actually."

"Huh. Now I'm impressed." She considered. "I'll have to charge you for materials, but redoing it shouldn't be that bad." 

"Sweet." 

"What's that?" Susan peered over. 

Elunara put her hand on the woman's face. "I do not violate client's privacy. Sorry." She scooted the picture out of range and tucked it into the library. "I don't care who you are. None of the others try for peeks, you won't either."

Susan blushed. "Sorry."

"Who is this?" Gerald jerked his head. 

"Grogek's girlfriend."

"HIS WHAT?" 

"Good bye, Gerald." 

He planted himself in the entry way. "Nuh, uh, SISTER. I'm as much a part of this family as anyone else, I want to know."

"I told you."

"Since when does Grogek have ANY interest in something that's not his WIFE?"

"Since Susan is just that damned adorable. Ask him." Elunara grinned. 

"Oh, BELIEVE me, I will." Gerald stomped out.

"That was your brother?"

"By declaration only." Elunara shrugged.