 Gingy eyed her appearance in the mirror. It had taken some fast talking, a good deal of pleading, and finally a promise, to get her into Tulani's door. Now, in order to actually receive her purchase, she would have to make good on her promise. She'd been given two weeks, but gods knew that negotiations could take FOREVER. Gingy wasn't happy about it, but she would do whatever it took to get her hands on that gorgeous work Tulani had designed. 

She had practiced, and practiced, and practiced. She had formulated a response to whatever argument could come up. Uncle Toppa had taught her, that the best way to get what you wanted was to argue without emotion. To bring an attacker down, bit by bit with your sheer will. She would do this, oh yes. She would make this work. She slapped her hairbrush down on her vanity. 

Since the argument the other day, her mother had just outright avoided her. Her mother's favorite revenge tactic was ignoring your existence. This was just fine, as Gingy wouldn't get her Tulani original any other way. She knew that her mother found Tulani's existence to be an offense. Not that she knew why, or particularly cared. It was completely ridiculous that she should be cut out of the latest trend over some petty grievance. 

Making her way outside, she had an idea of where she could find her target, so she headed in that direction first. Well, if she had to play nice, she would. Unlike her mother, she was willing to lower herself, just to get what she wanted. Besides, it wasn't as if breeding meant anything anymore. Not since Elunara's family came to town. Even the most well to do families were turning to Elunara and her family for just about everything. From family portraits, to frilly dresses. 

She could practically feel that soft fabric against her skin, the soft sway of the skirts... she sighed dreamily.

Out of nowhere, arms grabbed her and yanked her into the alleyway. She screamed, but a hand clasped over her mouth. "Hush now, little girl, and I won't kill you... yet." He laughed into her ear. "No, I like em fresh. I've been watching you for awhile. It's always the snotty ones that taste the best when you break them."

Lydia frowned. She knew she heard a scream. Deep in her mind, she knew she needed to find a guard, but what if she was too late? She had to help whoever screamed. Maybe it was just a lost child... No. That was blood curdling. Turning down an alley, she recognized the frilly dress. She did not recognize the dirty arms clinging to the girl. Yanking her staff loose of its holder she growled. "Let her GO!" 

"Oh looky, another little one." He pulled a knife out of his pocket. "Go away, girly. I was coming for you another day. The strong ones are always second best to break." He licked his lips.

"Really? You're pathetic." Lydia snorted. "You'll never beat me. I've trained with the best. You're just worthless scum." 

"How about I just cut you up right now?" He growled. He shoved Gingy to the ground and lunged at Lydia. 

She dodged him and whacked him in the back. 

"You little bitch!" He spit, as he lunged again.

"Gravy!" Lydia sighed. "I've seen better in the kid's division!" She cracked him in the head several times before he collapsed. "That wasn't even a work out." Lydia ran her fingers through her hair. 

Gingy threw herself at Lydia. "You saved me! Even after I was SO mean to you!" she began to cry.

"Uh, well... what kind of person would I be, if I let him get by with that?" Lydia shrugged. "Come on; help me drag him out of the alley so we can get a guard. 

"Yes! Yes, of course! Anything for you!" 

Elunara opened the door and blinked. 

"Miss Elunara? I have a slight problem."

"You got a little someone stuck to your arm."

"Yeah... I kind of saved her." 

"Come on in." 

Susan blinked in amazement. "What?"

"So, yeah... I kind of saved her from a maniac in an alley, and now she refuses to let go of my arm."

"Happens to me all the time." Elunara sighed. 

"Figured you'd know how to dislodge her."

"You saved me, you saved me!" Gingy wiped her nose on Lydia's sleeve. "Even though I didn't deserve to be saved, you did!"

"Gingy!" Elunara clapped her hands. "There's hero worship, and then there's undignified blabbering. Which one do you fall into?"

Gingy blinked and jerked to attention. "Forgive me." She straightened her dress. Frowning, she began to cry. "HE TORE IT!" Gingy sat in the floor and wailed. 

Elunara slapped a hand to her face. "Elune, save me." 

Lydia stuck her fingers in her ears. "I liked the blabbering better." 

Soon Lulu joined in the wailing.

Tulani opened her door. "What in the WORLD?"

"HE TORE MY DRESS!" Gingy cried. 

"Who?"

Lydia sighed. "Some maniac in an alley grabbed her... I knocked him out, and she's been clinging to me ever since, until she noticed her dress."

Tulani sighed. "Come on then, let's repair it." 

Gingy scrambled up and ran into Tulani's studio.

"Gods, you'd think that dress was more important than her life." Lydia sighed. 

"To girls like her? It is." Elunara shrugged and rocked Lulu. "Come on; tell me the rest of it."

"Not much to tell." Lydia took her staff off and sat down. "I heard a scream, followed it to Gingy. The guy came at me with a knife, but I just smacked him a few times and he clunked over. I've seen better fighting on the kids." She snorted. 

"Eh, bastards like that prey on those that can't fight back." Elunara shrugged. "That's my girl, though."

Lydia grinned. "Like you taught me." 

"Is... she your daughter?" Susan blinked. 

"She might as well be." Elunara snorted. 

Lydia blushed and fiddled with her staff. "Miss Elunara fixed my legs. Then she taught me how to run, and now she teaches me how to fight. She's done everything for me." 

"You're so kind..." Susan marveled. 

"Who is this?" Lydia asked. 

"Grogek's girlfriend."

Lydia dropped her staff and stared. "Wha...?"

Susan blushed. "Why does everyone HAVE that reaction?"

"Because his devotion is legendary." Elunara scooped up both Lulu and Tina. "I'll get these two laid down." She made her way up the stairs. 

"But you CAN'T!" Lydia blurted. "Grogek belongs to Elunara! You can't just..." She stood up. Grabbing her staff, she ran out of the house. 

Elunara came out of the baby's room, looked over the banister, and blinked. "What just happened?" She leapt over the banister. "Watch the babies." She took off after Lydia. 

Susan sat there in complete shock. 

Grogek blinked and stared down at Lydia, who was currently kicking his leg. "What is the matter with you, little she pup?"

"YOU CAN'T!"

"I can't what?" 

"You just CAN'T!" She tried to punch him, but he didn't even flinch. "You belong to Elunara! You can't cheat on her! That's just wrong!" 

He sighed and rolled his eyes. "This again?" 

Elunara wrapped her arms around Lydia and dragged her off of Grogek. "Listen here, you little twit." She growled. "It's not cheating if I TOLD him to DO it."

"You..." Lydia stared.

"For the love of all things fuzzy, I have two husbands, and a WIFE, how is Grogek exempt from my weirdness?"

"I..." 

"Listen to me." Elunara stooped down. "First of all, you're making a nasty scene, over something I told you. You didn't hear it as rumor; you didn't come across it by accident. I freaking told you. I'm not mad, I'm not even upset. In fact, I find it completely adorable and have been HELPING this along. Look at me, do I look betrayed?"

"No..." She said slowly. 

"I'm touched, I really am, that you care enough to be offended. But, I'm not. So, you shouldn't be." 

"Yeah, Lydia. I'm not even mad, and he's my dad." Darguni snorted. 

Lydia turned flame red. "Oh." She fidgeted. "Permission to go bury my head under my pillow."

"Permission granted." Elunara sighed. 

Lydia took off running again. 

"You know..." Everyone looked over at Jordan. "It feels fantastic to not be the one in the center of a mess, for once." 

"Brother, when I figure out how, I will make you pay for that comment." Grogek snorted. 

Jordan shook his head. "Nope. I've paid, and paid, and paid to even be ABLE to make that damned comment. I'm free!" He threw his hands up.

"SO IT'S TRUE?" Gerald gawked. 

"Possibly." Grogek flushed. 

"Oh, my GAWD, orcs can BLUSH!" Gerald pointed. 

Grogek sighed. "My love, maybe it is YOU I should punish."

"You know she'd only enjoy it." Jordan snorted. 

"Yes, but so would I." Grogek grinned. 

"What in the WORLD is going on over here?" Mark eyed them. 

"Oh, we're just discussing Grogek's girlfriend."

"HIS WHAT?" Mark shrieked.

"Wow, I've only heard that noise come out of men I've ripped the balls off of." Elunara nodded appreciatively. 

"My love, I'm quite convinced at this point, that you're only telling people so you can enjoy their reactions."

"Damn, he's on to me." 

Mark yanked at his hair. "Jordan has a child, Grogek has a girlfriend... the standards of devotion have been completely destroyed!" 

"They get better and better." Elunara laughed. 

"What in the WORLD is going on over here? I can hear the yelling all the way up in the Keep."

"Hello, lover." Elunara grinned. "We're just discussing Grogek's girlfriend."

Varian just blinked. "Well... where is this mythological creature?"

"Well, she..."

"Grogek!" Susan stumbled forward, Lulu in arm. "Grogek, Tina's disappeared on me again." She sighed. "She woke up from her nap, had a fit, woke Lulu and then just ran. I couldn't catch her, and I couldn't leave Lulu..." 

Elunara plucked Lulu from Susan's arms. "What did she have a fit about?"

"I don't even know. I think she had a bad dream about her daddy... she wasn't making much sense, and I thought that..." 

Grogek ran his hands down Susan's arm. "Don't worry, angel. We will find her." He turned her around. "We'll start at the house, figure it out from there."

"Right!" 

They both ran off and Elunara leaned back against the platform. "Angels are mythological creatures, aren't they?" She looked up at Varian, whose mouth had dropped open. 

He put his fist to his mouth and coughed. "Does this mean I get more time?"

"Hey, that's what I asked!" Jordan snorted. 

"Men." Elunara rolled her eyes. 

They arrived at the front of the house. "Now, which way did she go?" 

Susan looked back and forth. "That way, I think. I chased her for a few feet before I remembered Lulu..."

"That's fine." He set off in the direction she pointed. Mentally, he cursed himself for not waiting on Elunara. She was the superior tracker. Well, he was no light weight, he would find the girl. He was just so frightened for her, that his mind reacted before he had a chance to direct it. That was a curious feeling on its own. "There. She went through here." He continued to follow the trail of trampled grass. 

With a frown, he doubled back a time or two to pick up her trail. He suddenly wished he had his wife's hearing. "She's nearby." He looked around the grove of trees. "Just where, I'm not sure." He finally heard the faint whimpering and followed it to a nearby tree. "There you are, Tiny Tina."

"No! Go away!" 

He tamped down the crush of rejection, but it still leaked through in his voice. "But, why?" 

"No! You'll die too!" 

He laughed. "Oh, little one. Nothing can bring me down." 

"I don't want you to die!" She wailed, as she clung to the tree.

"Listen here, I died once."

Tina stopped and stared. "What?"

"Yep. I was dead. It took a trap and fifteen of the meanest orcs in Draenor to bring me down." He put his hands on his hips. "And when I died... my wife, Elunara, went berserk. She killed forty five of those orcs, reached my body and DEMANDED my soul back. And you know what?"

"What?"

"She became a goddess."

"A goddess?"

"That's right. Elunara is a goddess, and when she wants you alive, you live."

"Can... can she bring my daddy back?"

"I'm sorry little one. It's been far too long. Your father's soul has gone beyond. However, with her around, I cannot die. She wouldn't let me if I tried. She wouldn't let anyone take any of her family. You are part of our family now too. She'll protect you." 

"She will?" 

He raised his arms. "Come to me, my little pup. Let me show you a true goddess." 

Tina jumped out of the tree and landed on Grogek. He hugged her tightly. "Come now, you shouldn't worry us like that." 

"I'm sorry." Tina sniffled. "Mommy Elunara is a goddess?"

"Yes, yes she is. Some call her the Goddess of War and Mercy." 

"What does that mean?"

"Well, it's something you have to understand as you get older... but the best way to explain; is that when she is angry... nothing can stop her rage. However, she also does everything she can to help people."

"Like me and Mommy?"

"Exactly."

Susan put a hand to her mouth and giggled. "You really have her buying that." She whispered. 

"It's true." Grogek blinked. "She really is a goddess. Elune herself calls Elunara "Little sister"." He shrugged. "You will learn, eventually, why so many worship her." 

Susan blinked. "How am I supposed to compete with a GODDESS?" She smacked a hand over her mouth.

He laughed. "You're not. You really couldn't." He shrugged. "You're... joining her, as it were." He grinned and ran his knuckle under Susan's chin. 

Susan flushed. "This is all so strange."

"Don't worry too hard about it." Leaning over, he kissed the side of her head. 

Tina giggled. 

They made their way down to the training yard. Elunara was sitting on the platform with Lulu. All eyes tracked Grogek and Susan. 

"Hey, Love, how about a spar?"

"I'd LOVE to. You have no idea." Elunara grinned. 

"Angel, if you'd please watch Lulu." Grogek grinned. He stuck Tina on the platform. "You sit right here, and I'll show you her "War"." 

"Have you been going on about that Goddess thing again?" Elunara sighed. 

"They've got to know all sides of you." 

"Too true." Elunara dropped down off of the platform and grabbed her staff. The entire yard bolted out of the way. 

Susan watched in complete and utter fascination as the pair tried to kill each other. "What in the world am I watching?" She marveled. 

"Elunara and Grogek on a normal day." Jordan hopped up on the platform and sat down. "I'm just waiting to see if she calls me down too."

"Too?"

He grinned. "Hey! Your wings are showing!"

Elunara halted and looked back. "Shit." She dodged the next attack. "HELL WITH IT!"

Jordan jumped down and summoned his sword. "Let's go, Baby!"

"She's so COOL!" Tina breathed. "Look, Mommy! Look at her glow!"

"Mark! Gerald! I want a work out!" Elunara laughed like a maniac, as the next two men jumped in the ring. "Let's show them how a goddess DOES IT!!"

Tulani sat down on the platform. "She doesn't do this often." 

"What IS this?"

"This is Elunara burning off energy." Tulani shrugged and pulled out her sewing. "It's usually just her and Grogek. When she wants to show off skill, she gets Jordan involved. This? This is just showing off for the fun of it."

"Damn!" Gerald collapsed to one knee. "You sneaky bitch!"

"Shoulda been quicker!" Elunara called out cheerily. 

"Avenge me!" He panted. 

"I've got her!" Mark called. 

She disabled him just as quickly. "Sorry, Mark. Don't call out your attacks!" She shoved him off the ring. 

Jordan laughed. "Baby, it's hard to even see you when you turn your back to me." 

"Fine then!" She rose into the air, her arms to either side of her. When she reached a zenith, she shot out a wave of energy, buffing all around her. She dropped to the ground. "That better?" 

"Much!" He laughed, going in for a kill shot. 

"She IS a goddess!" Tina bounced. 

"My... that was..."

Tulani laughed. "Well, so much for that hand cramp." 

"GAH!" Elunara was trapped between Jordan and Grogek's arms. "Hey now, we were told to keep those sorts of activities to home or The Grove." She winked. Slithering out of their combined grasped, she brought them both to their knees with a pair of well placed hits. 

Jordan and Grogek wound up in some strange embrace. "Damn it, woman, you're going to bring that awful rumor back." Jordan tried to untangle himself from Grogek. 

"You mean this one?" Grogek grabbed Jordan's face and planted one on him.

"GAH! GET OFF OF ME!" Jordan began to scramble backwards. "I'LL GET YOU FOR THAT!" 

"What's wrong with a little brotherly love?" Grogek cackled. 

"Alright you two corndogs..." Elunara used her pressure points to release them. 

Jordan jumped up and grabbed her, assaulting her mouth. 

"Hey! My turn!" Grogek grabbed Elunara and repeated the performance. 

Elunara licked her lips. "Well, now you've just gotten me started." She grabbed both of them and hauled them out of the ring. "Hey, Sus, keep Lulu for me. I'll be back." 

"What did I just watch?" Susan whimpered. 

"Elunara." Tulani shrugged. "Oh, don't worry. Grogek is never with anyone else as he is with Elunara. They're made for each other, as they're the only people in the universe who can handle the punishment they can dish out. However, Grogek is always sweet and gentle with me, so of course he would be for you."

"You've... had sex with Grogek?"

"The best I can explain, with ears listening... is that I have been involved in Elunara having sex with Grogek." She smiled. "In fact, I have been involved with Elunara having sex with Grogek AND Jordan. Elunara shares her body at a whim, and usually in the most creative way she can imagine at the time. Grogek is always up for assisting her, as we all are." 

"Oh, wow." Susan sighed. "I can't compete..." 

"This family is not a competition. None of us compete with each other, and neither should you. If Grogek loves you, he loves you for who you are, not who you could be. We are all that way. You accept our flaws, or you don't accept us at all." 

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to insult you..."

"You didn't. However, I am telling you before you insult someone else."

"I wanna go see Daddy Grogek." 

Tulani's hand shot out and she grabbed the back of Tina's dress. "Oh, no you don't. Grogek is busy with Elunara. You do NOT interrupt."

"But..."

"You will learn our signs and symbols soon enough, little one. But right now, you will sit here patiently and await his return. Whenever that may be." 

"FINE!" Tina sat back down with a sigh. 

"Part of me feels like I should be insulted you all treat my child as your own... but it actually... makes me want to cry."

Tulani sighed and wrapped her arm around Susan. "For better or worse, the both of you ARE our own now." 

Elunara lay on the modified couch, a bridge between two dicks. Grogek was plowed into her slick folds; Jordan was currently fucking her mouth. It often made her giggle, how well the two of them synced up in their fucking of her. If they bridged her, or if they filled her, it didn't matter, they knew the best way to fuck her together. They came together, filling her a different way. She giggled and sat up, wiping off her face. 

"Much better." She stretched.

Jordan laughed. "Well, if you wouldn't get yourself so worked up."

"Then she wouldn't be our Elunara." Grogek winked and licked her shoulder. "Or my vicious little she wolf." 

She leaned back and sighed. "I do SO enjoy the both of you." 

"How is his little girlfriend going to tie into all of this?"

Elunara shrugged. "We'll all figure it out. But, I guess... Sugarbear will have more private moments." She ran her hand on Grogek's cheek.

"Like you, I'll have to figure out how she fits into... the schedule." Grogek sighed and ran his hands on Elunara's sides. 

"I don't think Susan has the stomach for the craziness we all manage." She shook her head. 

"Who does?" Jordan winked. 

"It's up to her." Elunara shrugged.