 "You know, when I need the house, you'll need to find something to do, other than locking yourself in your room." Elunara worked on her boards. 

"I guess." Susan sighed. "I was never more than just a glorified housewife. It worked for us." 

"I believe there's more to life than that." Elunara shrugged. "Don't worry, Sweetie, I'll help you."

Susan tapped her pencil on her paper. "As you tend to do." She sighed. 

"What are you working on over there?"

"I'm trying to write a letter back home... trying to decide... I guess... the rest of my life."

"You'll figure it out." Elunara stood up. "I need to deliver these measurements to my suppliers." She kissed Susan on her temple. "Watch Lulu for me, okay?"

Susan blushed. "Yes, of course."

Elunara waved and walked out. 

Susan kept putting her pencil to paper, but nothing came to her. Hearing a noise, she headed upstairs. While she calmed Lulu back to sleep, she heard the door open. After putting the sleeping child back in her bed, she stuck her head out of the room, and was faced with Grogek's bare chest. 

"Oh... Hello." She blushed. 

"Hello, Angel." He grinned. "I needed a new shirt."

"Ah." She followed him into his room. She bit her lip as she watched him move. 

He glanced back at her and grinned again. "Want something?"

"Maybe?" She whispered. 

Turning around, he walked back to her. He brushed his fingers across her cheek. "What would that be?" He whispered.

"I don't even know any more." 

He pressed his mouth to hers, whisper soft. Her hands came up around his neck, and he scooped her up. Laying her on the bed, he tugged the rest of his gear off, while she watched. After he climbed into the bed, he tugged her dress off, and tossed it to the floor. "You're so tiny and beautiful." He whispered. 

"I... I don't know about that." Her blush darkened. 

"Then I will show you." 

Kissing her again, he ran his hands across her body. Gently, he pressed her legs open and wrapped them up around his sides. Careful and slow, he pressed himself into her soft, slick folds. He groaned as she took him in bit by bit. As he continued to hold himself above her, careful to not crush her beneath him, he began to move his hips, dragging himself out, and slowly pushing back in. 

Susan gasped and writhed beneath him. It was easier this time, expecting the sheer size of him, but still, she was unused to being stretched out as such. She desperately wished to know what he was whispering to her. "Ah, Grogek... please..." She whimpered. She dragged at his neck. 

He buried his face into her shoulder, and enjoyed the feeling of her fingernails digging into the flesh of his back and shoulders. "Soft little angel, come for me." He whispered into her ear. 

The breath on her neck made her shiver, and then she was shuddering all over, desperately clinging to him. The clamp of her around him, made him explode into her tight space. With a groan, he dislodged himself from her. He rubbed his nose on her neck and, shifting to the side, cuddled her to him. 

Clinging to him, she panted. "What is wrong with me?" She whimpered.

"Why do you ask that?"

"I... Well, I feel faithless to my lost husband, I'm having sex with a married man, and now I want to move in permanently." She wiped her hair out of her face. 

"I hope you do..." He nuzzled against her. "Please stay with me."

"Your family is so strange, and yet so open and loving. It's... completely weird."

"The best kind of weird." Grogek grinned. "If you're going to live with us, you should read Elunara's books. Since you're rather delicate, I would recommend starting at the Draenor books. Her early ones are dark and upsetting."

They heard a door close. Susan tried to scramble out of the bed, but Grogek just held on to her. 

Elunara jogged upstairs to check on Lulu, but caught the scene in the bedroom. She tucked in. "I'm back."

Susan curled up, and tried to make herself small.

"Why are you embarrassed?" Elunara blinked. 

"I think she's still stuck on the "married" bit." 

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Should we marry you two off, just so she'll get over it?" 

Grogek grinned. "We'll reserve that one for another time."

"Sweetie, what's wrong with your hip?" Elunara bent down and ran her hand over Susan's hip. "I didn't see that the other day."

Grogek sat up on his elbow and frowned. 

Susan looked down. "Oh, that. It's something I've had for years. It comes and it goes. It gets really bad during high pollen seasons."

"So it's an allergy?"

"Sort of?"

"Easy enough." Elunara put both of her hands on Susan's hip and concentrated her energy. Swiftly, she tracked the affliction to various points throughout Susan's body. She worked and worked, until she could find no more of it. "There we go, all cleared up."

Susan marveled at her hip. "It's... gone." She stared at Elunara. "You must really be a goddess. No healer could fix that... it's just something I had to live with."

"So was Lydia's legs, so was Bryan's mouth, so was a few other things I've managed to fix. It is what it is." Elunara shrugged. "Listen, Sweetie, I'd rather you understand that my husband has feelings for you, and I'm ok with that. I encourage that. There are times when I feel like I just can't give him enough attention. I would like for you to fill in those gaps for me. Tulani fills in her times with Zelinnia, Jordan... Jordan fills in his time by getting wrapped up in the weirdest situations." Elunara giggled. 

"I'm not asking you to replace me; I'm certainly not asking you to compete with me. I'm asking you to accept a place in this family, at Grogek's side. We can figure out how you fit in as we go. I don't mind you sharing our bed. I don't mind tossing a bed in here just for you, and if you wish to have your own room, that's fine too. Just consider it." She brushed Susan's hair back. "Please?" 

Susan cuddled up against Grogek and sighed. "I..." She closed her eyes. "I was trying to figure out how to write home and tell them I wanted my stuff." 

Elunara kissed Susan's forehead. "We'll get your stuff." 

Grogek laughed. "Elunara, my love, you have such a way... You said everything I wanted to say, but better. Perhaps..." He brushed his mouth over the top of Susan's head. "Perhaps I can go with Susan and get her stuff back. I deserve a vacation at this point." 

Elunara tapped a finger to her chin. "That would work. Let me figure out the logistics and set everything up." 

"I draw the line at calling him "Sugarbear"." Susan muttered.

"You better not use Sugarbear." Elunara put her fists on her hips. "That's what I call him. YOU find something different." 

Grogek laughed. "Elunara is very picky about nicknames. She is my Little She Wolf, and I am her Sugarbear."

"Often "Vicious little she wolf"." Elunara winked. 

"You are my soft little angel." He hugged Susan. 

"Tulani is my Sweetness, Jordan is Sugar." Elunara grinned. "There's a list, somewhere."

"You usually call Varian "lover", though, knowing you..."

"I haven't settled on a private nickname." She shrugged. "We tend to limit the talking." 

"I can't believe you're... doing that with the king."

"I love him." Elunara shrugged. 

Susan openly stared at Elunara.

"You know, if this is going to be a regular thing, I'd rather like to know." Jordan leaned against the door. "Because if I have to train your troops AND do your damned paperwork, I have a few things to say about that." 

"Oh, stuff it up your ass." Grogek snorted.

"I TOLD you, I'm straight, damn it. Speaking of which, why did I get cut out of the fun?"

"We weren't having a threesome, Sugar. I found them like this." 

"Oh, really?"

Elunara laughed. "Susan, Sweetie, stop trying to hide under Grogek." 

Jordan snorted. "I have no interest in your body, honey. Elunara is the only one I can get hard for; ask the entire population of Azeroth AND Draenor."

"Besides, we've all seen each other naked so many times, it's all old news. You'll learn that soon enough. We don't have filters in this house." Elunara stood up. 

Grogek tucked the sheets around Susan's body anyway. "She hasn't adapted yet, you shouldn't be so rude." 

Elunara bent down and kissed Grogek. "That's my sweet Sugarbear." She straightened up and looked at Jordan. "Do you mind handling the yard for a week?"

"Why?"

"Grogek and I are going to go get Susan's stuff from her home. Help her close up everything so she can come live with us."

Jordan rubbed the back of his neck. "I'm no Grogek, but I can make it work. You're going too?"

"I was debating letting Grogek go on his own, but I know the land."

"I'm not very good with directions." Susan sighed. "That was Isaac's thing."

"See? There ya go. It'll take us at least a week. Do you have a sizable cart we can use?" 

Susan considered. "I believe so." 

"No! I don't want to go back!" Tina started running. 

Grogek grabbed her before she could get very far. "I am going with you."

"You're going to come live with us and be my daddy?" Tina bounced. 

"No." Elunara laughed. "We are going to help your mommy get her stuff and move here."

"So, I get to stay with you and THEN you can be my daddy?"

"Of course." Grogek laughed. 

"But, how?" Susan put her hand to her mouth. 

"How'd you get here?" Elunara was scribbling furiously in her board. 

"We took the gryphon." 

"Then you two can take the gryphon back. Grogek and I will take the Skyreavers." Elunara tapped her pencil. "I can get us there. They can fly back and we'll take a cart." She considered. "I'll have to take Lulu. A day or two is one thing, but when I don't know how long we'll be gone, I don't want to dump her on someone. I need to prep my stuff." She muttered, as she scribbled and wandered around.

"Elunara has the most impressive analytical mind. If there's a way to make it work, she'll figure it out." Grogek brushed the back of his fingers on Susan's cheek. 

SaTa and Argy were just thrilled to be ridden again. 

"This beast is awful bouncy!" Grogek yelled. 

"You get used to it!" Lulu was bound in a bundle to Elunara's chest. "There's the drop point!" She gestured. "Come on you two, follow my lead!" They landed beside Susan and Tina with a plop. 

Grogek slid off. "Thank you." He gave Argy's heads a scratch. The rylak bounced twice, before hitting the air. 

Elunara joined them on the ground. "Hey, try the crocs and murlocs north of here. They might be to your tastes." 

"Sounds delicious." Tasha growled, before SaTa took to the air. 

"I've gotten us a ride to the farm." Susan smiled. 

"Uh... orc?" The man held up a pitchfork. 

"This is my husband." Elunara smiled and held up her bracelet. "He is a trainer in Stormwind; you should come visit us some time."

The man eyed the bracelet. "I guess I have to trust you."

Grogek and Elunara, with Lulu in her lap, climbed into the back of the cart. Susan sat in the seat next to the driver. 

Tina climbed up into Grogek's lap. "I want to ride with my new daddy." She bounced. 

"Alright, little one. Sit still now." Grogek wrapped his large hand around the tiny child. 

The man's eyes went wide. Susan blushed. "Children." She gave a nervous laugh.

As they rode out of Menethil Harbor, they came to the Bluegill Marsh area. The pair of rylaks dove repeatedly, snatching up and ripping apart the murlocs. "These are delicious!" Sasha cried. 

"I'm glad!" Elunara yelled. "Do them a favor, eat your fill!" 

"Those creatures are wild." The man shook his head. "You seem to understand them."

"I do." She grinned. "They're my friends."

"You keep strange company."

"You have NO idea." Elunara tucked Lulu down into the cart and handed her a toy. Popping open her board, she began to quick sketch the feeding creatures. 

They unloaded at the small farm. Susan sighed. "I didn't realize how much I was not looking forward to this." 

Grogek put his hands on her shoulders and kissed the top of her head. "We're here for you." 

"GET AWAY FROM HER!" 

Everyone looked over. A man was aiming a shotgun at Grogek. Elunara stepped forward, but it was Susan who threw her hands up and ran forward. "NO! DON'T HURT HIM!"

"Susan?" The man shifted his gun down. "What's going on?"

"Oh, you must have not gotten my letter yet." She sighed. "This is Grogek. He is... Well, he's the new trainer at Stormwind. This is his wife, Elunara. I've decided to move in with them. They're here to help me move my stuff out." 

"But..."

"I'm giving you the farm, like Isaac wanted." She clasped her hands together and smiled.

"Oh, Susan..."

"Arnold, I can't TAKE it anymore. Isaac is gone, and nothing I can do will bring him back. I never understood how this place worked, and it would be selfish of me to hold on to it, when you two do all the work. So, I'm taking my things, and moving to Stormwind." 

He sighed and lowered his gun completely. "I'll tell Terra."

"Alright, come on, girl. Start telling me what you want to keep." Elunara jerked her head. 

Susan marveled at Elunara's physical strength. Due to the size of the home, Grogek could not make his way through the door. Elunara had to be the one to haul all of the furniture to the door for Grogek to take to the cart. With one arm, the night elf was able to lift and move the table that Susan and Isaac had struggled to get into place. With miraculous efficiency, Elunara had pared down the house and moved everything Susan wanted, out. Susan stood in the near empty house and sighed. 

Elunara put her hand on Susan's shoulder and kissed her temple. "Come on, little love."

"Six years I've lived here... first just Isaac, then our Tina." She wiped her eyes. "He used to come in town, and flirt and flirt and flirt. My father didn't approve, because he lived too far out from town. But, when my father died... it was Isaac who was there for me. He gave his life to protect me... he was a good man." Susan let the weeping get to her.

Elunara wrapped her arms around Susan and kissed the top of her head. "That was a beautiful eulogy, Sweetie. It's time to leave behind the hurt, but not the heart. You love him, and you always will. Just because you're changing your life now, doesn't mean you're abandoning him or forgetting him. I'm certain that he'd prefer you to be happy, and not moping around, hurt by his loss."

Susan clung to Elunara. "Thank you." She whimpered. 

"Come on, Sweetie; let's get you started on that new life." 

Susan nodded and left one arm wrapped around Elunara. "You're so wonderful." 

"I am who I am." Elunara shrugged, as she walked Susan outside. 

"I know why your husband loves you... I just can't figure out why he has feelings for me." She sighed.

Elunara kissed Susan's temple again. "That will be for him to explain, my lovely. It's my job to make you feel welcome into our family. I hope you really find yourself with us. We don't "do" weak and timid. Tulani was when we first got her. She was sold into sex slavery for well over a year. Now, she's sassy and spicy, and has a wicked sense of humor. Jordan was terrified of Grogek, and wouldn't approach me at all. Now, they're brothers, and you can't find a bond stronger." She sighed. "You'll just be our new sister." Elunara winked. 

"Grogek says I should read your books."

"Yeah, some of them aren't for the faint of heart. You should start at Draenor."

Susan shook her head. "I think I want to read them all."

"Then you should." Elunara nodded. 

"Susan? Can I talk to you?"

Elunara smiled and kissed Susan again. "Go. I'll be at the cart." 

Terra took a deep breath. "Are you sure?"

"More sure by the moment." Susan nodded and looked over.

"They seem... odd."

"That's probably an understatement." Susan laughed. Genuinely laughed, and it felt good. 

Terra's eyebrow shot up. "But... Stormwind?" 

"Yeah, it's a long way... but I don't mind." She brushed her hair back. "So very far away..."

"With these people?

"I already have a room in their house. They've already found ways to let me into their lives. It's... beautiful. Elunara is..." Susan laughed again. "They call her a goddess." She looked at Terra. "Can you believe it? Even King Wrynn calls her a goddess. So many people look up to her, ask her for advice, let her guide their lives. It's so fantastic to watch. Then there's Grogek. He's so sweet and gentle; you wouldn't imagine it from a man looking like that. My little girl has fallen in love with him, and she calls him daddy, and he doesn't bat an eye. The two of them have their own children, and yet they dropped everything for me to help me. How odd is that?"

"They left behind their brothers and sisters..." Susan shook her head. "None of these people are born from the same parents, and yet they're all brothers and sisters. One of her sisters is a blood elf, who married a human that was Elunara's ex-lover. They're all so tight knit, and strange and completely beautiful. I don't think I'm making the right choice, I KNOW I am. I have to follow them; I have to find out where this goes!" She clapped her hands together. "It's so exciting!"

"I... I never thought I'd hear you speak like that again. You've been so broken, so crushed." Terra sighed. "I still question it, but I have to let you go. Thank you for everything."

"No, thank you." Susan hugged Terra tightly. "Come visit me, ok?"

"Come on, angel." Grogek called. "We should leave before the light starts to go." 

"Angel?" Terra blinked. 

Susan blushed and shrugged. "That's what he calls me." She giggled. "Good bye." She jogged over. "Sorry." 

Grogek scooped her up and sat her next to him in the cart. "I hope these horses can handle the weight."

"These are good stock." Elunara nodded. "If they need boosts, I'll give it to them."

"You can do that?"

"One of my many talents." Elunara grinned. 

"Where are the girls?" Susan looked around.

"They're both passed out in the basket behind us."

Susan looked back and put her hand to her heart. "Oh, that's so beautiful."

"Welcome to the family, Sweetie." Elunara grinned. 

Grogek bent down and kissed the top of Susan's head. "You are ours now."