 In the morning, Susan woke up tangled in Elunara's arms, Grogek's massive arms wrapped around the both of them. It took her a moment, to realize, that what was wrong, was how comfortable it felt. 

"We have another loud thinker over here." Elunara grumbled.

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to wake you."

"No, it's fine. We need to get going." 

Grogek untangled from them and wandered off to relieve himself. 

"Mommy?" 

"I'm up here, baby." 

Elunara adjusted the cart and got Lulu fed and tucked in her basket. 

"Your child is always so quiet." Susan just watched the little girl play with her small toys.

"Yeah, it's weird. Darguni was quiet too. Every other kid I've had to deal with is a total pain. I think it has to do with the whole... "Goddess" thing. My children are endlessly soothed by my presence. When I'm away from them, whoever is trying to deal with them at the time, reports behavior I never get to see." She sighed and helped Susan get in the cart. "Which is bad and good, because I often miss big moments, like first steps." 

"I'm sorry." 

"Its fine, I've gotten used to it." 

"It's still sad." 

"DADDY!" Tina clung to Grogek's leg. 

He scooped her up and sat her on his shoulder. "Hello, Tiny Tina. Are you ready to travel?"

"Yes!" 

"If we get going, we can make it to the gate in half a day. Nothing to worry about on this leg." Elunara pulled out her board. "After we come out of this tunnel, we'll be in Loch Modan." 

They came out of the tunnel and someone shot at them. Elunara stood up and anchored her feet. "We're ALLIES YOU MORON!" She yelled. She continued to stand, and baffled the dwarven mountaineers. "Looks like I'll have to stay up here, if we want them to not shoot at Grogek." 

"Won't you get tired?"

"Not in the least."

"Elunara has an endless well of stamina. She'll be fine. Love, what are those?"

"Kobolds. Don't worry, they're cowards, and if they chase us... as that one is trying to do... it'll give up quickly." She watched as the Rylak's dropped down and snagged spiders. "Do you two ever get full?"

"We slept off yesterday's meal." 

"Good thing spiders never end. You'll have to tell me if the spiders in the next zone are spicy."

"What?" 

"You'll see." She grinned. "Don't fill your bellies just yet. By half day, we'll be at the gates, and just past that, the spiders are massive."

"Is she talking to us?" Susan blinked. 

"She can talk to those flying beasts of hers. They understand her, and she understands them."

"Amazing."

"Hey, stop here." She patted Grogek's shoulder. "I need to get some supplies. Susan, stand up."

"What?"

"Stand up and lean against Grogek, you'll make him less threatening." She plucked Tina up and tucked her onto Grogek's other shoulder. "There, you help protect him too."

"No one will hurt my daddy!"

"Good girl." Elunara jogged into Thelsamar, and returned with several bags. "I got extra, just in case." 

Susan sat down. "Come on Tina, sit back down."

"No!" She clung to Grogek's head. "I want to stay here!"

"I can't direct the cart with you up there, little one." 

"But!"

"No. And that's final." He plucked her off and tucked her in Susan's lap. "Sit with your mother." 

Tina sulked. "Not fair."

Elunara resumed her standing position. "I'll stay like this until the gate. Just follow the road, and we'll get there."

"What are THOSE deformed things?" Grogek blinked. 

"Troggs. Nasty little bastards. I'm on it." She leapt down and took off. Once again, she snagged the cart as it passed. "We're coming up on the Valley of Kings. Cool monoliths. We can have a look at them before we hit the gate, you can actually see the gate just past it." Elunara pointed. "There's the gate. Stop the horses a minute."

Following her instructions, Grogek turned and looked back. "Those are interesting."

"Dwarven Kings. I don't remember my history on them." She shook her head. "This might be the only time the three of you get to see it." 

"Amazing." Susan put a hand to her mouth.

"Alright, let's go, we have time to make. I want to hit Thorium Point by nightfall."

Grogek started the horses again. 

"Alright, Stonewright Pass is... open?" Elunara blinked. "Oh. Good, I don't have to deal with Pebblebitty. Guarding the gate all these years has made her completely whacko." They sped past Pebblebitty who began to scream at them. Elunara flopped down. "We head into neutral territory. This is the longest tunnel to deal with, at least until we head into the mountain." 

They broke free of the tunnel and the Rylaks dove on to the spiders on the road. 

"Don't get too full, there's a LOT of spiders on our way. Just take out the ones that look to be a problem."

"Alright." Sasha sighed. "These are pathetic, all crunch, no meat." Tasha complained. 

"Turn here." Elunara pointed. 

"It's getting dark, fast." Grogek commented.

"It does here. It's even worse in Steppes, because it never gets very light in the first place." 

"You've spent a lot of time out here, haven't you?" Susan looked around.

"I've done odd jobs."

One of the Rylaks dove on the giant orange spider. "Tasty!" Sasha cried. "Useful." Tasha remarked. "I think I can spit again." To demonstrate, she spat and a fireball singed the ground. 

"Keep that one handy, we may need it later."

"I will get my spit back as well." Argy dove on a nearby spider. 

"Heads up, we've got Dark Irons."

"I thought Dark Irons were allies." Grogek snorted. 

"Only some of them. These think Searing Gorge belongs to them." 

"Am I needed?" 

"I'll clear the path." Elunara jumped down and disappeared. 

SaTa and Argy spat at the Golems, shattering them. 

"It's about to get crazy!" Elunara snagged the cart and yanked the reins from Grogek. "Whack em, I'll navigate this shitty terrain." 

Grogek nodded and summoned his axe, cleaving several in half. "Elementals?! What's with this crazy world?"

"It only gets worse from here!" She yanked the reins and hauled the horses up the steep terrain. "Come on beauties it's almost time to rest, just a bit longer!" She yanked the horses to a stop. Immediately, she began to brush them down. 

"Elunara? Is that you thundering through?"

"Hey, Lanie." 

"Need a ride?"

"No, I'm moving my newest family members from Wetlands to Stormwind."

"That's a hell of a trip." 

"Yeah, I know."

"Wait, family? You have a FAMILY?"

"Yeah, meet my husband, the Orc, and my new Sister. Also, her kid and my baby." 

"Well, shit. I guess miracles do happen."

"I know, right?" 

"I take it this is an old friend?" Grogek snorted.

"Yeah, this is Lanie. She's been the flight master of Thorium Point for forever now."

"Pleased to meet you." Grogek nodded. 

"My, he's huge." Lanie cocked an eyebrow.

"You know me." Elunara winked.

"That I do." She laughed. "Well, if you're looking for some where to stay, you need to head to that mountain peak. My niece Velma set up an inn over there."

"But what about travel?" Elunara frowned. "That way is nasty."

"Take Hansel with ya, he'll help you defend the cart and you can ship him out on the flight path back. Take this path through town and around back, skim the hills and it's pretty clear. Watch out for the elementals at the foot, and then follow the lanterns up. It'll be a cinch." 

Elunara tapped her leg. "Well, I'd prefer to hit the mountain at daybreak; this'll put us there quicker."

"Get the horses well watered and you'll make it fine." 

"Hey Hansel! I'm calling in that favor!"

"Ech, NOW? I have a card game tonight."

"Then help me quicker, you lazy oaf." 

"What did you CALL me??"

"Bet I can kill more than you!"

"You're ON!" 

Hansel cussed and swore. "How did you BEAT me? I saw it, I STILL don't believe it!"

Elunara smirked. "I told you, I'm pro. Which means... that favor didn't count."

"Light TAKE you, woman!" He climbed on the Gryphon. "Next time, you'll owe ME!"

"I DOUBT IT!" She yelled at his retreating form. 

"I take it that's a recurring theme..."

"We're currently at sixteen/zip. He's a compulsive gambler and a repetitive loser." Elunara walked up the hill. "Are you Velma?"

"I am." 

"Lanie said you'd have a room. I need a big one." She jerked her thumb at Grogek.

"Ach, you can have the basement. Only one I got big enough for that lug."

"I'll take it." 

"I'll take care of your horses." 

"Thanks Karn. Good to see you. You're looking well." 

"And you're looking tasty as ever."

She ran her fingers across his cheek. "Sorry, short stack, I'm here on family business, or I'd catch up." 

"Next time, then." He winked. 

Elunara plucked the sleeping Lulu out of her basket and headed in. Grogek took Tina, and Susan followed in after. They tucked the children into a small bed. 

Grogek snorted. "I guess I'm in the floor." 

Elunara began to yank blankets and mattresses off the small beds. "We'll make a pile, as usual. Susan can sleep wherever she wants."

"I..." Susan blushed. "I rather like sleeping with you two."

Elunara grinned, and Grogek wrapped his arms around the woman. "Then we're getting somewhere." He whispered. 

She wrapped both of her arms around one of his massive ones. "I agree." Rubbing her cheek against the muscles of the arm, she sighed. "This is all so completely strange and goes against all established logic, yet I feel like, if I don't do this, I'm just hurting myself in the long run. Something is telling me that I need the both of you, even if I don't understand why." 

"I just want you to be happy." Elunara said suddenly. She blinked. "What the shit?" She put her hand to her head. "It's all I've ever wanted." She shook her head rapidly. "Oh, no. We are NOT doing THIS shit again!"

"My love? Is it Elune?"

"I am not Elune." She blinked. "At least, I don't think I am." She began to look at herself. "NO! Get out of my head! Elune was bad enough, I'm not about to let any random asshole..." She stared off, blank.

Grogek sighed and put a hand on his head. "Here we go..." 

"What in the WORLD?"

"Elunara often winds up to speaking to Elune... and she'll be out until she finishes." Grogek sat down and tugged Susan into his lap. "Now, we wait." 

Elunara looked around the inky blackness, her eyes resting on Elune. "What the HELL?"

"Hey, don't get mad at me. I told them you'd be much more receptive if they actually ASKED YOU, instead of forcing it upon you."

"Elune, start making sense." 

"The spirit that is currently attempting to possess you, however temporary, is none other than Susan's dearly departed husband, Isaac. Now, his near fanatical devotion to his wife and child are becoming something of a legend, at least for the immediate future. As such, he's stuck where he's stuck, and won't move on until he can speak to his wife one last time. I told them that, if they asked you nicely, and explained the situation, you'd be more than willing to act as a vessel. However, they skipped right over that part." 

"I am NOT about to turn MY BODY into a "vessel" for any random asshole that wants to have a GO!"

"Now, now, think honestly. If they had asked this of you, nice and polite, would you have done it for Susan?"

Elunara sighed. "Ugh, yes..."

"Good! Now, let him have his say, and we can all return to our lives." Elune rocked her head back and forth. "Well, Isaac's death... but you knew what I meant." 

"Only for a FEW minutes!" Elunara shook her finger. "A FEW!"

"Of course, darling." 

"Is it me?" Elunara looked down at her body and flexed her hands. "Looks like it's me." She looked around. "This... this is strange." 

"Are you alright?" Susan frowned.

"Susan?" Elunara blinked. "Oh, Susan, it IS you!" She held out her hands. "My dear, sweet Susan. My Star of the Heavens. How I've longed to see you again." 

"Isaac?" She near shrieked. She jumped up and ran to him. "But, how?"

"Well, I don't... I don't entirely understand it myself. They've let me take this person over, if just for a short time. They... they keep telling me, "Elunara is angry"... but I don't know what that means. She seems to be some sort of goddess? And they've angered her?" Elunara's head shook. "It matters not; I have been allowed this short, sweet time to speak with you again." 

"Oh, Isaac... I..." She looked back at Grogek with guilt. 

Isaac turned Susan's face back to him. "Listen to me. I have been watching you all of this time. At first, I was upset... I felt betrayed by this horribly unfair circumstance. That, as I could not speak, could not hear, and could not touch... This... this ORC was taking my place. How awful was it that HE would see my little girl grow up, and take my wife away from me?"

Susan put her hands to her mouth. "I..."

"But then I started to understand. It was hard to understand, but I've been watching. These people, they care for you. Protect you, save you. I don't know why, and I miss most of the context, but I know, absolutely know, that they love you. It's in their body language, they way they move, the way they work... It's so fascinating to watch." He put both hands on either side of her face. "They LOVE you. Just like I do. Instead of just me looking out for you, you have an entire family now. So what if he's an orc, of all damned things... All I've ever wanted; was to see you happy. I wanted to be the one to make you happy, but I can't now. Please, please let them." He wrapped his arms around her. 

"Oh, Isaac..." She sighed. "It's just so hard. I miss you so much."

"Look at me. Or, whoever I manage to be using. I know you do. I miss you too. But, when they call me back, when they give this person their body back... I have to go. This is the agreement I have made. My spirit will go to the nether and I'll no longer be able to watch you. I've been so terrified of leaving you by yourself, but I don't now. Do you understand? You're not by yourself any more, you have a family. Accept them, because I have."

Susan wrapped her arms around Elunara's body. "I love you so much." She whimpered. 

"I love you too, my Star of the Heavens." He sighed. "But, I have to go. I've overstayed my welcome. The Light is loud and insistent. Forgive me, but I must be going." He tugged her face up, and pressed his mouth to hers. 

Elunara blinked and yanked her head back. "Well, not the weirdest kiss in my existence." 

Susan jolted back and turned scarlet. "I'm sorry!" 

Elunara raked her fingers through her hair. "I am going to have SUCH a bitch fit, when I figure out how to get a one on one with whatever incarnation the light wants to present me with." 

"I have no idea what any of that means." Susan blinked. 

With a sigh, Elunara flopped down on the pile in the floor. "I do not appreciate having my body taken over by random spirits. They damned well better not think this will be a regular occurrence." 

"It was good of you to do, my love."

"Bah." She cuddled up to him. "Hope he said whatever he had to say, because I ain't doing it again." She flopped back.

"You don't know?" Susan blinked. 

"I spent the time chatting with Elune." She shrugged. 

"What did Elune have to say?" Grogek cocked his head to the side. 

"Mostly? That I really am her sister, and she wonders where my abilities will go, that sort of thing."

"Huh." He tugged her into his lap. "As annoyed as you are, it's still a good thing you did." 

"Sugarbear, can I get you to massage my back?" She frowned. "I think I pulled something, and I need to be in top shape tomorrow." 

"Of course." 

Elunara rolled over on to her belly, and Grogek climbed on her back. 

Susan sat down on the edge of the pile and just watched. 

Grogek reached out and brushed his fingers against Susan's cheek. "When you need to talk, do."

She nodded. "I... just want to think." 

"Ack!" Elunara winced. "Ok, that's where it is."

"Alright, alright." Grogek laughed. 

"So, he's gone? Forever?" Susan whispered.

"Yeah." Elunara sighed. "I escorted his spirit while I was at it. Something else Elune finds curious. I sent him on his way."

"Oh."

"I'm sorry, Sweetie, I had to. If he had not moved to the nether, he would have become trapped, and tormented. To be stuck between realms is one of pain and sorrow. Imagine if you will, being unable to speak, or hear, or touch anything. You can see, but what you can see is either so tragic or just nothing at all. Just staring, endlessly at a world you cannot interact with. I saved him from that." 

Susan clasped her hands to her breast, and fought tears. 

"Oh, Sweetie... don't cry." Elunara wiggled out from under Grogek and tugged Susan into her lap. "He's better now. I know not where he goes after this, but I know it's the best place for him right now." 

"I'm trying not to." Susan whimpered, as she curled up in Elunara's lap. "But, it just hurts so much." 

"I know, Sweetie. I know." 

Grogek tugged them both into his lap. "If you must cry, my sweet little angel, we are here for you."

"It," Susan hiccupped. "Never occurred to me," She curled up against the both of them. "That Isaac called me his star of heaven, and you... call me angel." 

"Funny how that works." Elunara murmured. 

Grogek tipped Susan's face up and brushed his lips across hers. "Forgive me, I never knew."

She sniffled. "No. It's... like a sign of some sort." 

Elunara shifted out of the way, as Grogek wrapped his arms around Susan and tugged her in to his embrace. Elunara itched for her board. After a moment, she snagged it and began to feverishly draw. 

Grogek chuckled. "I see you over there."

"What? You two are so damned adorable, I might wet myself." 

Susan just blinked. "What?"

Elunara held up her board. 

Susan blushed at the picture of them kissing. "Oh."

"Go back to it; I have more lines to fill in." 

"Gladly!" Grogek grinned. Susan squeaked just a second before he captured her mouth again. 

At first she was surprised, but then she gave in, wrapping her arms around his neck, as she was pulled into his mouth, her tongue tangling with his. His hands travelled down her body and found the edge of her dress. Slowly, his fingers crept up under her dress, and explored her legs. She broke contact and gasped when his finger slid into her.

"You're delightfully wet." He purred. 

"Sometimes, I don't understand what you do to me." 

He slid the finger in and out. "Let me taste you." He groaned. 

"But... what about..." Susan looked over at Elunara.

She waved a hand. "I'm busy." 

He helped Susan out of her dress, before pushing her back against the pillows. Gently, he spread her legs out, before licking her flat. She gasped and grabbed at the back of his head with one hand, while the fingers of her other hand dug into the blankets. He enjoyed using his thumbs to spread her out, before sliding his tongue deep inside of her. In and out, he licked the inside of her, before sliding his tongue against her beautiful pink clit. Occasionally, he'd pump a finger in, only to replace it with his tongue, while she gasped and writhed beneath his attentions.

"Please..." She whimpered.

"Dear, release the poor girl from her torment." Elunara said mildly.

"Aw, but I was enjoying her."

Elunara raised an eyebrow. "She can't handle what I can. Do remember that." 

He grinned. "I remember." Shifting upwards, he put his hands on either side of Susan's head, before pressing himself into that tight wetness. She gasped and tried to cling to him, but only put her hands against his massive chest. Tugging her leg up to his side, he pumped himself in and out of her until she began to clamp around him. With a groan, he let himself go. He cuddled Susan into his arms and buried his nose in her neck. 

"You're always so big... and I always think you're going to rip me apart... yet, somehow it's wonderful." Susan shook her head. "I don't understand it."
