 In the morning, she woke up wedged under Elunara. She tried to figure out how to get out without waking her, but Elunara stretched. 

"Sorry, you were crying." 

"I... I was?" Susan blinked.

"Yeah." Elunara continued to stretch. "Sorry, Tulani used to have vicious nightmares, and now it's just automatic reaction."

"You both rolled out of my reach." Grogek grumbled. 

Tina bounced on Grogek's stomach. "Hi, Daddy!"

"Hello, little girl. Get off of me."

"I dun wanna!"

He plucked her off of him and sat her to the side, standing up, and stretching. 

"Can I ride in your lap today, Daddy?"

Elunara sat, and began to shove spoonfuls into Lulu's mouth. "Not today, Sugarsweet. You can for the first portion, but once we come out of the mountain, your daddy has to help defend the cart. Can you drive the horses on a basically straight course?" She looked over at Susan.

"Yes, of course." 

"I'm going to see if an old friend is at the first stop, he's completely crazy, but I can get him to help us through the zone." 

"How crazy?" Grogek raised an eyebrow.

"Uhhhh, crazy enough that I'll have to be extremely convincing for him to not kill you." 

"Usual method?" 

"Not likely to work."

"Then he's insane."

She snorted. "He's still a man, it's just... he hates orcs with a passion that makes Grommash look like a pansy who wears pretty flowers in his hair." She twiddled her fingers in the air. 

Grogek's eyebrows shot up. "Now, I might be worried."

"Nah, I'm going to go with slave..." Elunara tapped a finger. "I could convince someone you're my slave, right?"

Susan cackled. "From looking at him? No. From speaking to him? Yes."

"I love that sound out of you." Elunara winked.

"I do too." Grogek tugged Susan into his embrace.

Tina giggled wildly. "He's my daddy, he's my daddy!" She sang and danced about.

"Come on, you little maniac, let's get everybody in the cart." Elunara hefted Lulu up on to her hip. 

"Ugh, this place is so HOT." Susan complained. 

"It's about to get SO much worse, we're going into a mountain, and it's enough to make you barf." She pointed. "Turn up this path, once inside, you'll head right. The door out will be the lowest point." 

Grogek nodded. 

"Once we're out, I'll get us to the last safe spot. We'll rearrange, and then I'll go speak to my friend." She rocked her head back and forth. "I use the term loosely."

They came out into the main chamber of Blackrock Mountain. "Oh, WOW! This place is amazing!" Susan grabbed her stomach. "I agree with the barf..."

"Look, Daddy! Dragons!"

"Yeah, they won't bother us. Hey! You two! Fly low, ignore the dragons, we don't want to tangle with them today."

"Fine!" Tasha snorted.

"There's the door! At the end of the ramp, come to a stop."

"Alright, love." 

At the bottom of the hill, they stopped. 

"I don't want to move!"

"Too bad." Elunara tapped both children on the forehead and tucked them into the basket. She secured the lid. "They'll stay out until we get through. This is the longest, meanest, most difficult part of our journey. I need to focus on keeping the horses running. Meanwhile, Grogek, you keep your axe handy and take out anything that tries to get us. I'll do what I can, and our air support will spit at whatever we manage to miss." She looked up. "If you spot any fire spiders, snag em." She sighed. "I forget if they're here. If I can get this guy to help us, Grogek, don't speak. I'm going to convince him you're a mindless slave."

"Alright."

"I'll be back." She took off. On her way, SaTa dropped down and snagged a scorpid.

"I think I can spit acid now." Sasha blinked. "You keep your acid, I like my fire." Tasha snorted. 

Elunara raised an arm. "Hey, Sexy, remember me?"

"Ah, Elunara... the only person I've ever met who's bloodlust runs deeper than my own." He grinned. 

She licked her lips and smiled. "Yeah... Listen, I've taken on a pair of escort quests, and I'm looking for some help."

"Here?"

"Yeah, it started off with an Orc delivery, and then I picked up this mother and her children... It's complicated, but I've got to get them from here, to Redridge, at the very least."

"Orc delivery?" 

"Yeah, I found a leader guy, took him out, and discovered he has a fair bit of information that King Wrynn wants. If I can safely deliver him, IN TACT to Stormwind, Varian Wrynn himself will handle the interrogations." She summoned her dagger, and twirled it in her fingers. "Plus, it'll be a tidy bounty for me."

"How do you have him?" 

"Mage scroll thingy. He's completely under my control. However, if I take too much damage, the control is broken, and you know how THAT goes." 

"Hm." 

"Plus, I took on this woman and her two kids. She needs to get to Redridge to reunite with her husband. I've been using the mind control to get the orc to protect us through tough spots, but there's no zone tougher than Burning Steppes." 

He considered for a moment. "I'll do it."

Elunara and her follower walked back to the wagon. "Susan, this is John J. Keeshan, he's a war hero. He'll get us through."

"Oh, thank you very much." She smiled. 

He took her hand and smiled. "You are quite a beauty. Pity you are already taken." He kissed the back of it. 

"Oh!" Susan blushed and spared a glance at Grogek. "Yes, of course."

Keeshan noticed Grogek. "Is this him?"

"Yeah, don't mind him; he's well within my control." Elunara climbed up on the back of a horse, while Keeshan climbed into the cart. 

"Where are the children?"

"In that wrapped basket there. Let's go!"

Susan cracked the reins. 

"We have ogres and trolls on the right!" Elunara yelled. "Be prepared." 

Grogek stood and planted his feet on either side of Susan, balancing himself. He cut down a pair of Ogres from where he stood. Elunara threw her dagger, catching the troll in the throat, before she summoned it back to her. Green and red spit balls hit worgs and humanoids alike. 

"What are those beasts?" Keeshan yelled. 

"My friends!"

"Whatever!" He cut down several orcs that tried to climb in the back

"Come on, babies, let's see what you can do." Elunara began to channel her healing energy, renewing muscles, and energizing tired bodies. The horses picked up speed. "We're coming up on Chiselgrip, but I don't want to stop!"

"Alright!" Susan called. 

The three of them, with the help of Keeshan, repelled all attackers. "We got rock elementals!" Elunara called. "Can't do much about them; just knock them off if they try!" She yanked the horses side to side, guiding them around the vicious curves of the place. "MORE BLACKROCK DEAD AHEAD!" She cried. 

Grogek cleaved a few more Ogres, before mowing down several Orcs that got close to the cart. 

"HOLD ON!" Elunara clung to the halters of both horses, as she navigated them around the rocks and tree trunks in the way of the road. "SHIT, DRAGONS!" She flung her dagger several times, taking out the little ones. Grogek cleaved through a few, and she had no idea what Keeshan was doing. "I see the pass, we're almost home free!" Once again, she yanked at the reins, trying to keep the pair of horses on to the narrow walkways and bridges through Blackrock Pass. "GROGEK, DROP!" She cried.

He dropped down, sitting neatly behind Susan. Wrapping his arms around her, he leaned forward and barely avoided being clipped by some chains binding a massive door. Once the other side, she yanked the horses back, pouring her energy into their exhausted bodies. She jumped down and began to brush the sweating animals. 

"That was impressive."

Elunara grinned at Keeshan. "Just another day in the life of me."

"Uh, you should deal with your orc." He jerked his head back. 

Elunara looked up at Grogek, his arms still around Susan. "Orc. Let go."

Grogek opened his arms and blinked at her. 

"You really do have control over him." Keeshan considered. "I would like to see the King deal with that one. Sadly, I have to return. There's more to kill." 

"I'll see you later, then."

Keeshan turned to Susan. "Perhaps I shall visit you another day." He bowed, before heading back into the Steppes. 

"Will he be alright?" Susan blinked.

"Yeah, he's fine." Elunara waved a hand. "He does runs like that through the zone on a weekly basis." She looked up. "It'll be dark soon. Let's head into Lakeshire. It's about an hour or two walk from here. The horses need proper care before we can start up tomorrow."

"I agree." Grogek nodded. "What about my presence?"

"Some of the guards you shipped out went to Lakeshire. We can get them to vouch." 

SaTa and Argy flew in circles. "Where will we sleep?"

"Anywhere you want. Your protection is no longer needed for this trip. You two did marvelously. I am grateful."

"As we are grateful to you." Both sets of Rylak said at once. 

"Love, I see more orcs."

"Yeah, these are all wimps. Some will flee at the sight of you, and the ones that don't..." She shrugged. 

Susan leaned back against Grogek's chest and sighed. "I think I accept."

"Accept what?" He blinked down at her. 

"Your... declaration."

Elunara slowed down to a stop and looked up. 

"You do?" He whispered. 

Susan nodded. "I do. In fact, it sounds kind of fascinating." She smiled up at him. "Isn't that weird?"

He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed. "I'll do my best to keep you happy."

"Too tight!" She squeaked. 

"Sugarbear, you've GOT to remember that she's not as durable as me." Elunara winked. 

"I remember." He laughed. 

"Look at that massive spider!" SaTa cried excitedly. 

Elunara laughed and shook her head as the pair took down Chatter. "Well, he never had a chance." 

"This place is so pretty." Susan looked around. "I would have liked to have lived here." 

Elunara held up a hand. "Hey, Andrew, what are you doing here?"

"I live here now." He grinned. "I grew up here, always wanted to be a guard here. When transfers went out, I begged."

"How's Rachel?"

"Beautiful as ever." He looked up. "Hey..." He blinked at Susan. "Sir?"

"Meet my second wife, Susan."

"Second..." Andrew just stared at Elunara. "What?"

"You know, how I have two wives and a husband? Well, now Grogek has his own second wife." 

"But... but... he's the bastion for all fidelity everywhere... how can we even... how can we have a standard if you...?" He trailed off, as he continued to stare.

"Sweetheart, since when is my family "normal" anything?" Elunara shook her head. "Lord knows it was going to happen eventually." 

"But..."

"Be a dear and clear the way for us." Elunara patted him on the shoulder. 

Andrew scrambled away.

"You know, that brings to mind a valid question." Elunara tapped her chin. 

"Yes, love?"

"If I have two husbands and a wife... does that mean you'll find yourself a husband?"

Grogek snorted. "Jordan is all the husband I need."

Elunara cackled. "I'm going to tell him you said that."

"Please allow me to be present when you do. I don't want to miss his face."

They led the tired horses into the stables. 

The innkeeper frowned. "I'm not sure I have space for him."

"Got a basement?"

"Well, yes..."

"Then toss us some blankets and pillows, and we'll make it work." Elunara shrugged. They ate at the table by the fire. "We've had worse." 

"Alright then." She sighed. 

"I hope we go home soon." Tina sighed. "I this is so booooring!" 

"ORING!" Lulu clapped her hands. 

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Oh goody, teach her a new word." She held up another spoonful. 

"Momma!" Lulu clapped her hands again. 

Elunara leaned forward and kissed Lulu's dirty nose. "Yes, yes I am."

"Daddy?" She pouted. 

"Your daddy is at home. With any luck, we'll see him tomorrow night, or shortly after."

"Papa Grogek is here, though." He reached over and pat Lulu's tiny head. Lulu giggled and grabbed at his massive hand. 

"Why "Papa Grogek"?" Susan blinked. 

"Darguni is my birth son, so he tends to call me dad, and Jordan "Papa Jordan". Bradly is adopted by both of us, but he has claimed Jordan as his rightful father, so he calls Jordan, Dad, and me, "Papa Grogek". We've decided to continue the tradition, and since Lulu is Jordan's birth child, we encourage her to call him daddy, and me "Papa Grogek". Tina, since she has been adopted by me, can call me what she wants, but I will be her "Daddy" for as long as she wants to call me that." He shrugged. 

Tina climbed in his lap. "You will always be my daddy." She tried to wrap her arms around him. 

He wrapped his hand around her back and smiled. "You will always be my little girl." 

"Gods, that's just so damned cute." 

Elunara looked up and grinned. "Hi, Donald."

"I come out here to escape you, and you freaking follow me." He put his hand on the table. "So, what's going on here?"

"Meet Grogek's second wife, and new daughter." Elunara winked. 

"Hot damn. Now you really are living the dream." Donald snorted. "Three women in your bed? Lucky bastard."

"Hey, Tulani is mine." Elunara snorted. 

"Don't care, he still gets to watch." 

"Come on by, and I'll find you a nice little wife." She grinned.

"Nope, not me... I want to remain single until I die."

"Gerald told me the same thing."

"Yeah, but he also told you his one weakness. Not me, no thank you."

"You'll never get a harem if you don't pick up the first chick." 

The innkeeper wandered over. "Your... room is ready." 

"Thanks." 

"Hey, Bri."

"Hello, Donald." She blushed. 

Elunara watched the exchange with interest. "I think I just found your weak spot." She purred.

He flushed. "You stay out of this!" He pointed at her

She just smiled. "Uhhhhhh huh."

"Out of it!" He scooted away. 

She laughed until she choked. 

"Who was that?" Susan marveled. 

"That's Donald. He's the brother of a friend of mine, Gerald. The one who needed the picture fixed?"

"Oh, that man."

"Yeah, some reason or another, he thinks of me as his sister." She shrugged. "My family is wide and varied." 

"You and his wife are close too." Grogek smiled.

"Yeah, well... the list of things I have done for her is also long and varied." She shrugged. "But, Donald is a flirt and a total doll. I love him to pieces, as far as such things go. He's just fun to talk to." She eyed the pair. "And yeah, he is totally gone." She giggled. 

"I'm going to have to learn your "family"." 

"You'll catch on quick, I'm sure." She scooped up another spoonful. "Tina's down for the count." 

Grogek looked down at the sleeping child on his lap. "That she is."

She stuffed the spoon in Lulu's mouth. "When she's awake, she burns so much energy, that she crashes. It's kind of funny." After cleaning up Lulu, Elunara took the child into her arms and began to sing. Soon the whole inn bobbed in time with the lullaby.

"That's always so fascinating to watch." Susan whispered. 

Elunara stood and walked down into the basement. She tucked Lulu in bed and continued to softly sing, even as Grogek tucked Tina in beside the other sleeping child. 

"Aren't they beautiful together?" He murmured. 

Elunara giggled. "Like a proud daddy."

He buried his face in her shoulder. "I guess I am." Reaching out, he wrapped his hand around Susan's waist and tugged her in. "We haven't properly discussed the acceptance of my declaration." He grinned. 

"Discuss" he says." Elunara snorted. 

"Well, yes..." Susan blushed and ducked her head.

"Aw, she blushes so pretty." Elunara put her fingers under Susan's chin. "Almost makes me wish I'd put it there." 

Susan went darker. "Oh, you're not fair some days, Elunara." She brushed her hair out of her face. "You make me feel things I don't understand."

"Elunara has always had that way about her." Grogek winked. 

"Don't worry, Sweetie, you'll get used to me. Eventually. I'll teach you how to use it, as well."

"Use...?"

She stretched. "You've just entered into a relationship that is, without a doubt, the weirdest thing you've ever done, or will ever do. Not only have you agreed to marry an orc, but you're now second wife to him. Before you can open your mouth... that does NOT make you any less than me. It's a chronological order in title only. We are to be considered equal, and I will do my best to make it that way. Our family has a very fluid dynamic. In most ways, I am head of the household, in other ways; Grogek is head of the household. These two positions stand, but at the same time, everyone must pull equal share. We'll learn as we go. 

On the other end of things, I am a very sexual being, and my entire life revolves around that fact. You've seen a good bit of this, and you'll certainly see more. I can, and will, help you and teach you. From my point of view, you're still very innocent. I will help you adapt, because that is what I do." She leaned forward, and put her hand on Susan's cheek. "But it would be better, if we work together."

Susan's breathing sped up. "H-how?"

"Let me show you." She whispered. 

"Please," Susan put her hands on Elunara's arm. "Please, show me." 

Elunara brushed her lips against Susan's. "We'll have fun with him, together." She tugged open Susan's dress, freeing her from the garment. Softly, she moved her hands across Susan's shoulders, down her chest, and cupping the breasts. With expert movements, she teased and tormented the other woman's nipples, before bending down and sucking on each one. 

Grogek slid his hand down Elunara's pants, and slicked his fingers across her wet folds. With a groan, he slipped a finger inside of her. His other hand, he moved around Susan, and pressed a finger into her. Gently, he moved his fingers in and out of the two women, causing them to moan. 

Elunara slid her arms around Susan's waist, her hands cupping the other woman's ass. Susan wrapped her arms around Elunara, and clung to her, as she shivered. Grogek's attentions made her clamp down and cry out. With his finger wedged inside of Susan, Grogek tugged his other hand free and pushed down Elunara's pants. Elunara took off her shirt, and wrapped her arms and legs with Susan, tangling together. 

Shifting them around, Elunara pushed Susan into Grogek's lap. Susan's legs were on either side of Grogek's massive erection, and she stared down at the thing as her soft folds pressed against the base. Elunara slipped her lips over the tip, and began to suck on the head. He groaned, as his hands ran up and down Susan's body, his hands cupping around her small breasts. 

After a couple of licks, Elunara grinned and tugged Susan back up. Running her fingers through Susan's slick folds, she spread her out and sat her gently on Grogek's dick. Once again, she wrapped her arms around Susan, and helped slide her down. Grogek's fingers dug into Susan's hips as he groaned. Elunara pushed Susan back against Grogek's chest, and bent down. Up and down, she licked, from Grogek's balls, up to Susan's clit. Over and over again, she teased and tormented the pair with her tongue. 

Susan grabbed at Elunara's hair and called out. 

"Hush, don't wake anyone." Elunara whispered, before claiming Susan's mouth for her own. As her lips and tongue danced with Susan's, Elunara's fingers worked on Susan's soft folds and Grogek's dick. 

When Susan began to shake uncontrollably, Grogek released with a sighing groan. Elunara helped to dislodge the smaller woman and tucked her neatly into Grogek's lap. Elunara cuddled up into Grogek's waiting arm. 

"That... was completely different." Susan panted.

"Mm, and there's so much more we could do."

"I don't think... I can keep up... with your sexual appetites..." She gasped, as she clung to Grogek's arm. 

"No one is expecting you to." Elunara laughed and brushed Susan's hair out of her face. "Grogek can only just barely keep up with me, and he... well, he has a massive appetite, but no one is expecting you to do anything, Sweetie."
