 Susan sighed. "I'm so tired."

"I'm sorry, my angel." Grogek kissed the side of her head. "Perhaps you could take a nap when...

"LULU!" Susan gasped and took off running. Blinking, Grogek chased after her. "Oh, Gods, I can't believe I left her by herself!" She yanked open the door and blinked. "Who are you?"

"I'm..."

"Oh, hello Lydia."

"Hello, General Grogek." Lydia blushed. "I saw everyone leave, and I started to follow, but I heard crying." She held Lulu in her arms. "No one else was home, so I took care of her." 

"Oh, thank you so much. Elunara would kill me if anything happened to her." Breathing a sigh of relief, Susan considered the girl. "I have met you before. I'm just terrible with faces." She frowned. 

"Where's Tulani?" Grogek frowned. 

"She left shortly after you all did. I assume she didn't know." 

Bradly and Darguni walked in. "Oh, hey Lydia." Bradly blushed. He shoved his hands in his pockets. "Why are you here?"

"I'm watching Lulu." She frowned. "What's wrong with your shoulder?"

"I guess you weren't at training." He turned. 

Lydia gasped and ran over. "Bradly!" She rubbed her hand down the scar. "Whatever happened?"

Bradly struggled to speak. 

"He saved Tina's life, by jumping in front of a sword." Darguni jerked his head. 

"Oh, how brave of you!" She continued to stroke the scar. "It could have been so much worse."

Bradly had turned into a babbling twit, so Darguni started explaining for him. 

"It's so good your mother was there!" Lydia sighed. "I came by to ask her when my next lesson was." 

Susan watched the exchange with interest, as Lydia continued to rub Bradly's shoulder rather absently, and hold a conversation with Darguni, the baby curled up in her other arm. 

Grogek chuckled. "Is it obvious, or do I have to explain?"

"Oh, no. I'm pretty sure I'm following this one." She giggled. 

"I'll put Tina in her bed." 

"I'll snag Lulu." Susan slipped the child out of the girl's arm and headed up. Once in the children's room, Susan giggled. "Oh, poor Bradly is completely gone for that girl and she has absolutely no idea." 

"Yeah, Elunara has her own predictions, but we're all well aware that Bradly has convinced himself he will marry Lydia. Lydia on the other hand, treats him like a rather annoying little brother. Darguni is oblivious to the both of them." 

"That won't end well."

"Probably not, but nothing anyone can do other than let it ride." 

"I imagine not." She tapped a finger to her chin. "What's Elunara's relationship with the girl?"

"You can think of her like an adopted daughter. Lydia had horribly deformed legs and no one could help her. Elunara did it. She gave that girl her legs, her confidence, and her voice. The girl's parents have a habit of crying on Elunara, much to her annoyance." 

"I would too, if someone did that for my own child." 

"Lydia is as much Elunara's daughter, as Bradly is her son. She's just never openly claimed as such, because Lydia's parents are still alive, and it kills her when Lydia tries to use Elunara as their replacement."

"I guess I understand, but why?"

Grogek shrugged. "Possibly because Lydia has her parents, at a time when Elunara didn't."

"I really need to read those books." She sighed. 

"Yes, yes you do." 

"I guess I should get started." She winced.

"Are you alright?" He slid his hands down her hips. 

"Yes, yes. It's just..." She blushed. "Well, you don't know, but it's related to the period thing. I get ferocious cramps." She sighed. "Nothing for it." 

"Maybe Elunara can fix it." 

Susan gave a nervous laugh. "I kind of like my system right where it is... thank you very much."

He cocked his head to the side. "You... want more children?"

She felt her face grow hot, and she stared at the floor. "I'm not old enough to say I'm done, and I haven't given it too much more thought since my hus... since Isaac died, but um," She buried her face in her hands. "I can't shut up."

"Whoa, whoa, calm down. Slow breaths." He chuckled and wrapped his arms around her. "You can tell me when you figure it out. I just meant that Elunara can help you with your pain. That's what she does. The other thing she has only done on special request and has made them wait months to be sure. While I find it curious you want to leave the option open, I will not push you." 

"I'm not even sure it's physically possible." She muttered. 

"My son is half night elf, half orc. Anything is possible." He shrugged. 

She curled up against him, but continued to stare at the wall. "I don't even know if I want to... I just kind of want the option open if I decide to." 

He lightly scraped his teeth across her neck. "It's enough that would consider it." He whispered. "Especially given my lack in judgment this morning."

She sighed. "You were right to be angry... you just scared me." She shuddered. "Ok, almost made me wet myself." 

"Gods, I am so sorry." He sighed. "I lost control of my temper."

"Does Elunara ever scare you?" Susan wondered. "She just launched herself..."

He chuckled. "That woman scares the ever living shit out of me. I do NOT like to make her angry." He rubbed his cheek. "She almost broke my jaw when I yelled at you earlier." 

Wide eyed, Susan stared up at him. "You're joking."

"No, I'm not." He winced as he rubbed his face. "She was beyond pissed at me. I'm not sure she's ever hit me so hard." With a sigh, he ran his hands down her arms. "Even when we spar, she always shows restraint, and she never truly goes for a kill. Today, when I... told you to leave, she hit me hard enough to unseat me, which means... she put her whole being into it. Angry did not cover... her." 

"Hey, Twerps, what's going on?" 

"Hey, Momma. We were just telling Lydia about Bradly's new scar. Dad and Susan went upstairs."

Elunara cocked her head to the side. "Lydia, why are you petting Bradly like a dog?"

Lydia jerked her hand back and stared at it as if she'd never seen it before. "I don't know." 

Elunara shrugged and headed up the stairs. "Don't you three have stuff to be doing?" She snorted. "Well, after Bradly puts on a shirt."

"Uh... yeah." He stared down at his bare chest and blushed. "I'll... be right back." 

She stuck her head in the bedroom, and finding no one, stuck her head in Lulu's room. "Whatcha doin?"

Susan and Grogek jumped apart.

Elunara snorted. "No acting guilty on my part... because if you actually have something to be guilty about, I want to watch."

"Actually, I was telling Susan I'm terrified of you." 

"Oh, that." She waved a hand. "Then don't be stupid." She winked. "Like yelling at your cute little wife, when she was already terrified for her baby."

"Elunara..." He sighed. 

"What? She's adorable. I'm trying to add her to my own collection." She stuck out her tongue. "Why don't you go yell at your men for the last few remaining hours in the day, and me and the other little wife, will have some girly conversation." 

"Why does it feel like you're up to something?"

"Because I was halfway through with getting what I wanted out of Varian; when I realized that the entire exchange happened in the training yard, in front of EVERYBODY, and we all goddamned disappeared and left JORDAN to deal with the MESS!"

"Fuck!" Grogek bolted out of the room. 

Susan sighed. "Oh."

"Yeah..." Elunara sighed.

"Should we follow?"

"Grogek lost his temper, Grogek can fix the issue."

"What were you trying to get out of King Wrynn?"

"His dick in every orifice I could get him to cram it." She grinned. 

"Oh." Susan's face went flame red. "I see... You're always so... shocking." 

"Sorry, little love, I have no idea how to censor myself." She jerked her head. "Come on, let's eat some lunch."

Susan followed her downstairs. "May I speak with you a moment?"

"You're always so proper." Elunara giggled.

"I'll take that as a yes. Um, Grogek and I were sort of discussing... things you can do?"

"Mmhmm." Elunara got out some bread and other things. 

"Well, I've decided that I'd rather like to have my... reproductive works, stay in."

Elunara raised an eyebrow and continued her work. "Really now?"

"I don't want another child right now, but rather want the option open for if I decide to."

"Fascinating." 

"I'm... sorry?"

"Why are you attempting to apologize?" Elunara sliced some vegetables.

"Because you're not really reacting."

"Sweetie, I don't particularly CARE. I never wanted to get pregnant and have kids. Darguni is as oops as they come. However, I love him to pieces, regardless of his origins. He is fully aware of this. You cross me as the type of lady who would want her own little brood, but was stopped by your first husband's death, the attitude of the child you got, and the fact that your life has hung in the air. If you want the option to fill your belly again, that's your thing. 

I personally think you're crazy, but then again, I ripped open my body to give birth, then stabbed the shit out of myself when I found out I was pregnant again. I'm not like you, I just can't be. The fact that I love Lulu and care for her the way I do, is pure fluke. I adore my little Lulu, don't get me wrong, but if I could have avoided her birth, I would have. 

Now, I need to warn you that, as long as you continue on this path, the next baby you give birth to, will be a monster. Take however big Tina was and double it. Unlike your first one, however, I will be here for you. I will deliver your baby and you will be safe, calm, and basically pain free. That is my gift to you." 

"Speaking of pain." Susan winced.

Elunara sat her stuff down. "Are you alright?"

"Cramps." Susan whimpered and laid her head on the table.

Elunara put her hands on Susan's shoulders, and began to massage, as she poured her energy into the whimpering woman. "Oh, you're one of those." 

"One of what? Oh, Gods, don't stop."

"One of those girls I never understood. Every month, your body rebels against you, but you refuse the procedure that would end your misery for good, all in the name of "children"." She snorted. 

"Because..." Susan groaned.

"Don't worry about it, little lovely. I'm not going to judge you. All I offer is help."

"Can you just do that all week?" Susan whimpered. 

"Of course. Anytime you need it." 

"I should have married you."

"Hah! I'm going to tell him you said that."

"No! Please!"

She kissed Susan's shoulder. "I so am." She went back to making sandwiches. "You should learn our banter." Sitting the plates on the table, she picked up her own sandwich. "Embrace this family, we pick on each other." 

Susan poked the top of the sandwich.

"Sorry, I didn't know how you like it." Elunara stuffed her face.

"No... no one's ever made me a sandwich before. I mean, I've eaten at inns and things, but not like this."

Elunara shrugged. "You can make em next time."

"I used to be the one to make them!" Tears streamed down Susan's face. 

"Ok, then you don't have to make them again. I'm sorry; I'm not sure what you're going for here." 

Tulani walked in from her studio and blinked. "What did you do to the poor girl NOW?"

"Don't ask me! I just made her a sandwich." She took another bite. "Do you want one?"

"No, thank you. I ate at Tippy's with Zelinnia."

"Ah. Well, it's probably just because she's on her period."

"ELUNARA!" Tulani gasped. 

"What? Some women are just emotional on their periods."

"Yes, but you don't just out and SAY it. It's embarrassing."

"Sorry, not something I ever had to deal with." Elunara shrugged. "I guess I have to learn period etiquette." 

"Why are you being so rude?" Tulani crossed her arms.

"Sorry! I had my fuckfest with Varian interrupted to deal with Grogek's tantrum." 

"Ugh, you're always unbearable when you've been inter– his WHAT?"

"It's a LONG story." She sighed. 

"Which you will be telling me, after we deal with whatever made poor Susan cry." 

"You're always so nice!" Susan wailed. 

"Oh, she's not broken any more." Elunara scooted over and rubbed Susan's back. "Come on, Sweetie, get it out."

"It's just... when I was with Isaac, he took care of everything, and I did the wife things. I kept the house clean, I cooked the food, I did all the domestic stuff, and he did all of the hard work. He took care of the animals and the farm, and when we got attacked, he took care of that too. I didn't really have to think about anything." She wiped her face. "Then he died, and I just didn't know what to DO! I tried, and tried, but I just couldn't manage ANY of it."

"Basically, you were handed a job you'd never trained on."

"Exactly! I came to my sister, hoping that... maybe she understood how to manage a home."

"I hate to interrupt, but I have to ask... why is Misty and Toppa here, and you in wetlands?"

"When our parents divorced..." Susan shook her head. "My mother was born in Wetlands, and she hated every minute of it. She was convinced that, if she married wealthy, her life would improve. Instead, she married my dad, falsely thinking he had money. What he had, was wealth by wetlands standards. When we were teenagers, mother decided it was time to leave. My father refused to, he loved the Wetlands. It... it was nasty. I chose to stay with my father; my sister and brother believed their lives would be better in Stormwind. 

Other than a short visit about six years ago, I... honestly hadn't seen them since. I had no reason to go to Stormwind, and my siblings had no desire to see Wetlands again. We had contact via letters, but that was it. I know my mother raised Misty under the belief that she needed a wealthy husband to get anywhere in life. After reading all of my sister's letters, I believed that maybe she would understand how to manage a home. What I found, is that the only thing she knew how to manage, was her dress collection." Susan sighed. 

"Well, that explains SO much." Elunara snorted. "And she calls ME low born." She blinked. "No offense."

"None taken." Susan shook her head. "It's also why my father was so worried about me marrying Isaac." She sighed and picked at the sandwich. "He didn't want me leaving him too. But then he died, and Isaac was all I had." She laid her head on the table and took a shuddering breath.

"You have us, now." Elunara leaned over and kissed the back of Susan's head.

"That's just it." Susan sat up. "That's why I can't stop crying, because you're always so nice. I can't... I can't get over the things you've already done for me. Grogek saved Tina, and he's healing her broken heart, but you... you're healing me." She rubbed the heel of her hand on her cheek. "I don't even know what to do about it." 

"Just accept it." Elunara shrugged. "I do these things without thinking, without asking for a reward, because that's just who I am." 

"I mean, you've taken me in, and given me a place to stay, you've adopted my daughter as your own, you spent almost a week helping me claim items that are precious to me, you let my dead husband posses your body..."

Tulani's eyebrows shot up. "You did what?"

"I'll explain." Elunara shook her head. "Get it out..."

"You've given me your husband–"

"I'm going to stop you right there. I did not GIVE you my husband. We are SHARING my husband. Get it right, or I'll beat your ass."

Susan blinked. "Yes, of course. I'm sorry; I didn't mean to offend you..."

"Just making sure we're clear. Continue." 

Susan gave a another shuddering breath. "Anyway, you've shared your husband with me, you HELPED us have sex, and you even decked him when he frightened me..."

"Told you about that, did he?" 

Susan nodded and blushed. "You've done SO much. I just... I don't know what to do with myself." 

"What I want is for you to live your life and be happy. I want you to get out of the house, and find something to do. I don't LIKE when people think they have only one role to give. Your life is no longer about housework and managing your child. You will go stir crazy if you don't find a way to occupy your time. Hell, get Tulani to teach you to sew." 

"I... I used to mend torn clothes."

"See? There's a start. Or I could teach you to draw."

"When I was younger, I liked the paints..."

"Then we'll get you some of those." Elunara tapped her fingers. "I think it's time for you to meet my friends. Eat your sandwich." She got up and jogged upstairs. 

"Oh, but...!"

Tulani put her hands on Susan's shoulders. "You'll fit right in. Every single friend is her friend because she did something spectacular for them. Usually, just as many things as she's done for you." 

"A-alright." She blinked at Tulani's arm. "That shawl is fabulous." 

"Like it?" Tulani grinned. "I have a lady that trades me for dresses."