 "He's stupid enough, that I couldn't order him to take a shit without first gluing his hand to his ass so he'd know where it was!" 

"That is NOT a valid response, and I CANNOT put that on the form!"

Elunara looked up from her board. "What are you two on about now?"

"I'm TRYING to get Grogek to answer me about these stupid evaluations!" Jordan tossed down his clipboard. "You leave ME in charge for a week, don't give me the benefit of consulting with my own WIFE, and I have NO idea about your stupid trainees, so I couldn't efficiently do my job! Then this morning I get dumped on AGAIN!"

"Grogek..." Elunara warned. "You have to do these things. We're not on Draenor anymore."

He flopped down in a chair. "These things are stupid."

"They're helpful. Especially in situations like the one you left me in." Jordan crossed his arms.

Elunara crossed her arms. "Let's see... Susan is out of the sex bracket for a week, suppose I join her until you finish your stupid forms."

"You wouldn't..."

She lifted a brow. "Is that a challenge?"

Grogek growled. "Fine. Ask your stupid questions." 

The next day, Elunara stretched out and got comfortable with her board. "This is one of my favorite spots to hang out. When I don't have appointments or whatever, I sit up here and draw and watch the men."

"It seems peaceful." 

"It really is." Elunara pat Tina on the head. "And you can sit and watch your daddy. He comes over here often." 

"Okay."

Elunara's ears twitched.

"Geez, I can't imagine having such a complete and utter bitch like Elunara for a wife." A soldier snorted.

"I know, right? Did you see her yesterday?"

"Tch yeah. If she was MY wife, I'd beat her ass and put her in her fucking place." 

Elunara snapped her board closed, and dropped off of the platform. Soldiers scrambled out of the way as she marched across the training yard. 

"Speaking of..." The second soldier blinked

"Huh?" 

The first soldier barely got turned around before Elunara grabbed him around the neck and lifted him several feet off the ground. He wiggled his feet, and yanked at her hand. She bared her teeth at him, before flinging him backwards. As he hit the ground, he skidded several feet and stopped at the other end of the ring. Holding out her hand, someone tossed her staff into her grip.

"You want to beat MY ASS? DO YOU? Draw your weapon, you miserable little fucker, and I'll show you what a REAL BITCH looks like!"

He coughed and tried to stand up, swaying. "You! Caught me off guard!" He coughed.

Marching over, she grabbed a handful of hair and yanked him to standing. Shoving her hand to his throat she gave him a shot of healing energy. "There, now you're normal. FIGHT ME." She yanked him back.

"You stupid bitch!" He yanked out his sword. 

"What's going on?"

Susan looked up and jolted back. "King Wrynn! Um, I have no idea, actually. She was sitting here drawing, having a nice conversation, when she just stands up and goes for this guy."

"Hm. He probably deserves it..."

The soldier swung his sword, but she blocked it with her elbow. "You call that an attack?" She whacked him in the face with her staff, before punching him in the gut. When he doubled over, she slammed the heel of her foot into the back of his head. "You want to sit over there, and insult me, insult my husband, and then claim if I was YOUR wife, you'd "beat my ass"?" She continued her assault, even as he scrambled to get up. "You're a pathetic little worm. I bet you're one of those little fucking bullies who only picks on the WEAKER, because you can't fucking DEFEND yourself in a real fight." She yanked him up by the throat again. "Well, guess WHAT you little pissant... I'm watching you. If you toe out of line ONCE, I will drag your ass out here and continue to beat the SHIT out of you, until you get the fucking POINT!" She flung him out, not caring where he landed. 

She tossed her staff back on the rack and climbed back up to the platform.

"Had something to prove?" Varian cocked an eyebrow. 

"Useless little asshole." She snorted. 

"What was that really about?"

"Yesterday. Grogek lost his temper, and I jumped in and dealt with it. That little puke was over there bragging about how he wouldn't put up with my behavior; he'd have beaten my ass for stepping in."

Varian chuckled. "He doesn't know either of you very well, does he?"

"Apparently not. Given the fact his words and attitude are abusive; I'm putting the little shit on watch." She popped open her board and got comfortable. 

"That would be advisable." He fidgeted. "Well, keep up the good work."

"Oh, stop." Elunara laughed. "Susan knows. Hell, there are few people in this city that don't know." 

He sighed. "Well, I do try to maintain some decorum."

She snorted. "Only when I'm out of range, or aren't looking at you."

He grinned. "You caught me."

"Oh, I'll catch you plenty... say... next week? I'm going to busy for this one, but then we'll have some real fun." She winked at him. 

Kneeling down, he brushed his fingers across her cheek. "It's a date." Quickly, he stood and left.

"Oh, wow..."

"You know, you say that an awful lot." Elunara winked. 

"I think I'm going to pick up your books tonight. I'm not a very fast reader..."

"Don't worry, most of it is pictures. I do recommend you not read them where Tina can look over your shoulder, if you know what I mean."

Susan blushed. "Alright." 

"Wait, can you read elvish?"

"No. No, I cannot." 

"Shoot, I might have to read some of it to you. Well, I included common translation, but there might be a phrase here or there you'll want clarified. Just ask me."

"You're really scary."

Elunara blinked down at Tina. "I tend to be, when I'm angry." 

"I don't want you angry." Tina shook her head and stared back at the training yard.

Susan and Elunara shared a grin. 

"YOU DID WHAT?"

They jolted and looked back at the woman screeching at them.

"Um, hello, Misty." Susan blushed. "How have you been?"

"First you move IN with the FREAKS, and now THIS? Do you have ANY idea how HUMILIATING this is??"

"I'm starting to." Susan sighed, her face flame red. 

"You can't possibly tell me you get anything out of this atrocity!"

"I love him." Susan frowned. "I love him." She said, louder this time. "He loves me. Heck," Susan gestured to Elunara. "SHE loves me. Between the two of them, they have done more for me in the last couple of months; forget that, the last WEEK, than YOU have done MY WHOLE LIFE!" Susan stood up and put her hands on her hips. "Where were you when daddy died? Where were you when Isaac died? Where were you when I was trapped taking care of a land I didn't freaking understand? Hell, where were you when my baby was born? You didn't even bother to TRY to come back for THAT!"

"The hell are you talking about? I got you here, I TRIED to HELP you, but you just shoved MY help away!" Misty tossed her hands up.

"YOUR HELP?" Susan threw her hands in the air. "YOUR help was to try to make me buy new dresses, and tell me it was a GOOD thing that my HUSBAND DIED, so you could REMAKE me into your stupid little PUPPET!" She yanked at her hair. "Your worthless ADVICE was to find me a rich husband and become a well kept PET!" Susan growled in frustration.

"At least you wouldn't be LOWERING yourself to these nasty little freaks! You're shaming the entire family with this pathetic FARCE! It's that stupid, slutty night elf and her whorish ways corrupt–" Misty blinked and held her cheek. 

By this point, everyone had stopped to watch the exchange with some interest.

"HOW DARE YOU?!" Susan's hand was still in the air. "I will NOT sit by while you insult MY FAMILY! Yeah, you HEARD ME! MY FAMILY!" She shrieked. "Now I FINALLY understand the TRUTH! Family is NOT what you are BORN with; it's what you MAKE of it! You stopped being my sister the moment you chose to leave in favor of an ideal, rather than trying to stay behind to make it work! You stop being my sister, the moment you thought it was GOOD daddy died; it was GOOD my husband died. You are NOT my SISTER!" She pointed back at Elunara. "THAT IS MY SISTER! 

"You're out of your mind!! I can't believe you think this filthy Night Elf and her bastard Orc are FAMILY! You don't know the meaning of the word!"

"No!" Susan shoved Misty. "YOU DON'T! And I will not stand here and let you insult them!" 

"All around me! All around me, the world has gone COMPLETELY MAD! Even my own damned daughter is parading around in a dress made by that bitch's so called "wife" and I'm fucking SICK of it all!" Misty threw her hands in the air. "Not one person in this whole fucking city can see that... that... SUCCUBUS and how she mind controls the LOT of you!

"Oh, stop being a jealous ninny." Susan snorted. "Just because you can't get what you want, it's our problem." Crossing her arms, she shook her head. "No, you can't do one nice thing for a total stranger for no reason. If you can't get something out of it immediately, you don't even TRY. You've always been like that, and you will NEVER change. That's what you don't get about her, that's what you will never see, her compassion for everyone. You want to know the SECRET behind why we so "blindly" follow her? She didn't use any magic spell, she didn't cast a magical shroud... she was NICE. Something you can't grasp the concept of. I'm done with it." She held her hands up and shook her head. "Leave my sight, Misty. I disown you." Flopping back down, she resumed her comfortable seat.

"I..."

The crowd began to clap and cheer.

Susan jolted. "I forgot we were in public." She whispered, as she turned bright red. 

Grogek scooped Susan up, hugging her tightly. 

"YOU CAN'T DISOWN ME! I DISOWN YOU!" Misty pointed at them. "YOU'RE ALL CRAZY!" She shrieked, before running off. 

Susan watched her go. "She'll never get it." She sighed, as she rubbed her cheek on Grogek's chest. 

"No, but you do, and that's all that matters." He laid his chin on her head. 

Elunara grinned. "I'm impressed. Our little mouse has a spine after all." 

Susan buried her face into Grogek's chest. "I guess I do." 

¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬Back at home, Elunara gathered her things. "Can you watch Lulu? I have a couple of deliveries and a consult."

"Yes, of course." 

Elunara snagged her packages, and waved as she left. 

Blinking at the knocking, Susan opened the door. "Oh! Toppa..."

"May I come in?"

"Yes, please." 

Toppa sighed. "Please forgive me. You were there for me during... that, and I was never there for you."

Susan sighed. "Toppa, I knew why you left; I knew why you couldn't come back. I never once blamed you."

"Yes, but even after you came here, I couldn't... I couldn't see you without remembering." He put his hand to his forehead. 

"Oh, Toppa, I never meant..."

"No! No, please don't apologize, you can't help it. I came to tell you that I do not agree with Misty. I may not understand these people, but at least they make you happy." He rubbed his hands on her arms. "After everything that has happened, you deserve to be happy. I... I never told her what happened to me."

"It's probably best." Susan sighed. "Knowing her skewed sense of the world, she'd blame you... but Toppa, I have to tell you... I told them."

"You WHAT?" He jolted backwards.

Susan grabbed his wrist. "Because it happened to Jordan!"

"It..."

"Lulu is the direct result of it."

Toppa stared at her, eyes wide. "No..." He whispered.

"Yes. Please, please don't treat her different, or tell them that I told. However, I thought you should know. Because Elunara let the person live, Lulu was born. But, none of them hold it against the child, she is theirs now, and they love her with their whole heart." 

He sat down, hands on his head. "To see her everyday and know the truth..."

"And yet, they love her. This is the kind of people I live with now." 

He rubbed a hand across his mouth. "Now I see. I mean, I was prepared to accept whatever you had decided, no matter how strange, but this..." He shook his head. "It makes more sense." 

"They love me too. It's... mind blowing."

"I couldn't do it." Toppa shook his head. "If it were me, I would have sent her off to the middle of nowhere and hoped she never came back. I got off lucky, when that succubus took that woman's head off." Rubbing his neck, he sighed. "Father wanted me to marry her."

"What?"

"Father didn't know... how I was. Am. He was convinced that I was holding out for a love match. He set up the meeting with... her. It would be a prestige match, and father was convinced that love would come later. I don't know what she thought we had to offer her, but when I turned her down cold... she didn't take it well." He shrugged. "I couldn't come back for Father's funeral, because I blamed him." 

Susan held her hands to her mouth. "That's awful."

"I just..." Standing up, he took her hands into his. "I just want to be there for you now, because I wasn't there before. I am so sorry that you've been dealing with everything on your own."

"Oh, Toppa. I'm not alone anymore." She hugged him. "I have a massive family all of a sudden, and I've never been so happy. I just hope that you can be part of my new family." 

"Of course." He laughed. "You'll always be my same silly little sister who's favorite treat was marzipan bunnies."

"You remembered!" She gasped. 

The door opened and Elunara walked in, blinking. "Uh, hello?"

"Elunara, you remember my brother, Toppa?"

"Well, duh." She snorted, as she leaned against the counter.

"He's..." Susan searched for the right words. "Well, he's not like Misty. He came to tell me–"

"That I accept her life." He put a hand on Susan's shoulder. "Elunara, you and I have never really... liked each other, but today, my sister made me understand the kind of person I'm dealing with. Have been dealing with, for all of these years. I'm afraid I've dreadfully misunderstood you." 

Elunara shrugged. "Not like I've ever given you the chance to know anything about the real me." 

"Would it help... if I told you that I always found it funny, how pissed off Misty gets, when you flirt with Varian?"

She snorted. "I guess it does."

"And that, after you've been by, she sits in front of her mirror, furiously brushing her hair, while she cusses and swears, until she's near half bald."

Elunara cackled. "I completely believe it."

"Oh, Toppa, you're awful!" Susan couldn't help but giggle. "She used to do that when we were little, too." 

He sighed. "An unfortunate bit of news, is that Gingy has been staying at my house. Ever since Gingy managed to get a dress out of Tulani, Misty has gone over the deep end. I just don't know what to do for the girl." 

"What's her father doing?"

"What he usually does." Toppa snorted. "Blatantly ignoring his wife, and buying her pretty things until she shuts up."

Elunara blinked. "Seriously?"

"I'm not sure a day goes by, that he does not regret marrying my harpy of a sister."

"Poor man." 

Susan sighed. "Daddy always said that Misty would get married by dumb luck."

Elunara sighed. "Great, now I have another wandering child to figure out how to deal with." At the knock on the door, Elunara reached over and stared.

"Miss Elunara, PLEASE help me!"

"Uncle Toppa!" Gingy blinked. 

"Ever since I helped her, she has driven me INSANE. I can't get rid of her. I can't even go pee without her waiting outside my door and offering me butt wipes." 

"Gingy why are you being a pain?"

"She saved me; I MUST do something in return!" 

"Around here, the way you repay someone, is by learning a trade of some sort. You like pretty dresses and things, why don't you learn to sew, and then you can make Lydia a pretty dress for when she performs." 

Gingy clasped her hands together and bounced. "That's a MARVELOUS IDEA!"

"Before you go rushing off, I'm going to tell you that you need to do it right. If you rush it and give a subpar gift, then you're going to owe double, because you never paid of the first debt, and you have to fix the gift on top of it. Take your time, and learn to do it right. Rushing leads to mistakes. Now, you may ask Tulani to teach you, but if she doesn't have time, I'll get Eloise to teach you. Eloise taught Tulani. Understand?"

"Yes! Yes, oh yes, I'll do it! It'll be amazing! I'll show you!" Gingy made for the door.

"Ank! Stop! You're making an official request; you use the front door, not the family door." Elunara pointed to the front door. "And have some dignity about it."

"Oh! Yes, of course." She slowly, and politely, made her way out of the door.

Lydia flopped down in a chair. "Gods! Why didn't I think of that?"

Toppa just stared. "I'm not sure what I have just witnessed."

Susan giggled. "You just witnessed Elunara." 

"Well, if we're letting Toppa in the family, just let me know." Elunara shrugged. "I need to change out my board." She headed into the library. 

"She's so casual about it." He blinked. "We've been right on the line of hostile to each other for years, and then she just throws it out there and walks on." 

"Because that is Miss Elunara." Lydia grinned. "She doesn't hold grudges; they take up more effort than she is willing to spend."

"The kid is right." Elunara pointed at Lydia. "Ask her how many times I've yelled at her." She waved a hand. "Got stuff." She closed the door behind her. 

"She's... overwhelming and underwhelming at the same time."

"That's Miss Elunara." Lydia giggled. She got up and went digging in a cabinet. She yelped and jumped back as a hidden catch broke. "I think I'm not supposed to see this!" Lydia covered her face. 

"What's the matter?" Susan frowned. Discovering what Lydia had found, she gasped. "What in the WORLD?"

Curious, Toppa made his way over. "By the LIGHT!" 

Susan tried to shove the offending paper back in the cabinet. She got the door closed and wedged a fork in the handles of the cabinet. "I'm going to have to have a conversation about this one." She groaned. 

"I just wanted a drink of water." Lydia muttered. 

Elunara stepped back in and frowned. "What?" 

"What's with the picture in the cabinet?" Susan pointed. 

"Uhhh, how did you find that?" 

"I wanted a drink of water, and a board almost hit me in the head." Lydia grumbled. 

Elunara removed the fork and examined the catch. She growled. "Cheap ass construction." She dug in a drawer and pulled out screw driver. Working for a little bit, she pulled the catch apart and wedged the board closed. "Sorry about that. These are designed for my husbands or wife to find, and they're really lovely... when THEY find them." She took out a glass and sat it on the counter. "The catch is up high so the kids won't find them by accident, but this one broke. I'm not pleased either. I designed these with very specific specifications, and THIS one wasn't done right. Now I have to check all of them." With a sigh, she tucked it in her pocket.

"ALL?" Susan blinked. 

"There's about fifty of them. Not in children's rooms though."

"Same... picture?"

"Oh, no. No two pictures are alike." Licking her lips, she laughed. "They're all... suggestions." She passed Lydia the cup. 

"I really didn't want to see you like that." She pinched her eyes shut. 

"Sorry, little love. You were never the intended target." 

"I guess Jordan was." Lydia's face went hot.

"Jordan, Grogek, and Tulani." She shrugged. 

Lydia chugged the water. "I have to go." She wiped her mouth and escaped. 

Elunara winced. "I'm not sure what to do about that one." 

"How are there fifty of them?" Susan squeaked. 

"There's twelve in Jordan's room, twenty in the main bedroom, and the rest are kind of sprinkled, with five of them being in the eating area, and eight in Tulani's studio."
