 Elunara whistled as she worked on her latest commission. At the knock on the door, she held on to her board, eyeing the work as she stood up. Opening the door, she added a little more detail.

"I showed you mine, now show me yours."

She blinked down. "Kimmy!"

"Heya toots, I came to take you up on your offer." 

"Geez, it's been nearly two years." Elunara tossed her board on the counter.

"Shit happens. Are you gonna show me this fuck couch or what?"

"Come on in." Elunara flipped the sign and locked doors. 

"You know, you were easy as shit to find. All I had to do, what ask a guard where the sex house was." 

Elunara snorted. "I've probably had him."

"Man, I knew I liked you." Dropping her bag, she walked over to the couch. "Is this it?"

"Back up and get in the chair, you're going to need the height." Elunara yanked a lever. "Flat." She yanked more. "Sloped." She began to yank levers and unclasp locks, changing positions and angles, shifts and seats. "And then, back to a humble couch."

"Holy shitballs!" Kimmy clapped her hands. "I WANT!"

"Sorry, this baby is one of a kind. It can do just about anything you can imagine. I once took six guys in complete comfort."

"Oh, damn!" Kimmy licked her lips. "I have a present for you!" She went digging through her pack. Once she found it, she tossed it to Elunara.

"You did it!" Elunara examined the modified metal dick. "Look at this beauty." She flipped the switch and laughed at the vibrating dick. "I want to try this sucker."

"Feel free. That one is yours."

"Sweet. Oh, let me show you what else I did to this couch." She yanked open drawers. "Dry, clean towels. Wet, clean towels. A hamper for the used ones, a drawer full of metal dicks I sell to people, and a drawer full of my personal collection." She tugged out the largest one.

"Fucking hell! That thing is a monstrosity!!"

"It's a personal cast mold of my husband. Took me forever to talk him into doing it for me."

"Good gracious, is that Grogek's DICK?" 

"Oh, shit. Sorry, Susan. I forgot you were here." 

"You have ANOTHER one?" Kimmy blinked.

"Sweetheart, I have THOUSANDS." Elunara winked. "Sorry, Sweetie, you'll want to clear out. This is Kimmy, my mini me." 

"Hey, I contend you are just a bigger me." Kimmy snorted.

"Honey child, I'm sixty three years old, I've been fucking longer than you've been alive."

"Fuck! You win." Kimmy crossed her arms and snorted. She licked her lips. "Well, you certainly pick the hot ones."

Elunara giggled. "Seriously, run!"

Susan bolted out of the door. 

"Aw..."

"Sorry, sugar girl, my family is off limits to my practice."

"Whatevs... now, about this massive dick." 

"Iron Horde Orc, right here. Big ol' fucker. Ain't it a beaut?"

"Let me hold the pretty!" Kimmy took the dick in her hands and whistled. "And you can FIT this thing in you?"

"He likes to shove it into my ass." Elunara licked her teeth. 

"I'd pay to watch that one." Kimmy snorted. 

She took it back and grinned. "Well, it's not my husband, but I'll gladly show you." 

"Oh, man, really?"

Elunara yanked her shirt off. "Pfft, any excuse." 

"HELL YEAH!" 

She got comfortable on the couch and ran her fingers through her folds, getting a good lather. Using her fingers, she spread herself out, before sliding the metal dick in to the hilted handle.

"Holy shit, I'm seeing it... I'm not believing it! You just made that thing disappear!"

"And we pump it a few times, to get it nice and slick..." She tugged it out, before readjusting and pressing it against her ass. "And..." Elunara groaned as she worked it in. "In it goes!" 

Without warning, Kimmy buried her face in Elunara's slick folds, using her fingers to pump in and out. 

Elunara gasped and grabbed one of Kimmy's pigtails. "You little sneak!" she laughed. 

"Always wanted to give a night elf a go!" She cackled. 

"Keep doing that!" Elunara groaned and began to pump the replica of Grogek's dick in and out of her ass. 

"With pleasure, toots!" Kimmy went back to her work, licking and tasting the pink folds. 

Elunara shuddered and clamped down. After gasping for a moment, she dislodged the metal dick with a laugh. "You're a riot." Jumping up, she grabbed a towel and washed the metal dick in the sink with soap. 

"Come on; let me give that puppy a shot!" Kimmy licked her lips.

"Sure, why not? But if it hurts, you gotta tell me." 

"Yeah, yeah, just give it."

"Get comfy, and I'll control the thing." She laughed when Kimmy undressed in record time. "Alright..." Elunara ran her fingers through the slick folds. "Well, someone was enjoying herself." She popped some latches on the couch. "There's you a handle. You'll want to hang on for this."

"Shit, you really did think of everything in this crazy ass couch."

"You know it." Elunara pressed the head of the metal dick to Kimmy's spread center. "I'm going to go slow cause I don't want to rip you apart by accident." She began to press in and Kimmy gasped. "Don't tense, sugar plum. There ya go, little more."

"OK! Ok, I can't take much more of that thing." Kimmy winced

Elunara slid it back out. She grabbed a wet towel and began to clean it.

Kimmy put a hand to her forehead as she stared at the ceiling. "WOW! How do you manage–" She jolted and cackled.

Elunara slid her fingers in and out with a grin. "I figured I'd pay you back." She continued to slip her tongue in and out, until Kimmy clamped down. Sitting back, she ran her fingers up and down. "I've had plenty of male gnomes, they're crazy little fuckers, but you'd be my first female." Elunara examined her slick fingers. "Not half bad." 

"Please let me move in."

"Not a chance."

"Move in with me?"

"Not happening."

"Regular customer?"

"I'll give it a thought." 

"Sweet."

Elunara clipped her couch back together. 

"So, I don't suppose you do requests?"

"Sweetheart, I can arrange just about anything you could want."

"To fuck one of every race?" Kimmy licked her lips. "Well, two if you count male and female."

"That's a pretty broad list..."

"Well, alliance or horde... what else would I mean?"

"I've been fucked by gnoll, I've been fucked by dragonkin... I've been fucked by pretty much anything willing to stick its dick in me."

"Hot damn. You're completely crazy, I like that."

"You starting from scratch?" Elunara picked up her board and started making notes. 

"I've had me a few, but you know what? I want to start from scratch." Kimmy rubbed her hands together.

"Alright, every time I find me a willing candidate, I'll send you a message. We might have to go out of town for the horde races, but I know a couple of spots to hang out."

"Sweet! Let me know!" Kimmy bounced off the couch. "Say, where's the action around here? I wanna watch me some hotties." 

"The training yard. Hotties for daaays." 

"I'm outie." Kimmy waved as she headed out the door.

Elunara laughed as she worked on her board. 

Susan made her way down to the training yard, just enjoying the sunny day. It occurred to her that she should have snagged one of Elunara's books, but she was a little afraid of the pink haired one. With a sigh, she stopped on the edge of the yard. Everyone seemed to eye her with a great deal of mistrust. She hoped that reading the books would reveal the reason for why.

"There you are, little angel."

Susan almost jumped out of her skin. She put her hand to her chest. "Don't DO that."

Grogek chuckled and brushed his fingers on her cheek. "You were lost in thought."

"Just trying to understand why people seem to be so upset over our arrangement." She sighed.

"You have to understand, that these people have a great deal of respect and admiration for Elunara. To them, you are trying to steal me away from her."

"Oh, but I'm not." She frowned. 

"They don't believe that." He shrugged and ran his hand down her back. "What they believe is unimportant. Another one of Elunara's important rules. You'll believe it yourself... soon enough."

"She has some interesting rules."

He shrugged and laid his hand on her hip. "Read–"

"I know, I know." She sighed. "I meant to start today, but she had a client that made me nervous, so I left before grabbing one." 

"I didn't mean to make you nervous, toots." 

Susan jolted and looked down. "Oh, hello."

Kimmy licked her lips. "Damn he is massive."

"Yes, yes he is." Susan flushed. 

"Is this Elunara's?" Kimmy pointed.

"We are all Elunara's." Grogek laughed. 

"That's for damned sure." Jordan snorted. 

"Damn, you're a tasty bunch." She licked her lips. 

"You can see more on the platform." Susan pointed.

"Thanks, toots." Kimmy climbed up and sat on the edge. "Oh, yeah. This is more like it."

"Who is that?" Jordan frowned.

"My mini me." Elunara laughed. 

"A mini you?" Jordan snorted. "That's terrifying."

Elunara yanked Grogek by the fang and assaulted his mouth. Turning, she snagged Jordan by the breast plate and repeated the process. Susan scooted out of the way, and watched in fascination as both men took their turns, rubbing their hands over Elunara's body and returning the affection. "Ahhh." Elunara shook herself. "Much better."

"What was that about, love?" Grogek had his hands down Elunara's pants.

"Who cares?" Jordan snorted. He had his hands up Elunara's shirt. 

"I just got wound up." Elunara winked. "Back to... whatever it is you were doing." She sauntered up to the platform. 

Both men looked at each other and exchanged a look that Susan could not decipher. "We're making her pay for that, right?" Jordan grinned.

"Damned straight." Grogek laughed. 

Kimmy cackled. "You are EVIL!"

"Two words... "Double penetration"." Elunara winked.

Kimmy gasped. "Pleeeeeeease, can I watch?"

"No." She grinned and pushed Kimmy away. "Maybe another time."

"EVIL!" Kimmy pointed. 

"Um, Elunara?"

"Yes, Sweetie?"

"Where are the children?"

"Oh, Tulani has them. Something about an idea for matching outfits?" She shrugged. "I decided to take the time." She handed Susan a book. "I know what you said, but I think you should start at Draenor. Read the older stuff after you understand where we are now." 

"Alright." Susan opened the book and turned scarlet. "Uh, did you give me the right one?"

Grogek leaned over her shoulder. "Yes. She did."

Susan snapped the book closed. "Really?"

He nodded. "They are all like that." 

"Oh." She peeked at the first page. "This is the beginning?"

Grogek ran his finger over the page. "That's her rough estimate of Grommash, based on intel. This is just before she gave herself as bait." He flipped a page. "See? There's not much to this first page," He flipped back. "Follow the words on the edge here. Whatever you can't read, ask Elunara, but she has her translation notes, here, and here." 

Jordan leaned over. "Oh yeah, I remember this. Elunara likes to do a rough guess of the men she's going to fuck, so that later she can compare notes. It helps her when she trying to do work later on. She even has Grogek in here..." He flipped a few more. "See? Estimate here..." He turned to the last page. "Actual statistics here." He turned back to the front. "She's usually pretty damned accurate."

"Oh." She blushed down at the graphic picture of Grommash. "I thought I'd be reading a diary... not a picture book."

"It is a diary. That's how Elunara works." Jordan shrugged.

"Here, let me show you." Grogek stepped behind Susan and began to run his fingers over the page. "For the most part, you ignore the pictures, and focus on the things she wrote in the margins, and in this flowery looking stuff over here. It's part of her code. Once you learn some of it, the rest of it becomes fairly easy to learn." 

Susan spared a glance to the people eyeballing her. She flushed, and quickly looked down, following Grogek's instructions.

"Shouldn't you be teaching her that?" Kimmy jerked her thumb.

"And miss out on the adorable picture I'm currently drawing of the two? Not likely."

Kimmy peered over her shoulder. "Damn. That's... amazing."

Grogek kissed the top of Susan's head. "See? You're getting it already."

"Well, I do have a good teacher." She blushed and bit her lip. 

Grogek rested his chin on her head and looked around. "Hmm, sorry little angel, I have to go yell at some slackers."

"That's fine." She clasped the book to her chest. "I take too much of your time as it is."

"Never, little angel." He kissed the top of her head again, before stepping around her. "GET YOUR LAZY ASS BACK TO WORK!" He bellowed. 

That night, Susan sighed and stretched. "It took me all day to read this one book."

Elunara laughed and sat her board on her desk. "They get easier to read as you figure out how I work. Grogek got you pretty well on the way." She held out her hand. When Susan handed the book over, Elunara went to her shelf. "All of them are numbered." Showing the binding, she pointed. "They are all dated and numbered. All you have to do is keep along the numbers."

"There's just so many..."

"This is my entire life." Elunara shrugged. "I add as I go along, and in some cases, I go back and add stuff as my family learns of stuff from my secret books."

"Secret books?"

"Books filled with incidents so dark and disturbing..." Elunara shrugged. "You'll figure it out. For now, stick to the Draenor and beyond."

Susan giggled. "I find it silly how afraid of you Grogek was."

"Is." 

They both looked back at him. "Hey, Sugarbear."

"Love, are you heading upstairs soon?" He cocked his eyebrow. 

"Was just showing Susan my library." She grinned. "Why?" Licking her lips, she winked. "Need something?"

Susan watched those exchanged facial cues that baffled her. 

"Just something that needs settled."

She sauntered up to him and ran her fingers under his chin. "Well, let's settle it then." 

He scooped her up and threw her over his shoulder. "Let's." He growled.

Susan scrambled to follow the pair up the stairs. 

Grogek tossed Elunara on to the bed. Immediately, Jordan wrapped rope around Elunara's wrists and secured them. Grogek grabbed Elunara up by the bindings and hooked her at the ceiling. Jordan knelt and secured her ankles to the loops in the floor. 

"What in the WORLD?" Susan stared.

Tulani laughed, but did not pause from her sewing. "I take it Elunara was terrible today." 

"The worst." Elunara cackled. 

Grogek stroked his fingers up the inside of Elunara's leg. "I take front lower, you take back upper?"

"Just fine with me." Jordan stroked his hands down Elunara's arms. 

Grogek knelt, and ran his hands down the outsides of Elunara's legs, before moving them inside. Up and down he stroked, while she wiggled. He began to tickle the insides of her legs with his fangs, occasionally licking the areas he taunted.

Jordan stroked her sides, working his way up her arms and down again, kissing her back and shoulders. He worked his mouth across her shoulders, until he reached her neck and he trailed his mouth up and down, taunting that soft spot that drove her crazy.

She wiggled and thrashed, struggling against her bonds, unable to move her legs together or pull her hands down. She gasped and clung to the ropes. Shivering, she bucked back and forth, desperately trying to arch her back. 

Grogek grinned and pressed a pair of fingers up into her. "I love how you drip down my fingers." 

"Please." She whimpered.

"How about it?" Grogek grinned to Jordan, as his fingers slowly worked their way in and out of Elunara.

"I don't know..." He scraped his teeth across sensitive flesh. "She WAS pretty obnoxious."

Elunara gasped and struggled against her bonds. 

Jordan grabbed her hips and tugged her back. When Grogek moved his fingers, Jordan shoved himself into Elunara's front for a few pumps, before pulling free and pushing himself into Elunara's ass with a groan. Grogek stood up and swiftly shoved himself into Elunara's dripping wet. Together, they fucked her until she began to shake and clamped down on them. They filled her together. 

Susan stood at the door, her hands clamped to the frame. "What IS this?" Everyone looked over at her, and she shrank back.

"Ah." Elunara gasped. "Perhaps we should have explained it first." 

"That might have been advisable." Grogek grunted, as he dislodged himself. 

"It's another one of Elunara's little games." Tulani smiled. "When she does something "terrible", she gets "punished" by us tying her up and tormenting her until she begs for release." Giggling, she sighed. "It might sound awful to an outsider..."

"But I enjoy the absolute hell out of it." Elunara rubbed her wrist. "I do shit on purpose." She winked.

"Like getting the pair of us horny and walking off like nothing happened." Jordan snorted. 

"Elunara is the only one we do this to." Grogek ran his hand over Elunara's belly. "We would never hurt her, for any reason." 

"It's still a bit... daunting." Susan gasped. 

"Don't worry, Sweetie. They'll never do it to you. Unless you ask." Elunara shrugged. "Even then..."

"Probably not." Jordan shook his head. "I wouldn't get involved at least. You don't interest me." 

"Me either." Tulani shrugged and continued sewing.

Grogek shook his head and walked over. Whisper soft, he laid his lips on Susan's. "I wouldn't do anything to frighten you. I still feel horrible about the other day."

Jordan yawned and stretched. "Well, I had my revenge. Good night." He brushed his lips over Elunara's. She yanked him in tighter, before he laughed and escaped. 

Tulani tucked away her sewing, before getting ready for bed. 

"So rude... left me tied to the floor." Elunara bent over to untie herself. 

Grogek winked at Susan, before stepping over and slipping himself into Elunara wet folds. She yelped and grabbed the bed. He grabbed her hips and began to pound himself in and out, while she clung to the bed. She gasped and moaned, her feet unable to move, as he pounded her forward. When she clamped down, he let himself go with a laugh.

"Bad!" Elunara gasped. She straightened up and tugged his face forward. She captured his mouth. 

He chuckled and ran his hands down her body. "You made too tempting of a target." 

"Well then." She slid off of him and stooped down, untying the bonds. 

He got undressed and climbed in the bed. "Well, are you sleeping with us, or clinging to the door?" 

Susan blushed. Scooting across the room, she got out a nightgown and got undressed. Grogek watched her with interest. "Forgive me." She blushed deeper. "I'm still not..."

"That's fine." He shrugged. He held out an arm. Susan climbed in bed, and he wrapped his arm around her. "Love, are you joining us?"

Elunara looked over at Tulani. Tulani bit her lip. "No, I think I know where I need to be for a little while longer."

"Oh, you don't have to..." 

"Sweetness, if you need me, you need me."

Tulani sighed. "I'm still frightened of trying to sleep."

Elunara climbed in her bed. "Then I stay with you."