 Suddenly, Susan realized how a teddy bear felt. She was completely squished under Grogek's massive arm, as he lightly snored into her hair. She wanted to cuddle up against him, but the more pressing issue, was that she desperately had to pee. Wiggling several different directions, she found that if she wasn't stuck, then Grogek tugged her in tighter. 

"Elunara!" She hissed.

"Huh?" She blinked up at the bed. 

"I can't get free!"

"Tickle him."

"What?"

"Wiggle your fingers on his belly." 

Susan blinked and shifted her hand back, wiggling her fingers. With a giggle and a snort, he rolled over onto his back. She put her hand to her mouth to suppress the giggle fit. "That's the cutest thing I've ever seen." She whispered.

Elunara put a finger to her mouth. 

Susan held her giggle and bolted for the bathroom. 

Susan sat on the platform beside Elunara with a sigh. "Who knew he could be so adorable?"

"Me." Elunara winked. "If he ever scares you again, just remember that little nugget, and it'll be ok."

"He's such a sweet man; it's often difficult to imagine him as anything but."

"I'm glad you feel that way."

Susan jolted. "Oh, you startled me."

Grogek grinned. "Forgive me."

"Hey, Nara!"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "What Gerald?"

"Meet my ACTUAL sister, Jeana."

"The one you have a hard on for?" 

Gerald smacked his face. "I knew you'd say something like that."

The woman in question laughed, and brushed her hair back. "My baby brother here has been telling me all about his adopted sister and her... weird attitudes."

"Youngest of three?" Elunara considered. 

"Yeah, when our parents died, we were sent to the orphanage, Jeana here, was adopted out quickly, and left for Arathi, we kept in contact, but..." He shrugged. "Donald was also picked up, but by someone in Redridge. He came back often with his adopted parents." Gerald sat down. "Meanwhile, I was left here. I acted out, and landed myself in Mathias's lap. He raised me."

"That explains much." Elunara nodded. 

"See, can't have a thing for my sister, if I never saw her." Gerald stuck out his tongue. 

"Why ARE you back?" Elunara frowned. "If you've never come back before?"

Gerald sighed. "Always suspicious."

"Am not." 

"Well, then, she's straight, hands off."

"Don't want that either. I just figured that sibling bonds would dictate she visit more often."

"Heard my brother here, adopted a baby. I was curious, that's all." Jeana shrugged. 

"Hm. Well, I never understood such things anyway." Elunara waved a hand. 

After the pair of them left, Elunara tapped her pencil on her board. 

"Something is bothering you." Grogek reached up and stroked her leg. 

"I don't trust her." 

"Maybe it's just as they say." Susan sighed. "Look at my... ex-sister."

"Maybe." 

"Elunara?"

"Yeah?" She looked back at the agent.

"Mathias has requested your presence."

Her eyebrows shot up. "On my way."

Jeana frowned. "Your Elunara is a wary one."

"Not really." Gerald shrugged. "She's just strongly analytical. She over thinks everything." He shuddered. "To extents that I don't want to discuss." 

"Hm."

"Chrissy?"

"In here." 

"Chrissy I want you to meet my sister, Jeana."

"Oh, how lovely." Chrissy smiled. "Gerald told me about your situation."

"Yeah, it's sad and all. Where's the baby?"

"William is asleep, but you can peek in at him." Chrissy wiped her hands on a towel and led the way. 

"Isn't he beautiful?" She whispered. 

Jeana reached out, and put her hand on the child's head. "Yeah... he's something alright."

"We've recently come into some interesting information. I felt you should be the first to know." Mathias came around the desk and sat back on it. "I have decided; due to the nature of this information, that I would ask your opinion on how to handle it."

Elunara's eyebrows shot up again. 

"We have evidence that leads me to believe, that the woman known as Terica, the dead agent known as Robert, and the corpse, now known as Michi, that brought the infant William to our door, are all either siblings, or adopted siblings."

Elunara dropped her board. "What?"

He nodded. Reaching back, he snagged a packet of papers off of the desk. He handed them over. 

Elunara frowned. "Holy shit." After flipping through the pages, she shook her head. "They weren't physical siblings." 

"How can you be sure?"

"I've studied faces. You know my work... these... these aren't related. This is some sort of brotherhood. But, WHY?" 

"I don't know." 

"Something... there's something on the edge of my memory, something fresh..." She muttered. Shaking her head, she sighed. "I need my books."

"What of William?"

Elunara put her fist on her chin. "I don't want to keep Gerald in the dark. He needs to know this. Please, let me handle him."

"Of course." Mathias nodded. 

Elunara knocked on the door. 

Gerald blinked at her. "Uh, what?"

"I need to speak to you and Chrissy. Is your sister here?"

"Yeah."

"Get rid of her."

Gerald blinked. "CHRISSY!" 

Chrissy stuck her head out. "Yes?"

"Elunara needs us."

"Y'all go on; I'll take care of the baby." Jeana smiled.

"No." Elunara's voice was flat. 

"I know you don't know me." Jeana sighed. "But I love children. He'll be perfectly fine."

"This is SI:7 business." 

Gerald's eyes went wide. "Jeana, leave."

"You can't possibly..."

"I SAID LEAVE!" 

Jeana jolted and put her hands on her hips. "I am your REAL SISTER!"

Gerald marched back, grabbed Jeana by the arm, and hauled her bodily out the door. "GO." 

Jeana glared at Elunara. "This is bullshit."

"Go bitch at Mathias; I'm sure he'll care." Elunara snorted. 

After she finished, Gerald raked his fingers through his hair. "This is crazy!" 

"Do you read the evidence the same as I do?"

He nodded. "I also agree with your assessment. I've seen your work, I know your abilities. You say these three aren't physically related, I buy it."

"But, what does it mean?" Chrissy whispered, as she clung, with some desperation, to William.

"If this is truly a brotherhood, then William is in danger. If there are more, and I feel in my gut there are... they'll come for him."

"But, why?" Chrissy began to cry. "He's just a baby."

"Baby or not, he "belonged" to one of their members. No matter their end game, they'll want him back, if just to have the number."

"They can't have him! He's MINE!" 

"He's ours." Gerald wrapped his arms around the both of them. "No one is taking my son." 

"Do not leave him alone for ANY reason." Elunara shook her head. "I'm going to put agents on Chrissy for whenever they leave the house. We can't ruin our lives waiting for an assault, but it would kill me for something to happen to our Chrissy and your baby." 

"What about...?"

"How much do you really know about Jeana?"

"I..." Gerald shook his head. "Next to nothing, honestly. But, she's my sister."

"I don't care. Unless I personally vet them, no way in hell."

Gerald sighed. "You're the superior agent." He muttered. "Hell, you're next to Mathias." 

"I offered her a room to stay." Chrissy whispered.

"Rescind the offer. No one stays here."

Elunara made her way back to her library. Finding the book she wanted, she began to flip through. She continued to scan through her book, while she opened the door. 

"The FUCK is wrong with you?"

"Oh, you found my house." Elunara lowered the book.

Jeana growled. "I'm not allowed to visit my own brother because you got JEALOUS?"

"Jealousy is an emotion I'm not familiar with. Can you describe it in an essay of four pages or more?"

Jeana grabbed the front of Elunara's shirt.

"Ok, now that's just about the stupidest thing you could have done." Elunara grabbed Jeana wrist and twisted it backwards. "Listen here, you worthless twit, I am queen bitch around here, and if you don't follow my instructions TO THE LETTER, I will snap your arm off!" 

The woman hauled back and punched Elunara in the face.

"OK, well, THAT was the stupidest thing you can do." Tossing her book on the table, she grabbed Jeana by her hair. "You know, I seem to do this a lot lately." She twisted the arm up behind Jeana's back and marched her down to the training yard. Everyone dove out of the way. Elunara shoved Jeana into the ring. She held out her hand. "Pick your weapon, bitch." Elunara snagged her staff out of the air. 

"What the fuck?" Jeana blinked.

"You want to attack me in my home? No. You come the fuck down here and you do it in the ring, fair and square. Pick your fucking weapon."

Jeana pulled a dagger out. "FINE!" She went all out, hacking and slashing. 

"Interesting style, where'd you learn that?"

"It's called SURVIVAL!"

"Well, you suck at it." Elunara put her down in a couple of hits. She put her foot on Jeana's chest. "Better luck next time." 

Jeana buried her blade in Elunara's leg.

Elunara winced. "Someone has teeth!" 

Jeana wiggled her way out from under Elunara's foot, and kicked the knife still buried in the leg. 

Elunara yanked it out and tossed it. "Now you've gone and made it fun!" 

She swung out, but Jeana had learned some of her moves, and began to dodge. She scooped up her dagger and pressed her attack. Pleased she had landed several blows, she dodged and weaved, landing a few opportunistic stabs. "That's the difference between you twits who train in the city, and those of us who have to train to survive! We're tougher," She jammed her dagger in Elunara's arm. "Meaner," Her dagger sliced into the night elf's clothes. "And more unpredictable!"

"Elunara, are you going to keep playing with your toy, or are we going to get to train today?" Mark sighed. 

"I'm just letting her run her mouth. I'm so VERY interested in what she has to say."

"Translation: no." Jordan snorted. 

"You've lost a lot of blood, night elf!" Jeana called.

Elunara looked down at her body. "This??" She snorted. "This is less than usual, actually." 

"False bravado gets you NO WHERE!" Jeana jammed the dagger into Elunara's chest. "HAH! Try to deal with a punctured lung!" 

"Oh, sweetheart." Elunara sighed. She yanked the dagger out, and tossed it back at Jeana. Ripping her shirt off, she laughed at the woman's shocked expression. "You want to talk about SURVIVAL?" Dropping her staff, Elunara threw out her arms and summoned her energy glow. She lifted only slightly, but her body healed itself with no effort. 

"You idiot!" Gerald called. "Elunara has taken a sword to the heart, and gotten back up." 

"You like my scars, sweetie? You don't know the first thing about PAIN and SURVIVAL!"

Suddenly, almost all present dropped to their knees and held up their hands in supplication. "HAIL TO OUR GODDESS OF WAR AND MERCY!" They called. 

Once again, she spread her arms and laid her head back. "You feed me and it is wonderful!" She looked back at Jeana. "You see, you filthy little beast, I don't need jealousy. I don't need anything. Gerald is my friend, Gerald is my brother. Who are you, but some distant relation? She walked forward and put her hand on Jeana's chest. "While you are here, you do as I say. Got it?" She shoved her backward. "The rest of you," She shook her head. "Get back to work." 

Gerald licked his lips. "Why did you make an example out of my sister?"

"Because she tried to attack me in my home." 

"Oh. Well, then."

"Elunara." 

Jeana's eyes went wide at the King. 

"Why don't you have a shirt?"

"Because that little dumbass down there cut it off of me."

"Ah." He held out his hand.

She laughed. "Thanks, lover." She tugged the shirt on over her head, before kissing him on the cheek. 

He laughed. "As much as I enjoy the view, some might consider it inappropriate." He ran his hand on her hip. 

Jeana narrowed her eyes, this just got even more complicated. 

"Do you NOT see what she IS?" 

Later at the bar, Gerald sighed and leaned back in his chair. "Just because she beat your ass..."

"That has nothing to do with anything. She's a succubus, that bowing shit was mind control!"

"We do that because we love her." He murmured. 

"SEE?? An entire city can't "love" one person! It's just not statistically POSSIBLE!"

He shook his head. "You don't know her."

"Brother, please... come back with me to Arathi. Once she's out of range, the spell will break, and you'll be free of her control."

"I can't make you understand, because you haven't seen her miracles. She gave me my Chrissy, she gave me my William. She gives and gives, and asks for nothing in return."

"Nothing but your slavery. Give back the gifts, and you'll see."

"I am NOT giving back my wife or child." Gerald growled. 

"That's how she controls you. These... gifts. Do you not realize how WRONG it is to give the gift of a PERSON? Chrissy is just under her control too." 

Gerald sighed. "I can't make you see..."

"Gods, just look at the way your wife LOOKS at Elunara. That's not natural. When that child grows up, he'll be the same." 

"Why are you SO against her?" He sipped his beer, though he'd lost the taste for it.

"Why are you so FOR her?" Jeana shook her head. "This place is completely creepy." She shuddered. "Fine, if you won't give up the woman or the baby, then have them all come back with me. Once we're in Arathi, it will break the hold on all three of you." She tapped her fingers. "If that whacko would even let you go."

"She went to wetlands."

"What?"

"She went to wetlands to gather all of Susan's things, and she was gone a week because she had to drive it all back in a cart. Not one person "lost" their love for Elunara. Not even me. Donald is out in Redridge right now, he's been there for months, but still he adores her. Even then, he doesn't "love" her like everyone else does; they just have a pleasant relationship. She never did anything for him, and he still enjoys her company."

"But..."

"No, Jeana. You just don't know her, and I can't MAKE you know her. However, her rules are finite. You aren't allowed in my house at the moment. That's just how it is."

"That's BULLSHIT!" She slammed her fist on the table. 

Gerald raked his fingers through his hair. "It's an SI:7 thing. Did you forget I work for them? This is a safety concern."

"I'M YOUR SISTER!"

"Right now? Elunara is more my sister than you are." He stood up. 

"Something wrong?"

"Nothing to worry about, Tippy."

"How's William?"

"Starting to really walk." He grinned, before he walked out. 

Tippy eyed the girl at the table. "What's your problem?"

"Don't tell me you're in love with Elunara too."

Tippy laughed. "Who isn't?"

"What did she do for you?"

"Many things... but mostly she gave me my husband." Tippy sighed. 

In her inn room, Jeana held her head in her hands and sighed. The orb on the table began to throb, and she picked it up. "Sir!" She jumped to attention. "Sir, Elunara is proving to be quite the challenge to deal with. I think we've underest– no, sir. I am not second guessing you." She sighed. "No sir. I had hoped to bring him to my side. The objective is what we thought. Sir, it would be easier if... no sir, I don't need easy. Yes, I'll do it, I have no problems. I was merely expressing my desire for my brother to be on my side with this. Yes, sir. Your will be done." She resisted smashing the orb on the table, and instead opted to shred her pillow with her dagger.