 Jeana made her way down to the training yard, and frowned when she couldn't find her target. Spotting Susan on the platform, she smiled at the child the woman was playing with.

"Susan?"

"Yes?"

"May I sit?"

Susan sighed. "If you must."

"I really wish everyone wasn't so angry with me." Jeana sat.

"You attacked our Elunara. Very few people are going to be nice."

Jeana reached a hand out towards the small child. "It's just... I haven't seen my broth--"

Susan whacked Jeana's hand. "I didn't say you could do that." 

"Sorry. I really do like babies. I'll never have my own."

"Such a shame." Susan shook her head. "But that's not my concern."

"Please don't be so angry. It would be nice to have at least one friend." 

Susan sighed. "Then drop this hostility towards Elunara. People love her for a reason. For many reasons actually."

"GET YOUR HAND OFF MY CHILD!"

Everyone jolted. Susan looked down and whacked Jeana's hand again. "STOP THAT! That is the EXACT reason that nobody likes you!" She yanked Lulu up.

"Get your ASS out of my SEAT!"

"YOU THINK YOU OWN THIS WHOLE FUCKING CITY, DON'T YOU?"

"She does."

They turned to look at Varian. "Elunara can do as she pleases." 

"Sir!" Jeana bowed. "Sir, you must understand. I haven't seen my brother in YEARS, and I finally have the means and opportunity to do so, and the second SHE sees me at his house, she throws the whole city on lockdown. My own brother refuses to see me." 

Varian raised an eyebrow. "It is my understanding that Elunara was alerted to some security concerns involving Captain Gerald's family. Until those issues can be resolved, she's personally seen to their safety." He looked at Elunara.

She nodded. 

"I was also told; that upon hearing of these measures, you went and physically attacked Elunara at her home. An act which, I don't have to tell you; was the stupidest possible reaction you could have had." 

Jeana didn't have to fake the heat flush to her face. "I was unaware of her skill."

"Elunara's skill notwithstanding, attacking ANYONE in my city because you're upset, is frowned upon. I seriously doubt that was how you were raised." 

She sighed. "I let my temper get away with me and I am sorry."

"First of all, apologizing to me is worthless. Second, that apology does not qualify as heartfelt, and more "have to". I'm going to assume that's part of the reason you have yet to make any friends in my city. Though, I know the main reason is that we all tend to be rather protective of our goddess."

"Goddess?" Jeana blinked.

"Oh, you didn't know?" Varian shook his head. "No wonder you're an idiot. You're so horribly uninformed." 

Jeana turned scarlet, but it wasn't embarrassment. She bit down on her tongue. "I have heard this goddess... rumor, but even YOU believe it?"

"I have witnessed it firsthand." 

Jeana sighed. "I thought that you of all people would be reasonable enough to see through the lies."

Varian laughed. "Not only is she a demon in the be -- Ring, but her infinite kindness, and her ability to pull even the most lost of souls from the nether, have made her goddess to us all."

She smacked a hand to her forehead. "This is completely ridiculous!"

"Then leave." Varian shrugged, before turning and walking away. 

That night, Varian found Elunara sitting in his window. "That was no mere slip of the tongue." She grinned. 

"How about another slip of the tongue?" He winked.

"Gladly."

He reached up and tugged at her pants. "How about you stay in the window?" He grinned. 

Looking over her shoulder, she eyed the three story drop. "Dangerous." She grinned back at him. "I like it."

Dropping the pants to the floor, he ran his hands up her thighs. "I just realized how perfect this height is." He pushed her legs wide and began to run his mouth along the inside, from knee to center. He paused. "Plus, it puts you at an interesting disadvantage." 

"The fact that I have no choice but to hang on?" She gasped.

"Exactly." He went back to his task, inwardly grinning at her shivering and jolting. With his fingers, he spread those delicate folds apart. Slipping his tongue in her, he began to suck on that top nub. She gasped and shook. His fingers went in next, and he pumped them, as he worked his mouth into the tight little spots that drove her crazy. 

"ACK! Varian!" She scrambled to hold on, as her fingers slipped from the smooth rock. 

His hand shot out and grabbed hers. Tugging her into the room, he laughed. "Are you alright, my love?"

She cackled. "Yes, I... what did you call me?" She blinked. 

"I..." He licked his lips and blushed. "Yeah." 

Gently, slowly, she pressed her mouth to his. "Mm, I think we should investigate that more."

He licked his lips, as his breath quickened. "Yes, I think we should." He threaded his finger through her hair, as his tongue gently explored her mouth. He went for her shirt and tugged it off. Slowly, as if dancing, he worked her over to the bed and laid her gently down, before removing his own gear and dealing with it. 

She watched him with a keen sort of interest, as she lay against the pillows in his bed. Watching his naked body move had always been a massive turn on to her, but to know him completely, was something else entirely. He walked back over, and climbed over on top her. He captured her mouth again, and she slipped her arms behind his neck. Sliding his hands behind her back, he lay between her legs, enjoying the sensations of her mouth. He waited longer than normal, so that he could savor her completely. 

Shifting upwards, he rubbed himself against those soft, slick folds. "Mine." He softly growled, before burying himself completely into her. She gasped and tightened her grip, as he groaned and went for her shoulder. He took his time tormenting that soft spot that had her writhing under him. "Mine." He repeated, as he began to thrust his hips. Her legs went up and around his waist, as he began to pound. "Mine." He whispered with each thrust. 

"Varian!" She gasped, as she began to clamp down around him.

"Mine." He groaned, letting go.

Jeana paced her room. When the orb began to glow, she snatched it up. "Sir! I have news. Sir, Elunara is fucking King Wrynn. No, this is not speculation, he told me. No word on Shaw, but I suspect it's the same. Sir, I have confirmation on my succubus suspicions. Her child is covered in succubus magic. Yes, sir. Same as... no sir, of course not. The target remains the same. I just believe that if I can prove my allegation, I can topple some of her hold, and then the city is essentially ours." 

"Yes, sir. Of course. Your will is my command." She dropped the orb on the bed. Flopping down on the bed, she held her head. How was she supposed to pull this off in two days?

"Gerald?"

He closed his eyes and counted, before turning around. "Yes, Jeana?"

"Can I speak to you in private?"

He gestured. 

"Listen, I have to leave soon."

"Thank the gods." He muttered.

"Don't BE like that. I wish you'd come back with me, if only for a few days. But, listen... Take this." She held up a small bag. 

"What is it?"

She took out the object. "This gem will reveal demon magic. Specifically succubus magic."

He eyed the funky gem. "I've seen these before..." 

"I can PROVE Elunara is a succubus."

"Not this again." Rubbing his eyes, he sighed. "We all know what Elunara is. She isn't your succubus."

"If you won't use it on her, at least use it on her child. That child is covered in succubus magic."

Gerald laughed. "Well, no shit." 

"What?"

"Nothing, it's none of your goddamned business! I don't need your stupid stone."

"Use it on your own child." She whispered. 

He froze. "What?"

"Gerald, how did you get that baby? Honestly? You can't possibly believe they were born a week apart. LOOK at them, they're TWINS. She's using you for some other purpose. I don't know what, but she gave you one of her babies for a reason. Just THINK about that."

"Oh, how little you know." Gerald sighed. Dropping the gem, he crushed it under his foot. "Leave. Leave this city. I am SO FUCKING SICK OF YOU!" He shoved her back. "You stay away from my family and you stay the FUCK away from Elunara!" 

He marched back down to the training yard. "Elunara! I need you!"

Elunara scrambled off of the platform and met him. "What's wrong?"

"Come with me." He jerked his head. At the house, he stuck his head in. "CHRISSY?"

"In the baby's room." 

Gerald found her and wrapped his arms around her. 

"What's the matter?"

"My stupid ass sister is stuck on trying to prove Elunara is a succubus." He finished explaining. 

Elunara put her hand on William's small body and focused. "He does have the same traces that Lulu has." 

"What does that mean?" Chrissy whispered.

"Nothing for now. Maybe when they're older." Elunara shook her head. "Your sister is up to something, and I don't like it." 

"She ain't MY sister. Not anymore." He shook his head. 

Jeana leaned against a building and fought the tears. Nothing had gone how she had wanted since being here. It was all that bitch's fault, but now she'd over played her hand and was all out of cards. Hardening herself to her duty, she went shopping. 

With a sigh, Gerald made his way home. Perhaps losing himself in his wife was what he needed right now. Opening the door, he dropped to his knees. "CHRISSY!" Carefully, he turned her over and she groaned. His head jerked up, and he ran to the baby's room. 

Elunara's ears pricked up and she took off running. She found the still unconscious Chrissy and moved through the house. Gerald was collapsed to the floor, one hand on the cradle, the other to his face as he wept.

"They took him." He croaked. 

"Gerald! Straighten your ass up; we have a bitch to catch."

He ran alongside her. "Are you certain its Jeana?"

"I have no doubts. She went this way." 

"Go without me, you're faster unhindered." 

"I may--"

"If you'd just come with me, then you could have kept your stupid brat."

They both looked up. Jeana had a pair of bundles tied to her body. She dove off the other side.

"She has Lulu!" Elunara gasped.

"I have your tracker, go get the goddamned bitch!" Gerald growled. 

Elunara nodded and bolted after Jeana. Jean may have had a head start, but she was just a human, and one who didn't know the city like Elunara did. It was her idiotic stop to brag that would ultimately cost her. 

Elunara ambushed Jeana. Jeana flailed her dagger and sunk home into Elunara's arm. Elunara didn't even flinch, as she punched Jeana in the face with the same arm. "Give me back my daughter and nephew!"

"You lying BITCH!" Jeana held a dagger to the sleeping girl. "Move and she dies."

Narrowing her eyes, Elunara ran her hand over her arm and healed the cut.

"Now, you're going to STAND THERE while I make good my escape, or the mewling brat dies."

"Oh, no. You see, YOU misunderstand. You harm one SKIN FLAKE on my child's body and I'll rip you to pieces." Before Jeana could react, Elunara darted behind her and knocked her out. 

Jeana gasped awake, as water was dumped over her head. She coughed and blinked. Elunara had Jeana's dagger. Gerald leaned back against a table, and both King Wrynn and Mathias Shaw stood behind them. 

"Here's how this works..." Elunara twirled the dagger in her fingers. "You tell me the truth, and this goes well. You lie to me..." She leaned forward and stuck the tip of the dagger to Jeana's nose. "And I start cutting chunks out of you. Believe me... I know a lie."

"You'll never break me!"

Elunara sliced Jeana's nose. "Oh, honey, you really don't know me at all. I've broken meaner, and entirely more stubborn, than you."

Gerald snorted. "I've watched. I'd do what she says. Or she'll just leave you a bloody husk."

"Gerald! Why are you so obsessed with her?"

"Because she's my sister. Unlike you."

"If you'd just come WITH me, you could HAVE the child. You could have had BOTH of the twins."

Gerald smacked his face. "They are NOT fucking TWINS." 

"I'm getting really BORED!" Elunara whined. Lightning fast, she whipped the dagger across Jeana's cheek. 

It took a moment for the pain to kick in. "AGH! You BITCH!" 

"Making false accusations is the same as lying in my book." 

"Talk, Jeana." Gerald glared. "What the hell did you need MY SON in Arathi Highlands for?"

"Wrong Highlands." Jeana tried to ignore the pain in her cheek. "I wasn't adopted by people in Arathi, I was recruited to Twilight Highlands." 

"You're a cultist?" Gerald dropped his hands.

"Same as she." Jeana jerked her head at Elunara. 

Elunara held her belly as she began to laugh. "Seriously?"

"Don't lie." Jeana sneered. "You were one of our highest ranking members... one of the few people who actually volunteered for the... dragon process. They still speak your name in exalted tones."

"Well, you do tend to go all out." Mathias shook his head. 

"Oh, you worthless little shit. I was an SI:7 agent on assignment, and boy did I pump back the information." She twirled the dagger. "I thought I was to be tried for treason by the cultists. I guess I misunderstood THAT situation." 

"Originally, they wanted to send an operative to bring you back, but no one could find you." Jeana shook her head. "You earned an even more notorious reputation for the way you just simply vanished." 

"So explain the baby." Elunara jammed the knife into the table. 

"After... after a few key losses, it became harder and harder to recruit new members. It seemed that some of our processes came to light. We lost valuable ground. So the idea... so the idea was that we would set up breeders. Why recruit? When they could just be born into the order. We worked hard to cultivate and initiate our breeders, and as such, they became highly valuable to us. One of them... got out, and disappeared for a time. But we have ears in all things, and eventually, she was tracked here, where it was believed she died with her precious cargo."

Elunara visibly twitched. "You mean they were raped, impregnated and held as captives until they outlived their ability to produce your spawn."

"You make it sound so vulgar." Jeana sneered. "The unwilling were... removed of their memories. They were pampered, well cared for. A good body is hard to come by, especially in the heavily magicked areas. Sometimes their bodies became corrupt, their babies unusable. We had to get our hands on the pure ones. When a pure one disappeared... well, we actually believe it was her sister Terica and Terica's husband Robert that freed the woman. Then Terica and Robert disappeared and we lost all leads. Suddenly, Gerald writes me a letter, telling me about a mystery baby, born from a dying woman. It just clicked."

"Terica has been executed for treason, and Robert died of animal attacks." 

"Damn, that explains it."

"Where does Dak fit into all of this?"

"Dak?" Jeana blinked.

"Dak was the name of the man that Terica committed treason over."

"Dak....Dak..." Jeana concentrated. "Oh! That must be the guy Terica was supposed to marry before we picked her up." 

"You said Robert was Terica's husband."

"Well, you'd CALL him her husband. Terica was supposed to be another breeder and Robert her... donor. Robert fell for the distraught Terica. That's all I really know. Terica and Michi were brought to us as fresh teenagers. Michi proved to be quite the able breeder... Terica was essentially barren."

Gerald put a hand over his mouth. "I think I'm going to be sick." 

"So all of this, over a disgusting attempt to bolster cultist ranks." Elunara shook her head. 

"I would have gotten away with it... if they'd given me up to date information on you." Jeana sneered. "I told that buffoon Ramsley that you were more than they remembered, but nooooo. Gods, when I get out of this..." Her voice faltered as she looked at her captors. 

"So, Ramsley is the bastard I have to deal with." Elunara licked her teeth. "And, no. You're not getting out of this." She put her hand on the dagger handle.

"No."

Elunara looked at Gerald. 

"Let me do it."

She moved her hand. "All yours."

"No! No, Gerald, you can't!"

Gerald freed the dagger from the table. "My sister died when we were kids. You're just a sick bitch." He slit her throat without mercy. 

Elunara put her hand on his shoulder. 

Gerald looked at the body and shook his head. "I know who my real sister is." Dagger in hand, he left the room. 

"We'll deal with the clean up." Varian nodded. 

"Thanks." 

She fell in step with Gerald. 

"I don't feel like talking." 

"Not here to talk." 

He nodded and kept walking. They reached portal lake and stood together on the edge. After awhile, Gerald flung the dagger into the lake. She wrapped her arm around his shoulders. Sighing, he laid his head on her shoulder. "I had to be the one to do it."

"I know." 

"They'll still come after him."

"I know." 

"I can't..." He rubbed his hand over his mouth.

"I told you once, I'll tell it to you over and over... I will fight tooth and nail to make sure you keep your son." 

"Thank you."

She put her fingers under his chin. "I don't give gifts to have them taken away." She grinned. 

He chuckled. "Yeah, we all know you're a succubus. We're used to it by now." 

"Go hug your child and then make love to your wife, it'll make you feel better." 

"Yeah, that's a good idea." He turned and left. 

"Hey, Ina?" Elunara sighed. "You got a moment?"

"Yeah sure, this room is free."

"I found out the truth behind William's birth mother."

Ina sat in a chair, her hand over her mouth. "That's... horrible." 

"There's no telling how many she had before..."

"The body is not meant to do that." Ina shook her head. "What a horrible existence."

Elunara picked up the sleeping Lulu and sat in the rocking chair. She cuddled her child. 

Jordan came in and knelt. "How's Gerald?"

"He opted to slit her throat himself. I think eventually it will prove to help him in the long run."

Jordan nodded. "I can't believe that moron thought they were twins." He ran his hand on Lulu's head. 

"Well, when they're newborns, a week is a big deal. When they're almost a year and a half, a week is nothing. She thought they were twins because both had a succubus taint to them."

"A..." Jordan jolted. "My little girl is tainted?" He practically whimpered. 

"Not truly. But the magic that created her... I don't want to use the word stain, because our baby is precious, but the marker is there." She shook her head. "It's nothing dangerous, it's..." She sighed. "Impossible to explain in a way that doesn't hurt. You were under the spell of a succubus when you fucked that psychopath. Your... stuff was marked, and as such, the baby is marked. I can't tell you what that means in the end." 

"Gods." Jordan laid his forehead against Lulu.

"Please, don't let th--"

"I'm not." Jordan shook his head. "I'm not. No one can take my little girl from me. Now I'm just worried about her future. How this might hurt her. It would kill me..."

"Oh, Jordan." She ran her hand on his hair. "We'll make it right. I'll make it right."

He rose up and brushed his lips against hers. "I know you will."

"So what is our plan?" Varian put his hands on the table.

"The best course of action is to send out our agents to bring back as much information as possible, and then send out men to bring the Twilight Hammer down." Mathias tapped his fingers in the table. 

"I have a few recommendations." Elunara looked out of the window. "I don't think I need to tell you, that we need agents with stable mental states. We can't have an agent jumping the gun. I imagine these so called "breeders" will be kept in traumatic circumstances, and if one of ours gets it in their head to rescue even one..."
