 Elunara made her way down to the training yard. She spotted Grogek on the side of the yard and grinned. Susan was sitting on the edge of the platform, her hand on his shoulder. Grinning, she tucked beside Grogek. 

"You two are endlessly adorable." 

Susan giggled. "I guess we are."

Grogek wrapped his arm around Elunara. "So you continue to tell us."

"How are the boys doing?"

"Fairly well. Jordan and I are both pleased with how well they've adapted to the new routine." He considered her. "You're not here for that."

"No. Just debating."

"Care to let us in on the debate?" Grogek eyed her.

"Sorry Susan, I need my husband." She winked.

Susan giggled. "I guess I can let you BORROW him."

"Good enough!" Elunara yanked the front of his shirt. 

He chuckled as he followed behind her. "Anything in particular set you off?"

"My new little follower?"

"Yeah?"

"Apparently uses my books as fap material."

His eyes went wide. "Really?"

"Silly little thing is still a virgin, yet wants me to set it up so I can get her fucked by a line of men in one go."

"Well, now I'm suddenly horny." He chuckled. 

"I know, right? I figure I'll maul you for the next hour or so, and then I can think straight again. If not, I'll drag Jordan down here after." She winked. 

Laughing, he followed her upstairs. "Not going for the couch?"

"Nah, I want my bed." She yanked of her clothes, and watched him do the same. "Mm, I want you lying on the bed." 

He got comfortable on the bed and grinned at her. "I do believe I'm at your mercy." 

Brushing her fingers up the length of his dick, she grinned. "As if I believe that." She bent down and licked the length of him. "I always enjoy the taste of you." When she slipped her lips over his dick, he grabbed her leg and pulled her on to the bed. She looked back. "Oh, really?"

"You're not the only one who wants a taste." 

"In that case..." Softly, she ran her fingers up and down the length of him, before holding on as she licked. 

He shivered under her touch, as he slid his fingers up and down through her slick folds, before pressing the first one in. At her groan, he grinned and slid his finger up and down, before pressing the second one in. 

Gasping, she pumped her hand up and down, before slipping her mouth back over the tip. She sucked on him, as she worked her fingers up and down the length of him. As his rate increased, so did her desire to take him all in. She pumped her mouth up and down on him, as her fingers worked their magic on his balls.

The fingers of one hand bit into her hip as he groaned. Burying his tongue inside of her, he drank of her juices, tangling with his own fingers. Wrapping an arm around her thigh, he used his free hand to push a finger into her asshole. In went the second, and he pumped with both hands, furiously licking her wetness. 

Even as she shook with it, she readjusted her mouth and sucked him deep and hard. When he exploded in her mouth, she sucked him down. Gentle, she licked him clean, before brushing her fingers tips up and down. "Mm, what should we do with you next?"

He pushed at her hips. "That way."

Sitting up, she slid her wet center down his chest and stomach, before bucking up and sliding down on his waiting dick.

"Yes, that." He groaned. Wrapping his hands around her hips, he helped her to slide up and down. She put her hands on his legs and bounced her hips, rocking and sliding on him. Gently, he tugged on her hair. "Come back." 

Adjusting her legs, she shifted to a more comfortable position, before lying back against his chest. One of his hands came up and began to cup and caress her breast, while the other clung to a hip. He bucked his hips up and down, sliding in and out of her. Without warning, he rolled over on top of her and pressed her tight against the bed, as he pumped his hips. 

"I can be surprising too." He whispered in her ear. 

"I love it." She groaned. "I love you." 

"Say it again." He wrapped his legs with hers. 

"I love you." 

He slid his fingers though her hair and tugged. "Mine." He growled, as he took complete possession of her mouth. 

Later, they lay together, curled up in each other's arms. "Mm, that was lovely." Elunara licked Grogek's chest.

"So what are you going to do about your crazy little protégé?" 

"Give her exactly what she wants and see how well she survives it." She shrugged. 

"Really?" He eyed her.

"If she wants to be a mission specialist, she has to develop a useable skill. If we could find an agent that could do what I did... well that'd be a valuable agent. If her sexual fantasy turns out to not be all that great... then she can find something else to do with her life. Either way, I've got to give it to her to try." 

Elunara flipped through the notes. "Thanks John. Keep me updated."

He silently nodded and left.

Darguni walked in and flopped down. "Mom, I do NOT like Minuette." 

"Hm." She scanned a sheet. "Why?"

"She asks embarrassing and annoying questions all day long, and then expects me to expand my answers."

"You don't have to answer anything you're not comfortable with."

"I told her that, if she wanted answers, she should ask you directly."

"What's she asking?"

"Stuff about your books and how you do things. I'm not sure she's given me a question yet that doesn't immediately mean you."

"Grand."

"Do I HAVE to keep showing her around? I don't think she's done a thing you've asked her to." 

"Just a bit longer, shug. Mostly, I just want her occupied while I deal with other things. I hate dumping her on you, but you're being a trooper about it."

"Ugh, I'd rather have one of dad's punishments." 

"Where's Bradly?"

"Cemetery." 

"Ah." She considered. "You should find your own place to go. Somewhere private, that no one else has found yet. That way, when you're burdened, you have a quiet spot to think."

Darguni tapped his foot on the floor. "You think a place like that exists?"

"You're a resourceful kid, go find out." She jerked her head to the side. 

"I bet it'll be the best place ever." He grinned. "Thanks, Mom." He ran out the door.

Elunara made her way up to Mathias' office. "I have some interesting information. It's not much, but not much is to be had at this point."

"Spill it."

"Jenny's surprise Grandfather, Jessup, has only been in town for about a month. No one has any information on him, other than his mysterious appearance in a bar near the entrance. After that, he appears to have all the makings of a frail old man in poor health."

"I first spoke to Jenny less than two weeks ago..."

"So he's been here near four weeks, and only approached Jenny about four days after you did." Elunara sighed. "At first, Jenny was all bounces and thrills... now I'm having difficulty getting a moment to speak to her. She's even started refusing my energy shots. Muttered something about "the light", and shut the door in my face." She scrubbed her fingers through her hair. "Even Mark is reporting that she's acting rather strange." 

"Strange how?" He frowned at the pack of papers.

"His word? Dull. Like some of the color has gone out of her. Even more concerning, is the fact that she's been trying to get Mark to let the old man move in. Claims she needs to tend to him."

Mathias visibly twitched. "I don't like it one bit."

"Yet, I can't find a way in. On the surface, there's nothing wrong. Her life, as of this moment, isn't in any danger, and other than her desire to take on a third person to care for... I could easily wave her issues away, as a woman with young twins who suddenly finds herself caring for an elderly patient. It's a lot to take in for one girl who's never been entirely stable. All we have at this time; is that the whole thing reeks of suspicion. As SI:7 agents, EVERYTHING reeks of suspicion."

"That much is true." He murmured. "Let me know if ANYTHING changes."

"You know me."

Elunara caught up with Jenny in the trade district. "Hey, little dove, you're looking a tad pale. How about an energy shot?"

"Uh, no." Jenny waved a hand. "Please don't." She said quietly. 

"But... why?"

"Because..." Jenny bit her lip. "It's just that... grandfather has heard about your succubus powers, and he's worried. It's just not natural for someone to do."

"Uh, okay." She shrugged. "If that's your decision."

"And that's another thing." Jenny sighed. "Keep your hands off of my husband."

"Idabuh?" Elunara just blinked. 

"I know you've been using your abilities on him, and I'm not happy with it."

"Jenny, I haven't had Mark in my house for well over a YEAR. And YOU gave him to me."

"Yes, well, stop using your dratted powers on me! I know what you've been up to, and I don't like it one bit!" Turning on her heels, Jenny stomped away.

"Elunara!" Chrissy bounced over. Hesitating, she waved a hand in front of Elunara's face. "Hello?"

"I..."

"What happened to you?" Chrissy was all concern.

Elunara tried several times to point. "J-jenny... just accused me of..." 

"Of what?"

"Using succubus abilities to steal her husband..."

"JENNY DID?"

"I..." Her lip quivered.

"Well, shit. I'm not sure I've ever wanted to know if you were capable of crying. Come on, let's get you home." Chrissy helped Elunara home and left her in the big bed. "I'll be right back, ok?" In a panic, she ran all the way down to the yard. She collapsed and gasped for air. 

"Chrissy?"

"Jordan! Elunara's freaking out!"

Jordan found Elunara, shivering under the blanket. "Baby?"

"Why?" She whispered. "Why would she SAY that?"

"Chrissy told me..." He sat down and rubbed a hand on her side. Shaking his head, he sighed. "Baby, speaking of succubus antics, what do we know of that grandfather of hers?"

Elunara jolted up. "Fuck, why didn't I think of that?"

"Because she, of all people, just slapped the shit out of you. That's enough to break anyone's game." He considered. "Do you really think he's a succubus? Well, whatever the male equivalent is."

"Incubus, and no. There's more than one way to control someone's mind." 

Elunara made her way down to the training yard. "Yo, Mark."

He winced. "Listen..."

"I already know she's banned you from seeing me."

"I just..."

"You're torn between loyalty to me and the love of your wife. I know, I won't keep you. What do you know of the grandfather?"

"Just bits and bobs of what she's told me. Things about her mother growing up. He never gives her a straight answer about himself. I don't speak to him much, but Jenny puts EVERYTHING into what he says. Like, our sex life has taken a nose dive, because somehow he's got her convinced that the only way a woman should take it, is on her back. Like, what kind of grandfather dictates that shit? When I ask her about it, she just says he's old fashioned and wise." 

Elunara winced. "Ugh." 

"But she serves his every waking need. Even worse, like everything that belongs to our children? Never leaves their room. If so much as a ball rolls out, she freaks out and stuffs it back in there. I can't possibly spend every moment there, but I'm honestly worried that she doesn't let our children out of that room either. The house stays... perfect. Like, creepy perfect." He lowered his voice. "I swear it matches the house the way it did when Terrance had a hold of her."

Chrissy bounced over and knocked on the door. When the door opened, she smiled. "Hey, Jenny! I was just--"

"I'm sorry, my grandfather isn't allowing guests."

"Uh, but..."

"No." Jenny slammed the door. 

"Ok, now I want to cry." Chrissy muttered. 

"Dear me!" Tulani came in, a hand to her chest.

"What's the matter, Sweetness?"

"I went to deliver Jenny the dress she ordered from me a month ago, and she slammed the door in my face!"

"Ok, this is getting completely out of hand." Elunara slammed her board down.

"Do you know what's going on?"

"Yeah, Jenny's supposed grandfather appeared, and now he has her completely locked down. It's getting ridiculous!" 

"What does Mark have to say about it?"

"He's at a complete loss. Apparently, the man is dictating their sex life."

"That's... a new level of creepy." 

Elunara marched to the door. "You have no idea." She yanked it open. "Please tell me you have something of use."

John held up his packet. "I think there's someone you should know about." 

She eyed the page. "Why should I give a rat's ass about a Defias agent in Stormwind? Report it to the main SI:7 building."

"He's been inquiring about Jessup." 

"Where is he?"

The man sat quietly in his inn room, sorting through his small notebook. The next thing he knew, he was slammed into the table, dagger in his face.

"You and I are going to have a little talk."

He blinked up at the very angry Night Elf. "Purple haired night elf, with the temper of a viper, and a silver dagger... are you Elunara?"

She released him. "Yes." 

"Do you know how hard you've been to track down?"

She rubbed her thumb across her forehead. "Did you bother to ask? Like, any guard, ever?" 

"Yes, because a former Defias agent is welcomed with open arms in Stormwind." He snorted. 

"Ask anyone for the sex house?"

"That's... true?" He blinked. Shaking his head, he sighed. "Let's start over. My name is Rolo." He held out a hand. 

After eyeing him for a moment, she stuck out her hand. "I still think you're incompetent."

"I'll accept that." He shrugged. "Even when I had a direction, you never seemed to be where anyone pointed me." 

"I get around." She licked her teeth. "I'm here about Jessup."

"I've been tracking him for months." Rolo shook his head. "Sit down, this is a long one."

"I prefer to stand."

"You're the superior agent." He shrugged. "You see, Jessup and I used to both be members of the Defias. He's... well, he's fucking insane, that's what he is. He finds a willing female to control, and then he abuses the shit out of her until she either out lives her usefulness, or pisses him off in some way." He rubbed his neck. "Ages ago, he married a woman and had a kid, and honestly looked to be making something of himself. I didn't see any of the usual signs..." He buried his face in his hands. Scrubbing his hands over his face, he looked up. "Fuck it, her name was Jewel, and I was in love with her. Gods, I desperately loved her... but she only had eyes for Jessup. I'll freely admit to the jealousy, but damn it all, I watched her. I watched her for all the signs, and nothing. She was genuinely happy."

"Try to keep the emotion out of it."

He shook himself. "One day... I don't know what she did, but he ordered her death. Both her and the kid were to die by his order. I heard about it too late, but I tried... I tried to make it. They slaughtered her. I showed up, and the others were debating, because none of them wanted to kill a kid. I offered to do it. Instead, I grabbed her and ran. I got on that horse, and didn't stop until I was at the door of the orphanage. I thought I'd saved her." 

"Lily Rose?"

He nodded. "The same. And she was safe. I kept tabs on her, and when I couldn't, I had someone else I could trust. She grew into a fine young woman. I hated that some man left her knocked up... not once, but twice." 

"He had no choice." She murmured. 

"Then Jessup found out about Lily Rose..." He scrubbed his hand over his mouth. "Not only did I have to run again... I..." He choked. "I was late again." Tears ran down his face. "Because Lily Rose had evaded him, he wanted her death to be especially painful. She died slowly, because he wanted her to. Lily Rose died in front of her children, just as Jewel had died in front of hers."

"Can you prove this?"

"I've kept every scrap of information. Now, I think he plans to do the same to that girl... that Jenny. I just don't want to be too late again."

"No, but if you have the proof..."

Pushing her to the side, he dug a package out from under his bed. "I had planned to deliver it to the king."

"Keep it safe. I have to get my Jenny back." Elunara took off. 

Her first stop was SI:7. With Mathias on her heels, she bolted through the city.

Jenny carefully arranged the cups and other items on the little tray. Her hands shook, as she carefully measured each individual pour. A proper lady knew how to do these things. She would be a proper lady. With utmost care, she maneuvered the tray through the living room. 

"Here we are, grandfather." Delicately, she sat the tray on the little table. 

"You forgot the sugar." He admonished. 

"Oh! Please forgive me." She turned, and the edge of her skirt caught the table, tipping it into the floor. Reaching out, she tried to catch the tea set, but barely missed, and the entire set shattered against the wooden floor. "I'm so sorry!" She gasped. 

He was up in an instant, the frailty gone, as he grabbed her arm and began to hit her repeatedly in the face. She cried out, but he kicked her in the stomach, knocking the air out of her. "Foul bitch!" Reaching back, he was shocked by the hand on his wrist. 

Elunara punched the old man in the face. "YOU LET HER GO!" 

"No!" Jenny coughed. "It... was my..."

Elunara backhanded Jessup. "It's NEVER your fault, Jenny!"

Jessup dove at Elunara. "WORTHLESS BITCH!" His knife blade sliced across her arm. Sneering at her, he jabbed the dagger at her again. "You're dead anyway."

"Look again, asshole." She gestured to the sizzling wound. "Your poison is already burning out." 

"Doesn't matter!" He grabbed a handful of Jenny's hair and yanked her up. "This bitch will die like she was supposed to. Like a good little girl!"

"But, Grandfather!" Tears of pain streamed down Jenny's face.

"Jenny, this man may be your grandfather, but he murdered your grandmother AND your mother!"

"No!"

"How did you know about that?" Jessup's eyes went wide.

"My information trail is long and varied." Elunara stepped forward. "DROP HER!"

"Another step and my blade sinks home!" 

Elunara flung her arm out. Jenny's head hit the floor with a loud crack. 

He held up the hunk of hair and blinked. "No matter!" He dove for the window, slipping out a moment before she could grab him. Quickly, she checked to see if Jenny was still breathing, before she dove out of the window after him. 

She met Mathias outside. "Did you see where he went?"

"That way." 

Elunara nodded and took off, Mathias still on her heels. 

"Looks like I'm taking this man with me!" Jessup cried, as he dove out from the shadows. 

"NO!" Elunara launched forward. The poisoned blade sunk all the way through her hand. At once, her healing abilities began to boil the poison. 

Jessup yanked the dagger back. "YOU CAN'T HAVE ME!" He drove the blade into his own neck. 

She stared at her hand. "Well, that sucks." 

"Are... you alright?" Mathias blinked.

"Oh, yeah... I'm peaches..." She swayed on her feet. "Jenny needs a healer..."

"I think YOU need a healer."

"I'm okie dokie." She wobbled. "I'mma take a nap now, k?" She promptly fell over. 

Mathias sat in the healer building, hands to his mouth, as he waited for news on his daughter and the woman who was next to.

"Well, Jenny took a pretty nasty knock to her head, but the rest of the bruises are superficial. She'll be fine."

"And Elunara?" 

"Needs sleep and a good dose of her husbands." Ina shook her head. "The poison has burned out completely, and the hand is healing itself at a rapid pace. She just gets loopy when she burns out an energy store." 

"I've sent for her husbands."

"Then she'll be right as rain." 

Grogek came in. "Where is she?"

Ina jerked her head. "This room." 

Scooping his wife out of the bed, he turned to Mathias. "She would never tell you this herself... But she considers you to be the closest thing to a father she has ever had." 
