 "Darguni!"

He cringed. "Hello, Minuette."

"Where's Bradly?"

"He's off doing his thing." He shrugged. 

"Which is?"

"None of your damned business." He growled. 

"Please don't be angry with me." She clasped her hands together. "I didn't mean to embarrass you."

"You ask too many questions."

"How am I to learn, if I never ask?"

"Ugh, I guess I'm used to everyone else in this city being too afraid of my mother to insult me." 

"I really didn't mean to insult you." She sighed. "Ever since I read your mother's books in the Darnassus library, I've been desperate to know more about her. Every little thing I can learn might help me to become more like her." 

"No one will ever be like her." He jerked his head. "She's doing a demo. Come on." He took off running. 

Minuette caught up with him on a platform overlooking a ring. Elunara was currently fighting a giant orc, using nothing but a staff. 

"Did I miss anything?" Bradly flopped down. 

"Not yet. They've just started."

"Sweet." 

"Grogek is amazing." Minuette whispered.

"That's my dad!" Darguni grinned.

Minuette licked her lips, hoping no one could see her drool. The rippling muscles, that strong body. She'd seen his stats in the books, but to actually see him in action...

"Momma says I'll be a direct copy of him when I get older. I might actually be bigger, given the nature of their bodies."

"And I'll be like my dad." Bradly grinned. 

She didn't hear Bradly; she just started down at the orc boy. She could see it. Well and truly see him being a mirror of his daddy.

Elunara blinked down at the crazy little night elf. "EXCUSE ME?" 

"Please?" 

"Out of the question."

"But, why? YOU get to fuck anyone and everyone who crosses your fancy, why won't you let your husband?"

"It's not a matter of "let", you lunatic. If you have read my work, you know that Grogek is faithful to ME."

"But..."

"Go back and read my fucking books. You obviously didn't learn shit." 

On her own, Minuette paced and fidgeted. She was half mad to have what Grogek had hiding in his pants. 

Elunara was draped across Grogek, while Susan sat on the bed, just watching. Susan reached up and ran her hand along Elunara's hip. "Your skin is always so perfect. Even your scars just add to the beauty." 

Elunara blinked at her. "Thank you."

She jerked her hand back. "Sorry!" She laughed. "I've stared at it a lot more than I would have expected."

"It's ok." Elunara grinned. "You can touch it all you like." She winked.

"As long as I get to watch." Grogek grinned.

Susan went bright red. "Oh, YOU!" She licked her lips. "When is it my turn?" She giggled nervously. 

"Speaking of wanting a turn, my dumbass little protégé wants me to convince Grogek to fuck her."

"Not happening." He laughed. 

"That's what I told the twit."

Susan giggled. "I don't need another night elf to compete with."

Elunara tugged Susan's face to hers. "You never have to compete, my darling." 

She gasped. "I... know..."

Grogek laughed. "No, the competition is between me and Elunara for Susan's affections." He tugged Susan up. "Come here, my little angel, I want to taste you."

Susan stepped over, and sat down on, Grogek's face. He buried his tongue into her. She gasped and grabbed Elunara's hands, linking fingers. 

"That's my girl." Elunara bucked her hips, and slid back down on Grogek's dick. She tugged Susan forward. "Let's try something new." Soft and slow, she pressed her mouth to Susan's, licking and teasing, nipping at Susan's lips, before pressing in. 

Susan gasped and wiggled under the attentions of both, surprised by her enjoyment of Elunara's mouth and hands.

Grogek peeked through and grinned at his two wives making out on top of him. He licked and slurped his way through Susan's slick folds. Running his hands across her soft ass, he rubbed his thumb over that tight hole above him. His fingers felt those throbbing insides, as he pumped his fingers in and out of her front. His tongue travelled upwards and she shivered and flexed. With little circles, he stimulated her hole, before shifting his finger. He pressed against her. She jolted in his grasp. Grinning, he pressed a slick finger into her ass.

"NO!" Susan untangled herself from Elunara. "NO! STOP! PLEASE!" She began to cry.

Grogek dislodged his fingers. "I'm sorry, angel. I didn't mean to hurt you."

Elunara blinked and wrapped her arms around Susan. "What happened?"

Shifting Susan forward, he sat up and wrapped his arms around her. "I'm sorry, my angel, I didn't know." He cuddled her. "I... I put my finger in her ass."

Elunara groaned. "Oh, Gods, Susan, I'm SO sorry, I never spoke to him about it!"

"Elunara!" Grogek gasped. 

"I'm so sorry. She told me on the way home, and with everything going on, it slipped my mind. " 

He shook his head. "Since when do you forget such a thing?"

"Seriously, my world is crazy." She snorted. "But, I honestly thought you'd never even try. You know how small her body is. I didn't think about you using your fingers instead." Elunara ran her hands down Susan's arm. "Sweetie, I'm so sorry I forgot. I know one of Grogek's fingers is the size of a normal man's dick." 

"I guess..." Susan sniffled. "I guess I should have mentioned it myself." 

"I honestly meant to talk to him before he tried it. I'm so, so sorry."

"It's ok." She shivered against Grogek. "With everything else you have to deal with everyday..."

"Elunara doesn't just "forget" this sort of thing." He growled.

"You can grump at me later, Sugarbear. I'm more concerned with Susan's reaction at the moment." She brushed Susan's hair back. "Sweetie, tell me why."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize."

"It's just... I don't want you to think badly of Isaac."

"I need honesty, Sweetie."

"Well, the thing is..." Susan winced. "Isaac really liked doing it. But it always hurt, and most of the time I bled for a day or so afterwards. So we came to the agreement that we would only do it for certain things, like birthday or anniversary. As a result, he looked so forward to it, that I found myself unable to argue." She sighed. "He was always so caring and attentive every OTHER time, I just forgave him for those days." 

"So he ruined it for you." Elunara sighed and cuddled up beside Susan. Grogek wrapped his arms around both of them. "Technically, if you were desperate to try, I could help you retrain the area. However, he damaged you so much, I wouldn't advise it." 

"I'll never try again." Grogek kissed the top of Susan's head. "Forgive me for any hurt I might have caused."

"It's alright. You didn't know." 

Grogek glared at Elunara. "I should have."

"I'm pretty sure I kind of forgot, right around the time I got my body possessed by her dead husband." She snarled back.

"Oh, please don't fight over me." Susan wrapped an arm around Grogek's neck, and her other around Elunara. "It was a simple mistake."

Grogek sighed. "I just don't like hurting you, my little angel." He rubbed his cheek against hers. "It's bad enough that I frightened you."

She giggled. "Are you going to beat yourself up over that for the rest of eternity?"

He pouted. "I did wrong."

"Yes, but it is your sweetheart nature that made me forgive you." 

Elunara wiggled out of the way. "I know where this is going." She winked. 

Susan giggled and blushed. "Oh, you."

Elunara looked around. "I should go find Tulani."

"Hm, yeah, do that." Grogek murmured. He tugged Susan's face to his own, gently brushing his lips across hers. 

With a happy sigh, Susan returned the gentle kiss. "You're a beautiful man, Grogek." She ran her fingers across his cheek. "It's a wonder that someone like you even exists. Stranger still, that you've found me, and kept me."

He wrapped his arms around her. "I'm never letting you go." 

"I'm fine with that." She whispered. 

His hand slid up her back and crushed into her hair as he pulled her into his mouth, devouring her. Her arms went around his neck and she returned the embrace. Once again, his hands began to travel, as he grabbed her hips and lifted her up, sliding those slick folds across the top of his dick. Groaning into her mouth, he pressed her hips down, pushing into those slick, wet folds. 

Arching her back, she gasped. When she was pushed completely on, she shivered and dug her fingers into his chest. Slowly, he began to pump her up and down on his massive erection, while she gasped and moaned at the sensations. He licked her exposed throat and she shivered again. Gently, he scraped the tip of his fang up along the line of her throat. All at once, she bucked against him, shaking all over. Wildly, she clung to him, as he pressed her down on him completely.

"Well, well, well." He chuckled. "Someone enjoyed that." 

"Oh, dear." She whimpered. 

"I found a new spot." He licked her shoulder. "I'll have to play with it some more."

"Preferably after I can feel my body again." She whimpered. 

Cuddling her into his lap, he grinned. "Of course."

Elunara made her way downstairs with growing concern. Opening Tulani's studio door, she sighed. Soft and slow, she laid a hand on Tulani's shoulder. "Wake up, Sweetness."

"Huh?" Tulani blinked. "Oh." She rubbed one eye. "What time is it?"

"Nearly midnight. What were you doing down here?"

"I..." She looked around and blinked. "Was finishing some work?"

"Tulani..."

She winced. "I was trying to give you space, and I guess I fell asleep."

"Why ever would I need space?"

"Well, with Susan and all..."

"Honey, Susan is Grogek's wife. Not mine. I want my wife in our bedroom. Not sleeping down here like a poof."

"Well..."

Elunara pulled a chair over and sat down. "There's an honesty policy in this house for a reason, Tulani. Spill it."

She fidgeted in her chair. "It's just... Susan acts so nervous around me. If I so much as step beside her, she jumps about ten feet in the air. I don't know why either. I've tried to be nice to her, but she acts like I plan to steal her away at any moment." Tulani gave a defeated shrug. "So, I try to keep my distance and let you guys finish before I go to bed. It was kind of ok for that week, but once she was off the period, it became awkward again." 

"Oh, sweetheart, why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't want to be a bother, and it seemed easier to just stay away." 

"That's not how we do things." Elunara brushed Tulani's hair out of her face. "Susan doesn't want to push you out of our room. She's a bit of a ninny, but she's not malicious. Come on, let's go to bed tonight, and in the morning, we'll start working on the relationship."

"But..."

"Sweetness, she's my newest sister. We changed the lineup, and now we have to figure out how we all work together. I think you two can be friends, if we just work on the block in her silly little brain."