 Elunara sat downstairs, watching everyone get ready for their day. Lulu sat on the couch beside her, playing with some toys. 

"Susan? Can I speak with you?"

Grogek eyed Elunara. 

"It's nothing that concerns you." Elunara waved a hand. "I just didn't want her running off to the yard before we could talk." 

After everyone had left, Susan stood in front of Elunara, fidgeting. "What's the matter?"

"Why are you afraid of Tulani?"

She blinked repeatedly. "I... I'm not afraid of Tulani."

Elunara tapped her pencil on her board. "Tulani has been avoiding coming to bed on time, because she thinks you're afraid of her. She says you're jumpy and nervous. I just want to know why so that I can fix it."

"Oh! I'm so sorry she thinks that!" Susan put a hand on her cheek. "It's not that at all. I've been reading your books, slowly but surely, and I've been learning all about her..." She sighed and sat down. "It's just, I'm so paranoid about offending her or upsetting her, that I don't know what to DO with myself when she's around. I swear I never meant to hurt her."

"You've managed to insult her pretty badly." Elunara sighed. "I admit that I was pretty angry with you about it." 

"I feel simply awful." She shook her head. "That's the opposite of what I wanted."

Elunara sat her board down. She pointed at Lulu. "No touchy." Going to the studio door, she stuck her head in. "You busy?"

"Just refining some designs."

Elunara pushed open the door. "We have another doofus."

"What?" Tulani blinked.

"Dinky here; was so worried about offending you, that she became nervous to be around you." 

"But, that's silly." 

"Come on, I think the three of us should spend some time together." 

Susan blushed. "Let me get Tina." 

"Hello!"

Grogek looked down at the small night elf. "Hello."

"So... I don't see the human woman."

"My wife."

"Yes, of... wait she's your wife?" Minuette held up a finger. "But, Elunara is your wife."

"I have two. Just as Elunara has two." 

"Shit." She muttered. Clearing her throat, she smiled up at him. "How fascinating. Well, at this rate, you could use a third... since Elunara has three." She fluttered her lashes.

"Technically, her third is female, so if I plan on matching her, I'd need a male."

"GUH?" She gagged. "You... you wouldn't."

He shook his head. "You're correct on that note." 

Rubbing her cheek on his arm, she fluttered her lashes again. "Of course, a big strong male like you, would be solid straight."

"And faithful to the core." He gave her a bored look. 

"Uh..."

"Don't let the concept of two wives fool you. I have no interest in whatever you're trying to offer." 

"It'll just be the one time!"

"No. Stop touching me." He yanked his arm out of her grasp. "I have shit to do." Marching forward, he yelled at his troops.

Minuette stomped her foot. "Damn it!" 

"What are you on about, short stuff?" Gerald cocked his eyebrow. 

"How do I get Grogek to fuck me?"

Gerald choked. "WHAT?"

"Elune damn it all, I want Grogek to fuck me. Why is that such a difficult request?"

"Because Grogek is dedicated to his wives? Like, seriously, have you MET the man?"

"That doesn't mean shit." She waved her hand. 

"It's your funeral." He snorted. Shaking his head, he left the little night elf to her obsession.

"BRADLY!" Minuette sung out. 

He winced. "Yes?"

"Where's Darguni?"

"I honestly have no idea." 

Darguni was currently sneaking around town, desperate to stay out of Minuette's line of sight. If she asked him one more stupid question, he was going to strangle her. He knew that his momma's way of handling problems was not to run and hide, but damned if he was just exhausted. It was interesting though, seeing the city from a different angle. 

Following the outside wall, he was surprised to come across dirt. Walking around the area, he considered. The wall had been just built straight into the hillside. Climbing the hill, he found a nice, flat, grassy area. Turning around, he gasped. The view from here was amazing. Sitting down, he grinned. No one had this kind of view. Lying back, he smiled at the cloud bank above his head. Talk about peaceful. A little study and he would find out if anyone else came to visit the area. For now, he'd found his hiding place.

Elunara walked in and frowned at Bradly. "What's up?"

"I can't find Darguni." He paced the living room.

"Well, what happened?" Tulani cocked her head to the side.

"Ugh, it's that twit Minuette. She asks four hundred questions." He raked his fingers through his hair. "Originally, she asked both of us continuously about you, momma. Lately, she doesn't ask me anything, but all she wants to know is about Grogek and I got nothing. Darguni's taken to hiding." 

Susan sighed. "She is very obnoxious." 

"You don't know the HALF of it." Bradly groaned. 

"Well, it's not very late. The men aren't even home yet. I'm sure Darguni will be along shortly." Elunara tossed her purchases on the table.

"Forgive me; I have a few things to finish up before bed." Tulani smiled.

Susan took Tulani's hands. "I'm still SO sorry for insulting you."

"It's alright." Tulani kissed Susan's cheek. "There's a reason Elunara has an honesty policy. So we can prevent these little misunderstandings." 

"I'll be in the studio tomorrow." Susan grinned. "Maybe I can have a dress pretty enough to make Misty jealous."

"I guarantee it." Tulani winked.

"See, my love, everything works out." Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "Speaking of, we have the room to ourselves for the moment."

"That we do." Tulani cuddled against Elunara. "Is it possible to make a request?"

"Of course it is." Elunara tugged Tulani's dress back and licked her neck. 

Tulani groaned as she whispered in Elunara's ear. 

"Mm, I like where your mind is." She ran her lips down Tulani's neck and shoulder. She licked gently as she pushed the collar of Tulani's dress back. Working her way down Tulani's body, she pushed the dress to the floor. Standing up, she ran her hands across Tulani's breasts. "You're always so beautiful." 

"You make me beautiful." Tulani gasped. 

"No, my Sweetness. You ARE beautiful." Elunara took Tulani's hands and kissed the back of them, before pressing her body to her wife, and dancing her back to the bed. Gentle and careful, she laid Tulani back on the bed, Tulani's head comfortably on the pillow. Dipping her head down, she gently sucked on a nipple, as her fingers roamed south, slipping through those soft hairs, to the slick folds beneath. 

Elunara shifted her body, climbing over Tulani, putting her legs on either side of Tulani's head, before dipping down again and licking her belly.

Tulani shifted and giggled. "You!" Her fingers found Elunara's ever dripping center and slid through. She buried a pair of fingers in her wife. Tugging Elunara's hips down, Tulani buried her face. 

Elunara groaned, before licking Tulani flat. She worked a finger in, and pumped in and out, working the wetness around the opening. Pressing the second finger in, she began to pump as she licked the edges. Tulani groaned and slurped the delicious juices of the woman she loved. Elunara groaned, as she licked all the sensitive edges.

Susan opened the door and blinked. Her fingernails dug into the doorframe, as she watched the two naked women writhing on top of each other. Her face got hot and her legs wet. Watching, her breathing went short, and she shivered. 

Grogek stepped behind Susan with a grin. He slipped his fingers under the edge of her skirt, and slid his hand down. Gently, he stroked her wet folds. "Someone is enjoying the view." He whispered. 

"Gods, it's giving me ideas." Susan breathed. 

"Oh?" He pressed a finger up in her. 

"Please," she whimpered. "I want to suck on you."

He scooped her up and tossed her in the bed "Can't argue with that." He was undressed in record time, not caring where his gear went. Climbing in bed, he leaned back. "It's all yours."

She crawled over and licked the length of him. "Yes." She mumbled, before slipping her mouth over the tip. 

Grabbing her hips, he tugged her over him, tossing the skirt up and burying a pair of fingers into her hot, wet center. "Beautiful." Removing his finger, he buried his tongue in those folds, filling her tight space with it. 

Elunara looked back and grinned. Her fingers moved faster. 

Grogek shifted and glanced over, giving his other wife a smirk, before returning his tongue to Susan's tight pink folds. 

They worked in unspoken competition to drive their partners wild. Tulani and Susan began to shiver and shake, driven half mad, as they clung to their lovers. They cried out together. 

Grogek chuckled as he gave in to Susan's attention. 

"What's so funny?" Susan gasped. She brushed her hair out of her face. Blushing, she bit her lip. "Oh, I said something embarrassing again."

"I quite enjoyed it." Grogek tugged her around and snuggled her. 

Elunara ran her fingers though Tulani's wetness. "Are you alright, Sweetness?"

"That was... fabulous." She laughed. 

Bradly knocked on the door. Elunara climbed out of Tulani's bed and yanked open the door. "What's the matter, sweetie?"

He stood there fidgeting. "Momma, Darguni never came home."

"What?!" 

Grogek jerked up. "What?" 

Bradly swiped at his nose. "His bed is still made!" 

"Shit!" Elunara and Grogek both went for their clothes. 

Darguni rubbed his eyes and sat up. Blinking around, he frowned. It was pitch back out. Amazed, he stood up. The whole city looked like a thousand sparkling stars. He watched in awe as the lights began to go out. At first slow, but soon, the whole city went dark, and the lone remaining light was the chapel. He stared at that sparkling pillar for a long time. 

Suddenly, it occurred to him how late he must be. Swearing, he climbed down the hill and began to run. He body slammed into what felt like a brick wall. Blinking up, he winced. "Hi, dad."

Grogek reached down and yanked Darguni up. "What the HELL do you think you are doing?" 

"I fell asleep! I'm sorry, I just woke up." He rubbed his head. "I can't believe I fell asleep. Geez, what time is it?"

Grogek released him. "Near midnight."

"How boned am I?" He groaned. 

"Where the hell were you?" 

"I'll show you." He sighed. "But, like... can I keep it if I do?" Looking up into his dad's angry face, he winced. "You'll see why I fell asleep." He led the way. 

Grogek put his hands on his hips and looked around. "Impressive."

"Gods, I've been dodging that stupid Minuette all week. I finally found this place, and it was just such a relief that I laid down and..." He shrugged. 

"You're still in trouble." 

"I guess I would be." 

"But, I don't plan on telling anyone else about this spot." He considered. "Well, your mother should know." 

"Really?" 

Putting his hand on Darguni's head, he smiled. "It's a good spot." 

The following day, Elunara made her way through the training yard. 

"What's up?"

"Hello, Sugar." Elunara brushed her lips across Jordan's. "I'm just recruiting."

"Recruiting for what?" He slid his hands down her ass. 

"I'm getting quite sick of our dumb little elf, so I'm going to complete her damned promise and ship her ass back to Darnassus."

"What promise is that?"

"She wants to recreate a couple of scenes from my darker works. Mainly, she wants me to get her fucked by as many guys as I'm willing to group up for her."

His eyes went wide. "Are you serious?"

"I figure I'd pick among my favorites, and then see how many I have from there." She considered. "I'd like to get Mark, since he's an old pro, but..."

"How IS Jenny?"

Elunara sighed. "Still rather broken. It's two steps forward, three steps back some days. Just when I get her confident in herself, something comes and stabs her in the face. The abused tend to fall back into those old holes when confronted with a new abuser." 

"An accurate assessment." He sighed. 

"We'll fix her... again." She put her hands on her hips. "Meanwhile, I have a gangbang to arrange." 

Minuette sat on the edge of the yard, arms crossed. She watched Grogek like a hawk, and could practically feel his huge dick pounding into her soft pussy. She slipped her hand down the front of her pants, slicking her fingers through the wet folds, and pressing a finger in. She bit her lip as she pumped her finger in and out. Desperate with it, she pushed her pants up her legs, to her knees. She spread her knees out, and pumped her finger in and out, going for a second. She tugged herself wide, trying to get a third in. 

"Oh, lord."

Elunara blinked. "What?"

The soldier pointed.

She looked back and blinked. Rolling her eyes, she kept the sigh to herself. "Yeah, so that's the bitch you'd be fucking."

"I'm in."

Minuette lay back against the grass, pumping her fingers wildly inside. She had given up on the third, and instead went for speed. She was gasping and shivering, as she shook with the force of it.

"EXCUSE ME!"

She jolted. 

"The heck do you think you're doing?" 

Minuette looked up at the human female that Grogek called "wife". "Uh, what does it look like?"

"There are CHILDREN nearby!" 

"I saw none." She popped her head up and looked down, realizing almost all of the yard was looking at her. "Did you have to draw attention to me?" She squeaked.

"It was them STARING that made me realize someone was back here!" 

Minuette yanked up her pants and took off running in embarrassment.