 Minuette hid behind a building and gasped. The heat went to her face, when she realized the truth. She'd wanted Grogek to look, to see her in all her glory... and he was the one person not bothering to even look. She covered her face and sat on the ground. 

Grogek swore gloriously. Not only had that little dumbshit caused a yard wide stop, but some of the men lost their fucking brains. He was covered head to toe in blood. One bled on his shirt, the other on his pants. They were both on double duty as far as he was concerned. Perhaps he'd broach the topic of an elite squad to Varian. He'd been toying with it for months. Perhaps if he trained only the best... he'd be bled on a lot less often.

Hearing the soft swearing, Minuette stuck her head around the corner. Grogek was marching his way home, covered in blood. A plan formed immediately. Using her enhanced speed and small size, she made it to Grogek's house and bolted up the stairs. In the bedroom, she quickly disrobed, tucking her clothes away and sliding under the bed. For anyone else, it would be a tight fit, if she'd been a normal night elf, she wouldn't have fit at all. But for her? It was practically a sign.

Grogek stomped upstairs. He'd have to completely change. He tucked his gear onto the table, and yanked his clothes off, tossing them in the pile. He was grateful to his wives for their domestic bents; because he had no idea how they salvaged his clothes from the constant blood stains. He turned around and blinked. 

Minuette knelt in front of Grogek, running her hands down his massive dick. "So beautiful."

He grabbed her by the ear and yanked her up. "WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?" He roared. 

"Please! If you'd just give me a shot!"

"NO!" He slammed her into the wall. "LEAVE ME ALONE, OR I WILL RIP YOUR FUCKING EARS OFF!" He slammed her again. "AM I CLEAR?"

She coughed. "I... just want..." Gasping, she wrapped her tiny arms around his massive one. "Once." 

Marching out of the room, he threw her over the banister. "STAY!" He slammed the door and locked it while he got dressed. 

Finding Minuette's clothes tucked under Elunara's desk, he snatched them up and marched out. She had draped herself across the couch, the bruises evident on her throat and body. She didn't hide them as well as Elunara, but then again, he'd never treated his wife that way. 

"You know, I'm a virgin... Elunara never was. You could have one..."

"I've never wanted one." He tossed her clothes in her face. "Put those on, and get the FUCK out of my house." 

"Please!" She clasped her hands together. "You can have me! I'll be your slave. Fuck me, please." She crawled over to him. "Use my mouth, use my pussy, use my ass, it's all yours." She ran her hands up his legs. 

He yanked his pants down. "YOU SEE THIS? I'm not even hard, you idiot." 

She licked him. 

With one hand, he slammed her into the floor. "STOP THAT!" He yanked his pants up. "Since you won't get fucking dressed..." Grabbing her ear, he dragged her outside, while she struggled and squealed. "GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" He roared. 

She hit the ground, face first. 

Elunara blinked. "What?"

Grogek slammed the door behind him. "That worthless little BITCH assaulted me in the house, repeatedly. I want her GONE!"

Elunara yanked Minuette to her feet. "I will fulfill my promise to you and then you will leave this city."

"But!"

"Come back here tomorrow afternoon, I've set it up." Elunara caught the clothes from Grogek. "And get dressed. Even I'm not allowed to wander around the city while naked." 

Rather annoyed, Elunara made her way over to Jenny's house. 

Jenny creaked open the door. "Oh. Elunara."

"Let me in, little dove."

"I..."

"Please?" 

Jenny scooted back. "I just..."

Elunara wrapped her arms around Jenny. "I was so scared." She whispered. "I was so scared I'd be too late to not save you again."

"I..." Jenny began to weep as she clung to Elunara. "I'm so sorry!"

"No, don't apologize, little dove. I know. Come on, let's sit down."

Jenny curled up in Elunara's lap. "I just don't understand anything anymore!" 

"It's alright, I forgive you." She whispered. "I'm just glad to have my sister back."

"Sister?"

"Well, yeah. I consider you my sister. Honestly, you've been pretty close to one for awhile, but after a rather baffling conversation with the man I'd consider the closest thing to a father I've ever had..." 

Jenny shuddered. "Did that man really kill my mother?" She whispered.

"Yes. And the woman who would be your grandmother. He was an evil bastard."

"I'm sorry I was so mean to you." 

"We just have more work to do." Elunara kissed the top of Jenny's head. "I hate that he tried to break you again, but we'll just work together to fix it." Flipping Jenny's hair, she sighed. "Let's start by a trip to the salon. I'm sorry I hacked half your hair off." 

"It's alright. You did it to save me... again."

Elunara adjusted the ropes. She had popped the couch into an A frame configuration in order to get Minuette's ass to the appropriate height. She tied the woman's wrists, legs, and ankles to the lower supports. "Comfortable?" 

Minuette wiggled. "I rather like this." 

"Build your own." She yanked the ropes tight. "Can you get out?"

Minuette wiggled, and struggled, and yanked. "Nope."

"Good." Smacking Minuette's ass, she examined her work. Opening the bedroom door, she jerked her head. "Go line up on the wall, in order of number bands." 

The naked men complied with her request, maintaining their silence. 

"Alright, everyone read and agreed to my rules?"

The men nodded. 

"Alright." She put her hand on Minuette head. "Here's how this is going to work, girly. I have found you eight men. You have a right at any point in time to stop the proceedings. I'm pretty fucking pissed off at you right now, so I rather hope you don't. Under normal circumstances, I would not put a virgin in this situation, but you've pulled my hand. In any event, they're going to take their turns with you, following the numbered order I have given them, and following my instructions to the letter. 

Should they piss me off, they'll be ejected from this, and not be invite back to any of my other elaborate set ups. Your safe word is banana peppers." 

"Why such a weird word?" 

"Because it's not a word you'd expect to use in this kind of thing. Stop is too simple, because it could mean anything from "stop that hurts", to "stop, I only want half of your dick", or even "stop and go for my ass". You want something truly bizarre so that the person fucking you goes "wait, what?" It's just logical." 

"Alright."

"This is your last chance to back out."

"No! I want this!" She wiggled and tried to see, but couldn't get the angle. "I don't suppose Grogek is in that pack."

Elunara cracked her hand across Minuette's ass. "No, and stop fucking asking." 

"Ow." Minuette whimpered.

Elunara eyed her selection. "Alright, first of all, if you didn't hear, you should know that the twit here is a virgin. I've already selected the lucky number one to give her a go." 

The men leaned forward and eyed the guy with the number one arm band. 

"Some of you are looking a little less than hard, so I'll do you a favor." Stepping around, she got in position, before stooping down. She ran her fingers through Minuette's already wet folds, before pressing a pair of fingers in. Minuette gasped and struggled against her bonds. When she leaned forward, Elunara stuck out her tongue and slicked it between the folds, pressing in and licking Minuette's insides, while the small night elf gasped. Looking over, Elunara grinned. "I see that helped. Get over here, number one." 

The man walked forward, licking his lips. Adjusting himself, he pressed into the slick folds. His hands on Minuette's hips, he began to thrust himself in and out. He bit his lip to keep from speaking, as Elunara went around the front. Minuette gasped and groaned, as the ropes bit into her wrists.

"Is this what you wanted?" Elunara murmured. She slipped her hand under Minuette's chin and jerked the girl's face up. "Because I have plenty planned for you."

"Give..." She gasped. "Give me!"

"You heard her." Elunara grinned. 

His hand on Minuette's back, number one slammed himself in and out. Slamming against her, he filled the tight space, before yanking out. He snagged a towel from the bucket, and moved back against the wall. Elunara gave a hand signal, and number two repeated the process. When he moved out of the way, number three stepped up. After a short moment, Elunara gave another hand signal, and three shifted up and buried himself into Minuette ass.

She yelped and struggled. "What?!"

"You wanted a recreation of that chapter, did you not?"

"I..."

Elunara leaned down and whispered in Minuette's ear. "Are you calling it quits?"

"N-no! If... if you can take it..."

"Oh honey, you can NEVER take what I can." She jerked her head to number three. 

The man increased his pace, as his fingers dug into Minuette's hips. When he filled her ass, he tugged free, grabbing a towel and heading over. 

"Done yet?" She brushed Minuette's hair out of her face. "We have five left to go, and you never know what I have in store for you, little pain in my ass."

"MORE!" Minuette cried. "PLEASE!"

"You heard the lady." Elunara jerked her head and the fourth stepped up. 

By time they got to the eighth man, Minuette was a twitching puddle of sweat. The ropes dug painfully into her wrists and legs, where the skin was heavily abraded. "Please..." She whimpered. 

"Please what, little toy?"

"Another..."

"You know, I think your problem, is that you just don't know when to quit." Elunara waved eight back and peered down at Minuette's abused pussy. She ran her fingers along the edges and considered. Even when Minuette gasped and wiggled, Elunara continued her relentless inspection. "Personally, I don't think you SHOULD take on the eighth." She slipped her finger into the asshole. 

"AH! But... I..."

Elunara gave a hand sign, and the eighth one stepped around to the front. "Your raw pussy needs the rest. If you want my final man, you'll let him fuck your mouth." 

Minuette opened her mouth. "Please, fuck me." She whimpered. 

The man shrugged and stepped forward, letting Minuette wrap her mouth around him. He held her hair as he began to thrust his hips. He followed Elunara's hand signals and stepped forward again, shoving himself into the smaller night elf's throat. 

Minuette gagged and choked, struggling to take the man in. 

He shook his head at Elunara. She made a motion and he tugged himself back, reducing the effort, but as Minuette struggled, he got a tooth. Yanking himself free completely, he struggled to maintain his silence. 

"No! No! I'll do better!" She gasped. 

"No. I'm calling this done. You just have no concept of when to quit." Elunara put her hand on the man's dick. "You fucking sliced him." Healing the damage, she gestured to the bedroom and sent the men to get dressed. 

"But..."

"Seriously, just fucking give up. You have absolutely NO idea how to say no, or when to quit. You're torn, raw, and just messed up, and you think you should take on more?" Elunara cut the ropes. "You're not going to be ALLOWED to join the SI:7, because you have no concept of limits. You cannot control your emotions, you don't take no for an answer, and you don't know when to cut your losses and go the hell home. You are worthless. I don't even know what to do with you." 

Minuette whimpered. "Everything hurts."

"EXACTLY!" Elunara tossed her hands up. "Seriously, what's wrong with you?" She raked her fingers through her hair. "They thought something was wrong with me, because I had no emotional reaction to these things. You have a high level of emotional reaction and yet you can't freaking stop. You are going to get yourself killed, through sheer stupidity." 

"I can learn..."

"NO you CAN'T!" She shook her head and crossed her arms. "If you COULD learn, then you wouldn't have attacked my husband. Never, never, NEVER take an unwilling partner. EVER! Do you hear me? That's called rape, you dumbshit. Someone tells you no; then you leave them the fuck alone." 

"Yes, ma'am." Minuette whimpered. "I... I want to go home now."

"GOOD!" Elunara took a deep breath. "Go back to Darnassus. Just leave this city and don't return." 

Minuette limped towards the harbor. She still wanted a shot at Grogek, but it just wasn't going to happen. She wanted to cry, and it had nothing to do with physical pain. Spotting the form down the way, she grinned. 

"Hey, Darguni!"

Darguni winced. Looking around, he realized he was without a way to escape. "Hello, Minuette." 

"Didn't you say that you're going to be a physical copy of your dad?"

"Well, yeah. I might actually be bigger."

She wrapped her arms around one of Darguni's. "How old are you again?"

"Uh, thirteen."

"Close to fourteen?" 

"Uh, I guess. Why?"

"Are you spoken for?"

"Spoken?" He closed one eye and peered at her. "What does that even mean?"

"Like... a girlfriend?"

"Ok, NO. Momma's already told us we have to be at least sixteen to consider that thought, and eighteen to consider the... other stuff."

"So... five years?"

"The hell are you going with this?"

She rubbed her cheek on his shoulder. "Perhaps in five years, when you're older..."

"Try ten, sister." He snorted. "Get off me." Putting his hand on her face, he shoved her backwards. "Dear Gods, woman. I'm a kid. You said you're like thirty. That's just creepy."

Minuette wrapped herself around Darguni. "It's not creepy. Your mother is in her sixties, and her husbands are in their thirties."

"You act like I care." He snorted. 

"GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY SON!" Elunara yanked Minuette by her ear. "I said get the fuck out of Stormwind, I did NOT say you could make STOPS!" 

Minuette squalled. "But, I just..."

"GET!" Elunara shoved Minuette. "I see my instinct was correct." Grabbing Minuette by the arm, she dragged her down to the boats. 

"Hello, Elunara."

"Hey, Frank." Elunara shoved Minuette on to the boat. "Make sure she doesn't come back."

"I'll make sure it's posted on the boat."

"Thanks. And don't listen to shit she says. She has no fucking concept of reality." 

He laughed. "I resisted YOU all these years, didn't I?"

"Ouch." She put a hand to her chest. "You wound me deep." 

"I'm sure." He rolled his eyes. 

Elunara made her way back into the city. "Well, Minuette is on the boat out."

"Ugh, praise Elune." Darguni snorted.

"What did she want out of you?" Elunara laid her arm across Darguni's shoulders.

"If I understand her twisted brain, she was hitting on me."

"Oh, lord."

"Wanted to know how long she had to wait..." He shuddered. 

"Well, with any luck, we won't see her dumbass any more. Come on, I'm pissed off. I'm challenging your daddy."

"Sweet." 

At the training yard, she blinked at Jenny. "How are you doing sweetie?" 

"I just wanted to spend time with you, and the sign was up on the house."

"Yeah, I was fulfilling a wish."

"I know how it is." Jenny smiled sadly. "I'm so sorry I accused you of trying to steal my husband." She said quietly. 

"You hurt my heart." Elunara sighed. "But, listen, I need to work off some energy, and then we'll spend time today, okay?"

"Alright." 

Walking to the weapon rack, she yanked up her staff. "Hey Sugarbear, I've shipped your little stalker off on the boats."

He pulled his axe. "Oh, really? How did that go?"

"Fucked her raw and she still wouldn't give the hell up." Elunara snorted. "Then she had the gall to hit on Darguni."

"WHAT?"

"I dragged her ass to the boat myself." She twirled her staff. "Now I have the urge to beat the shit out of someone."

"Oh, so I should let Jordan take you."

"HEY!"

They both chuckled. "Come on, Sugarbear... let's rock it."