 Grogek stood on the edge of the yard and considered. He signaled to Jordan. 

Jordan made his way over. "What's up?"

"I'm thinking of starting an elite squad."

"Really now?"

"Hm. I've been shoving the thought around for months. Some of the men and women are better than others, and I think that basic training just isn't enough." 

"Stormwind already has an elite squad."

"Yeah, and I've recommended a few of them into it, but I want something else. Something a little more structured, a little more to my tastes."

Jordan considered. "I can see it. Those would be the men and women you want as leaders, to eventually take on their own squads." 

"Exactly."

"But what about your son?"

"He would be in it."

"Really?" 

"I have to train him to take over for me, don't I?" He grinned. 

Jordan grinned and whacked Grogek on the shoulder. "I see it." 

Grogek sighed. "I can't wait for that day."

"What about the rest of the yard?"

"There's where I draw up a blank. I imagine that I'd find some of the better officers. I know Mark would be a good one." He tapped his fingers on his arm. "But, I want you."

"Me?"

Grogek nodded. "You already do most of it, you know the routines, you're the best trained... and quite frankly, I rather enjoy having my brother as second in command." He grinned. 

Jordan just blinked. "Wow..."

"Unless you don't want to." 

He rubbed his hand over his mouth. "Well, I didn't say that." 

Grogek shrugged. "Just a thought I've been passing around." 

"Taken it to Elunara?"

"Not yet. Not really her area of things." 

"True." Jordan tapped his foot. "I think it's a brilliant idea." 

Grogek grinned. 

"You'll need to take it up to Wrynn though."

"Wry--" Grogek shook his head. "I've gotten so used to Elunara calling him "Varian", that I forget what everyone else calls him."

"Sometimes I do too." 

Both men looked up at the platform. 

Varian grinned. "Why am I the topic of conversation?"

Grogek put his hands on his hips. "Well, I've been tossing around an idea, but Jordan says I have to clear it with you." 

"And what is that?"

"I want to put together my own elite crew of trainees." He shrugged. 

"Stormwind already has an elite squad."

"Not like I want to put together. I haven't gotten all of the details ready to put together a proposal." 

"Put it together, and bring it to me. We'll discuss it." Varian nodded his head. "Where is Elunara?"

"Still dealing with Jenny."

"Ah." Varian frowned. "I'll catch her another time then." 

"I'll let her know you were looking for her."

"Thank you." Varian nodded his head again, before leaving. 

"I'm not sure I'll ever get used to that." Jordan laughed. 

Grogek made his way up into the Keep, ignoring the urge to look around. 

"Ah, there you are." Varian grinned. "What have you got for me?" 

An hour later, Grogek left with a grin. 

Misty slammed her way into the house. Standing in the living room, she screamed at the top of her lungs. 

Marion, formerly Admiral Marion, ran into the living room in a panic. "My love, whatever is the matter?"

"I CAN'T TAKE IT ANY MORE!" She slammed her stuff down in a nearby chair. "First, that stupid whore returns to Stormwind and takes over. Gingy fucking moves in with Toppa, and NOW that stupid Orc is being allowed to form his own damned training ring!" She stomped back and forth yanking her hair. "On the way home, I find Susan wearing the most AMAZING dress I have EVER seen, and I find out it's by that blasted Tulani!" 

Marion reserved his eye rolls for when Misty's back was turned. "Sweetie..." 

"Don't SWEETIE ME!" She whirled around and jabbed a finger in his chest. "I hate this stupid city!" She slid to the floor and began to wail.

With a sigh, Marion stooped down. "What would you have me do?"

"I don't know." She wiped at her eyes. "I just don't know what to do anymore!"

"Well, I guess this is as good a time as any, to tell you that I've heard from my cousin Murielle."

"What does SHE have to say?" Misty sniffled. 

He tugged her up and pushed her into a chair. "Well, she's living in Dalaran now..."

"That mage city?"

"The same." He nodded. Digging the letters out of the desk, he began to shift through. "She's been raving about the fashions there, and the quality of their wares. She even sent you this snippet..." He held out the square of fabric. 

Misty took the square and rubbed it between her fingers. "It's so soft and pretty."

"Here, you should read the letters she's been sending." Pushing the letters into her hands, he smiled. "Most of it is kind of over my head, but I think... I think it's time we moved. We can hop on the first mage port there and just leave this filthy city behind."

"I..." She flipped through the letters, only focusing on key words. "Let's go." She breathed. 

"Should we bring Gingy?"

"Gingy can have this stupid city. She's actually FRIENDS with that deformed little rat."

"Then we'll pack it all up, and be gone with the first port out." 

"Thank you." She sniffled. "You've always understood me."

Varian whistled to himself as he made his way to bed. Opening the door, he grinned at Elunara. "Why, hello."

"Grogek said you were looking for me." She reclined on the pillows, just watching him.

"I was." He began to store his gear away. "How is Jenny?"

"We're rebuilding her." 

"You'll bring her back." He smiled. 

"Plan on it."

"No board today?" He yanked his shirt off. 

"I'm not in the mood." 

His eyebrow shot up. "Well, then." Leaning forward, he slipped his fingers down the front of her pants, as he pressed his mouth to hers. Licking her lips, his fingers slipped through her folds. "I know something you're in the mood for."

She groaned when his fingers slipped into her. "You know me." She gasped. 

"Mm, I think I want to play with you for awhile." Varian climbed in the bed beside her. 

His fingers returned to those slick folds. Tugging up her shirt, he freed a breast. Licking the nipple, he wrapped his lips around it. She writhed as he sucked on her nipple and slid his fingers in and out, teasing those soft lips and folds. Her hand came up behind his back and slid fingers through his hair. 

Licking his way across, he kissed and licked that nasty scar, before freeing the other breast and sucking. In his mouth, he teased the nipple with his teeth and tongue, earning several gasps. Licking his way back to the scar, he worked his way down, tugging the pants. 

He worked the pants down her hips. Kissing the top of that hairline, he tugged them down to her knees. Putting his knee on the pants, he held her legs down. Once again, he returned his fingers to those slick folds, working them in and out. His mouth went for her hips, dragging his way to those sensitive areas. She clamped down on his fingers and he grinned up at her. 

She gasped. "Ah, you..." 

Yanking the pants off of her, he then freed himself from his own pants. "I do love playing with my Mistress." He purred. 

"Mm, that you do." She lifted her arms. 

He yanked the shirt off. "I'm done with that." 

Sitting up into his space, she grinned. Yanking his pants down, she licked his chin. "Oh, I think you're done with those too."

Shifting around, he dislodged the pants. "That I am." He captured her mouth, and pressed her back into the pillows. When he buried himself into her sopping wet center, he groaned. "Gods, I love you." He whispered, before wrapping himself with her. 

The next day, Grogek stood on the platform, Jordan at his side. The entire yard had stopped what they were doing, and all stood around murmuring and whispering. Elunara sauntered down with Varian at her side. She kissed Grogek's cheek. "Sorry, got involved."

"Of course you did." He snorted. 

Varian grinned. "I gave her back... eventually." He stepped forward. "Today marks a change in how we do things here in Stormwind. Grogek has come to me with a proposal that I rather like, and I am here today to bring reality to a dream he has for taking us in a better direction." Putting his hand on Grogek's shoulder, he smiled. "I'll let the man take over from here." Varian stepped back beside Elunara. 

Grogek stepped forward. "From this day forward, I am putting together my own elite force. From the men and women available to me in the main yard, I will only choose a select few each year for the hardest, most intense training you will ever face. You will have to apply yourself in new ways. 

The only reason I have not pushed you harder, is that I cannot trust you to deal with it. I have seen promise in many of you, and still have not been allowed to push you like I think you should be pushed. This changes now. I will hand pick you, and I will beat you into the best there is. These soldiers will go on to lead our army in my stead. As for the rest of you, you will answer to, second in command to me, my brother Jordan. If he recommends you to me, you MAY be allowed in my regime. 

If you're insane enough, you may attempt to challenge me in the ring for a place." He grinned. "Meanwhile, I will start with the troops I have already selected out. I will decide each year how many new faces I will pick, and once those numbers are filled, you're shit out of luck until next year." He stepped aside and glared down at the soldiers.

Jordan stepped forward. "That being said, I am to take over all other activities that will take place here. You train under me now. Just because I haven't shown myself to be as vicious as Grogek, doesn't mean I'm a pansy ass. Believe me; I've trained under Grogek as well." His grin went feral. "Hell, I've trained under my wife. And we all know how crazy SHE is." He jerked his thumb at Elunara. 

Even Varian couldn't hide his chuckle. 

Darguni and Bradly looked at each other. They scooted their way over to Elunara.

"Momma?" Darguni hissed. "What about us?"

Grogek's attention shifted. "My son will participate in my program." 

Darguni's eyes went wide. "Uh..."

"Unless you're backing out now." He growled.

Darguni's spine shot straight. "No, sir."

Jordan put a hand on Bradly's shoulder. "You're still training under me. Nothing has changed." He turned back to the crowd. "I will have it known that I will be assigning a couple of men to take charge under me. I've already decided that Mark will be MY second in command." 

Mark nearly choked. "What?" 

Jordan laughed. "You got promoted." 

Varian stepped forward. "It appears my troops are well in hand." He smiled and nodded. "Keep up the good work." He turned and left. Elunara followed behind him. 

Grogek watched them leave, before turning to the yard. "My picks are as follows..."

Elunara grinned. "This should be fun to watch."

"That it should." Varian eyed her. "Why are you following me, instead of documenting the procession?" 

"Because I left something in your room."

"You? Forgot something?"

"I never said I forgot it." She winked. 

"Oh?" He grinned. His hand slid across the small of her back. "And what is it?" He nodded to the guards as they made their way up into the keep.

"Just a little surprise I've been working on." They made their way back into Varian's bedroom. "I was going to give it to you this morning, but you and your roaming fingers distracted me." 

"Hm."

She bent down and stuck her arm under the bed. Varian tugged the edge of her pants down and slipped his fingers in. She gasped; hand on the package she'd hidden. Tugging it out, she gave him a look. "You... are a bad man." 

"It's only my fingers." He gave her an innocent look, as he pumped his fingers into her. 

Tossing the package on the bed, she laid across the bed. "Oh, just have at it already." She gasped. 

With a chuckle, he tugged her pants down. "Gladly." Tugging himself free of his pants, he slipped into her waiting wetness. "I can't get enough of you." He groaned. Gripping her hips, he began to slam in and out of her. When she clamped down, he filled her. 

She propped up on her elbow. "Out of your system yet?"

He laughed as he readjusted himself. "Never." 

"I'm going to make you put a box of towels in here, damn it." 

"Well, that usually comes out in the bed." He chuckled. "I think the maids who handle this stuff swear at me enough."

"Don't care. I half live here; I'll adjust the room to my needs." She held up the package. "Here." 

Grinning at her, he yanked the paper off. He stared at himself in a reclining nude portrait. "Oh, wow." He ran his hand over the glass. "This is amazing! Thank you." 

She grinned at him. "I wasn't sure if you'd put it up or not." 

"I see no problem with it staying in here." Wrapping an arm around her waist, he brushed his lips against hers.

"Only the best for what's mine." She winked. Running her finger on his lip, she grinned. "Now, if you don't mind... I should do some sketches of the new set up."

"Of course." He buried his face in her neck. "Is it too much to ask for you to come back tonight?"

"I'll see how it goes." 

"That's all I can ask."