 Making her way back to the yard, she sat with her board and began to quick sketch the reorganization of troops. The blindsided looks on her children's faces amused her the most.

Lydia sat down beside her. "What's going on?"

"Grogek is putting together an elite force, and Jordan is taking over training of the rest of the yard."

"What about Darguni?"

"He's in that elite force."

"But... he's only thirteen."

"Fourteen next month." Elunara grinned. "And yet, he'll be one of the best." 

"I guess..." Lydia considered. "Will you take over the juniors?" 

"No."

"Will you train me?"

"Have you joined Jordan's training?"

"But he's..."

"Head trainer. That doesn't mean he won't train you. In fact, I'll make sure he still specially trains you."

"But I want you to..."

"Sweetie, I don't have enough hours in the day. The only way you can even keep up with my weekly, or monthly sessions, is if you join the yard. You need daily training." 

"But..." Lydia fidgeted. "Sometimes my legs still bother me." She frowned. "I didn't want to tell you, because you worked so hard... but lately, they get really sore."

"Then tell me, doll. I can massage your legs. I also think that some of that is because you sit around and wait on me to train you. I'll get Jordan to make special exceptions for you, but if you don't put in the effort, I can't help you." She flagged Jordan down. 

"Yeah, baby?"

"Lydia brings up a point. Who's dealing with the Juniors?"

Jordan considered. "I hadn't thought that far." 

"Get Jerry and Louis. They'll be a perfect tag team for it." 

He nodded. "Good idea." 

Elunara quick sketched the shocked expressions on both men's faces. 

"Elunara?"

She looked back at Lucy and Kaileen. "Hello, sugar dolls, come have a seat." 

Kaileen bounced over and sat on the platform. "We've come to ask you for a really BIG favor." Kaileen giggled.

Lucy stepped in behind Kaileen and grinned down at Elunara. "I've asked her to marry me." 

"Sweet."

Kaileen wrapped her arms around one of Elunara's. "Can you ask the King if we could get married in the Keep?" She giggled. "We've seen how he is with you. We thought..."

"Sure." Elunara grinned. "Got a wedding planner?" 

"Not yet." 

"I'll see what I can do." 

The next day, Elunara wandered up to the Keep. When Varian had a moment, she sauntered over. 

He ran his hand across her hip. "How goes the reorganization?"

"Smooth as butter. I came up to ask a minor favor." 

"Anything." He grinned.

"Pfft, you may regret that statement one day. Anyhow, you remember Lucy?"

"The leather worker."

"And Kaileen, Jerry's mom?"

"The one who turned out to be hiding her true self?"

"The same. They're getting married, and asked if they could have the ceremony here."

"I see no problem with that." 

"I see no reason to bug Ina for help, so if you could send a wedding planner at them, I'd be grateful.'

Varian waved a hand. "Ask Toppa. He handles ceremonies and things."

A few days later, Elunara blinked at Varian on her porch. "Hey, lover."

He held out a pair of envelopes. "I decided to drop these off, personally." 

"Oh, really?" She grinned. Her eyes flicked down. The first was an invitation to the wedding. The other... she stared at it. "A ball?"

"I spent a fair amount of time having my brain swamped by details for the wedding. Why they ask me to approve all of this junk when it's not even my wedding..." He shook his head. "In any event, it brought to mind that night in Draenor when we were all partying to the morning hours, and I thought of you..." He touched his forehead to hers. "In that dress..." Pulling back, he grinned. "Three months should give Tulani ample time to make you something fantastic." He winked.

She tapped the envelopes on his breastplate. "You are a naughty boy." 

"Are you turning me down?" He gave her a wicked grin. 

"Not bloody likely."

"Oh, I'm sending out invites to the faction leaders, should they decide to show. It's going to be a royal mess." He laughed and ran his hand over his hair. 

"Cute pun. I'll tell Tulani to design me something brain shattering."

He wrapped his hands around her waist. "I eagerly await the night." Brushing his lips against hers, he happily sighed. "Your entire family is invited, of course." 

"We'll be there." She winked. 

Tulani stared at the invitation. "Oh, dear me. Three months? I'm going to be SWAMPED."

Elunara laughed. "Well, see if Eloise has some friends..."

"I'm going to have to. Well, I can get Gingy to help with some of it as well."

"How is that working out?" 

"She's very eager. Her stitches get stronger by the day, but her hyper side can be a hindrance. I think she'll make a fine seamstress one day. May never be the best, but she's coming along. Once she was out of her mother's shadow, she blossomed as a person. She can be rather sweet, but her self-entitlement gives me a headache occasionally." 

Elunara shrugged. "Makes sense." 

"Well, it's a good thing I've been working on more ceremonial vestments for Grogek. I've designed and pieced together something similar for Darguni, as well as the work I already have for Jordan and Bradly."

"Why?"

"I figured they'd be due promotions any time now. With the restructuring of the training yard, it just seemed like a good idea to do. Then I have a couple of things in the works for Susan and Zelinnia..." Tulani tapped her foot as she scribbled across her own boards. "Knowing you, I'll have to design something spectacular, AND a new set of fancy lingerie too." Tulani winked. "As if King Wrynn would throw this ball and not expect you to grace his bed for the night."

"Damn, you're on to him." Elunara giggled. 

Kaileen bounced around Elunara on the platform. "This is going to be the best ever!" 

"Ok, you're starting to shake the boards I'm sitting on. Stop it."

"Oh, it's so fabulous!" Kaileen flung herself on to Elunara.

Elunara swore as her pencil shot across the page. "Kaileen!"

"Oh! You're the best ever! You helped, and helped, and STILL helped me fulfill a childhood dream!"

"JERRY! DISLODGE YOUR MOTHER!" Elunara flailed her arms. 

"Momma." Jerry groaned. "Please let her go." 

"I'm just so EXCITED!"

"Momma, you don't want Elunara scarring up your face before you can get married." 

"She wouldn't do THAT!"

Elunara flexed her hand, summoning her dagger. "Watch me!" She growled. 

Kaileen yelped and scrambled back. "Forgive me!" She threw herself on Jerry. "And my boy! A promotion! Your own position! It's fabulous!" 

Jerry chuckled. "Yeah, Elunara..." Kaileen tried to fling herself on Elunara again, but Jerry wrapped an arm around her waist. "Nuh, uh, Momma. I'm not stupid enough to piss her off. She recommended Louis and me. Can't have her deciding we were a poor choice because I can't keep you out of her hair." 

"I can't even IMAGINE what you had to do to get King Wrynn to let us get married in the keep." Kaileen giggled wildly. 

"Actually, Varian understands that I don't actually consider my body to be currency." She shrugged. "We have a special relationship, and he does things to please me, not because he expects sexual favors." Shaking the bracelet, she grinned. "This isn't even because of our sexual relationship. He genuinely loves me." 

"That's so sweet." Kaileen gave a happy sigh. "Will you ever get married?"

"No." Elunara fiddled with the bracelet. "It's not in our future." She sighed. 

"I'm so sorry." 

"It is what it is." Elunara shrugged and went back to her board. 

Varian turned and left, without them knowing he was there.

Elunara stood beside Varian, as he stood in the front of the procession, next to the priest. In a strange move, both women had wanted Elunara as their maid of honor, and since no one knew what else to do, Elunara took position as highest ranking member. 

Once the vows were said, Varian stepped forward. "I now bless this union, as the King of Stormwind. May you find eternal happiness together."

Elunara stepped forward and spread her hands. Channeling her glow into her hands, she tossed the shimmering light over the pair. "I bring my blessings and my will. May your happiness continue to blossom within the Will of the Goddess." Once they were coated, she grinned. "Now, go boink each other's brains out." She winked.

Varian slapped a hand to his face. "Of course you would." He muttered.

The two women turned and ran down the aisle, hand in hand. 

"As for the rest of us, let's party!" Elunara tossed her hands up.

Later, after everyone had been cleared out of the Keep, Elunara laughed as Varian closed the door. "You really think I wouldn't make a comment like that?"

"Oh, no. I was fully expecting it." He chuckled. 

She held up her hair. "Unzip me, will ya?"

Sliding his hands across her hips, he pressed his body against her back. She dropped her hair, as he wrapped his arms around her belly. Putting her hands on his arms, she closed her eyes and leaned back. He rocked her softly, swaying to unheard music. 

"Something wrong?" She whispered.

"I just wanted to hold you a moment." He kissed her shoulder. 

"I'm alright with that." 

The next day, she tucked the dress into her closet and considered. Making her way downstairs, she popped her head into Tulani's studio. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Hm?" Tulani looked up from her board. 

"Why do I have like fifty dresses and I've only worn like ten of them?"

Gingy gasped in horror and dropped her sewing. Elunara rolled her eyes.

"Forgive me." Tulani giggled. "I get an idea for a fabulous dress for you and I just started making them and putting them in there on the off chance you will wear one."

"Makes sense. But, if I probably won't get around to wearing one, wouldn't it be more logical to scrap it for parts and make something else?"

Gingy turned several interesting shades while she gagged. 

"Gingy..." Elunara sighed. "Some people don't actually give a damn about clothes." 

As the girl hit the floor, Tulani sighed. "Now you've done it." 

"That child has strange priorities." Elunara shook her head. 

"You know how she was raised." Tulani shrugged. 

"I feel compelled to ask..." Elunara grinned. "Are you raising her now?"

"I practically am." Tulani sighed and tugged the girl into her lap. "Her parents have left the city, taking everything they own, and leaving her with her uncle Toppa." 

"Shit." 

"I'm not sure Susan even knows about it." She sighed and ran her fingers over the girl's hair. "Gingy only told me yesterday... she went over, because she'd left some object or another, and discovered the place empty." 

"The fuck?"

"They're just gone." Gingy whimpered. "It was empty... just gone." 

"I'm so sorry, sweetie." Tulani sighed. 

Gingy curled up in Tulani's lap. "I know Momma hates me, but why would Papa just abandon me?" 

"I don't know." Tulani brushed her hand over Gingy's hair. "It doesn't matter anymore, sweetie. What you need to do now, is figure out what you want." 

"But, I know what I want." Gingy sniffled. "I like living with uncle Toppa. I like sewing. I want to stay here." She said quietly. "With you." 

"Then that's what you'll do." Tulani hugged the girl. "Come now," She picked up the sewing and put it in Gingy's hands. "We have much to do before the ball." 

"Yes, of course..." Gingy frowned. "But... Uncle Toppa isn't going. He never attends these kinds of things. I thought I could go with Momma..." Fresh tears streamed down her face.

"Then you're going as my guest." Tulani smiled. "You'll go with me."

"Really?" Gingy sniffled.

"I'll borrow a line from my wife... You're mine now." Tulani kissed Gingy's forehead. "Now, you have work to do." Tulani tapped the fabric in Gingy's hand. 

"Yes, of course." Gingy found the needle and began to focus on the work in her hands. 

Tulani and Elunara scooted out of the room. Tulani closed the door quietly. "Oh, I'm SO angry with that BITCH!" 

Elunara blinked. "That you are." She ran her hands down Tulani's arms. 

"I could scream." Tulani crossed her arms. "Can you please tell Susan? I just can't do it."

"No, that's fine. I'll handle her." Elunara brushed her lips against Tulani's. "Of course, now you have a daughter." She winked.

Tulani froze. Wide eyed, she stared at Elunara. "Well, then." 

Elunara made her way down to the training yard. "Suzy Q, I need you."

"What's the matter?"

She climbed up to the platform. "Apparently, Misty and her husband have moved."

"Oh, thank the Gods." Susan sighed. 

"They disappeared, taking their belongings with them, and leaving Gingy behind without a word."

"WHAT?" Susan gasped. 

"Yeah. She's living with Toppa, and working with Tulani. Tulani is taking over the care of the girl, for the most part, anyway." 

"Oh, that poor child." Susan sighed. 

"Does that mean Gingy moves in with us, Momma?" Tina bounced.

"Gingy likes living with her uncle." Elunara shrugged. 

"Oh." 

"Speaking of... Tina, Tulani needs you for a fitting, come on."

"Can I momma?" 

"Of course."

"I may not be Grogek..." Elunara grabbed Tina up and put the child on her shoulders. "But, I can still do this." 

Tina giggled. "Can I hold your ears?"

"No, they hurt when you do that."

"Okie..." 

Susan sighed. "Now, that is cute." 

"That it is." Grogek grinned up at her.