 Elunara twirled the gorgeous dress. "Look at this thing." She eyed herself in the mirror and put her hands on her hips. "Like, damn." 

Tulani giggled. "Yes, you're quite delicious."

"Varian is either going to swear or praise you." 

Grogek chuckled. "I'm rather jealous."

"I'll let you peel it off of me another day." Elunara winked.

"I think we're ALL going to take turns peeling THAT one off of you." Jordan winked. 

"Alright, alright," Elunara laughed. "The girls have some makeup artists waiting downstairs to attack us. You two need to make sure the boys get their outfits on appropriately." 

"Of course." Grogek grinned. 

Tulani opened the door and blinked down at the arms around her waist. "Gingy?"

"Help meee! Uncle Toppa has NO IDEA how to fix my hair!" Gingy wailed, clinging to Tulani.

"Come on, girly, get in a chair." Elunara jerked her thumb. 

The family made their way up to the keep.

"Oh, I'm so glad he's letting the little children go for the first half." Susan sighed. "I get to see my Tina dressed up so pretty." 

"And all babysitters after, are vetted by the SI:7." Elunara grinned. "I handpicked half of them, and Mathias handpicked the other half."

"Oh, Elunara, you forgot your purse!" Tulani put a hand to her cheek.

"What was the point of the thing?" She shook her head. "It was empty, and didn't even have a strap. I didn't want to carry the useless thing all damned night."

"It was part of the look." Tulani put her fist on her hip. 

Zelinnia laughed. "As if Elunara cares about that."

"Oh, aren't you just pretty?" Elunara wrapped an arm around Zelinnia's waist. "And look at my niece and nephew!" She gasped.

"Look, Aunt Elunara! I got hair jewelry!" Abigail twirled.

"Where's Lulu?" 

"With William." Chrissy made her way forward. "My mother is great with children." 

Nara fidgeted. "I don't like this outfit." 

"It matches mine." Bradly grinned. 

Nara eyed him. "Thas ok, I guess."

"Come on, I want to show off my wife." Gerald grinned. "Isn't she gorgeous?" 

"Fabulous." Elunara traced Chrissy's hip with her finger. "I might steal her away for a little while." 

Gerald slid in between. "Not on your life. I'd never get her back!" 

Chrissy cackled. "Oh, come on." 

Varian watched the door like a hawk. Sure, he walked through the crowd, mingled, and chit chatted, but he had only one thing on his mind. His guests all believed that his attention was riveted on whatever they were on about... but he waited, rather impatiently, for the reason for this mess. 

When she walked in the room, all stopped. It wasn't just him that stopped either. Everyone turned to look. She was walking in front of a crowd, laughing about one thing or another. She turned her head and laughed, pushing someone away, as she rolled her eyes. The dress was breathtaking, her hair glittered under the light, and she practically glowed with energy. Many stopped to talk, but he didn't see any of them. 

Gesturing to the band, he headed towards her. Spotting him, her face lit up. "May I have this dance?" He smiled. 

"Of course." She grinned, as she held out her hand. 

Taking her hand, he kissed the back of it, before tugging her to the center of the room. The band changed their tone, and the crowd spread out. All eyes were on the couple in the center. He wrapped his hand around her waist, and held her other aloft, as they moved and swayed to the music. 

"You're so beautiful." He murmured.

"Why, thank you." She grinned. "I think I look rather fabulous." 

"I plan on dancing with you all night."

"Mm, so long as everyone gets a turn." She winked.

"Of course." He grinned. "I can't have them annoyed with me, now can I?"

"I do prefer when you all get along." 

"Elunara?"

"Yes, Varian, my love?"

"Nothing." He murmured. The song came to an end, and he brushed his knuckle under her chin, tugging her face close, as he pressed his lips to hers. 

With a happy sigh, she pressed the kiss in. When he broke away, she smiled brilliantly at him. "I do love you." 

"I'm glad." He whispered. 

Jennifer grabbed Stephanie by the arm and shook her. "DID YOU SEE THAT?" She hissed. 

"Yeah, and half of the kingdom did too." Stephanie rubbed her sore arm. 

Grogek tapped a finger to Varian's shoulder. "I believe I am next."

"Yes, of course." Varian laughed. He gave a half bow, and stepped back. 

Grogek took Elunara's hand and together they began to dance. 

Varian stepped back for a moment, and just watched her move. After the music changed, Jordan stepped in. Varian returned to his duties as King, while watching Elunara dance with one partner after another 

Elunara twirled her way over to the table, and began to chug the punch. 

"Having fun?"

"Oh, this is fabulous. Not to mention a feeding frenzy." She giggled. Leaning over, she stuck her lips to his ear. "I'm not sure you've ever had me while I was on an overload..."

"No, no I haven't." He grinned. 

She brushed her fingers over his cheek. "You seem a little off, my darling. What weighs so heavily on your mind?"

"You." 

"I haven't upset you, have I?" 

"No, not at all."

"You seemed to have been trying to tell me something earlier..."

"Please don't worry." He smiled at her. "Though it does something to me; to know that you DO worry for me."

"You are mine." Closing her eyes, she leaned against him. "You will always be mine." She whispered. 

He grabbed her hand and pulled her completely against him. "Dance with me." 

"Of course." She giggled, as he tugged her to the center of the room. 

The pace was fast, the dancing lively. He twirled her, swayed, and danced with her, eyes only for her. The rest of the room watched in fascinated amazement as the pair seemed to move as one complete unit. 

Grogek and Jordan watched with interest. "Now this is curious." Grogek licked his teeth. 

"They're all over each other." Jordan grinned. 

"Nothing new for Elunara..."

"But, King Wrynn?" Jordan shook his head. 

"While he's never been particularly successful at hiding this affair..."

"He's never been this blatant." 

"Indeed." 

"Five gold says he threw this ball just for her."

Both men turned and stared at Tulani. "Well then." Grogek grinned.

Elunara giggled like a maniac. "Oh, I'm starting to get dizzy." 

"Too much spinning?"

"Too much admiration." Elunara cackled. "You know..." She ran her hand down his chest. "I never got a chance to tell you how absolutely fabulous you look tonight." 

"Why, thank you." He tugged her against him. "It's not often that I get a chance to wear this kind of regalia." 

"I imagine not." She considered. "Which is too bad, because this... adds something."

He buried his face in her shoulder. "Then I shall find another reason to wear it." 

"When all else fails, there's always the role playing capabilities." 

"True." He mumbled. 

"Hold on, Sugar love, my family is making weird gestures at me."

Releasing her from his grasp, he laughed. "Alright." After watching her walk over, he turned and headed to his room. 

Giggling, she bounced over and kissed Grogek on the cheek. "Yeees?"

"Are you alright?" Jordan laughed.

"I think I'm ener-drunk." She giggled, and kissed his cheek. "I like that word. I'm ener-drunk."

"Oh, dear." Tulani sighed.

Susan giggled. "She's kind of funny."

"Wait 'til she REALLY gets drunk." Gerald snorted. "Elunara plastered, is the funniest thing ever." 

"So whatcha need?" 

"Is Varian acting a little strange to you?" Jordan shrugged. 

"You mean the public groping?" Elunara snorted. "Yeah, well, I like him like this. Though, he's been acting a little off all night. Not sure why." She tapped a finger to her cheek. "Oh, the well." She shook her head. "Geebus." She grabbed her head. "I need to turn on the filters. I wasn't expecting this kind of overload." 

"Elunara?" 

She turned. "Yes, Sugarlove?" 

"Are you alright? You're... swaying."

"Of course." She sighed. "I came in here without any filters, and so I've just been absorbing every little twitch." Giggling, she twirled over to Varian. "I am going to have SO much fun with you tonight." She purred. 

"Is that so?"

"Mm, I plan on burning this off on you." She cuddled up against him. 

"Would another dance be too much?"

"Pfft, no. Dancing is burning some of the energy, keeping me at least a smidgen sober."

"Then dance with me." He grabbed her hand and twirled her. 

Tyrande watched the pair with amusement, as she made her way over to the rest of the family. "Varian is taking all of Elunara's time tonight." 

"Yeah, we've noticed." Jordan laughed. "It's not bad though, we're all enjoying ourselves."

"I guess Varian is just making this little... affair... public knowledge." Tyrande sighed. "I wonder if that's wise." 

"Well, given the fact that people from all major cities were invited..."

"A shame Moira couldn't make it. Seeing Elunara like this might make her more likable." 

"Elunara makes her own like." 

"This is true." Tyrande tapped her cheek. "I guess I should find Malfurion and see--"

The music stopped completely. Above the center of the dance floor, the light shown down in focus. Elunara twirled around and laughed. "Did you forget to pay the musician?" She stopped dead still and her skirts swished around her legs. 

Varian knelt on one knee, holding up a small box. Wedged into the soft fabric, was a silvery ring, with elaborate filigree around a large purple stone. "Elunara, will you do me the honor, of marrying me?"

She blinked at him. "But, you said..."

"Things change." He said quietly. "Please?" 

Jordan and Grogek each handed Tulani five gold. She tucked it into her "useless" purse.

"Of course I will." Elunara laughed. "Please, I don't like when people kneel to me." 

Standing up, he grinned at her. As he slid the ring on to her finger, he laid his forehead against hers. "Thank you."

"You are mine." She wrapped her arms around his neck. "Always." She brushed her lips against his, and he tugged her in deeper. 

Varian gestured at the band, which picked up the music again. He began to dance with her, soft and slow. "I should tell you the truth."

"Hm?" She laid her head on his shoulder. 

"I heard you speaking to Kaileen, and when she asked you if we would ever marry... I heard the disappointment in your voice."

"Oh, Varian..." 

"That was when I realized just how disappointed I was that we couldn't. And it occurred to me, that the only reason we couldn't... was me." 

"Wait, did you just use an elaborate set up against me?" She jerked her head back. 

He chuckled and blushed. "Maybe?"

"Damn you." Laughing, she brushed her lips against his. "I'm the elaborate set up artist. You won't be stealing that one from me." 

"I didn't steal." He said in a haughty voice. "I merely borrowed the concept." 

Once the music changed, she tugged him over to the family. 

"I probably should have asked them first, huh?" Varian rubbed a hand over his hair.

"MOMMA!" Bradly and Darguni gasped at the same time. 

"Does this mean we're moving into the Keep?" Bradly eyed the king with interest.

Elunara blinked. "That..." She went blank for a moment. Shaking her head, she laughed. "No. That would never work."

Varian winced. "Yeah, I should have thought this thing out... given the fact I've been thinking about it for months..." He sighed. 

"ARE YOU INSANE?" 

Everyone turned to look at Anduin. 

"You didn't tell your own son?" Elunara blinked. "Where in the world has your brain been?"

"My pants." Varian mumbled. 

"So, now I'm curious... what part DID you work out?"

"You in a wedding dress." 

"THIS IS COMPLETELY ABSURD!!" Anduin gestured wildly. "She's already married; you can't just do it AGAIN!"

"Nothing really changes." Elunara shrugged. "If you take the time to think about it, not one damned thing will change. The only differences... would be the fact I'll be wearing two pieces from Varian, and now the whole damned kingdom knows about our relationship. Even if we decided it was a bad idea, nothing would change."

"Marriage is supposed to be a SACRED RIGHT between TWO people. You've already got four, or five, or however you've managed to work this atrocity out!"

"Your father is a king; he can do whatever he damned well feels like." 

"And that's another thing!" Anduin raked his fingers through his hair. "Doing this will undermine the relationships you have with the other faction leaders!"

"Well, it certainly doesn't hurt his relationship with Darnassus." Tyrande tried to maintain her polite air. "Then again, my friend would become my son in law." She shrugged. 

"It's just not DECENT!"

"Decent, would be waiting until tomorrow to have this discussion in PRIVATE, and not yelling about it at a ball filled with people from all over Azeroth. BACK OFF." Elunara glared. "You're just humiliating yourself."

Anduin looked around. His face went red and he turned and marched away, leaving the area completely.

Varian rubbed his neck. "I may have made a few missteps."

"In your long and illustrious career, it was bound to happen." Elunara sighed and wrapped her arm around Varian's waist.

"Well, it's certainly a lot to take in."

Elunara grinned at Mathias. "I know, right?" 

"Does that make you Queen?" Bradly gasped.

"Queen seems a step down from Goddess..." Varian laughed. 

Elunara elbowed him. "ANYWAY, I think we should all enjoy this elaborate party, and deal with the details tomorrow. Shall we?" She winked. 

Giggling, they half ran to Varian's bedroom. The party wasn't quite cleared out, but neither one cared. He locked the door behind her and captured her mouth with his own, his hands running down her body. 

"How do I remove this silly thing?" He murmured against her mouth. 

"Slowly." She purred. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she devoured his mouth. "Better not rip it, I fear Tulani's wrath." She giggled. 

"Ugh, fine." He laughingly sighed. Running his fingers under the edges, he worked his way behind her. Slipping the front of the dress down, he freed her breasts for his fingers to play with. Shifting his hands up, he blinked down at the lace. "What in the...?"

She giggled and turned around. "One of Tulani's little surprises. Hold on..." She wiggled her way out of the dress and tucked it safely in the closet. Turning, she posed. 

Licking his lips, he moved over to her. "That is impressive." 

"There's some irony in the white lace." Elunara winked. Running her hands over his chest, she purred at him. "The panties are crotchless." 

"Is that so...?" He ran his hands down the lace on her sides. "Let's see how much trouble we can get into..." 

Afterwards, Elunara climbed on top of Varian. "I have to wonder why you're doing this. You had to know that nothing could really change. I can't leave my family, and they can't all live here... You certainly can't move in with us." 

He chuckled and ran his hands over her bare hips. "I know. I've actually thought all of this through. I'll admit... I couldn't have imagined how Anduin would react..." He shrugged.

"Wait, what?"

"See, the thing is... things DID change. They're just all subtle. I'm not trying to change the big things." He reached up and rubbed her cheek. "I want you as my wife, because it's just another one of my silly titles. There are so many things I want to bring you in on, and I just can't as of now. But, with you as my wife..." He shrugged. "Anyway, I desperately want you in a wedding dress, that much is true. But I also want everyone to know what you mean to me. While you won't stand at my side as queen, you'll certainly stand at my side as my wife, and not just some hidden fancy as my Mistress. I want it official."

"Oh, Varian." Slowly, she bent down, pressing her mouth against his. 

He sighed against her kiss. "As I said, I spent months planning this out. I wanted to tell you sooner, but I would only be satisfied with the grandest gesture I could put together." He winked. "How can I surprise you, if you already know?" 

Laughing, she rocked back. "Oh, you're terrible!"

"I'll admit, I had to act a little bungling, because I didn't want everyone ELSE to know something was up." He grinned. "I wonder if Jordan and Grogek will ever call me brother?"

"It took quite awhile for them to call each other brother, and they've fucked me together more than a few times. It could be awhile."

"Ah, well." He shrugged. "Now I can pretend this was all a ploy to get in good with Tyrande."

"Uh, huh. Sure."

"No, nothing major changed, and that's the beauty of the whole thing. Everything that has or will change is subtle."

"Damn your elaborate set up." She winked.

"I learned from the best." Rolling over, he took her with him. "Now, if you don't mind... I plan on making love to my future wife, until she begs for mercy." He grinned down at her.

"I do not seek mercy." She purred. 

"Good, I didn't plan to give any." He buried himself into her and took possession of her mouth.

In the morning, she snuggled under him. "What are you going to do with your son?" 

"I'm still trying to figure that one out." He sighed. "I can't just explain my set up and hope he's fine." 

"We'll figure it out together." She grinned. "That's the first step to being married."

"Well, you ARE an old pro at it." He winked.

"Damned straight."