 Elunara practically bounced all the way down to the training yard. 

"Well, I didn't expect to see YOU today!" Grogek laughed. 

"Should we call you "Queen" now?" Jordan snorted.

"Hey, Queen is a bit of a step down, isn't it?" She winked. Grabbing Grogek by a fang, she assaulted his mouth. Turning, she repeated the process with Jordan. "I have SO much to tell you guys later." 

"Oh, really?" Jordan ran his hands down her hips. 

"I regret to inform you both, that I'm going to be so damned busy for the next few weeks." She raked her fingers through her hair. "I'm also still riding out the overload. Ohhh, I want my Lulu..." 

"Susan has her at the house right now."

"Right, of course." Elunara shook her head.

"Are you alright?" Grogek brushed her hair back. 

"I need to burn some of this off, it's frying my brain." 

"Fight?" 

"Yes!" She winced. "Ugh, thinking is near impossible at the moment." Strolling out, she snagged her staff. "Work me, both of you."

"With pleasure, my wolf queen!" Grogek laughed. 

Afterward, Elunara sat on the edge of the platform and laughed. "Much better." She wiggled her feet. "I'm calling a family meeting tonight, I have much to say."

"Of course." Grogek nodded. 

"First you're named future successor to the SI:7 and now you're going to be QUEEN?" Gerald threw up his hands. "I'm starting to think you ARE a succubus!"

"Ugh, we were keeping the SI thing quiet."

'Well, you're not keeping QUEEN quiet!"

"I've already been suffering through "goddess". Queen is old hat." She waved her hand.

"So, yeah. The more things change, the more they stay the same." That night, after she told her family everything, she grinned. 

"Well, it's still really cool." Bradly nodded. 

"Please forgive me; I'm going to be so very busy until this all settles down." She sighed

"It's alright, love." Grogek kissed her temple. "We understand completely."

"Does that make the King my brother in law?" Jordan laughed. 

"You know, you should probably start calling him Varian." 

The next day, Elunara walked with Susan. 

"Do you want me to take Lulu?"

"Nah. I've got her. I don't want to dump her on you, or neglect her because of all of this."

"Oh, it's not like that."

"Believe me; she'll be dumped on you plenty." Elunara winked. 

Susan giggled. "You know, the entire city is beside itself right now."

"My biggest coupe yet." 

"Don't know how you plan on topping this one." Susan winked.

"Oh, I'll think of something." 

"Stephanie!" Susan waved her hand. "How are you to...?" She frowned. "What happened to your arm, dear?"

Stephanie eyed Elunara. "Jennifer. The lunatic almost tore my arm off when King Wrynn proposed."

Elunara ran her hand down the woman's arm. "Geez, that ninny can do serious damage."

Stephanie blinked down at her healed arm. "Um, thank you."

Elunara waved a hand. "We're just on an afternoon walk with the children. You can join us if you want." 

"I'll join..."

Looking back, Elunara smiled. "Hello, Jenny. How are you feeling today?"

"I'm ok." She said quietly. "I..." She flung her arms around Elunara. "Don't leave me!"

"Bwuah?" Elunara pushed her back. "Where am I going?"

"When you become queen..."

"Oh, that." She waved a hand. "It's not like that. I will always be me. I'm not even moving into the castle. It's more like a public declaration than an actual thing. I hope you'll be in the wedding party." Grinning, she brushed Jenny's hair out of her face. "You better get to Tulani for a fitting. Also Tyralu and Grodan need outfits. The whole thing is going to be a mess." Elunara laughed. 

"So, who is your maid of honor?" Susan cocked her head to the side. 

"Tulani and Zelinnia will be sharing the title. You, Jenny, and Chrissy are bridesmaids. After that..." Elunara shrugged. "We have a LOT of details to figure out."

Varian made his way down to the training yard. After a moment, he motioned to Grogek and Jordan. 

"Elunara is out on a walk with Susan." Grogek jerked his head.

"I'm not here for her." He waited until Jordan caught up. "I've come to ask the both of you if you'll be my best men in the wedding." He grinned. 

Jordan's mouth dropped open. 

"I would be deeply honored." Grogek put a fist to his chest and bowed his head. 

"Yes! Of course!" Jordan gasped. 

"I'll admit that I'm letting Elunara choose the rest of the mess," Varian waved a hand. "But I want you two to be in the highest place of honor." 

"Then it will be so." Grogek grinned.

"Thank you." Varian smiled. "For letting me marry your wife." 

"Anything to see her smile." Grogek winked. 

Elunara made her way into the Keep, Lulu napping in the sling on her back. Varian stood at a large table arguing with someone over something. She watched him for a moment, before making her way to his side. 

"Ah, Elunara, there you are. I was hoping to get you started on some of the more "mundane" daily tasks." He gestured to the other man. "For instance, they would like to negotiate on this piece of land." 

Placing a hand on the page, she frowned. "You want this to build on?"

"Yes, the land is..."

"No." She shook her head. "No. You can't." 

Both men just stared at her. The other man gave a soft chuckle. "Forgive me, MA'AM, I am aware of your... reputation, but I highly doubt that you have knowledge of such--" 

She turned and left, going to the office room. Quickly, she flipped through the file cabinets. "Now, I know it was..." She yanked a file and took it back out with her. Dropping it over the proposal, she held her hand over one corner. "This piece of land was last surveyed fifteen years ago and was found to be completely worthless, and in some cases, unstable for structure. It was placed in a file to never be dealt with again. I find it interesting that a defunct piece of property suddenly has such a strong bid on it. I find that highly suspect.

The man stared down at her survey with complete bewilderment. 

"Tell me, what is the name of the bidder?"

"Uh..." The man looked at his proposal. "Thomas Bernat?"

Elunara lifted her hand. "Ah, hah. Survey done by Thomas Bernat." She grinned. "Funny how that works. I recommend this piece of land be resurveyed by a different person. This whole mess is highly suspect. Why woul, the same man who declared this lot of land as useless, suddenly want it bad enough to submit multiple proposals? Granted, when Deathwing ripped through, he caused a massive upheaval of land everywhere. Maybe the water table shifted, maybe the land shifted, or maybe he wants to defraud us with a piece of useless land. Either way, this should be heavily investigated."

The man blushed. "I'll get on this at once!" 

"Please do." She grinned. 

He scrambled away. 

Varian put a hand on Elunara's shoulder. "And here I thought I was going to teach YOU something. How did you know about that?"

She leaned back against the table. "You forget, I spent a LOT of time in the rafters above your head. I was doing more than drawing and masturbating. I got lucky just now, in that I recognized the lot map." 

"Always full of surprise." He chuckled. 

A few days later, she sat on the platform, taking a break from the insanity and just drawing. Looking up, she grinned at Varian. "What's up, Sugarlove?"

"Guessing by the frequency in which you use that... that's my new nickname, isn't it?"

"That it is." She laughed. 

After a moment, he sat down next to her. 

She blinked at him. "This is new."

"Complaining?"

"Not a bit." Leaning against him, she grinned. "It's nice to see you relax." 

He brushed her hair out of her face. "It's all changing, isn't it?"

"Not really. For the immediate future, plenty changes. Once it all settles, nothing really will. We'll continue on as we always have, just a bit happier for the permanence and the significance. I should know, I'm a deity." She winked. "People worshipped and bowed, trying to show their reverence. Once they figured out that I hadn't changed? They dropped the act. People are treating me strangely, and somewhere I'll always be "queen". But, as you said, I was a goddess first, and they got used to that." She shrugged. 

"Hm." He leaned back on his hands. "You're the expert." 

Closing her board, she sat it to the side and straddled his lap. With a grin, she brushed her lips against his. "Now, we're not a rumor, we're not speculation... we're a couple." She laid her hands on his chest. 

Sitting up, he rubbed his hands on her hips. "That we are." 

Pressing her lips against his, she shoved him back. Propping her elbows on his chest, she grinned. "And you're relaxing. I like that." 

"You waste... NO time." 

Elunara looked up and grinned. "Have I ever, sugarbutt?"

Zelinnia rolled her eyes. "Not a damned bit. I hate to break up this adorable little scene, but another one of your damned contraptions in my house broke, and now I can't even get into my own bedroom." 

"Shit." Elunara climbed off of Varian. "Wait, which one?"

"One of your hidden pictures? The latch snapped, and the board wedged into the door frame, and now I can't budge it."

Elunara swore. "I bet you it's one of those faulty latches. I never busted that guy..." She marched off. 

Varian blinked after them. "Hidden pic--" His eyes went wide. 

Later, he eyed her. "You know, you don't have to climb in the window anymore."

"What, and ruin my fun?" Elunara winked.

"So... you hid your pictures in Renwa's house?" 

"Correction, I hid pictures that I drew in their house. None of them are of me; they're either Zelinnia or Renwa himself." She grinned. 

He slid his hands across her hips. "So, going to hide pictures in the castle?" 

"Now you've just given me fun ideas." She winked. 

He buried his face in her neck. "I can't wait."

"You know," Elunara purred. "that first time I was assigned to you? I waited until you were asleep... and I'd sit in the window and just watch you."

"Is that so?" He murmured.

She slid her hands down his chest. "In fact, I did it most nights. I wouldn't even bother to find a mark; I'd just sit there... and wonder what it was like." She stooped down and tugged him free of his pants. "To slip my mouth over this." Licking the length of him from tip to base, she pulled his pants down completely. "It was everything I'd hoped it would be." She breathed, before slipping her mouth over the tip.

"Oh, Sweetheart." He groaned, as his fingers threaded through her hair. 

With one hand, she massaged his balls, the other, she ran up and down the inside of his thighs. Moving her head lower, she sucked on the sack, before tugging a ball into her mouth. He grabbed wildly at her ears and hair. When he tugged, she groaned into it. Moving her mouth back up, she sucked hard on him, letting him explode into her mouth. 

He sat heavily on the bed. "Gods, it's always so intense when you DO that."

She gave him a wicked grin. "Let's see how intense we can get."

"Since we're getting married and all..." Cuddling under his arm, she ran her hand on his chest. "I have a question I've always wanted to ask."

"Alright." He chuckled.

"Why have you never tried to go for my ass?"

He blinked. "What?"

"Of all the men I've fucked, you're the only one who hasn't tried to stuff it in my ass. I've always been curious as to why." 

Varian's face went brilliant red. "Uh..." Swallowing, he rubbed his hand on his throat. 

She kissed his chest. "Don't worry my love; I will NEVER make you do something you don't want to. It's just been a curiosity."

"I think it's unclean." He scratched his head. "I know it's one of those things you do... but I would rather just not attempt it."

"See, was that so difficult?" Brushing her lips against his, she smiled. "I just wanted to know. I get all I want from my husbands. I don't need it from you." She winked. 

"Holy mackerel on a biscuit, Tulani, you think the thing is big enough?" 

Tulani grinned. "Well, this IS the first ROYAL wedding gown I have ever made; of course I'm going all out." 

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Well, the dress is more for everyone else... so, whatever."

Tulani froze. Turning from her design board, she stared at Elunara. "This... this is YOUR wedding dress. This is for YOUR happiness. Be damned what anyone else thinks."

"I've never seen this side of you." She raised an eyebrow. 

"Elunara..."

"I'm sorry. I think." Shaking her head, Elunara sighed. "I've never put much stock in clothing. I loved the wedding dress you made for me in Draenor, because it was made and designed by YOU. You have an amazing capacity for design. It's the same here. I wouldn't care if I was naked. I'm getting something I've wanted, but never thought I could have. The dress is fabulous and I love it, but I really don't understand the pomp and circumstance." She knelt at Tulani's feet. "Please don't be insulted by me, but I often think this wedding is for everyone else. Well, Varian and I will get what we want out of it... but it's rather tiring." 

"Are you alright?" Tulani ran her fingers across Elunara' forehead and brushed her hair back. "You seem, off." 

"Ugh, I've been running back and forth like a maniac. I don't really feel like any of this is my shindig. I prefer just declaring it. Not that doing so would mean shit to anyone other than me." Elunara put her chin on Tulani's lap. 

"I'm certain it would mean something to Varian."

"Yeah, I know." She sighed. "But this is all just an elaborate scheme to make everyone ELSE understand how we feel about each other." 

"I'm sorry you feel that way."

Elunara jolted up. "Shit."

"I'm sorry." Varian frowned. "They said you came in here, and the door was open..." 

Elunara raked her fingers through her hair. "Shit. I..." She sighed and dropped her arms. "Did I forget something?"

"No." He brushed the back of his fingers on her cheek. "I'm so sorry you seem to hate this so much."

"No, it's just... Ugh. I don't understand it sometimes. If someone comes at me with one more decoration choice, I might just stuff it down their throats and drop them in the canal. I don't DO decorations."

He chuckled. "That's more like you. Speaking of violent acts... I have an incident you should know about..."

"I could use a good, violent act." Elunara grinned.

"Bradly's mother and one of my guards have disappeared." 

She froze. "What?"

"It seems as though one of my guards managed to walk right on into the Stockades and walk right out with her. Investigations have been launched, but I knew I needed to come to you immediately." 

Raking her fingers through her hair, she growled. "Fucking BITCH! I should have handled her when I had the chance." 

"All indications are that they've left the city, no one can locate either of them."

"ARGH! I can't DEAL with this right now!" She bolted out of the door. 

He blinked after her. Looking back, he cleared his throat. "Forgive me. I feel compelled to ask..."

"Oh, she's not dodging the issue. That's her "I'm going to kill the bitch" face." Tulani smiled.

"Ah. Thank you." He chuckled. "I don't suppose..."

"No, I will NOT let you see the design."

"Damn." 

Elunara ran to the cemetery. Frowning, she looked around. Cursing, she headed to the Stockades. Grabbing the closest guard, she growled. "Tell me everything."