 A crowd gathered in the throne room, as the men to be promoted stood in front of Varian. Grogek and Jordan stood center, while Jerry, Louis and Mark stood behind them. The room had been decorated with full banners and honors, in recognition of the service the men held. 

"I have gathered you all here to bear witness to the makings of our new Stormwind." Varian began. "The men before you have shown me great integrity, honesty, and above all, loyalty. It is with great honor that I give them the recognition they deserve. I start with General Grogek. The man that stands before you was once a terrible enemy. His ferocity and brutality belonged to the Iron Horde, training men under Grommash's command. Thanks to the actions of his lovely wife Elunara, he has been led into our hands instead. Since that time, he has taken our hardest and best trained men, and honed them into a weapon of destruction on the battle field. He has taken our weakest members and turned them into well armed soldiers, ready to do battle with any foe. I have the great honor and pleasure, of naming him General of the Army. May he transform his elite core into the fiercest warriors the world has ever known."

Grogek stepped forward and put his fist to his chest. "You honor me." 

Varian pinned the medal. "You'll do us proud." He grinned. "Now, I turn my attention to General Jordan Shryke, also a man of many accolades. He has earned his place in my army as General through his quick mind and devotion to the cause. While some may fret over the position of Second in Command, Jordan has not once flinched against the title. He is well aware, and proud, of the fact that he is a compliment to any man he is positioned under, and quite frankly, I wish there were more men like him. As such, he takes his place as High General, and will lead our men to victory in the name of the Alliance." 

Jordan stepped forward and accepted his medal. "I think we need a conversation about the wording of that speech..." He whispered so only Varian could hear.

"Sorry, I couldn't help myself." Varian grinned. 

"You and Elunara are perfect for each other." He snorted.

"I take that as high praise." Varian winked. 

Once both men returned to the crowd, Varian smiled. "No leader can be complete without men to lead. It is with great honor that I promote Captain Mark to Major Mark. I suspect he'll do the promotion proud." Once Mark moved away, Varian turned his attention to Jerry and Louis. "Since you two are a team, I promote you as a team, to Captains Jerry and Louis. May your skill and expertise benefit our youngest soldiers."

Loud weeping could be heard from the front row of the spectators. 

"Kaileen, can you button it?" Elunara hissed. "You're embarrassing your son."

"But I'm just so HAPPY!" she wailed.

Elunara smacked a hand to her own forehead. She tapped the woman, who crumpled to the floor. Jerry made to step forward, but Elunara waved a hand. "She can nap through the rest." 

"Thank you." Varian nodded towards Elunara. "I have one final promotion to make." He held out his hand. "Admiral Johnathan Renwa, please step forward.

Renwa blinked a moment before heading over.

"It is my pleasure, and honor, to appoint you Grand Admiral Renwa, to be my second in command, and have YOU to take over for me in any and all absences I may have."

"Me?" Renwa squeaked. Putting a fist to his mouth, he cleared his throat. "Thank you, sir, for this highest, and most esteemed, honor."

"Anyone who can put up with Elunara's antics, and stay sane, deserves it in my book." Varian whispered.

"You're telling me." Renwa laughed. 

Afterward, Varian chuckled. "She's quite the drama queen."

Elunara watched Kaileen smother Jerry. "That she is." She yanked his ponytail. "I heard that, by the way." 

"Would have been disappointing if you hadn't." He smirked. 

"They're all going to kill the both of us when they realize what we're planning on doing."

"That they are." He chuckled. 

"Ugh, that was so lame. The only people getting promoted were that bitch Elunara's fuck buddies." One soldier smirked. 

"Well, she is marrying the king." The other soldier shrugged.

Elunara was down the hallway like a shot. Grabbing both men by the hair, she slammed them into the wall. "Since you dumbshits disagree with the politics in our fair city, you can both LEAVE." She jerked one back. "Believe me, you useless waste of flesh, I remember you from the first time I kicked your sorry ass." 

"Whore." He spit. 

"That IS my codename, yes." She rolled her eyes. "Allow me to escort you back to your houses so you can get your shit and be gone."

Varian shook his head. "I swear... she has a nasty temper."

"Try being on the receiving end." Zelinnia snorted.

"YOU?"

"Oh, yeah. It's ok, though. I deserved it." 

"And it worked to my favor." Renwa winked. "Speaking of which, do you honestly think I'm capable of... all of this?"

"More than." Varian smiled and put a hand on Renwa's shoulder. "I trust your judgment in all things, and that has nothing to do with Elunara in the least."

"I'm deeply honored."

"Do me proud, old friend." Varian winked. 

Days later, Elunara spun around as she looked at the decorated Keep. "Now this is spiffy." 

"And this time tomorrow, it will be stuffed." Varian chuckled. "Studied all the exits yet?"

"First, I already knew them, second, not without you in hand." She winked.

He slid his hands across her hips. "Mine. And soon, they will ALL know."

Wrapping her arms around his neck, she purred. "They already do."

"Save some for the wedding night."

They both looked over. "Like you did?" Elunara winked at Renwa. 

"Hey now, Zelinnia spent the night before at your house. So, no, I did not get to make love to my future bride the night before." Renwa shook his head. 

"Touché." 

Varian chuckled. "In any event, my darling bride here will be staying at her own house tonight. We were just going over the decorations."

"As if I believe that." Renwa snorted. He coughed. "Sir."

"I think we're a little beyond that." Varian waved a hand and grinned. "Come, there's more to show you."

"Wait..." Elunara grabbed Varian by the breastplate and assaulted his mouth with her own. After a moment, she pulled back and winked. "To keep you until tomorrow." She sauntered away. 

"You!" Varian pointed at her. "You are pure evil."

"Now you know what I live with." Renwa snorted. 

The entire city had been done up with wedding finery, and invitations sent far and wide. Most of the kingdom made their way into the Keep, and many more accepted their fate to stand in the streets, as they all waited for news of the wedding. Only the hand chosen made it into the throne room where chairs were set up. 

Elunara fidgeted in a room down the pathway to the Keep. She hated being fidgety. "Holy shitballs, I wasn't this nervous during ours and Grogek's wedding."

Tulani was making last minute adjustments to the women's dresses, and hairdressers and makeup artists were doing final touches. "Yes, but it was just us and the small town. It wasn't even half the size it grew to." She straightened Elunara's head piece. "We might have had thirty people there. This... this is obscene." Tulani winked.

"Oh, don't tell her that." Susan giggled. "I'll make her more nervous."

"Knowing Elunara, the opportunity to make a spectacle of herself in front of THOUSANDS would make her excited, not nervous."

"Damned straight." Elunara laughed. "That's my Tulani." She brushed a kiss across the other woman's mouth.

"How many times am I going to fix this veil?" Tulani sighed. 

"Sorry, sorry." She tried to calm the nerves. "Man, I hope the Horde decide to attack today."

Susan blinked. "Why ever in the WORLD?"

"A good bloodbath always cures my ills." Elunara shot a wicked grin. 

"Alright." A woman stuck her head in the door. "We're ready for the maids." 

"Damn it, you leave me alone in here?"

Tulani chuckled. "Only for a few minutes. Try not to shred my work."

"Fine, fine, out with you." 

"I'm here, Mommy Elunara." Tina held up her hand. 

Elunara took the small hand. "Yes you are, little sweet."

"Where is Lulu?" 

"Lydia and Linda have her in the front seats. You'll go sit with them after you drop your flowers."

"Alright." 

"Flower girl, and bride, please follow me." 

Once Elunara was in place at the end of the aisle, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. He saw her, standing at the end of the aisle, her eyes closed under that glossy veil. When she opened her eyes, and saw him staring at her, her entire body language changed. She damned near strut down that isle. He made a mental note to thank Tulani for the design. 

Even as the random flower petals obstructed his view, he watched her move down the aisle. How Tulani managed to blend so many elements into one dress, he didn't know, but the effect was stunning. There were the soft silk lines and designs that screamed Stormwind, coupled with the glow and glitters of Darnassus. The skirt had a hip slit on the side that showed off her fabulous leg with every step. 

When she stood beside him, she grinned. "Let's do this thing."

Afterwards, Varian tugged her into the bedroom. "Mine." He claimed her mouth. 

When she got a moment of air, "Mm, all yours for the next two weeks." She purred.

"Well, the coronation is in two days, and then we'll be gone on our little "vacation"."

"That's going to be fun." She turned around and wiggled her butt. "Unzip me?"

"Hell no." He shoved her on to the bed. 

Giggling wildly, she held up her arms. 

"Not that either." He ran his hand into the slit in the fabric, and rubbed her leg. "Something tells me that SOMEONE told Tulani I had a thing for legs."

"Guilty!" Elunara sang out.

He tugged the skirt open and blinked. "Well then..." He ran his hand over the barely there, black stocking. "This is different."

"Also Tulani." She laughed. "It has a dual purpose... the first being; that it allowed the skirt to swish properly." She put the stockinged foot on his shoulder. "You can guess the second."

"I'm giving that woman a promotion, or a medal." He kissed her ankle. "Or both." Running his hand up and down the soft fabric, he considered. "Too bad there's not two."

"Oh, hold on." She tugged at the dress and looked. "Tulani stuck the other in a little pouch. Here it is!" She tugged it out and held it up. Fiddling with it, she stuck it over her toes and began to slide it over her foot.

"Wait." Putting his hand on her foot, he grinned. "I want to." He whispered. He kissed her ankle, before sliding the stocking down. Slowly, he kissed his way down, sliding his lips along sensitive flesh. As he followed with the fabric, she writhed and gasped. "I wonder what else is hiding under here." He grinned. Pushing back the skirt, he licked his lips. A small triangle of fabric covered her soft hairs. Running his fingers over it, he grinned. "Fascinating."

With a shiver, she grinned down at him. "That tiny bit of fabric has been driving me batty all day." 

"Mm, then I'll have to leave it on a bit longer." He pressed against it. "As usual, it's soaked." Bending down, he ran his tongue up the thin material and grinned at her wiggling. Returning his attention to her legs, he kissed his way up the fabric, his fingers slicking up and down on the fabric on her crotch. After awhile, he shifted the fabric to the side, and slipped his fingers into her slick folds. "Now, I'm just curious." He purred.

"Do leave the outfit on." She purred back.

Tugging himself free of his pants, He pressed into her with a groan. She reached down and tugged his clothes up so that she could rub her legs against his sides. His hand ran up and down her leg. "This I like." He groaned, before going for her mouth.

Her hands slipped up under the coat he wore, to the soft silk shirt. "I rather like you in a suit..." Was the last they said to each other for some time. They danced their bodies and their mouths together, writhing and shivering, each tugged at the other's clothes, undressing as they moved together. His mouth trailed to those hidden spots in her neck and shoulder, as her hands slipped beneath his clothes, undressing him as they moved. 

He tugged at her dress, returning his hands and mouth to exposed flesh, as he slowly tugged the dress up her body. As he devoured her, she writhed and gasped, clamping and reflexing. They moved together for hours, until dripping and sated, they cuddled together, naked. 

Elunara blinked at the sunlight in the window. "You know, I'm surprised they haven't come a knocking."

He snorted. "They're on threat of your wrath." He licked her neck. 

"Then expect mass resignations." She snorted.

Slipping his fingers through her slick folds, he groaned as he buried a finger into her. "Gods, you're always soaked." 

"Mm, I might stop you in about an hour..."

"My wife." He chuckled. 

"And tomorrow I hold official title as queen." She sighed.

"Well, you don't have to sound so depressed about it." He sat up on his elbow and pumped his fingers in and out of her. 

"It's just silly." She rolled over. 

He dislodged his fingers and brushed the back of them on her cheek. "I'm sorry."

"Don't worry about it." Tugging his wrist, she sucked her juices off his fingers. "I have you and that's all I need." 

With a groan, he shoved her on to her back. "Mine." He growled. "My wife." He plunged his rock hard dick into her slick folds.

The following day, Elunara stood in front of the throne in full regalia. Her new chair would be delivered while they were off on their honeymoon. She felt rather silly, going through all of the pomp and circumstances. She itched to just be gone for their little vacation. But, the kingdom needed this, and her family had worked so hard to be there for any need. The crowd was smaller this time, but there was no seating, and it was standing room only. 

Someone gasped, and she blinked over. An arm wrapped around her middle and another around her neck. Blinking back, she got a nose full of alcohol breath.

"NOBODY MOVE!" The man bellowed.

"Oh, hello, Hartlet."

"SHUT UP, BITCH!" He held a dagger to her neck. "You pollute and corrupt our king, and I am SICK of it! Now," He pointed the knife at Varian. "YOU will listen to MY demands, or the bitch GETS it!" He pressed the dagger against her throat.

Varian blinked at the man for a moment, before he started to laugh. "SERIOUSLY?"

Soon, the entire room began to laugh. Louis buried his face in his hands and groaned. "Really?" He muttered. 

"Dude..." Elunara smacked a hand to her forehead. "Are you serious, right now?"

"SHUT IT!" He dug the blade into her neck. "I care not for the words of a whore." 

She rolled her eyes. "There isn't a single person in this entire room who believes you can do shit to me."

"I MEAN IT!"

Reaching back, Elunara grabbed Hartlet by the neck and flipped him over her shoulder. He landed at her feet. "Someone get a guard to haul this moron out." She put her foot on Hartlet's chest. "We have a ceremony to finish."

Varian wiped the tears from his eye. "What about this scene turns me on so much?" He murmured. 

"I guess we'll have to find out." She winked. 

Once the ceremony was complete, Elunara threw herself at her family. 

"Our momma is Queen." Bradly said in awe. 

"Yep." She grinned. "That makes the both of you princes. And little Lulu a princess." Elunara tapped a finger to her chin. "I guess that also makes Tina a princess. In a way."

"I'm a PRINCESS?" Tina gasped.

Grogek chuckled. "You were already my princess." 

"Well, so long as you listen to me and do what I say, then yes, I'll allow you to be an official princess." 

"Anything! Anything!" Tina bounced. "Do I get a tiara?"

"We'll discuss it." She winked.

"Now I have to make official uniforms." Tulani tapped her cheek.

"Actually," Varian interrupted. "We have a royal tailor for all of that." He grinned. "Though I wouldn't mind allowing you the title, I figured you enjoy your business and designs so much, that such a title would eat into that."

"Oh! Oh, you're quite correct." Tulani laughed. "Here I was worried I'd have to shove my projects back even further."

He took her hand and kissed the back of it. "And now you don't."