 Two shadowy figures made their way out of the Keep. They jumped from the garden wall and down into portal lake. Quickly, they swam to the portal island and climbed up, touching the portal, they were yanked through. Once in the fortress on the other side, they headed out.

"Hey!" A guard called. The pair ignored the man. After they summoned a pair of Iron Skyreavers, he snorted. "Adventurers."

A bit of a flight later, the pair of reavers made their descent. When both slid off the backs of the creatures, they yanked their hoods back. 

"We'll camp here. It's almost light out, and we need to move in the dark." Elunara shook her hair out. 

"Think anyone saw us?" Varian grinned.

"Doubt it." She giggled. "They're all going to have a shit when they figure out what we've done."

"Escaping in the middle of the night is one thing... what we're about to do is entirely different."

"Well, it must be done and I trust no one else to handle it." She tugged a bag out of her cloak. Digging through it, she pulled out a map. "If the information is correct, and I know my agents... We'll have to hit it when it's just dark. We should have about ten to twelve hours to pull this off."

"How can we do so many in such a short time?" He eyed the map.

"That's why we need the two weeks. If the numbers are right, then we can only do this in batches. Each batch is going to get more difficult, as each time we do this, they'll beef security up. The last two or three sets are going to be damned near impossible." Sighing, she rolled up the map. "Ideally, we'd snatch one or two from each area, tossing as we go, but with our limited resources..." 

He put a hand on her shoulder and kissed her temple. "We'll make it work." 

SaTa and Argy hit air. 

"Alright."

"Hm?"

"Oh, they're going to go hunt."

"How did you get Argy to accept me as a rider?"

"First, I can understand them and they understand me, second, Argy is no one's mount, so transferring ridership is easy." She tucked the map into her bag. "We have all day to plan and tweak. Right now..." She slid her hands over his shoulders.

"Right now," He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I'd like to make love to my wife," He brushed his lips against hers. "in the soft grass, under the stars." 

"Mm, I like the sound of that." 

They danced their mouths, tangled their tongues and swayed gently together as they devoured one another. He unhooked her cloak and she undid his. Together they undressed one another, one article at a time. First her shirt, then his, the pants hit the ground and they stepped out of their discarded clothes. Gently, he pressed her back, and together they made their way down to the grass. He nipped at her lips, kissed her chin, her jaw, her neck. He buried his face there, enjoying her writhing as he tormented that special spot.

With a groan, she wrapped her knees up around his hips, and slid her legs back to tangle with his. He shifted his hips and slid inch, by glorious inch, into her warm, wet, heat. When he reached the end, he pressed his hips to hers, burying himself as deep as he could manage. They wrapped arms and legs, twisted together, enjoying the feel of flesh against flesh. When he began to move against her, she near lost herself in it. 

Gentle, he worked himself in and out of her, savoring the scent and taste of her body against his. With each stroke, he gained speed and momentum, until he pounded himself in and out. When she began to clamp and writhe, he chuckled. "No, my love, we're not finished yet."

Several hours later, and after an afternoon nap, they sat together against the hill, pleasantly sated, watching the sun set on the horizon.

"Now this is beautiful." Varian took her hand and kissed the back of it.

"Before... well, before Grogek, I never took the time to just sit and enjoy this kind of thing." She sighed and leaned back on her hands. "There was no point to it. There was no point to a lot of things, really. All I cared about... was my next willing sacrifice." She gave a sigh. "I never would have considered myself in love with anyone. I will freely admit that I knew we had a special sort of chemistry, but I wouldn't have considered you a true lover if not for him."

"Then I am thankful to that orc." He winked.

"So am I." She smiled brilliantly. 

Varian put his hand under her jaw and tugged her to him, capturing her mouth. "I have to wonder... had you never met Grogek... the kind of person you would be now."

"The same I've always been. When I brought Grogek back, they refused to send me out again, because I had to babysit him. Had he not opened my heart, then none of ANYTHING that happened after would have happened. Even the fact that I am out here, waiting for the night to go through with this plan, is a direct result. Maybe I would have been assigned to this mission, maybe not... but I wouldn't have cared enough to see to it myself."

"Funny how that works."

"Hey, now. That's MY line." She winked. "The rylaks return." She stood and wiped her butt off. "Let's get in costume." 

They flew ever higher into the air. Reaching the platform, the creatures dropped off their cargo. Varian walked to the edge of the platform and looked down. "It's a good thing I'm not afraid of heights, or this would be really difficult."

"I used to play chicken with Druids. You want to talk terrifying?" Elunara giggled. "I always managed to win."

"Wait, how do you play chicken?"

"Fly up as high as you can manage, then drop off your mount. Whoever pops slow fall, or in druid cases, bird form, first, loses. I used to hit slow fall inches from the ground."

He blinked at her. "You... are insane."

"You knew that when you married me." She winked.

"I was unaware of how deep the rabbit hole went." He grinned. 

"Enough silliness." She eyed him for a moment. "Lose the hair band." She tugged it free. Fiddling with his hair, she stuffed it in his cloak. "The less recognizable you are, the better. I hope we don't get spotted, but if we do..."

"Right."

"Now, Mr. King, I know you're not used to taking orders..."

"A king always takes orders from his queen." He winked.

"In this case, I'm pulling Goddess rank, dammit. I can't have you dying on me."

He brushed his lips across hers. "I will follow you to the letter, my love."

"Good." She pulled out her map. "Now, we have two main branches. The willing and the unwilling. The unwilling are our main concern. The information given to me, is that the unwilling are kept in horrific conditions. Many are chained together in large rooms, and some aren't even allowed basic things like clothes and blankets. We will be hitting this wing first." She tapped her map. 

"The willing are broken down into two groups, the coerced and the zealot. Zealots are the least of our concerns, and are treated like pampered pets, often in their own rooms with all the bells and whistles. The coerced are better treated than the unwilling, but many are chained in groups as well. We will save all of them we can manage."

"Right."

"For our first room, I've settled on the one with the most gathered in one location. There are twelve rooms I intend to hit for rescue. Honestly, I'm going to need you as protection. When I'm burdened with a person, my abilities diminish, and if I'm tangled up, you'll need to back me up."

"Thank you for the summoning tattoo, by the way."

"It would be a bigger pain in the ass if you came with full regalia. I apologize for the downgrade in equipment, but I needed you as stealthy as possible."

He chuckled. "That is the least of my concern." 

"Good." Taking his hand, she reached for the portal. They entered the Bastion of Twilight. "After the raids, they turned this place into a breeding ground. It seems they're so confident in their security up here, they failed to put any guards at the entrance."

"That's just stupid." He snorted. 

"We must save the women first. My scouts report that babies are taken immediately, to where, they couldn't be sure. The unwilling and the coerced are immediately bred again. The Zealots are allowed to pick and choose when they will do it, and even who they breed with."

"Horrific." He murmured. "We need to find those babies."

"Yes we do. Use the stealth device, we're moving on." 

They raced down corridors, dodging guards and navigating the twists and turns 

Elunara checked her map. "This is the first room." Quickly picking the lock, she shoved the door open. 

Varian put a hand over his mouth and nose. "What is that stench?"

"Gods." She whispered. Shoving Varian in the door, she locked the door behind them. "They're all chained to the floor. They go where they may..." Kneeling next to a woman, she lifted the woman's eyelid. "They're all under a spell of some sort. I pray they have the small mercy of having no idea what's going on around them."

"This one is dead." He frowned. 

"I bet a couple of them are." She tugged out her bag and grabbed her chalk. "Stay by the door while I draw my circles."

"There's nothing in here to cover them with." He murmured. "Are we prepared for so many?"

"I have ports set up in all major cities. This set is going to Stormwind." In haste, she scribbled her runes, before setting off the magic. Once the portal was cast, she began the grueling task of unchaining each woman and moving them into the port. 

Varian summoned his sword and began busting locks. He helped transfer each woman to the portals. "What should we do with the dead ones?"

"I'll handle--" They blinked at the opening door. Varian readied his sword but Elunara held out a hand. "Jaden!"

"Elunara!" He snapped the door closed. "Thank the Gods, you've come!" 

"Any changes in the map you've given me?"

"None. Please, PLEASE let me go home."

"Take the port. You're free. If you want a memory wipe, tell the mages I cleared it."

"What's your role?" Varian interrupted.

"I'm a pollinator." Jaden winced. "They call us seeders or pollinators. We're to fuck the women that haven't taken yet." He scrubbed his hands over his face. "It's sick. It's all just so goddamned SICK! Please..."

Elunara grabbed Jaden by the shoulder and shoved him into the portal. "We don't have time for that. I'll answer your questions later, Sugarlove. We need to escape before anyone else comes through." 

"Right, of course." Varian nodded.

"We have to pass the corpses through the portal, so that Ina or any other healer can try to identify them and return them to their families. After, we'll cremate them."

Their tasks complete, the pair made their way through to the outside. Once in the grass, Elunara flopped down. 

Varian sat down with a sigh. "I wish we could have saved more."

She put a hand on his arm. "We will, my love. We will."

"Tell me about Jaden."

"Jaden is one of the four main SI:7 agents I sent in for this duty. All of them were trained on how to fuck without emotion, to get in and get out. I gave them valuable information and signets which allow them access to anything the twilight comes up with. They were to offer their bodies in the name of the twilight. I knew they would most likely burn out over this assignment, but it had to be done."

"Hm."

"I sent in four, but one of them jumped the game and tried to rescue the victims. In the end, he was caught, dismembered, and fed to the dragons. There's two left in there I have to rescue as well."

"That's... unfortunate." Laying back, he stared at the sky. "I've lost the taste for sex, that's for sure."

"At this point? I have too." She curled up under his arm. "Get some rest, we go back tomorrow night."

They worked every night for eight more days; dodging traps, guards, and other members. After each strike, the security ramped up and more guards, more dragons and several boss mobs were brought in. By the tenth night, they were moving around the areas in inches instead of yards. They had found another agent and freed him from his torment, but the third still eluded them. 

"I'd hoped we'd found him by now." Elunara wiped her brow with her arm as she drew the next set of portal runes. 

"Are you alright?" 

"Yeah, just tired." 

"You're tired?" He whispered 

"Sugarlove, I've gone almost ten days without a recharge. The couple of bouts of sex helped, but they're nowhere near what I require for all this work." 

"Shit. I didn't think of that." 

"Don't worry too much about it. Besides, I can't argue with your distaste for sex, especially after what these women have suffered through." She lit up the portal runes. Once that was done, she gently shook the woman sleeping on the straw. Before the woman could yell, she placed her hand on the woman's mouth. "You're free. Help me wake the others."

The woman nodded and climbed up. Together they got the women through the portal. When the last of them went through, Varian scrubbed off the runes.

"Well, their gratitude was a nice little jolt."

"I KNEW you'd go for this one next."

"Radon!" She gasped. "We've looked everywhere for you."

"You know, I was rather annoyed that you didn't send me your order of escape."

"Forgive me; I knew I'd find you eventually."

"Find me?" Radon chuckled. "I have found YOU!" Several guards and cultists broke into the room. 

"But, I trained you..."

"I was an agent of the twilight, looking for the lost member, Elunara the slave. I couldn't believe my obscene luck when I found out you were the newest SI:7 trainer. It made it all the easier to get to you." He shook his head. "And with this sudden change of heart, even easier to lure you into my trap."

Varian summoned his sword and Elunara pulled her dagger. "Looks like we're fighting our way out." Varian grinned. 

"That we are." Her smile went feral. 

With a flick of her wrist, she sunk her blade into Radon's neck and summoned it back to her. They tore down the mobs in their way and began to head through the corridors, hacking and slashing as they went. While they ran, she slapped charges on the walls and posts. They navigated the twists and turns, avoiding some of the more congested hallways. Another turn; and they found themselves trapped in a large room.

When they turned to backtrack, doors slammed shut. "Not so fast..."

Elunara turned. "Well, if it isn't Ramsley."

He gave her a benign smile. "How quaint, you remember me."

"How can I forget you?" She snorted. 

"Cho'gall used to sit here, you know..."

"I am well aware." Elunara's tone was bored. "Can we make with the fighting now?"

"Your puny dagger is no match for my army." He snapped his fingers and mobs poured from the doorways. 

"You know, you should have listened to Jeana. I am much stronger than I used to be when I served the twilight." 

"I highly doubt that." He snapped his fingers again, and the crowd rushed at Elunara and Varian. 

Varian began mowing down combatants, while Elunara bounced around and slit throats.

"Pitiful." Ramsley snorted.

"Yes, you are." Elunara laughed. She channeled her energy into her dagger and formed her sword. Soon she was dancing around, slipping through defenses and destroying one after another.

"DAMN YOU ALL! BRING THAT BITCH DOWN!"

"Don't worry about me." Varian jammed his sword in another. "Kill the ring leader."

"You are correct." Elunara jolted through the throng and headed for Ramsley. When someone blocked her path, she brought them down with brutal efficiency. When she had a clear shot, he flung her dagger at Ramsley. It had the length of a sword, with none of the weight, and his attempts to dodge were worthless. He fell in an instant. 

Suddenly, the attackers fled in fear. "Elunara..." Varian whimpered.

Elunara turned just as he crumpled to the ground. "NO!" She screamed. She flung herself on to his body. "NO! YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME!" A floating orb came up from his body. Clamping her hands around the orb, she wept. "No, my love... No, I won't let you go." Using all of her energy, she screamed with the force of it, and shoved the orb back into Varian's still form. When his spirit contacted with his body, her energy shot out into the rest of him, healing the damage done.

With a gasp, he clung wildly to her. She collapsed beside him. He yanked her arm around his neck and scooped her up. Working on nothing but pure adrenaline, he ran through the citadel, taking twists and turns on pure instinct. At the door to the portal, he tugged the trigger out of her bag and hit the ignition. Before the nearby charges went off, he took the portal out.

Outside, he let out a whistle, and the two rylaks descended to the platform. He pushed Elunara up on to SaTa. "Your master needs home." He secured Elunara, before climbing on to Argy. Once he was satisfied with his security, he collapsed on the creature's neck. "Take us home." He sighed. 

They were airborne in an instant, and the pair flew as fast as they could manage. Back at the fortress, they dove in and through the portal to Stormwind. Once in Stormwind, the creatures headed to the platform. Argy landed first and allowed Varian to dismount, before moving away. SaTa landed next, and Varian carefully unlatched Elunara and laid her on the platform. 

Once SaTa jumped out of the way, Varian raised his arms. "ELUNARA NEEDS YOU!" He cried, before collapsing. 

Everyone took their turns laying hands on Elunara and offering her their energy. Elunara gasped awake. Seeing Varian, she crawled over him. "Are... you...?"

"I am alive." He whispered. Cupping her cheek with his hand, he laughed. "Now, I am truly your husband."

--------

EPILOGUE

--------

"So, what now?" Jordan eyed Elunara, in the healer building, running her hands over a woman.

Varian sighed. "The women are all undergoing medical checks by our healers, and Elunara is... well you know how she is. Hopefully her treatments will heal their spirits as well as their bodies. Many of the women were out of it, so they don't remember what happened to them. Many of them are so traumatized; they've retreated into their own heads."

"I've heard the pregnant ones are all giving their babies away."

"Most of them, yes. A few have opted to keep them."

"Where ARE the missing babies?"

Varian shook his head. "No one knows. Mathias is doing all he can to find them. Meanwhile... I guess it'll be a few years before we find out for sure." 

"You know she's going to check on every single one..."

"I've married an extraordinary woman." Varian murmured.

Jordan put his hand on Varian's shoulder. "Welcome to the family, brother."