 9 years after Draenor/ 4 years after "Stormwind"

*

Darguni rubbed his hands together. "Today is going to be sweet."

"Don't tell me you're still on that." Bradly rolled his eyes. 

"Hey, I waited until I was eighteen, OK? I FOLLOWED mother to the LETTER. Nothing stops me now."

"Ugh. Do you even have one?"

"Don't need one. I figure it'll just COME to me." Darguni giggled at his own bad joke. "I get the pick of the litter. Even better, I pretty much know them all anyway, no surprises there." 

Bradly adjusted his uniform. "At least wait until after practice."

"Maybe during break." Darguni licked his lips and finished pinning his uniform into place. "Don't want to be TOO tired."

"Where though?"

"Hmm, I guess I'll figure that one out then, too."

"Here would be more comfortable." Bradly snorted. "And sanitary."

"I'm telling ya, bro, you should find you one."

"I already know my one, and I'm more than happy to wait."

It was Darguni's turn to roll his eyes. "Man, I am telling you... you're missing out."

"YOU don't even know what I'm missing out on." Bradly yanked open the door. 

"At least I've gotten close. You haven't even tried." Darguni followed Bradly out. 

"I know what you're up to, mister." 

Darguni froze in place. "Momma, I waited..."

She shook her head. "You listen to me. You damned well better follow my rules. And I know for a FACT you're JUST like your daddy. You will be gentle. You hear me?"

He let out a sigh. "I know."

"I hear ONE word that you got carried away and HURT someone; it will be YOU that gets hurt."

"Mom, I have memorized your rules so many times, I can recite them in my sleep. I will be SAFE and I will be GENTLE."

"Damned straight. I recommend you wait until this afternoon. I have a delivery, and an appointment. I'll be back tonight, depending on how late it goes."

Darguni licked his lips again. "Thanks, mom."

Bradly sighed. "Somehow, I just know this is going to make him impossible to live with."

Elunara chuckled. "He may look like his papa, but he's all me." 

Darguni grinned as he led the girl. "Come on, no one is home right now." 

She giggled. "You sure?"

"Yeah, she told me earlier. It's totally cool." 

"Your house is HUGE!"

"Yeah, my mother gets special perks. Plus, it's the only thing that can hold all of us." 

She licked her lips. "Where...?"

"Come on; let me show you my mother's couch..."

A little while later, Darguni whistled to himself as he made his way down to the trade district. 

"Hey, Darguni!"

He looked over. "Hey, Vicki."

"So... you turned eighteen today..."

He grinned. "Care to try?"

"You as big as they claim?"

"Bigger." He winked. 

Vicki looked around in the door and nodded appreciatively. "Always wanted to see the inside of this house." She wrapped her arms around his neck. "They say your mother is the goddess of sex."

"That's completely true."

"She teach you anything?"

"Not personally, but I've read her books." He grinned. "Why, want tips?"

"Actually, I was thinking I could teach YOU a few things."

"I'm always up for instruction." 

"Maybe a tour of the house first?"

He led her around and showed her the entirety of the house. 

"Your mother has rooms just to fuck in?" Vicki blinked. 

"Yeah, wanna try one?"

"What about this one?"

"I don't know... mom might get mad if we use her room." 

Vicki snorted. "Scared?"

Darguni licked his lips. "Well, as long as we stay off of Tulani's bed." 

Vicki yanked off her dress, and climbed into the massive bed. "Wow, this gives room to move."

He snorted. "Have you SEEN my dad?" Darguni yanked his own clothes off. 

Vicki licked her lips. "Oh, yeah. That is beautiful."

Darguni grinned. "Care to take it for a run?" He climbed into the bed. 

She shoved him over and straddled him. "Oh, I'm going to enjoy this."

"Let me guide you."

"Nah." She sat down quickly and gasped. "Damn!"

"Shit, I was..."

She put her hand on his mouth. "That was not pain." She began to bounce her hips up and down. "Oh, this is amazing." She groaned. "I don't think I've ever been this filled before."

He lay back and grabbed her hips. "Oh yeah, much better this time."

"This time?" Her eyebrow went up. 

"Tried two others this morning." He dug his nails into her hips. "Virgins can't handle this." He grunted. 

"Well, you have to be soft with those." She dug her fingernails into his chest. "I might keep you." She groaned. 

"No. Not happening." He shoved her off of him. "I'm not getting tied to one pussy just yet." He growled.

"Ooo, touchy. Maybe I can kiss it and make it better." She slipped her mouth over his dick. 

He groaned and grabbed her head. "Gods!"

Elunara whistled to herself. She'd already heard about Darguni's first couple of attempts. "Idiotic children." She snorted. Opening the front door, her ears perked up. Darguni had a third attempt going somewhere. Narrowing her eyes, she went up the stairs. 

Vicki tried to suppress the gag, as Darguni exploded in her mouth. She wasn't expecting so much out of him. She did her best to swallow and maintain her cool air. She wiped her mouth off with her hand. The door was flung open, and Vicki smirked at Elunara's enraged face. "Oops."

"HOW DARE YOU?!" 

Darguni's eye went wide and he scrambled backwards. "MOM! You're back early!"

"You're damned fucking right I am!" She marched over and grabbed both of them by the hair and started dragging them out. "I ought to rip your DICK off and SHOVE IT DOWN YOUR THROAT!"

"Shit. Shit. Shit." Darguni whimpered.

"LET GO OF ME!"

Elunara slammed Vicki into the wall. "You shut the fuck up, you useless bitch." She dragged them both down the stairs. She hauled Darguni up and yelled directly into his face. "You do NOT use MY bed! You don't even GO INTO MY ROOM! DO YOU HEAR ME?" 

"Yes, Momma. I'm sorry, Momma. Please forgive me!" He begged.

She dragged them both out of the house, a blinking Bradly staring in shock. She kept on walking until she was at the canal and dropped them both in it.

Darguni coughed and scrambled up the side. "Please, Momma!"

She put her foot on his head. "SLEEP OUT HERE, YOU WORTHLESS LITTLE SHIT!" Marching back in the house, she slammed the door. 

"You're bigger than her! Fight back!" Vicki sputtered. 

Elunara flung Vicki's dress out of the top window. 

"No one beats my momma." Darguni laid his head on the canal wall. "No one."

Bradly scrambled into the house.

Later, Grogek followed in after Jordan. "Love, why is Darguni sleeping on the canal wall, naked?"

"He had that little slut bitch Vicki in our bed."

After blinking, Grogek walked over to Darguni and kicked him into the canal. "Dumbshit." He snorted, and then went back inside, locking the door behind him. 

--------

--------

11 years after Draenor/ 6 years after "Stormwind" 

Darguni leaned back in his bed, reading the book with utmost care.

"Whatcha readin?"

"Mother wrote a comprehensive guide on the safest way to get a chick to take a dick up the ass. With MY size, I could hurt someone. If I get a complaint, knowing mother's temper, I'll get a dick up MY ass instead."

Bradly rolled his eyes. "Gods, you ARE her son." He tossed a small box on Darguni's bed. "Happy Twentieth, Bro." 

"Aw, thanks." Darguni sat the book to the side, and opened the box. With a little "poof", he was covered in glitter. He blinked a moment. "YOU ARE SO DEAD!" He scrambled out of the bed, as Bradly disappeared through the door. 

Bradly had his hand on the handle of the front door. 

"Before you kill each other..." 

They both froze and looked up. 

"I have presents for both of you." 

"But my birthday has already passed." Bradly frowned. 

"I had to wait, because I wanted to give them both to you at the same time." She grinned. 

Once at the bottom of the stairs, she hefted the two boxes out of the library and laid them down. "Open em both."

They ripped into the boxes. "Oh, man!" Darguni ran his hand on the axe hilt. "It's like dad's!

"So's mine!" Bradly lifted his sword.

"These were specially designed and crafted. Later today, your boxes will be installed. If you come with me, I'll do your tattoos. Happy twentieth, my babies."

"We get summonable weapons?"

"Now my boys will always be able to protect themselves." She kissed each of them. "Come, let's get you carved up. Then you can kill Bradly for the glitter bomb." She wiped Darguni's cheek. 

Bradly leaned against the door, eyeing his freshly tattooed hand. "No matter how hard I look, I can't find it."

"That's the point." Elunara worked on Darguni's tattoo. "No one knows how to prevent you from summoning it. Well, they could cut your hand off, but... eh. They wouldn't know that."

Darguni snorted. "I love how you are about such things." 

"Don't shift. You don't want me screwing this up."

"Sorry, Momma." 

She blew on his hand, watching the tattoo light up, and then disappear. "Alright. Once I hang the boxes in your room, you'll be free to summon them at any time." She began to put her tools away. "I'm hanging them in the third level, by the way."

"Sweet." Darguni flexed his hand. He turned and eyed Bradly.

Bradly took off out of the door. 

"Damn, I'll never catch him now." 

"It pays to be the fast sibling." Elunara winked. "As the strong one, you'll just have to be crafty." 

Darguni tapped his chin. "Lydia is singing today."

"There you go."

Darguni hid behind the curtain. 

Lydia sighed. "Why are you covered in glitter?"

"Bradly." He growled. 

"Oh. I suppose you're hiding back here in shame?"

He snorted. "Go sing or something, will ya?"

Lydia rolled her eyes. "Whatever." She stepped onto the stage and began to sing. 

Bradly sat in the stands, his elbows on his knees, chin on his hands, as he watched Lydia sing. He sighed, and Darguni could practically SEE the silly little hearts over his head. He hefted his bucket and waited for the perfect moment. Lydia twirled, the swish of her skirts near hypnotic, but Darguni ignored her. When Bradly closed his eyes, Darguni launched off of the stage, bucket in hand. He dunked the whole thing over Bradly's head. 

Lydia yelped and jumped back, barely tugging her skirt out of the way of the mess. 

Bradly help up his arms and stared down at himself. "THE HELL?"

Darguni pulled out a bag and covered Bradly in feathers. "Serves you right." 

Bradly jumped up and body slammed Darguni. The pair of them began to wrestle and fight. 

"You two idiots better shower before you come in the house."

Darguni had his arm wrapped around Bradly's neck, and Bradly had his arms around Darguni's waist. "Yes, Momma." They replied, before going back to beating each other's asses. 

"Hey Lydia, you still want practice tomorrow?"

"Please, Miss Elunara."

"Eh, at this point, just call me Elunara."

"Of course." Lydia bowed. 

Elunara waved her hand and walked off.