 Elunara dodged and came down hard with her staff, knocking her opponent to the ground. "Come on, girl. You can do better than this. I've taught you better."

Lydia jumped up and launched at Elunara. Elunara dodged harmlessly and kicked Lydia down. Lydia rubbed her face and pulled her hand away, wincing at the blood.

Elunara held out her hand. "I can understand burying yourself in your work, but not at the expense of your heart."

Lydia took Elunara's hand and was pulled to standing. "I guess I'm not myself today." She sighed. 

"Want to talk about it?" Elunara tossed her staff back on the rack.

"Can we?" Lydia sighed and tucked her staff onto her back. 

"Let's go to my house."

At the house, Lydia hissed and recoiled.

"Take it like a man." Elunara snorted. "I have to clean it out. I can't just heal it, because if I heal it with shit in your face, you'll just fester."

"Fucking stings." She grit her teeth. 

"Damn don't it." Elunara snorted. 

"Figured you'd be used to it by now."

"I'm used to a lot of things. You didn't come here to talk about that."

"No." Lydia sighed. "It's about Bradly."

"I've been hearing all about the three of you." Elunara put her fingers under Lydia's chin. "You're making a mess of things, girly."

Lydia winced. "So he told you about the library?"

Elunara's eyebrows shot up. "No."

"Well..." Lydia explained the exchange.

Elunara sighed and leaned back on the couch. "A complete mess."

"Now, I'm just so confused." Lydia put her hands in her lap.

"The problem is that you three have been close since you were kids. Everyone has been expecting the three of you to hook up in some random pattern or another. Even Bradly has thought he was going to marry you since he was eight or nine. Darguni has always been completely oblivious, but with our family claiming relatives left and right, and sticking to it... when he decided you were his sister, that was just IT." 

"That much is obvious." Lydia grumbled. 

"What you and Bradly failed to do, was to understand what you actually want in a relationship. Bradly was just stuck on it being you. You were busy doing the right thing, and staying out of the mess. However, you're twenty two years old, and all of your friends are in relationships. Darguni is pulling "a me", and fucking any girl willing to spread her legs. That's his gimmick in life right now, and he's pretty happy with it. I agree that it'll take a woman like Grogek to finally bring Darguni to his knees. Most likely, he'll still be pulling "a me" for years to come. 

But, that's where Darguni is above and beyond you and Bradly. He KNOWS what he wants, and it's NOT a relationship. Bradly now has to figure out what he wants in a woman, and you'll have to figure out what you want in a man. Hell, in a person. Who knows, maybe that's another assumption."

Lydia considered. "What if I wanted to give women a shot?"

"Then that's what you want." Elunara shrugged and stretched. 

She tugged her legs up on to the couch. "I don't think that's it either."

"If you eliminate an option, you're one step closer to knowing what you WILL want."

Lydia sighed and put her chin on her knees. "If I wanted a woman, there's only one I'd ever consider. So, that's out."

"Who's to say?" Elunara pulled out her board and began to sketch.

"Because she wouldn't. I absolutely know she wouldn't."

"Have you spoken to her?" Elunara adjusted her angle and sketched Lydia.

"Oh, I speak to her plenty." 

"But, about the topic?"

"Not... exactly." Lydia sighed and raked her fingers through her hair. 

"Then, how do you know?" Her eyes flicked back and forth, as she quickly captured Lydia on paper.

With half a laugh, Lydia turned her face. "Because it's you."

Elunara paused only briefly. "Ah." 

"Yeah, "Ah."." Lydia sighed. 

"You do realize that you're practically my daughter, right?"

"Exactly." Lydia put her chin back on her knees. "I've fantasized about you for years, but honestly, I knew that men are where I want to be. You are the only female I have had even the slightest attraction to, and I know full well it's because of all you have done for me. Ever so often, I wonder if you'd..." Lydia rocked her head back and forth. "Break me in, so to speak. At this moment, I'm still a virgin. When I heard about... Darguni's reputation..." She blushed and buried her face against her knees. 

"Just like everyone else in my life, you've gotten yourself into a mess." 

"Don't laugh." She whimpered.

"I'm not, sweetie." Elunara sighed. "I don't know what to tell you, other than to follow your heart. However, first you must figure out what your heart really wants." Elunara brushed Lydia's hair back. "I don't know that I can give you what you want."

Lydia turned bright red and stood up. "I have to go!" She ran out of the house.

Elunara just sighed. 

Susan walked in and blinked. "Was that Lydia?"

"Yeah, she's just confused right now." Elunara ran a hand over Susan's massive belly. "How are my girls?"

"Ugh, I feel like a riverbeast. I hope she doesn't get much bigger."

"Sorry sweetie, you've got three months left."

Susan whimpered.

Lydia ran without thinking. When she finally stopped, she was surprised to find herself in front of her mother's door. She sighed. Well, her mother had been so sad since Lydia's father died in the war... perhaps a mother daughter chat would cheer her. Lydia stepped up to the door and knocked. 

Thinking that maybe her mother had gone out, she decided to wait inside. Pushing open the door, she gasped and ran forward. "Mother!" She dropped down and put her hands on the crumpled form. She began to scream.

Elunara's ears pricked. Without a word, she bolted out of the house and followed the sound of screaming. Lydia was down to dull whimpers by time Elunara came through the door. She knelt and put her hands on Linda's body.

"SAVE HER!" Lydia screamed. "Please, please..." She whimpered.

"Sweetie, she's beyond my capabilities..."

"NO!"

Elunara shook her head. "She's gone, sweetheart." 

Lydia screamed and clung to her mother's body. 

Elunara pried her off and tugged Lydia into her lap. "I'm so sorry. Linda was my friend and I wish I could save her, one last time, but her spirit has already passed into the nether. Even I cannot retrieve her at this point."

Lydia tried to jump and run, but Elunara clung to her. "NO! LET ME GO!"

"No." Elunara tightened her hold on Lydia. "I won't. I won't let you grieve alone."

"Oh, Momma." Lydia whimpered. 

At the funeral, Bradly and Darguni stood on either side of Lydia, their arms wrapped around her. 

"Don't worry, we're here." Bradly sighed.

"We'll always be here for you." Darguni nodded. 

"I remember when my dad died. It still hurts sometimes." Bradly nodded. "But, I had Momma and then Jordan."

"Yeah, you have our Momma. Well, she's always kind of been your momma anyway."

Lydia sighed. "Yeah, I guess." She bit her lip. "I was so busy trying to get Elunara to be my mother, that I didn't give my own mother enough credit... and now she's gone." 

"I didn't either." Bradly said quietly. "He was never there, and I didn't realize how much I'd miss him until after..."

Elunara reached out and put her hand on Lydia's shoulder. She jolted, before going blank. Bradly and Darguni looked between the two. "Momma looks like she does when Elune takes over..." Darguni frowned.

"Yeah, but so does Lydia..." Bradly frowned.

"What the hell?" Elunara looked around.

"Where are we?" Lydia spun in circles, having a major panic attack.

"This is a new one, Elune."

"I thought I'd do you a favor." Elune smiled and pointed.

A golden orb hung there between them. "Lydia?" It whispered.

"Momma?" Lydia put her hands to her chest. "Is it really you?"

"Elune has retrieved me from the nether, but it pulls at me." The orb shivered. "Lydia, oh, my dear sweet baby. I had hoped to see you in your wedding gown... but I guess I never will."

Tears streamed down Lydia's face. "Oh, Momma..."

"Elune has allowed me to say, that it has finally come to pass. I knew, deep in my heart, that you were just as much Elunara's, as you were mine. I told her ages ago, that I was making her your godmother. That, should anything befall Thomas and me, that SHE would be your mother. Well, I guess she IS your mother now..." The light flashed repeatedly, before Linda had form again. "I just... I just want one last hug..." 

Lydia threw herself at Linda. "Oh, Momma. I love you so much."

"I know, baby. I love you too." Linda faded to light, before dispersing. 

Lydia grabbed frantically at the points of light. "MOMMA!" 

Elune sighed. "I'm sorry, that was all the time I could borrow." 

They broke free of the space, and Lydia collapsed to her knees, screaming in anguish. Elunara wrapped her arms around the girl. "Come on sweetheart, let's get you home." 

Elunara closed the door to the bedroom and sighed. "Lydia's going to stay with us now. I've already sent for her things." 

Darguni sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "Gods, I feel so bad for her. I've... I've never had to deal with this kind of loss."

Bradly sighed. "I have." 

"I don't know if what Elune did was good or not. It..." Elunara shook her head. 

Bradly shrugged. "I can't tell you if it would have helped me at all." 

Days later, Elunara sat on the couch and worked on her commissions. Lydia came out of the bedroom rubbing her eye. "Time is it?" She mumbled.

"Just after two."

"I can't believe I slept so late." 

"You've spent more time crying than sleeping in the past few days, my little love."

Lydia sighed. "Can I...?"

"Curl up under my arm? Yes."

Lydia climbed on the couch and curled up under Elunara's arm. "I'm just so..."

"Confused?"

"Yeah." She sighed. 

"Not uncommon. I assure you." 

"Thank you for letting me move in." 

"You're family. If you want, you can take the bedroom at the top of Bradly and Darguni's little tower. You'll have complete privacy and a nice view."

"I might." 

"The boys haven't used it since they were kids." 

"Hm."

Elunara ran her hand over Lydia's hip. "I'm not trying to force you to take it, just letting you know." 

Lydia watched Elunara draw for a long time. "Your work has always been amazing, but I never knew how fast you were at it." 

"I get faster as I practice. I figure I'll reach a zenith eventually."

Lydia giggled. "Cute pun." 

Elunara grinned. "Good to hear that sound." 

"So, I've been thinking..." Lydia absently ran her hand on Elunara's leg. "I don't think I..." She shifted. "well, I don't think I'm... like that."

Elunara rolled her eyes. "Love, "that" could mean about fifty bajillion things, what ARE you talking about?"

Lydia blushed. "I don't think I'm... female set." She sighed. "I don't want to have sex with you."

"I'm glad you've figured that part out."

"But, I would like your instruction." 

Elunara cocked a brow. "Really now?" 

Lydia nodded. "You're the expert after all. I think... once I figure out what I want... I'd rather be prepared." 

"Now, that I can help you with." Elunara leaned forward and dug in a drawer. She tossed a metal object in Lydia's lap. 

Lydia stared at the thing. "What?"

"That is a dick. That's a small one, nice little beginner." 

"They... come in different sizes?"

"Oh, my dear girl." Elunara laughed. She tucked her board away and opened a different drawer. "They range from this." She held up a small one. "To this." She held up Grogek's. 

Lydia scrambled back. "HOLY...!"

"Yes, they go in your holes." Elunara laughed. "This one is Grogek. Now, I haven't put my hands on it, but I can assure you, Darguni is about the same size."

Lydia shrank back. "Uh, NO. Just... NO." She turned red. "I... one time I kinda snuck around so I could see when he... um... peed... but I never saw the WHOLE thing." 

"Naughty, naughty girl." Elunara laughed. 

"I was curious." Lydia stared at the one in her lap. 

"Should have asked first, girly." Elunara laughed. 

"GODS! Why are so many girls bragging about...?" She slapped her hands to her mouth.

Elunara cackled. "I already know about that one." She tapped her finger to her chin. "Here's a fascinating bit of news... I think some of them are making it up." 

"They..."

"Because Darguni is honest with me, you know our rules. He has more quitters than completers." 

"Hm." Lydia mimicked the gesture. "How can I tell who's lying or not?"

"Are they hobbling?" Elunara snorted. "Honestly, I can't tell you without being faced with them." She dug in the drawer. "This is your standard human male." 

Lydia ran her hand on it. "So... Bradly?"

"Yes."

"Huh."

"This one... is Jordan." Elunara winked as she held up a different one.

Lydia blushed. "I take it you knew..."

"Pfft, you were SO obvious, child." 

She held the two together. "Oh, Jordan's is... bigger."

"That it is."

"How do you have these?"

"I did cast moldings. My husbands cater to my whims." 

Lydia reluctantly handed the Jordan one back.

"Don't even THINK about THAT one. He may not see you as I do, but he still can't get his dick hard for anyone other than me."

"Why IS that?" Lydia cocked her head to the side. "I'm not after him... I never really was. He was yours and I wasn't going to take what is yours. I just always wondered... why?"

"He can't even answer that one." Elunara shrugged. "He tried for years to find a girl, but every time he got to the bed, he couldn't get hard. He thought he was impotent, women thought he was secretly gay. This went on for ages. He felt he'd die single. Then Renwa decided that the best way to loosen him up; was to send him to me. Not only did he get hard... well, he couldn't keep his hands off of me." Elunara shrugged. "Except, he had a major obstacle in his way... Grogek. Or so he thought. Thinking he could never have me, he tried other women again, only to figure out that the ONLY way he could get hard, was to fantasize about ME. Deciding it was cruel to other women, he gave up again. 

I didn't even realize this was going on. He was right under my nose, and I thought he hated me. I thought he was gay for Renwa. When Zelinnia came around, she found the evidence that had been staring me in the face. Curious, I approached him, only to discover that he was eating himself alive over me. I told him to follow his heart... and here we are." 

"Wow..." Lydia sighed. "Let me guess... Bradly thought he had the same thing with me..."

"Bingo." 

She groaned. 

"The major difference; is the fact that Bradly never tried. He just decided you were his Elunara..." 

"Damn it, Bradly." Lydia muttered. 

The door opened, and Bradly walked in. 

Lydia shoved the thing in her lap behind her back.

"Uh, did I interrupt?"

"Sorry, I forgot to put out the sign." Elunara popped open her board. "You know, son of mine, I have yet to figure out why you have such miraculous timing."

"Huh?" He raked his fingers through his hair. "I just came by to see if Lydia was feeling better." 

"Yes. Much." She flushed as her fingers fiddled with the metal object in the hand behind her back. "I'm fine."

He sighed. "Look, I know what I said." He held out the box. "Accept it or not, but it's still your birthday present. 

She took the box. "Well, it is a pretty necklace." Letting go of the hidden object, she put both hands on the box. "Thank you, Bradly." She smiled at him. 

He grinned at her. "What are you hiding anyway?" He reached out. 

Elunara grabbed his wrist. "No." 

"But..."

"No." Elunara shook her head. 

He blushed. "Oh." Straightening up, he bowed, before turning and leaving in a hurry. 

Lydia buried her face in her hands. "Oh, GODS that was embarrassing!"

Elunara cackled. "Now, do you need me to show you how to use it?"

"No, thank you. I'm going to go to my room and quietly die." She got halfway to the room, before doubling back and snatching the metal dick off the couch. 

As the door closed, Elunara laughed so hard, she stopped making noise.