 "So, Bradly and I are dating now."

Elunara blinked up from her board. "So that's why Bradly's been walking around whistling like a loon." She giggled. "He's so his daddy."

"Huh?"

"Jordan whistles when he's extremely happy about something."

"Ah." Lydia flopped down. "I also told him to let Bryan pursue him too." 

"That's... unique."

"You have Jordan AND Tulani. Doesn't seem all that weird to me." 

"Goody." She snorted. 

Bradly made his way down to the amphitheater. "I figured you'd be here."

Bryan jolted and knocked his papers out of his lap. 

Reaching down, Bradly began to gather the papers. He picked up one and stared at it. "This is me."

Blushing, Bryan yanked it out of Bradly's hand and tucked it back into his pile. "I'm sorry." He mumbled. 

"I need to talk to you." 

"I figured you would." He sighed and sat back down, tucking his pencil in its case.

"I'm ok with it."

"Huh?" Bryan whipped his head around. 

"Well," Bradly rubbed his neck. "Ok, this is going to get weird for a few minutes, so just hang on til the end, ok?"

"I'm... listening." 

"So, you surprised me the other day, and I was a little confused because I didn't exactly object to it. I did some thinking and figured out that, yeah, I was ok with it. But you know that I've been stuck on Lydia since... forever, and well, I was also kind of stuck on that and decided that maybe if Lydia really was done with me, that maybe you and I could.... See where things went." He shrugged. "But then Lydia came to me, and... wanted more. After a really weird conversation, we're dating now."

"Oh." Bryan frowned. "Oh."

"Hold up, I'm not done." 

Bryan just blinked. 

"I said it was a weird conversation... but anyway, she told me that she thinks I should allow you to pursue me too. Kind of like how my mother is married to three men and a woman. Honestly, I don't disagree with her logic. But the end result is that you have to be ok with the idea too. I mean, it's already going to be complicated enough, trying to date two people." He laughed. "Again, I couldn't disagree with Lydia's logic on the whole thing."

"You... want to date Lydia AND me?"

"Sorry." He winced. "That sounds awful. You know how weird my mother is..." Wincing again, he sighed. "I am so fucking this up." 

Bryan sat his stuff to the side and stood up. He put his hands on Bradly's shoulders before brushing his lips across Bradly's. Bradly wrapped his arms around Bryan and returned the affection. Bryan broke contact first. "I accept."

"Well, okay then." Bradly blinked. 

Elunara walked into the house and blinked.

"Hey, mom."

She stared at Bradly hanging upside down from the couch. "I wasn't aware you knew about that setting."

"I read the manual you wrote." He chuckled. "I remembered when we were kids, and you did this on Grogek's back."

"You realize I use this setting to suck someone off while they eat me, right?"

"Huh. Makes sense. How do you manage with all the blood rushing to your head?"

"Speed is the key." Reaching over, she popped the couch flat. "What's going on?"

"Lydia will only date me if I date Bryan too."

"Uh... That's... not what she told me."

"Well, that's how she put it." 

"Do you WANT to date Bryan?" She flopped on the couch. 

"I was kinda hoping for an either/or, not a both. I mean, I've spent my WHOLE LIFE waiting for Lydia, and when I finally have her in my hands, she drops this on me." He sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. "I'll do anything to keep her, even if I don't get why."

"Have you told HER this little gem?"

"Not... exactly?"

Elunara got up to answer the door. "Hey, Jerry."

Bradly bolted up. "General Jerry!"

"I heard about you and Bryan." 

Bradly sighed. "Yes, sir. It's... complicated." 

"Might as well start talking." Elunara closed the door. 

"Sir, I like Bryan, I really do... he's a sweet guy and all, but... Well, you see, I've always wanted..."

"I'm certain the entire city knows about your obsession with Lydia." Jerry grinned.

Bradly blushed. "She told me that she wouldn't date me unless I dated Bryan at the same time." He raked his fingers through his hair again. "I don't want to hurt Bryan, but I can't let Lydia slip through my fingers again. It's... she drives me completely crazy." He put his face in his hands. "I just know Bryan is going to get hurt in all this mess and I just don't want to do that." 

"That's very unfair of her." Jerry murmured.

"That's the thing." Bradly groaned. "She thinks THIS is being fair."

Jerry scrubbed his hand across his face. "Well, this is something you three need to work out, because if something happens to Bryan, I'm holding both of you accountable."

"You'd be right to." Bradly sighed. "I like Bryan, I really do. But, all I've ever wanted was Lydia. I'm not like my mother; I can't maintain five hundred relationships at once." He bit his lip. "Oh! Momma! You should see Bryan's drawings, they're beautiful." He blushed. "Of course, the ones I saw were of me, but I think he has a real knack for it." 

"Fascinating." She tapped a finger to her chin. 

The door opened and everyone stared at Lydia.

"Uh, hello. The signs weren't..."

"So, what's this about you only dating Bradly if he dates Bryan too?" Elunara put her hands on her hips.

"That... um..." Lydia turned deep red. "That's not what I said." 

Bradly jolted to his feet. "Yes you did!"

"No, I didn't!" She stomped her foot. "It doesn't matter, YOU said you wanted him!"

"I WANT YOU!" Bradly tossed his hands up. "After you REJECTED me yet AGAIN, I decided that maybe I'd give Bryan a chance. Once you gave me hope, I wasn't about to do anything to jeopardize that!"

"You... only agreed to date him because of me?"

"YES, YOU NINNY!"

"Oh."

Everyone looked back at the door. 

"Bryan! Wait! No!" Bradly took off after him.

Elunara walked over to Lydia and smacked her on the back of the head. "Idiot."

"Ugh, kids." Jerry snorted.

"I know. Imagine trying to give yourself to someone you don't want; just to save face in front of someone you do want."

Jerry turned scarlet. "You win." 

Bradly caught up with Bryan at the amphitheater. "Bryan, wait, please?"

"Go away." Bryan clung to the package in his arms. 

Bradly put his hand on Bryan's arm. "Please, just let me talk." 

Bryan jerked his arm back. "Go away. I don't want your pity."

"Oh, Bryan..." He wiped the tears off of Bryan's face with his thumb. "You misunderstand completely." He sighed. "That Lydia made a mess of things and I let her. Look, I... all my life..."

"Yeah, everyone knows about your obsession with Lydia." Bryan sniffled. 

He winced. "I guess they do." He put his hands on Bryan's arms. "Anyway, when I thought she was done with me... AGAIN I was left in the awkward position of figuring out what I wanted in life. Then you kissed me and things got a lot stranger."

Bryan opened his mouth, but Bradly shook his head. 

"It was strange, because I didn't mind. It was a "huh, would you look at that" moment. So I thought to myself, "well, that wouldn't be so bad". I figured I'd sleep on it and go from there." He ran his hands up and down Bryan's arms in an absent gesture. "Next thing I know, Lydia is dragging me into her bed, and I think... everything is finally right with the world. I knew, absolutely knew, that no matter what it takes, I'd agree to any damned thing she said to keep her there." He stepped back and raked his fingers through his hair. 

"I can imagine what she said." Bryan muttered.

"Here's the thing... I didn't mind so much. It wasn't a "oh, gods, what are you doing to me now?" It was more of a... "Oh, ok, that's cool." He sighed. "The actual problem... is that I'm not really like my mother. I can't juggle a billion people at once. I don't have her kind of energy. I have wanted Lydia so badly, for so long, that I dove out without thinking about what I was doing. I should have given it more thought; I should have made Lydia clarify what was in her silly little head. 

I am so damned sorry that I acted without thinking, and my mother is going to have my head on that point. But, I have to admit that I'm completely scared. I finally have what I want, and I don't want it to slip through my fingers. On the other hand, I don't want to hurt you either. This is all so messed up, and I could strangle Lydia right about now." He brushed his fingers across Bryan's cheek. "You see, if it wasn't all so mixed up... Bryan, I like you, I really do. I wouldn't be opposed to dating you and figuring you out, but I will freely admit that I jumped the gun, just to get what I wanted. I'm so sorry, please forgive me." 

Bryan's breathing quickened and he bit his lip. "I made this for you." He held up the wrapped bundle.

"Oh, thank you." Bradly opened the package and gasped. "This... you made this for me?" he stared at himself in a couple of poses, mostly naked. "When...?"

"Sometimes, when you're at training, I watch... sometimes when you go swimming in the lakes... I watch." Bryan blushed and fiddled with his fingers. "Do you like it?"

"I love it." He murmured. Bradly wiped at the tears with the heel of his hand. 

"I didn't mean to make you cry." Bryan put his hands on Bradly's arm.

"No, it just... it reminds me of the first time I commissioned momma." He put his hand to his mouth. "It still hangs above my bed, with the picture of my birth father... just before he died." He grabbed Bryan's arm. "I need to put this up, right now. I have to." He dragged Bryan all the way home. 

Bradly pushed open the door. "Momma?"

Elunara stuck her head out of the Library. "Get things settled?"

"Mostly... I need the tools. I want to put up my picture."

"Hold your horses, let me fin– What picture?"

Bradly held it up. "Bryan made it." 

Elunara gently took the frame in her hands. "Oh, this is beautiful." 

"You think?" Bryan blushed. "I know it's not up to your quality." 

"Sweetheart, I've been drawing for well over fifty years, it's difficult to match what I can do. This, this is pure beauty. Let me get my things." 

Elunara stepped back and admired her work. "That is a piece made out of love." She put her hand on Bradly's shoulder. "I'll leave you alone." She stepped out of the room and closed the door.

"I remember spending the night here as kids. I was always so jealous of all you had." Bryan looked around. "Now you two get the strange privilege of staying here instead of the soldier's quarters."

"Yeah, we got ragged for days about that, but when your dad's the trainer, your mother married the king, and you're considered "the pride of Stormwind", you get all kinds of perks."

Bryan ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth. "Your mother fixed me, and then wandered off without a thought." 

"She does that."

Bryan sat on Bradly's bed. "For a long time, I thought that I could love her..." He sighed. "But it never fit right. But, you and Darguni are just so like her, that... I began to realize my affections fell elsewhere." Licking his lips, he sighed. "Darguni kind of scares me. Not that he means to, but he's just so damned big." He gestured to the other bed. "One day, when we were teenagers, you took your shirt off in front of me, and my brain died." He stared at the bed sheets. "You already had years of training, and you were pretty built then, even your scars were... beautiful. I kind of wanted... to lick you." 

He laughed and rubbed his neck. "Forget kind of. I fantasized about it. It drove me crazy. I started drawing then, because I knew that a picture was all I was going to get. You only had eyes for Lydia, there was no way you'd go for me. The irony of who adopted me, and what I eventually became, is not lost on me."

"Huh."

Bryan looked up. "What?"

"Double irony... Mother started drawing so she could capture all of her sexual conquests." 

Bryan blinked. "Seriously?"

"Yeah. That's how her whole mess started." 

"I have no idea how to feel about that." 

"No one ever does." He shrugged. "We're all pretty open about sex by this point. Momma goes "I'm going to go fuck Varian." And we're all like "Ok, have fun."

"Wow." 

"It's just who we are. I guess that's why I'm ok with the whole thing. I don't see the male/female argument. My mother has two husbands and a wife, hell, your grandmother is married to a woman, your parents are both male, it's all just eh at this point." Bradly ran his fingers through his hair. "I guess I shouldn't have skimmed over the male set parts of her works." He ran his hand over his mouth. "I wonder if I should. I guess that depends on where we go from here."

Bryan sat there, fidgeting, his face unbearably hot. Staring down at his hands, he searched for the right words. "I want..." He sighed. "I want you to love me, not because you have to, but because you want to."

"Is it enough to say that I am willing to try?" Bradly quietly asked. 

Bryan's head snapped up. 

"I'm probably going to screw this whole mess up. In fact, I know I am. I love Lydia with all of my being, even though she drives me completely nuts. But, I did get something started with you, and I'm sorry if I've yanked you around with all of this. I should have spoken to Lydia first, but I was just so excited. I just don't want you to feel lost in all of this." 

"I..." Bryan's throat closed up on him. "I want you. Gods, I want you so badly." 

"I just don't want to hurt you." Bradly whispered. 

"I'd be happy with just once..." 

"You can't..." Bradly croaked out. He swallowed and cleared his throat. "You can't let me forget you in all of this." 

Bryan stood up and wrapped his arms around Bradly's neck. "I won't let you." He whispered, before crushing his mouth to Bradly's. His fingers slid up through Bradly's hair, and he groaned into his mouth. 

Bradly broke contact. "Good lord, Bryan." He ran his hands down Bryan's back and gripped his ass. "I had no idea you were so passionate." 

"Yeah, well..." Bryan blushed. "I've been waiting six years for this." 

Bradly winced. "Ouch." He licked his lips. "I have no idea how this is supposed to work." 

"Uh, me either." Bryan licked his lips. "It's not as if I had a front row seat to my dads or anything."

"I've read my mother's books, but I kinda skipped over those parts."

"I figured I'd just get you naked and figure it out from there." 

"Ah, the old standby. Good choice."

Bradly's hands went up and tugged Bryan's shirt off. Licking his lips, Bryan returned the favor. They helped each other out of their pants, before their mouths met again, gently dancing and tangling together. Bryan trailed his mouth down, to the chin, across the jaw and down the neck.

"How long have I waited... to do just this?" He ran his tongue up Bradly's chest, causing Bradly to gasp and lay his head back. Still, Bryan worked his way down to that trail of body hair, until he found Bradly's dick. He took it in his hands. "I've also wondered how this tastes." He licked the length of him. 

Bradly fell back on the bed with a gasp, sitting on the edge. "Bryan!"

"If just the once..." He whispered, before slipping his mouth over it. Gently, he sucked his way down until he had the length of it in his mouth. 

"Oh, Hon." Bradly groaned. "I've always wondered what it would be like..."

Bryan began to move his head back and forth, sucking and slurping at the dick. In and out he pumped his mouth, thrilled at the noises Bradly made as his fingers crushed into Bryan's hair. Cupping the balls, he enjoyed the feel of them in his hands. 

"Gods, Bryan... I... I'm..." He gasped. 

Bryan sucked down hard, eager to taste what came to him. 

Clinging to the bed and Bryan's hair, Bradly let go of himself into Bryan's waiting mouth. 

Bryan pulled off and licked his lips. "Better than I imagined." He whispered.

Frantically, Bradly tugged Bryan up into his lap. "That... was amazing." Without another thought, he wrapped him into his embrace, their mouths crushed together in a frantic mating dance. Bradly's hand found Bryan's dick, and he began to pump his hand on it. "I want your body against mine..." Was the last they said for awhile.