 "Well, that was kind of fun." Bradly laughed. Bryan was tucked up under his arm. 

The door opened and Darguni stopped and stared. "The shit?"

Bradly jolted up. "Uh, hey. Soo... I have a boyfriend now."

"What happened to Lydia?"

"I have a girlfriend AND a boyfriend? I don't know. This is getting weirder by the minute." 

"Well that explains the glitter bomb."

Bradly chucked a shoe at Darguni.

He caught it. "And they say I got the most of mom." He snorted. 

Bryan was hiding behind Bradly. "So, you're ok with it?"

"Why should I care? My brother can be a cockmuncher if he wants." Darguni yanked his shirt off and tossed it into the laundry pile. 

"Can... I ask a personal question?" Bryan peeked over Bradly's shoulder. 

"Family policy, blurt it and go, I'll figure out if it's offensive or not."

"Are you really as big as they say you are?"

Darguni shoved his pants to the floor. "You be the judge."

"HOLY SHIT!" Bryan hid again.

Elunara popped open the door. "Hey g–" She blinked. "This was not the threesome I would have expected to walk in on." 

"Mother!" Bradly hissed. 

"What? It's true." She considered the scene before her. "Huh. You're bigger than your dad."

Darguni's eyes shot up as he looked down. "Am I?"

"By about a quarter inch. But I haven't seen you hard, so I'd have to compare notes, you might wind up bigger. I need my board."

"MOTHER!" Bradly repeated. 

"Oh, yeah. Right. I told Lydia she could have your third floor. She's currently moving her stuff upstairs. I was already going to let her have it, so she could have her own space, but since you're boinking each other now..."

"ELUNARA!" Lydia hissed. 

"I told you, I don't do "censored", deal with it, chicky."

"So I'm bigger than dad?" Darguni licked his lips.

"I wouldn't go bragging about that, mister. You know how he gets about bragging."

"Yeah, he'll bust my quarter inch off."

"Oh, wait, so NOW you're OK with BRYAN?"

Bradly put a hand to his head. "You are so fucking confusing!" He growled. "I literally cannot win with you!" 

"Alright, that is IT! I am TIRED of the BOTH of you!" Elunara slammed the door closed. "You!" She pointed to Lydia. "This IS your freaking fault! NO, you CANNOT use the kiss bullshit, because ever since Bradly confessed to you, that's all the hell YOU'VE been thinking of EITHER! You WANTED him to, that's why you LET him, and it isn't really HIS fault that it woke you up to the goddamned truth! YOU!" She pointed at Bradly. "You jump the gun way too goddamned fast, and you almost hurt Bryan in the process and that's not fair to ANYONE." She pointed back at Lydia. "You need to get your head out of your goddamned ass and decide if you really WANT to love this man, or so help me I will beat your ASS!

He fucking LOVES YOU, and when Bradly loves someone, he does it with his whole heart, because that's how I fucking raised him to do it. You told him to pursue Bryan and guess what fucking happened? If you can't figure it out, I'm going to whack you again! Now either accept your place in this mess, or go back upstairs and STAY THERE until I've decided what to DO with you!"

Tears streamed down Lydia's face. "But I..."

"I know you're confused, I know this is weird, but you started this mess. You said you were willing to let Bradly have both, then stick to it. If you hadn't run your damned mouth, he would have never dragged Bryan into the middle of this. GODS, I'm sick of children and their refusal to fucking TALK. This house has an open honesty policy that has been there from day one for a REASON. We avoid all this drama bullshit, because we fucking TALK!" 

Lydia flopped down on Darguni's bed. "I'm sorry Elunara." She dragged her fingers through her hair. "You're right..." She sighed. "As usual."

"I have the most awkward boner." Darguni mumbled. 

Elunara shot him a look. "Yeah, well, I'm told that me yelling at people gets them hard."

"I wasn't even the one being yelled at." 

She cocked her head to the side. "half an inch."

"Huh?"

"Yeah, half an inch." She shook her head. "ANYWAY! Lydia, FIX IT!" She pointed. 

Lydia looked up. "Well, I..." She scrambled back. "HOLY DAMN!" 

"Yeah, I get that a lot." Darguni snorted. 

"How does that FIT in a person?" 

"Very tight, I assure you."

Bradly smacked his face. "Great, now my so-called girlfriend is discussing my brother's dick." 

The door opened again. "Love are you... what in the HELL is going on in here???" Grogek blinked.

"Nothing fun, that's for sure." She snorted. "To recap, Lydia prick teased Bradly into a relationship with Bryan, and Darguni was, I think, trying to get ready for bed when he walked in on the mess. I yelled at them, and now poor Darguni has a hard on for days." 

"Not an uncommon reaction." Grogek snorted. "Are you coming to bed any time soon?"

"Eventually." She sighed. 

"Susan would like for you to calm the baby."

"Hell with it, I've had my say." She glared at them. "Work it out!" She closed the door behind her.

"Calm the baby?" Bryan peeked over Bradly's shoulder. 

"Susan is pregnant with a half orc; my dad's... so it's pretty big and pretty powerful. You can see her belly shift with the baby, kind of freaky. Mom can calm the baby with her energy, lulling it to sleep." Darguni yanked on a pair of sleep pants. "Can you get off my bed?"

Lydia scrambled to get out of the way, before Darguni flopped down. 

"Geez, now I got this thing to contend with." Darguni grumbled. 

"Then go upstairs." Bradly snorted. 

"No, because I'm stuck on how I got the thing." He put the pillow over his face and laid back.

Lydia began to wildly giggle. 

"What's with you?" Bradly eyed her.

"Gods, I spend way too much time around your mother."

"Spit it out."

"Well, Bryan's gay, I'm straight, and you're apparently bisexual, so everyone present has no issues watching a guy jack off."

Bradly buried his face in his hands. "GODS!"

"She has a point." Bryan squeaked. 

Darguni raised the pillow and his head. "Yes, you spend entirely too much time with my mother." 

"Well, now I kind of want to see it." Lydia put a finger to her chin. 

"Me too." Bryan giggled. 

"You didn't tell me your girlfriend was such a little freak." Darguni snorted, before reburying his face under his pillow. 

"Would help if I actually knew that!" Bradly snorted. 

"I am NOT! I'm just curious... I've never seen ANY guy jack off." Lydia crossed her arms.

"I've just never seen one that big." Bryan whispered. 

"Penises are a new thing to me." Lydia shrugged.

"What were we just talking about?" Bradly grumbled. "About running your mouth?"

Lydia sighed. "Bradly... For most of my life, you've been this really irritating little brother. Then, in the library that day, I realized how poorly I had misjudged you. I've been struggling with that, ever since. I started seeing you in a different light, and it was horribly awkward for me. I now know that I want to try to have a relationship with you. I also felt like shit when I found out that Bryan wanted you too, and then I started thinking about how he acts around you and it occurred to me that he's waited almost as long for you, as you have for me. I felt incredibly guilty..."

"What are you doing?" Bradly sighed. 

"What does it look like, genius? It's starting to hurt." Darguni had his hands in his pants, stroking himself up and down. 

Bradly smacked a hand to his forehead. "Continue." He sighed. 

Lydia tore her eyes away. "So, I kind of thought that I could do both... I could share you with Bryan. Then I wouldn't have to feel so guilty..." She stared as Darguni pulled himself free of his pants and wrapped a fist around his dick. "I didn't really take into account Bryan's feelings on the matter, and that was cruel of me." She licked her lips. 

"Do keep talking." Darguni grunted.

"A-anyway..." She tried to focus on Bradly, as her face flamed. 

Bryan had started licking Bradly's shoulder, as his erection pressed into Bradly's back. 

"Gods, I want to try that." Lydia whimpered.

"Feel free to try." Darguni's hand picked up pace. 

"This is impossible." Bradly groaned, as his own hand stroked his growing erection. 

"Bradly..." Lydia licked her lips. "I... want you. I want so desperately..." She stared at Darguni's dick. "For..."

"Gods, Lydia, just suck the damned thing already." Bradly growled. 

Without waiting for another word, Lydia scrambled over and put her mouth over the tip of Darguni's dick. He groaned and grabbed the side of her head. She bent over and took him into her mouth. Bradly got up and tugged Lydia's skirt up, before burying himself into her dripping center with a groan. He held on to her hips and began to thrust in and out of her slick folds. Bryan's hands came around Bradly's waist, and before he could react, Bryan pressed himself up into Bradly's ass.

"Oh, dear Gods." Bradly groaned. 

Darguni's fingers threaded through Lydia's hair, as she tried to take as much of him in her mouth as she could manage. "Gods, fucking suck it." He growled at her. 

Bradly's fingers dug into the flesh of her ass, as he pumped himself in and out of her slick, wet center. "Lydia." He whimpered, as his thumb caressed her asshole, sending her into gasps. 

Bryan's fingers dug into Bradly's chest as he licked at Bradly's neck. In and out, he slid himself, enjoying the feel of Bradly's well toned ass. His teeth scraped against sensitive flesh.

Darguni let himself go and Lydia almost choked with it. The way she jerked her body, sent Bradly's thumb into her ass, which caused her to clamp down in shock. Bradly near exploded in her, as Bryan gave himself up into Bradly. 

Bryan slid free and clung to Bradly's back. 

Lydia was still coughing when Darguni sat up. He gently pat her back. "Sorry, no one expects the amount." 

"I'm starting to see why mother has so many lovers." Bradly held his head. "You can't get those kinds of sensations with just one."

Lydia shivered. "I'm sorry. I have no idea what came over me." 

Bradly wrapped his arms around her. "It's fine. I think if it was anyone else I'd have been mad... but I kind of also told you to do it..." He winced. "No idea why the idea was turning me on." 

Darguni snorted. "Because our dads?" He pointed up. "They became brothers because they were fucking the same woman. Granted, uhh I don't exactly want Lydia for my own." 

Bradly shifted and tugged Bryan forward. "Well, whatever the reason, this is where our relationship is, I guess." 

"I'm going to go ahead and say that I'm not going to stick my dick in your girl without your prior knowledge and request." Darguni held his hands up. "I'm just not like that."

"I know, dude. I know." Bradly shook his head. "Tonight was a weird fluke."

"I'm still horrified my mother gave me a hard on." Darguni buried his face in his pillow. 

"I'm still trying to figure out why I liked having a dick up my ass." Bradly snorted. 

Bryan giggled and blushed. 

"You're being awful quiet." Bradly whispered to Lydia. 

"I'm sorry!" She yelped. "I don't know what came over me, I've never even done that before, but suddenly it was like the only thing I've ever wanted, and I don't know why, but then it's like I couldn't stop and I couldn't think and I..." She began to gasp.

"Whoa, whoa, slow down, sweetheart. It's ok." He wrapped his arms around her. "It's ok." He buried his nose in her neck. "It was just a weird situation, and I think we all rather enjoyed ourselves."

"GAH!" I'm such a screw up!" She raked her fingers through her hair. 

"Shh, shh, no you're not." 

Bryan fiddled with his fingers. "Um, I think I should go. It's kind of late..."

"Ugh, tell me about it." Darguni flopped back. "I'm exhausted."

"Yeah, this might take awhile." Bradly sighed. "You go home, I'll see you tomorrow. Try not to be loud when you leave."

Bryan tugged on his clothes. "Yes, of course." He tugged Bradly forward and assaulted his mouth. After a moment, he let go with a gasp. "Tomorrow." He whispered, before he slipped out of the door.

"That... is really weird to watch." Darguni snorted.

Bradly ran his tongue over his teeth. "You're telling me."

"Why don't you take Lydia upstairs, so I can get some damned sleep?"

"Good idea." Bradly grabbed Lydia's hand and dragged her up to the third floor. "Come on, beauty, speak to me."

"I'm so confused. I don't know why I do these things." She laid her head against his chest. 

"Tell me what you want, sweetheart, so I can give it to you." 

"That's just it... I don't know. It seems to change from one minute to the next."

"What do you want right now?"

"You." She whimpered. 

"That's a good place to start." He brushed his lips across hers. "Because I'm already yours." 

"Oh, Bradly." She whispered.

"Just let me love you, that's all I've ever asked." 

"Please?"