 "Hey, Darguni... want to have some fun?"

He licked his lips. "Hey, Quinn..." His eyes tracked away. "Uh, yeah, not today." Jogging off, he caught up with Lydia.

Quinn stood there and blinked. She had to tell somebody.

"Did you talk to mom?"

"Yeah..." Lydia sighed and brushed her hair out of her face. "She's willing to let me practice with her, but no more than the usual schedule. She'll let me do the weapon tattoo, but my dumb self left it at training yesterday. I have to retrieve it."

"I'll go with you."

"Thanks." She sighed. "Now, I have to figure out what I really want to do with myself." 

"Anything you want, we'll support you." He put his hands behind his head. 

"I feel dumb."

"Why?"

"Because all I want to do is sing and look pretty."

He chuckled. "Well, you've got the pretty part down... and your singing is amazing..."

With a giggle, she grinned at him. "You have any idea how long I've wanted to hear you call me pretty?"

"Yeah, well..." He blushed. "I had to come to the realization that you could BE pretty." He stuck his tongue out.

Without thinking, she stood on her toes and captured his tongue with her lips. He blinked at her, before wrapping his arms around her waist and pressing into the kiss. 

"Can't you two keep your hands off each other for five minutes?"

Darguni jerked back. "Dad!"

Grogek shook his head. "You are so your mother." 

Lydia blushed. "I... I need my staff." She scooted away.

Jordan was currently reaming Bradly, but Lydia ignored them and poked through the weapon racks. "Sir? Where's my staff?" She bit her lip. 

"Bradly broke it."

Her eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open.

Jordan put the two pieces in her hands. "That's why you should maintain your weapon at home, and not leave it with the training gear!"

Holding a piece in each hand, she looked back and forth. "You..."

"Sweetheart, it was an accident... I fell..."

"YOU BROKE MY STAFF?" She shrieked. 

"Oh, shit." He held up his hands. "I didn't mean to, it was just a silly accident."

Jordan crossed his arms. "If you'd been listening, and not dicking around, you wouldn't have even had the staff in your hand."

She shot out at him, swinging both parts of the staff. "YOU STUPID ASS! THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING I OWN!"

"Shit, shit, shit." Bradly tried with some desperation to block her attacks. 

"Fight her back!" Jordan called. 

"But, I can't... she's..."

"Don't pull that "girl" shit on me. Don't even try the "girlfriend" excuse. When you are being attacked by an opponent, your end goal is to BRING THEM DOWN! If you can't bring down your completely enraged girlfriend, then how are you going to fight in an actual battle?"

Bradly summoned his sword. "FINE!"

Elunara just stood on the platform, staring. "Where the hell did this come from?"

Darguni winced. "Bradly broke her staff."

"Oof."

"Gods, Lydia! I'm sorry! It was a complete accident! I shouldn't have picked it up."

By this point, she wasn't listening, she was just attacking. He tried several times to take her down, but she was lighter and quicker than him. She dodged under him effortlessly, and went for the attack. She cracked him in the back of the head hard enough, that she knocked him out. Holding up her pieces, she went to attack his prone form. 

Darguni dove in, taking the hit for his brother. 

Lydia blinked down at the pair of them. "What the... what?" She dropped the pieces and held her head. "What have I done?" Her fingers raked through her hair. 

"Well, that's going to bruise." He winced. She backed away, before turning to run. His hand shot out and grabbed her by the wrist. "Not a chance, sweet pea." 

"What the HELL was THAT?" Elunara dropped down into the ring. 

Jordan cocked his head to the side. "If you came to training more often, we could harness that."

"I don't WANT to harness... whatever it is I just did! I just want to be a singer!" Tears ran down her cheeks. 

"Move, big brother."

Darguni shifted off of Bradly, but refused to release his hold on Lydia. 

Elunara ran her healing energy over Bradly.

"Gods, is he ok?" Lydia whimpered. 

"He'll be fine. He'll just have a nasty headache." 

"I was just so angry." She whispered. "You can let go, I'm not going to run." 

He released his grip on her arm and frowned. "Shit, I'm sorry."

She stared at the bruises on her wrist. "I guess that's the least of my worries."

"Ugh, my head."

"Bradly! Bradly, I'm so sorry!" Lydia scooted closer. "I don't know what came over me." 

"Gods, you fight like my mother." He put his hands on his head. 

"I think we should put you in personal training." Jordan nodded.

"NO! NO! I REFUSE!" She scrambled up and ran. 

Darguni sighed. "She was coming down here to quit." He jogged after her. 

Jordan ran his tongue over his teeth. "If we don't train that, she could be a danger to someone the next time she loses her marbles." 

"I agree. Help me get Bradly home." 

Darguni found her at the top of the hill, crying. "Baby..."

"Leave me alone, I'll just hurt you too." She tugged her legs up and wrapped her arms around them.

"Beauty, I'm made of tougher stuff. Yeah, I'm probably going to have a nasty bruise on my side, but meh." He sat down and tugged her into his lap. "It's ok."

"No, it's not." Curling up in his lap, she sighed. "I don't WANT personal training."

"I'll never make you do something you don't want."

"Everyone's going to be afraid of me now." 

He chuckled. "They were afraid of mother at first... now look at them." Sliding his finger under her chin, he brushed his lips across hers. "Besides, I'll never be afraid of you." His face hovered mere inches above hers. "I'm usually afraid of hurting you."

"But, you don't." She whispered. 

He pressed his mouth to hers, as his fingers buried in her hair. Her hands went up around his neck and she lost herself in the expert skill of his mouth. Pressing her backwards, he laid her in the soft grass. His hands went up her shirt and his fingers caressed her breasts. Tugging the shit off, he licked her chest. She writhed under him. Again his hands roamed, and he tugged her skirt off. She lay there in the soft grass, her face flush, and her hands against her chest. 

"Open up for me, my love." He whispered. 

She spread her legs apart.

"Not just that." He tugged her arms up, and wrapped them around his neck. "Like this." He pressed his mouth to hers and danced his lips, taking his advantage when he could. After enjoying the flavor of her mouth, the feel of her skin in his hands, he tugged himself free of his pants and slipped in, inch by glorious inch. 

She gasped and clung to him, groaning as he began to move in and out. Her legs came up and rubbed against his soft sides. 

"Come for me, Baby." He whispered. "I want to feel you."

Her fingernails dug streaks down his back, as she began to shiver. When she clamped down on him, he released himself with a groan.

He sat with her in his lap, as he licked her neck, he fondled her breasts. "I'm going to say something stupid." 

"Everyone keeps reminding me of the family rules." She rolled her eyes. 

"I love your breasts. They're so large and perfect for my hands. Everyone else has such small ones, barely any fun."

Blinking, she laughed. "I'll be damned." 

He slid his hand down her belly, through her soft curls and to the slick folds below. Pressing a finger in, her gave her a playful growl. "In fact, it's amazing how well we fit together."

She gasped and jerked against him. 

"Just like that." He slid his finger in and out of her. 

"Gods, Darguni..." She whispered, clinging to his massive arm. 

"Mm, I like making you squirm." He licked her neck, as he pumped his fingers in and out of her.

Writhing in his lap, she gasped at his skilled fingers. "Please..." She whimpered. As he increased his pace, she clamped down and hung on to him.

"Oh, you're awful."

He cuddled her. "I just can't help myself."

She sighed. "We should probably see how Bradly is doing."

"Yeah, we should." 

"Bradly, I'm SO sorry!" She clung to his hands. "I don't know what came over me."

He sat in bed, bruises evident over his body. "Well, you fight like my mother." He snorted. "I'm sorry I broke your staff. I know how important it is."

Lydia sighed. "It's the most important thing I own. I didn't mean to go crazy... How DID it get broken?"

With a sigh, he brushed his hair out of his face. "We were at the end of training, and I was doing a last minute check on the weapons, when I realized you'd left your staff on the rack. I... Well, I picked it up and started playing with it. I tossed it in the air, intending to catch it. Instead, I fumbled it and when I went to grab it again... I did the clumsiest thing I've ever done in my life..." He muttered. "I stepped on the end, tripped, fell, and landed dead center of the thing." He sighed. "Which is why dad was reaming my ass when you showed up."

Lydia fought tears. "Now what do I do?"

Elunara held up the pieces of the staff. "I'll see what I can get done."

Lydia climbed in the bed and wrapped herself around Bradly. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you."

He cuddled her. "It's actually kind of fascinating, and tells me I need more training." He laughed. "It's alright Sweetheart, I kind of deserved it." 

"Yeah you did." Darguni snorted. "You don't play with someone else's weapon."

"Don't you start!" Bradly jabbed his finger towards Darguni. 

"Hey, I've fucked up plenty." Darguni flopped on his bed. "But I wouldn't have broken the staff."

"Bah." 

Bryan stuck his head in the door. "I heard what happened."

"Yeah, Lydia fucked me up." Bradly laughed. 

He stopped by the bed. "Oh, look at you!" He brushed his hand over some of the bruises. 

"I looked MUCH worse before momma healed me."

"In fact, I'm back to heal more." Elunara put her hand on Bradly's shoulder and focused her energy. The bruises began to fade and lighten.

"Amazing..." Bryan whispered. 

"Yeah, momma's aces at healing." Bradly groaned. 

She examined him. "I'll finish you up in the morning."

"Alright." 

She grinned. "Good night." She snapped the door closed. 

"Ugh, you'd think she knew something we didn't." Darguni grumbled. He flopped back and dropped the pillow over his face. 

"Or knew something we did." Lydia muttered.

Darguni jerked his head up. "You told her."

"Honesty policy, remember?" She snarked

"GAH!" He tossed his hands up. 

Lydia sat up. "She's the best person for advice on the subject!"

Bradly laughed. "Hell, Darguni you're the one who reads her books. Religiously..."

Darguni blushed. "Yeah, so?"

"Oh, my GODS, he CAN be EMBARASSED!" Bradly cackled. 

"Forgive me if I'm a little weirded out by my girlfriend taking advice from my MOTHER!"

"Wait, she's your girlfriend too?" Bryan blinked.

"Yeah, we're one big happy family now." Bradly cackled. "He can read, in depth, repeatedly, about mother's fuck projects, but you include Lydia, and he gets all embarrassed." 

"It's different, ok?" Darguni crossed his arms.

"Gods, all she did was give me one of those metal dicks to work with. I've read her books myself, but..." Lydia blushed. "Well, they were a little too detailed. Now I need to read them again, just to figure out where I can improve."

"Well you certainly don't need any lessons with your mouth." Bradly snorted.

She glared back at him. "WHAT?"

Darguni smacked his forehead. "Dude, you don't just out and say it."

She looked back and forth. "The hell are you two talking about?"

Darguni ducked his head. "Nothing."

"HONESTY POLICY!" She crossed her arms. 

He raked his fingers through his hair. "Gods, I need to put this shit up." He brushed his hair back. "Fine, you give the best blow job I've ever had. There, I said it." 

She gawked at him. "Really?"

"I actually kind of wondered... if you had instruction..." He shook his head. "I need to shut my mouth." 

Bradly sighed. "Bryan, I love you, but it's true." 

Bryan blushed. "I wonder how we compare." He slapped a hand to his mouth. 

Lydia narrowed her eyes. "That's a good idea."

"I'm always up for that!" Bradly laughed. 

Lydia tugged at Bradly's pants. "I think we should find out now." 

"Ok!" Bradly bucked his hips and let Lydia yank his pants down. 

She grabbed his still soft dick and began to lick at him. He laid his head back and groaned. Quickly, she licked him up and down, before sliding her mouth over the tip. He buried his fingers in her hair. "Oh, Sweetheart."

Scooting her head back, she grinned at Bryan. "Now you go."

Bryan licked his lips. "With pleasure." He scooted up and began to lick up and down, his own hand caressing Bradly's erection, he slipped his mouth over the tip and sucked. 

Bradly ran his fingers through Bryan's hair. "Gods, Sugar."

"My turn." Lydia slipped her mouth over the dick and began to pump her mouth up and down.

"Together." Bryan whimpered. They linked their fingers at the base of Bradly's dick and began to lick him up and down.

"Ok, this is not fair." Darguni groaned. He had his own dick in his hand, pumping up and down. Lydia reached back and tugged her skirt up. He scrambled up and pressed himself into her slick folds. "Oh, thank you, Baby." He groaned. 

Lydia slipped her mouth down, taking in the full of Bradly. She shifted her mouth and sucked on him. Bryan gave her a small shove, and she backed up, letting Bryan take over. Her hand went down and she caressed and tugged at Bradly's balls. His fingers dug into her hair and his body shook. 

Darguni pumped himself in and out of Lydia's slick folds. His fingers dug into her hips and he groaned. He moved a finger and began to caress her asshole. Shifting, he got his finger slick from the outside of her folds, before pressing into her ass. She gasped and jolted. Laying her head against Bradly's stomach, she whimpered and shivered. When she clamped down, she spasmed with it. 

Bryan licked his lips. "Who... won?" He gasped. 

Bradly cackled. "I don't know; we'll have to repeat the experiment."

"Liar!" Lydia gasped. 

Darguni dislodged himself from Lydia. He wrapped his arms around her middle and tugged her up. He buried his face in her hair. "Forgive me, I couldn't help myself." He murmured into her ear.

"I think I liked it." She whispered, as she shivered against him. 

"Um, can I stay here tonight?" Bryan blushed. 

"Of course." Bradly tugged Bryan over and captured his mouth. 

"Well, this bed isn't big enough for three of us." Lydia frowned. "I'll go to--"

"Nope." Darguni plucked her out of the bed. "You'll just have to stay in my bed." 

"Yipe!"

Bradly laughed. "Looks like that's settled." Bryan climbed up next to Bradly and curled up beside him. 

Darguni grinned and got the lights. "Night!" 

She curled up under his arm. "This is very strange." She whispered. 

"I like it." Darguni kissed her neck.