 "Momma, I can't find her." 

"I haven't seen her all day either." Bradly sighed. 

"You were a little tangled up with Bryan." Darguni snorted. 

Bradly blushed. "Yeah, it's... a little weird, but I'm liking it more than I thought I would." He sighed. "It doesn't mean I'm not worried about her."

"Should we search for her?" Darguni bit his thumbnail. "I mean, she's not Tina... she can take care of herself."

Elunara sighed. "We can't force that girl to do a damned thing. If she doesn't show up by tomorrow..." 

Lydia jolted. Bleary eyed, she looked around and belatedly remembered she was still back stage. She stood up and stretched out the kinks in her body. Peeking out of the curtain, she realized how ridiculously dark it was. Quiet as a mouse, she made her way through the city. 

An arm shot out of the darkness and wrapped around her neck. With a growl, she slammed the back of her head into her assailant's nose. He stumbled back and she grabbed him by the throat, slamming him into the wall. "Fucking asshole." She slammed him back repeatedly; until she was satisfied he was out. Grabbing him by an arm, she dragged him down the alley way until she found a guard. "Dispose of this asshole." 

The guard blinked down at the mangled mess. "Uh?"

"He attacked me. Worthless bastard." She turned and continued on. With painful slowness, she opened the front door, tiptoed up the stairs and made her way into the top floor where her room was. Slipping out of her clothes, she climbed in bed and passed out.

Elunara sighed and went back to sleep. 

The next morning, Lydia paced her room and considered her options. Looking out the window, she considered the distance. When she heard the sound of footsteps up the staircase, she didn't hesitate to jump. 

Elunara looked out of the window and sighed at the figure running away from the house. This was not how you dealt with problems. 

"Momma, I haven't seen her in over a week and I'm starting to lose my marbles." Darguni sat down and raked his fingers through his hair. 

She tapped her pencil on her board. "I find it fascinating, how Bradly is "oh, Lydia is just being a pain" and you're worried out of your mind." 

"And you're sure she comes home at night?"

"She sleeps here, and then sneaks back out."

"But, WHY?" 

"Because she's avoiding the truth. Every adult in this house agrees that she needs to train again. She doesn't want to face us." 

He fiddled with his ponytail. "Not even me?" He whimpered. 

"Especially you. You agreed with her, and now you don't. That has to hurt."

Lydia lightly pounded the back of her head against the wall. She hated hiding in the dark. Desperately, she wanted to be on the hill. She couldn't do it. She just couldn't do it.

"Lydia?" Darguni called. 

Slipping through the back entrance, she bolted. She wandered through the back alleys, careful to not be spotted by anyone she knew. 

"Oh, look who it is." 

She froze. With a sigh, Lydia looked back. "Hello, Tara... Ember... Jyca and Louise..." 

"You know, we're getting really sick of you."

"I don't think you understand the situation." Lydia shook her head. 

"Oh, we understand it plenty." Tara put her hands on her hips. "It's complete bullshit that you've taken the best dick in the whole city for yourself."

"You DO realize there's a person attached to that dick, right?"

"Unimportant." Jyca waved a hand. "He's OURS."

"Wow, you guys are dumb as shit." Lydia snorted.

"Whatever you've done," Tara interrupted. "We're here to fix it."

"Yeah!" Ember growled. 

"You guys are worthless." Lydia shook her head. 

"No, you're worthless." Tara crossed her arms. "Everyone knows the only person in this stupid city who gives a shit about you is Bradly, and he's spent all of his time with a GUY. How pathetic is it that you weren't even replaced by the same gender? So of course you had to blackmail Darguni. "

Lydia's breathing quickened and she balled her fist. "You take that back." She growled. 

"Ooo, hit a nerve!" Tara sneered. "Just like the little deformed shit you used to be, before you came back from Draenor. But we all know that you've spent your whole life with that Elunara bitch. There's no telling how dirty THAT pussy is."

Something inside Lydia snapped, and she dove. 

Hearing a scream, Darguni raced to find it. He was desperate to make sure Lydia was ok. The first woman ran out and he blinked. She just pointed, and he went into the alley way. Lydia had a pair of women by the hair and was pounding their heads into a wall. He didn't stop to think, he just dove on Lydia. She began to hiss and claw, her fist hitting him in the mouth and her nails raking down his cheek. 

He pulled her away.

"SHE'S COMPLETELY CRAZY!" Tara screeched. 

"Lydia!" He yelled in her ear. "I know you're in there!" She struggled against him, even as he clamped his arms over hers. "Baby, I know you're in there! Come back to me!" Her eyes rolled up in her head and she went still. He grabbed the sides of her head. "Baby?" He whimpered. 

"Ugh. My head." Sometime later, Lydia groaned and put a hand to her forehead. She jolted up in her bed. "Darguni! What happened to your face?" She held her hands up to him. 

"You did." 

Lydia frowned at Elunara. "What?"

"THIS is exactly why I said you need to go back to training." She gestured to Darguni's face. "I haven't healed him yet, because I needed you to see exactly what you are capable of." 

Lydia shrank back. "No."

"Lydia... why? Why did you go nuts on them?"

Tears streamed down her face. "They said such mean things about you and Elunara." She sniffled. "They're just so pissed off that I "took your dick" from them. They..." She curled up and cried. 

"Oh, Baby..." He tugged her into his lap. "You don't have to defend me." 

"I couldn't help it. Then when Tara said that about Elunara..." She shook her head. "I lost it." 

"Said what about me?" Elunara cocked her head to the side.

"That..." She swallowed. "Well, I don't remember exact wording, but the indication is that... you and I... well,"

"Blurt it and go."

"That there was no way to know how dirty your... pussy was."

Elunara cackled. "Here I was hoping for a creative insult." She shook her head. Holding up a box, she passed it to Lydia. Frowning, Lydia held up the two pieces of her staff. "It couldn't be repaired and still be structurally sound. I had them cleaned up and polished off. Now they're two pieces. After seeing your skill against Bradly, I've decided that these are a better weapon for you. I've already installed the box next to Darguni's. I will do your tattoos immediately. 

"Thank you."

"You WILL attend training first thing in the morning, Grogek will be expecting you.

"But!"

"DO YOU NOT SEE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE TO BOTH OF MY SONS?" Elunara swung her hand. 

Lydia shrank back against Darguni's chest. 

He wrapped his arms around her. "You should have seen what you did to those women..."

"You will show your ass up to training, or so help me..."

"How many times can you count, seeing my mother so angry?" He asked quietly. 

Lydia buried her face in his chest. "Fine." 

Elunara crossed her arms. "You're Grogek's problem now." 

After, Lydia curled up under Darguni's arm as they lay in his bed. "I really don't want to go."

"Don't worry, Baby. I'll be there. I've been training under my dad since I was eleven."

She ran her fingers on the faint scars on his cheek. "I hate that I did that to you." 

"Eh, it's fine." He pushed her over and laid his hands on either side of her head. "I know how you can make it up to me." He grinned. 

"Always so horny." She sighed. "No wonder those chicks thought you were a dick without a body."

He blinked at her. "Tara said that?"

"They all did." She licked his chin. "But I know the difference."

Scooting her skirt up, he grinned. "I'll show you what both can do."

"Give me. I want you." She whispered. 

He tugged himself out of his pants, and slipped neatly into her. "Gods, you're so tight, yet so perfect." 

She wrapped her legs up around his waist. "Give me all I can take." She gasped. 

"With pleasure." He growled. 

When they finished, cuddling her underneath the blankets, he licked her shoulder. "I wonder what else I--"

Bradly opened the door and blinked. "Oh, you found her."

Darguni sat up. ""Oh, you found her?" "OH, YOU FOUND HER?" Is THAT all you have to say on the matter?"

Lydia sat up and tugged on Darguni's arm. "It's not that big a deal."

"It IS that big a deal! You've been hiding for over a week, worrying me out of my MIND, only to turn up in a rage fit, and all he has to say on the matter is "Oh, you found her"?!"

"Lydia does weird shit all the time." Bradly shrugged. "If you've been chasing her around like I have, near my whole life... you'd KNOW that." 

"So you haven't worried about her freaking mental health this whole fucking week?"

"Nah, I knew she'd get over it and come back." 

Darguni was out of the bed in an instant and punched Bradly in the face. "HOW DARE YOU!"

Bradly shoved Darguni back. "The fuck is your problem? I KNOW her, and YOU DON'T!" 

"You ASSHOLE!" Lydia screamed. 

"Baby, I..."

"NOT YOU! HIM!" She jerked her finger at Bradly. "I spent the last week sleeping in the goddamned amphitheater because I thought nobody gave a damn about me! The only person who even TRIED to find me was Darguni, and you have the fucking NERVE to claim YOU know ME?" 

"Oh, Baby, I'm so so--"

"THE FUCK IS GOING ON DOWN THERE?" Elunara leaned over the stair banister. "You woke the baby!"

"Oh, Gods, dad is going to kill me." Darguni groaned. 

"Bradly didn't even BOTH ER to try and find me or HELP me, because he figured I'd "just get over it", and come back on my own."

"Bradly, you're a shit head." 

"But!"

"No. Sleep up here tonight."

Bradly growled. "FINE!" He stomped up the stairs. 

"I'll deal with all of you later. Now, I have to help Susan." 

Darguni wrapped his arms around Lydia. "I'm so sorry, Baby. I tried--"

She put a hand over his mouth. "I know you did." 

He sighed. "Let's get some sleep, tomorrow is going to suck." 

The next day, Lydia flopped down on the hill. "Ugh, I'm so tired." She whimpered. "How do you survive?"

He sighed and leaned back. "Eleven years? Well, he's always been a beast, but at least he built up over the years." Darguni chugged the water bottle, before passing it over. 

"I'm going to die." She whimpered. 

With a chuckle, he kissed her forehead. "I won't let you." 

"I hate pants." She mumbled. 

"I could always help you deal with those." He winked. 

"Too tired."

"You can lay there and take what I give you." He licked his lips. 

"I hate that you two aren't talking over me." She whispered. 

Sighing, he ran his hand over her belly. "I've always known my brother can be thick in the head... but to not care about your welfare..." He shook his head and put his arms on his knees. "Twelve years he's chased you. And once he has you, he doesn't even care. I don't understand it."

She sighed. "He went from being my annoying little brother, to a dick who doesn't give a damn. I don't understand it either."

Bradly paced back and forth. "I don't fucking GET her!" 

Bryan sighed and wished he had Elunara's speed. "It would hurt my feelings too, if you didn't at least check on me. It was cruel of you to ignore her when she was so upset."

"Ugh, not you TOO! My mother wringed my neck for damned near an hour this afternoon."

"You worshipped her, desired her, wanted everything in this world to let you BE with her, and when you finally get her... Well, you ignore her through her first major crisis. Darguni was there, and you weren't... it's no wonder she took his side."

Bradly's mouth dropped open.

"It's no wonder she thought you were an annoying brother... if, when she HAD these issues, you ignored her then too." Bryan shook his head. "If you want her to BE with YOU so badly, then why can't you just BE there for HER?"

Bradly dropped into a chair and held his head. "I'm an asshole." 

Lydia lay on the bed and groaned. "Your hands are magic."

Darguni laughed. "After awhile, you pick up a few things." He rubbed at the knots on her back. 

"You keep at that, I'll do whatever you ask." She sighed.

"Well, I do know this fascinating position..." 

"I'm sorry."

Darguni looked back and put his hands on his hips. "Excuse me?"

Bradly raked his fingers through his hair. "I'm sorry I didn't care, and I'm fully aware that makes me a complete asshole."

"That's the understatement of the year, Bradly." Lydia snorted. She scooted around Darguni.

He sighed. "I am stupid. All I've ever wanted was you, and I finally get you and I ignore you. Taking advantage of finally having all I've ever wanted, as if you'd just be there for me, as I've just been there for you." Rubbing his neck, he sighed again. "Then someone made me understand... I've never actually BEEN there for you. You've had these things before, and I just waited them out. I never once bothered to find out if you were alright." He flopped down on the bed. 

Lydia sighed. "Neither of you have. Granted, this time Darguni did... but previously? Only my..." She swallowed. "Only my mother and Elunara tried to help me." She fidgeted. "Well, Darguni has been there now." She whispered. 

He put his hand on her shoulder and kissed the top of her head.

"Yeah, I get that." Bradly sighed. "Darguni is better at the relationship thing than I am." He brushed his hair back. "So, yeah... Darguni DOES love you more than I do, because I have no concept of how to treat someone I love." 

"Oh, Bradly." Lydia sighed and brushed her hair out of her face. "Maybe we should teach you."

Both men blinked at her. 

"Well, I want to love you, that much is true." She sighed. "You make it so difficult to do. I'll freely admit that the only reason I even GAVE you a shot, were the beautiful things you said about me that day, and then how amazing it was to kiss you, how much I loved having your body in my hands." She held her hands up. "That's not love. That's lust. Pure freaking lust. So maybe I don't understand how to love you either." 

"We're a terrible pair." Bradly frowned. 

Darguni sat down and sighed. "So, now what?"

Lydia wiggled her way into Darguni's arms. "You I love." She whispered. 

"All I want... is for you to be happy." Bradly ran his hands over his face. "I said that from the beginning. That even if it wasn't me who made you happy, that I wanted you to be happy. Strangely, I'm not even sad about this arrangement." 

"Good, cause I want her to marry me."

Lydia jolted. "What?"

"If you'll have me." He murmured. 

"Oh!" She blushed. "Um, Gingy already has me a dress."

"Would you let me be the best man?" Bradly grinned. 

"You're my brother; of course you're my best man." Darguni grinned. 

"I... have a strangely pressing question." Lydia blushed.

"What, love?" Darguni rubbed his chin on her head. 

"Uh, so about those threesomes?" 

Both men cackled. "I think we can still have those." Darguni snorted. 

"Just not tonight, I'm freaking exhausted." She groaned.

The next day, Bradly knocked on the door and waited. 

"Oh! Come in." Bryan blushed. 

"I thought I should tell you..." Bradly stepped in and looked around. "I had a talk with Lydia last night."

Bryan went back to putting away dishes. "And?"

"Well," He scratched the back of his head. "She's marrying Darguni." 

Bryan stared at Bradly as the plate shattered on the floor. 

"I know, right?" Bradly started picking up the pieces. "It's a little weird, because we've all sort of agreed to still have sex with each other, but that me and her? Don't "love" each other the way we probably should. I've already been spending most of my time with you... now it's just kind of official." 

"Oh, I'm so sorry... I know how much--"

"No." He shook his head. "No, don't. I loved the idea of her. But I didn't give myself to her."

Blushing, Bryan dumped the last bit of the plate into the basket. "So, what does that mean...?"

"Technically, I still feel like I'm attracted to women, but I'd spent so much of my time on Lydia, I fail to see any other woman in such a way. I was hoping that... you'd let me figure out our relationship."

"I'd very much like that." 

"Good." Bradly tugged Bryan into his embrace. "Because I rather like what we have going. Though..." He ran his fingers through Bryan's hair. "I have to ask if you mind the weird little sexual arrangement the other two have."

"No. Of course not, I've been benefitting from it." He laughed. 

"Cool." He brushed his lips against Bryan's. "So... what do you want to do today?"