 He blinked at the living room. 

"Darguni?" Lydia whispered. 

"Oh, my love! You're back!"

"Thank you."

"Anything." He hugged her tightly. 

"Oh, your mother!" 

Darguni bolted up. "Mother!" Gently, he lifted her head. "She used up too much energy I HAVE to get her to the training yard."

"I can walk on my own. We have to help her." Lydia climbed off the couch. 

Darguni scooped Elunara into his arms. Together, they made their way to the training yard. Standing on the platform, he held up his mother's body. "EVERYONE! ELUNARA JUST USED UP A MASSIVE STORE OF ENERGY TRYING TO SAVE MY WIFE. PLEASE, HELP HER!" He bellowed. Carefully, he laid her down on the platform. 

Soon, everyone in the yard took their turns laying their hands on Elunara's body, offering up a piece of themselves. 

"It's always so fascinating to watch how many people offer themselves to her." Lydia blinked.

"Where is she?"

Darguni moved out of the way and let Varian through. 

Varian stooped down and ran his fingers through Elunara's hair. Jordan and Grogek held their hands on her from below. 

Elunara groaned. "Lydia?"

"You've brought her back, Momma." Darguni laid his hands on her leg. 

"Thank you for saving me... again." 

"Ah, good. I'm going to just sleep here for a bit." She went back out. 

"I'll go get her a pillow." Bradly took off running. 

"How are you feeling?" Varian asked quietly.

"Tired." Lydia whimpered. "Just so damned tired."

Varian sighed. "You both may as well be my own children." 

"What?" 

"I don't repeat myself." He ran his hand down Lydia's back and kissed her head. "All I want is for you to be well. If... If you need me for any reason, I'll be there." Varian stood up and nodded to Darguni. "Take care of her." He marched off.

Darguni and Lydia just stared at Varian's retreating form. 

"Did you ever want siblings?"

Anduin blinked. "Father?"

Varian sighed and tapped his fingers. "I missed SO much of your childhood. I just wondered if you wanted siblings."

"Sometimes." Anduin said quietly. "But I knew it was impossible. I didn't have many friends, because I was under lock and key, but it is what it is. Why are you asking this now?"

"Because I've come to accept that Elunara's children are as much my own as anything else. It breaks my heart to know what happened to Lydia." He sighed and scrubbed his hands over his face. "I've watched them grow up, in a way that I barely had with you."

Anduin tapped his fingers on the windowsill. "I understand." 

"What?"

"I... understand. I mean, I harbored so much resentment and jealousy towards that woman and her kids... But once I got to know all of them, they became a family to me in a way I can't even explain. I guess I can see them as my siblings." Anduin raked his fingers through his hair. "I would have helped her; if only I knew how." 

Darguni sat on the platform, his sleeping mother to his side, his wife curled up in his lap. He sighed and ran his hand down Lydia's back. At least now she was sleeping, and not locked in her own head.

"Should we take her home?" Susan ran a hand on Elunara's hair. 

"She needs to be out here, where she can absorb all that people are willing to give her." 

"Can I hold the baby?" Lydia mumbled.

"Yes, of course." Susan plucked Tilly out of the stroller and passed her to Lydia.

Lydia smiled. "She helps." 

"Does she?"

"I can't explain it." Lydia shook her head. "Maybe I should have my own." 

Darguni froze. "You mean it?" He whispered. 

"Maybe." Lydia closed her eyes again. 

Susan put a hand to her mouth. "Gods, that's beautiful." 

He brushed Lydia's hair out of her face. "She's asleep again."

"How is she?"

Darguni sighed. "She's not trapped in her own head any more, but she's just so tired." 

Grogek frowned. "Well, if she really does have your mother's energy absorption, then you're doing the best thing for her." He patted Darguni's arm.

"Papa?"

He blinked at Darguni. "Yes?"

"She... well, one of the moments she was awake... she might consider having children."

Grogek grinned. "Good." 

Lydia woke up gasping for air. In the middle of the night, weeks later, they lay curled together.

Darguni tugged her closer. "Shh, shh, I'm here, Baby."

"So thirsty." She whimpered.

He sat up and got the cup off of the bed stand. "Here, drink this."

She chugged the glass. 

"Do you want more?"

She shook her head, but twirled the glass in her hand. "Why don't you make love to me anymore?"

"Because I don't want to frighten you." He rubbed his chin on her head. "I want to wait until you feel up to it."

"I want it now." She whispered. 

He took the glass from her. "You have to tell me if I do anything to upset you."

"Just love me." 

Lydia sat on the platform and shivered. Her eyes tracked Darguni, and she had no desire to do anything but.

Elunara sighed. "We may have broken her free, but she still hurts." 

"What can we do?" Jordan frowned. 

"I have an idea."

"Lydia."

She blinked up. "Yeah?"

"You're coming with me."

"Oh, but--"

"Darguni will be along as soon as he finishes." Elunara held out her hand. 

Lydia took it. Together, they walked hand in hand. "I've been considering having a baby."

"Why?"

"Because of how good it feels to hold Tilly."

"That should never be your only consideration. Children are a lot of damned work. Granted, in our family, you have lots of help... but they can still be exhausting. I will freely admit though, my son made a nice little battery for me." 

"Hm." Lydia looked around. Seeing the direction they were going, she began to panic. 

Elunara's grip was like iron. "You have to do it eventually. Do not let your trauma prevent you from the thing you enjoy the most." 

"But!"

"Come sing with me, my daughter."

Lydia whimpered all the way to the top of the stage. She stared down at the trapdoor. 

Elunara took both of Lydia's hands. "Look at me. Look to me. We are above the situation. You need to rise above the situation. Now, sing with me, my love. We haven't gotten a chance to sing together since you well and truly became my daughter."

"I..."

Elunara began to sing. Soon, Lydia began to sing, and before long they were both caught in the melody. "Remember when you were a kid, and they called you a deformed boy, so I set up that miraculous concert?"

"It was the best moment of my life." Lydia whispered. "Varian gave me flowers, and Anduin kissed my hand." She blushed. 

"Just sing, my darling." Elunara brushed her fingers through Lydia's hair, before once again erupting into song. 

Together, they began to sing and dance. They went through the full complement of songs they both knew; Taking turns with male and female parts. As they sang, the amphitheater began to fill with people. Understanding what Elunara had done to Lydia's body, Lydia felt the people, more than saw them. The power of their energy lifted her heart. She was fascinated to discover that she could pinpoint exactly which one was Darguni. Bradly was more faint, but it was still there.

"My girl!" Elunara gasped. "Look at you!"

Lydia held her hands up. "Oh, you!"

"I'm not doing that!"

"You..." Lydia looked back at her glowing wings. "THIS IS ME?"

"That's YOU, my little love!" Elunara put her hands to her mouth. "You are truly my daughter." Embracing Lydia, tears streamed down her face. 

"I can feel them, momma." Lydia whispered. "I can feel their energy." Stepping back, Lydia leaned her head back and began to sing a song of her own invention. Her hands went out and the glow covered her body. Soon the energy began to roll down, like glittering jewels, it sparkled on the stage. 

Darguni left his seat and took off. By time she finished, he wrapped his arms around her. "You're back! My beautiful angel is back!" 

She laughed. "I suppose I am."

He held her face. "It's so good to hear you laugh again. To SING again!" He wrapped his arms around her.

"Sweetheart, I have to breathe." 

Scooping her up, he turned around. "Uh, I'm stealing the star of the show... bye!" He took off jogging.

Elunara put a hand to her mouth and snorted. "Well, we won't see THEM for the rest of the day. So, I guess I'll just keep you entertained instead." She winked. 

Gently, he laid her in the bed. "I've missed you so much." He whimpered, as he climbed over her. 

"I'm sorry."

"No! No, never apologize." He put his forehead to hers. "Never for that."

"It seems that Elunara has fixed me yet again." She wrapped her arms around his neck. "Please... please make love to me." 

"That was my intent." He tugged her shirt over her head and tossed it to the side. 

"You know, I've given serious consideration..." 

"Hm?" He yanked his own shirt off. 

"I kind of want a baby."

He froze at pulling his pants down. "Seriously?" He squeaked.

"Yeah." She nodded. "Seriously." 

Cupping her face, he brushed his mouth over hers. "Oh, gods, you've just made me so happy." He whispered. 

She cocked her head to the side. "I guess it means that if we keep up the threesomes, we'll have to make sure Bradly takes the stuff... cause I didn't agree to getting pregnant by him."

Darguni laughed. "You are SO very back." He rubbed his forehead against hers. "I guess we might as well get started."

"Didn't Elunara say it takes about five days to get the stuff out of your system?"

"Yeah, but that doesn't mean we can't practice." He grinned. Yanking off his pants, he tossed them into the floor, before tugging her skirt off. Running his hands over her body, he tried to ignore the anger those scars caused him. 

She shifted under his attention. "I know you see them." She whispered.

"I'm so sorry." 

"They are a part of me now." She sighed. "At least I match Elunara." She laughed. "She accepted me as her true daughter. That's what she said." Lydia gestured to her body. "I am like her."

"Baby..."

"Up until earlier... I wanted to die."

"Baby!" He cuddled her into his arms. 

"Before, I was broken, and you both went through so much to save me, but I thought... I thought that if I didn't have you, I would kill myself. I need you, and I felt that I would spend my every waking moment dependant on you." She rubbed her cheek on his chest. "But then, Elunara took me down there... made me face the fear, made me understand how strong I am. You and Elunara brought me to the surface; the music helped me break free. Suddenly, I understand so much. She and I are linked, now and forever." Lydia stared at her hand. "The scars on my body were just a constant reminder of the terror. Now, they're kind of beautiful. I am alive to have scars. That's what I learned from her."

"Oh, Lydia." He whispered. 

"Make love to me, my husband. I still need you."

Softly, he kissed his way across those scars and made his way down to her soft curls. He ran his fingers across and slipped slowly inside, watching her writhe under his attentions. Slowly, he pumped his finger in and out of her, enjoying just watching her. He tugged his finger free and licked it, before burying his tongue into that waiting wetness. He ran his tongue everywhere, careful to not leave a tiny spot untouched. When she was half wild with it, he shifted up and slipped into her. 

"Mine." He whispered. "No one will take you from me again." He slipped his arm under her head, and grabbed her hip with the other. Capturing her mouth, he began to slide in and out. "My wife, my life."