 Sighing, Lydia wandered the city, debating on what to do about her latest predicament. She hadn't told anyone about the twins yet, because she was still coming to grips with it herself.

Grogek sighed as he made his way into the house for a clean shirt. He just wasn't himself today; his mind was racing with all of the options they had. Susan didn't have near the difficult pregnancy that Elunara had had, but twins were a different discussion. He hoped her tiny body could support two. Once he was cleaned up, he headed out. Spotting Lydia, he grinned. Now, grandchildren... that was something else entirely.

"Come on, Dageeri. That's the way, old girl." The Draenei farmer patted the elekk on her side. "Let's get you hooked up, and we'll head out." The Elekk shook her head over and over, tugging at the harness with her trunk. "What's wrong with you?" He tugged at the harness, trying to figure out what was plaguing his animal. Without warning, she trumpeted and bolted. "NO!" He yelled. "RUN AWAY ELEKK!" He screamed, as he chased her down.

Grogek spotted the Elekk and followed its path. Bolting, he charged at Lydia. Lydia was rubbing her belly, singing, and missed the commotion. Darguni and Elunara heard Lydia's scream and Grogek's roar of pain. Both dropped what they were doing and ran. 

Lydia skidded across the soft grass. Looking up, she jumped and ran over to Grogek, dropping down beside him. 

"Are you alright?" He gasped.

"Yes, father." She laid her hands on his chest. "How are you hurt?"

Elunara dropped down. "GROGEK!" 

"What happened?" Darguni wrapped his arms around Lydia. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" The farmer ran down. "Something happened to Dageeri, and she just went nuts!" He winced. "I wish you hadn't punch her." He ran his hands on his unconscious Elekk.

"Always hated Elekks." Grogek grunted as he sat up. "Your stupid pet almost trampled a pregnant woman." 

"Grogek, your leg is completely shattered." Elunara bit down on her emotions and ran her hand over it. "We need to get you to Ina, this is beyond me."

Lydia stood up and put her hands on the animal. "Huh." 

"What, baby?" Darguni helped his father to stand. 

"I can feel..." Lydia ran her hands along the harness, before yanking it to the side. "Well, that's nasty." 

Elunara glared. "YOU USE A SPIKE COLLAR?"

"NO!" The man gasped. "I'd never!!"

"Momma, don't kill him. It's not even attached." Lydia pulled it loose. "I only see the one hole." She ran her hand along the band. "It looks like a terrible accident." 

"Take the beast to Jim at the stables. He'll fix your Elekk." Darguni nodded.

"Come on, Sugarbear, let's get you to Ina." Elunara and Darguni supported Grogek, as they made their way to the healer building. Lydia gave directions to the man, before following after her family. 

The rest of the city quickly heard what happened, and the door became crowded. Jordan shoved his way through. "I've heard most of it, but..."

"Grogek's leg is just shattered to hell." Elunara sighed. "I'm helping Ina to set it, but, like my ankle, it's going to take awhile to heal. Probably weeks. This is far beyond Bradly's arm, and that took two and a half weeks." 

Jordan raked his fingers through his hair "Shit. This is going to fuck up training." 

"Darguni can handle it." Grogek snorted. 

Everyone froze and stared at Darguni, who looked like he'd been punched in the face. "Me?" He squeaked. 

"You're ready to take over for me until I'm healed." Grogek shrugged. 

"I... I'll do you proud." Darguni straighten up and nodded. 

The next day, Grogek sat on the bed, his arms crossed. "I do NOT want to sit around the house all day."

Susan giggled. "Aw, but you could keep me company."

Elunara leaned against Grogek. "Would you like my recommendation?"

"What is it?"

"Today, go to the yard, sit with me, and stand, figuratively of course, behind your decision to give the yard to your son. Then, take a few days off, and let him fly solo. Backing away, will show your support more effectively than hanging over his shoulder." 

He nodded. "Your words are wise, as always." 

"What's he doing?" Jordan leaned against the doorframe. 

"We're taking him down to the yard today." Elunara grinned. 

Grogek got comfortable on the platform. "Well, it's not the first time I've just stood and watched." 

"Sir?"

"Yes, Tabitha?"

"Do... you need anything?" 

He shook his head. "My family has it." He nodded. "You damned well better listen to my son."

"Of course." She stiffened her back and walked over to Darguni. 

Elunara watched the woman. "Interesting."

Grogek frowned. "She's accelerating, isn't she?"

"No. She's trying to figure herself out." 

"Ah." 

Lydia put her hands on Grogek's shoulders and leaned forward. "Do you need anything?"

"No, I'm good." He patted her hand. "I remember that you called me father."

She blushed. "I guess I did." Looking out, she grinned. "Darguni is looking vaguely uncomfortable, but he hides it well."

Grogek chuckled. "I'm fascinated that you notice."

"Well," Lydia blushed. "I..." 

He patted her hand again. "Love." Was all he said.

"You know what else is fascinating?" Elunara grinned. 

"I'm on pins and needles, love." Grogek snorted. 

"Lydia is pouring energy into you. I can feel it."

Lydia jerked her hands up. 

Elunara laughed. "Sweetheart, don't stop, you're helping me heal his leg just that much faster." 

"Oh!" Lydia put her hands back on his shoulders. 

"You have no skill with it, so I'm helping to direct it. It's not much, but every little bit gets him walking faster." 

"Fascinating." She leaned against Grogek's back. "Can you train me in it?"

"Right now. Close your eyes, like I taught you, and find the energy within you. Feel your hands, feel his body beneath you, and trace that line." 

"I feel it." She breathed. She looked at Elunara in awe. 

"We can work with that." Elunara winked. 

Grogek chuckled and patted Lydia's hand. "You are your mother's daughter." 

Lydia wrapped her arms around his neck and knelt behind him. "I love you." She whispered. 

He blinked at her. "I love you too, my daughter." 

Elunara blinked. "Holy shit, kid. That was a hell of an energy shot." She ran her hand over Grogek's leg. 

Once he could reasonably step away, Darguni made his way to the platform. "What was I missing?" He ran his hand down Lydia's back.

"Lydia can heal." Elunara grinned. "Oh, and some father/daughter bonding." She waved her hand. "That kind of thing." She winked. 

Darguni's eyebrows shot up. "Really?" He tugged Lydia free and cuddled her into his arms. "Sweetheart, why are you crying?"

"I don't know." She sniffled. 

"She's pregnant. Her emotions are higher on the surface." Elunara grinned. 

"Don't I know it?" Susan parked the stroller and sat beside Elunara. 

Grogek reached over and stroked her belly. "How are you today?"

"Coming along." Susan sighed. "I'm going to be twice the size, aren't I?"

Elunara shrugged. "Jenny had two, and no one knew it until they popped out of her." 

"Well, that's sort of comforting." Susan put her hand over Grogek's. "Why couldn't they have waited a couple of years to pop up?" She sighed.

"Probably because when your body kick started for Tilly, it unlocked the rest of the ability." Elunara shifted around so she could lean against Grogek's back. "Since none of us expected it, I didn't think to have you take the preventative. I'm sorry." She sighed.

"It's not your fault." Susan shifted over to Grogek. "You know, if you're going to hang out here, you should sit center, so we can both have you." She kissed his cheek. 

He tugged her over and made better work of kissing her. Once he released her, he grinned. "I intend to follow advice, and spend a fair amount of time at home, pretending I like being tended to." 

Susan giggled. "That should be interesting for a few days."

"You are?" Darguni squeaked, before clearing his throat. "Well, if that's the advice." He said in a normal tone.

Grogek reached down and put his hand on Darguni's shoulder. "You're doing a good job, son. Now get back out there before I smack you." 

After giving Lydia another cuddle and a kiss, he tucked her back on the platform and headed back into the yard. 

She giggled and mimicked Elunara, leaning her back against Grogek. "Does this work?"

Elunara nodded. "This works plenty."

"Come on! Come on, Bradly, I want to show you!" Bryan tugged on Bradly's arm. 

Bradly chuckled. "Is this going to be like the last time you blindfolded me?"

"No! Well, maybe." Bryan giggled. He shoved Bradly into his house and yanked the blindfold off. "TADA!" 

Bradly's eyes went wide and his mouth dropped open. It was a life sized marble statue of him in a reclining pose, completely naked, dick hard, and hand on his balls. 

"Isn't it fabulous?" Bryan clapped his hands together. 

"It's... It's... Um..."

"You don't like it?" His face fell.

"I'm just trying to figure out where I'm supposed to put it..." 

"Oh!" Bryan put his hands on his hips. "Hm, I didn't think that far ahead."

Bradly walked around it and examined the creation. "It's very... accurate." 

"I did it mostly on feel." Bryan blushed. "Anyway, I guess it could stay here. When we get a place together... well I already have a place, so I guess when you move out, it would be here anyway."

"Wait, what? Uhh, we haven't... gotten that far." He said weakly. 

"Oh." Bryan swallowed and frowned. "I'm... sorry?"

"One thing at a time, I'm still stuck on this..." He put his hand on the knee of the statue. "Marvelous thing here." 

"You like it?" Bryan practically bounced.

"Sure, let me show my appreciation." Bradly grinned. 

Later at night, Bradly found his way home. Seeing his mother sitting on the couch, he flung himself into her lap. 

Blinking down at Bradly, she sat her board to the side. "You haven't done this since you were twelve."

"What am I supposed to do with a six foot long statue of myself jacking off?"

She choked. "WHAT?" 

"Bryan made a big ass statue of me out of marble." He shuddered. "It's ridiculously accurate."

"Ok, I have to see this thing."

"Where's Grogek?"

"Soaking in the tub while I did a commission. Hold on, I'm telling him where I'm going." She got up and disappeared into the back, while Bradly wallowed on the couch. 

Darguni jogged down stairs and blinked at Bradly. "What's up with you?"

"Hey, while you're busy at the yard... do you mind if I take Lydia on a picnic?"

"Sure, knock yourself out. She'd probably love it." He went digging. "She got a craving for some fruit." He winked.

At Grogek's bark of laughter, Bradly groaned.

"What's that about?" Darguni jerked his head.

"Bryan made a six foot statue of me jacking off. I'm sure mother's told him already."

Darguni choked. "Oh, GODS, man!"

"Kill me." Bradly sighed. "Anyway, I figured while you're distracted, I'd work a little on the relationship..."

"Knock yourself out." Darguni shrugged. "I'd do her some good to pull her mind away from the twins." As he jogged back up the stairs with his prizes, he snorted. "Hell, it'd do ME some good."

Standing in Bryan's apartment, Elunara held her hand over her mouth, struggling to suppress the giggle fit. When she was finally able to tamp it down, she put her hands on her hips. "I'll be damned, Bryan. I am thoroughly impressed." She walked around the statue. "Your commitment to detail is above par."

"You mean it?" Bryan clasped his hands together.

Bradly just groaned. "Mom!"

"I'm serious!" She bent over for further inspection. "The amount of detail that went into this is amazing." She ran her hand up the penis. "Realistic feel; and you carved this?" She looked back. 

"All by hand." Bryan blushed. "I kind of... felt it out as I went."

"Not that I've actually seen him like this, but I've seen more than enough dicks, let me tell you. Even the texturing on the balls is amazing."

"MOTHER!"

"Oh, hush Bradly. You know what I mean."

"I do not want my MOTHER analyzing my JUNK."

She put her hands on her hips. "I've never understood why, when describing their package, men go for the term "Junk". I mean, you're proud of them every other time in the world, why throw em away when you're embarrassed?"

"Fine." Bradly growled. "I don't want my mother analyzing my PACKAGE."

"Better. But, lose the attitude. This was a work made out of love and dedication. It's nothing short of miraculous."

Bryan preened under the praise. "Thank you!"

"I mean, your drawings are pretty good, this, THIS! This is your real calling." She gestured to the statue. Once again, she ran her hand over the dick. "Even in the base, towards the hand, you don't lose that detail. It's incredible."

"MOTHER!"

"Oh, stop. Gods, you're as bad as Darguni when I did the cast mold, and I actually had to HANDLE him."

Bradly smacked a hand to his face. "Why am I NOT surprised that Darguni had his dick cast molded?"