 Darguni sat on the hill, Lydia sleeping in his lap, her arms wrapped around her growing belly. Placing his hand on her belly, he blinked. "Is that so, little one?" He whispered, grinning like a loon. With gentle care, he tugged up Lydia's skirt, and slipped his fingers through the soft hairs, to the folds beneath. 

She gasped and grabbed at his arm. "You!"

He chuckled. "Can I not play with my wife?" He slipped a finger into her wet center.

She groaned. "I don't know, I might make you stop... in about an hour." 

He slipped a second finger in with a groan. "Ah, you got wet quick." 

Shifting, she tugged him free of his pants. "Hm, I wonder how long you've been hard." She licked the length of him.

"Oh, Gods, Baby." He buried his fingers in her hair. 

Slipping her mouth over the tip, she began to work her way down with sucking movements. When he shifted his hand out of her, she moved off. "Don't stop." She groaned, before slipping back down over him. 

He buried his fingers back into her and began to pump in and out of her. His other hand went back and crushed into the grass. She shifted against his hand and groaned against his dick, as she began to rapidly slide up and down, desperate to take him all in. 

When she clamped down on his fingers, he groaned. "Baby, I'm gonna..."

She shifted and tried to take him in all at once. When he near exploded in her mouth, she began to choke. 

He grabbed her up and began to pound on her back. "Baby, you've got to stop doing that. You're going to hurt yourself." 

She coughed everything up. "Gah! Dammit, I want to." 

"But, why?" He brushed her hair out of her face. "I don't like to see you struggle." 

She wiped her mouth and blushed. "It's silly."

"It's me." He brushed her hair out of her face. 

"Because..." She curled up in his lap. "Well, in your mother's book..." Blushing deeply, she ran her fingers on his chest. "Well, swallowing is supposed to be very important. Even she only does it for three people." 

Chuckling, he buried his face in her hair. "Ok, maybe it's a little silly."

"See." She muttered. 

"I appreciate it, my love, but I'm more concerned with your enjoyment than my own. It's not very fun for me if you near choke to death every time."

"But..."

"Why don't you ask her for tips?" He shrugged. 

"Hm." She cuddled against him. "Speaking of your dick, where did the other cast mold of you go?" Looking up, she got concerned when she saw the muscle in his jaw twitch. "My love?" 

He sighed and ran his hands down her body. "I... followed you the day that Tara confronted you. I heard what she said about my child." His hand rubbed her belly. "So I took it to her, and told her that if she was so fucking obsessed with my dick, that she could have the damned thing." He snorted. 

"Oh." Lydia rubbed her hand on his thigh. "Probably for the best."

Eyeing her, he grinned. "So, why were you after it?"

She went crimson. "Practice."

"Mhm..." He slipped his hand under her skirt. "I can always get momma to make me a new one." 

"Maybe." 

Finding the soft hairs, he slipped his fingers lower, to the slick folds. "Meanwhile..." He pushed her back into the soft grass, holding himself above her. "I'm going to make love to my wife." He whispered, before brushing his lips against hers. 

Holding her arms up, she wrapped her hands around his neck. With one hand, he pushed her skirt up, before pulling himself free of his pants. Scooping his hips down, he slid himself into her wet heat. Going up on his knees, he pulled her ass into his lap, wrapping his hands around her belly. 

With a moan, Lydia raised her arms above her head in the soft grass, arching her back. Gently, he bucked his hips, sliding himself in and out of her with a groan. Tugging one hip, he turned her on her side and tucked her leg between his. He kissed her ankle as he began to drive himself in and out of her. Her fingers dug into grass as she groaned. By time she clamped around him, she was gasping with it. Enjoying the feel of her, he filled her. 

He pushed her on her back and put both of his hands on either side of her head, grinning down at her. "I felt one."

"Huh?" She shoved her hair out of her face. 

"While you were napping, I felt one." He ran his hand over her belly.

"Oh!" She ran her hands over her belly. "Hm, I can feel one too." 

"Really?" He scooted down and laid his head gently on her belly, his ear pressed against the fabric of her shirt. 

Laughing, she tugged her shirt up and let him press against her skin. "Let's see if I can do what Elunara taught me." Closing her eyes, she tried to focus the energy in her palms. Tracing what she felt, she smiled. 

"I feel one!" 

"That would be your son." She whispered. "Our little girl is over here." She ran her hand on her side.

"Really?" He gasped. Darguni was practically bouncing with excitement. "Hi!" He ran his hand over the spot. "I'm your daddy! I can't wait until you can come out and meet everyone. You're going to be my big strong boy, I just know it." Shifting over, he ran his hand where Lydia indicated. "I'm not forgetting you, my little girl. I bet you'll be beautiful like your momma." 

She giggled at him. 

"What?"

"You're adorable." 

He scooted up and tugged her close. "My family." He whispered. Standing, he scooped her up. 

"What are you doing?" She blinked.

"I want to show papa!" He took off running while she laughed.

As they made it in the door Lydia put a hand to her mouth. "Geez, don't run so fast."

"Do you need to go in back?"

"Ugh, no. I'm just nauseous."

"What have I told you about shaking a pregnant lady?" Elunara eyed Darguni over her board. 

"Sorry, Momma, I just wanted to share..."

"Share what?" Her eyebrow shot up.

Lydia laughed. "Well, first the fact that you can feel them now. Second would be, I can tell you which is which." 

Darguni carefully sat her on the couch, before sitting in the floor and laying his head on her belly. 

"And the fact he won't stop doing that." Lydia giggled.

"But, it's so cool!" 

Grogek and Elunara grinned at each other, as she switched out her sheets and began to draw them. 

"If you put your hand here..." Lydia pointed. "You can feel the boy." 

Grogek laid his hand on her belly. "Fascinating."

"You have to reach all the way over here for the girl." She pointed. 

"Hm, she's quieter." 

"That she is." Lydia laughed. "Where is Susan?"

"On her walk with Tina and Tilly."

"How is THAT going?" Darguni frowned. 

"Tina is acting much better since her scare. I think she finally realized how young she actually is." Grogek sighed.

Elunara rubbed his arm. 

"How's your leg coming?" Lydia leaned against him and tried to focus her energy.

"Getting there." Grogek grumbled. "I am so sick of this house."

Elunara giggled. "I think we'll visit the yard tomorrow. Just so grumpy here can get some son." She winked at her pun.

"That'd be cool." Darguni was refusing to move from his spot. "I kind of wish I had a singing voice." He snorted. 

Grogek and Elunara shared another grin. 

Lydia put her hand on Darguni's head and began to sing. He put his hand on her belly. "Mine." He whispered. 

A couple of months later, Lydia wiggled in the bed. She struggled and wiggled and whined. "Gods, fuck it all." She muttered. She tried to claw at the bed stand, but couldn't get good enough purchase. "Come on..." She growled. In the last couple of months her belly had near exploded in size. Cussing and swearing, she tried to roll on her side. What had possessed her to send Darguni out already? Giving up, she wobbled back into place. 

"ELUNARA!" She cried. What was that woman's schedule today? Lydia raked her hands through her hair. "ELUNARA!" Gods, she desperately had to pee. "SOMEBODY! ANYBODY!!?" Whimpering, she tried once again to roll over on her side. 

"Work with me, damn you both!" She yelled at her belly. A horrible thought occurred to her. What if no one knew she was up here? "Somebody help me." She whimpered. 

"Hey, Darguni, where's your wife?" Elunara frowned. 

"Oh, she wanted to sleep in; said she didn't sleep well last night." He rubbed the back of his neck. "It's getting more difficult for her to get comfortable." He eyed his father bitching out one of his trainees. "I should wake her up, she needs the sun."

"At this point, she should NOT be by herself. Go fetch her."

"You really shouldn't have left her in the bed." Susan shook her head. "Tired or no, it's a pain in the ass to get out of bed now."

"Ugh, you're right." He sighed. "I'll go get her." 

Jogging into the house he frowned. Something was off but he couldn't...

"HELP ME!!" She screamed. 

He made it upstairs in record time. "What's wrong? Is it the babies?" He stooped down.

Clinging to his neck she tried to pull out of the bed. 

"Baby, speak to me." He whimpered.

"I peed on myself." She cried.

"Oh, Gods, I'm so sorry." He pulled her out of the bed. "I should have thought about you being trapped in here." 

Once he had her and the bed cleaned up, he cuddled her into his lap. "I'm not leaving you alone again. Sleepy or not." 

"I shoulda thought about it." She sniffled. 

"Come on; let's get you in the sun." 

Lydia sighed as Darguni sat her by Susan. 

Elunara put her hands on both women and concentrated. "With any luck, you two will make it to your eighth month. You're both already ahead of the game." 

"Ugh." Susan wiggled. "I can't decide if this is any better." She cuddled Tilly. "It's already difficult to hold my child." Freezing, she turned to Elunara. "HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO NURSE THREE?"

"She's over a year, and primarily on solids. She'll be fine. If worse comes to worse, I can alter my body, AGAIN." Elunara sighed. 

Lydia put her hand on Susan's shoulder. "We'll all be figuring this out together." She kissed Susan's cheek.

Susan laughed. "You're just like your mother... strangely affectionate." 

She giggled. "Well, I have wanted to be in this family since I was eight." 

Both women jolted at the same time.

"Ow." Lydia whimpered.

"Aw, fuck." Susan swore.

Elunara blinked. "You never swear." Putting her hands on both women, she sighed. "Aw, fuck is right." She stood up. "DADDIES, YOU ARE NEEDED!" She called. 

"Seriously? At the same time?"

Elunara plucked Tilly from Susan's arms and shoved her at Gerald. "Here, hold this and follow behind." 

"Hey, WAIT!"

"YOU CAN HANDLE HER!"

Darguni grabbed Lydia, and Grogek grabbed Susan. Elunara ran between both, challenging energy into the laboring women. 

"Did you two twits have to go into labor at the same damned time?" Elunara sighed. "There's only one of me..." 

"YOU TELL THAT TO THESE TWO!" Susan yelled. 

Lydia whimpered and curled up in Darguni's arms. 

"Lydia, try to do the energy thing I showed you. I know it's hard, but you've got to try. If you can do it, then I can focus on Susan. Relax, go with the pain, and concentrate."

"I'll try." Lydia gasped. When the pain abated a little, she began to focus her energy on her belly, easing the next rolling cramp. "I think I can do it, momma."

"Good girl. Keep doing that, and I'll get to you as soon as I've dealt with Susan." 

"Yes, Momma." 

Darguni gently placed Lydia down on the bed and took her hand. "I'm here, baby." 

Elunara followed Susan into the next room. 

"Gods, put me out already!" Susan whimpered. 

"I am, I am." She tapped Susan on the forehead and made her cuts. She passed the first baby to Grogek. "There's your newest daughter." She grinned. 

Grogek cuddled the infant. "Love..."

"Yeah?"

"There are no fangs on her." 

Elunara peered over. "Huh." Going back to her task, she tugged the next baby free. "Interesting to find that your newest son has both of his fangs." She passed the infant over. "Help me seal her, Ina." 

"On it." 

Grogek stood and enjoyed cuddling his two newest babies in his arms while Elunara worked. Their task complete, Elunara brought Susan out. "Sorry my loves, I have to help Lydia next!" She bolted from the room and dove into the other.

"I'm doing it, Momma." Lydia marveled. "I'm making the pain go away." She breathed.

"That's my good girl." Elunara brushed her hair back. "I'm going to put you out, ok?"

"I'm prepared." She nodded.

Elunara tapped on Lydia's forehead and summoned her freshly cleaned dagger. "I'm cutting her open." 

"Alright." Darguni clung to Lydia's hand. 

Elunara made her cuts. "Boy's coming out first." 

Darguni moved down and held out his arms. Ina tossed a blanket into Darguni's arms, and Elunara transferred the child over. "He has a fang!" Darguni gasped. "Same as mine. Same side and everything!" 

"Fascinating." Elunara continued her work without looking up. "Little girl is tinier. By a fair margin." She frowned.

"Momma..."

The pain in Darguni's voice made her jerk up. "What?"

"What's wrong with his leg?"

"I... Shit. I need to get the girl out first." She ducked back down. 

"Let me see him." Ina reached up. Darguni transferred his son into the waiting dwarf's arms, a moment before Elunara passed him the girl. He scooped her up and cuddled the newborn to his chest. Cautious, he examined the girl and was relieved to find she looked normal. Tiny, and with an opposite fang.

"Can... you do anything?" Ina laid the baby on the table.

"Let's seal Lydia and then I'll do what I can." She sighed. 

Darguni made his way to the table and frowned down at his son. One leg was smaller than the other, and twisted strange. After laying his daughter down, he carefully scooped the tiny newborn into his arms and cuddled the child to him. "No matter what, you'll always be my son." He whispered. 

"Darguni?" Lydia moaned. 

He scooped the girl up and made his way over. "Look, our babies." He grinned and tucked them into her lap. 

"Why is she so much smaller?" Lydia rubbed her fingers on the girl's cheek.

"I think she got more human than orc in her." Elunara shrugged. "Let me see the boy."

"I'm not done holding them." Lydia stuck her tongue out. "Besides, I figured I should name them first." She brushed her cheek on the girl's forehead. "My little Lily. I think the name fits. You're so tiny and delicate." She ran her finger over the fang. "Oh, well." 

He tugged Lily up. "My sweet, tiny girl. Lily will be perfect for you."

Laughing, she turned her attention to the boy. "Now you..." She lifted him and kissed his forehead. "You're my big, strong one. I like... Dargek." She smiled up at the stunned Darguni. "You like?"

"I love it." He whispered. Running his hand over Lydia's head, he kissed her, soft and slow.

The blanket around Dargek fell and she went to adjust it. She froze. "What?"

"Give me the boy." Elunara held her hands out. 

"NO!" Lydia clung to him. "NO!" She tried to scramble back, tears streaming down her face. Both children went into hysterics at the sound of her. "NO!" She wailed. "This is all my fault!" She clung to the baby as she panicked. 

Darguni did his best to grab at Lydia without crushing his child. He finally passed Lily down to Ina and wrapped his arms around Lydia. "Please, baby. Please stop! Don't reject our son!" He pleaded. 

"No!" She whispered in horror. "No, he's mine. Don't take him." She whimpered. 

"I'm not trying to take him." Elunara put her hands on Lydia's leg. "I'm trying to heal him, baby. Remember, how I healed yours? I need to try with him."

Shaking all over, Lydia held out the child. Even as Elunara tried to take him, Lydia clung to him. Elunara began the pry the girl's fingers off the child. 

"I'm just taking him right here where you can see." Elunara laid the child on the table and began to concentrate. 

Lydia curled into herself and began to weep. "I'm so, so sorry." She cried. "This is all my fault. I did this. Please don't hate me." She whimpered.

"Baby, I could never hate you." He rocked her back and forth. "There is no fault here. Just as your parents were not at fault for your birth, you're not at fault for his. We'll make the most of it." 

"Well, I've straightened it a little, and brought it down some, but..." Elunara sighed and raked her fingers through her hair. "I'll heal him as he grows, we'll try to keep it on the right path, but it might always be a little... off." 

Lydia began to weep uncontrollably. Ina tucked Lily into Lydia's arms and quietly left the room. Elunara followed suit with Dargek, and wrapped her arms around Lydia. 

"It'll be ok, my lovely. We'll make it ok." Elunara kissed her temple. "I have to go see my husband and sister now, ok?" Lydia held her children and curled up against Darguni. Darguni nodded to his mother and buried his face in his wife's hair. 

Once outside the room, and the door closed behind her, Elunara slid to the floor and began to cry. 

Ina wrapped her arms around Elunara's neck. "It's so much worse when it's your own children." She whispered.

Elunara nodded. "I can't... I can't cure that kind of pain." 

"Aye, you can... it's just harder to do." 

Once she was straightened up, she tucked into Susan's room. "How are we doing?"

"How's Lydia?" Susan smiled.

"I'll get to that, what have we got?" Elunara ran her fingers over a child's forehead. 

"Mimsy, and Grogash." Susan giggled. "I wanted a Gro, and I let him pick the rest." 

"Gods, you're both always so adorable, I'd be jealous if I had the capacity. Let me hold my newest children I didn't give birth to."

Susan held up Mimsy with a laugh.

"You have your daddy's complexion, but not his teeth. How curious." She's going to be a beauty though. Just like I saw with Lulu." She sat the baby down and reached for the other. "Oh, you're going to be a strong one." Elunara laughed. "You might give Darguni a run for his money. We'll have to see." 

"So, what are my grandchildren named?" Grogek grinned as he took Grogash back. 

"Lily and Dargek."

Grogek's eyes went wide. "Is that so?" He breathed.

Elunara swallowed and bit her lip as she nodded. "There's a problem..."

He frowned. "Judging by your reaction..."

"Dargek has... a deformed leg." 

"No." He whispered in horror. Susan put a hand to her mouth. 

Elunara raked her fingers through her hair and leaned back against the wall. "I'm not... I'm not sure I can..." Her voice shook with emotion. "He'll never walk straight. I'll do my best to heal what I can, but even Elune can't fix what's not there. It's entirely too short, and unless I learn how to grow bone..." Shaking her head, she leaned against Grogek. "Lydia is completely destroyed at this point." 

"Come on, Baby, let's just take our children and go home."

"This is all my fault. I should have never..."

"I'm stopping you right there, damn it." He sighed. "You wanted Elunara to break you, remember?" Giving her a soft shake, he frowned. "If anyone is at fault, then it's MY damned fault. I wanted children, remember?"

"You shouldn't have had them with me." She swiped at her nose.

"I didn't WANT them with anyone else, you ninny. I wanted YOU to have my children, damn it to hell. You will stop this self pity right here. I may not be as well spoken as my mother, but by damn it, I'll have my say. This is MY son. This is OUR son. I don't CARE that he has a busted leg, that doesn't make him any less MY damned son!" He plucked Dargek up. "You see that fang? It's just like mine, same side and everything. There's no denying who he belongs to. MINE. So his leg's a little funny, so was yours." 

"I was deformed, I should have never..."

"STOP!" He held her by the chin. "Look me in the damned face. "You are mine, my wife. Everything after that is unimportant. I knew how you grew up. Hell, I helped carry you a couple of times because of your funny legs. But I never once made fun of you for it; I never once begrudged you for it. Anyone else? They can go fuck themselves. We knew this risk." He let go of her face. "Baby, you're killing me. Every time you get upset, I feel like you're rejecting our son. Please stop rejecting our son." He whimpered. "Please?"
