 "Great, so now someone is trying to kill me." At home, Lydia sat on the couch, nursing Dargek. 

"It's not going to happen." Darguni growled. 

"I swear; you're a bigger mess than Jordan ever was." Elunara sighed. "I find it interesting that you took the time to get Dargek safe, before giving in to the suggestion." 

"What if it was part of the suggestion?" Darguni frowned. 

Elunara shook her head. "I highly doubt it. What maniac tries to kill a woman, but tells her to save the baby? No, I think that was Lydia's own mind fighting against it. Suggestions of this magnitude include a kill all. Lydia saved her baby before giving in."

"How do you know this?" He murmured.

"I've studied these sorts of things. When Jordan was under the mind control of the succubus, he could NOT attack me. He fought, even if he never knew he did." 

"Fucking hell, I'm sick of this." Lydia rubbed her eye with the heel of her hand. "Where's Lily?" She put Dargek on her shoulder. "I need both of my babies." She frowned. 

"Darguni, you stay here. I'm going to go update everyone. I refuse to leave Lydia unprotected. I'll get Lily."

"Yes, Momma." 

After she left, he frowned at Lydia. "We need to talk." 

"I was just so angry..." She sighed. "Why... why would you do that to me?" Looking up at him, she had tears in her eyes. "Knowing how terrified and upset I've been; why would you corner me like that? Do you not love me? Don't you wish to help me?"

"Lydia, Baby, the only way for you to see, is to show you. I had no idea you'd be set off like that, and by time I get through with Warren..." He growled. Darguni rubbed his neck. "Baby, I'm PROUD of my children. I don't care that Dargek has a dinky leg. I want people to see him. I want my friends to know him as he grows up. They are MY children too, Lydia. You can't keep them from me. I don't want to have to steal them from you." 

"I'm not trying to." She sighed. "I just..."

He sat down and put his hand on her cheek. "I get it, you're scared for him, and you're ashamed of him."

"I..." She choked on her words. "I'm not... Oh, Gods I am." She buried her face in his chest. "I've just been so damned afraid of what everyone would think. What they would say."

"You've got to let it go, Baby. People say their shit, and it's meaningless." He sighed and cuddled his wife and child. "When we were young, Momma once told me that you'd be the strongest of all of us, because you had to suffer the most. That... those with adversity have to work harder, do more, and have more to prove. It's not a bad thing, baby. Just because his leg is a little dinky, just means he'll be better. 

We'll make it better for him. I know you grew up with your mother's intense sadness. Now you understand that about her... but you had us." He brushed his hand down her hair. "No one else matters. If your friends can't handle how our son is, fuck em. If my friends can't handle how he is, fuck em. Our child doesn't have to be friends with anyone who will insult him."

She shuddered against him and cuddled the baby in her arms. "I realized the other day, that my only friends, are you and Bradly, Gingy, and Momma's friends. That's... all I have."

"Seriously?"

"I want my Lily." She whimpered. 

"You do care about her." He murmured. 

Lydia closed her eyes. "I guess it would be hard for you to understand." 

"Then make me understand. Ever since they were born, all I've seen you do, is freak out over Dargek, and never give attention to Lily."

With a sigh, she sat back. "When I am in here, I am safe. No one will say or do anything. When I am home by myself, I don't have to worry about anything else. I can just sit and enjoy my babies, and think and fantasize about my delicious husband. But the second that front door is opened, even to take a message, I become so completely terrified for him, that I can't think of anything else until that door is closed again." 

She passed Dargek to him, before leaning forward, and burying her face in her hands. "In here, my children are whole, and perfect, and nothing is wrong. I can cuddle them, I can play with them, I can enjoy the warm sensation if their joyous energy. You seem to forget that I am like Elunara in that I can feel energy." She wrapped her arms around her waist. "I can feel when people are angry with me, I can feel their scorn. I am completely terrified, that when they see my baby, that fear and anger will start again. When I was working with Jordan, I could feel how much I pissed him off. When I worked with Grogek, I could feel the hatred of every single person who believed I didn't deserve to be there. I don't have friends, because I can FEEL what people think of me, for good or bad."

"I had forgotten." He murmured, as he cuddled his son.

"It almost destroyed me last time... I can't handle it again." 

"A more troubling thought plagues me..."

"What...?"

The door opened, and Elunara walked in. 

Lydia jumped and ran, practically yanking Lily out of Elunara's arms. "Oh, my precious girl!" She rushed over to the couch, soothing the angry infant. "I know, I know, you're so mad at me now, but let's get you fed." Once she had Lily adjusted, Lydia looked up. "Can my babies get my ability to feel emotions?"

Elunara blinked. "It's entirely possible. Darguni has my healing abilities." 

Lydia turned to Darguni. "And yet another reason to fear leaving the house." 

Elunara narrowed her eyes. "Has someone been directing hate at you again?"

She sighed. "I'm too afraid to leave the house and find out." 

Raking her fingers through her hair, she sighed. "I'm sorry, my girl. I completely forgot how susceptible to negative emotion you are. That WOULD make someone afraid to leave their house. Especially when they had a child so like themselves." She ran her hand over Lydia's hair. "But, we can work with it, ok?"

"But now someone wants me dead!"

"Yes, but we can't figure out who that is, until you learn to pin point your abilities. We have to get you out in public; we have to let you be seen, so they can make their move."

"You want me to be bait?"

"Extremely well protected bait. You will be accompanied by one of us at all times. Since we can't stop our days to protect you, you have to come with us."

"But..."

"Please don't make me order you."

"I'll do what I'm told." Lydia sighed.

Bradly scratched the back of his head and sighed. He'd been over these ruins a dozen times in the past few days, and still he could find no evidence. Not that it mattered, as Mathias had a few dozen agents ripping the place apart. He picked up a chunk of brick and turned it in his hands, over and over again, mentally willing it to give up its secrets. 

"Bradly?"

He looked up. "Oh, hey Bryan." He winced and tossed the brick down. 

"What are you doing?"

"I was..." He blinked down at the brick. "I... well?" He looked at Bryan. "What's in the basket?"

Bryan put his hand over the cloth on the top of the basket. "Just more art supplies." He grinned. "Why don't you come over, and I'll try out a new medium?"

Bradly turned his head and closed his eyes, willing himself to say no. He turned back and his eyes went back to the basket. "Actually..." He licked his lips. "It's my turn for Lydia duty." His mind cheered at the victory.

"Oh." Bryan face fell and the pout began.

Bradly fought the urge to backtrack. "Yep. Until the asshole is caught, we're all doing our duty to her."

"Duty?" Bryan perked up. 

"Yes, duty. I am a soldier." He laughed. "And my mother's word is law." Backing up, he almost tripped on debris. "Well, have to go!" He escaped with his life.

Bryan frowned and cocked his head. Reaching down, he picked up a chunk of brick and turned it over. With a shrug, he tossed it to the ground and headed on. 

How he managed to make it to Tippy's in one piece, Bradly would never know. Guilt at ditching Bryan chased on his heels, but relief of escape soon swamped him. 

"What'll it be?" Tippy cocked her hip. 

"A picnic basket." He grinned.

With a laugh and a roll of her eyes, she went in the back. 

Lydia sighed. "I love being in the sun, but being in public makes me horrifically nervous." She fidgeted.

"The babies are sleeping, we're getting some sun, all is right with the world." Susan smiled. "See, isn't the baby puddle fun?"

"I guess."

"You know, any more of us, and they're going to have to expand this platform."

"Momma's been saying that for years." Bradly snorted. 

Lydia eyed the basket. "Picnic?"

"By portal lake?" He grinned. 

"Oh, alright." She stood up and adjusted her skirt, before tucking Dargek and Lily into the stroller. 

"Well don't act like it's a chore." He chuckled. 

Lydia waved a hand to Darguni, and pointed at Bradly. He nodded. "Alright then." 

Bradly wrapped an arm around her waist. "I'll admit, I had the thought when I saw Bryan with a basket."

"How's that going, these days?"

"Eh, I'd rather not talk about it. Right now, I'd rather spend time with you." He kissed her neck. 

Bryan spotted Bradly curled up against Lydia, basket in hand. With a pout, he changed course and headed home. 

As he watched Lydia nurse, Bradly licked his lips. "Geez, did your tits get bigger?"

"Of course they did, you twit. They're full of milk." She laughed. 

"My damn." 

Winking at him, she giggled. "You'll have to wait your turn." 

"Mm, would you give me a turn?" He grinned. 

She tugged the front of his uniform. "With pleasure." She pressed her lips to his. 

His hand came up and crushed into her hair as he pulled her in. As their mouths melded together, his other hand rested on the child she held, and he sighed. 

"What's wrong?" She whispered. 

"I'm a horrible, selfish person." 

Brushing her hair out of her face, she giggled. "What now?"

He ran his hand over Lily. "I still want you to bear my child." 

Her entire body froze. "What?"

"I'm awful, because even while I know how much Dargek hurts you, I still wish you'd consent to mine."

"But..." 

"Lydia, your children are beautiful and perfect. I don't care that Lily is so tiny, or that Dargek has a troubled leg. They're yours, and I wish they were mine. I know why Darguni is so proud of his children; I feel his desire to share them." He brushed his fingers on her cheek. "I'd be happy with just one." He whispered. "Damned Darguni got two out of the deal." He sighed. 

Lydia began to shake all over. 

"I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have..."

"No!" She held up a hand and gasped. "I feel them."

"Them?"

"The..." She gasped for air and clung to him. Shivering, she soothed Lily. "No, no, it's ok sweetheart, momma's fine."

"What happened?"

"The one who wants me dead? Was nearby. I could feel their hate... right through my chest." 

Later, Lydia stood in the nursery, singing to all of the babies at once. Susan was soaking in the hot bath downstairs, and Lydia had offered to watch the trio. Running a finger on Grogash's cheek, she sighed. "You are so beautiful and healthy. How strange that you are my children's uncle, and yet you'll grow up together and share a birthday." 

"Our family doesn't "do" normal." 

Lydia looked back and grinned at Darguni. "Damned straight." 

He wrapped his arms around her waist. "It does me good to see you smile like that." 

"It's good to be able to." She sighed. "Aunts and uncle, meet niece and nephew. How silly is that?"

He licked her neck. "Pretty silly." Slipping his fingers under the edge of her skirt, he rubbed his erection against her ass. 

"Well, someone is in-" She gasped when his fingers slipped into her. "A mood."

"I like seeing my wife smile. Think they're all out for now?"

"I can clear a few minutes." 

He pumped his fingers in and out, spreading the sticky wet.

"Here?!" She gasped.

"Nah, we're going up. I just didn't want to let go just yet." The fingers of his other hand tugged at her nipple. 

"Oh, those are sens-" She near shrieked when he bit her shoulder. 

"I better get you upstairs, before you wake the babies and then we're both in trouble." He scooped her up and jogged upstairs. 

He had her undressed in record time, before he climbed on the bed. Dipping his head down, he licked a breast, before sucking on the hardened nipple. "Breast milk is fascinating."

"Hey! That's for the babies." She put her hands on her nipples.

"That's alright; I had an appetite for something else." Scooting down, he licked her center flat. When she gasped, he grinned and buried his face into her warm, slick folds. Pushing her legs up and out, he spread her wide, and delighted himself in licking every tiny space, as she gasped and groaned. Somehow, it managed to be his favorite part, when she grabbed on to the ponytail she had given him.

When she was half mad with it, he shifted up, and buried himself into that wet heat. Wrapping his arms around her back, her took possession of her mouth, and groaned at the mingle of flavors. 

Gasping, she pushed at him. "Give me..."

"Anything." He whispered. 

"Please, my ass... I want it..."

Struggling to maintain himself, he kissed her again, groaning into her mouth. "It's yours." Raising his body above hers, he tugged himself free, before shifting down and adjusting. "As you wish." He pressed into her slowly, watching her writhe and gasp as she clung to the sheets. Once he was buried in her, he reached into the drawer, and pulled his duplicate out. Gently, he pressed it into her slick center. 

She arched completely, her head buried back into the pillows, as she gasped. 

"Too much?" He whispered.

"GIVE!" She pleaded. "GIVE it to ME!"

As he slowly pumped himself in and out of her ass, he moved the metal dick in and out of her front. She clamped down around him, but still she didn't want to stop, so he began to drive it harder, watching for any signs of distress. By time she collapsed, shaking and exhausted, he'd given up on his own erection, only wanting her pleasure. At last he gave in, as he filled her. 

Tugging the metal one free, he grinned. "How was that?"

"Mind blowing." She panted. 

He tugged himself loose. "Aw, I hate it when I hurt you." He rubbed his fingers across her asshole.

"Actually, I think shaking like a maniac is what did it." Concentrating, she grinned. "At least I heal easy."

"Yeah, but I still dislike hurting you." He cuddled her in his arms. 

"That's because you're so sweet." She rubbed a hand on his cheek.

"So, did my brother help any today?"

"He gave me much to think about." She sighed. "He... Well, he still wants me to have his child."

Darguni just blinked. "Hm."

"Strangely, it made me feel better." She said quietly. 

"Then that's all that matters to me."

"There's something else..."

He kissed her ear. "You can tell me anything."

"The one who hates me was there." 

Darguni sat straight up. "WHAT?"

"He... he was so filled with rage... I couldn't breathe." She whispered. 

He yanked her up. "We have to tell mother." 

"Can I at least have some clothes?"