 Elunara paced back and forth. "I don't have to ask if you're sure, but you have to give me everything, every little nuance."

"It was like taking an arrow to the chest." 

After near an hour, Elunara sighed. "I need to train you better."

"Sorry, momma" Lydia fidgeted. 

"Not your fault." Elunara sighed. "We'll find the bastard... and when I get my hands on him..."

Bradly walked in the door with a groan. 

"What's wrong, hon?" 

"Bryan AGAIN." Bradly wiped his mouth. "I tried, yet again, to go over there and break up with him, and find myself..." He shuddered. "I'm going to bed." He stomped past and slammed the door.

Lydia and Elunara just stared at each other. "I'll go talk to him." Lydia slid off the couch. 

"Come in." He sat up. "Lydia!"

She quietly closed the door behind her. "I came to check on you." 

"Ugh, this is getting out of hand, damn it." He flopped back. "After my discussion with you, I thought that maybe I had a handle on things. But the second he opens that door, and wrapped his arms around me, my brain shuts down." 

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she ran her fingers through his hair. "I'm sorry, I brought this on you."

With a sigh, he fiddled with her hair. "Maybe. I don't know. At first, it was kind of fun. Something new to try. But then my emotions got muddled, and I thought that... maybe if I took a break from both of you, I could figure out what I wanted. Instead, I never got to the conversation with Bryan." He sighed. "Then you were so busy with Darguni, I didn't want to interrupt... I finally, FINALLY got a needed break from Bryan when he became obsessed with that stupid statue, and I realized... I realized that I just don't feel anything for him. I was taking momma's ideal of a sensation, and I didn't mind the experiment, but I still consider myself straight. Even if I couldn't have YOU, I want women."

"That's very strange." Bending down, she kissed his forehead. "Maybe you're with him out of guilt or loneliness."

"Certainly not loneliness. I'd rather be alone forever than have to suck another dick." He groaned. 

"I don't mind sucking dick." She considered. "I rather enjoy it."

"Now is not the time to make me hard, Lydia." He warned. "In any event, I wondered if I stayed because I feared my mother's wrath... but even she thinks this whole mess is weird. I know Jerry and Louis are practically momma's oldest friends, but even then I'm not worried about pissing them off. I just don't know why Bryan does this to my brain."

She licked her lips. "I know I should be more concerned..."

"Hm?"

"But now all I can think about is getting my mouth on you." 

"Gods!" He tugged himself free of his pants. "Do you see what you do to me?"

Bending over, she licked the length of him. "You should see what you do to me." She whispered. Standing up, she shoved her skirt to the floor. 

He reached out and ran his fingers through the soft hairs, and to the folds below. "Oh, Sweetheart, you're soaked." He groaned, and he slipped a finger in. 

She climbed into the bed, her legs on either side of his head. As she licked him over and over, he tugged her hips down and buried his face in those dripping folds. Groaning, she slipped her mouth over the tip, and began to work her way down over him. He licked at those beautiful pink folds, his fingers slipping down inside of her. He searched for that spot he knew would make her crazy, rubbing his way through, until she writhed in his grasp. When she clamped down, he let go of himself into her mouth.

Lydia sat up with a gasp. For a moment longer, Bradly licked at her dripping center. Shivering, she dislodged herself. "Stop that!" She laughed. 

He tugged her down. "Gods, how much I've wanted to get my hands on you again." 

"When I've gotten my second wind..."

He climbed out of bed and finished undressing. Naked, he climbed on top of her. Grinning, he tugged her shirt off and tossed it in the floor. "You. You are what I want." 

Lifting her arms, she grinned. "Take me." She whispered. 

Groaning, he joined their mouths together, sucking and nipping at her lips. Wrapping his body with hers, he buried himself inside of that wet heat. Together, they rocked and bucked their hips, making him slide in and out of her, as her legs wrapped around his hips. Desperation had him ramping up his speed; desire had him struggling to maintain the time. At last they shivered and shook, letting go together. 

He cuddled her in his arms. "I've missed this so much." He murmured. 

"I'm sorry." She snuggled down into his arms.

"No. No, I totally get it. You've been busy with your husband and your babies, and I've been trapped in confusion hell. My every waking moment has been taken up by some lunacy or another. I've been trying to find the time to be with you, but..." He sighed. 

Lydia popped up. "Sorry!" Yanking her clothes on, she bolted up the stairs. 

With a sigh, he scrubbed his hands through his hair. 

The next day, Lydia leaned against Elunara as they sat on the couch. "Thank you for letting me stay home today. It's becoming exhausting." 

"Everyone needs a break. Besides, I have to finish up some commissions so I can get my measurements for my suppliers. Most of my work is at home today." She pointed at the door. "Get that, will you?"

"Yeah sure." Lydia yanked open the door. She froze, before slamming the door and running upstairs. 

Concerned, Elunara sat her board down. It was a moment of indecision, if she should go after Lydia, or check the door. Finally, she opened the door and blinked. 

"Uh, hey. Darguni said it was ok if we came over for a few minutes." A group of soldiers were standing on the porch. "We all feel really bad about what happened the other day." Patrick frowned.

"We've all taken turns whacking Warren in the head." Becca added. 

"Believe me..." Warren sighed. "I've got bruises." Rubbing the back of his head, he sighed. "I was trying to pick on Darguni, I had no idea..."

Elunara sighed. "Come in. Wait down here." She headed upstairs. "Lydia..." She sighed. 

"NO!" Lydia hid behind the bed. 

"Sweetheart..." She stooped down in front of Lydia. "I know you're scared, but this will help."

"No, please." She whimpered. 

Elunara sat down. "Sweetheart, you need to learn how to deal with people. I don't feel like you feel, and maybe, just maybe, we can teach you how to absorb and block appropriately. Don't think of this as some humiliation, think of it as a learning experience. They don't know that you can follow their emotions. You can start your child's life off from a good place."

"What?"

"Think about it. You can read them. In a way they don't know exists. If they give you a negative emotion, you can shove them out. You can learn to control how much you pull in, even when it's all aimed at you. You can know, exactly who you really SHOULD protect your child from. Mothers everywhere would PAY for that kind of ability." 

"But..."

"Let me be your spine. Come on, let's get your babies, and I'll teach you a new skill."

Meanwhile, Patrick glared at Warren. "Your stupidity has the wife of our friend hiding in her bedroom."

"Gods, I didn't mean it." He groaned. He crossed his arms. "How was I to know he had a dinky leg?"

"You know... why haven't we tried to be nicer to Lydia?" Becca bit her thumbnail. "I mean, even when everyone treated her like Darguni's sister..."

Patrick shrugged. "She always kind of hid behind them. Even when she was doing all that singing, and we went to her concerts and things, she would hide afterwards. I tried to be nice, but she kinda acted like I was trying to pull a mean prank on her." 

"Yeah." Robert frowned. "I'd say hi, and she'd glare at me and ask me what I wanted."

"I guess you guys don't know." Aaron sighed.

Everyone turned and looked at him.

"She was born with dinky legs too. Both of them. I knew her before Elunara healed her body. Most of the girls in this city were complete and utter shitheads to her. I freely admit that I was mean to her too. It's kind of ironic that Gingy is her friend now, because Gingy was the main one who helped everyone ruin Lydia's life. She's terrified of people with just cause." He rubbed the back of his neck. "Kids are horrible." 

Warren buried his face in his hands. "Kill me now." 

Everyone looked up at the door opening. Elunara came out, one baby on her shoulder, her hand holding Lydia's. Lydia had her face buried in the other baby on her shoulder. They reached the bottom of the stairs. Elunara whispered something to Lydia. Lydia nodded. 

"Ok, we're going to try this again." Elunara smiled. 

Everyone shoved Warren forward at the same time; he nearly fell over with it. "I want to apologize again for upsetting you." He rubbed his neck. "I was trying to tease Darguni, in that stupid ways that guys do... I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, honest. Guys say really stupid shit to each other, I swear it." As Lydia continued to stare at him, he shifted uncomfortably. "Look, I had no idea he had a bum leg. I would have never said anything if I had. He's kinda cool, and if you let me, I'll make it up to you, I swear."

Lydia looked at Elunara, who leaned over and whispered. Lydia closed her eyes and struggled to maintain her breathing. After nodding to Elunara she took a step forward. "He..." Her throat closed up on her. "He..." She whimpered. 

"I really didn't mean to be a complete douchebag." Warren frowned. 

"He is sincere." She whispered. 

"What?" His head jerked up. 

"I know..." She struggled to maintain her breathing like Elunara taught her. "I know you... are trying to be... sincere."

"How...?" He shook his head. "Well this family IS a little weird." As everyone else smacked their foreheads, Warren slapped his hands over his mouth.

Lydia gave a watery laugh. "The best kind of weird." Soon she was shaking with it. "The... the family policy." She giggled. 

"Um, do... you forgive me?" He winced. "You don't have to, but I'd rather know or not."

"I guess... you had no way of knowing." She said quietly. 

"No." He sighed. "Not really. Look, all I really know, is that you're Darguni's wife and you're really shy. Except for when you're singing and you sing like a graced angel. I always thought it was kind of funny, how you'd get up there and sing... and then immediately take off like the demons of hell were chasing you. Aaron finally got around to telling me why... AFTER I made a goddamned idiot of myself." He sighed. "I just thought it was some kind of weird stage fright, not that you were bullied as a kid." 

Lydia looked over and Aaron gave a half wave. "I'm sorry we were all shitheads to you... Ok, I am sorry that I was a shithead. Anybody else can apologize for themselves." He snorted. 

"I never knew..." Becca frowned. 

Lydia turned around and tried to make for the stairs.

Elunara shot her hand out. "Where are you going?"

"I can handle pity even less than I can handle hate." 

The group collectively winced. "I don't blame her." Elunara eyed the group. "In this house, we don't do "pity". It's counterproductive. I can understand your desire to repent for the past, but we don't do pity here. We do encouragement, determination, and independence. Pity is a wasted emotion for someone who has worked so hard to move beyond her previous hurts."

"I didn't mean it like that." Becca sighed. "I mean, I understand it comes off that way... But none of us really know the REAL you. We only know that you were Darguni's sister and now you're his wife. You tried to be a soldier and failed at it rather spectacularly, and when Grogek pissed you off, you actually did some reasonable damage to him, which was impressive by itself."

"We also know your singing is amazing, and all of us remember your big concert." Morgan popped up.

"We know you had a shitty childhood," Patrick picked up. "but look at what you have now. It's nothing short of amazing."

"Yeah." The group nodded. 

"And honestly, we all think your kids are adorable." Warren nodded. "We're all pretty thrilled that one of our friends had kids he doesn't shut the fuck up about." He laughed. 

"I can't wait til I have my own." Becca blushed when everyone turned to look at her. "Well... I can't." She muttered. 

Patrick scooted closer. "Is that so?" He wiggled his eyebrows. "I'd be more than-"

She shoved his face. "Back on topic, pervert."

Lydia giggled. All attention was back on her. Her face went red.

"Look," Warren raked his fingers through his hair. "I believe everyone can agree with me, when I say that... you're our friend's wife, and we'd like to try to be your friend as well. It just seems silly to try and invite Darguni to things, when he'd rather be with you. So, it'd be kind of cool if you'd come hang out too. Become part of the group, ya know?"

"Yeah!" Becca clapped her hands. "That way we could learn more about you. It would be nice to have more friends." 

"I agree." Aaron winced. "I mean, I've known you for years, and I don't really know all that much about you." 

"Other than the fact you were a total shitdick?" Warren snorted. 

Dargek began to fuss, and Lydia closed her eyes and began to sing softly. Everyone stopped and stared. 

Elunara ran her hand on Lydia's back. "Yes, just like I taught you, sweetie." 

After a moment, Dargek went back to sleep. 

"Dude!" Warren breathed. "I didn't know you could do that."

Lydia looked at Aaron. "Remember when Darguni and Bradly declared me blessed of the goddess?" He nodded. "They weren't kidding. I've received so much healing energy from her, that I too have her abilities."

"Does that make you a goddess?" He whispered.

"No idea." She shook her head. "Dargek hurts sometimes. Elunara is teaching me how to heal his pain, even if I cannot heal his leg." 

"That is seriously cool." 

"Can... I hold him?" Becca fiddled with her fingers. "I really want to hold them." 

Lydia looked back. Elunara nodded. "You should, my little love. It'll help." 

"Sit on the couch." Lydia pointed. 

Becca practically bounced to the couch. 

Quite some time later, Darguni walked in and blinked. "You're all still here?"

Lydia blushed. "I've... been letting them hold the babies." 

He was across the room in an instant, scooping her up and claiming her mouth. 

Becca cocked her head to the side. "You know, I've always wondered how that works... with the fang and all." Turning bright red, she clamped her hands over her mouth. 

"Damn it." Patrick snorted. "Darguni always got the hot babes." 

"They were just after his giant dick." Lydia stepped back from Darguni and buried her hot face in her hands. "Gods fuck it all." 

"No, Darguni fucked it all... at least until you." Warren snorted.

Morgan whacked his arm. "Dude, you don't tell someone's WIFE that!"

"Except I already knew." Lydia sighed. "It's a bit of a..."

Bradly came in and slammed the door. Spotting Lydia, he marched over and assaulted her mouth. When he finally let up, he threw his hands in the air. "I AM STRAIGHT!" He went in his room and slammed the door.

"The hell was THAT?" Warren blinked. 

Lydia held up a finger. "cuse... I hafta..." She pointed at the door, before following. 

"Uh, you're going to let that happen?" Morgan pointed at the door.

Darguni cackled. "Oh gods, this is going to be hilarious, I just know it."

"Bradly, what the HELL?" Lydia tried to straighten her hair. 

"FUCKING BRYAN!" He tossed up his arms. "After last night, I thought I had enough courage to just do it and get it done... the next thing I know I'm hog tied with a dick up my ass, begging for more." 

"That's... a little weird."

"A LITTLE?" He yanked off his gear and threw it in the closet. "The dick up the ass was odd enough, but the shit I let him DO to me, is just beyond anything I've never cared to do. I feel like I'm stuck on one of mom's shitty missions. "Oo fuck me, please!" AGH!" Flopping on the end of the bed, he held his head in his hands. 

Sitting next him, she rubbed her hand on his back. "I'm so sorry." 

He took her hand and kissed it. "You make me feel sane." He sighed, leaning against her.

She kissed the top of his head. "I should have never told you to go after him."

With a shudder, he wrapped his arm around her waist. "The shit he's gotten me to do..." He buried his face in her hair. "I'm completely disgusted with myself. I feel like I'm trapped under the control of a cruel dungeon master. Yet, when I DO bring myself to... disappoint him, he turns into this sad little puppy."

"Have you spoken with Elunara?"

"Yes, but she told me to ride it out while she finds time."

"Bradly, I think you need to tell her about this stuff too. It's terrifying." 

"I will... I need to. Ugh, and that stupid statue..."

"What statue?"

"Did I not tell you about the six foot statute of me jacking off? Even mother was impressed." He snorted.

"Oh, Gods. I want to see it."

"You know, maybe I'll take you to his house... see if having you there gives me any confidence."