 Mike was still awake when he heard Anya walk in through the bedroom door. He didn't say anything though as he was trying to catch those elusive alpha waves and ride them into slumber. He still had his eyes closed too, right up to the point where Anya plugged her recharge cord in and walked around to the far side of the bed.

The smell of synthetic female cum that lingered in her hair was immediately noticed by both Mike and Tammy. They both found it highly arousing, though the mechanisms that brought those feelings about within them could not have been more different.

Tammy's curiosity algorithms and subroutines began to fire up, but she didn't want to speak and risk waking her lover. Mike wondered just what Anya had been up to as well. he was now looking at her as she crawled silently into bed beside Tammy. He noticed that her chest panel cover had been removed. The handful of bright LEDs he saw inside got him a little more aroused as he watched the lady lay down and turn around.

She brought the covers over her body as she did that. Tammy reached out and put her arm around Anya as the newcomer snuggled in to get her warm body close to Tammy's. While Tammy did that, she felt Mike's penis get hard, as it was pressed close against her bottom.

That gave Tammy a welcome feeling of emotional warmth to know she was so adored and cared for. It almost made her forget her worries for a while.

Mike had those same worries on his mind too. He couldn't sleep. The more he layed awake, the more he thought about Tammy's upcoming scan with the Main Computer. And the more he thought about that, the more unsettled he became that it would make a bad decision. The last thing he wanted was for it to start messing with the person Tammy had become.

He continued to lay awake like that. Tammy was already in sleep simulation mode, and within seconds Anya joined her. They were both as alert as ever, just with eyes closed and breathing slowed to look as if they were sleeping. After a while, that simulation began to influence the human, and he gradually got closer and closer to unconsciousness until it finally overtook his tired mind.

The night then passed without incident while the three got rejuvenated. As Mike's mind relaxed and exercised in a dreamstate, electricity flowed into the two female robots and recharged the battery packs inside their thighs. 

While he was in deep sleep, his base desires conjured up a dream for him to enjoy. He dreamt about Diana's big ass - that he was watching her move around in the office, watching those big spheres of silicone jiggle in those tight brown pants of hers. The dream changed to him in possession of a life-size silicone replica of that amazing ass.

In his dream he beheld that perfectly copied part as a functional work of art, those wide feminine hips rotating slowly around in his field of view until it became as an image in Anya's spare fembot inventory menu on his computer.

It was strange that he would dream of such a thing when he had unlimited access to the complete sexy Diana unit, fabulous big ass and all. He could order that machine to do anything he wished, and could remove her facemask and fondle those warm plump buns whenever he wanted. 

And so the night went on. His dreams faded into incoherent subconscious babbling as he slept and held on to the very warm electronic woman beside him. She entered his dreams always as the embodiment of pure love. It was this android Tammy that was his partner and his soul mate, and every part of his being felt that as strong as it knew how.

Morning came upon them as usual, with the pretty humanoid machines slowly stirring in order to gently rouse their man.

He woke up to the pleasant sound of kissing, and sat up to see Anya and Tammy gently holding, caressing and kissing one another. He had no need to look at a clock or ask for the time. He knew it was 7 o'clock in the morning.

"Good luck." Anya said as she got out of bed in order to let Tammy out.

"Thanks." She said as Mike swung his legs over the side of the bed.

He let out a big yawn as the girls unplugged each other and closed up their recharge ports. Tammy was always first to get scanned in the morning, and today would be no different in that respect.

"I'm gonna go downstairs with you." Mike said as he watched her walk around the bed. He was sure he looked a lot worse in the morning than any android would.

"Thanks, Darling." she said. She walked over and sat next to him and gave him a big hug.

"So what did you get up to last night?" Mike asked Anya as Tammy leaned her head on his shoulder.

Anya shot him a mischievous smile and said "I found some of the new toys Bonnie brought, then I had a 69 with Diana and made her crash."

"Sounds like fun." Tammy said.

Little bits of Mike's dream flashed back to him as he listened.

"It was great!" Anya said. She thought about telling Mike all about how she got doused with Diana's artificial sex juice, but she didn't want to ruin the surprise she had planned for him. "Are you gonna take your shower after Tammy's scan then?" she asked.

"Yeah." he said as he held his arm around his woman and stroked her shoulder. "I think you should come down to the lab too, just in case the computer needs your perspective on the issue."

Anya nodded. "Anything for robot number 704483A." she said.

"Ready?" Mike asked Tammy.

She pulled him near and kissed him. "Yes Master." she said tenderly.

The two got up together. He straightened out his shorts while she pulled down her panties and stepped out of them. He looked at both fembots for a while. Both completely naked, and one without her chest panel cover. He felt another erection growing, but he knew now that he would have to wait.

"Let's go." Tammy said. She led the way out of the bedroom and down the hallway to the large carpeted wooden staircase.

Anya followed Tammy and Mike followed her. Anya slowed her steps until Mike was beside her. "She's got such a sexy wiggle, doesn't she?" she said.

Tammy blushed and looked back to see Mike and Anya leering at her backside. She giggled and kept walking on her way; down the stairs and into the living room. There was a maidbot in the kitchen, preparing the morning's breakfast for the human - who was supposed to be in the shower right now.

"Hi sexy robomaid." Tammy said as she gave the device a friendly wave.

Anya winked at the machine as she passed, and Mike just waved and enjoyed the view of the robot's glossy breasts beneath her see-through maid uniform. The maid was perfectly oblivious to all of that, and kept on whirring and beeping on her pre-assigned way.

The three got down the basement stairs and met the laser scanner. Tammy put her face in front and let it do its work.

"SCANNING." it said with its disembodied metallic monotone.

Tammy waited until it was done, then said "I'm so nervous." She waited by the door and watched as Anya submitted to the scanning process.

"Make sure you tell the Main Computer that." Mike said to Tammy.

Tammy looked back at him with an expression that relayed both concern and trust.

"We're here for you babe." Anya said as the scanner was finished with her. "We won't let anyone or anything change you."

"SCANNING." the box called out again as Mike came near with closed eyes. The red laser lines made a grid on his face that moved slowly down and back up again in order to measure its contours and match the data to its extensive store of information.

"SCANNING COMPLETE." came the judgement of the wall-mounted computer as it opened the door to the lab.

The three lovers went through. Mike and Anya stayed close behind Tammy as she walked over to the empty examination chair and sat down.

"Hi Maria." she said as the pretty technician pivoted stiffly to face her. She simulated the act of drawing a long, deep breath and swung down the cover of her chest panel. "Plug me in." she said as she braced herself for what would come next.