 "Alright now, I think this is something we should deal with sooner rather than later." Lydia knocked on the door.

"Come in!" 

Lydia clamped her hand on Evelyn's wrist before pushing opening the door. "You have customers."

Gingy popped her head out from another room. "What?"

Tugging the struggling girl forward, Lydia planted herself in the main area. "I want to order my friend some outfits. Nothing fancy, just some walking around clothes."

"You're commissioning me?" Gingy blinked. 

"Duh."

"Goody!" Gingy grabbed her notebook off of the counter. "Tell me what you need."

"I think a couple of two piece sets and some basic dresses."

"Oh, I forgot your name already." Gingy blinked.

"Um, it's Evelyn?" The shaking girl blushed.

"I'll need measurements." Gingy yanked out a measuring tape.

"Doing better since Elunara designed your space?" Lydia laughed.

"I can find things!" Gingy clapped. "When I remember to return them to their spaces."

Lydia rolled her eyes. "Of course."

"Now, am I measuring clothed, or unclothed?"

"I think you should do it unclothed."

Evelyn turned scarlet. "What?!"

"She doesn't remember you." Lydia whispered. 

"Your clothes will fit better, dear." Gingy smiled. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle. I was taught how to measure by the best. Tulani showed me how to get all I need." 

"A-alright." Evelyn stammered.

Later, Evelyn put a hand over her heart. "What was the point of THAT?"

"To show you that Gingy isn't so bad now. She's a bit of a pain, but her heart is in the right place." Lydia shrugged. "She doesn't remember you at all. You weren't on her radar and you disappeared before she could form an opinion and stick it to you. Now... she'll remember you as my friend. Ever since that day I saved her, she changed. When Tulani took over as her mother, she blossomed. Don't judge this city by what you remember." Lydia took Evelyn's hand. "I don't have many friends myself, so perhaps we can help each other out." 

"Y-yes, I'd like that."

The following day, Lydia sat with Susan on the platform, the children asleep in their puddle of blankets. 

Gingy bounced her way over and sat down. "Where's your friend?"

"She's wandering around town, trying to figure out what to do with herself."

"Then you can approve my designs."

"Sure." Lydia took the book and flipped through. "Looks good." 

Gingy looked out at the training yard and sighed. 

"What's wrong?" Lydia passed the book back.

"Oh, nothing really." She fidgeted with the edge of the sketchbook. "All those warm, rippling bodies, and I can't have a one. Not like you, silly girl, you have two of them. Not only TWO of them, but the best looking two of the bunch." Gingy licked her lips.

Lydia giggled. "I'm tell ya, Gingy, you need to ask Elunara."

Gingy turned brilliant red. "Oh, I can't believe I told you that!" Scrambling up, she ran away. 

After a few moments, Warren made his way over and put his arms on the platform. "Who was that vision of a girl?"

"Gingy?" Lydia blinked.

"Gingy? Is that her name?" He sighed. "All those fluffy red curls... I wonder how they'd look... unbound." 

"Well, then."

Warren's eyes went wide. "Fuck, I cannot control my damned mouth."

"Her favorite flower is the Starflower."

"What?" He blinked up. 

"I can even give you her address if it would help." Lydia grinned.

"You mean it?" He bounced. "I mean, you certainly don't owe me any favors..."

"I'm doing it for Gingy." 

Gingy yanked open the door and stared down at the bundle of flowers. "What?"

"Lydia said they were your favorites." The man blushed.

"Did she put you up to this?" She propped her fist on her hip.

"No! Actually, I asked... did she set me up?" He frowned. "Because she seemed genuine..."

Taking the bundle of flowers, she sighed. "You know, Lydia isn't like that. After all I've done to her, she deserves revenge, but it's just not like her."

"I kind of deserve it too." He laughed.

"Oh? What did YOU do to her?"

"Well..."

"Come on in, we'll discuss it over tea." She shut the door after him.

Susan giggled as they pushed the strollers into the house. "I'd say you pulled an Elunara."

Elunara looked up from her board. "What now?"

"Look, that's not the first time that Gingy has expressed her desire for a man. It just so happens, that's the first one to have an interest in her." Lydia shrugged. "I couldn't pass up the opportunity."

Susan shook her head. "You are your mother's daughter."

"I take that as high praise." Lydia grinned, scooping one of the babies out of the stroller and heading up the stairs.

The next day, Elunara sat on the couch, working on her commissions, when Tulani walked into the room from her studio. "Hello, my lovely, you're looking stressed."

"I want you to fix me."

Elunara dropped her pencil. "What?"

"I have decided that I want you to fix me, so that I may finally have that baby I've always wanted..." Tulani held out her hands. "Those bastards broke me, and I was denied the one thing I've wanted for SO long."

"Sweetness, I can't guarantee..."

"Please, please just try."

"For you, my Sweetness, anything." She sat aside her work and stood up, laying her hands on Tulani's belly. "It might take me awhile, you were pretty well busted."

"Take as long as you need."

"I can't..." Emotion clogged Elunara's throat. "Sweetness, I will do everything in my power, but I cannot be sure it'll work."

"I understand that risk." Tulani nodded. "I just want you to try."

"Then we'll start immediately. Come, I want you to lay on the bed, and I'll begin."

Later, she made her way down to the platform and flopped down between the other two women. "Well, I've begun the process of healing Tuly."

Lydia frowned. "Is that advisable?"

"If it makes her happy, then yes." Elunara nodded. 

"So many babies!" Susan giggled. "How is your own coming along?" 

"Swimmingly." Elunara giggled back. "And you two?"

"Dargek keeps trying to wander off." Lydia sighed. "Twice, his daddy just barely caught him. Thankfully, they're asleep for now."

"Tilly is the same." Susan ran a hand over the sleeping form. "The other two are like Lily... no interest beyond what's at hand. I do have a different concern."

"That is?"

"Grogek has gotten meaner to his crew of trainees."

"Hm."

"Darguni's noticed it too. He's less forgiving to his men." Lydia nodded.

"That is troubling." Elunara murmured. 

"They're doing drills on how to assist a fallen comrade..." Susan murmured. "That poor Tabby girl eats at him."

"This I know." Elunara sighed. "He takes the blame not offered." She looked around. "Where is Evelyn today?"

"Off on an afternoon walk with Bradly." Lydia giggled.

"How goes that?"

"Curious. She worships the ground he walks on, and he finds her entertaining. No loving intent so far."

"I'll be curious to see how THAT one plays out."

"You and me both." Lydia picked at her skirt. "I spend some of my free time just trying to pry her out of her shell. She's quite fearful."

"Hm. Well, if you need advice, let me know."

"It's fine, Momma. I have her." Lydia leaned over and lowered her voice. "She's a virgin."

"Oh, really now?" 

"Delicate flower and everything." 

"Oo, boy." 

The girl in question currently had her arms wrapped around one of Bradly's "T-thank you for walking with me."

"You say that as if it's a hardship." He grinned down at her. 

"Well, I... it's just..." She began to stutter. 

"Don't worry about it." He kissed the top of her head. 

She turned brilliant red, and her vocabulary was reduced to stammering. 

"Alright, a little lunch is in order, and then I should head back to the yard. Come on, Tippy is making her spinach soup today. It's amazing." 

Elunara sat down in the chair and leaned back.

"How does it feel?" Mathias stood at attention on the other side of the desk. 

"Really weird." 

He flashed her a grin. "Get used to it, because it's yours until you retire and appoint someone else as head."

"I might do that every century or so..."

Laughing, he leaned against the desk. "Night elves."

She fiddled with things, opening drawers and cabinets. "Organized as always."

"You've been in my stuff?" His eyebrow shot up.

"You're surprised?"

"More at the admission."

"Too true." She plucked a small packet out of a drawer and flipped through. "Hey, this is Jameson's little package."

"It's mostly gibberish." Mathias waved a hand. "He claims to have dirt on a number of nobles, but then it just dissolves into worthless."

"You haven't had it ran through our code breakers?"

"I saw no purpose."

"You're slipping, old man." She tossed one of the papers over. "Read it upside down."

He eyed the paper. "This... these are agent names."

"There's more to this than gibberish. She considered the pages, turning them this way and that. "Fascinating... Each time you change the angle, different words pop up... different names." 

He followed her examples. "And here I thought his hand writing was just terrible."

"I guess it IS time for you to retire." She winked. "If you missed this obvious little thing."

After they shared a chuckle, he frowned. "This implicates my own agents. Look," He tapped the page on the table. "This links Jine to the Magister..."

"He knew..." She whispered. "The little shit knew." 

"He may not have known exactly what the Magister did, but he knew the connection to the corruption." 

"It's blackmail."

"What?"

"He said that he had these going in the works... I bet you he was blackmailing them. See these numbers?" She pointed around. "I bet you anything that these are blackmail tallies."

"Damn." He whispered. "I can't retire... I need to investigate these."

"Mathias..." She put a hand on his arm. "Let us work together."

"Yes, of course." 

Meanwhile, Lydia smiled at Evelyn. "Enjoy lunch?"

Bradly passed a package over. "I brought you one of her sandwiches that you like so much."

"Awesome!" Lydia yanked up the package and began to unroll it.

Evelyn gave a happy sigh. "Oh, this has been a fabulous day." She ran her hand over the top of her hair. 

"You know what we should do?" Lydia spoke between bites. "We should go to the amphitheater and sing." 

"What?" Evelyn blinked back and forth. "Oh, no. I'd rather stay here."

"After the men work." Lydia waved her hand. "I love to sing. You should join me." She happily munched on her sandwich.

"Oh, in that case, I'd love to watch you sing."

"Do you sing?" Susan smiled.

"Oh... I don't know about that."

"You can always try." Later, Lydia pushed the twins in the stroller, as Darguni walked beside her, arm around her waist. 

"Yeah," Bradly wrapped an arm around Evelyn's waist in an absent gesture. "You never know when something will leap out at ya. Try singing with Lydia, you might enjoy it."

"Oh... ok, if you say so." Evelyn stammered. 

Lydia and Darguni shared a grin. Once Evelyn opened up and sang with Lydia, it became obvious that she had some talent for it. 

That night, Lydia tugged Elunara to the side. "We need to do a concert."

"Bwuah?" Elunara raked her fingers through her hair. "I'm sorry, I've been up to my eyeballs in case review... what?"

"I want to do a concert for Evelyn. She has a beautiful voice, and I think it would help her open herself up, much like mine did for me."

"Yeah, sure. Sounds good." Elunara waved a hand. "Get Tulani to handle the dress, I'll handle the advertisement. Now, if you'll excuse me, I want to get fucked by my husband... one of them, anyway, before I crash on my face." 

Lydia blinked up at her for a moment, before heading to her own bedroom. "Your mother is in a piss poor mood tonight."

"Our mother." Darguni mumbled, as he flipped though a book. 

"Why do you say that?" Bradly yanked off his own shirt and tossed it into the hamper.

"I've never heard her so crass and short." 

Bradly stretched his shoulders. "I heard a rumor that something bad happened down at the SI:7, but no idea what." 

"Well, in any event, I've asked Elunara to help me do a concert for Evelyn. I think it'll help her." Lydia yanked off her own dress and tossed it in the hamper. 

"That's sweet of you." Bradly ran his hands across her hips and gripped her ass.

She put her hand on his chest. "How goes that, anyway?"

"She's adorable. There's some sort of fear there, but like Momma Tuly, it just makes me want to protect her."

"Probably how much she was picked on, like I was."

Darguni slipped in behind Lydia and cupped her breasts. "However, for the immediate plans..."

"Mm, I want it just like this." She leaned back against her husband. "You in the back, Bradly in the front." She purred.

Days later, Evelyn twirled around with a giggle. "It's gorgeous! But, WHY?"

"Because I like you." Lydia smiled. "You're one of the few friends I have. I just want you to be happy."

"But, whenever will I wear it?"

"Tonight. I'm holding a concert."

"A... concert? Like the one from when we were kids?"

"The same." Lydia winked. "I have a matching dress I'm putting on, and you and I will make a thing of it."

"But...?"

"Elunara will also be joining us. We've planned the whole thing out. You'll join your voice when indicated."

"I..."

"Bradly is in the front row," Lydia put her hand on Evelyn's shoulder. "waiting for JUST you."

"I'll do it." 

"Good girl."

Lydia led the way and met Elunara on the side walk. Together, the three of them made their way up to the stage. A stagehand yanked back the curtains and the crowd went wild. After a number of solos by Lydia and a duo of Elunara and Lydia, the three of them sang together in harmony. Evelyn took her turns with each of the other singers until Elunara and Lydia shoved her center forward stage.

Faced with her solo act, Evelyn froze.

"YOU CAN DO IT, SWEETHEART!" Bradly yelled.

Closing her eyes, Evelyn took a deep breath, before beginning her song. Her words were shaky, her melody weak, but slowly she got into the music. Soon, she threw her arms wide as she launched into the heat of the song, her skirts swaying with the gorgeous music. She lost herself so completely, that she failed to notice what was going on. 

Her feet stretched down, her arms extended wide and her musical words turned into the howl of the wolf. Her eyes flew open and she stared down at the tatters of her gorgeous dress. The audience froze, and no one moved or made a sound. Wrapping her arms around herself, Evelyn fled.

Bradly jumped up and chased after her.

Elunara and Lydia stepped forward. Together, they launched into a duet.

Bradly caught up to Evelyn. She was crouched down, arms wrapped around herself, weeping. "Evelyn?"

She jolted and scrambled back. "Don't look at me." She waved a claw filled hand.

"You're a Worgen?"

"It happened a few months ago," She sniffled. "while I was in Duskwood. I got bit. I thought I'd had it under control..." She ran her hands over her muzzle. "It only happens when I lose concentration. Now everyone will be afraid of me." She whimpered.

Bradly stooped down. "Sweetheart, there are Worgens everywhere in this silly city. No one is going to be afraid of you. Even if they are... they'll have to go through me."

"What?" Her head jerked up.

"I'll protect you." He held out his hand. "I love you and I want to protect you."

"You... You love me?" She ran her hands over her muzzle again. "But I look like this." 

Reaching out, he tugged her face forward and pressed his lips to hers. "I love you no matter how you look." 

"I..." Tears streamed down her furry face. "Oh gods, I've wanted you to kiss me from the moment..." She hiccupped. "And I'm stuck like this." 

"I'll kiss you in any form you want me to, sweetheart." He wiped her tears with his thumb. "Just please stop crying."

"If," She hiccupped again. "If I could stop crying... I could go back to normal."

He took her hand. "Come with me."

"Where are we going?"

"My house. Your poor dress is half destroyed, I'll see if Momma has some clothes we can borrow."

"Oh, but..."

"If you return to human, I'm sure Lydia will loan you something."

"I have clothes for... this."

"At the inn?" 

"Yes."

"Alright, we'll stop there first."

"First?" Evelyn blinked at the back of Bradly's head. "I'm so confused."

"I think we should talk. I'd prefer to do it in the comfort of my own home, where I absolutely know we'll have time alone to talk in private. I blame my mother, in that our house is considered a safe zone. Anything said or done in those walls is private and sacred. So I think we should talk there."

"Oh! Alright." She sighed. "I hate how much bigger my hand is right now."

"I'm sorry, Sweetheart." 

In her room, she stared at her furry reflection in the mirror. Closing her eyes, she began to work on those slow breathing exercises she had been taught by her mother. Once she felt calm enough, she opened her eyes and frowned at her human reflection. 

With a great deal of regret, she tossed the ruined tatters into the garbage basket, before finding her clothes and pulling on the plain dress instead. She met Bradly outside.

"Are you alright?" He took her hand again. "That took a bit."

"Yes." She sighed. "I had to get it under control."

"You know, there's a number of Worgen in city. You should ask them for help."

"I... well, it would be nice." 

"Something to consider."

"This is your house?" She gasped.

"Didn't you spend the night?"

She shook her head. "I was afraid to."

"Why?"

"Because everyone was always so mean to me... I was the chubby kid."

"You filled out well." He grinned.

"When I was bit, my whole body changed. I became leaner, taller... It was sudden, and strange. Most of my clothes had to be thrown away; they were simply too wide and short for me."

"Wow." 

"I'm grateful to Lydia for getting me some clothes made... I didn't have very many left until then." She ducked her head. "How odd that Gingy made them for me."

"Yeah, Gingy is a kick in the pants lately, with how much she flipped." He fiddled with the sign on the bedroom door.

"What are you doing?"

"Letting Darguni and his wife know to take it upstairs tonight." He grinned. "I don't want interrupted by the pair of horndogs." He tugged Evelyn into the room.

"You share a bedroom?"

"We pretty much have our whole lives, though for about a year or so, they stayed in the third floor of the tower."

"Third floor?" She near shrieked.

"Yeah, we're all spoiled." He winked. "But tonight isn't about that, it's about us." He tugged her over to sit down on the bed.

Her face went hot. "This is your bed." She whispered.

"Evelyn..." He brushed her hair back. "Listen, I want you to know that I don't care that you're a Worgen. You will always be my Evelyn, no matter what your form"

"Your...?"

"I love you. I know I do. I knew it the moment you ran off that stage in tears, because it ripped my heart out. I wanted to save you; I wanted to protect you from what you feared."

"Oh, Bradly." She gasped. 

Tugging her face to his, he brushed his lips across hers. "It's you I love." He whispered, before pulling her fully into his embrace. Her actions were timid at first, but his expert moves brought her out. Soon, she clung to him like the desperate, enjoying the taste and feel of his mouth. 

When his hand trailed up the inside of her skirts, she shoved him back and gasped. "No!"

His whole body froze, his hands still in the air, as he blinked at her in confusion. "No?"

"I... I'm sorry Bradly, I just can't. I've... I've always wanted..." She put her hands to her blazing hot face. "To wait for marriage."

"Oh!" His hand dropped into his lap. "Oh, well that's fine."

"It-it is?" 
