 Elunara flipped through the paperwork and sighed. She sat in the SI:7, in Mathias' old chair, yet felt more out of control than she ever had. Between Jameson's little packet, and the twilight brat in her hold, she had her plate full. Speaking of plate, she was desperate for some carrot cake. She rubbed a hand over her growing belly. She was six months along by her own estimation, and nowhere NEAR the size she had been at only four with Darguni. 

"Enter!" She called

Varian stuck his head in. "Feeling alright?"

"I'm hungry."

He walked in and set a small box on the table. "A personal carrot cake from Tippy."

"You mind reader!" She popped the box and snatched the fork out. "I was just thinking of this." Her groan of ecstasy on the first bite had him laughing. 

"I knew it was your favorite."

"Emmaline's favorite from where I sit. She has me craving it near constantly."

Kneeling beside her, he rubbed his hands on her belly. "Mine." He whispered.

"You and your claiming things." She winked at him. 

"Hey, I'm High King. I get to claim things." He winked back. "I can't wait to meet her." 

Elunara jolted. "Apparently, the feeling is mutual. She just kicked the shit out of me." 

"Where?"

"Right... here." She guided his hand. 

"I feel her!" He gasped. "Hello, sweetie." Varian crooned to her belly. "You're my little girl. Mine." With a chuckle, he looked up at Elunara. "She certainly has your opin— Did she shift?"

Elunara put her hands on her belly. "She just rolled over and went to sleep. You bored her." She stuck out her tongue.

"Well, she doesn't bore me." He murmured. Sighing, he straightened up. "Our little prisoner is asking for you."

"According to the reports I'm receiving, that's all he does." She tapped her fingers on the desk. "I can't torture the little snot, he's expecting that."

"Expecting..."

"He TRAINED on it. He told me himself. Not that I'm surprised, the twilight cultists are all out of their marb-- hm..." 

"I know that look, what are you planning?"

Elunara made her way down into the Stockades. As she made her way into Bobby's cell, she made a dramatic showing of holding her belly as she sat down. It would probably be more convincing if she was bigger, but she hoped the kid wouldn't notice the difference.

"Hello, there. They said you've been asking about me. Forgive me; I have too much to do each day." 

"They say you're queen AND the leader of the SI:7."

"That I am." She laughed. "And pregnant on top of it, but what can you do?" She shrugged. "Too much on my plate these days." She blinked down at the fork in her hand. "Oops. Speaking of plates." She tucked it into her pocket. "I was in the middle of lunch when they asked if I could make time for you.

After a couple of hours, she stood up and made a grand gesture of stretching. With a sigh, she tugged open the door of the cell and stood there, hand on the door. "Well, I guess I'll see you..." She appeared to be considering her schedule. "at some point this week." 

"Not likely!" He grabbed the fork out of her pocket and jammed it into her belly. Like a shot, he bolted through the hallways and out of the Stockades.

Wincing, she pulled the fork tines out of her skin. 

"Are you alright?" Varian rushed into the cell. 

"It's only surface." She watched the wound heal. "I was trying to look incompetent, not make her a damned target. Worthless little shit." 

"Will this work?" 

"I have six of my best agents on that kid. ONE of them will give me his destination. He killed my runners; that much is true, but he hasn't had to deal with my trackers. They'll bring him to me."

Bradly walked hand in hand with Evelyn. "Portal lake is best at night, when you can see it all lit up."

"It's beautiful by itself."

"You know..." He brushed her hair back and brushed his lips across hers. "Just like you."

Her face went hot. "Y-you think?"

"I know." He grinned. "I find it funny, the past few months... I haven't given Lydia a thought when I'm with you. Even at night, I think of just you."

"Oh! Oh, my..."

"One of the family rules... is to follow what's in your heart. Do you want to know what's in my heart?"

"I want nothing more." She breathed.

He stooped down and pulled out a tiny box. Popping it open, he smiled. "That I want you to marry me."

"Oh, Bradly!" She gasped. "Yes!"

They ran back to the training yard together. 

Lydia blinked up at the two of them. "What's up?" 

"We're getting married." Bradly grinned. "She said yes!"

"I... I did." Evelyn blushed.

"It must be going around." Lydia giggled. "Warren just asked Gingy."

"WARREN?" Bradly near shrieked. "And GINGY?"

"What's wrong with THAT?" They turned around to see Gingy with her hands on her hips.

"Uhhhhhh..." Bradly rubbed the back of his head. "Nothing?"

"Damned right." Warren laughed. "I love her. She's completely crazy, but I love her."

"Oh, I'M the crazy one, huh?" Gingy crossed her arms. "I highly doubt that." She bounced. "I need to design my wedding dress!"

"Gingy..." Lydia sighed. "It's bad luck. Ask Tulani."

"Momma TULANI!" Gingy gasped. "Even better!" 

"Have you even told Momma Tulani?"

Gingy gasped. "I'm a horrible daughter! I should have told her first!" She took off running. 

Lydia giggled. "That's what you'll have to live with, Warren."

"Somehow, I think I'm going to love the hell out of it." Warren grinned.

Lydia tucked the twins into the stroller. "I'm going to go for a walk, care to join me Evelyn?"

"Yes! Of course." Evelyn fell in step with Lydia as Bradly went down into the yard. 

Jordan smacked Bradly on the back. "Finally getting married?"

"And not to Lydia... weird, isn't it?"

"I think you're making the right choice, honestly" Jordan shrugged. "Crazy sex can only get you so far in life." 

"Yeah... before Evelyn, I was starting to feel like the addon to Darguni and Lydia, rather than a romantic kind of love between me and Lydia."

"That's not a relationship, son."

"No, no it's not. Which is part of the reason I like Evelyn not wanting to have sex... I learned about her, not about my pants." 

"Good man." 

"So, he finally asked you." Lydia grinned at Evelyn. 

"You knew?"

"Bradly has been rejecting me. I knew it was only a matter of time."

"I'm so sorry!" Evelyn put her hands up to her face. "I didn't mean--"

Lydia waved a hand. "Of course not. I don't blame you, in fact, I find it adorable."

"Adorable?"

"He's been so focused on you, that he doesn't even want me, and this time it's for real."

"For real?"

"It is his to explain." Lydia shrugged. "Meanwhile, he loves you completely because that is who he is. Perhaps you and he can take the honeymoon suite of the house." Lydia winked. 

"Honeymoon suite?" 

"The top floor of the house is a room with a full view. It's beautiful up there. After, we'll have to figure out where you'll stay permanently. Then your children." 

"C-children?"

"Sorry my mind may not be as lightning fast as momma's but I still have enough of her in me to be bothersome." 

"What now?"

Both women turned back and looked at Elunara. "Bradly is marrying Evelyn." 

"About damned time." Elunara snorted. "That silly little box has been eating a hole in his pocket for a month now."

"How did you know about that?" Lydia blinked.

"Saw him buy it." 

"Oh. That's funny."

"I've already arranged with Varian and Ina, so, as soon as you two pick a date, the Keep will be decorated to the hilt."

"We're getting married in the Keep?" Evelyn gasped.

"Unless you'd prefer the fountain out front... which I actually recommend. Lydia's wedding was gorgeous there."

"Oh! Oh, my... I just..."

Elunara snagged Evelyn before she could hit the ground. "Well, then." 

Lydia giggled. "Poor girl."

"Well, I have been told that I'm overwhelming to some." She scooped Evelyn up. "I'll get her to her inn room."

"Need help?"

"Nope, I got it."

"I'm going to finish my walk and take the babies up to mine and Darguni's favorite spot."

"Sounds good."

Humming to herself, Lydia made her way through town. It always amused her to sense Tara's hate around some corner or another. What was more concerning lately... was sensing Minuette nearby, and often close to Tara. Why either of them was watching her so closely, was beyond her. Perhaps she needed to mention it to Elunara. For now, she lost their tail easily and made her way high up on the hill. Tugging both children free, she tossed them a set of toys, before lying on her side and just watching them.

Darguni found them all piled together, sound asleep. Dargek woke first and pulled himself up on his legs. He stood crooked and fell sideways into the soft grass. Laughing, Darguni pulled his son into his lap. "That's my good boy." He tossed the child in the air to wild giggles.

Lydia woke and lay in the grass, just watching. "He tries so hard to walk."

"That's because he's my big strong boy." Darguni grinned.

"Lily walks well, but she doesn't have the determination her brother does." Lydia cuddled the still sleeping girl. "It's like "ok, I can do this, big deal, don't care". And then she goes right back to her toys." 

"Well, my son is a fighter, and that's all he needs." He gave Dargek big smacking kisses, before setting him down with the toys. Dargek pulled himself up again and tried to walk, only to fall over in the uneven hill. Darguni fought the tears as he sat down and held Dargek's tiny hands and helped him to walk.

"It still hurts him to do." Lydia choked on her words. She held out her hands. "Let me heal him, he's worked it too hard."

They traded babies, and Darguni cuddled Lily. "I'll be alright, you'll see."

"Momma tries and tries to heal him, but she said that the bone is too short, and the muscle isn't connected to the right places. He'll always have the bad leg, and it'll always hurt him to use."

"Gods." Darguni sighed. 

"He loves to move, though. No matter how much it bothers him, he fights and he fights. I don't think he understands that the pain is his own body being so cruel to him." Tears streamed down her face. 

He wiped her cheeks. "My love, I'm so sorry."

"And yet..." She gave a watery laugh. "I'd have more... I'd give you more children."

"Oh, Baby." He tugged her over into his embrace. "My beautiful love."

"But, for now, we'll enjoy our children. Perhaps Bradly and Evelyn will give our children some cousins to play with."

He grinned down at her. "Changed your mind about letting him try with you?"

"Between me, you and the babies, I wasn't thrilled with the idea."

"Really?" 

"I just wanted to make him happy. I love Bradly, but it would have been to help him, not for me, so to speak."

"I'll be damned."

"You I love, my beautiful husband." She rubbed her cheek on his massive chest. "I'm so happy that Bradly found his one... because I haven't been able to put myself fully into the relationship." She sighed. "I've been using him like a tool. We have a toolkit, we don't NEED Bradly."

"Why haven't you said anything before?"

"Because I do love him. But... after all that has been said and done... I can't fully commit to him. He is an addition to our games, but he is not an addition to my heart. I just can't give him all of what he needs to feel whole. Evelyn can, because she'd be fully devoted to him. I can't compete with that, nor do I want to try." 

"Baby, you're a beautiful person, just for wanting to give him what he could not have, knowing full well what happened with Dargek's leg. That you were even willing to try..."

She shrugged. "It is what it is. Funny how everything worked out anyway." She winked.

He crushed his mouth to hers. The pair of children squawked at being squished between their parents. They broke contact with a laugh. 

Putting Dargek down, she sighed. "I should tell you, Minuette and Tara hang out too often."

At the mention of their names, his hackles raised. "What?"

"I "spot" them on my walks. Never visually, only in emotion. Tara hates the ground I walk on, and Minuette is obscenely jealous. They hang out a lot and I often see them in the same area or together."

"That's... weird and yet, highly appropriate."

"A couple of times, I've caught them on the edge of the yard, radiating lust like a pair of bitches in heat."

"They ARE a pair of bitches in heat." He snorted. "Neither one is getting what they want." 

Meanwhile:

"This is completely stupid." Minuette hissed. "Why does that little slip of a bitch, who happens to be his fucking SISTER, get him and we can't?"

"I thought for the longest time, that she had something over on him. Like blackmail. But they're so fucking sappy together."

"Succubus?"

"Nah, I've known her long enough. If it was any kind of magic, it would have outed already."

"Gods, just once. All I need is once." She held up the metal dick. "This thing is magnificent, but to have a flesh one..."

"I've had the flesh one, the metal just can't compare." Tara sighed and looked out from the alley. "The man knows how to use it." She groaned.

"So, are we going through with this plan?"

"It's the best we have. The key to Darguni is through his" Tara shuddered. "wife."