 Minuette jolted awake. Panic rose in her as she struggled against the bonds holding her down. She tried to scream, but there was a gag in her mouth.

"Hello, dumb bitch."

It was as if ice had been poured directly on her body. That voice gave her the chills. 

"I am so unbelievably pissed off at you." Elunara slapped her hand on Minuette's naked ass. "You've made me so DAMNED angry that I'm employing a brand of punishment that I have never used." She snapped on one of the ropes. 

Minuette struggled and fought. 

"Honey shit, you'll never get out of those. I have decided that, since cutting you apart and what I'm about to do to you amount to the same thing... I've decided I'd entertain myself and mix it up a bit. I freely admit that the last time I had you in here, gave me the idea. The big difference is... it was of your own free will. You will notice that we are not in the main area, nor am I using my couch. No, I knocked your ass out, built this little frame here, and tied you to it."

She pulled a paddle out. "Do you know WHY?" 

Minuette shook her head.

"First of all, it's sound proof. Second, I don't have to lock my family out of their house, and finally, I can keep you here as long as I want."

Minuette struggled and mumbled around the gag in her mouth.

"Aw, gee, you've gone and wet yourself. Here, let me demonstrate the other reason." She lit the runes on the floor and ceiling and Minuette was doused with water. Twirling the paddle in her hand, she smiled. "You know, some people actually PAY me to paddle them. Some people REALLY like being spanked... how about you?" She whacked Minuette on the ass. 

Minuette jolted and struggled.

"You went after my daughter." Whack. "Kidnapped her," Whack. "Tried to scare her." Whack. "And were going to blackmail my son into having sex with you." Whack." 

Tears streamed down Minuette's face.

"Tears? Already? I've barely even started. Most last longer with my dagger." Elunara spanked Minuette until both sides of her ass was red. She tossed the paddle to the side. "Your tears say no..." She reached down and slid her fingers between the folds. "But the rest of you says yes." Moving her hand away, she slipped through the damp on her fingers. "I'd say you're enjoying this." 

She picked up a tool. "Last time I had you like this, you wanted a nice little line of men fucking you. Is that your wish now?"

Minuette tried to move her head, but couldn't get far, so she mumbled around the gag.

"Well, we're not here to fulfill wishes, now are we?" She shoved the rod into Minuette's front. "I've barely had the chance to study women in this capacity before... Let's have a little fun, shall we?"

Minuette just squeaked.

Sometime later, Elunara stuck her head out of the door. "Darguni, that you?"

"Yeah, Momma?" 

"Can you bring me your copy of your dick?"

"Uhh... Yeah, sure." 

He walked into the room where Elunara was, and blinked. "The hell is THIS bitch doing here?"

Elunara held out a hand. "Punishment. Give."

Passing over the metal dick, he considered. "She's a complete mess." He ran a finger over a cut.

"Eh, she'll heal. Eventually." Elunara moved around. "Strangely, by my best guess, she still wants you."

Minuette whimpered and struggled. 

He stooped down and put his hand under the night elf's chin. "Listen to me, you filthy bitch, and listen well. I don't want you. I will NEVER want you. If you come near my wife and children ever again, I will slit your worthless throat. Do you understand me?"

She tried to shrink back.

"I think you finally do." He slapped her. "That's for Lydia. Anything else Momma wants to do to you... well, that's not my problem is it?" He stood up. "Why did you want the dick?"

Elunara shoved it into Minuette's front and had the woman gasping. "After a little bit of conversation, I discovered that she'd planned on having both you and your father fucking her at the same time."

"Oh, ew." Darguni winced. "It's bad enough I fucked someone with my brother."

Elunara shrugged. "Jordan and Grogek are bothers, and they've figured out a pace for when they're both at me. It's adorable really." She shifted the sloppy metal dick up and shoved it into Minuette's ass. 

The smaller Night Elf struggled against her bonds. 

Pulling another out of her kit, she shoved it into Minuette's front. Taking a set of leather straps, she attached them to the dicks. "Unless you plan on watching me fuck her, you might want to leave. 

Darguni wandered over and leaned down. He watched the pair of dicks go in and out. "Now, that's kind of brutal."

"Minuette will learn to leave my family alone." Elunara bucked her hips back and forth as the dicks on the straps moved in and out. "Because of who I am, I can tell you, that she's actually enjoyed it. Oh, I've made her hurt, believe me... but she's pumping so much lust at me, it's like a meal on a shelf, I swear." 

"Now I know that I know how that looks... I'm going to go fuck my own wife." Darguni cackled.

"Have fun." Elunara winked.

The following day, Elunara dragged Minuette down to the docks. "And fucking STAY gone this time."

"Forgive me, Goddess Elunara." Minuette shivered. "Your anger is never matched."

Elunara shoved her onto the boat. "GET!"

Minuette landed on her face, before scrambling up and hiding in the cabin.

One of the deckhands stopped to watch. "What did you do to her?"

"What I'll do to you if you let her come back."

The man saluted. "Forgive me!"

Elunara made her way down to the training yard. Stepping behind Lydia, she sat down and pulled the woman into her lap. "It's ok, little kitten."

"I killed her, Momma." Lydia sniffled. "I was just so angry." 

"I know, sweetheart, I know." She kissed the top of Lydia's head. "You didn't mean it, but you were just trying to protect what's yours."

"While I was tied up, I used my nails to cut myself free." 

"Amazing."

"But when she said she wanted to kill my children... I forgot about the nails, I just wanted to strangle her. Even then, I didn't want her... dead."

"I know." She cuddled the weeping girl. "It's hard to deal with, I know."

"Did you..."

"Well, no. I was broken, remember? Even now, I wonder why I never felt... anything."

"Oh." Lydia sighed and stared at her hands. "I have to be careful with these horrible things."

"Tried cutting them?"

"They grow back." She whispered. "Cut them in the morning, they're back to this length by lunch."

"Freaky." 

Lydia slid out of Elunara's lap. "Why did that turn on so many men?"

Elunara choked. "Seriously?"

"The lust..." She shivered. 

"Yeah, I felt the weird little boost, but only you can pin point the worst of it."

"She was crazy, momma. The longer she talked, the weirder she got. She was pumping rage at me."

"Which is why you snapped. Remember why you snapped last time? And here she had you confined so you took the full brunt of it."

"Minuette started out on Tara's side, but got fearful in a hurry."

"Well, know that she knows the true meaning of fear, she won't be back."

"I don't doubt it." Lydia shuddered.

Elunara made her way up to the Keep. 

"How's Lydia?"

"Coping." She put her head on Varian's shoulder. "Better than I hoped, actually."

He wrapped his arms around her. "Well, she is YOUR daughter after all."

"That she is." Leaning against him, she sighed and rubbed her belly. "I hope my next daughter is just as smart and resourceful as my other two, and less of a pain in the ass as my other adopted daughter."

"How is Tina?"

"Better. She works for Zelinnia now." 

"I've seen her running things back and forth."

"She rather likes being the secretary to the secretary of the kingdom."

"That's good. Any other news of the rest of my extended family? I rarely see them or get a chance to speak with them when I do."

"Let's see..." Elunara tapped a finger to her chin. "Grogek is working his trainees near to death and I worry for him. Jordan is the happiest I've ever seen him, mostly because it's not him in some silly plot or another... Tulani is trying to get pregnant..."

"Stop. You fixed her?"

"As fixed as someone in her condition could get. I practically regrew the thing and cleared out any damaged tissue."

"Who will be the father?"

"Jordan."

Varian's eyes went wide, but he stopped and considered. "Makes the most amount of sense."

"That it does."

"Gingy is happily making clothes, and recently asked Tulani to design her wedding gown. She's marrying a soldier by the name of Warren."

"I find it somewhat hilarious that you consider her in your family now."

"Tulani adopted her, so she is mine by proxy. Also, she calls me Aunt. I find it adorable."

"Go on."

"Susan is having the time of her life, having three toddlers to shuffle around. Thankfully, Chrissy, Jenny, and Tina are all helping her out when they can."

"Also adorable."

"Ever since I had it out with Mr. Masters, Lulu has stopped trying to get you to disown her and is flourishing in her studies of the arcane. A little weak on frost, but her abilities in the shadow arts has Janella endlessly impressed. Lulu hates that. Once she's free of her warlock studies, she refuses to practice. I don't blame her, but it frustrates Janella."

"I wouldn't argue with it either." He murmured. 

"Bradly is madly in love with Evelyn and can't wait for their wedding next month."

"I'll borrow your... funny how that works. After all his time spent chasing Lydia..."

"Oh, Lydia is getting the hang of the twins and is also getting help from our friends... that and she's pregnant again."

"Wait, what?"

"Twins. Funny, huh?"

"Next time lead with that!" Varian smacked a hand to his forehead. "Double twins, oh, man."

"And a request for an immediate breaking at first opportunity." 

"So, between you and her..."

"Well I've got two months to work. She's got about four... but yeah, more baby hell at our house."

"I would hope that Emaline spend a measure of time here."

"Believe me, she will." She brushed her lips against his.

He wrapped his hands around her belly. "Mine."

She leaned back against his chest. "Yes, yours."

"If I had your drawing ability, I'd be going nuts trying to capture that."

"You can always borrow one of those silly cameras." She laughed. "What are you doing up here, Sugarbutt?"

"They said you came up this way. I need you." Zelinnia sighed.

"For?"

"Talk."

"Alright, I get the hint." Elunara untangled herself from Varian. "My house or yours?"

"Yours."

Once they got in Elunara's house, she plopped down on the couch. "What's up?"

Zelinnia climbed in her lap. "Things are worse than ever in my house. Both children are pissed at each other for falsely accusing the other about the stolen object, Abigail is refusing to even LOOK at her father, and Johnathan has locked himself in his office."

"I'm so sorry."

"I just wanted a piece of sanity before I lost mine completely." She sighed. "I just don't know what to DO!"

"I'm sorry, sweetie, I don't either." Elunara cuddled Zelinnia. "We'll think of something, bring them around to sanity."

"Abigail is my biggest concern at the moment."

Elunara sighed. "How much of the incident do you remember, or were told?"

"Not much. Johnathan doesn't talk about it, he gets upset."

"Well, the kid had nearly every child in this city under his control. He commanded you to fire on Renwa, but you fought it and fought hard. You never got a cast off. When he turned instead to Abigail, she fired, but never at full strength. I think she fought it by going for a weaker spell. She never did anything bad enough to hurt. Yeah, the stunner spells wore him down, but how injured WAS he?"

"Not."

"I've heard all about Abigail from Lulu. She's a gifted student and very powerful. If she hadn't fought, she might have killed her father. As much as she has been angry with him... she loves him more." 

"Gods, I've started to wonder if she was even capable of loving her father."

"She loves him; we've just got to show the both of them."

"ENTER!"

Elunara pushed open the door. "Renwa, we need to talk."

Taking a deep breath, Renwa knocked on Abigail's door.

"Come in!"

He pushed the door open. "Hey."

"Go away!" Abigail buried her face back into her pillow.

Tamping down on the crush of rejection, he steeled himself against the heart break. "Sweetheart, we need to talk."

"No."

"Yes." He sat down in her desk chair. "I know you tried to protect me."

Abigail's head shot up. "What?"

"Elunara told me how that boy ordered you to kill me, and even against powerful runes, was able to reduce your damage to simple stunner spells."

"I... I did?"

He nodded. "You tried to protect me, even when your mind was controlled."

"I didn't know that." She whispered.

"Sweetheart, have you been crying?"

"I... No."

Leaning forward, he brushed his thumb against her cheek. "I'm so sorry you've been so miserable."

"It's..." She hiccupped. "It's not like that."

"Yes, it is." He sighed and straightened up. "You've been so angry and miserable and my actions haven't made anything better." Closing his eyes, he sighed. "I should have trusted you more." He opened his eyes and stared at her. "Ever since the incident with the barracks, I lost a great deal of respect for you and have treated you unfairly. You were put up to a heinous act, and though I have every right to be angry with you for actually doing it... I know what it's like to be coerced into doing something you shouldn't. That sometimes, the threat of punishment is no worse than not having the respect of the person you admire.

Tina's actions were stupid, and her pressuring you into the crime was awful. However, everything after is my fault. I held your actions against you, and as such, it probably did start to look as if I valued your brother more than you, and for that I'm sorry."

She sat up. "You keep taking his side." She sniffled.

"Because I believed his judgment to be clearer than yours." Renwa raked his fingers through his hair. "That, and one other thing."

"What other thing?" 

"I have a special ability to make him confess." Renwa shot a grin. "I put my hand on his shoulder, stare into his eyes, and he just can't go against me."

"Really?" Abigail gasped. "That explains..."

"I've never used it on you."

"No, you haven't." She bit her lip. "I don't... Well, I don't really "respect" Tina all that much. I thought I was proving myself. That..." Abigail sighed. "It's stupid."

"Tell me."

"Well, Tina's mother is Elunara... even when she doesn't claim the woman as her mother, she still is. I wanted to prove that, the queen's daughter can't get in "anywhere" but the High Admiral's can."

Renwa blinked. "You're jealous of Elunara?"

"A little." Abigail ducked her head.

"You silly girl." Renwa chuckled. "The whole world is jealous of Elunara."

"Even you?"

"Especially me. I used to be her commanding officer, now she's MINE!" 

"Oh, Daddy!" Abigail giggled.

"You haven't called me that in ages." He murmured.

"I'm sorry I was so angry." She sighed. "It's hurt so much that you seem to always take Nara's side in everything."

"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I'll try harder to be fair."

"And I'll try to stay out of proving contests." She snorted.

"Are we clear?"

"Yeah, I'd say so."

"Can I get a hug?"

Throwing her arms around his neck, she laughed. "Of course."