 Elunara dropped her head on her desk. She was completely exhausted. Of ten thousand, four hundred and ninety seven agents, she had already signed the execution warrant for three hundred and fifty two of them. Another Two hundred and twenty seven of them were in the stockades... and twelve of them just needed to be told that they were being blackmailed over nothing. Only three hundred agents were actually in Jameson's little tally packet, but after full case review...

"Enter!"

Mathias walked in. 

"Please give me good news."

"Of the fifteen hundred agents I have already gone through, only thirty five of them were guilty of something sinister."

"Oh, thank the gods."

"I've picked out another fifteen hundred to work through."

"Good, with the three of us working on case review, we should have our agents sort--" She put a hand to her hip. "Not NOW Emaline!"

"Whatever is the matter?" Mathias was at her side in an instant. 

"Emaline wants to be born NOW!" Elunara gasped. "Shit, I'm tapped of energy! I don't... GAH!" She struggled to stand. "I need the yard if I'm to handle the rest. Help me!"

Mathias yanked her arm over his neck and helped her down to the training yard. 

She held up her free hand. "I NEED YOUR ENERGY!" 

All attention turned to Elunara, and many just outright knelt down and held out their hands. "We hear you, our goddess!" They all cried.

Taking a deep breath, she eased her own contractions. "Help me to Ina."

"At once."

Elunara climbed up on a table, before slicing herself open with her dagger. Ina snatched the dagger as Elunara blacked out.

Varian shoved his way through the crowd. "PART AT ONCE!" He cried. All jumped to the side, and let him pass into the healer building. "Where?"

Mathias just pointed. 

Ina wiped her hands on a rag. "You're just in time." Tia placed the infant into Varian's arms, while Ina went back to healing Elunara. After the wound was sealed, she brought Elunara out of her sleep. "You heal the rest."

"Right." Elunara summoned her glow and directed her energy into her own belly. All at once, the wound healed in both parts, returning Elunara to her original state.

"She's so beautiful." Varian murmured.

"Let me see our child." Elunara held up her hands. "Oh, how curious. Human skin tone, elf ears and eyes. She could pass for a blood elf." She cuddled the infant. When Emaline began to cry, Elunara switched to nursing.

Varian grinned. "Mine."

"Yes, yours." She winked. She shuffled the infant to the other side.

He leaned down and kissed her. "Let's go show the world."

They stood in the throne room of the Keep, to standing room only. Emaline was wrapped in a blanket and blissfully napping.

"I now present to you, Princess Emaline Wyrnn."

Afterward, she laid Emaline in the crib. "Such a tiny thing against all of this grandeur."

"She'll never want for anything."

"Like my own kids did?" She winked.

"I didn't mean to offend..."

"I'm just teasing, my love." She kissed his cheek. 

"My little girl."

At the knock on the door, both looked over. "May I see her?" Anduin smiled. "I'd like to get to know my little sister, if it's alright."

"Of course." 

Varian grinned. "It would please me endlessly."

"I can't BELIEVE this!" Lydia sat on the hill with Darguni.

"Well, by my estimation, Lily and Dargek will be two when they're born..."

"ARGH!" Lydia yanked at her hair. "I was thinking... five, maybe six? So they could help out."

"It is what it is, my love." He buried his face in her hair. 

"I won't lie; I hope they're not Bradly's."

"I don't blame you." He sighed. "I love my brother, but if he's marrying someone else and forswearing you off, then it would be an awkward thing."

"I agree."

The man in question was sitting by Portal Lake, Evelyn in his lap. She cuddled up against him. "I can't believe it... we're getting married next week." She giggled.

"Mm, I can't wait." He buried his face in her hair. 

"Your mother's baby is so cute." 

"Yeah, isn't she? I can't wait until we can have our own." He winked. 

She turned deep crimson. "Oh, YOU!" With a little sigh, she picked at her dress. "What of Lydia's?"

"If it's mine, it's mine." He shrugged. "We can't take it back, we can only move forward. So our family will be a little strange. We LIKE strange around here."

The following day, Elunara laid Emaline down with the other napping children. "How goes it?"

"Momma, can we try testing again?" Lydia sighed. "I'm anxious to know."

"Alright, alright. It's been a few weeks since I last tried." She waved to Darguni. 

He jogged over. "What's up?"

"We're going to test you again. Lay your hand on her belly." When he complied, Elunara pulled the line of information from the pair of children and trailed to Darguni's hand. "We have a double match." 

"Yes!" Darguni pumped his fist in the air. "All mine!" He picked Lydia up and twirled her.

"You moron!" Lydia turned and barfed. 

"Shit! I'm sorry! You haven't had half of the problems that you did the first time."

Bradly came over. "What's going on?"

"The twins belong to ME!" Darguni wrapped an arm around Bradly's neck. 

"Oh, thank the Gods." Bradly sighed. "Now that I have Evelyn..."

"Where is she?" Lydia wiped her mouth with a damp napkin. 

"She got a job at the jeweler's. Seems she's got quite the eye for gems and settings."

"That's amazing." She clapped her hands. "I had hoped to get her singing with me, but this is even better."

Darguni made his way back to his section of the yard. "Hey, Dad?"

Grogek grunted.

"They're mine."

A grin kept across Grogek's face. "More grandchildren for me." He coughed. "They would have been mine anyway..."

"No, you're correct. It was an odd situation, but it's righted itself. This is just better."

"That it is, son." Grogek whacked Darguni on the shoulder. "I'm proud of you." 

"Thanks, dad." He watched the trainees for awhile. "How about Mom's new baby?"

"She's beautiful, just like her mother." Grogek grinned again. "I am, admittedly, disappointed that she will be spending the majority of her time up at the keep for the next few months, but I understand it completely. Varian should have his time with his infant daughter, and I am grateful to them both that we get what time we do in the mean time."

"Yeah... Our family dynamic is fluid enough for such things."

"That it is."

"I'm being called back."

"Go to her."

"What's up?"

"I forgot to tell you." Elunara grinned. "You're getting a pair of daughters."

"Oh, wow." He put his hands on Lydia's belly. "My little girls." He whispered.

"Man, three girls. Get out while you can." Warren snorted.

"What are you doing over here?" Darguni pushed Warren's face.

"Being nosey. Also, I wanted to know if I could hold your kids..."

"Whatever for?" Lydia blinked.

"I'm pregnant, and he wants practice." Gingy interrupted.

"You are?" Lydia climbed on to the platform and threw her arms around Gingy. "I'm so happy for you!"

"Yeah, Tia told me this morning. I'm about two and a half months at this point. Tia's a sensitive." She shrugged. "Missed my period, you know how it goes."

"Sort of." Lydia giggled. "I'm having twin girls!"

"OH THE DRESSES!" Gingy squealed. 

"I know!"

"Oh, Goddess, I might run..." Elunara rubbed her temple. "Hey, idiots, don't wake the..." She sighed as Emaline began to cry. "Babies." She scooped her child up as Susan and Lydia began to comfort their own. Darguni and Bradly snagged babies and began to croon and calm the pack. Even Warren plucked up Tilly and made silly faces at the child. 

Elunara sat down and began the process of nursing. "That's my pretty little thing." She murmured. 

"Momma?" 

"Yes, Lulu?"

"Can I hold my sister?" 

"After I'm done."

Lulu leaned over. "She looks so different from the other babies."

"Because she's half night elf, half human." 

"I know that." Lulu rubbed her fingers on Emaline's hand.

A first break, Nara jogged over. "Hi, Lulu. Whatcha doin'?"

"I wanted to see my sister." 

"Yeah, she's cute." He tried to peer over the edge of the blankets. "So... what do you think about having kids?"

"Eventually, it might be fun." Lulu smiled down at the infant. "She's so pretty." 

"Yeah..." He sighed.

William sat down next to Lulu. "Can I hold her?" He looked up at Elunara.

Nara narrowed his eyes, but said nothing.

"Sure." 

Lulu carefully transferred the infant to William's arms. "There you go."

"She's kind of neat. I like her big ears." 

"What do you think of having children?" Lulu ran her fingers across the infant's forehead.

"I guess..." He blushed at Lulu. "If my wife wants them, she can have them."

"That's a good policy to have." Lulu laughed.

"Your father said the same thing." Elunara knelt down. "When Chrissy wanted babies, Gerald did everything he could to get her one. When I handed you over, he told her that it was her decision. In the end though, he fell in love with you near immediately."

"Really?"

"Really, really." Gerald grinned up. "Without hesitation, I let your mother have the baby she so desired. In the end, I got the best part of the deal, because I got a wife AND a son." He held out his hands and took the infant. "One day, son... I hope you find your own Chrissy, and give me grandkids... just not any time soon." He jerked a finger at William.

William went brilliant red. "Yes, father."

After a moment, he passed Emaline back to Elunara. "Glad I only had one though." 

"Coward." Elunara snorted.

"How many people live in your house NOW?" Gerald grinned.

"Too damned many." Elunara snorted. 

"NARA RENWA!"

Nara shot straight up and froze. 

"I said take FIVE not FIFTEEN, get your ass back over here!"

"Yes, sir!" Nara jogged back.

"I don't give a shit who your father is, I don't make exceptions for my own son, I'm not making exceptions for you!" Jordan growled.

"I never asked for any." Nara muttered; his face on fire.

"What was that?"

"Nothing, sir!" Nara went back to training.

Later, Elunara pulled Jordan to the side. "You WERE a little harsh."

"The boy needs discipline!"

"Fuck that. The commander needs to stop being so protective of his daughter."

"He's SIXTEEN! I know what boys of that age want!"

"Oh, please. Even if that WAS his issue, Lulu isn't buying it." She giggled. "In fact, she's completely oblivious."

"What?"

"She told me so herself... she thinks that William is her little brother, and Nara her cousin."

"Oof."

"I asked her. She even TOLD William that he was her little brother and that she has to protect him."

"Oh, ow. That had to hurt."

"What I do find interesting... is Lydia's assessment."

"Dare I ask?"

"William is crushing pretty hard... Nara tripped over into love."

Jordan went sheet white. "What?"

"From her point of view..." Elunara's voice was low and reflective. "Nara would give his life to protect Lulu." 

"He would?"

"That's what Lydia reads. He loves her, he wants to protect her; he's waiting, ever so patiently, for her and just her."

"Oh, Gods. Do we have another Bradly?"

"Maybe."

Bradly and Evelyn stood, hand in hand at the altar. Her family had come in from Duskwood to attend the wedding. After the wedding, Bradly and Evelyn made their way up to the top floor bedroom. 

Evelyn walked over to a window and gasped. "Oh, wow, this view is amazing!"

"Yes, it is." He grinned at her. "And I plan on getting my hands on that amazing view." He winked.

Biting her lip, she blushed. "Oh!" 

He brushed his fingers across her cheeks as he pulled her to his mouth. Carefully, with expert skill, he danced his lips with hers. His hands trailed across her shoulders, down her arms and across her hips. Sliding his hands back, he found the zipper to her dress and pulled it down. With soft and slow movements, he disrobed her. 

Unable to help himself, he whistled at the white lacy bits that covered her body. "Tulani?"

"Uh huh." She fidgeted. "I had no idea how I would survive this silly thing. It makes all of my movements tickle."

"Is that so?" He tugged her over and captured her mouth. "Then it stays." He purred

"Oh my!"

He danced her back to the bed and laid her delicately on it, before yanking his own clothes off and tossing them to the side.

She stared in rapt amazement at his hardened dick. "That... goes in me?" She squeaked.

"Beautifully." He whispered, as he climbed in between her legs. "I'll make it beautiful." Bending down, he brushed his lips across hers. "Because you are mine and I want everything to be beautiful for you." 

"Oh, Bradly!" 

He pressed deeper into the kiss, mating mouths together, before he trailed kisses down her chin and jaw, working his way to that crease in her neck. Exploring her neck and shoulder, he delighted in the noises she was making as she grabbed at him. Across the silky fabric, he worked down to her breasts, teasing and pinching the nipples through the fabric.

She writhed and gasped as he kissed her belly. She squirmed under his attentions. "Too much!" She cried.

"Forgive me, my darling, for I need to explore all of you to understand how to best please you."

"Oh, but you're doing wonderfully." She gasped, clinging to the bed sheets with desperation. 

"There's more to come." He purred, licking his way down her belly to the soft hairs below. 

"What are you--?" She gasped and grabbed his hair when he licked her flat against the panties she wore. "Bradly!"

He tugged them to the side and licked the delicious pink center. He drove her wild with his tongue and fingers pressed into her. Moving upwards, he adjusted himself and pressed the tip of his dick against that open wetness. "Here I go." He whispered; sliding in, inch by glorious inch, until his erection filled that clamping hot space. Gentle as a whisper, he slid in and out of her, as she clung to him, gasping and calling his name. He increased his speed, until he was pumping in and out of her with a fury he had never known before.

When at last she cried out with the force of her orgasm, they were both shocked by her sudden transformation into the furry worgen shape. 

He let go of himself and lay on top of her. "This is new." He ran his hands over her soft and furry body. 

"Oh, Bradly, I'm so sorry!" She put her hand over her face. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Why? I kind of like it." He wiggled. "You're so soft and pretty."

"Really?" 

"Always." He grinned down at her. "We're going to have to play with this. I like the feel of your beautiful black fur against my body. There's a book down stairs about using different materials on your skin... this isn't just workable, this is gorgeous."

"You mean it?" She whispered. 

"Very much so." 

"Oh, Bradly." She flung her arms around him. 

"I will ask that you watch the claws." He winced. "Those suckers are pointy."

"OH NO!" She jolted out of bed. "I didn't scratch you, did I?"

"Nah, just poked. Like thorns on a rose bush. We'll just have to be careful to get our flowers." He winked.