 Emaline was nearly four months old when Elunara finally finished reviewing the last set of case and agent records.

Mathias set a bundle down. "They're all clear."

"Thank the Goddess." She sighed. 

"Aren't you thanking yourself?"

She burst out in laughter. "I think I am."

"Elunara the mother, who laughs and smiles... It still strikes me as weird."

"The best KIND of weird." With a happy sigh, she scooped the sleeping child out of the small crib she kept in her office. "I used to think that I'd hate this kind of stuff. Now, I'd be lost without my children and family."

"I like you like this." He sat on the edge of the desk. "If you told me that the completely crazy night elf standing in front of me on that first day was going to turn out like you have..." He shrugged. 

"Thanks, dad." She snorted.

"That might be the weirdest part." He laughed. 

"Want to hold your newest grandchild?" She winked.

"That I do." He held out his hands. "I missed my own children growing up, but I have my grand children. The twins turned fifteen recently. Mary is a riot too. She's nine."

"I know." Elunara winked. "I keep tabs on my nieces and nephews. That means Jenny's children, as well as Chrissy's and Zelinnia's."

"Yes, yes, I remember." He laughed. "She's so pretty..." He murmured.

"That she is. I can't wait to see if my vision matches up with the reality."

"Vision?"

"Sometimes, when I touch her, I can see her as she will be. Occasionally, I see her as an adult, holding down the throne as Queen."

"Amazing."

"I could see Lulu; I've seen glimmers of others. It's a fascinating ability to have." 

"Any word from our escapee?"

"I've been getting notifications. Apparently, he moves frequently, stops rarely, and has led them to a number of small pocket groups. No leader so far."

"Would it be too much to ask you to keep me apprised?"

"Of course not. I'm still using you." She stuck out her tongue.

Afterwards, Elunara made her way into Tulani's studio. "How's my girl and her baby?"

Tulani giggled. "We're lovely, actually."

"Couple more months, and I'll be able to tell you the gender."

"Oh, I so hope it's a girl."

"Just so you can put her in five hundred dresses."

"You know me." Tulani winked. "Can I hold Emaline?"

"Of course." Elunara tugged the baby out of the sling and passed her over.

Lydia waddled her way down to the training yard. She was already two weeks further than the first two, but she felt so much bigger. Speaking of, the twins were currently passed out in the stroller. As she walked, she sang. By time she reached the training yard, she was singing so loudly, that all turned and looked at her. Blushing deeply, she pushed the stroller in place before sitting down next to Susan.

"You're late." Susan winked. "Had to pee?"

"Twice! I was surprised I had any left in me."

"Sweetie, did you know your skirt is wet?"

"It is?" She blinked down. "The hell? Where in the world...?" Wincing, she swore. "I think my water broke!"

"BRADLY! DARGUNI!" Susan called

"What's wrong?" Bradly jogged over.

"Run to the SI:7, Lydia needs Elunara."

Darguni made his way over. "What's wrong?"

"The babies..." Lydia whimpered. 

"I have the children, get her to Ina's!" Susan clapped her hands. 

Darguni scooped Lydia up and ran. "Geez, can our children never wait the full nine months?"

"Good question." She gasped. "Gods, I forgot how to ease the cramps like momma showed me."

"Just work on breathing."

"Trying!"

He laid her gently on the bed. "Tia's here, she can help."

"I've been training with your mother." Tia laid her hand on Lydia's belly. "See?"

"Ahh, don't stop."

"Where is she?" Elunara bolted into the building. 

"In here, Momma." Darguni waved a hand. 

After a bit of work, Elunara held out a newborn to Darguni. "One fang, same as yours."

"Her complexion is the same as mine as well." He laid the child on the table. "No deformities."

"Here comes number two." She passed the newborn to Tia and began her work sealing Lydia up.

Darguni ran his finger under the gum of the new one. "Tiny fang. Like, barely there. But she has Lydia's complexion. No other deformities."

"Thank the Gods." Elunara mumbled.

Lydia moaned and put a hand to her head. "Momma?"

"I'm all done and we have your babies." 

"Did you break me?"

"Sorry sweetie, I dare not risk your ability to feed the babies. We'll just have to wait."

Lydia sighed and laid back. "Alright. Where are my babies?"

"Here's the first out." Darguni passed a newborn into Lydia's arms. 

"This will be Wenrietta." Lydia cuddled the baby. "Nothing seems wrong with her, just the usual fang." 

"Nothing is wrong with either of them." Darguni kissed Lydia's temple. 

"Praise Elune." Lydia sighed, as she took the other one. "And you will be my little Lani."

"Lani?" Darguni gasped.

"Yes."

"Tulani will be thrilled." Elunara kissed Lydia's temple. 

"So many babies in this house." They were back home, and Elunara laughed at the bedroom filled with children. 

"Today, not only did Dargek, Lily, Grogash, and Mimsy turn two today, but Wenrietta and Lani were born today. Six children, one birthday..."

"Imagine the sleepovers." Elunara laughed. After a moment, she slapped a hand over her face. "Oh GODS, imagine the sleepovers!!"

Lydia giggled. "Except, you'd have three mothers to help." She tapped a finger to her chin. "Then again, I doubt all of these children would have too many extra friends. I would imagine that they all would share a fair amount."

"This is true." Elunara shrugged. "How does it feel... to have so many?"

"I'm freaking out over here."

Darguni chuckled and wrapped his arms around her. "I'm here."

"That you are." She brushed her lips against his.

"You know..." Elunara grinned. "I can watch a pair of newborns..."

Darguni scooped Lydia up. "Thanks, Momma." 

In the bedroom, Darguni tossed Lydia on the bed and she giggled wildly. "Someone's in a mood."

"I want to thank my wife for giving me so many children to enjoy."

"Is that a fact?"

"That it is." He climbed onto the bed and captured her mouth with his own. 

His fingers found the edge of her shirt and slipped up under. Slowly, he tugged her shirt up, exposing her breasts. With a grin, he gently licked a nipple with the flat of his tongue. She groaned and wiggled under him. After tugging the shirt off of her, he tossed it to the side and cupped her breasts. "I love how large they are. Even more so while you nurse." His thumbs stroked the nipples.

"Oh, you! They're so sensitive!" She squirmed.

"Sorry, my love." He kissed the tops of her breasts. "I'll be gentle." Moving up, he captured her mouth once more. His hands caressed and cupped her breasts, as he moved his mouth in time to hers. Gently, softly, they danced their lips together, inserting tongues and tangling their flavors together. Eventually, he moved down her chin, across her jaw, and to her neck. Gentle kisses trailing along as he moved. 

She writhed underneath him, whispering words of love and affection, of pleasure and release. Her hands came up behind his head and tugged on that ponytail she had given him. Even as he pressed his mouth to her breasts, she held on to him.

He ran his hand over that faint scar on her belly. "This is how you gave me children." He murmured

"For you." She whispered.

Caressing with his lips, he moved his way down her tiny body and to those soft curls beneath. Slipping his fingers through the hairs, he was pleased to discover how wet she was. He licked her flat and she gasped and scrambled to hang on to him. He buried his tongue and lips into those slicked folds, loving how she writhed. When he used the tip if his fang on the inside of her thigh, she near spasmed out of his grasp. Chuckling, he returned to her wet center, and slipped a finger into her. In and out he pumped his finger as his tongue worked on that top part. When she clamped down, he just buried his tongue as deep as he could manage. 

After waiting her out, he lifted himself above her and smiled. "Gods, you're beautiful."

"Oh, Darguni..."

He went for her mouth again, tormenting her with the flavors of his mouth. Ever so slowly, he began to push himself into that dripping heat. When at last he was buried deep into her, he lay there for the moment, just to enjoy the feel of her under him. When she began to whisper words of love and devotion, he began to move his hips. Together they rocked in and out, up and down, moving ever faster, as desperation took them to where they wished to go. 

She cried out his name and raked her nails down his back. He roared with the pain of it, even as he released into her clamping dark. 

They lay together, gasping. 

"Oh Gods, Darguni, I'm so sorry." She ran her hand over his back.

He grinned. "And here I thought Bradly got all of the cool scars."

The next day, Darguni pushed one stroller, while Lydia pushed the other. "Ugh, four at once, I'm going to go mad."

"We won't let you."

Lydia turned. "Chrissy!"

"Don't forget me." Jenny giggled. "Double twins? I thought mine were bad."

Darguni laughed. "I leave you in good hands."

Chrissy took hold of Darguni's stroller. "With our kids being teenagers and mostly out of our hair..."

"We figured we'd give you as much assistance as you need." Jenny giggled again. "Well, I have Mary, but she's doing well in her priest training."

Susan sat on the platform, her own twins napping with their oldest sister. With a sigh, she watched Grogek put his trainees through their paces. She sat and she worried for her husband.

When the trainee missed his mark, Grogek growled. "Do it over!"

"Sir... I..."

"NOW!"

"Yes, sir." He tried to repeat, but stumbled.

"DO IT OVER!"

"I'm trying."

"Not hard enough." 

"I'm giving all I have!" The man growled.

Grogek knocked the man backwards. "NO YOU'RE NOT!" 

"YES I AM!"

He summoned his axe. "You want to go against ME?"

The trainee's eyes went wide and he scrambled backwards.

"GROGEK, STOP!" Susan flung herself between the man and Grogek's axe.

Grogek dismiss his axe mid-swing. "Susan?"

"Grogek, stop this. This isn't you; this isn't how you do things."

"Susan, I..."

"Look at yourself, look at your men. You don't use corporal punishment. You don't attack your own men. Look at them," She gestured. "Look at what you're doing. You've been torturing them for months on end. You have to let Tabitha go. It's one thing to strengthen them, to push them to their limit. It's another thing altogether, to exhaust them past the point of usefulness."

He shook his head. "What have I done?"

"I thought I was dead." The soldier whispered.

"No one has gone against you, because they're all too afraid to tell you."

"But you're not." He whispered. 

"Because I know you'd never hurt me." She reached up and put her hands on either side of his face. "I trust you completely." When he spoke in orcish, she just smiled. "There's my gentle husband."

He turned to the trainee on the ground. "You're free to go. In fact, all of my trainees are free to take the week off."

"If you don't mind, sir..." The man stood up. "I'd be happy with a day of rest. A week is just too long without daily work."

Grogek grinned. "THAT'S the attitude I like to hear, Martin."

"It took me four seasons to even get chosen, I'm not giving up now." He rubbed his neck. "The training is rough, but that's what we signed up for." 

"Forgive me for getting out of control." Grogek put a hand on Martin's shoulder.

"You're forgiven. Your wife is amazing for what she did."

"Oh, don't mind me." Susan blushed and looked at her shoes.

Martin put a hand on her shoulder. "No, don't do that. You could have been hurt."

"Grogek will never hurt me. I trust that." 

Grogek scooped her up. "He's right. Let me show you... my appreciation." Looking around, he growled. 

"What are you standing around for?"

"Oh, the babies!" Susan pointed.

"I've got them." Elunara waved. "Go maul each other." 

Several days later, Elunara called Gerald into her office at SI:7

"Man, it's weird to see you in that chair, and Mathias nowhere to be found."

"That it is." Elunara grinned. "I called you in here today to say that I've reviewed your request for retirement."

"And?"

"I have a counter offer."

"A counter offer?" He blinked.

"I want you to be my right hand man."

"You... want me?"

"Sure, the pay is lousy, but you'll never be sent out again, and you'll be supporting me when I need it."

"You want me to support you?" He blinked. "Mathias didn't have a--"

"Actually, he did. He had several. How do you think we were summoned?"

"That's actually a valid point." Gerald scratched his neck.

"Gerald, I could have anybody in this entire organization, and if you turn me down, I have a list of people to call on. However, I will only accept the very best and you ARE my best. Not to mention how well we work together. You've supported me for damned near twenty years, and when I needed you for the Jameson project, you were there for me. I NEED you."

"I'll never be sent back out?"

"Unless you want to."

"Hell, the main reason I was quitting was to be with my wife and son. I'll do it."

Elunara let out a breath. "Thank the Goddess, I was a little worried."

"Aren't you thanking yourself?"

"Oh, hush you."