 Lina pulled the skirt and top from her body, fuming. Grabbing her favorite ivy inspired outfit, the leaves just barely covering her ample curves, she glared around the lavish room. "We are more and more like humans every day! Fae's used to be free flying creatures. The forest was happier then, more prosperous. Now there is nothing but rules and regulations," she muttered, pulling the pins out of her waist length auburn hair, combing the curls with her fingers until they fell over her shoulders and around her barely clad body. "You can't wear anything that might seem inappropriate if you are a lady of the court. Those outfits of yours Lina, they are too much like a pixie's outfit. You are a fairy, a ruler of this forest! You must behave like one. No more flying off whenever you have a whim. And please, please, treat the men of the court with respect. You are old enough to be married soon, and yet you treat all the men as playthings, sleeping with whom you will, when you will." Her mother's words flitted through her mind as she scrubbed off the makeup her mother's servants had painstakingly applied during the lecture two candlemarks before. Throwing open the windows of her room, she tossed the betrothal ring the ancient lord had placed on her finger only moments before. 

I am not a human to be bartered for better standing in the court for my parents. I will not be chained to a doddering fool. Nor to someone I don't love. Ever! I am a strong intelligent woman who thinks for herself. If mother and father wanted a drone to parrot their words and ideas and do exactly what they want, they should have had a human girl! These thoughts ran through her mind as she spread her large gossamer wings wide and took off from the window sill. In moments, she left the castle of the King and Queen behind her, losing herself in the forest surrounding the Fae city of Karlin. 

As she wove through the tall, ancient trees, her fury started to abate, leaving her scared and lonely. Even her sister Mira, her dearest friend, had thought there was nothing wrong with the marriage her parents wanted to trap her in. No one had stood up for her at that long table. Not even Gaset, the man she had been dallying with lately. His eyes had met hers and his green wings and drooped, but he said nothing. Not that she had wanted to marry him. No, Gaset was fine for an evening's worth of fun, but she wanted to marry a man she loved, and he was just a mere friend. Then, there was the fear of her parent's reaction when she returned. She had stormed from the room, leaving them to face Lord Lakin, her soon to be husband. She had cost her parents face in front of the entire court, and she knew that is would cost her in return. 

She felt tears come to her large violet eyes as she started to head for the ground. Her bare feet touched the soft grass and she folded her wings tightly against her, the color matching her eyes perfectly. She tried to muster the anger she had felt in her room, but nothing came but the fear and loneliness. She wrapped her slim arms around herself and walked through the dappled dimness, not even seeing her path, knowing she could fly out of reach of danger in an instance. Half a candlemark later, she heard splashing, the sound pulling her out of her thoughts. Curiosity pushed aside her turmoil as she ducked low behind some bushes to peer through the green foliage at the small pond before her. Peering through the leaves, she gasped at the sight before her. A creature she had never seen, but resembled an elf, was bathing naked in the pond. He was taller then the men of her land, but shorter then the elves her people traded with. His lean, muscular body glistened with water, his skin dark as night. His long white hair spoke of old age to her, but his handsome, unlined face placed him closer to her own age. 

She bit her lip to hold back the gasp of surprise when he opened his eyes and she looked into vivid red eyes. Darting back into the brush, she let the leaves fall back, blocking her view of the strange man. For a moment, she considered leaving the creature to his bath and continuing on her walk. But, just as fast as it took the thought to cross her mind, she discarded it, her curiosity urging her to stay and watch. Settling herself in a more comfortable spot, she breathed a spell to keep the bugs away from her and then parted the leaves again. By now the strange man was lathering his long hair with soap, a look of pure joy on his handsome face. Lina watched entranced as he dipped under the water to rinse the soap out. When he stood up fully, she had to bite back another gasps of surprise.

His member, still soft, rivaled the men of her race. She could feel herself growing moist under her ivy leaves from just looking at it. It hung proudly, just begging to be kissed and caressed. And Lina wanted to be the one to do so. One slim hand slipped between her thighs, touching her aching clit as she used the tip of one wing to caress her already stiff nipples. She watched as the man walked to the far shore of the pond, done with his bath. He lay down on the soft grass of the bank, pillowing his head with his arms and staring up at the clouds. He looked so relaxed and at peace, she envied him. He probably had not a care in the world, unlike her. But despite her jealousy, her fingers danced over her stiffening clit, her large violet eyes riveted to the dark figure before her.

She bit her lip again as she felt her body heat up even more. Dipping one long finger inside her dripping sheath, she closed her eyes and envisioned it was the dark stranger who was caressing her g-spot, pressing firmly and rubbing her clit with his thumb. She could feel his touch, feather light, on her nipple, sending throbs of pleasure through her body to center in her sensitive clit. Slipping her other hand over her body, she made it into his hand, picturing the skin tone difference, his darkness against her paleness. The thought made her hotter, never having experienced anything like that before. She wondered how much he would fill her tiny body and if it would hurt her if he did. 

She leaned back forgetting her surroundings, her body falling out of the bush, the long auburn strands of her hair fanning out onto the water. In her mind's eye, she saw the dark stranger coming to her and loving her. His hands and mouth on her body were both loving and tender. Moaning softly, she felt herself reach the edge of her climax. Lina opened her eyes to watch the stranger, holding off her climax until she could see him. But with a start, she realized the far bank was empty. And that she was clearly exposed, her leaves pushed aside to reveal her large breasts with their tight, hard nipples. Caution overcame her desire as she scrambled up, pulling the leaves back into place. Sucking on her fingers, relishing the taste of her own juices, she searched for any sign of that tall man. 

Sinafay crept closer to the small creature he has spotted. His feet fell silently on the thick forest undergrowth, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. Could Lady Akoral have sent this fragile creature to entice him back to her? He doubted it, but until he was sure, he had to be cautious. Even if the surprising sight of her pleasuring herself had stirred his cock to life. When she had fallen out of the bush, startling him out of his light sleep, his first instinct had been to take her. Take her hard and fast and ask questions after. But the swim through the cool waters of the pond had taken the edge off his desire, allowing him to think clearly. He couldn't go back to Akoral. No matter what, he would keep tight hold of his newfound freedom. He was tired of being made into less then chattel, to be used when his lady wanted him. 

But the creature before him made him catch his breath. She made such a pretty picture, kneeling there on the grassy back. Her long curls tumbled around her slim body, the wet ends leaving trails of moisture over her ivory skin. He loved the paleness of her skin, so different from the Drow ladies he had been made to service so many times. It was pale, but in the sunlight held a rose hue, making him wonder if she tasted like roses as well. Her full breasts rose with her ragged breathing as she looked at the far bank where he had been laying only moments before. Her cheeks were flushed from her exertions and he could feel his gut tighten with desire from the way she sucked on one finger. He could imagine her sucking on his cock in the same way, in fact, could already feel her tiny mouth on his long length. He paused then, seeing her shift, the wings she had wrapped around her nearly naked form spreading wide as she shifted to the balls of her feet. 

Lina paused, hearing soft footfalls behind her. She unfurled her wings and rose to a crouching position, ready to take off. But curiosity stilled her. What if it was the strange man? If it was, what would she do? It was one thing to fantasize about making love with him, quite another to actually do it. But her body, so near to climax, then denied shouted that she could. Could and would, if given half a chance. Slowly, she looked over her shoulder; then froze. For standing right behind her, not even two feet away was the same creature she had just been fantasizing about. Her body gushed at the sight of him, even as her mind screamed to fly away right then. The only things that stayed her were he could reach her before she could fly out of reach, and the fact that he was hard. More the latter then the former though. The impressive size of him made her lick suddenly dry lips. She wanted him inside her, making her cry out to the gods in pleasure. And from the way his unique eyes were riveted to her and his rock hard cock, he wanted the same thing. 

Slowly, taking a deep breath, she rose, keeping her movements graceful. Just as slowly she turned, lifting her chin proudly, her violet eyes meeting his red ones. Smiling softly, she spoke, "Welcome to the kingdom of the Fae. I am Lady Lina, you are?" She marveled at how steady her voice was despite the rushing of her blood in her ears and the pounding of her heart. 

Sinafay smiled back, sweeping low in a bow, his movements as graceful as hers. But deep inside, he cried out in anger and frustration. She was another lady of another court. Had he risked his life to leave Akoral just to be caught by this delicate beauty? He sincerely hoped not. "I am Sinafay. It is indeed a pleasure to meet you Lady Lina." His words sounded sarcastic even to him, despite his best effort to sound pleased. "You have a lovely kingdom, much more colorful then where I am from. The Drow tend to not see such lovely flowers and trees as we have no sun to warm them. I also sincerely hope I was not trespassing on private land. I am just traveling through and stopped at this lovely pond for a simple bath and nap," he added, feeling the tiny creature out. He dimly remembered hearing a description of something similar to her when he had been a child. A Fae, with wings of gossamer silk and a beauty to rival and elf's who ruled the forests of the sun with a devotion the Drow could not imagine for simple trees and flowers. This girl looked to be young, though not much younger then him. He found himself drawn to her despite his better judgment. 

Lina looked Sinafay over. She chuckled softly at his courtly manners, finding them odd as he stood before her without a stitch of clothing on. But then again, maybe his species, Drow she reminded herself, didn't wear clothes. Some did not, like nymphs, satyrs or centaurs. But those noble creatures did not see the need for them, or for a court, so she doubted that was the reason for his nakedness. "My dear Sinafay, can I suggest you find some clothes? I would not want you to catch cold, for it gets cold very quickly in this forest at night," she said, gesturing up to the darkening sky. There, that should solve that. If he had some, he would put them on, or she would conjure some up for the night. His naked form was wreaking too much havoc on her aroused body. Right now, all it wanted was to push him to the ground as place that large, still hard cock deep inside her. 

He looked down at himself and shrugged. "The cold does not bother me lady, but if you insist, I can swim back over to grab my cloak for you as well as my breeches. I do not want you to be cold either. Unless, of course, you are planning on leaving soon? I'm sure your husband is missing such a beautiful Fae as you, Lady Lina." He was startled by his hope that she wasn't married or leaving soon. But he attributed that to his desire for her body and his lack of release in over a month. 

"I would not want you swimming when I can so easily fly. Gather some firewood for a small fire while I retrieve it, for if you do not mind my company, I will join you tonight. I have no need to return home just yet, as I have no husband to demand or control my time or actions." She hoped she hadn't sounded bitter as she took off. She retrieved his clothes and belongings and returned swiftly to help him gather deadwood off the forest floor. Silently they cleared an area for the fire then started it. It was a small fire, just enough for light and a bit of warmth. The entire time when his hand brushed hers or they bumped each other, her body got hotter and hotter. Finally, she groaned and framed his face with her hands and kissed him.

Sinafay froze when her lips touched his. He had wanted this the entire time and knew she had wanted it as well. But he had not been expecting her to take the initiative. Lina felt him freeze and cursed her stupidity. They were different races, how could she think he found her attractive. Maybe to him, she was ugly, not the beauty her people found her to be. She started to pull away, ready to fly back to her parents and beg forgiveness. Then his arms closed around her and pulled her close. His lips molded to hers and sent little thrills down her spine. With a moan of delight, she slid her arms around his neck and kissed back. His hands smoothed down over her curves, brushing the sides of her breasts to settle on her hips, pulling them against his, his arousal nestling against her flat stomach. 

"I want you Lina, but I don't want to hurt you," he whispered, nipping at her ear.

"How could you hurt me my love?" She cried out, pressing closer, hoping he would use those teeth just a little harder.

"I can be rough. It was part of my training. My lady liked a rough man, and I don't want to hurt a lovely little thing like you." He groaned at her cry, wanting to hear more. He slipped one hand down to run along her inner thigh, his touch gentle and teasing.

"You can be as rough as you like Sinafay. I like it like that as well." Her words sent a thrill through him. Instantly he swung her up and carried her to a large tree. Setting her back down, he ripped her clothes from her body and spun her around, pressing her tiny form against the rough bark. Growling softly into her ear, he spread her legs and pushed his breeches down, his rock hard cock bouncing free. With two fingers, he tested her readiness, grinning as they slid easily into her clenching walls. Distracted by her tight pussy, he slid his fingers in and out, preparing her for his cock. She was so much tighter and wetter then the drow ladies he had pleased. She wanted him to please her how he wanted to. And most importantly, he wanted to do it. He wanted to make her scream his name as she came around him. 

With this thought in mind, he lifted her enough to position his cock at her entrance, letting gravity slide her down it slowly, loving her cries of pleasure as he stretched her wide. Lina almost came from just his entrance, his cock opening her wider and farther then ever before. It was almost as if she was a maiden again, the pain mixing with the pleasure to pleasingly she whimpered. She loved the way he pinned her to the tree, her feet off the ground, and his cock deep inside her. No one had ever given her the treatment she had craved before. It wasn't done in Karlin. Ladies of rank were to be treated like porcelain glass. If they did take a bedmate, that bedmate made love to her, not took her like an animal. Despite how the lady in question might want to be taken. 

She cried out softly, pressing back as she settled finally, his entire length deep inside her. His answering moan and nip on her shoulder had her tightening around him. Startled, he nipped harder, to be rewarded by the tightening again. Grinning with pleasure, he pulled out halfway then took her smooth shoulder in his teeth, biting down hard as he shoved back inside her. She cried out loudly, startling the birds in the trees above them as she exploded around him. Losing track of the world around him, Sinafay's concentration narrowed on her milking muscles, the taste of her blood and thrusting deeper into her then the thrusts before. He watched as she twisted against the tree, her hard nipples rubbing against the rough bark, making the skin red and angry. Her nails dug into the bark as she rode with his thrusts, crying out with each one. He felt his balls tighten against his body and he moved harder, cupping her hips in his large hands, wanting to feel her cumming with him. 

Lina closed her eyes, concentrating on the feel of his spearing her over and over again. The head hit her g-spot with every move, pushing her closer and closer to anther orgasm. And when she felt him start to swell inside her, she cried her joy and his name aloud, cumming hard around him and with him, his spurts of creamy cum warming her womb. She knew in that instant she was pregnant, his seed finding fertile ground deep inside her body. Their baby would be the first Drow/Fae offspring ever.