 As Sinafay pulled away from her she stood against the tree, dazed. How could she be pregnant? They weren't the same race, not even closely related. But a little voice inside her whispered well that's how the Halflings came about, and the Halfelves. Why not a Drow and Fae child? She shook her head and slowly fell to her knees. But she couldn't be. Not after the first time. It only took one time that voice persisted. Her eyes stared blankly into the tree's bark, her hands coming to wrap around her flat stomach. After years of sleeping with the men of her people's court, half hoping she'd get pregnant so her parents would see her as ruined good, she got pregnant the one time she knew she shouldn't have. A tendril of power confirmed it. Sinafay's seed had been strong and true. Lina was now pregnant. Which meant her life as she knew it was over.

Sinafay grinned, pulling back. The joining had been unlike anything else he had ever experienced. Powerful and intense. Just like this little beauty. He brushed his long hair out of his eye and turned to look at her, ready to pull him into his arms. Then he stopped as he caught sight of her. She sat on the ground, her long curls pooling on the ground around her. She stared unseeingly before her, her arms wrapped around her protectively. Her entire posture and slack jawed expression screamed for him to get away. But instead, not wanting to lose her yet, he knelt on the ground beside her, whispering her name. Her eyes flicked towards him and she paled even more. A small whimper escaped her and she flung herself into his arms. 

"What have I done Sinafay? I will be turned out, my family will hate me. I will have no place for my child to go that will be safe," she sobbed against his shoulder. With a curse, he pushed her back, searching her bare body for signs of pregnancy. Finding none he recognized he tilted her chin up so her violet gaze met his red one. 

"I do not think your family will turn you out for being pregnant. I just wish you had told me, I would have been gentler with you," he said gently. But his words, meant to soothe, brought forth more tears.

"You don't understand! I wasn't before you. My people will kick me out for having a mix breed child," she whispered. Pushing from him, she stood up and started pacing. Her teeth found her lower lip and tugged on it. She could possibly hide the news for a few more months. Maybe longer if she wore the new styles of empire waists popular now in court. She would take Lord Lakin's offer, if he would still take her after the shame of today's events. Once she was married to Lakin, she would have some protection, as would her child. Though it would be tricky to explain the child's odd looks to everyone. Maybe if she went back and claimed rape, with the men using nets to keep her from flying away. But she didn't want her people to be angry at Sinafay's people; especially if they were as sweet as Sinafay. She sobbed softly and moved faster, wrapping her wings around her body like a cloak. 

He sat on the ground where she had left him, trying to wrap his mind around her words. A mix breed child? And she hadn't been pregnant before him? That meant he was the father. This was impossible, or next to. He caught her hand as she passed by him again, tugging her into his lap. "What do you mean Lina? Are you saying what I think you are? Am I the father?" he asked. Her tiny nods left him feeling blown away with joy and surprise. He was a father. He never thought he would ever see the day! "But how can you tell? I thought it took women weeks to be sure. And you seem sure."

"My power...I can tell. I felt another life being created the instant it happened. And then I felt her thoughts afterwards. They are unformed, and barely there, but there." She sighed softly and rested her head on his shoulder, soaking in the moments she had left with him. "I don't know how I will explain her looks, but I will make sure she is safe, even if I have to be hurt in her stead. And I promise my new husband will never touch her," she promised.

"What? You are thinking of leaving me? Of taking my child, my daughter, away from me? Of marrying another and giving her his name? I do not think so Lina. This is our child. And our child she will remain. If I have to fight your people for you, I will. If they mean that much to you, I will try." He tightened his hold around her, pulling her against his bare chest. Lowering his head, he captured her full lips in his for a searing kiss.

Lina clung to him, returning his kiss eagerly. When his tongue darted along her lips, she parted them with a sigh, her tongue reaching for his. His touch enflamed her and made it hard for her to think. The mere smell of him made her grow wet with need. His voice made her heart pound. She was falling deeply for this man, and she had just met him. And even though that thought scared her, she couldn't help but want him inside her again, soon. Pushing him gently to the ground, she knelt before him, smiling softly. He grinned back, reaching for her eagerly. Lina evaded his hands and kisses a trail down his chest, licking the sweat covered skin, reveling in his taste. With gentle hands, she spread his legs farther, scooting closer between them. When she caught one of his flat nipples in her teeth, she thrilled to hear his groan of pleasure.

Her gossamer wings unfolded and swept around her tiny body, the tips trailing over his skin. Sinafay gasped and arched upwards, closer to her teeth and the light touch of her wings. He had never before felt such pleasure from such simple caresses. Dipping lower, her tongue found his navel, swirling around it. Raising her violet gaze up to his, she grinned, cupping his heavy cock in her tiny hands. And when her tongue swirled over the head of it, he cried her name out, his hands finding her long curls and pulling her closer. She eagerly took him into her mouth, her tongue flicking along the underside of his cock, only pausing briefly when the head of his cock butted against her throat. As he slid inside her throat, he closed his eyes, trembling under her with desire and need. 

She cupped his large balls with one hand, the other sliding up his chest to toy with his hard nipples. The taste of him on her tongue almost drove her insane. He was spicy and almost sweet. Their combined juices slid down her throat as easily as he did, hard and thick in her mouth. Pressing one finger behind his balls, she sucked hard and swallowed, wanting to make him cry out again. Her wings kept tracing little patterns over his skin, keeping him on fire. Sinafay's fingers tightened in her hair as he thrust up into her mouth and throat, moaning softly with each thrust. He could feel his cum boiling up in his balls, and he tensed, ready to explode in her throat and mouth. 

Lina felt his balls start to tighten and she pulled back, taking a deep breath of much needed air. When his hands tightened in her hair, blindly pulling her back down, she chuckled. "Shh love, we have all night," she whispered, reaching up and gently untangling his fingers from her hair. He groaned and pulled her up over him, his eyes bright with desire. "No, I need it now, now suck me dry you teasing fairy," he growled, kissing her hard before pushing her back down to his throbbing cock. She felt herself grow even wetter at his words and obediently took him back in her mouth, but only the head. She teased him with tiny movements, running her tongue over it. And when he thrust up helplessly, looking for more, she slid all the way down, humming in her throat. The vibrations traveled down his length and he came with a shout, flooding her mouth and stomach with his cum. She swallowed it eagerly, causing him to cry out as her throat convulsed pleasantly around his sensitive head. 

Even after he lay, spent, beneath her, she suckled lovingly on his still hard length. Her tongue moved all around him, cleaning and soothing his cock. Every now and then, she gently slid her teeth over the head, causing him to jerk and moan with pleasure. Finally, he couldn't take anymore and pulled her up to lay next to him. Lina snuggled against his side, licking her lips with satisfaction. "You taste so much better then a Fae. So much spicier and masculine. I could suck you all day long and not get enough," she murmured. He chuckled and slid his arm around her to hold her close. 

"Well good my little Fae. I could have you suck me all day. But, back to the matter at hand; promise me you'll stay with me long enough to figure this out. I don't want to lose you or our daughter," he said. His own words surprised him. Before he had met her, had loved her, he planned on never trusting another woman in his life. In fact, he had intended on leaving this forest by now. With his pursuers surely closing on him, he really couldn't afford to stay in one spot for too long. But in the same breath, he couldn't leave Lina to the fate he had placed her in. Nor could he take her with him. He was torn, wanting to stay with her and needed her to be safe. 

"Why are you here? I've never seen a Drow before in my life, nor has anyone else I know. So why are you here now?" she asked, interrupting his thoughts. He sighed and decided to tell her the truth of his escape from below the ground. Of his slavery to the women of his race. But just as he opened his mouth to tell her, a familiar soft voice said his name. He sat up, his heart in his throat as he turned to look at her. Lady Akoral leaned casually against a tree trunk, not even thirty yards from them. He heard Lina gasp and tucked her under his arm, even as he fought all the bred in impulses to bow before the lady who had owned him all his life. He met her gaze with a purely defiant one, even as he admired her beauty again. 

He had always desired her, which is what made him such a good sex slave. Her long white hair fell in artful waves past her hips, the sides secured back with braids. Her delicate features belied her inner strength as well as outer. She could easily bring him to heel with one hand. She had in fact done it numerous times. Her curves were considered lean next to the voluptuous Lina, but she was well endowed by the standards of their people. Her tight bodice emphasized her round, high breasts and her tiny waist. Her leather leggings clung to her strong muscular legs, making his mouth go dry. The tip of her tongue came out to moisten full, pouty lips and he had to twist to hide his growing erection. Only Lina's hand on his shoulder kept him from crawling to her feet and begging forgiveness for just a taste of her. But he had a daughter now, unborn, yes, but still there. He would never return to Akoral's evils and manipulations. Not while there was life left in his body. 

"Oh Sinafay, dear Sinafay...what am I to do with you?" Lady Akoral Torndar said, taking a few steps towards them. She expected no resistance from this, one of her favorite bed toys. She knew his desire of her body and she cursed the meeting that had kept her from him for a fortnight, giving him the chance to escape from her sway and make an escape. She made sure her movements were sensual and seductive, enticing him to come to her of his own will. Her eyes flicked over the fairy behind him, noting her possessive grip on her slave then dismissing it. The Fae were peaceful by nature and therefore of no consequence to her. Sinafay was hers, by the stars, and hers he would stay, no matter what some tiny Fae might want to say about it. She chuckled low in her throat, the sound hinting at long nights of passion between silken sheets. "Come to me now my slave and you will not be punished to bad. I still find you sweet and attractive, though you are a man, so I still want you in my bed. Come, let us return home, leave that vapid thing you are trying to keep from me," she said, coming within arm's length of him. She fought to keep her lip from curling in disgust as she added, "I do not even mind you sleeping with her. As long as she gave my beloved pleasure, then I will not kill her."

To her surprise, Sinafay snarled at her and rose to his feet. He kept his body between her and Lina, his whole posture shouting defiance. "Touch her Akoral and I will tear your head from your body. I am not yours anymore. Leave now and I will continue here. We will forget this whole thing ever happened," he growled, his eyes glowing with an inner fire. Akoral felt her breath catch, fear and arousal warring inside her. She had never seen kind Sinafay like this. She found it enticing, even as she wondered if maybe she should leave and return with some aid, embarrassing and that would be. Finding herself stepping closer to him, she reached out and slid her arms around his shoulders, pressing one thumb along a special nerve, making him wince in pain even as overwhelming desire shot through his body 

"Ah, such fire in those lovely eyes my dearest. And look how big you have grown since I have returned. You want me Sinafay, more then you wanted her. I am the only one for you, aren't I?" she whispered in his ear, sliding one leg high on his waist. Wrapping it around him, she urged his erection against her needy pussy, moaning softly as he started to slide in. Almost helplessly, he captured her hips and thrust fully inside her. Crying aloud with pleasure, her eyes triumphantly caught the Fae wide violet ones. The tiny girl had backed against a tree, staring on horrified as her new love fucked the strange Drow woman. Inside her heart was breaking in two. She was losing everything in moments to this dark beauty with her sexy walk and soft voice. 

"Sinafay," she moaned, collapsing on the ground, unable to tear her eyes away as he scooped the other up into both arms and forced himself inside her deeper and harder. She knew she should fly away now, before this Akoral finished with Sinafay and decided to kill her and her baby after all. But she couldn't bear to leave him, despite his obvious choice. She whimpered and felt a sob rise up in her throat. It tore loose, harsh and pain filled. 

Sinafay cursed himself and Akoral as she pressed into his nerve then placed him inside her. He screamed at his body to stop but could only thrust into her, making her arch back and cry with pleasure. His only hope was that her grip would loosen and he could pull away, but her hand held on stubbornly, even as he pushed her to two orgasms. He hears Lina moving away and tried to muster the strength of will to push Akoral away. But it was only when he heard Lina's sob, her voice sounding as though her whole world had ended that he succeeded. With a cry of rage, he brought his hands up to Akoral's neck and squeezed, pulling away. "Evil temptress! I shall never fall under your spell again," he screamed, holding her above her ground, shaking her with every word. She gasped for air and clawed at his hands, even as her eyes flamed with anger. Turning his head to catch Lina's eye, he took a deep breath. "My love, forgive me. I beg it from the bottom of my heart. I give you everything in me, body, heart, mind and soul. They are yours from this day forward," he said clearly, hoping she would.

Lina stood, wrapping wings around her protectively, her arms cradling her stomach. "Of course Sinafay, I would be a fool not to forgive you. Now, send her away and let us think of more pleasant matters," she whispered, full of hate for Akoral. The thought of killing the Drow woman never occurred to her, all she wanted was to be alone again with her dark love. 

Sinafay sighed and lowered Akoral to the ground. "Leave bitch, and never look for me again. I no longer fear you, nor want you. Your holds are gone," he whispered before shoving her to the ground. She lay there, gasping for air, her vision hazy as he and Lina walked away, hand in hand. Vowing revenge, she rose shakily and headed home to gather her forces.