 (This is a shorter chapter then the other two. I am hoping to get some good feedback on it though. So please, take the few seconds to vote and another moment to leave me a comment! thank you)

*

Sinafay looked around nervously, and led her farther into the trees. He had no idea where they were, but he didn't want to take any chances on Akoral finding them again. He knew that she had probably crawled home with her tail between her legs to gather reinforcements, but he wanted to make sure Lina was safe for now. "We should find somewhere to hide out for a bit. I don't think she will follow us, but just to be sure for now," he said, holding tightly to her tiny hand.

Lina pondered his words for a moment, keeping an eye on their surroundings. They were getting awfully close to Karlin. But she wasn't ready to go home. Not with her new lover in such danger. She grinned as they passed a familiar tree, the twisted shape looking much like a centaur. "Come, I know a place we can rest safely for the night," she said, spreading her wings and springing into the air. She started to head off, and then looked back as he called her name. The look on his face, one of disappointment and surprise made her stop. Laughing hard, she slowly descended, wrapping her wings around her again as her feet touched the forest floor. "I'm sorry love. I am not used to traveling with a land bound creature. Forgive me?" 

Sinafay nodded, chuckling with her as he joined her farther up on the path. "It's alright little Lina. But tell me, can this place be reached on foot?" he asked. At her nod, he sighed with relief and followed her swishing backside eagerly. She had managed to rescue her clothes before they left and now ducked off the path to slip them on. He followed her example, donning his breaches and loose shirt. He settled his cloak around her bare shoulders, guarding her from the twilight chill. She smiled gratefully up at him, causing his heart to beat a little faster as she clutched at the edges of the cloak. "It's not much farther I hope?" he asked, concerned for her.

"No, in fact, we will be there in just moments," she answered, starting down the path again. He followed her, nervously concealing their path. While he was not the best at that, every little bit helped. Soon enough, she turned off the deer path and hiked up a steep incline. He followed, turning to look behind them, almost missing the place she ducked into. At her soft chuckle, he looked down and saw her holding some thick bushes aside, her head and shoulders sticking out of the tiny cave entrance. "In here lover," she said, beckoning him in. As he ducked down to follow her, she edged back into the cave.

The tiny entrance hid a large cave set into the hill, the walls and ceiling widening until even Sinafay could stand comfortable. A small stream of clear, clean water ran through the back of the cave, giving them fresh water to drink. He stood, amazed at the beauty of the walls, glittering with veins of precious metals and rare rocks. 

Lina curled up on the small bed she had made years ago. When she had found this place when she had been a child, it had seemed so magical and untouched. And through the years, nothing seemed to have change. Animals never seemed to bother the cave, or her things, allowing her to store some food there safely for the days and nights she wanted to stay here and away from the constricting court. In fact, with the supplies she had brought here over the years, they could stay in the cave for weeks before having to leave for more provisions. 

Sinafay stared down at her, pleasantly surprised. When she had mentioned knowing a place to stay safe, he had envisioned something tiny, cramped, and uncomfortable. Here, they had food, lanterns for lights, bedding, and even blankets to stay warm with. Not to mention fresh water. It was better then many of the human peasant homes he had seen. "I must admit, this is not what I expected Lina," he said, sitting next to her on the nest she had made of bedrolls and blankets. She curled into him and grinned. 

"This is one of my hideaways. I've been coming here for about twelve years, since I was ten. I saw no harm when animals didn't seem to care for the cave to make it more comfortable. I think the bushes at the entrance smell too offensive for any creature or insect to push through. But as long as you hold your breath, you can get through them and then, you can't even smell it in here." She was pleased and relieved he was impressed with her little cave. Despite everything, a part of her had been scared he would find it a horrible place to stay, despite all the improvements she had done. Luckily, he seemed as in love with the beauty of the cave as she was. But despite her desire to just curl into him and relax, she needed to know more information about what she had just witnessed. 

"Who was that? And what did she want with you Sinafay?" Lina asked, her violet eyes large with fear. She realized that she barely knew this man. She had no idea if he was an outlaw or a murderer. That woman had wanted him for some reason. Maybe it had been best to let her take him. Lina would have survived without him somehow. As would their child have. But as soon as she thought that, she knew she couldn't let him go. He already meant to much to her.

Sinafay sighed and cradled her close, noting her tense posture. "It's alright love. That was just, well, my old mistress. The men in my society are not much more then slaves. Women control everything and everyone. Men aren't much more then chattel, almost like women in the human world. Lady Akoral is a very powerful lady in the drow home. She trains most of the men in my world to be the pleasure slaves so many women desire. I was one of her personal house and one of her favorites. Mainly because, despite my hatred of her, my body desires hers immensely. And she enjoyed the contradiction my mind and heart made with my body, giving me a will that she always enjoyed breaking with the pleasure," he said. He hoped Lina would understand and not hate him for his hated desire.

"I can understand why my love, she was very beautiful. But, if she is so powerful, why was she here alone? And how are you here instead of back with her house?" Lina shook her head, starting to relax a little. But despite her physical relaxation, her mind ran in circles trying to comprehend what he was saying.

"Well, I ran while she was occupied training a headstrong male. I managed to stop eating the food she had given us. She was lacing it with drugs that kept us in a perpetual sexual haze, not really letting us think. And because I managed to escape, she came alone to try and save face. It's a very embarrassing thing to lose your favored man like she did. Especially when she brags all the time about how sure her hold is on her household," he said, chuckling. 

"So just food to hold them to her? While food is a necessity, the men can starve themselves, like you did." She looked up at him curiously. 

"Well, there is more then food. Each man must wear a collar that ties them to the lands they are on. If they leave the lands with the collar on, they suffer excruciating pain. Also, the women are all trained in keeping their men in line with just a touch. As you saw, Akoral pinched a nerve on my neck, overwhelming my body with sexual need and pain. In our training, the only way to make that stop is to satisfy our mistress until she lets go." 

"So how did you get rid of the collar?" she asked, reaching up to run one finger along the strong line of his bare neck. She smiled softly at his shiver and groan of pleasure. She knew he wanted her again. But until she understood a little more, that would have to wait.

"I managed to bash the lock off with a sharp rock when I ran. I did it right before I left her lands and left the collar in a stream running back towards the manor. I figured that way they wouldn't have as many clues as to which direction I took. I was fairly sure they wouldn't catch up to me. But I underestimated Akoral's skill in tracking as well as her desire to get me back." He slipped his hand down her side to cup her hip. Pulling her onto his lap, he pulled her top down, throwing the flimsy leaves aside as the string snapped. He lowered his head to nuzzle her neck, breathing in her sweet scent. When she sighed and cradled his head with both hands, he grinned and nipped hard at her collarbone, leaving a small mark there from his teeth.

"Make love to me again Sinafay. Make me feel that amazing pleasure one more time," she whispered into his ear, pulling him against her. He growled softly in assent, pushing her back onto the cushion, pulling at her bottoms. She gasped as they tore, leaving her bare to his possessive, hot gaze. He grinned, pressing his hand against her mound, feeling her wetness against his palm. 

"Beg for it Lina. Beg for me to be inside you," he whispered, pulling his hand away to capture both her wrists and pinning them above her head. She whimpered, bucking her hips up, wanting his touch against her again, her violet eyes dark with passion. She panted, her body aflame with need from just the few touches, shocking her. No one had ever caused this kind of reaction in her. Even as she tugged her arms down, trying to free them, she knew she loved him holding her tiny and immobile under him. "Please little Lina, I want to hear you beg for me to please you," he moaned, tightening his hand around her wrists just a little more. 

"Please my love, fill me up. I need to feel you so deep inside me. I want to please you Sinafay, so please, let me," she whispered, loving the fact he could get her to beg him, without losing any of her pride. He groaned and pulled his clothes off before lowering himself and thrusting deep inside her in one move, stretching her tiny walls open wide again. She cried out, her body arching to take him deeper, her legs curling around his waist. He nudged her head aside with his chin, finding her neck with his mouth, kissing the curve where it met her shoulder before sinking his teeth deep into her soft skin. She jerked under him and he paused, afraid he had gone too far. But then, she moaned his name, her hips moving wildly under him as she came hard, and her blood flowed into his mouth. 

Sinafay paused for a moment, trying to breathe before he lost control and exploded deep into her depths. Pulling away from her neck, he licked the wound, enjoying the sweet taste of her as he slowed his pace, letting her ride her orgasm out. His cock filled her with long slow strokes, the heavy ridge of the head hitting her g-spot every time. He watched as her eyes opened and she smiled up at him. "Oh, that was amazing...more," she gasped, wiggling her hips to coax him to move harder. 

He groaned, letting go of her hands, pleased to see them stay stretched over her head as he lifted her legs up to rest on his shoulder. He slid in deeper with the new angle, his hips pressed against hers, all of his cock deep inside her cunt. When she moaned, spreading her large wings out under her, taking her weight off of them, he started to move, pulling away from her enticing body. He pulled fully out of her, the tip of his cock rubbing up against her exposed clit before he slid back down. He slid just inside her, teasing her, wanting to hear her say his name. When she managed to gasp it out, her hands in fists to resist the urge to bring them down, he plunged back inside her as deep as he could go. She screamed softly, her hands coming to grab at his shoulders, her nails digging deep into his skin, drawing blood as she climbed to the peak again, surprising her. 

Sinafay growled at the feel of her nails, roughly thrusting into her, pushing them both closer to their orgasms. She came seconds before him, her milking muscles pulling him over the edge with her, filling her tiny body once more with his cum, relieving the tension from the bout with Akoral and their teasing of each other. With a cry of release, he settled against her. She smiled tiredly up at him, folding her wings around his body, the soft tips caressing him. Locked together still, they both fell asleep, their hearts beating as one.