 Lina woke the next morning with a start, feeling the tiny questing thoughts of her daughter. Her eyes widened in shock, knowing the babe couldn't be much of anything and already she was reaching to her mother. Shaking her head, she disentangled from Sinafay's arms, her violet eyes tracing his handsome face tenderly. Silently she padded outside to answer the call of nature and to reconnect with the beauty of nature all around her. While the Faes didn't have an organized religion, everyone felt the connection of the earth and nature, driving them to reacquaint themselves with it each day. 

Closing her eyes, she tilted her face up to feel the sun warming her skin. The gentle breeze strengthened and swirled around her in welcome, stirring her long tousled hair and causing it to dance around her slender form. Spreading her wings slowly, she caught the wind. The gossamer wings spread out to their full reach, each easily as big as her. The sun shimmered through the see through membranes, casting her skin in a violet glow. Breathing deeply, she took in the scent of the flowers and trees around her, a smile curving her full lips. The sweet world rejoiced for her and her unborn child, welcoming her back to it for yet another day. Slowly, as the wind died around her, she folded her wings back, lowering her face and opening her eyes. Sighing softly, feeling content again, she turned back towards the cave, only to find Sinafay there watching her, leaning casually against a tree trunk. 

Gasping softly in surprise, one hand coming up to rest over her suddenly pounding heart, she grinned. "You startled me," she accused him teasingly. Stepping closer, her eyes met his. He grinned back and straightened up, opening his arms to take her into a hug, his lips lowering to hers for what he intended to be a soft gentle kiss. But as soon as she tasted him, she threw her arms around his neck and used tongue and teeth to tempt him to making the kiss deeper and rougher. Groaning softly, he pulled back, breaking the kiss and shaking his head "Temptress," he murmured, looking into her upturned face, admiring her soft, fine boned beauty. She just grinned and shrugged one shoulder, snuggling closer against him. "You looked so beautiful just there Lina," he continued, tightening his hold. "Nature just welcomes you and enhances you, as you enhance it."

"We are the protectors of Nature Sinafay. There wouldn't be Fae without Nature. Each and every one of us feels the earth and her cry. And each day, we feel the need to reaffirm that. To welcome her into us and to let her know we will continue our vow to her for another day," she explained, turning in his arms to look out over the forest. "The wind and sun welcome us, the earth and water call to us, and we can't do more then answer. And I can't think of a reason not to." The wind danced around them, chuckling softly in their ears, apparently liking her answer. Sinafay grinned and nuzzled her slightly pointed ear, nibbling it gently. "I wouldn't try to stop you sweetling," he murmured, his hands roaming over her curves. 

Lina bit her lip, feeling her body responding to his touch, the rough calluses on his palm over her bare skin only heightening the sensations. Her eyes drifted closed and she leaned into him, arching her breasts up to be caressed. He chuckled in her ear and complied, covering the soft mounds with both hands, sliding the rough pad of his thumb over her hardening nipples. Helplessly, she moaned, the sound low and husky in her throat and he grinned. Pinching the hard nub, he pulled on it, watching it stretch before letting it go. He felt himself harden another inch against her back as her breast shook, her nipple hardening even more, the reddened skin crinkling around it. "More," she whispered, her body writhing against his in silent plea. Dropping his head to the curve of her neck, Sinafay brushed her hair back out of his way with his chin and nibbled on the soft skin there. Both hands returned to her breasts, lightly caressing them to enflame her, knowing it would only drive her to want more. Her mouth parted and soft little whimpers started to escape as she tried to push closer into his hands. "Please...don't..." she trailed off, her cheeks turning a soft pink as she tried to find the words to tell him what she needs. "Please don't?" he asked, lifting his head and dropping his hands to her small waist. "I'm sorry Lina, I didn't know you didn't want me to touch you," he continued, purposely misunderstanding her. Growling a little in her throat, she opened her eyes and looked up at him. Sinafay had to bite back a moan of desire and need at the glazed passion darkened look of her eyes, the color almost black, matching the sky at midnight. 

She tried to tug his hands back up to her breasts, fighting his strength uselessly before giving up and letting her own fingers caress the firm skin and hard nipples. He had her aching in need and was insisting on teasing her. Her breasts needed his touch so badly they ached and she could do nothing more then to try and appease their need for a firm pressure. She felt his red gaze watching her, her full bottom rubbing against his hard cock, enticing him as she tugged, twisted and pinched her nipples, little moans of frustrated pleasure coming with each movement. "Don't tease me..." she finally managed to finish, whimpering a little. Her own touch just wasn't enough, her pleasure building with excruciating slowness. 

Sinafay watched her pleasure herself, noting the frustration on her face, knowing what she wanted but relishing the sight of her squirming in need before him. Scooping her up into his arms, he strode back into the cave, grinning down at her. "And why should I little one? When you give me such a wonderful show to watch when I do tease you." Lina just whimpered, her hands getting even rougher on her skin, leaving marks behind. One hand trailed down her small belly to her tight curls below, spreading the lips there and pinching her clit almost cruelly. Jerking at the sharp pain and pleasure mixing, she cried out. "Please Sina...I burn," she wailed, her eyes pleading with him. 

"Well, far be it from me to watch a lady suffer," he murmured, dropping her back down and pushing her roughly against the wall. He lowered his mouth back to his neck, only this time, his teeth bit deep, breaking her soft skin as he pushed her hands up with one of his, holding them over her head. His other hand trailed down her body, starting at her shoulder. Twisting and tugging on one nipple, he felt her moan and arch closer, a soft gasp of pained pleasure filling his ears. Moving down to her soaked folds, he pushed two fingers roughly inside her tight sheath, groaning as she gripped him. "So wet and tight," he murmured, lifting from her neck to look into her eyes. Almost ruthlessly he slid his fingers in and out of her, not caring if he bruised her soft flesh, before leaving her on the brink of her orgasm. Moving his hand down to the crook of her knee, he lifted her leg up and to the side, opening her wide to his cock. Not wasting any time, he slammed deep inside her with one thrust, watching her stiffen and cry out. Lina's head fell back, a soft guttural cry of satisfaction echoing in the cave as she tried to meet him. 

With a feral grin, Sinafay held her immobile, thrusting rough and fast inside her. Her squirming and cries only inflamed him more, making him harder and rougher, his grips tightening to the point of bruising. She hissed in response and squirmed to free her caught hands. But even as she fought the pain, she felt her body perch on the edge of an orgasm, his thrusting cock driving her closer and closer. But he wouldn't let her go, especially as she started to tighten around him. He knew she liked it, wanted it, and for once, he wanted to give it, to watch her give under his grip and mating. He watched her face as he forced her into her climax, angling his hips to let the flared head of his cock rub against her sensitive g-spot even more. A strangled sob of pleasure was wrenched from her throat as she felt her body explode into bliss, her fingers curling into her palms, nails cutting as she closed her eyes and let it flood her. "Sina!" she cried, seeing him behind her closed eyes. Moments later, she felt him flood her with warmth and his essence, her milking muscles too much for him to bear without cumming himself. 

Tenderly, he kissed the bite on her neck, instantly contrite for leaving such a wound on her fair skin. Carefully he pulled out, lowering her back to the ground, searching her face for any signs of anger or hatred. Lina just smiled at him, her eyes full of warmth and gratitude. Her hands came down to caress his cheeks as she pressed against him. "Thank you Sinafay," she murmured, nuzzling his neck. Chuckling, he shook his head, cradling her in his arms as he turned back to the little nest of blankets. "I don't know what I did to deserve you," he breathed into the tangled curls above her ear. She matched him in almost every carnal way, loving him when he was tender and when he was rough. She just purred in response, stretching lazily and lifting one hand to eye level. A darkening purple bruise circled her slim wrist and he blanched visibly. But she laughed and hugged him tighter. "So everyone knows I'm yours," she explained, kissing the bruise and grinning into his perplexed look. 

"No Lina, I don't think so. This marriage contract says your mine," a slow drawling voice said from the entrance to the cave. The lovers jerked their heads up and looked towards the voice, Lina paling visibly. A fair haired, dark blue winged Fae ducked into the cave, holding a rolled up parchment in one hand. "And I plan on keeping what is mine," Lakin, the lord her parents had given her to the day before, said. "Even if my future wife did cost me face by refusing me in front of the entire court. And even if that very same child runs off to consort with animals." He just smiled maliciously at Lina's gasp of outrage, her violet eyes blazing. Sinafay growled, setting Lina behind him and rising to his feet in one swift motion. Lakin shook his head, his face twisting into a look of compassion that just seemed wrong on him as he gestured behind him. In seconds, the cave was filled with armed soldiers, the heavily armored Faes crowding around Sinafay, two others pulling Lina away and towards the Lord. She cried out, struggling to get away and back to her lover, even as she was dragged into reach of Lakin's cruel touch. The older Fae swept off his flowing cloak and draped it around her bare shoulders before relieving the two soldiers of her. With a soft whimper, she winced at his harsh grip on her shoulders, keeping her immobile. "Take him back to Karlin and put him into a well guarded cell. He must be brought up before the King and Queen on charges of kidnapping Lina, my sweet wife to be," he ordered, tightening his grip even more to keep Lina from saying anything against the fact. "I will take my intended to be looked after by her family. She is surely traumatized by her ordeal and must not be left alone." 

Lina watched, horrified, as her Sina was bound hand and foot and flown back to the city, supported by four guards. Wrenching her shoulders out of Lakin's grip, she turned to stare up at him accusingly. "I don't love you. I won't ever love you. Why must you do this?" she asked, her eyes darkening with anger. 

"Because my dear, I keep what is mine. And this says your mine. And the fact that I have to repeat that just tells me that you will need lessons in listening and conducting yourself the way my wife should," he answered, tapping the parchment on her nose patronizingly. She cried out angrily and turned to go back into the cave, scattering the remaining soldiers with a look. Chuckling, Lakin watched her, enjoying the beauty of her face as she stormed around, destroying things with a thought, bedding ripping and causing feathers to fly around her. Then, she stopped, one hand resting on her flat stomach. Turning she looked at him, triumph in her purple eyes. 

"You don't want me. It would be considered bad for you to marry a spoiled girl. And that's what I am. I'm pregnant." She paused before adding, her lips curving into a smile, "by Sinafay." She watched him, waiting to see his anger and frustration at losing her come out. But he remained as cool and passive as ever. "Even if what you say is true, you can't help that, since the lesser being raped you. We will of course have to postpone the wedding until after you have gone through a cleansing ritual to rid yourself of this taint. But I am a patient man and can wait until then," he drawled, shrugging one shoulder carelessly.

"Taint?!" she screeched, jumping at him, her fingers curled into claws. "You dare to call my child taint? She will be a blessing, a wonder. She will be mine. And I will carry her to term and raise her. I will not let you do anything to stop me. I will be with Sina, I love him, his child and he did not rape me," she screamed into his face, even as he fought to hold her off. Gone was the cool air of a Fae lord used to centuries of having his way. Now he was simply a Fae fighting for his life against a woman protecting her family. With a start, he realized he has misjudged this youngling. She would not just lie down and let him run her life and make her decisions. Quickly, he recalculated his plans for her as he circled her slim wrists with both of his hands, drawing her up short against him. He would have her; even if it was only for the reason that she stirred his blood and loins in a way that few had in his hundreds of years of life. Even now, as he fought revulsion for her carrying the spawn of that dark creature, his cock ached to be inside her. 

Shaking his head to draw his mind back to the current situation, he smiled grimly down into her face. "But he has left marks on you that say otherwise," he pointed out, drawing her attention back to the dark bruises, the purple and blue contrasting with her pale skin. Whimpering softly, she stared at them, realizing that he was right, that her passion and need to be taken so roughly had pretty much written her beloved death sentence. Self hatred flowed through her, causing her to go limp again Lakin. With a small purr of satisfied triumph, he gathered her into his arms and left for the city, nodding to the remaining soldiers to destroy the little cave as soon as they were out of sight. 

*

(The next chapter should follow soon. Not much else to do but write anymore...with a month and a half to kill before I have my baby. lol. Hmm..sit around and write, or twiddle my thumbs? I think I'll pick write. :D)