 Essmoorelda was outside the cottage tending to the flower garden when a wonderful, pervasive scent wafted over her nostrils. 

"Mmm... fresh milk," The girl smiled dreamily as she stood and dusted herself off. 

Her skin was tanned and she was speckled with freckles everywhere, and her ample bosom wobbled through her yellow dress as she stretched languidly, "I guess I could take a small break," she yawned as her cow ears twitched at the top of her head, poking through her straw blonde hair. 

The demi-human stepped towards the cottage and threw the door open, "Heyo, everyone!" She greeted the room warmly before she frowned: there was no one around. 

Inside, the cottage was strewn with books and chemistry equipment. Essmooredla's master, Questra, was a renowned chemist and healer, and people would come from all over to buy her potions and treatments. 

"Aw, man, where is everyone!" the demi-human cow pouted slightly as she stomped her foot. People were always leaving without telling her where they were going, and she was beginning to feel neglected. 

The girl forgot about her strange family's absence immediately, however, as the smell of fresh milk came back to her. She looked around quickly and spotted a bottle on a table in the middle of the room, and she bounded toward it exuberantly, "Aha!" 

It was a glass bottle, about a liter in size, and it was full of what could have only been wonderful, delicious, wholesome milk. Essmoorelda loved milk almost more than she loved dancing and singing, and she licked her lips and drew forward to pick it up. 

She stopped short when she noticed that there was a note attached to the bottle. It read: Don't drink the milk!! This means you, Essie! 

The cow girl frowned deeply, "No fair, why not!" She huffed. Questra never let her have any fun, and she especially didn't appreciate being ordered around via a piece of parchment. Essie was about to slam the bottle down when she caught a whiff of it once more, and she sighed sadly. 

She held the bottle up and stared into its infinite creaminess. It looked like it was super high quality, and it was so thick that it was almost buttery in texture. 

"Why?" She whimpered as she hung her head. She clutched the bottle in her hands tightly and smiled slowly as she felt the cool glass on the tips of her fingers, "Surely, just a little couldn't hurt?" She licked her lips once more as she lowered the bottle slightly. "I mean... just the tiniest little nip... just a little cream..." she pulled the cork from the bottle and bit her lip, "Off the top." 

She raised the bottle to her lips and tilted it just enough to allow a few drops of the white liquid to slide onto her tongue. 

Her eyes widened as she tasted the forbidden milk. It was the most flavorful, most full bodied, most illustrious milk she had ever tasted, and before she knew what she was doing she was tilting to bottle forward to drink more. 

"Mmm," she indulged quietly as she took a single, deliberate gulp. The creamy liquid gold seemed to warm her insides as she exhaled slowly. 

"oh my goodness, where did this come from?!" She asked herself with wonder as she held the bottle away from her face. Interestingly, the bottle looked more full than she thought it would, and she blinked as she grinned, "Just one more couldn't hurt... just one more drink." 

She raised the bottle to her lips for a second time and drank. Somehow, it tasted even better than before, and she closed her eyes as she completely forgot about the note. 

"Mmph!" She breathed through her nose as she tilted the bottle further and dipped her head back. She'd never drunk anything so satisfying, and it tasted so good that she didn't even want to stop to breath. 

She tilted her head back even further and drank hungrily like the greedy little cow she was. The heavy, buttery milk filled her entire mouth and coated her throat with it's life giving fattiness, and her cleavage strained through her dress as she tilted her head as far back as she could. 

Then, the bottle was empty. Essie opened her eyes slowly and thrust the bottle away from her face, "Oh no!" 

She didn't even think it was possible for her to drink so much at one time, but in the timespan of what felt like a few seconds, she'd drained the entire bottle. A frantic feeling rose up in her chest, and she looked around the room quickly, "I just gotta find more! There's some cows in the field that can..." her words trailed off as she felt an odd tingling sensation in her chest. 

"Wha?" She looked down as her chest felt suddenly wet. For several bewildering seconds, she thought that she might have spilled some of the milk on her, but the two wet spots were right on top of her nipples, and they were growing steadily. 

Essie's eyes widened as a lump rose in her throat, "Am I... lactating?" 

As if her breasts were responding to the question, her nipples tingled hotly, and the two spots joined at her cleavage as her dress was soaked through. 

"Ah! What do I do?!" The cow girl flailed her arms for a moment. "No...no, gotta calm down; I'm sure any minute it'll stop." 

She frowned down at her pillowy breasts and watched in dismay as some of her freckles seemed to grow. Her breasts were feeling heavier by the second, and she took a deep breath as she pulled the dress away from her cleavage to peek down at herself. 

Just as she'd feared, small droplets of white liquid were dripping from her big pink nipples. 

"Oh, oh, oh," Essmoorelda wrung her hands together and paced back and forth , "Questria will be furious with me! She told me not to drink the milk, but I did it anyway! Why can't I just be a good cow and do as I'm told?!" She shook her head as she looked around, and she tried to ignore the spot on her chest that was beginning to soak through completely, "But I need her here, she'll know how to fix it. Where did she go?" The desperate cow girl mourned. "Perhaps she's..." 

Before she could finish, the front door opened. 

"Oh thank goodness, Questria, I..." 

"Hai hai!" An energetic girl burst inside and waved enthusiastically at Essie. 

"Oh...it's just Meowra," Essie frowned. 

The girl who had just entered the room was every bit as curvaceous as the cow girl, though she was a little more slender in frame. She was also a demi human, and her cat tail flicked behind her as she furrowed her brow, "That's rude! What do you mean, 'it's just Meowra?!' I'll have you know that..." the cat girl's ears twitched through her short brown hair, "Essie... what happened to you?" 

Essie's arms were crossed over her chest, and she heaved in exasperation, "It seems that I am..." she lowered her arms slowly, not seeing any point in trying to hide the truth, "Lactating." 

"What?!" Meowra gasped. Her eyes widened a moment later, "You drank the milk, didn't you?!" She pointed accusingly. 

Essie averted her eyes before she hung her head, "Yes, I did! I'm sorry and it'll never happen again, but right now I..." her eyes narrowed, "Wait, you knew about this? Why didn't you tell me?!" 

"I never got the chance!" The cat girl defended herself. "Questria went out this morning shortly before I did, and you were still asleep. She told me that neither one of us was to drink the milk under any circumstance, and that if we did then..." the girl's eyes widened. 

"Then what?! You're scaring me, Meowra!" 

"W,well," the cat girl muttered as she averted her eyes, "It's a potion for a troll mom. It was made for someone who weighs at least ten times more than you do, so..." 

Essie could feel the sticky milk dripping down her chest, and she flailed her arms, "Spit it out!" 

"You're gonna milk so much that your body is going to run dry before the effects wear off." 

Essie went pale, "You mean..." 

"No!" Meowra stepped forward and shook her head, "It just means that you need to drink a lot of water, I mean, a lot, a lot! And you need to drain yourself until it runs it course." 

"For how long?" The cow girl demanded in exasperation. 

"Twelve, maybe fourteen hours?" Meowra said it as if it were a question. 

"Oh, geez!" the cow girl groaned, "Well... help me, then!" 

Meowra clasped her hands together timidly, "W,what do you want me to do?" 

"Get me some water for starters; I don't want to die!" 

Meowra nodded vigorously, "Yes, of course... be right back!" 

Meowra ran outside with the two largest buckets she could find and set them under the the water pump spout. Every inch of her curvy cat girl body jiggled as she pumped furiously, and her face was fraught with worry, "Oh no... hang in there, Essie," she said to herself as she pumped and pumped. Soon enough, the buckets were full, and she heaved them upwards and made her way back to the cottage. 

"Wah... whoa!" she struggled to keep her balance as she teetered this way and that, doing her utmost to carry the heavy buckets to Essie. 

Finally, she made it back to the front door and set the buckets down. She opened the door and turned back to lift the buckets, "Don't worry, Essie, I've got..." She stopped as she turned and her mouth fell open. 

Essmoorelda was leaning over a table. Her dress was pulled down to her waist and her huge cow girl tits were hanging freely below her. Milk was dripping steadily from her big pink nipples, and her breasts looked heavy and swollen. The surface of the table was already beginning to pool with the white liquid, and some of it was already dripping down the sides and onto the ground. 

"Mooeowra!" Essie yelled, "Don't just stand there, bring me the water!" 

The cat girl was stupefied, and it took all of the willpower she possessed to move as her face turned crimson, "Y,yes!" 

She dragged the buckets closer to her friend and dipped a goblet into one of them, "Here," she said, lifting it to Essie's lips. 

The cow girl drank deeply, "T, thanks," she sighed heavily before she groaned. "Ah... ow," she whined. "They're getting so heavy, Meowra... it's coming out, but... it hurts! Help me... please?" She looked into her friend's eyes desperately. 

"Yes, but... what do I do?" Meowra looked as if she were going to pass out from embarrassment. 

"Milk them! Please!" Essie pleaded as she doubled over. Large green veins were beginning to form at the sides of her ever engorging breasts, and it was clear that she was starting to become very uncomfortable. 

"S,sure," Meowra nodded as she reached out slowly. 

She had no idea what she was doing, but she'd milked the cows hundreds of times, so it couldn't be much different, right? She placed her index and thumb on each of Essie's nipples and pulled them down slightly. 

"Ah!" Essie cried out as two thick streams of her own milk squirted forcefully down onto the table. Meowra repeated the movement, and two more streams hit the milk puddle on the table, splashing both of them with small droplets of cream, "More... faster!" Essie ordered as she felt a small amount of pressure leave her. 

Meowra bit her lip as she nodded. Essie's nipples were swollen, but they were somehow still soft, and she felt a familiar yet confusing throbbing between her legs as she tugged on her friend's nipples harder and faster, "Like this?" 

"Yes!" Essie shouted in relief as stream after stream of milk squirted downward. The table was completely covered now, and the ground around it was getting wet, "Faster!" 

Meowra leaned forward and huffed as she tugged and pinched. Milk splashed her hands and arms, and occasionally, her face, and the feeling between her legs intensified. She'd never seen anything so erotic in all of her life. Essie's already massive breasts were extra large and extra squishy, and the sweet smell of her milk filled Meowra's nostrils and nearly made her drool. A few droplets splashed across her face, and the cat girl fought the urge to lick them up. 

"Faster, harder!" Essie blasted as milk continued to pour out from her already battered nipples. 

"I can't!" the cat girl replied as she feverishly moved her hands up and down, "Just... stand up for a minute." 

Essie stood quickly, and her milk stained dress fell even further down her wide hips, "Can I have more water?" 

Meowra nodded and refilled the goblet. After handing it to her friend, she watched the girl drink it and she tried not to ogle her too hard. 

Essie finished the water and handed the cup back before shaking her head, "Meowra, I'm so sorry to ask you this, but it just won't come out on it's own. Can you think of a better way to get all of this stupid milk out of me?" 

Meowra already had a plan, and she nodded, "I'm going to try," she said as she stepped behind her friend. 

There was a substantial height difference between the two busty demi-humans, and Meowra had to reach up a fair distance to wrap her arms around her friend. She clamped her hands around Essie's still dripping breasts, then began to squeeze them and release them in quick succession. 

"Oh, yes..." Essie sighed as she watched streams of milk shoot out from her. With every squeeze, she felt better, but it was only moments before the pressure returned, and she wondered how she was going to survive half a day of such heavy lactation. 

Meowra leaned to the side and watched her hands in amazement. Every time she squeezed, at least half a dozen small streams of milk sprayed in every direction, and it was simultaneously arousing and horrifying to the cat girl, "Essie..." she gulped as she watched milk splatter against some of Questria's instruments, "I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up." 

"I, oh... understand, just, ah... keep it up for as long as you can," Essie begged as she watched Meowra's fingers move. 

Meowra hugged herself more tightly to her friend and squeezed harder. Her panties were beginning to soak through with arousal, but she shook her head and chastised herself, this is no time to be horny, Essie needs your help! 

The strange sight went on for a moment longer before Essie heaved, "Meowra, I know you're doing the best you can, but... can you think of a way to make it come out faster?" 

Meowra's eyes widened, "Again?! Um, I'll try," she stopped what she was doing and shifted around to the front of the young woman. 

The two were way past the point of having to be modest with each other, but Meowra practically drooled as she leveled her face to Essie's current problem. She hefted Essie's heavy, swollen tits, "Maybe I can... do this?" She said as she laid her palms flat against the sides of Essie's boobs and pressed them together. 

"Oof!" Essie exclaimed as multiple streams of milk forcefully sprayed out of her. 

"Eep!" Meowra turned her face away as the front of her body was coated in the warm liquid. She could feel each tiny drop hitting her exposed cleavage, and a few drops sprayed against her neck and shoulders. So far, it was the most milk she was able to get with one movement, and she repeated the motion with determination, "Good?" 

"Amazing!" Essie nodded vigorously as she felt her overly full breasts expel even more of their endless supply. 

Meowra set her jaw and pushed Essie's tits together even harder before holding them into place. The cow girl was living up to bloodline and allowed herself to be milked, and all the cat girl could do was try to concentrate as her entire body was splattered with milk. 

Within a few minutes, Meowra was on the verge of being completely soaked, and the smell of Essie's cream was beginning to fill her nostrils. If there was one person in the world that loved milk more than Essie, it was her, but she would have no way to justify it if she... 

Essie looked down into her friend's eyes and blinked. Poor Meowra was getting so wet,and it looked as if she were getting tired. Essie felt guilty for forcing such a chore upon her friend, and she sighed, "Meowra, I'm really sorry about... oh!" 

Meowra sputtered. She'd looked up when she heard that Essie was trying to talk to her, and a heavy stream of milk had squirted right into her mouth and into the back of her throat. She caught her breath as she let her hands fall, and she tried to swallow it down as best she could without tasting it. 

But it was too late. 

Essie's breastmilk was the sweetest, creamiest milk that Meowra had ever tasted, and her eyelids became heavy as her legs began to tremble. 

"I'm so sorry!" Essie apologized. "It was honestly... whoa!" 

Mewora pounced on her friend, knocking both of them to the ground, "Essie, I love you!" The cat girl yelled frantically as the two rolled on the ground for a moment. "I can't stop myself anymore!" She opened her mouth widely before leaning forward and burying her face into the cow girl's chest. 

"Meowra, no!" Essie tried to hold her friend back, but the girl was wet and sticky from all the milk, and her hands slid right off. "You can't... oh... oh..." Essie rolled her eyes as she allowed her head to fall back. 

Meowra Had chomped down on one of Essie's tits and was suckling furiously. Hot milk flooded into her mouth, and she swallowed it greedily and hungrily. She whimpered as she suckled harder, and her pussy clenched as heat began to rise up from inside of her. 

Did I just confess my love to Essie? The cat girl thought distantly as she came up for air and settled her lips around the cow girl's other tit. It didn't matter. All that mattered was that she drink as much of Essie's wonderful, perfect milk as she possibly could. 

Essie tossed her head back and forth, "Mooewra! W,why!" She whined. The pleasure, both from being licked and suckled on and from the release, was so intense, but... had Mewora just told her that she loved her? 

The two had been working together for nearly a year, both of them hired as assistants to Questria. Well, that wasn't quite right: Meowra had been hired as an assistant, while Essie had been hired as a groundskeeper and cook. The two of them fought sometimes, but they got along most days, and though the cow girl had suspected that there was something more between them she'd never had the courage to admit it to herself. 

Meowra however, was actively expressing her feelings in a completely different way. She moaned as she smashed and pressed Essie's tits together, and whatever milk she couldn't swallow dribbled out of the sides of her mouth and added to the mess that was already pooling beneath them. She nipped and bit at Essie's hard nipples, and her pussy was getting hotter and hotter by the second. 

Essie gave in completely to her friend and wrapped her arms around her, "Yes, that's good... suck me dry. That's a good kitten." 

"Mmppf!" Meowra shuddered at the unexpected sweet talk. She felt Essie's hands scratching the back of her ears, and she began to purr involuntarily. She hadn't laid a finger on herself, but the stimulation and flavor was so overwhelming, and she felt the aching urges of what could only be an climax creep into her lower body. 

She gathered up as much of her unexpected lover's tits and crammed them together. Essie's nipples were nearly touching as milk exploded from them, and Meowra growled as she leaned forward again and snapped both of them into her mouth. She clamped her lips tightly and drank as deeply as she could while she reared head back. 

"Fwah!" Essie's hands joined Meowra's, and she smashed her own freckled tits even closer together as she felt them being stretched upwards, "Good kitty! Yes, suck my milky titties!" 

Meowra screamed around Essie's milk gushing nipples as her pussy imploded. She opened her mouth as pleasure wracked her body, and milky drool spilled from it and ran down her chin. She slumped to Essie's side and clutched the girl tightly as she continued to shudder, and her small, soft moans echoed through the cottage. 

Seconds passed, but to the cat girl, they felt like hours. She opened her eyes slowly and sat shakily, "Essie...are you..." she stopped talking when she felt a strange tingling in her chest. 
