 Everyone appeared back with Jake in his rather large room. Still weak but recovering he collapsed on the bed. "She almost won, by taking me and my body! I thank what ever power it was that allowed me to resist her like I did."

Amira and Jake's four Jinns smiled as Amira softly and gently caressed Jake's face. "Master Jake, it is as Rashala said. There is no power greater than that of love. Even the dark magic cannot defeat it." Leaning close Amira whispered in Jake's ear. "I am sorry I had to tell you the way I did Master Jake. Though I know you feel nothing for me, I will always love you."

Amira started to move away when she found that Jake had a hold of her hand in a near death like grip. "My dearest Amira. How could I be so stupid as to not love one such as you? Especially after what you and the others have done and sacrificed for me. Know this now dear Amira, I do hold love for you just as fierce and as strong as I do the others. Though you are not my Jinn and I will never ask you to be, I will always love you."

Amira was staring at Jake, her mouth agape at the words he'd just spoken. "M ... m ... Master Jake? You ... love me?"

When Jake only nodded his acquiescence Amira threw herself at Jake kissing his face in every spot she could reach. Then she danced away singing, "he loves me, he loves me!"

Jake smiled for a moment then looked at the council, the king and his sons. "It appears that we have a very large problem quickly approaching. As Rasmir has said I too can feel the final battle coming and looming closer. I feel we need to plan and soon, I at the moment am of no use 'til I regain my strength. Even with a major part of the legend fulfilled I am still unsure for the moment."

Both the Doctor and Trully appeared a moment later to examine Jake. "Master Jake I thought you were going to try and take it easy." The Doctor told him.

"I am trying Doctor, really I am. Then again it's kind of hard to when you have a homicidal bitch trying to end your life." Sighing Jake looked at the Doctor who wore a look of sympathy. Both he and Trully got busy looking Jake over completely.

Finally half an hour later the Doctor sighed. "You were lucky Master Jake. You could have done a lot of damage to yourself. If you can rest at least a day I think you will recover fully. Any less and I can't really be sure. Please Master Jake try to take it easy, a human body isn't supposed to survive dark magic. I am somewhat at a loss when it comes to healing you though I will do my best."

Jake was nodding the whole time to what the Doctor was saying. At least 'til he got to the resting part. "I'm afraid that it might not be possible Doctor. Qistina has an army out there somewhere and I'm afraid she is going to attack as soon as she can. If I am in bed I fear that we will lose this battle. That I cannot allow to happen!"

All of Jake's Jinns, Amira, Akeesha, Inger, and Nyrae gathered around Jake. Each held a determined look on their face. Jake was a little startled when he looked at each of them. The all looked ready to kill to keep him safe. Shaking his head he still found it hard to believe that he was as important as he was. He hadn't really changed the way he thought, hell he was still the same he felt, wasn't he?

Thanking the Doctor and Trully before they left Jake laid back finally starting to feel a little better.

Akeesha suddenly leaned over whispering, "Master Jake I was serious about what I said. As soon as you have the strength I would like to try." Kissing him she backed away with all of his Jinns grinning from ear to ear.

Inger also leaned over whispering, "Though I am not happy that she feels this way. I know that it would make her exceedingly happy. For that I thank you Master Jake. I have to say though I am not so inclined to do that I hope you understand."

A startled Jake whispered back to Inger, "My dear Inger I was never expecting you to. Nor for that matter was I Akeesha. As I told you before I cannot and I will not make any of you do anything you have no desire to."

With tears in her eyes Inger surprised them both when she leaned down and gently kissed Jake. Sparks flew for a moment then all was quiet in the room.

"I think that we all need to be on guard," Rashala told them all. "I have a feeling that the ex queen is far from done."

"I tend to agree, though as we saw she is hurt now and without more than half her power." Jake reminded them.

"That may be true." Rasmir started, "she does however, posses an inordinately large amount of dark magic. I am afraid if she does have an army as she said, it will take all of us to stop her. Much as I feel it did last time. Also like a wounded animal backed into a corner she is far more dangerous now."

All of the Jinns around Jake stepped forward a renewed look of determination on their faces. "We will never give up! I will take on the whole army if need be! I am an elite warrior Jinn. Let them come!" Rashala shouted to all present.

Jake smiled and patted Rashala's arm causing her to turn and stare at him. "I do not want that to happen Rashala. No, we need new strategy if we are to defeat them."

Jake had just started to formulate a plan when he suddenly looked up hearing a voice in his head. "Yes I can hear you," Jake said drawing more than a few worried looks from all there. "Yes I am still attuned to all of you. I have but as I said there had to be a complete change. When I felt that then I would. Really? Alright you may appear."

A moment later an older Jinn male appeared before Jake and the Jinns. "I beg the forgiveness..." The male started.

Jake sat up straight, "do not kneel before me. I am neither a god nor royalty."

The male Jinn's eyes were wide as he stood. "Great Ever Last Master, I have heard a great deal about you. I had not thought it possible that there was a human like you. Nor had I thought that I would ever meet them face to face."

"I can feel that your heart has indeed changed quite a bit. I apologize for not bringing you back sooner." Jake closed his eyes a moment then opened them. The look on the male Jinn's face was almost comical.

Looking back to Jake there were tears starting to flow from his eyes. "I thank you Master Jake. Before I go I have to warn you. Queen Qis ... I mean ex queen Qistina, knows where we are. I feel she intends to force those there to fight with her. I know that though most do not like the human world, they do not want to fight for Qistina either. Not far from where we were, there was a great multitude of Jinns that felt far worse. I am afraid that she intends to meet up with them and attack you and the palace. I am sorry I cannot be of more help. I have been away from my family for far too long. Please be well Master Jake." With a flourish the male Jinn was gone.

Jake was nodding this was going to change things a bit. They needed a way to whittle away at her forces before they attacked. Suddenly a smile lit up his face it might work.

"Rasmir, I think I may have a plan but I need more information before I can proceed." Jake told the older Jinn.

"Of course Master Jake," Rasmir said then his face fell as shock took its place, as Jake whispered to him. "I am not so sure that this is a good plan Master Jake."

"As I see it, this may be the only we have of defeating them and her." Jake replied.

"NO Master Jake! It is far too dangerous!" Rasmir nearly shouted.

Jake smirked a moment and shook his head, "Unless you have a better idea this is all we have to go on."

Rasmir started to speak then realized that he really had nothing to suggest.

_____________________________

Far out in the dessert Qistina, Nuha, Abla, Fatin, and Tankena pulled up short. They had been following a small feeling of power not much but enough that Qistina felt it would help. Laughing she thought a few good spells and these weaklings would make great sacrifices when they started to attack.

Suddenly Qistina felt the power start to drop almost to nothing! What was going on? Rushing forward she and the others arrived at an oasis to find an almost abandoned camp. Strange she thought as she moved to the last two that were there.

"I felt far more here than just you two. What has been going on here?" Qistina asked.

"I am not sure. One moment there were many of us here, and then a few moments ago they all started to disappear." One of the two males remaining told the ex Queen.

Turning to the other four with her Qistina told them, "It has to be the work of that pathetic human and his sickly deluded Jinns he commands."

Qistina whipped around quickly as Tankena's mouth dropped open. "Leader!"

Even as she was turning one of the two males was fading rapidly. Chanting Qistina smiled evilly then she gasped as the last also slipped from her grasp.

A visage of Jake appeared, "You should know better by now. You cannot keep something that doesn't belong to you. Here and you called me pathetic!" Then just as suddenly it was gone.

Roaring out in outrage, Qistina turned toward her second Tankena. Tensing up he knew what was coming. He had often been the target of her rage. With a grunt he felt the blast as it hit his shielding. Then he felt it start to eat through, and then he was flying back at tremendous speed into a tree easily snapping it in two.

Landing with a thud Tankena could barely move. The leader had released far more than he thought she would. He was glad he'd been working on strengthening his defenses. Trying to rise he then noticed the puddle of his own blood under himself.

"I will so enjoy killing this bastard human! Get up Tankena! I know you are alright! You think I didn't know you have been improving your defenses? Get up you pathetic male! If I didn't have need of your power I'd have killed you back when I started this war! Yes you piece of filth! I STARTED this war! I will finish it! With the death of this human I shall rule this dimension and that of the humans!" Qistina sneered at Tankena as he was dragging his body off the ground.

"Yes leader, it is as you say." Tankena growled to the leader.

Nuha watched the exchange with a lot of interest. "He does make such a good lap dog doesn't he?" She asked causing Qistina to pause a moment.

A smile broke across her face, "Yes he does, though I think I am through with him as my second. I believe that the honor as my second should reside with another female. I think you would be a far better choice as my second Nuha. Not a useless, worthless male, he had uses back then but now I am not sure."

"I agree leader," Nuha replied. "In the past my sisters and I have only had one real use for him."

Qistina's eyes went wide then she looked amused at Tankena. Floating to him she roughly grabbed his crotch. "Ah! I see my, my, Tankena had I known I also might have partaken of you." With a sigh she yanked his scrotum hard watching him grimace. "Too bad really, just once with me and you would have performed far better. Still you are my slave as all males should be." Smiling a look of pure evil crossing her face she kicked Tankena in the face. "Get used to it slave! Bending on your knees to meet all my needs! You will never have as much power or brains as I do."

Qistina and the trio laughed as Tankena dropped his eyes, "Yes leader, you are right. I feel unworthy of the honor you bestowed on me before, I thank you." Rubbing the side of his face Tankena could feel his anger and hatred of the leader growing. Replace him? We shall see about that!

Turning Qistina and the others started toward an even further out area in the dessert. Jake shook his head at the scene he'd watch play out between all five of them. Hell it was almost enough to make him feel sorry for Tankena, almost!