 The mid-day sun had burned off the morning chill and the weather was perfect for her ride into the countryside. The list of things the family needed was tucked into her pocket as she stopped by the bank to take out a bit of money for the shopping. Bella set her horse to a steady gallop as she headed out into the countryside. Knowing that the best vendors were those that were run by the locals. The city prices tended to be much higher and sometimes of lesser quality then what could be found closer to the farms and small communities nestled along the long stretches of road.

She passed many houses that dotted the countryside. Taking her time to see if any of the goods being sold where what she was looking for. Her young ward Dixie had requested a specific item and she wished to find it for her. The young girl had recently worked quite hard at her tapestries and needed only a bit more of finely spun gold and silver thread to complete it.

One of the upcoming houses along the edges of the swamps was known for its fine silks and spider web threads, perhaps here she would find what the lass was needing. As Bella approached she saw another shopper looking over the wares. Paying him no mind she looked about the Shoppe. A clearing throat brought her eyes up to meet a man that was quite tall and oddly handsome. She quickly recognized his plainsman features and smiled at him. "Are you the witch, I've heard tales of?" he questioned.

"That depends on the tales I suppose. Which witch do people talk of?" she said with a flirty tone.

"The one I hear of has long hair, quite like the color of yours." Bella tilted her head and twirled a lock of her silken hair on a finger. "I've heard she is an enchantress, and that a man would be wise to not become smitten with her." He gazed at her a long moment, then looked back at the stack of cloth that his hand had been absently stroking.

Her eyes followed his hands, causing a small laugh to thrill up from her throat. She loved the reaction she evoked from men.

"Perhaps I am the one," she smiled demurely, trying to give an innocent look. She pressed some coin into the merchant's hand and took the thread she had selected and pocketed it in her pack. Looking over her shoulder and at both the merchant who stood silently listening and then at the handsome man, her eyes roved the length of his body. Stepping onto the open porch and calling her mare, she just smiled and remounted her mare. Turning back to gaze at him in a manner that would sear the flesh of a weaker man, she lifted her gloved hand to her lips and kissed it, for effect she softly chanted a spell that sent a shimmer of light as her breath blew it towards him. Bella watched his eyes grow wide and smolder with a growing lust.

"I am sure if I am the one you speak of, you will see me again Plainsman." She tapped the reigns on the mares flank and took off at a fast gallop, her long hair catching the wind and whipping it behind her. She was well past the bend in the road beyond the merchant's house when she heard the drum of hoof beats behind her. Knowing with out even looking who followed her she let the mare slow some so the rider could catch up. Pulling up even to her, she continued to look straight ahead as she rode. A smile of satisfaction curled her lips. "Enchantress, forgive my unwillingness to wait. But when I see something I want, I do not let it slip away before I can...taste in its delights." His hand reached for the reigns to her mare and pulled it to a stop. Finally her eyes moved to his, and held them in a long gaze. Her mind began to imagine how his mouth would feel against hers, how his tongue would delight her flesh and capture her ecstasy. Her imaginations became conscience as he claimed her lips to his. Her mind reeled from the spark of passion he ignited with his kiss. Bella had kissed a dozen lips from a dozen men, but none had caught her in such a manner as what his sweet kiss evoked in her at that moment. Startled she pulled back and grabbed the reins from his hand and heeled the mare in a sharp kick, causing her to rear up on two legs and snort a protest at the jab to her flank. The witch gripped tight to the leather straps and lowered her head towards the mare's neck. In a jolt forward the mare took off towards the meadow ahead, leaving the Plainsman to spur his own mount forward in chase. Laughter echoed back to him on the winds as he followed the seductive witch. He would catch her and this time he wouldn't let her get away.

The witch's skill on horseback proved to be no match for the plainsman and his mare, he easily caught up to her at the edge of the forest and slicing in front of her on his mount, cutting off any means of escape. Bella reined her mount hard; again the mare snorted protesting the sudden starts and stops she commanded. Patting the mare's head and leaning forward to caress down her neck she looked up at him. "So you've caught me Plainsman. I hope you plan on making the chase merry." He dismounted and moved up to her side, noticing her skirt had ridden up high on her leg, showing all of her well formed calf and nearly all of a lush thigh. Licking his lips and reaching up to touch her skin, she quickly moved her skirt down to prevent his hand from touching her. She looked down at him, knowing in her mind that she did indeed want that touch, but at the same time knowing him not, prevented her from losing all decorum and allowing it.

"If you should wish to touch me again Plainsman, should I at least know your name?" She smiled down at him, her mind thinking of ways to find a modicum of decency before she would succumb to her lust of him. His kiss had stirred a deep desire in her, and she wanted him.

He reached up for her, his hands just below her breasts as she slid off the saddle towards him, his lips finding the hollow of her neck as he moved up towards her mouth. As her body fell against his, he wondered if she could feel his hard shaft through the thinness of her skirt. Before his lips found hers, he spoke. "Riverwind, my Enchantress..." Again his mouth covered hers for the second time that day and again Bella felt like the world stopped its movement. Their kiss deepened, she tasted the ale on his breath and wondered if that is where his boldness was begot. But she did not care really, she liked it, she liked the kiss, and she wanted more.

He moved back a few steps from the horses, pulling her with him towards the tall grasses. "I have great need of your enchantments M'lady Bella," he whispered softly into her ear. Pulling back from him, she grinned, "So you do know who I am."

"Of course I do Mistress Bella, I knew the moment you stepped into the Shoppe." He laughed huskily and nipped at her neck, evoking a soft moan from her. Again he nipped her tender flesh and her hands circled his waist, he knew then he had found one of her sweet spots.

The soft tall grasses bent as they eased to the ground, his hand pressed upon her back and guiding her down to the ground. Roving hands followed the feelings that were stirred by their sumptuous kisses, slowly he unbuttoned her blouse to find her lithe body encased in a black bodice. Her well-rounded breasts pressed together and the sight of her two mounds of sweet flesh begged to be kissed and sucked as his skilled hands loosened the ties. Once freed from their encasement he sat up to admire her pink nipples that blossomed into deep rose color as her arousal stirred. As his mouth covered one, his fingers reached for the other and rolled it between his fingers, pulling and pinching. Her back arched as she moaned. He felt her hand touch every inch of his skin as she moved it down his arm and then to his waist. Pulling roughly at his shirt to snake her hand under it to touch his flesh. Her hand seemed to ignite his passions more, his teeth biting down on her perfect breast. She gasped and drug her nails across his back. Seemingly at that moment nothing mattered to either one of them except for the carnal desires that had wrapped around each of their minds. No longer did either of them feel tethered to the mundane thoughts of decorum. Their hands sought to remove the remaining clothing that hindered their desires.

In their haste to strip, they found each other knee-to-knee, he held her body close to his and kissed her hard, his cock bent and pressing against her womanhood. He could tell just how ready she was for him, her juices dripping over his cock. Picking her up slightly by her ass and thrusting his cock into her. She cried out and moved her hips away from him, not expecting his deep penetration so suddenly. He grabbed her ass tighter and pulled her back to him, this time with less force. He followed the entry into her with a kiss to her neck, her body primed for pleasure. Minutes of passion turned into long moments of ecstasy as their bodies moved with each other. He pushed her back into an arch, how exotic she looked from his vantage point. Her long hair mixing with the grasses, the curves of her body nearly perfection in this pose. One hand pressed behind her back to hold herself up as the other one pressed down and teased her clit.

Watching her fingers and his cock sliding in and out of her tightness sent him to the edge of madness, he fucked her harder. Feeling a powerful shudder, flow thru her body he knew that she had reached that same moment as he had. Pulling back and driving his throbbing cock harder into her, burying into her, they both reached climax simultaneously. He had closed his eyes tightly and didn't breathe until his entire wad had been released into her. Her panting cries of pleasure rang in his ears, bringing him back down to earth. Gasping in a deep breath, he felt light headed and nearly let go of her. Finally when he opened his eyes she was pulling herself back up to him. Her breath hot and heavy on his shoulder. They held each other until their breathing returned to normal. Lifting her chin and kissing her slowly, her lips responding with gentle pressure.

Standing up and reaching for her scattered clothing, she redressed. He sat back not ready to move. She was beautiful and by the gods she had been a good fuck. "You were too Riverwind," she bent down and kissed him. He looked up her shocked that she had read his thoughts. Running a finger over his lips she smiled and stepped past him. "You will find me on the Isle of Malas, I hope you seek me out again." She spoke as she swung her leg over her horse and urged the mare into a canter.