 Chapter 2: Confused

No more then a week passed when Bella returned home from her late afternoon ride. On her front steps she spied a scroll with a waxen seal. Wary of unmarked scrolls she turned it over in her hand attempting to discern who the sender could be. One could never be too careful of anything left anonymously.

Carefully she unrolled the parchment, a runic stone tumbling to her lap as it opened. Picking it up and turning it over and setting it down next to the scroll, she began to read the masculine print of the letter.

Darling witch,

Thoughts of you permeate my days. Dreams of you fill my nights. It is my hope that I will soon see you again and find pleasure in your green eyes. Meet me tonight after the full moon has risen to its apex.

~River

The moon rose to slow for Bella this night as she waited to make her way to the location where she would find the intriguing plainsman Riverwind. Using the markings on the rune stone that had accompanied the scroll, she road thru the lands to a house near the ice plains. It had been nearly an hours ride thru the night and it had allowed her to clear her mind of all mundane things, and focus on seeing this man again that had been on her mind nearly each day.

A cold biting wind whippered past her as she found the clearing and his home. Thru the windows she could see a roaring fireplace and the shadow of someone moving inside.

Softly she knocked on the door, shivering from the cold wind that blew in from the plains of ice near his home. She was dressed in an alluring silk dress that was more then enough protection for the springtime, on the island she lived on, but she had not expected his home to be so close to the tundra areas of the lands. Her pert nipples felt like they were cutting thru the silk.

Riverwind opened up the door and smiled at her, his eyes immediately noticing how the cold wind had affected her lithe body.

"I'm glad to see you too Enchantress," he smirked. Opening the door wider for her to enter. She entered and surveyed the quaint log cabin. Definitely a home of a bachelor, even though it looked tidied some. "I have some mulled wine and a roaring fire to fend off the chill," he moved to the fireplace, thinking to himself that he would rather be the one to warm her then the wine.

Smiling, once again reading his thoughts, "That would be lovely..." she purred as she untied her dress and let it fall to the floor behind her. He turned offering her a mug of the wine. Not expecting to see the angel standing before him in her glory, the mug tilted and spilt onto the tile around the hearth. The vision she created standing there before him, her body shadowed and framed by the light cast from the hearth. He swallowed hard, steadying the mugs, oblivious to having spilt a drop.

She smiled alluringly, looking him directly in the eyes as she graced across the span of the room. Had he not known better he would have sworn she floated on air. Her hips swaying seductively, her body still chilled from the night air. Her mouth-watering breasts still kissed by coldness. Before he could drink in all of her, she was standing before him. Befuddled by her wantonness and the excitement that raced through his loins, he pressed his tongue to the roof of his mouth to try to moisten it so he could speak with out croaking.

"y..Your wine?" he closed his eyes, wanting to kick himself for asking. A genuine smile curled on her lips accepting the mug. Taking one sip, letting the subtle warmth of it warm her insides, then tossing the wine and mug into the hearth. Taking his mug and tossing it into the hearth behind hers. A look of shock registered on his face, but lasted only a moment as she wrapped her long arms around his neck and pressed her full lips to his.

Falling asleep in each other's arms, the night had slipped away from them, coiled in lovemaking. Riverwind awoke right before dawn with Bella still in his embrace. He laid there for several long minutes thinking back on the evening before. They had finally made their way to his bedroom, in the early hours of the morning. Finally spending time just talking, they both confessed they had other love interests. The interludes they were sharing were exciting for them both, but the reality was that neither was free to pursue something that would be perceived as romantic.

Slowly slipping out from under her, pausing a silent moment as she started to stir. After a few minutes he was able to slip quietly out of the bed and dress. Looking down upon her, he watched her lying there sleeping peacefully, her breasts rising and falling with each breath.

Bella waking up hours later reached over to touch Riverwind. Frowning slightly, realizing he has already left. As she lies there thinking of last nights event's a smile plays across her face. The sweet scent of sweat and sex still lingering in the air. She rolled over and wrapped her arms around the pillow Riverwind slept upon and drifted back to sleep.

Riverwind went about making his rounds from city to city, stopping at several vendors as he made his way. His thoughts drifting to last night's events, making his duties more pleasurable through the day. As the day wore into late evening, so did his desire to see Bella. The evening was closing in and his abbil's were heading off to their houses for a night's rest. Riverwind was still wound up and alert to everything. He did not feel the cloak of sleepiness fall upon him as the other's had.

Bella had sent him several messages attached to pigeons throughout the evening, inviting him to come to her. Unfortunately he wasn't able at the time and sent them back with his apologies. He had wanted to write more, each time stopping himself, he found that the words failed him. Shaking his head...not understanding why, they never failed him before. However, this was not the time to think about it, he had stuff to do before he could see her tonight.

Later in the evening as Riverwind was finishing his duties, the Guildmaster called together a hunt. They were to do a quest and call forth the Champion to spawn. As much as he wanted to see Bella, he couldn't tell him no. Even though during this hunt he was with Kelly, the young woman that had entertained him before meeting the Enchantress, but alas it was not who was thinking about or wishing to be with. Looking at his timepiece several times throughout the hunt, it was getting late. The fighting had grown intense and Riverwind had a few close call's as the evil champion attempted to take down its opponents. Finally battle worn, his set of armor nearly in shreds, he used this as an excuse to leave the hunt.

Gathering his belongs Kelly came to his side, telling her that his mind was not in this tonight. He needed to go home and rest; she nodded her understanding and offered to go with him. "No," he replied, "You stay here and enjoy yourself, don't let me get in the way of that." He kissed her cheek and recalled away to his castle to grab the gift for Bella and make himself presentable. He had been out and about early and came across a vendor selling goods. As he was looking something caught his eye, it was of magical value. His thought's going to Bella as he looked upon it, knowing he needed to buy it right there and then.

Riverwind rode to Bella's house to see if she is still awake or not. Appearing outside her bedroom window several stories up, Riverwind noticed a light still on. As he approaches the steps leading to the door, there a horse tied to a post. Knowing it wasn't Bella's horse, his curiosity got to him and rode around to her window again.

Inside the house, Bella and Sir Berem were having a pleasant conversation. She liked talking to Berem; he was easy going and a good conversationalist. Though she had longed to be Riverwind, she knew he was busy and accepted the fact that he could not be there at her every whim.

Quietly he listened, hearing voices; he could not make out the words. He could recognize Bella's voice but the males voice was unfamiliar to him. Something inside him started to stir; mixed emotions came to the surface as he tried to listen. His eyes were full of rage as his heart was beating faster. He felt betrayed, though he questioned himself, it was too late. Whatever he felt had been stirred, and there was no turning it off. As he stood there, his horse was getting restless and neighed. Not wanting to face her right now he nudged his mount away from the home.

Rage.... yes rage it was he felt as he rode on through the cities hoping for a fight. None to be found he headed towards the dungeons where he could satisfy his hunger for blood this night. He thought of going back just to throw the gift in her face, he had no use for such a thing.

Finally after hours of blood shedding and thinking, he was tired and needed rest. He headed home to sleep off the anger and mixed emotions that had taken him by surprise this eve. He laid there for what seemed like hours trying to shake off the emotions inside, even getting up to pace back and forth in his room. Mumbling around to himself as he paced the floor throwing his hands in the air, someone might have mistaken him for an insane man the way he was ranting about. Finally feeling sleep taking over in his rantings, he laid back down in his bed. His sleep was restless as she entered his dreams, her voice enticing him as it always did. The way her voluptuous body gracefully floated around him, teasing him with her light touches across his chest, stopping to flick his nipple. Her kiss sensuous, soft full deliciously lips brushing against his, her tongue flicking between his lips, a taste of what was to come. Her finger lightly caressing his neck as they moved into his hair playing, taking a handful, tugging in it pulling his head back to kiss his neck. Her lips playing on his neck, the heat of their bodies sending sensations through their bodies, as she nips on his earlobe. Biting down on his neck hard, licking the spot before she, she wrapped her lips around it sucking drawing the blood to the surface. Her scent driving him crazy, even before she touched him, she held a power over him that her could not......no that he would not break. He needed her, wanted her, loved her......huh? Loved her? As if a spell was broke her image left his mind.

He awoke to find he had even more questions of himself then when he went to sleep, he vaguely remembered his dream, but he knew he needed answers.

After receiving her last missive from Riverwind, and feeling the edge of disappointment sink in, Bella fought to let her feelings of jealousy and melancholy by being put off by him. Attaching a note, she quickly let it fly to Dragonwatch Tower to Berem. Within moments, he eagerly waited on her porch. "Some men know when to come when called," she thought to herself as she went down to greet him with the lightest of kisses.

"M'lady you look ravishing tonight," he spoke in his easy voice.

"And you M'lord are indeed my knight in shining armor, wont you come up to my private quarters?" She purred enticingly.

Having spent the entire day wanting to be near River and thinking constantly of their night before. The morning had not been kind to her as she awoke alone. The pillow with his scents her only companion as she drifted back into sleep. Looking at Berem, with seductive eyes, she called him to the bedroom. Once there, sitting before her vanity she began brushing thru her hair. Berem came up behind her and taking the brush from her, began brushing her hair in long strokes, in the mirror she watched him. The brush massaging her scalp and easing her into a quiet moment, yet her thoughts still lingered back to River. Her eyes mirrored her thoughts, the lust building up as she remembered his intimate touches. Berem taking her eyes as reflecting her feeling for him set the brush down and began kissing her neck and shoulder, pulling her from her stool and turning her to him. His lips lingering long over the tender flesh of her neck as she let his arms hold her tightly.

Suddenly a cruel thought entering her mind, "Why am I so wrapped up in him? He is with his others....Damn him for making me think of him all day..." her thoughts flooding her mind. She glanced at the bed then to Berem, taking his hand and slowly moving to the bed, letting her hand linger in his as they stood near the edge of the bed. Kissing her more intimately, his hands becoming braver and brushing across the sides of her breasts, his thumbs pushing under her bustier and arousing her as their kiss deepened. Laying her down gently on the bed and slowly touching her. For the first time she let him touch her in places she hadn't before, but it was not his hands that touched her in her mind, it was Rivers.

They both heard the neighing and the stomping of a horse from the window; jerking up Bella's heart leapt to her throat knowing it was Riverwind's horse outside, she sprung from the bed as the look of shock flashed over Berem's face.

"River,' Bella gasped.

"Bella?" Berem questioned her.

Trying to cover up her sudden shock and guilt, she laughed and looked back at him, and crawled back into bed next to him. Yet the only thought that was on her mind as he played over her body with his fingers.. Riverwind.

Awaking early the next morning, Bella crawled from bed and set out to the island next to her home and walked along the starlit water's edge. Tossing in rocks and watching the black water shimmer as the ripples fanned out from the stones presence. Her heart sank like those rocks, the feelings of guilt and anger filling her. She had slept fitfully after Berem had left upset. But she could not let him make love to her, no matter what her rebellious mind was telling her.

She had promised herself after Nate, her long dead husband that no one man would control her heart, so what the hell was wrong with her now? Was it merely the animalistic magnetism she felt for River? Was it that he had brought her to the height of passion so many times recently?

Damn him....Damn her. This was not what she had intended when they first started their affair. There were too many factors and too many hearts in play now. How would any of it be rectified? She could scarcely think to end the relationship with Riverwind, which set her heart to a fluttering panic. Nor could she end the long term, yet idle relationship with her beloved Adon, and what of Berem? Her love interests had suddenly become suffocating.

Finding a place to sit, she took several deep breaths and feel into a meditative state. Calling her Goddess to her, she allowed her mind to reach to Freya, the goddess of all that is love and pleasure. Taking herself to a deep state of unconsciousness, she reached out for the Shadowed land of the Spiritual realm to see a fate, her mind slowed and words of a chant entered her mind, the words of Freya were mouthed on the lips of dancers clad in red silken cloth. Their bodies undulating in rhythmic seductive dance steps, chanting breathlessly, as if their dance was actual love making...

Come dance with me witch

Come dance with me witch

Blue mists swirl that will turn blood red

Your heart desires will not be met

A veiled cloud hangs before your eyes

Will ye see or will ye be blind?

The thump of your heart the yearn of your loins

Are poison to man and all the wiles?

Dance the seduction

Dance the lust

Your heart will be torn

And his ground to dust

With shocking revelation, Bella jarred herself from the meditation, standing to return to her house. A red veil dropped from her lap as she stood. Taking it to her lips a single tear fell down and was absorbed by the cloth. No closer to answers, and perhaps even further then she was before seeking the Goddess.