 * * * * * 

PUBLISHED BY: Red Garnet Media LLC on Literotica.com 

Forced Awakening: Forced, Fucked, and Bred Trilogy Part 1 Copyright (c) 2012 by Bree Bellucci 

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author's imagination and used fictitiously. 

Adult Reading Material The material in this document contains explicit sexual content that is intended for mature audiences only and is inappropriate for readers under 18 years of age. 

* * * * * 

FORCED AWAKENING: Forced, Fucked, and Bred Trilogy Part 1 

* * * * * 

Sophie stretched out in the grass, feeling the warm sun on her back. She rubbed her eyes before returning to her novel. She loved having free time like this to do as she pleased. Visiting her grandmother in the countryside always felt like going back in time. There was no pressure of classes or trying to find a job. There was no reception, which meant no technology. Of course her grandmother had a television and computer inside her house, but both were so ancient that Sophie and her brother, Brandon, didn't even bother. 

Unable to concentrate any longer, Sophie sat up and brushed some dirt off her long navy skirt. She always wore her grandmother's old clothing when she wanted to lie in the grass. This was the same skirt that her grandmother had worn as a young girl and the material was soft from wear. No doubt her grandmother was weary of Sophie running around like a heathen outside, but she never said so. She only raised her eyebrows disapprovingly as Sophie ran outside to play in the field and climb the trees. Sophie knew that her apprehension had something to do with her grandfather's death. 

It had been nearly ten years since her grandfather had died. Sophie had only been twelve and she had loved her grandfather dearly. He was the reason Sophie loved the meadows so much. When she was three, her grandfather had built her a child-sized house on the edge of the forest. It was a beautiful cottage with yellow paint and white shutters. He had lovingly decorated the inside with purple walls and hand carved wood furniture. He had placed small fairy replicas along the outside corners of the house and a few on the inside as well. 

Sophie had felt like she was stepping into a fairy tale when she entered the cottage. Her father had carved a small sign above the front door, which read "Dwelling of the Sophie Kimberly." It had been her magical place and Sophie had spent her summers in her play cottage. Even now, Sophie enjoyed crawling inside and sitting on the floor. She was too big for the furniture now and too tall to stand inside. Today, she was lying in the grass right outside the cottage enjoying the beautiful day. 

Sophie peered around her shoulder and stared into the dense forest. All afternoon she had a nagging sense she was being watched. She remembered how furious her grandmother had been when her grandfather had first built the cottage. Sophie overheard her grandmother tell her grandfather that he was "tempting fate and they were always watching." She remembered her grandfather smiling down at her and saying, "those days are over now... the fairies will protect and watch over us." Sophie trusted her grandfather explicitly, and she knew he had placed the small fairies around the house to keep her safe. 

As a young woman now, Sophie figured her grandmother was talking about wild animals in the forest. While there were many small rules at her grandmother's house, there was only one rule of true consequence. Sophie and her brother were forbidden to enter the forest. Respecting this as an unbreakable law Sophie had never dared so much as to set foot in the forest. Besides, it was so dark and why should Sophie stray when she could relish in the sunshine? 

A rustling sound made Sophie jump to her feet. 

"Hello?" she called out. She took a few steps closer to the edge, her skirt quietly rustling in the grass. Even though she was wearing a long-sleeve pleasant blouse, she felt goose bumps rise on her arms. 

"This is ridiculous," she murmured, picking up her book and turning her back on the forest. Yet again, she heard the rustle and she whipped around and gasped. 

Standing only feet from the edge of the forest was a large, russet colored wolf with glowing yellow eyes. Frozen with fear, Sophie stared at the wolf. Its eyes seemed to be studying Sophie, almost human like, and warning bells fired in her head, screaming for her to run. Gaining control of her body again, Sophie stepped backwards slowly. With a sinking feeling, Sophie knew she would never make it back to her grandmother's if the wolf chased her. Her house sat as a small dot atop a hill behind her. 

"Please," Sophie pleaded softly. The wolf raised his snout at Sophie and stalked back into the forest. Relief flooded through Sophie and she sank to the ground. Adrenaline was coursing through her veins and she knew she needed to get back to her grandmother's now and quickly. Gathering her wits about her, Sophie stood up clumsily and turned towards the house. And then she heard it. A moan. Soft and aching. It sounded like a man. 

"Brandon?" Sophie whispered. Could this wolf have dragged her brother into the forest? Brandon was supposed to be out with her uncle today, but perhaps they had been nearby? She heard the moan again, and it was definitely human. Torn between the rule of never entering the forest and the fear for her brother's safety, Sophie agonized over what to do. The wolf had terrified her but what if Brandon was hurt. 

Cautiously, Sophie stepped towards the woods. 

"Brandon?" she asked again, this time louder. The moan responded, inaudible. Sophie stepped into the shadows of the trees. Twenty feet ahead she saw a man curled up on the forest floor. He was shirtless and he was wearing some type of crude, brown pants. 

"Brandon!" Sophie rushed forwards, her hands outstretched towards her brother. Just before she reached Brandon, he sprang up and Sophie saw in horror that he was not her brother, but a stranger. Unable to stop herself in time, Sophie slammed into the man, who threw her over his shoulder with ease. 

"No!" Sophie screamed, beating her fists against the man's back. 

"The less noise you make, the easier this will be," the man said darkly.

"Help!" she cried, "Someone help me please!" 

But the man was fast and seemed unaffected by her weight as he swiftly carried her deeper into the woods. Sophie screamed again, in vain, but she knew no one would hear her. She thrashed and kicked her legs and beat her fists, exerting every ounce of energy she had. 

"Female, you do not want to use all your energy now," said the man, and she heard the dark humor in his voice. The sound made her stomach turn. She went limp against the man, and quickly began devising a way to escape. She felt the man slowly slide his fingers up her legs, under her skirt. 

"No!" she cried out, kicking her legs. But he held her legs tight with one arm, while the other arm explored her soft, young skin. The man moaned deeply and he pushed his fingers up to her thighs, feeling her soft flesh. He kneaded his fingers into the skin, moaning in quiet appreciation. Sophie squeezed her eyes shut, cringing from his touch. 

Sophie noticed that the man's pace began to slow and it seemed as if he were tiring. Of course he couldn't continue at his pace with Sophie thrown over his body. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Sophie kicked with force and her body hit the ground with a thud. She scrambled to get up and run, but the man was faster, pinning her to the earth. 

He smiled, "No need to run, female. You can't escape." 

Sophie fought against his weight, but he did not budge. 

"I wanted to find a better spot, but this will have to do," he said. Sophie studied the man; under normal circumstances he was probably very attractive. He was tall and broad with large muscles. He had dark auburn hair and dark chocolate eyes with a strong jaw. 

"I am Rylan," he said, his voice softer. "I wish you no harm, but I must use your body." 

Sophie shrank back in fear. "Please. Please, let me go back and I promise I will forget all of this." 

"What is your name?" he asked, ignoring Sophie and running his hands over her arms. 

"El-Sophie" she stuttered, turning her face from him. 

"Sophie," he said slowly, as if thinking deeply of the name. "Sophie, you are to be mine." Sophie began to cry quietly. "For now," Rylan added darkly. "If you give in and don't fight it, you will take much pleasure from this." 

"Please, don't," Sophie, said, openly sobbing. "Please, I'm - I'm a virgin!" she cried. Rylan's eyes widened with desire. 

"You are of the virgin maids?" he asked in awe, lust filling his voice. 

"I don't know what that is. I'm a virgin. I've never had sex. I'm - I'm saving myself," she choked out. Sophie felt a hardness growing against her belly, and she sobbed again knowing what she felt. 

"This changes things," Rylan said slowly. "I will take my time with you." 

Sophie sobbed again and Rylan brushed her tears away, almost gently. "Listen closely," Rylan said, "If you try to fight me, I will not be gentle and I will take you here and cause you pain." 

Sophie sobbed. 

"But, if I release you and you lie here quietly, I will not hurt you. Do you understand?" 

Sophie nodded; filled with fear and realizing her only option now was to hope this man was being honest. Slowly she felt Rylan reach down and push her skirt up to her thighs. Sophie tried to ignore what was happening. Rylan ran his hands up her calves then up to her thighs before pressing his face into her thighs. 

"Mmm, you smell delicious," he breathed, inhaling deeply. He inhaled again, clearly taking pleasure from her smell. Repulsed, Sophie turned her head and felt the man pause. 

"Something is different," he said quietly, "You smell better than the others. Sweeter." 

The others? Sophie's mind raced. Were there more women that he had kidnapped? And if, so what had happened to them? Sophie did not want to think about that yet. Right now, her goal was to stay alive, whatever that meant. Rylan pressed his fingers closer to what lay between her thighs and Sophie shivered and her pulse quickened. What was happening to her? This was unimaginable, so why was she feeling her face flush? Rylan, noticing the flush, groaned, while studying her. 

"So pretty," he said silkily, reaching up to touch her honey blonde hair and stare into her pale blue eyes. "Your skin is like milk," he breathed directly between her legs. 

"Ohh," Sophie moaned, before snapping her head back in shock. That felt amazing. Rylan's hot breath against her pussy was unlike any sensation she had never known. Excited by Sophie's reaction, Rylan tugged her cotton panties down her thighs. He pushed her legs apart and rubbed his fingers against her. Sophie moaned loudly, arching her back. What was happening to her? Sophie felt her breath come rapidly. This man had kidnapped her and was assaulting her on the ground. How could she enjoy his touch? 

"Please, stop," Sophie pleaded, but her voice sounded weak. In fact, Sophie didn't sound like she wanted Rylan to stop at all. Rylan continued to tease her opening, before spreading her lips fully and pushing a finger deep into her pussy. Sophie cried out from the sensation and bit her lip. She could feel that she was wet and she began to writhe on the ground. 

Sophie was innocent in every way. Her friends had teased her in school because she never had a boyfriend, but she had never met anyone worth dating. She had only kissed a couple of boys and none of them had ever touched her below the waist, nor had Sophie ever touched a boy before. She was torn by these new heady sensations, and a sense of building deep in her stomach. How could her body betray her like this? 

Sophie pushed her hips into the air, her body begging Rylan to continue his assault. Spurred on, Rylan began to move his fingers faster. He circled one finger inside her as his thumb pressed against her clit. His other hand massaged and rubbed her, and Sophie watched her chest rise and fall as she felt his ten fingers work her. 

Sophie lay on the ground feeling like a dirty whore as Rylan panted and rubbed his hard cock against her. Sophie whimpered, her thighs quivering, feeling the juices running out of her and onto the dirt. Sophie knew she shouldn't be enjoying this; shouldn't be aroused and turned on by her captor. But Rylan was taking her to places she had never been before. 

"Come, Sophie," Rylan commanded, working her faster and faster, his own breath ragged from arousal. "You can feel it within you. Let go." 

Sophie let go and the world exploded around her as she screamed in ecstasy. 

"No, no, no," she panted as she convulsed on the earth, her body wracking with waves of pleasure. Rylan growled and pulled out his large cock and began stroking it quickly. Sophie watched in fear, yet a small part of her was hoping Rylan would plunge into her and bring back her sensations. Rylan stroked himself on all fours, and only stopped to run his fingers in Sophie's wetness and bring it to his mouth. His eyes would roll back in his head from pleasure and then he would continue his stroking, getting faster still. 

Sophie watched Rylan's cock continue to grow and she shuttered at the thought of something so large inside of her, and yet, there it was again, that small voice aching for Rylan to fill her. Sophie realized she had just experience her first orgasm, with this animal of a human. Rylan's breath came quickly now and he found his release, calling out strange sounds as if another language, before shooting all over Sophie's legs. 

Repulsed, yet oddly turned on, Sophie watched Rylan smear his cum into her legs, throwing his head back and making an odd, sort of howling noise. He stood up quickly, pulling his pants up before pulling Sophie to her feet. He tossed her panties aside, saying, "You won't be needing these any more." And Sophie felt fear creep over her again. 

Rashly, Sophie made a run for it, but Rylan grabbed her in no time. 

"I warned you," he snarled, "escaping is pointless." 

Sophie whimpered as Rylan threw her over his shoulder and moved deeper into the forest. 

Hopeless, Sophie felt herself doze off exhausted from the deceitful, powerful orgasm. Suddenly she was jolted awake as Rylan threw her to the ground. 

"We're being followed!" he hissed. Suddenly, the air seemed alive and humming and Sophie shook her head, thinking the fall must have hurt her head. Rylan's body seemed to shake and twist as his form changed. Fur sprouted from his skin and his head morphed into that of an animal. His back curved and his legs elongated. Rylan the human was gone and in his place was the wolf Sophie had seen earlier. Sophie gasped, trying to wrap her mind around what had just happened. The wolf set off into the west. 

Sophie realized this might be her only time to escape. Since she had fallen asleep, she wasn't sure which direction to go. She began to run blindly, away from the direction of the wolf. Suddenly she heard an animalistic shriek as a hideous animal flew directly at her. Sophie screamed, covering her head and sinking to the ground. Out of nowhere, Rylan, the wolf, came barreling out of the trees, lunging at the animal and taking it to the ground. The animal shrieked and flapped its wings. It looked half bird and half gruesome corpse. 

The wolf tore at the bird, ripping its head from its body and throwing it on the ground. Sophie shrieked again as Rylan continued to tear at the creature. Once satisfied, the wolf stepped back and Sophie felt the air change again. Suddenly the wolf was twisting and she saw Rylan's human form take shape. He stood naked before Sophie, panting, not bothering to pick up his brown pants. 

He walked towards Sophie, his eyes dark with something. Lust? Power? Violence? He grabbed Sophie's body and pulled her to him, crushing his body to hers. Sophie tried to push back, but Rylan held her tightly and brought his hungry mouth down upon her. He kissed her angrily, fiercely and Sophie felt her body betray her again, as she kissed him back, eager and hungry herself. She felt a pull between her thighs and Rylan groaned into her mouth, fisting his hands in her long hair, pulling her head back before inhaling the scent of her neck. 

"What are you?" Rylan growled. Sophie looked at him perplexed. 

"You don't smell like other humans." 

Sophie, gaining a bit of courage, retorted, "I am a human, but what the hell are you?" 

"Later," Rylan growled and he pulled the strings apart on her white blouse that was now smeared with dirt. Her bra now exposed, Sophie felt more vulnerable and her fingers grazed against Rylan's hard and eager cock. Rylan roughly pulled down her bra straps and her soft breasts sprung free. Rylan groaned bringing his mouth to her chest. Sophie consented, arching her back, forcing her breasts further into Rylan's hand and mouth. Rylan sucked and twisted her nipples roughly, and Sophie smarted from the pain and then pleasure set in. 

Rylan groped, and massaged, taking her whole breast into her mouth, flicking his tongue roughly against the nipples. Sophie wriggled against him, clutching his arms for support. Rylan grabbed her hands and pushed them onto his cock. Sophie, unsure what to do, froze. She then fought her mind screaming no, and let her desire take over. She took Rylan into her hands, stroking and rubbing. Rylan moaned against her breast, and Sophie continued. 

Rylan roughly pushed Sophie to the ground, and spread her legs apart. Sophie moaned, hoping and fearing what Rylan might do. Rylan reached down and felt her wetness. Sophie hated how her body loved his every touch, this strange wolf-human. Rylan brought his mouth to her trembling thighs and lowered his mouth onto her pussy. 

"Arrgh!" Sophie cried out. She had never felt such pleasure and she trembled from his hot mouth on her most delicate parts. He licked and sucked, consuming her as if she were the most delicious thing he had ever tasted. He teased her opening before ramming his tongue inside her and again Sophie cried out. Sophie had nothing to compare to, but this was unbelievable and she briefly thought her friends were right in telling her to stop holding out. Sophie pushed her hips into Rylan's mouth, needing Rylan to eat her until she disappeared into the earth. 

"You are so wet," Rylan huffed as he continued to devour her. Sophie ran her own hands over her breasts, feeling her hard nipples. She was going out of her mind and she thought she felt an orgasm coming. Sophie was having a hard time concentrating, and she didn't recognize her own panting and moaning. She sounded like an animal. Pleasure ripped through her and Sophie succumbed to her ecstasy, her body twisting on the dirt. 

Her orgasm had barely ceased, before Rylan pulled her to her knees. 

"Suck," he ordered, standing so that his cock was level with Sophie's face. Sophie was still trying to catch her breath, and looked at Rylan, unsure. 

"Suck," he repeated, taking hold of himself and angling for Sophie's mouth. Sophie wrapped her mouth around his cock, feeling Rylan pulse within her mouth. She grasped the base with her hand so she would work better and began to slide her mouth up and down around Rylan, feeling his ridges and bumps under her tongue. 

She didn't know whether to be repulsed, or to reach down and touch herself. A few short hours earlier, she had been reading a book in the sunshine, basking in her virginal bliss. Now she was sucking the cock of a man-wolf, and allowing him to lick between her thighs. Sophie wondered if her family was looking for her yet. They must be by now. How long would it take them before they entered the woods? Her family knew that Sophie knew better than to enter the woods. 
