 I left the Bestus Buy Store with a smile on my face, because, once my image was certified as the first in line, I rushed to the store, bought my game and then experienced the short Jessica Simpson demo. I must admit for her age, she was quite incredible, but now I had my sights set on the Farah Fawcett cartridge. My plan was to give the Farah 60 a chance and then sample the goods when she was in her prime.

Once home, it took me a while to unload it from the hovercraft and wrestle it into my apartment. The game console was easy, it was the "real" screen that was tough. Sixty inches of pure heavy was almost to much for the roto-servers but I finally got it into the apartment and situated in the room. I took great care getting it balanced before hooking it up, but finally all the adjustments were completed and I plugged it into the console.

Carefully unwrapping the cartridge, I popped it into the console and started it up. In a few moments there she was, just like on my grandfather's old poster, only a bit older, a bit chubbier and as I would soon find out, a whole lot goofier. At the time I hadn't recalled the old Letterman episode when she had a few dozen too many drinks and, well ended up looking like a complete ditz.

I couldn't afford the 360 screen that was featured at the Bestus Buy store when I watched the Jessica Simpson cartridge, but the sixty inch image did show me a lot of Farah. Even at sixty she was beautiful. The hint of crow's feet at her eyes seemed to add to that beauty and though she had some bags under her eyes, she concealed it well with make-up. Now there were some wrinkles on her neck and a few veins showing a bit, but then looking downward, her breasts were nice. Sure they sagged, but wow, I couldn't wait to take each of those oranges in my hand and gently squeezing.

Not wanting to rush into anything, I continued looking her over. She had a slight paunch on her belly and a bit of extra flesh on her hips, but they still inspired me to run my tongue down her body. She suddenly turned and I got a quick glimpse of her ass and then some spidery veins running down her legs, that was a bit of a turn off, but I figured as long as I face her from the front, the veins won't be too much of an issue.

After spending a good ten minutes looking her over, I placed my hand on the screen and pushed, feeling it slowly slip through the barrier and rest on her soft ass. Wanting to divert my gaze from her varicose veins, I pushed a bit, rolling her onto her back. Immediately she started giggling and she said, "Omish, what you doin' thar?"

"Excuse me?" I said, not sure if I understood her drunken mumbling.

"Ishad what you thar doin'?"

"What am I doing?"

"Yeah, I said that," she said in a way I could finally understand.

"Well I wanted to... well, fuck you."

"Well fuck me, what's a well fuck?"

"No, no, I said I wanted to fuck you?"

"Fuck me?" she asked.

"Yeah," I answered, getting a bit frustrated with her general lack of any idea what was happening.

Slowly running her hand down her body, sliding over her nipples and then down through her pubic hair, she dipped her fingers into her pussy, getting them wet. She then moved them back up to her clit and began moving her fingers over it in a slow, circular motion. I reached over and touched her thigh with my hand, moving it downward figuring she'd move her hand and let me take over. Instead, she grabbed me with her free hand and held me away, as she quickened the pace of her movements over her clit.

Her ass began to move, lifting up off the bed and then dropping back down as she continued toying with her clit. Occasionally she'd move her hand down and dip two and later three fingers deep into her pussy, quickly returning to her clit. In just a few more moments I heard her moan loudly as she arched her back and lifted her ass high off the bed as she came.

Figuring it was just the warm up for me, I leaned forward and pushed my cock against her, now soaking wet, pussy. Right away she shouted, "No, I already came!" as she grabbed my cock and pulled it away from herself.

"But you're supposed..."

"I'm supposed to what? Hell you dinnt evern get me a drink, you axpect to fark... to fuck me?"

"Well that's the idea, that's why I bought..."

"Bought? You bought nothin'. I ain't a whore, I ain't a whore!" she shouted so loudly that I stepped back, slipping out of the screen as it immediately went black.

"What the hell was that?" I asked myself, pulling the cartridge out of the console and putting it back in the box. "That one's going back to the store, now where's my receipt?"

I found the receipt still in the bag, but I figured I better take a look at the other two cartridges. Hell, I might be taking them all back unless Farah at twenty-nine put out a hell of a lot better than the drunken sixty year old actress.