 I looked at the box holding the Kate Moss 27 cartridge almost afraid to open it. I mean after the drunken debacle with the sixty year old Farah Fawcett and then the screaming bitch tease of a twenty-nine year old Farah I couldn't imagine what would happen next. I mean after the incredible demo I experience on the game system at Bestus Buy, where a fifty-five or something year old Jessica Simpson gave me an incredible blow job, it had been all bad from there.

Once again, I carefully read the instructions to make sure I wasn't doing something wrong starting it up, but no, it was exactly the way I did it. I removed the packaging and opened the box and walked over to the game console. Reaching down to plug it in, I paused, envisioning what had happened to me, wondering how much worse it could get. Figuring, "What the hell," I bent over to plug in the game when my vid-phone rang in.

Moving over to the camera I said, "Hello."

"Hey Josh, did you ever buy that Foreplaystation 15?"

"Yeah, I was the first in line at the store, got a hell of a blow job from Jessica Simpson."

"So your system is working fine?"

"Well, no. I was first in line, so I got to try the demo at Bestus Buy, that's where I got the blow job. On my system at home I tried the Farah Fawcett 60 and then the Farah 29, but fuck, it was a nightmare."

"Yeah, Ted got a system too, bought it with the Kate Moss 27."

"I got that one too, I was just about to start it up."

"Don't bother man, he was telling me about it. He said it started up fine, they were in a restaurant sitting close together. Well Ted slips his hand up under her dress and pushes his finger into her pussy, all the while, she is eating."

"Kate Moss?"

"Yeah, she's gorging herself, eating ribs, fried chicken, lasagna, pasta, whatever she can get her hands on. Ted doesn't care, by this time he's slid under the table eating her pussy.  Well she does stop eating just long enough to cum all over his face. Hell, she's a squirter apparently and his face is covered in her cum. Anyway, they finally finish eating and head home, wherever that is in the game.

"Once there, they pull off each other's clothes and Kate knocks him to the ground, practically raping him. I mean he's on his back and she sucks his cock for a while and then climbs up on him, sliding her wet pussy over his cock. Now she's moving up and down on him, her ass slapping onto his thighs as she comes two more times."

"She comes twice," I said, feeling my cock harden, anxious to crank up my copy of the game.

"Well, he's getting close by now, but she suddenly stops, remains on top of him, but gets a strange look on her face. She then takes two fingers and pushes them down her throat and she fucking hurls her lunch all over the room they're in, I mean complete and absolute gross out."

"Oh fuck," I moaned.

"Well, now Ted's about to hurl himself, so he quickly bucks her to the side and runs into the bathroom, fortunately he is able to control himself and avoids getting sick. Anyway, he carefully sneaks out of the room as Kate Moss is now diddling with her clit, waiting for him to return. She moves towards him when she sees him, but he quickly steps through the screen and escapes her."

"Well that's it, I'm gonna return this whole fucking system back to Bestus Buy. I can't believe all this has happened, especially after the wonderful demo I experienced with Jessica Simpson."

"Okay, boy I'm glad I didn't waste my time waiting in that holo-line for three days like you and Ted did."

"Damn, and it all seemed so good."

"I don't know, you know that Foreplaystation never was the same after the 13, the vibrating pussy and cock add-ins were state of the art, but the 14 and now the 15 have been bad, I just don't know what it is."

"I don't know, it sure seemed like it would be great."

"In theory, you see what's happening in reality."

"What?"

"They started acting human. No way were they going to let just any smuck fuck them."

"No man, it's got to be a minor glitch or something, they'll get it straightened out."

"So you're keeping the 15."

"Shit now, I'm taking the bitch back. When they bring out the final version of the 15 I may try it again."