 I carefully boxed up my game console and "real" screen and with the help of the roto-servers got it loaded into my hovercraft.  Returning back up to my apartment, I grabbed the three game cartridges, the Kate Moss 27, the Farah Faucett 29 and the Farah Fawcett 60 and my receipt and headed back to my car.  It was a short drive back to the Bestus Buy which seemed much busier than I had expected.  Sure they were packed early in the morning when the Foreplaystation 15 first went on sale, but they had to have sold out by noon or so.  For the store to be so crowded at this time, something had to be up.

Unloading my hovercraft into a glide cart, I pushed my system to the store, but as soon as I stepped in the entrance I was handed a number and ushered into a long line of people, with nearly every one pushing a Foreplaystation 15.  Resigning myself to the fact that I was going to be in line for a long time, I looked around the store,  Things were bad all over, I heard people cussing out managers, assistant managers and in one case a janitor.  Initially I thought it was on a number of different things, but I kept hearing Foreplaystation like an echo reverberating throughout the store.

"Hell, the woman in the game won't fuck.  If that's what I wanted I'd have stayed at home and saved the money for the game.  My wife will at least let me fuck her every once and a while, this bitch wouldn't give me anything," one man shouted at a clerk.

"She grabbed my balls..."

"...butcher knife and a frying pan..."

"She used me, kept going until she came and then left me high and dry."

Conversations were swirling around the room.  The store, as a way of pacifying the angriest customers, had opened the Jessica Simpson demo to them.  They ran the playback on some large screen TVs throughout the store.  I guess by showing us this video they hoped to calm everyone down some, letting us see that some of it works.

I watched the screen, fondly remembering the time I spent with Jessica.  It wasn't the young version, it was a fifty something version of her, but it was still very satisfying.  On screen I could seen her moving her mouth onto the man's cock.  I could see her cheeks pull inward with her suction and I wished I was back in that room with her again.  Soon his hips were moving back and forth as he pushed his cock into her mouth.

Smiling, I continued watching, knowing he'd be coming soon, shooting his cum in her mouth and maybe out onto her face.  But, wait a minute, instead of coming in her mouth, the man pulled out and moved his hand to her pussy, shoving a finger into her.  She immediately pulled his hand away, but he then moved, pushing her onto her back as he crawled between her legs.  He was leaning forward, getting ready to shove his cock into her pussy when she wrestled free, stood up and kicked him in the balls!

With that sight, I heard moans from all over the store, as every man watching winced with sympathy pains.  In just a moment the man came rushing out of the room holding his balls screaming, "She kicked me in the balls, the fucking video game whore kicked me in the balls!"  

Well, the collective calm that had fallen over the store as Jessica was performing the blow job on the man, now erupted again and in no time the noise level was deafening.  Gritting my teeth I stayed in line, finally reaching the counter.  The cashier asked, "What games and what problems?"

"Farah Fawcett 29 tried to grab my balls, Farah Fawcett 60 was a drunken fool that left me hanging and I was simply afraid to try out the Kate Moss 27."

"Okay, that's one ball buster, one drunken sot and the vomit queen.  You want to return the system too?"

"Well without the games, it's not much good."

"Okay, do you have your credit card, we'll refund your entire purchase amount," she said mechanically.  She swiped my card through the machine, handing me the receipt.  "Be sure and hang onto this receipt, the same people who made the game you returned made our computer system."

Putting the receipt in my wallet, I walked out of the store, only to spot Ted's holo-image in line.  Looking at the image I said, "Ted, what are you doing in line?"

"Hey Josh, yeah this is the line for the new Ninetendo Fuck Boy and Fuck Girl.  You better hurry it's gonna sell out fast come Tuesday."

"Thanks," I said, running toward my hovercraft.  I had to get home quick and park myself in my living room.  Once there I could crank up my holo-image and begin waiting in line.  "Damn, that Fuck Boy is going to be good," I said to myself as I sped toward home.