 She woke slowly, the pain slicing through her skull as torches and candles blazed all around her. Quiet footsteps approached with a rustle of dusty skirts. Her eyes wouldn't quite focus and her mouth felt dry as tinder.

"I see you have finally decided to join us. We could proceed without you but this way is so much more fun!" The high thin giggle that followed her captor's words was less than sane and chilled Eve to the very marrow of her bones.

"Why am I here? What do you want with me?" Eve rasped, her voice sounding thin as paper. She began to test her bonds and discovered that she appeared to be resting on some type of stone table or altar and that her arms were stretched tightly above her head.

"You took something away from me and now you are going to get what you deserve." Eve gasped as the owner of the voice stepped into view.

"I could not possibly take from you something that was never yours to begin with. He never loved you Morgana." Maybe antagonizing her jailor wasn't the smartest course of action but the pain and fear had combined to take away Eve's inhibitions and make her feel a bit giddy and reckless. Eve tried to move her legs and realized that they were also bound and that she was wearing nothing but her thin silk shift.

"That might be but if not for you he never would have left to make his fortune and he would not have died far away from home on a fool's errand. Without you turning his head, he would have come to love me in time." The crazy and desperate giggles that followed this declaration terrified Eve almost as much as the icy cold touch of the dagger Morgana now used to prick the tender skin between her collar bones. A thin rivulet of blood tracked slowly down the side of her neck to drip on the cold stone beneath her. Tears burned in her eyes as memories flooded her mind.

"I never wanted him to go away." Eve murmured quietly. "I loved him whether he lived in a castle or in a mud walled hut. He believed that my family would never allow us to marry if he wasn't a wealthy man. You were nothing to him; less than nothing, a pest!" Eve's voice rose in volume until the last words were screamed in desperation. Morgana giggled again and shook her pale golden curls merrily.

"Your anger will get you nowhere, dear. I have given my body and my eternal soul to see my revenge carried out." The knife traced a chilly path down Eve's chest and between her plump heaving breasts. "No one can hear your screams and by the time anyone thinks to look for you, it will be finished." Morgana drew the knife further down Eve's body and punctuated the last few words by snapping the laces on her shift.

"What are you doing?" Eve began to struggle in earnest only succeeding in causing the wisps of silk to fall away, exposing her tightly pointed nipples. Morgana finished slicing her shift down the middle and quickly cut the ropes on her ankles. Eve kicked out, almost on impulse and connected with her captor's corseted ribs. Morgana grunted and grabbed Eve's ankles in a grip much stronger than it should have been. Hysterical laughter echoed off the damp stone walls as Eve became limp with shock and despair. "What have you done?" The tremble in Eve's voice only succeeded in making Morgana laugh harder as she proceeded to secure Eve's knees and ankles, pulling them so far apart that Eve was sure she would split in half. Morgana ran a sharp fingernail up Eve's shivering body as she leaned toward her face nearly close enough for a kiss. A red glow began to form in Morgana's eyes and Eve knew. Morgana had sold her soul to a demon in payment for her revenge on Eve. The voice that answered was a disturbing blend fading between Morgana's high soprano trill and a deeper more masculine growl.

"I have power now." The Morgana creature purred seductively. "More than enough power to give you a special little gift." The red glow grew brighter and Morgana or whoever she had become caressed Eve's creamy flesh. Goosebumps erupted on Eve's arms when Morgana cupped her left breast. "You will be cursed before the night is through; cursed to need love or in your case sexual release at another's hands every single day for the rest of your now immortal life." With those words Morgana grasped Eve's nearest nipple, pierced it and fitted her with a small gold ring and a blood red ruby drop. Eve gasped and arched her back in response to the unexpected pain. Eve panicked. She whimpered and writhed trying once again to get free.

"Stop this! What do you gain by hurting me?" Eve panted through gritted teeth.

"Dear innocent Eve. You don't understand at all do you? I have been in pain since the day you turned him away from me and now I relish any pain I can cause you. I will soon cease to exist but your torment will go on and on forever.

Tears streamed from Eve's clear green eyes as she yelled, "He never loved youuuaaah!" The pain was excruciating as her right nipple received the same treatment as the left. Eve cried almost silently as a thin gold chain was fastened around her belly, a second strung between her nipples and a third from the center of the upper chain to the lower chain right below her naval. A third larger teardrop hung there, the trio giving the impression of drops of blood.

" Well now. Isn't that a pretty sight?" The high tittering voice grated on Eve's nerves. "Do you like your pretty new baubles? No? Well, no matter. You will soon grow used to them. They are spelled to become part of your curse and you will be unable to remove them. Now, I must say goodbye so that the rest of the ceremony may begin." Morgana slowly walked away and waves of pure power rippled through the room with nearly physical force. Her body grew and changed. The fall of pale, curly hair became straight and ebony black in a breath. The clothes changed in the blink of an eye to polished knee high boots, tight breeches belted low on the hips and a floor length fitted leather coat, all in unrelieved inky black. Blue sparks danced down the coat's lapels, illuminating not Morgana but a very broad masculine chest. Her captor raised his head and Eve sucked in a breath as she beheld the most strikingly handsome face she had ever seen.

"Who are you?" Eve whispered, the sound barely audible even in the overwhelming silence of her stone prison.

"I am Azriel. Morgana summoned me from my prison in the otherworld and we struck a bargain. She gets her revenge and I get ownership of her corporeal body. Unfortunately I am bound by her summoning to follow through with her plans for you. I would rather not do this and I will make this as pleasant for you as possible but I must perform the ceremony before dawn or I will lose my hold on this body and my only chance to be free." Before Eve had a chance to blink he leaned forward and kissed her forehead, then trailed his lips down her cheek to the point of her jawbone.

"I must take your innocence but please try not to be afraid." Azriel murmured against Eve's soft skin. "I do not wish you any harm and I will be eternally grateful to you for opening the door to my prison." Eve sobbed quietly over the impending loss of her virginity but even more poignantly for the uncertainty of her future. She began to relax a little as his warm lips began moving down her neck, across the collarbone, to the valley between her breasts. Eve didn't trust her voice to work as his huge hand reached up to cup one of her breasts and his thumb circled her aching nipple. The pain was fading, being replaced with soothing warmth and bright tingles of something more primal. When he lapped at her other rose hued tip with his warm, wet tongue, Eve shuddered and moaned quietly. Azriel glanced into Eve's glassy, tear-filled emerald eyes in surprise.

She hated herself for responding so easily to him even as desperate moisture pooled between her widespread thighs. Azriel bit gently at her nipple and softly rolled the one between his fingers. Eve arched her back, half in pain and half in desire. She felt his lips and tongue blaze a fiery trail of little nips and licks down her heaving ribs and across her hipbones before dipping lower to lap at her quivering wet slit. Azriel waved a hand and the soft auburn curls disappeared from her womanhood. He admitted to himself that this was unnecessary but he wanted to see her petals slick with need for him. Eve didn't fully understand what it was she felt was so close and yet out of her reach. Azriel continued to lick her now erect little pearl as he slowly slid one large finger into her virgin opening. Eve panted and moaned quietly, twisting her hips, desperately seeking. She whimpered with loss when it was withdrawn. Resigned to her fate, Eve surrendered to the sensations that Azriel was wringing from her inexperienced body.

Azriel felt the reluctance leave her body when she made the conscious decision to make the best of her situation but he didn't quite trust her to accept him meekly if she were untied so he decided to take the option away from her. He stepped to the side and untied her hands only to secure them on either side of the table. He then proceeded to untie her legs and pull her further down the table so that the firm globes of her ass nearly hung off the table. Her legs were quickly tied to the odd projections jutting from the end of the table. Her knees were bent and tied just below the level of the table surface and her ankles attached to rings several inches from the floor. This position served to arch her back and tilt her pelvis slightly downward.

Eve felt terribly exposed and stretched since her thighs were spread even farther apart than before but she was willing to endure that seemingly minor discomfort if he would just continue to touch her. Azriel answered her silent pleas as he again began licking the dewy lips of her sex and this time pressed two thick fingers into her dripping pussy. Eve felt her body stretch to accommodate Azriel's large fingers. She moaned again, loudly this time, hoping to encourage him as she strained toward his questing hand.

Azriel raised his head and watched her beautiful face, transformed by passion into a visage to rival the angels. He knew she was very close to her release and the time for the spell had come. He divested himself of his garments with a mere thought and stepped up between Eve's straining thighs. He continued to rub and pinch her throbbing clit as he pressed his enormous cock against her soaking wet entrance. His abnormally large size would cause her some pain but he hoped that the pleasure she felt would temper the pain.

Eve felt as if she were being torn apart when Azriel began to push his cock into her but the pain paled in comparison with the pleasure of his hands on her clit and nipples. He rolled them between the thumb and forefinger of his free hand, alternating between breasts every few seconds. Soon the sparks of pleasure blended into one large wave threatening to wash her away.

When Azriel bumped against the barrier of her virginity, he began to chant softly in a language Eve didn't understand. He pulled back and began to pump slowly in just the first couple of inches of her tight virgin pussy. Azriel watched Eve's movements become increasingly desperate and he knew her climax was fast approaching. He finished speaking the words of the spell as he felt her slick passage clamp down on his cock and she screamed her release as he thrust past her maidenhead. He emptied torrents of hot seed into her depths with a guttural groan. Her pussy clamped down on him in rhythmic waves as her climax washed over her. With each contraction of her slick passage, Azriel pressed his thumb onto her clit and tugged gently on the chain attached to her nipples, prolonging her pleasure as long as possible.

When the tremors subsided, Azriel withdrew from her now stretched and aching pussy. He released her from her bonds and easily carried her op a set of stone steps into the emerging light of dawn. A thought clothed them both and he lay down with her beneath the boughs of a giant oak. Eve trembled now that the passion had faded and a tear slipped from her emerald green eye.

"Shush. You will be alright now. I had to give you the curse as Morgana wanted in order to keep this body but that isn't all I have given you. You are now immortal but not exactly as a human. I have shared my power with you as well and the knowledge of its use is locked in your mind. When you need it, both the power and the knowledge will be available to you. Eve looked up into Azriel's handsome face and he brushed the tear with a gentle thumb.

"What do I do now?" Eve rested her cheek against his powerful chest, amazed that she felt so safe and protected in the arms of the creature who had just stolen her innocence and cursed her for all eternity. She almost felt sorry for him because he was as much Morgana's pawn as she was.

"You can do anything your heart desires. Just remember that the nature of the curse requires you to experience sexual release or you will become weak and eventually sicken and die. In all other ways you are immortal. You will heal from even the most grave wounds and illness cannot touch you." Azriel stroked her hair and silently cursed himself for so quickly becoming attached to this beautiful auburn haired girl. "I must leave you now but before I go I would like to give you a gift." From his pocket, Azriel produced a golden ring set with a large stone that seemed alive with all colors of the rainbow. He withdrew a small dagger and pricked both their fingers, allowing a drop of blood from each of them fall on the stone. It glowed brightly like the red gleam of Azriel's eyes for just a moment before the rainbow colors returned. "If you ever need me just kiss the ring and say my name. I will come to you no matter where you are in the world." Azriel kissed her lips for the first time before vanishing into thin air, leaving behind only the leather and spice scent of him to keep her company...