 John decided he could trust Anna. He could feel that she wasn't angry with him, just perplexed. Even doubting her own sanity. He guessed that could really drive a person mad and that wouldn't be fair on her.

"You could. I've had this ability since I was about eighteen or a bit younger."

There followed the usual demonstrations John did when he felt he could trust someone enough to let them see what he could do. Only once had he been called a freak but that once had fed his caution. He picked up a plant by it's stem and showed how his invisible hands could reach through the curtains in order to do it. He could only touch things that were within his arms reach though he had no way of proving that to anyone else.

"Have you ever thought of going on stage? No one would ever guess that what you were doing was real even though they wouldn't be able to explain it?"

Eventually, curiosity, at least partially satisfied John wrapped his arms around Anna again. Their snogging sessions had reached the point where she would let him feel her breasts under her shirt. Now she experienced his fingers gently stroking her breasts and squeezing her erect nubs with his fingers directly on her skin despite still being fully clothed. Feeling incredibly naughty Anna took hold of one of the invisible wrists she could feel and guided the hand attached, if that is the right phrase for something that does not physically exist to the hitherto forbidden area betwixt the tops of her thighs.

John explored the outside of her hidden mysteries first, unable to feel her pubic hair the hair being dead, His fingers glided their way up and down the outer edges of her lips before moving in to feel the wetness below. Anna was assaulted by sensation. Her tight but was being felt by one real hand on each cheek. Another invisible hand was still playing with her right breast and her lips were locked to John's.

Eventually they came up for air.

"You know this could really make some of those boring lectures a bit more interesting! Harry meeting Sally would have nothing on it!"

Anna had decided. Seconds after their snog had finished her clothes were on a pile beside the bed and she had started on to remove John's clothing.

Even without this physical evidence of Anna's lust John knew all about her intentions through his mind. Soon four hands, tongue and lips were caressing her body. A part of Anna found it difficult to believe there was not another person in the room with them. Anna found that no sooner had she formulated the thought of what she wanted John to do to her body next he had moved on to do it.

"Let me taste you."

John sensed Anna's confusion as part of her found the idea deliciously naughty while another part of her mind still harboured Catholic guilt and thoughts of the nuns who had taught her at school. Her excitement won out and soon she was pushing her hips up into John's eager face as guided by her mind his invisible hands parted her labia allowing him to view the full beauty of her vagina. 

At the same time his ordinary hands were doing something extraordinary to her breasts. She moaned in response to his ministrations to her nipples and then almost without warning her juices started to flow more strongly and Anna felt her first orgasm, not brought on by her own fingers.

"Fuck! That was nice! I want you to make love to me now, but be careful because it is my first time."

"It's OK sweetie, any time you want we can slow down or stop."

"You'd better not stop till after my pussy squeezes that thing between your legs when I cum."

When his lips and tongue were not otherwise engaged, John told her over and again how beautiful and sexy her body was. After coating his hard six inches with her love fluids he rubbed his engorged tip up and down the length of Anna's willing vagina. His pre-cum did it's work and the hormones stimulated her body to produce still more of it's natural lubrication. 

John pushed gently at first, soon meeting the resistance of her hymen. He withdrew and pushed again a minute fraction harder. It was only after withdrawing a fourth time he heard or sensed Anna's thought, he never could decide which.

"I know it will hurt, just push it in and get it over with then we can have some fun."

John pushed with even more thought and heard Anna gasp. He continued to stroke her with all four hands as she gradually accustomed herself to his girth. Her blood mingled with the other fluids in her vagina, helping to make it slick and soon together they built up into a steady rhythm. All too soon the sensation of Anna's tightness around him told.

"I am about to cum!"

"Don't worry darling, you will last longer next time." 

With that John erupted into her and as his organ shrunk back to it's normal size he kissed her as he slowly withdrew.

"Finish me off with your fingers while you recover."

Anna smiled. When she had cum again she whispered,

"Your turn now."

Her satisfied cunt dripping over John's chest, she lowered her head down to take his penis between her lips, never knowing where she was going to feel a hand next. Youth was on John's side and it was not long before he was once again erect. This time Anna mounted him as she experimented with the new sensations her body was experiencing. 

Straddling John's waist, she rose and fell, her body slick with sweat, cum and blood. Her eyes fixed on John's face, his own riveted to the naked body moving like a goddess above his own. This time he felt the powerful contractions of her cunt muscles before she collapsed on top of him.

Too sore to want to go a third time so quickly Anna dismounted but had an idea.

"I want you to masturbate with your invisible hands."

This was what John normally did in the shower after their necking sessions. He knelt between her legs so he could see what had before been the object of his fantasy. In real life she was sexier still. Anna watched as the skin moved under the invisible force, the foreskin one moment pushed up over the tip of his penis and the next the engorged head all visible.

The first jet hit her in the face, the second between her breasts and the remainder before the slow oozing that went on for minutes landed on her pubic hair and round her vagina.

"I bet you could make a fortune in porn shows with that trick."

"Do you really want to share it?"

"I guess not." 

Anna smiled again. "I would get jealous. Besides I like having four hands to stroke me without the complication of another person in the room."