 The revels had long since died down, except for a few stragglers here and there. The feast hall was now in the process of being scrubbed clean by an army of maids. Their orc guests were departing in the morning, so a feast had been arranged. Most likely the lord was relieved to have them gone. 

Allanna eyed a group of rowdy orcs in one corner of the hall. They were still drinking, regaling each other with stories of war or women.

"Focus, child," one of the older maids scolded. She apologized meekly and looked back to the floor, scrubbing intently. Her eyes quickly drifted back to the orcs. One was familiar to her. He was just as tall and imposing as the others, with short black hair and scars aplenty. In fact, if it had not been for what Allanna had witnessed a few nights ago, she would not have been able to pick him apart from the bunch.

She had been unable to sleep that night. Whenever that happened, she would usually go to one of the balconies to look up at the night sky for a little while. It always worked, something about the stars relaxing her enough to get to sleep. But that night she had been on her way to one of those balconies when something had distracted her.

She had heard a giggle from down the corridor. Curious, she had padded over to the source of the sound. It had come from a door, open enough for her to peek inside. The room was one of the many storage rooms in the castle, but what had caught her eye had not been what was inside but rather who. Prysilla, one of her fellow maids, was inside, with an orc. To her shock, Prysilla was on her knees, the orc's cock in her hands. She had been slowly stroking it, staring up at the orc. The orc had been ogling her bared breasts, as her blouse had been pulled down. At the orc's urging, she had leaned forward to close her lips around his prick. Allanna had watched, rooted to the spot, as Prysilla had sucked him. Despite all her efforts, she had not been able to fit it all in her mouth, so she had settled for licking and sucking as much as she could, her laving tongue swiping up and down.

The orc had grown tired of her mouth, and so had stood her up and bent her over a nearby table, rucking her skirt up over her ass. Allanna had been unable to look away, warmth blooming through her, as the orc slid down her panties, before entering her, his formidable cock forcing Prysilla's lips apart. She had squirmed on the wooden table as the orc began to fuck her. Allanna had had a perfect side view, so she could see just how much of him fit inside Prysilla. The maid had been unable to do anything but take the orc's efforts, her breasts pressed against the table. 

There were rumors throughout the lands, of how rough orcs could be, even while coupling. The orc had proven the rumors true, his palm landing smacks on Prysilla's ass until it was red, his other hand reaching out to take her hair in his hand and yank back like they were reins. Prysilla had loved it, eagerly pushing back at him. When the orc had been ready to finish, he had pulled out, shoved Prysilla onto her knees, and cum all over her face.

Allanna had been touching herself, hands having darted underneath her shift. She must have made some noise, because after painting Prysilla's face white, the orc had looked over at the door and spotted her. After diving back from the door and waiting for a few long seconds, she had peeked back inside, where Prysilla had been cleaning herself up, the orc pulling his pants back up. Allanna had decided to not push her luck, and had instead gone to bed. But with her mind occupied with what she had just seen, she had masturbated numerous times until she was exhausted and tired.

The scene now replayed again and again in her head whenever she had a moment's peace. Allanna had had sex before, but never with an orc, and never with the same roughness the orc had displayed. The only lover she had ever had was a knight from the castle. He had noticed her, and a few weeks after her eighteenth birthday had seduced her. They had had a sexual relationship for a couple of months, the knight taking her in random rooms and dark hallways. She had come to think that the knight had taken a fancy to her, wanting her for more than just her body. But once the knight's wife had found out, he had tossed her aside so easily. Luckily for Allanna, the wife had been understanding as to how the young maid had been seduced, blaming her husband's wandering eye instead of Allanna's compliance in the adultery. That knight had been the only lover she had ever had, but the way the orc had so thoroughly taken Prysilla had awakened some curiosity inside Allanna.

As she was daydreaming now, her mind back to that scene, she had not noticed the familiar orc staring at her. When she realized he was, she looked away hurriedly. As she continued to scrub away, she peeked back every so often. One of those times, the orc glanced over to her, giving her a wink before looking back towards his comrades. She blushed, turning back to her work.

Later that night, Allanna lay in bed. Every time she closed her eyes, hoping to sleep, her mind kept conjuring up images of Prysilla and the orc. Her hands would drift down, stroking idly at her loins through her shift. 

The usual impulse at this point was to talk a walk to one of the balconies, so she padded out of her room. The balcony was on the next floor up, so she headed up the steps. The corridor was empty, as it usually was at this late hour.

Allanna had her head down, not expecting to run into anybody, so when she smacked into something large and solid, knocking her onto her back, she could not help but yelp in surprise. She looked up to see the all-too-familiar orc. 

His eyes flashed with recognition. "You're the one who was spying on me the other night."

Allanna gulped, shaking her head. "I...I-I wasn't spying, sir, I swear, I just-"

The orc laughed. "Calm down, girl."

She stared up at him, at this massive orc, tall and broad-shouldered, looming over her. He leaned down, pulling her easily to her feet. The orc was still much taller than her; Allanna put her head down, as she was used to doing, but the orc put a finger under her chin and tilted her head back up.

"Did you enjoy watching us?" 

She could not look away from his eyes. "Yes," she said softly.

He laughed, making Allanna blush. 

"I'll bet you went back to your bed and touched yourself," the orc said. Her embarrassed hesitation proved him right. 

"What is your name?" he asked.

"Allanna," she answered. She could not help but think of how pitiful she sounded.

"My name is Barrokas."

She nodded, biting her lip.

"So you watched the other maid and myself," he said. His finger had left her chin, but she did not look away.

"And you enjoyed watching it," he finished. She nodded.

"If you want," he said, "I can give you what she had."

Allanna was still chewing nervously on her lip. Her voice caught in her throat. That warmth she felt when she was watching the orc the other night, that same warmth that had fluttered through her when she touched herself after, whenever she thought about the orc and Prysilla, was now blooming. 

"I...I shouldn't," she said. It sounded pathetic, just an excuse, and she knew it.

"Do you want to?" 

"Yes," she answered, hanging her head. It felt good to tell the truth, but a part of her was disgusted that she actually wanted this, wanted to couple with this orc.

Barrokas took her by the arm and led her down the hallway. Her eyes went down as usual, to the floor, gray stone tiles cooling her bare feet. They stopped outside a nondescript door, one that Allanna knew was just another storage room. The orc opened it, but he stood in the threshold.

"I know the rumors about orcs," he said. "We are supposedly rough, violent, and unkind. But we are not monsters."

He stepped aside. "This is your last chance to turn back. If you want to return to your bed, go now. I will not hold you here. But once you enter, once I close the door, you'll be mine."

She shivered, wanting suddenly just that. Barrokas watched her dispassionately as she stepped inside. She heard the door close behind her.

Taking deep breaths, she turned. Here she was, alone with an orc. It was nerve-wracking to be in this situation, but her heart was beating fast and her body was heating up.

His hands moved to his trousers, and as she watched, he freed himself. She had already seen his cock plunging in and out of Prysilla, but here it was inches from her. It was thick and throbbing, dark green with even darker veins running along it. Underneath, crowned by a thicket of dark pubic bristles, were his testicles. 

He took his cock in hand and began to stroke. She knelt slowly, unsure of what he wanted, but that was revealed quickly as he stepped in front of her. His cock bobbed in the air, so she leaned forward, tongue darting out to taste it. She had sucked the knight's cock a few times, but this one tasted different, muskier, with a thickness that made Allanna question how she would be able to take it all.

She groaned unconsciously as her lips brushed over the shaft, leaving tender kisses all along the flesh. It throbbed at her caresses, the orc's heartbeat drumming out. The orc stood there patiently letting her explore every inch of him. She tasted here and there, her curiosity demanding she test the flavor all around it. Her tongue dragged along the underside, eliciting a deep sigh from him, and then slid down to his base. His wiry pubic hair tickled her skin as she kissed his balls, tasting them as well. They felt heavy and full, so she sucked one into her mouth, rolling her tongue around on its crinkled skin. The orc exhaled in surprise and delight at her breathless sucking.

She leaned back, his cock filling her vision. It gleamed with her saliva, the product of her work, of tasting and pleasing it. Her mind flashed back to Prysilla, who had tried to fit the entirety in her mouth, and had failed.

A strange swell of competitiveness filled her, and she sucked the head into her mouth. Allanna suddenly wanted to show Barrokas that she could take him better than Prysilla. 

He watched as she inched her way down his shaft. Not even halfway there she was drooling all over him, her jaw forced wide open. But Allanna would not give up; she could see the end, could see how much was left. She wanted what was left, wanted it all. She wanted to feel him throbbing in her throat.

Her hand quickly darted underneath her shift, finding her streaming sex. Her thighs were already slick with juices, the shift itself sticky here and there.

She took him deeper, feeling his head nudge into her throat. Her eyes watered at the feeling, as she was unused to it, but she soldiered on, refusing to give up. So she relaxed, calming herself down in order to better take him. It worked, her throat accommodating more. Slowly but surely she started to take the rest. Every so often she had to stifle a gag, forcing herself to stay focused on his prick, but she got through it. The orc was impressed, eyes widened as he watched her impale her throat on his monstrous length. Pride filled her, but a nagging voice reminded her that she still had a few inches left. She had already taken more than Prysilla, but she wanted to take all of it.

Sticky rivers of saliva trailed from her lips to her neck and beyond. Her shift was drenched, clinging to her. Her nipples were hard, her breasts covered in goose flesh at the feeling of that delicate fabric adhering to her from all of the sloppy wetness. Her other hand moved up to her breasts, to squeeze and caress. 

The last inch remained before her. She steadied herself; her body was on fire, the blaze centered in her loins, but she wanted to please him first. Her throat tightened, her body revolting somewhat against taking so much meat in one go. Willpower was not something that she had a bevy of, but she called up what she could to take him all the way. Despite all of her focus and intention, that last inch or so stayed out of her mouth. She groaned in frustration, glancing up to him, with the hope that he would assist her.

To her relief, he understood. He placed his hand on the back of her head, and as she took a breath through her nose, shoved his hips forward. She squeaked as her nose bumped into his skin. The length of flesh was now lodged inside her, throbbing in her throat. Her pussy clenched around her questing fingers, eking out more juices. The orc growled, triumphant in his taking of her mouth. Allanna smiled around his cock, triumphant in her success. Her heart fluttered with pride at her achievement.

She was so happy in her victory that she was unprepared for the orc to pull out and push back inside. The yelp she made was muffled by his movement, and she tried to pull back in surprise, but his hand, still on her head, prevented that. He grinned down at her.

"You should be proud," he commended, "not many women can say they've deep-throated an orc cock on the first go. Now let me enjoy your mouth."

She kept still, wanting to please him, as he began to move, his cock sliding along on her swirling tongue. Her lips were forced wide open, her teeth occasionally grazing the shaft. Barrokas did not seem to mind. He moved faster now, pumping hard into her mouth.

His heavy balls slapped into her chin, which was still streaming drool and now pre-cum. The impacts sent streams of the combined juices splattering back onto her face, her chin taking smack after smack after wet smack. 

Here she was, on her knees taking this orc's cock, and she was loving it. The roughness, the crudeness, the feeling of being powerless before his assertiveness all thrilled her. Sex had always been taught to her as being a loving, passionate affair. Even the knight had been romantic and tender enough, yet here she was, being used like a cheap hole for this orc's pleasure, and she was feeling hotter than she had ever felt. He plunged relentlessly back and forth in her maw, the veiny flesh sliding along her throat. 

The cold floor chilled her knees, the shift providing little comfort. But she easily ignored the slight ache; the only thing she cared about was keeping her mouth wide open for Barrokas to defile. Her fingers sped up in her channel, and seconds later she came, squealing loudly. The orc laughed, grinning down at her. She felt so dirty, like a back-alley whore, cumming in such a situation, but the incredible eroticism was undeniable. 

Her own arousal seemed to push the orc to new heights of brutality. He lowered into a squat, bracing his legs, and his hips began to pump harder, his hands tightening into her blonde tresses. The impacts rocked her, making her breasts bounce. The shift by this point was a second skin, wet and sticky as it was. He grunted, pounding into her open mouth. She came again, her field of vision dominated by the orc's rapidly moving cock, her throat dominated by the same thing. Never in her life had she ever felt so hot and wild. The orc laughed again, finding her sluttish submission amusing.

After a few more minutes of the oral abuse, the orc slammed roughly down her throat. He groaned loudly as his prick throbbed, pulsing waves emanating from his balls, rushing up the shaft. Her pussy clenched as she felt him swell, and then he erupted, waves of hot semen blasting down her gullet. The orc grunted, pressing her into his base, wiry hair brushing at her face. Heated spurts filled her belly, like a bowl of thick, hot soup, Allanna cumming hard from the feeling.

The orc stayed in her mouth for a few more seconds after he finished. A few of the blasts had rebounded back into her mouth, puddling on her tongue, its bitter flavor ruling over her taste buds. She swallowed, the puddle washing down her throat. Barrokas groaned as he finally pulled back, inch after inch of thick green flesh reappearing. A few globs of spunk stuck to it, so when it was out in the open she pounced, eagerly lapping up the remainder. The orc chuckled.

"You really enjoyed that, didn't you?" 

She nodded, smiling. Part of her thought she should be scandalized, embarrassed, regretting such an obscene act, but her body was still hot, too aroused to produce any reaction but satisfaction.

"You want more?"

Allanna stared up at him. He was still rock-hard. That same part of her told her to stop now, but that cock in her mouth had made her feel so good. So how would it feel somewhere else?

That thought made her cunt gush, and she made her choice.

"Yes," she said. She could not help but notice that her voice was louder and more confident than usual.

The orc smiled, pulled up his pants, and turned towards the door. He opened it and went to leave, but her disappointed and confused cry made him turn back.

"Don't worry," he soothed, "I'm just getting a few friends."

Allanna gasped, the orc closing the door behind him. One orc was enough; multiple ones would be too much for her. Nevertheless, her ignited mind flashed to images of her small, soft body being desecrated by orcs. Thick orc cock in her mouth, in her quim, sliding all over her warm flesh. 

She stood, on shaky legs, and leaned on a nearby table. Her shift was wet and by now translucent with various fluids, so she simply pulled it off. The cool air of the room caressed her heated skin, and her hands began to stroke herself, trailing absentmindedly up her curves. She slid fingers up her belly, to fondle her own breasts. They had been one of the knight's favorite parts of her, and he had not been the only man to notice them, as lots of men in the castle had taken long glances at her cleavage. 

The door opened again after a few minutes, and for a split second Allanna was worried that it might be some industrious maid working at night. But Barrokas strode back in, and she relaxed. Behind him were three other orcs, just as tall and broad.

"These are Amrad, Nalvorok, and Belgor," he said, gesturing to his three companions.

She smiled, curtsying out of instinct. The orcs chuckled.

"Let's have a little fun with her," Barrokas said. The others nodded.

Allanna watched them approach her, each one undoing their trousers. In seconds, four thick cocks were brandished before her. She licked her lips, quickly kneeling before them.

More confident now, she went around in an eager circle, sucking each one into her mouth. She endeavored to give each the same attention, licking and lapping at the hard flesh that surrounded her. Her effort must have pleased the orcs, who simply stood there, watching her. She flashed them looks from time to time, locking eyes with them, hoping that they could tell that she was enjoying this as much as they were. Each cock tasted slightly different, one a bit muskier, one a bit tangier, but she delighted in those small differences, and in the similarities between each one, in how they pulsed on her tongue, throbbing in response to a quick suck.

At one point, she had Barrokas back in her mouth. As she pleasured him, he leaned down and grasped one of her breasts. She moaned, pressing herself into his grip, his palm rubbing into her hard nipple. He chuckled at her enthusiasm.

"I think we need to take this to the next level," he said, pulling out of her mouth. His arm took hold of her elbow and he helped her stand. The orcs took a few moments to ogle her naked form, her large, pale breasts and smooth skin. Her pussy was accompanied by a tuft of light brown hair, but two swollen lips, shining with juices, were easily visible.

"You should take her first," one of the others, Nalvorok she thought, said. "After all, you found her, you shared her."

The other two murmured in agreement. Barrokas grinned.

His hands easily took hold of her hips, and he lifted her onto the table.

"Ready?" he asked. She nodded, spreading her legs. That responsible part of her mind was gone now, overwhelmed by the curiosity and arousal. She was nervous, but wanted to continue, wanted to take what they would give her.
