 Chapter 1: Vixens

Questions, Comments & Suggestions: contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile.

Through fuzzy thoughts and an aching head, the beautiful young woman struggled to regain her composure. Her green eyes squinted through the smoke, scanning the ruin of the plane's cockpit as she attempted to gain her bearings. Brushing a shock of golden hair out of her face, Butterscotch Fox twisted around to determine the status of her teammates.

"Is everyone alright?" she grunted.

One by one, the entire team sounded off. American Fox, Violet Fox, and Silver Fox were all accounted for- a little rattled, but otherwise intact. No small feat considering their circumstances. Responding to a superhuman attack in the city centre, the Foxes' jet was shot down, forcing a crash landing in the streets of downtown. Climbing out of the wreckage, the four heroines resumed their pursuit.

"We're not far from ground zero." Announced Silver Fox "The attack was centred on town square, we can still make it on foot."

The words had barely escaped her mouth when suddenly; an SUV hurtled through the air and collided with Silver- sending her crashing into the plane wreckage behind her. Startled, the remaining Foxes whipped their heads up to behold Silver's assailant and the source of the superhuman attack. Swooping down from on high and crashing into the pavement came three young women, dressed respectively in black, white, and green. Shaken from the attack on Silver and the impact of her assailants landing, the remaining Foxes scrambled to meet their opponents.

"By authorization of The Institute, you are hereby under arrest on the charge of terrorism!" Butter cried in a commanding tone. "Surrender yourselves at once!" The three women, amused by the busty heroine's display, giggled and grinned menacingly.

"Oh look," said the green one, turning to her companions "The cow's trying to be intimidating!" Returning her attention to the Foxes, she bared her teeth in a hungry smile. "All right princess- lets get serious!"

In a flash, the three mystery women bounded into the air, prompting the heroines to pursue each one individually as they landed. Butter took the initiative, manoeuvring her way towards the woman in white and landed with authority directly in front of her on the pavement below - blocking any escape. Puffing out her ample chest and placing her fists on her hips, the well-endowed heroine stood tall in her caramel-coloured uniform and bellowed;

"This is your final warning! Surrender now or I'll be forced to...to apprehend you with extreme..."

Inexplicably, Butterscotch Fox found her focus rapidly slipping away. Butterflies began filling her stomach, and a tingling sensation spread over her skin. Overwhelmed by powerful sensations, Butter's legs began to wobble, and her arms cupped her breasts as she hugged her body. The young heroine became transfixed on the fugitive she was only just pursuing, her eyes pouring over the young woman's every feature.

Her enemy's dark skin was the colour of rich mahogany, and she was dressed in a white bustier embroidered with a Fox symbol. She stood upon long legs adorned with lace stockings which affixed themselves to a garter belt. The mesmerizing woman's eyes were a deep brown, and her short black hair was swept forward across the sharp features of her face.

The dark woman gently shushed Butterscotch Fox as she brushed the back of her hand across the heroine's cheek- evoking a small gasp from the golden-haired Amazon. In ecstasy, Butter leaned her face against the soft white silk of her arm-length glove.

"There's no reason to fight, Butter" the villainess purred, "not when my pheromones make you feel so good." White stilettos clicked on the asphalt as she circled her prey, wrapped her arms around Butter's waist, pressed herself into her, and nuzzled into Butter's neck as she rubbed her womanhood against the young heroine's magnificent ass. "We haven't been introduced" she whispered into Butter's ear, "you can call me Pearl Fox." Glossy lips pecked at Butter's neck as a white glove slid down to her crotch.

American Fox's raven curls fluttered in the wind as she and her opponent circled each other, the streetlights glinting off her golden headband. Carefully controlling her breathing, American Fox's breast rose and fell, her generous bust nearly spilling over her strapless top adorned with the stars and stripes.

The woman in green was Asian with black almond-shaped eyes, and jet black hair pulled tightly back into a bun, affixed by two geisha sticks. She wore thigh-high stiletto boots, and was dressed in a green uniform which left her arms and legs exposed. An opening in the uniform exposed her cleavage and travelled far down her abdomen, however her midriff was covered by a black shawl wrapped around her like a bodice, and just under the uniform's mandarin collar, was affixed a silver Fox symbol. From the young woman's stance, American Fox could tell that she knew how to handle herself- but this was something they had in common. Looking her dead in the eye, American Fox made one last effort at diplomacy;

"I warn you girl, it is not wise to trifle with a warrior born!"

The woman in green smiled as she halted, and tilted her head to one side. "Funny" she said, "I was about to say the same thing..."

In a flash the two women sprung into action, both a flurry of movement- but for the life of her, American Fox could not land a single blow. Every attack she made was parried or blocked by her opponent with considerable ease. Then, in the blink of an eye, the woman in green blocked three attacks in quick succession, and with lighting pace used two fingers to strike a single blow on American Fox's right shoulder joint. The beautiful heroine yelped as a shock flooded through the entirety of her right arm, leaving it numb and lifeless. Reeling back, American Fox rubbed her arm furiously in a futile attempt to regain feeling. "M-my arm!" she stammered, "What's wrong with...?"

The heroine's assailant smirked at her victim's anguish. "You said you were a warrior" chuckled the woman in green, "but I see now that you're nothing more than a thug. A warrior doesn't base her combat solely on brute force..."

With inhuman speed, the woman in green seized American Fox's left arm and twisted it- trapping it in order to land four quick finger strikes on her torso before placing a palm strike squarely in the heroine's solar plexus. Falling back, American Fox contorted and landed face down on the pavement. Gasping for breath, the star-spangled heroine tried vainly to push herself up with her left arm, her back heaving with the effort.

"You know nothing of discipline" spat the woman in green, "unable to master your mind or your body- which is why I can so easily exploit your pressure points." Circling the prone super heroine, she stalked her opponent like a predator. "And when you understand how something is put together, you understand how to take it apart." Returning to her starting position, the woman in green raised her gloved arms, and reached back to clasp the two geisha sticks in her hair. Removing them, her long black hair tumbled down her back. The sticks were revealed to be steel, and thin- sharpened to a needle point. Lowering the needles before her, she held them outwards- menacingly. "Through structural weaknesses..." She maliciously spoke before jamming one of the needles into American Fox's back. Indescribable pain shot through the heroine's body as she rigidly snapped upwards- her bee-stung lips parted to scream, but nothing came out.

"...and energy centres" chimed the villainess. Admiring her victim's convulsions, the woman in green's modest bosom rose and fell with the heavy breath of excitement "We resist pain, but what we often forget is that through pain, can come greater pleasure..." A sadistic smile splitting her face, the heroine's tormentor stuck the second needle in the small of American Fox's back. The tension in her body melting away, air began to seep back into her lungs, and American Fox's breasts thrusted outward as she arched her torso upward. From her still-gaping mouth, American Fox broke her silence by erupting into an earth-shaking moan. Every crevice of her being was racked with orgasmic bliss- American Fox had never felt such pleasure in all her life. Lost to her carnal appetites, her hands crept up to fondle her incredible breasts, and tears fell from her eyes as she came harder and longer than she ever thought possible.

The woman in green grinned as she watched American Fox writhe in anticipation, her excitement rising again on her way to a second climax. Licking her lips, the villainess spoke; "Be wary though...no punishment, no torture is greater than pleasure denied..." Abruptly, the villainess removed the needles from the heroine's back, and the waves of ecstasy vanished from her body. Robbed of the greatest rapture any being could ever experience, American Fox erupted into a blood-curdling wail- like an angel falling from heaven- and fell to the ground in a crumpled heap. "I will be your taskmaster..." pronounced the woman in green as she stood triumphantly over her quivering foe, "You may call me Jade Fox!"

Violet Fox placed her fists on her hips and stood erect, arching herself upwards to her full height as her auburn locks tumbled over her shoulders, her purple cape flowing behind her. By taking up as much space as possible, she aimed to intimidate her smaller opponent.

The young woman in front of Violet was of an extremely pale complexion, her skin nearly snow white, contrasting with her jet-black hair which was trimmed to a short, neat bob. Her thin lips were tinted with black lipstick and pierced by a set of 'snake bite' lip rings, and heavy black makeup encircled her deep green eyes. A thin petite figure, she stood 5'5 with the aid of heavy 3' boots which went up to her knees, and were followed by black-and-white striped thigh-high socks. Dressed in black, she wore a vinyl top with spaghetti straps and a frilly microskirt. Her wrists were adorned with studded leather cuffs, and her nails were polished black. She looked Violet up and down with her doe eyes, beaming.

"I have you cornered!" warned the violet super heroine, advancing towards her dark adversary. "Give it up, there's no escape!"

The gothic villainess tilted her head to one side, her gaze still locked on Violet. "Escape?" she asked disappointedly, "Why would I want to escape? We haven't even begun to play..."

No sooner had the words escaped her mouth that Violet's brow began to furrow, her mouth trembled as she brought her hands up to her temples, wincing in something like pain as she felt invisible fingers creep across her brain. In the back of her head she could hear whispers- whispers that grew in number and volume until she was engulfed by a whirlwind of voices laughing and shouting their disapproval. "Disappointment! Unacceptable! Failure! Whore!" Violet felt the asphalt rush towards her as she sank to her knees. The black villainess, dwarfed only moments ago by Violet Fox's stature, now towered over her opponent, a black fingernail sliding down over her pale throat to play with the cutesy skull which adorned her choker. "I see you," she said. "I can look into your every dark corner you naughty bitch. I can read you like a book."

Violet grimaced as this one voice rang out clearly amongst the torrent of voices swirling in her head. "T-telepathy..." she gasped, "A-a Psychic!"

Attempting to push herself up off the ground, Violet felt the street give way and crumble beneath her and she began to fall, the voices trailing away behind her. She seemed to fall forever until she felt a sudden shock as she hit frigid water. Gasping for breath and gripped by panic, every ounce of Institute training seemed to disappear as Violet frantically thrashed around in the water, coughing and choking on the liquid.

"I can see your every doubt and fear," her adversary's voice playfully called amidst the heroine's torment, "I know you almost drowned as a little girl. I know what scares you..."

Her hands clawing in desperation, Violet splashed the water, writhing in its icy embrace only to whirl over and find herself inexplicably in bed, surrounded by candles and wrapped in the cool caress of blue satin sheets on her now naked body. Confused and disoriented, she slumped trembling onto her back and placed her hand over her eyes as she attempted to calm herself from her seemingly near-death experience. Panting, she rolled over only to come face to face with her antagonist, lying on her side next to her, propping her head up with her arm. Her skin now had a healthy glow, her hair now blonde and slicked back, and her lips the colour of red wine. Petrified, Violet remained anchored in bed beside her.

"I know your heart's darkest desires" purred the psychic villainess as she brushed the back of her hand down Violet's cheek, curling her index finger under the heroine's chin and massaging Violet's lip with her thumb. "I even know the secrets you keep from yourself" she continued as her hand drifted downwards, her painted nails sliding past Violet's clavicle to her cleavage, her index finger tugging the satin sheet draped around them both, sliding it down over Violet's bust, revealing her magnificent breasts which rose and fell with the heroine's heavy breath. "But you keep no secrets from me, Violet" the villainess whispered as she gently kissed between Violet's breasts, softly pecking until her mouth enveloped one of the heroine's nipples. Violet's eyes fluttering , her head sank back, and her bust protruded outwards as the villainess' hand crept up the other breast, and began twisting the heroine's nipple as her tongue played with the other.

Squirming with pleasure, Violet's head rolled side to side. "No..." she weakly muttered as she tried desperately to break the young girl's hold over her. Mustering every ounce of her willpower, Violet's hands crept up to take the temptress' arms "No..." she moaned, "No...don't...DON'T!" With all the strength she could manage, Violet pushed the villainess away, and scrambled to get to her feet, only to tumble off the bed and land...

...Face down on the Asphalt. Her head darting around, Violet found herself back in the city street where she began- she had never left. Looking up, she saw the black-clad culprit still standing right in front of her, hips pivoted to one side hands folded behind her back, chuckling at her sport.

"You bitch!" cried the heroine, "No one plays games with my head like that!"

Leaping to her feet, Violet Fox charged her tormentor full force and swung her fist with all her might, connecting square on the jaw, flooring her opponent with a thud. Righting herself, Violet looked down on her victim and to her shock, beheld a tall raven-haired woman clad in stars and stripes. "N-no! American Fox!" cried Violet, "I didn't- how...?" Swinging her head around in a flash, Violet spotted the pale young girl once again with a wide grin on her face. Violet stammered for words, "B-but I..." and was suddenly silenced, for as the dark young girl held out her hand and snapped her fingers, Violet Fox's eyes shut, and the heroine dropped to the ground- unconscious.

Giggling, the Petite villainess reached behind her back and grabbed one arm with the other as she shifted her weight from one leg to the other. "You'll find I like to play games...my name's Ebon Fox."

Twisted metal groaned as the SUV began dislodging itself from the ruin of the Foxes' downed plane, crashing onto the asphalt as Silver Fox pushed her way out of the wreckage. Holding one hand to her temple, she shook her head as she attempted to gain her second wind. The car had caught her by surprise, but the greatest of the Foxes was now fully alert- and aiming to teach her assailant a lesson. Through the smoke of the wreckage, she was astonished to behold Violet and American Fox incapacitated, and two women advancing on Butter, who was restrained by a third.

"You there!" Silver called, "you think you can get rid of me that easily? You've just made the biggest mistake of you lives, girls!"

All eyes turned to the last remaining Fox and her bluster. Butter, still intoxicated in Pearl's embrace moaned to her team mate as her eyes rolled back and her mouth quivered.

"S-s-silver..." she eked, "...c-can't help m-myself...l-look out...!"

A satisfied sigh resonated from the three evil Foxes, they were glad to see her- expecting her even. With Silver Fox locked in her gaze, Jade turned on her heel and began to advance on the resuscitated heroine. With each click-clack of the Villainess' heels, Silver Fox steeled herself for her opponent's opening salvo. Coming to a halt ten feet from her opponent, Jade widened her stance and put one hand behind her back. Tension hung in the air as the two warriors sized each other up.

"I'd love to embarrass you myself" Jade croaked "but I'm afraid there are plans for you."

With lightening speed, Jade pulled her arm from behind her back and hurled a projectile at Silver. With equally quick reflexes, the heroine caught the projectile in her right hand. Examining it, she could see now that it was a strange glass sphere about the size of a softball with something pink inside- seeming curiously benign. Suddenly, the glass container began to crack, and before Silver could react, the glass shattered, spilling a gelatinous pink blob all over her hand. Flustered, Silver Fox recoiled at the unknown substance.

"What...what trickery is this?!" she demanded, "fight me, you..."

Her voice trailed off when she noticed that the pink blob on her hand had stopped oozing and began moving with purpose- the blob was alive! Alarmed, Silver attempted to rip the blob off with her other hand, but to her horror her left hand became equally stuck in this living goo. Silver struggled as she felt the substance tense around her hands like a muscle, trapping them in slimy manacles. Her panic rising, Silver struggled to loose herself from the restraints.

"What is this?" The outraged heroine demanded, "I'm Silver Fox! And I-"

Her tirade was cut abruptly cut short, as the pink substance began to reach out and take hold of her torso. Silver's taught arms strained to resist the creature's efforts, but slowly and surely her hands came to her bountiful bosom. Gaining a tight hold of her body, the slime began spreading downwards- over her flat abs, across the orbit of her hips, and down her toned legs. She could feel it poking and bubbling across her skin, like being covered in ants. Soon, only the heroine's head was left untouched, and without the control of her legs, she slumped to the ground. Now gripped by sheer terror, Silver Fox looked pleadingly to Jade.

"What's happening?!" she wailed, "What 's it doing to me?!"

"She's just feeling you out" chuckled the Asian villainess, "Getting a lay of the land."

"She?" Silver gasped "But how-?"

Before she could finish, a collar of pink slime crept up to cover her mouth. Now voiceless, Silver Fox wriggled and rolled around on the ground in desperation. She could level mountains with her bare hands, but now her wonderful body was being undone, and all her magnificent power could not help her now. Belittled, she despaired as she could not fathom being brought so low. She soon found that her indignity was only just beginning as she felt the slimy fingers of this ooze begin to creep up inside her. Grunts of outrage quickly turned to pleasured moans as the gelatinous creature began to fill and stimulate every crevice of her womanhood. She felt the slime ripple around her to caress her breasts, and Silver's shame grew as she began to lose herself in this rapture. She was completely helpless as this creature manipulated her body and rather than bristling with outrage, she was nearing climax.
