  Chapter 2: The American Dream
Questions, Comments & Suggestions welcome.

The restraints creaked and groaned as the voluptuous young blonde writhed against their oppression, her skin reddened and bloody from the effort. Butterscotch Fox lay naked on a reclining metal chair, bound at the wrists, ankles and neck by Diamentium cuffs. One arm was hooked up to an IV drip, replenishing her as a two hoses suckled at her breasts, draining her precious milk. The days had blurred together, but with a large countdown clock on the wall, Butter could easily keep track of the hours. She was nearing the end of another eight-hour session, with only minutes before her release - and not a moment too soon. Sessions with the milk extractor were arduous and humiliating, but throughout the tortuous hours, one thought sustained her sanity; that of her sister Regan's safety.

The blonde Fox steeled herself with recollections of their childhood, and images of her sibling flooded her mind. Butter was Regan's elder, but not by much. She reminisced about that round-faced little girl with the red hair and freckles, her blue eyes peering out from behind glasses. Butter had always looked out for her little sister, and now she was prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice for her sake.

Butter's reminiscing was cut short as she heard the slight "whoosh" of the sliding door, followed by the click of Gucci boots on the steel floor announcing the arrival of Dr. Vanessa Payne.

"And how are we today, my dear?" the evil genius cooed from the shadows. Vanessa emerged from the darkness with one hand in her jacket pocket, hips swaying fluidly. She wore her usual black pantsuit and latex rubber arm gloves, and her brunette curls dangled around her shoulders. "Nearly hit our quota for the day?"

A vein throbbed on Butter's forehead as she clenched her jaw- clenched so tightly she thought her teeth would break. "I can...take anything you...can dish out, Vanessa" the heroine grimaced, "But...my milk....why so much of it?"

Vanessa's thin red lips curled up into a smirk as she knelt down beside the metal chair so that she and her captive now sat face to face. "I've got big plans, Butter" said the villainess, "when I take on the Institute, I'm going to need muscle. With your bio-matter I've collected, I can clone all the muscle I need! Imagine- ButterClones filling up the front line...!"

Butter's eyes widened as she gasped "Cannon fodder!"

"Exactly!" grinned Vanessa. "And what's more...when we're in control, those Clones are going to ruin your good name! Imagine the outrage when the great Butterscotch Fox steals, kills, and terrorises- hell, we might just get a photo of you going down on Osama Bin Laden!"

With her legacy threatened, Butter's mind raced and she stammered for the words "Why?" she pleaded "what could you possibly gain?"

"I'll be doing this world a favour!" snarled Vanessa, "No little girl is going to grow up with you for a role model! You're an embarrassment to the Institute and to my work! You-"

A loud tone rang out, breaking Vanessa off mid-sentence. The timer on the wall had reached zero, and Butter's shift on the milk extractor had ended for another day, the machine already winding down to a halt. Relieved, Butter released the tension in her body and slumped her head back in the chair. Sore, exhausted and short of breath, her mouth curled up into a weak smile.

"Saved by the bell" managed the heroine, "Looks like you missed the show."

With a wicked grin, Vanessa's eyes lit up and she reached into her jacket pocket, removing a small device. "Did I?" she giggled, "Don't be so sure, princess..." with a click of a button, the timer on the wall reset to its starting point of eight hours. It only took moments for the horrible realization to dawn on Butter.

"NO!" the busty heroine shrieked in despair, "You wouldn't...I'm just...I was FINISHED!"

The sadistic Brit could not suppress the toothy grin spreading up her beautiful face as she gleefully snatched Butter's hope away from her. 

"Oh come on, Butter..." the doctor chided, "Those aren't the rules. If you don't want to participate, I can think of a little redhead who I can play with..."

"NO!" cried Butter as Vanessa stood up to leave. "I'll do what you want! I'll be good!" 

"Well that's not good enough anymore...now you have to ask me!"

"What?!"

"Now you have to ask me to pump your fat tits!"

Butter's eyes filled with shame and her lip quivered as she forced herself to ask for the unbearable. "Please..." she eked, "Please turn the machine back on."

"I don't know" the doctor said doubtfully, "I don't think you really mean that..."

"I mean it! Please turn it on!"

"I don't know..."

"Do it!"

"I'm not sure...are you sure Regan wouldn't rather-?"

"Pump my fucking tits!!!" screamed the golden-haired Amazon.

"All right! All right!" conceded Vanessa, a smile splitting her face, "You don't have to yell!"

With the touch of a button, the milk extractor began humming back to life, and the timer resumed counting down for another eight hour term. Butter's entire body clenched as the pain returned to her breasts, and tears of despair began to well up in her green eyes. Vanessa knew just which emotions to manipulate and had played Butter like a violin. Her body quivering from exhaustion, she pled one last time to the sadistic Englishwoman. 

"Why?!" Sobbed the heroine "Why me?! What have I done to deserve this?!"

Her eyes pouring over Butter's agony, Vanessa slid her gloved hand along the edge of her lapel, allowing one latex finger to glide its way down her cleavage. She tingled at the cool, rubbery digit as it traced its way across her milky skin before remembering herself. "You'll have to take that up with my employer" she said matter-of-factly. Smoothing out her clothing, Vanessa turned and strode into the shadows.

With the swish sound of the sliding door, Butter turned her head towards the darkness to see Vanessa step out of a hatch, and into a lit hallway. In the hallway, Butter could just make out a figure waiting to meet the doctor. Clad in a red hooded cloak, their features were obscured. One thing was clear however; Butter could tell that the figure was staring right at her. With another swish the door slid shut, and Butterscotch Fox was alone in the darkness with only her memories to comfort her.

