 This is a bodyswap story with a twist. The erotica in this tale focuses exclusively on straight sex (a rarity for my works, I know) though there are homosexual elements to the story because of how the plot develops. If you're looking for an instant erotica fix, this probably isn't the story for you but I guarantee it pays off eventually. This is my first entry in the science fiction/fantasy genre (I didn't think the story fit very well in any other category) so I hope my dear readers can provide me with plenty of feedback and let me know what worked for you and what didn't. Without further ado, it is my pleasure to present...

*****

Freaky Fuckday

~Chris~

Chris used reflexes leftover from his old varsity tennis days to duck out of the way of a cup that suddenly came flying through the air towards him. It sailed over his head, missing him by mere centimeters and striking the wall directly behind him. Fortunately the cup was made of plastic so it bounced harmlessly off the plaster before clattering onto the wooden floor without breaking. But the water that had filled the drinking implement splattered everywhere when the cup hit the wall and the splashback soaked the back of Chris's shirt. Chris had been with Emily for over nine years and he had never seen her this furious.

"Well, are you going to text your whore back or not?" Emily growled at him menacingly. "You wouldn't want to keep her waiting, right?"

Chris held his hands up in a placating pose and said, "Emily, will you please calm down? You've got me all wrong. I can explain."

"How the hell can you explain this?" Emily asked derisively as she held up Chris's phone. Her voice took on a mocking tone. "Please help me understand the meaning of these totally innocent pictures. Maybe I'm just too idiotic to realize the context of these photos. I mean, what truth or significance could a poor, simple girl like me possibly construe from these pictures? Can you look closely and illuminate me please?"

It was as bad as Chris feared. Worse even. Displayed in his message history were photographs of Chris's decade-younger coworker Debbie. The buxom blonde had taken a selfie of herself posing in lingerie and sent it to Chris along with the message "Aren't you glad you can have all this instead of your yucky wife?" Debbie's tits were practically exploding out of her too-small bra. 

The next picture Debbie sent was even more lewd. Debbie had taken a naked picture of herself holding her phone in one hand while looking behind her back at a bathroom mirror. Her free hand rested on the bulge of her shapely buttock while a handprint painted her other asscheek red where she had spanked herself. Debbie's ass looked perfect with its prominent crack splitting down the middle of her cheeks and curves showing in all the right places. The message with this second picture said, "All of me belongs to you, Chris. You can do whatever you want to my body. I'm yours forever and ever and ever XOXOXO." Three kissy-face emojis concluded the horror.

Debbie had pursued Chris since the first day she had been hired at the bookstore Chris managed a few short months ago. She had been outrageously flirtatious during her job interview but Chris figured she had just turned up the sex appeal as a way to entice her potential employers. But it hadn't ended there and her continued advances were absolutely unwanted on Chris's part. Chris tried to keep his distance once Debbie's interest became clear but the twenty-something blonde girl was totally obsessed and wouldn't stop harassing him. The constant stream of double-entendres, innuendo, and inappropriate touching at work was one thing, but texting explicit photos to his private phone was a new low. Chris couldn't for the life of him understand why this girl paid so much attention to him.

~Emily~

Emily could certainly understand why Chris drew this kind of attention from a younger, more attractive woman. He had a handsome face to go with that chiseled jaw and a pretty, almost girlish mouth with puffy, feminine lips made for kissing. Chris's eyes were a deep bluish-grey color that was easy to become lost in. Emily could have just stared into his irises for hours. The color of Chris's short brown hair had started to fade early and gave his scalp a salt-and-pepper complexion that made him appear older and more dignified than his age belied.

While Emily had filled out and put weight on her formerly slim frame since they were married Chris had actually lost weight. He had been a bit doughy around the middle when they first started dating but after working out at the gym daily for the last couple years Chris had become leaner. Harder. Abs to die for. Chris invited Emily to come work out with him constantly but she always had to stay late at her job or made excuses about how much work she still had to do when she got home in the evenings. Laziness played a significant part as well. Emily would rather sleep in for another hour than have to get up at the asscrack of dawn and go exercise. That never stopped her from complaining about how fat she was getting. The stress-eating didn't help her cause either. It just made Emily so frustrated to see Chris become even more perfect while Emily increasingly grew more overweight, overworked, tired, and underappreciated.

A few minutes ago, Chris asked Emily innocently enough to grab his phone for him when he heard the chiming noise indicating he had received a text. Chris would soon regret divulging to Emily the code that unlocked his phone. He was supposed to engage in a conference call with a few of the franchise managers of the bookstore chain he was employed by and was awaiting the code he needed to use to dial into their session. Chris had mistakenly assumed that was the reason for the late-night text message. 

Instead Emily picked up his phone and stared at the naked form of a young, beautiful blonde with a great ass. There was an accompanying message saying 'All of me belongs to you, Chris. You can do whatever you want to my body. I'm yours forever and ever and ever XOXOXO.' There were even fucking kissy-face emojis.

"This girl has been harassing me for months," Chris tried to explain. "I'm sorry I haven't told you before now but in light of past events I thought it might not be greatest if you knew what was going on. I thought you might get the wrong impression..."

"Why haven't you fired her then if this harassment is so fucking rampant?" Emily raged. "Why do you have messages from her going back for four goddamn months? Why are there other pictures of her in your phone? At least she's not butt-naked in those ones."

Emily vaguely remembered meeting this harlot Debbie at a release party for the final part of a book series Emily liked that was held at Chris's bookstore. The girl seemed like a flighty airhead; not Chris's type at all. He had always preferred dorky, brainy girls. Like Emily. Apparently Debbie's mind was not what interested Chris judging by the curves the blonde wantonly displayed. How the fuck did she look so skinny and curvy at the same time? Her tits were huge and her ass curved into a perfect apple-bottom. Except for her butt, thighs, and chest there didn't seem to be an ounce of fat on Debbie's body. Seeing how hot she was only made Emily feel more shitty and self-conscious.

"It's an extremely delicate situation," Chris said. "Since I'm her supervisor it makes all this super complicated. I have to document everything and build a strong case before I can act. If I just fire her without cause she could turn around and accuse me of sexual harassment and God knows what else. She's crazy enough to do it."

"You are a real piece of shit," Emily retorted. "You honestly expect me to believe that BS after I already caught you redhanded once before?"

~Chris~

Damn my red hands, Chris thought. 

"I knew you were going to bring that up again," Chris sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. "It was seven years ago. You told me you had forgiven me."

In the second year of Chris and Emily's relationship Chris had cheated on her. It happened at the party for Chris's twenty-second birthday which Emily couldn't attend because she had been out of town to interview for an internship at a design firm in a nearby city. Chris got totally wasted at his party as his friends offered him shot after shot until he blacked out. He ended up sleeping with some girl he had only met that night. Chris couldn't even remember having sex with her. They had passed out mid-coitus and they fell asleep as the unnamed and unremembered girl laid naked atop him with Chris's limp dick still tucked firmly inside her. Chris only realized his enormous mistake the next morning when Emily walked into his bedroom carrying his birthday present and found him and the girl sprawled out naked on top of the sheets.

"Forgiven, but not forgotten," Emily replied acidly. "When I took you back I told myself that even though I still loved you I would never trust you again. And I still don't."

Chris felt his frustration and irritation starting to boil over. Before he could think of the next words to say his mouth was already speaking.

"Could you really blame me if I did cheat on you?" Chris asked. "All you ever do is work work work. You're married to your job, not to me. When's the last time you did anything to make me feel special? When do you ever take time for me anymore? We haven't even had sex in over a month."

"Oh, there it is," groaned Emily. "Do you realize how hard I work at my job? We can't all coast by in life the way you always have with everything handed to you on a silver platter. I've fought for everything I've earned and haven't been given a single thing in my life."

Chris seethed internally at the thinly veiled insult Emily just hurled in his face. The origin of Chris's employment was a bit of a sore spot for him. Chris's father had been the original owner and manager of Chris's bookstore before the store was absorbed into a chain and renamed. When Chris's father retired a couple years ago Chris was a natural choice to succeed him since Chris had worked in the bookstore for basically his entire life. Chris's first try at owning his own business had recently failed and he had been having trouble finding a job. He took advantage of blatant nepotism so that he could attain steady employment.

"Wow, we are really going for the low blows tonight," Chris commented. 

"Well fire away, this is an open forum," Emily challenged. "You want to talk about how I eat too much and am too fat next? Is that why you're cheating on me with a girl a decade your junior?"

"Em, I would never ever say that," Chris said incredulously.

"But I know you think it," Emily replied with a hurt look on her face.

"Don't pretend to know my mind," Chris spat back. "I think you are beautiful and sexy and absolutely wonderful. Unfortunately you never give me a chance to prove my desire for you."

~Emily~

Emily had been dissatisfied with her appearance for as long as she could remember. She laughed bitterly whenever she looked back at how much she complained about her weight during the times when she had been genuinely skinny. That whining seemed like a cruel and unnecessary joke now that there were paunches of fat forming on her tummy where her belly used to be lean and flat.

Emily had mousy medium-length brown hair that could never quite decide whether it was naturally curly or wavy. Her face and most of her body were covered in freckles. Today she wore glasses rather than her usual contact lenses. Emily thought they made her look like a dork but Chris swore she looked more cute when wearing her pink frames than without.

For the majority of her life Emily had never considered herself very attractive but her assumptions changed when she first met Chris in the Late American Lit course they took their junior years. Emily took the class to fulfill an English prerequisite but Chris signed up for it because he loved books and reading. It was one of the first things Emily noticed and liked about him. Chris was the first guy to ever make Emily feel pretty but what she loved the most about him was that he seemed as attracted to her personality and intelligence as he did to her appearance. With his looks, Chris could have had any girl he wanted but quiet, nerdy girls like Emily seemed to be the type that fit him best.

Chris quickly became infatuated with the painfully shy but highly intelligent girl that sat next to him in class and constantly tugged at his heartstrings without realizing it. She didn't even realize he was crushing on her until he flat out told her she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. They went on a date and Emily thought she might fall over dead when the cutest boy who'd ever spoken to her told her that he thought he was falling in love with her. By the end of the second week of class Chris became only the third boyfriend Emily would ever have.

While Chris had been sexually experienced before they started dating, Emily was still a virgin. After discussing it in length first, Emily gave herself to him on their six-month anniversary. Her first time felt slightly uncomfortable, but Emily was surprised and delighted by how much she enjoyed it. She even came, which was apparently a rarity for women experiencing their first sex. 

Emily never thought she would be a sexually adventurous person, but for a while there she was practically a sex addict. She just loved making Chris feel good and loved the way he touched her body. Her absolute favorite was to sit on his cock and ride his dick while Chris clenched her buttocks tightly in his fingers or kneaded her breasts while squeezing her nipples. 

Their sex life took a nosedive after Chris cheated on her though. Eventually, Emily was able to have sex with him again but for a while it was impossible not to think about his infidelity when they made love. Emily could no longer bring herself to have sex in her favorite position after seeing that Chris had fucked the other girl while she was on top of him. Unless she was feeling particularly randy Emily usually just laid still and let Chris pound away until he was finished. Emily's once frequent orgasms were now a rarity. Emily was happy to satisfy her husband but she didn't enjoy sex the way she used to. 

Through high school and most of college Emily had never drawn the attention of boys like Chris. She was too quiet to be noticed, too shy to be approachable. Emily only dated fellow nerds like herself. But Chris came out of nowhere and swept Emily off her feet with his ruggedly handsome features and an adorable penchant for the romantic. God, she had been so in love with him. Why couldn't they still be like that?

Emily knew her husband far outclassed her in the looks department and sometimes Chris's handsomeness and good heart made Emily feel even more self-conscious. Emily's neurosis made her question why someone so attractive would want to be with a pudgy, nerdy girl like herself. She constantly wondered why he didn't just leave to find someone better. Emily always felt insanely jealous and suspicious of Chris's female friends and coworkers and resented the time Chris spent with other women. She knew she was being irrational but Chris had cheated on her once before after all. There was always a possibility he might do it again and now it appeared Emily's worst fears had been realized. 

No matter how many times Chris insisted that Emily was more beautiful than she realized Emily never believed him. When Emily looked at her face in the mirror all she could see was her stringy, unkempt hair, the freckles and blemishes on her cheeks and nose, the several pockmarks leftover from a serious outbreak of teenage acne, and the hair on her upper lip that she had to pluck or wax constantly to prevent a mustache from forming.

Chris always seemed more attracted to Emily's mind than her body anyway. She was intelligent, independent, and driven to succeed. Emily also had a wit to match his own and they relentlessly teased each other quite frequently. But at some points the teasing went beyond playful and tended toward being nasty and vindictive. Emily tried not to cross that line but she also knew the perfect cutting remarks that could shut Chris up and put him in his place. He knew how to get under her skin also. They simply knew each other far too well. 

Which isn't to say Chris was unattracted to Emily's body. Quite the opposite actually. Emily possessed a large, full chest that she used to try and hide behind loose-fitting sweaters and other unrevealing clothing that deemphasized her bosom. She had always been embarrassed about how big her chest was in comparison to the rest of her body. Until Chris showed her attention, Emily's tits were the only two reasons boys ever gave her a second glance. But after she realized how much Chris loved touching and looking at her breasts Emily made it a point to wear tighter fitting clothing that showed off her chest. She hadn't dressed like that for him in a while though. Lots of pantsuits and modest dresses instead to keep looking as professional as possible for her job.

Emily also had a larger bottom that gave her body frame an unfortunate pear shape. Her ass only seemed to be getting bigger and bigger too. Fortunately Chris loved it and couldn't seem to keep his hands away from there, constantly rubbing and squeezing her ass whenever he had the opportunity. Emily usually enjoyed it when he touched her there though sometimes he could go too far and not realize that Emily wasn't into being constantly groped while she tried to do things around the house. Emily guessed that her butt was probably the reason why Chris liked fucking her from behind the most. He made it pretty clear both verbally and otherwise that he loved feeling her big asscheeks mashing against his crotch whenever she pushed back against his thrusts.

But as Emily's weight increased along with her age, she allowed Chris to see her completely naked less and less often and wouldn't let him run his hands all over her body like she used to. Emily weighed a little over 120 pounds when she first met Chris, which doesn't seem like much but since her height was only 5'2 Emily's body was more compact. Her weight rocketed past 135 following her marriage and it was now nearing 140 as Emily approached the age of thirty. Emily's boobs used to be perfectly round but she had noticed they were already showing signs of sagging. Plus her already big ass seemed to be blowing up like a peach-shaped balloon. Emily was constantly stressed due to overwork at her job which drove her to compulsive snacking and eating a lot of fast food on her shortened lunch breaks. That certainly wasn't helping matters either.

Emily worked late and on weekends all the time and by the end of the working day she typically went home, made dinner for her and Chris, did a couple chores, did more work, then fell asleep early before repeating the same process all over again. The spark of excitement in their relationship once flared bright enough to illuminate them both but by now it had withered and nearly died. Emily couldn't see any way out of this rut. Emily had convinced herself that one day soon Chris would cease being attracted to her at all and would finally leave her like she always assumed he would.

"So all you really care about is getting laid?" Emily accused Chris. "That's what matters to you, huh? Is sex all that there is between us any more?"

Chris sighed once again. It seemed he was doing that a lot lately.

"I simply want to make you feel good and show you how much I love you," Chris said with exasperation. "To show how much I'm still attracted to you. Is that so wrong?"

"It's wrong if you're only doing acting nice and lying to give me compliments so you can get something out of it in return," Emily retorted. "All you seem to care about is getting your dick wet."
