 "As you can see here, the protons combine with the electrons and emit both neutrons and neutrinos, which as you all know from your reading, are..." This physics class is almost so boring as to be unbearable. If I didn't need to take it to graduate I wouldn't ever have set foot within a mile of the science quad my whole time at college.

This class' one saving grace is the professor, who is, honestly, way too hot to be in her position. Her brunette hair falls to just below her shoulders, and the curls and highlights make it obvious that she had it done at a salon. Her makeup is thick but elegant. As for the rest of her outfit... Well, let's just say that before the Public Sex Act passed in 2022, it would not have qualified as professional attire. She's wearing a thin pink turtleneck sweater that has been cut off diagonally at the shoulders and horizontally just below the nipples. Her breasts are about grapefruit-sized, and the bottoms of them hang seductively out from under the bottom of her top. She's wearing a black miniskirt, or what used to be one before it was cut to be about three inches thick. Now it's basically a belt that hangs loosely off her hip above her lace panties, which are the same color of pink as her top, and also the same color of pink as her shoes, a pair of 6-inch stilettos.

I'm bored silly with the lecture so I'm just idly jerking myself off watching her try to write stuff on the board. Her sweater keeps sliding up over her breasts as she reaches up to write on the chalkboard. Usually she tries to pull it down when she turns around - mostly trying to keep to the old conservative standards of decorum and professionalism. Other times she is too absorbed in her lecture and forgets. You're sitting right next to me playing with yourself through your panties, but you're taking notes at the same time.

"You know, you should really pay more attention!" You whisper to me.

"Yeah yeah, give me a break, it's my last year," I whisper back. Our whispers draw the attention of the professor, who looks up the auditorium at us with her eyebrows furled, looking like she's about to say something - but when she sees us her eyes drift down under the desk to my 13-inch member. Her face softens, and she loses track of what she was talking about for a moment, before pulling her eyes away, regaining her composure, and continuing her lecture. You elbow me suggestively, raising your eyebrows pointedly. I meet your gaze with a cocky grin on my face.

You go back to taking notes, and I go back to idly jerking off, now mildly more interested in the class than before. As the class goes on, to my amazement, the professor starts to gaze back at me more and more often, her eyes lingering more and more each time. I look over to mention it to you, but I see you staring at my dick too, still playing with yourself, but now more intently. You've pushed your panties to the side and you're fingering yourself now. Your pencil is still in your other hand, but it seems like you stopped taking notes a while ago.

"You know, you should really pay more attention!" I lean over and whisper to you. You roll your eyes. "Yeah, yeah, gimme a break," you reply, your breathing getting heavy. The professor is talking about electrons inside atoms or around them or something, but she's not explaining it very well any more. Actually she's starting to sound more like a student giving a presentation than a professor. It probably didn't help that she had taken out a flask at one point and started drinking from it, keeping it tucked into the strap of her panties. "So," you continue, "when are you going to fuck me with that thing already?"

"I already told you, we're such good friends, I don't want to mess that up with sex," I reply. "Come onnn," you whine breathily, "just once won't hurt, and anyway we can be friends and have sex at the same time can't we?"

"I don't know..." I answer. "Why should I take the risk when I can just fuck a stranger instead?"

You're quiet for a while, save for little whimpers. You're getting close. "Because you feel bad for me??" You say, giving me puppy eyes. I have a good chuckle at that. "I don't know about that," I say, "but I'm starting to feel kind of bad for her..." motioning toward the professor with my eyebrows. It just so happens that I gestured toward her right during one of her thinly veiled stares in my direction, so her face flushes red and she looks back toward the board, looking at the things the wrote last, seemingly trying to figure out what she had been talking about. Her panties had been accumulating a very visible wet spot now for most of the class.

"Yeah, it does seem like she's into you..." you reply, with slightly more than a hint of jealousy. "Are you going to fuck her before the end of the period?"

"Nah, I don't think she's quite there yet," I answer. There's this thing in college classes these days, where if the professor gets too horny to teach properly, it was fair game for someone to go up and help them out. Of course that applies mainly to female professors, male professors usually take a few sluts each class as they see fit. Male professors are perfectly capable of keeping their cool while fucking a few holes. With female professors on the other hand, there's kind of a "three strikes" type policy with getting too horny to finish a lecture. This is still a school, after all, and her job is technically still to teach. After those three strikes, she usually will be demoted to teaching remedial classes. After three more strikes... Well, at that point she should technically be fired, but usually sluts in that situation are welcome to take up residence as a free use girl in the kiosks next to the hallway water fountains.

In my opinion, her teaching isn't quite bad enough yet for an intervention, but it isn't really good by any standards either. It seems like whatever is in her flask must be pretty strong, because at this point she's having a hard time balancing on her high heels while writing on the board. Her sweater's ridden up well above her tits but she seems to either not notice or not care, and she's pretty much staring at me openly every time she turns around.

Another ten minutes or so pass in the same way. Swig, scribble, glance, whisper whisper. Eventually I get bored and, seeing that you're clearly done taking notes for the day, push your head down under the desk. You start sucking me off as well as you can considering my size. You take me as far down your throat you can, and let out a little choking noise. That draws us an immediate glance from the professor, which shortly turns into a glare. She takes another drink from her flask and continues trying to teach, while you bring first one hand then the other into the mix, covering parts of my shaft that your mouth couldn't reach.

Now you're getting really into it, and I see you make eye contact with the professor whenever she glances over. At this point the slut is basically doing her best to stay standing and keep pretending to be a professor. She's totally forgotten what she was talking about, and she plays with herself through her panties with her other hand whenever she's trying to write something on the board. She takes the hand away when she turns towards the class - she must think we can't tell. She is starting to spend an awfully long amount of time writing things on the board. I tap you on the shoulder. "I think it's time," I whisper. I stand up and start walking toward the aisle, your hands linger on my dick, not wanting to let go, but I'm too slippery - now whose fault is that.

The "professor" is facing the board, taking another swig from her flask and very obviously playing with herself through her panties, while slurring something about attractive forces. She doesn't notice me walking up to the front of the class. I look up at the students and see a bit more dick sucking than usual, even a few groups fucking quietly in the back. A few others quietly have their hands in their pants, and as usual, there are a few unattractive people who look disappointed that they're not going to get the end of the lecture. I see my friend in one of the middle rows getting head from a redhead, and he gives me a "fuck yeah!" gesture quietly, which I send right back at him.

I walk all the way up to the pink slut, with my dick in hand, and grab her by the waist. She turns around in surprise, pulling her hand out of her panties reflexively. I push her over to her desk, bend her roughly over it, pull her soaking wet panties to the side, and push my saliva-soaked 13-inch cock inch by inch deep into her ass. The slut struggles a little, but only to try to preserve what little dignity she has left at this point. She moans loudly and her hand goes back to her cunt. I start thrusting in and out of her ass, eliciting tiny rhythmic shouts from her. Between thrusts she's trying to say something, but I can't tell what it is exactly. Eventually I piece together some of it: "The... [ugh]... the protoahhh [uhh], the proton, [ahh], absorbs... [oh my god...] no I mean... [oh], emits..." The fuckmeat is still trying to finish her lecture! She's motivated, I'll give her that...

At this point the students who actually care about the lecture pack up and start to leave. The ones who are left are all either fucking someone or choosing partners. I look up towards you and see that you've found some dude from three seats over and you're thrusting back against him doggystyle. It takes you a second to see me looking at you (even though you're looking straight at me), but when you do, you start thrusting faster and glare at the fuckmeat on my dick. Huh, she must have really wanted to fuck me...

At this point, after most of a lecture of jacking off, getting my cock sucked, and fucking this hole here, I'm almost ready to cum. "Hey," I call out to you, "come on down here, let me make it up to you." I see your face light up, and you just stand up and head straight down to the front, leaving the guy behind you hanging. His face is a priceless mix of confusion, horniness, and frustration. It looks like he was rocking a 6-incher too... no wonder you weren't satisfied.

You run up next to me and look at me expectantly. I look down at your naked body... 'man she's really a hottie,' I start thinking, before I catch myself - I can have almost any other girl, I just have to stay away from her. She's not just some hole, she's my friend.

That being said, my mind in this state can't really find a solid argument against just looking. You see my gaze, give me a sly smile, and start showing off a little bit, doing poses like a model doing a photoshoot. I'm loving it. The fuckmeat is still muttering something or another in between moans and swigs from her flask, but I don't even notice her anymore, I'm basically just masturbating myself on her while watching you, transfixed.

I'm getting close, and you can tell. You move closer and closer with your poses, more and more seductive, and I get closer and closer to the edge. Closer and closer, closer and closer... Finally you're an inch away from me and I start to cum, and at that moment you kiss me deeply on the lips, taking me by surprise as I empty my balls into this random fuckslut's ass. That moment seems to last for an hour. You pull away just as I finish cumming. We're speechless for a moment, we just stand there quietly, surrounded by this drunk slut's ramblings and the sounds of the orgy around us.

I take a deep breath and give a little chuckle, diffusing the tension. You do the same too. Unlike me, you're still visibly horny, as evidenced by your hand snaking down between your thighs. "So," I say, "do you still want me to make it up to you?" You nod shakily. I pull out of the hole, leaving it gaping and leaking cum. "Bon appetit," I gesture toward it.

You're so horny at this point that the cum leaking out of her ass looks like the most delicious thing in the world. You kneel down and start lapping it up like it's water in the middle of a desert. You're fingering yourself at the same time, and I watch with mild fascination as you get so close that you're shaking, hold it there for as long as you can, bury your face deep in the slut's ass, and use it to muffle your voice as you cum harder than I've ever seen you cum before. You collapse down onto your butt and look up at me with smiling eyes.

I help you up on your feet, but you have a hard time staying up for a second because your legs are shaking. Once you find your balance we have a sort of awkward silence surrounded by the sounds of debauchery that have become so common in this year of 2048.

"You wanna, maybe, I dunno, hang out later?" you ask.

I smile. "Yeah, I'd like that."

A moment passes while we look around the room thoughtfully.

"Ok, well tell your friend to come too," you say, pointing at my slowly deflating cock with your eyebrows, as you turn and walk away seductively.

"Whoa now, come on, at least take me out to dinner first," I say jokingly, catching up to you and putting my arm around your waist as we walk out of the auditorium naked, covered in cum, and thoroughly content.