 The local skate park's quite big and near the city's boardwalk so it gets major foot traffic with people and groups hanging out around it all the time. I've only spent a few minutes on the boardwalk but already someone catches my eye; A tall-ish girl with a messy mop of dirty blonde hair peeking out from under her beanie, she's wearing a loose shirt with the bottom cut off, showing off her flat stomach, and a flannel shirt with torn black jeans. Everything about her look did it for me, definitely her I think to myself.

She's leaning on her longboard and talking with her friends near a kebab place when I make my way over. Walking up behind her, I tap her on the shoulder. She turns around, "Excuse me, could I?" I ask, gesturing at her crotch.

It takes a moment before she realizes what I want, "Oh, yeah, whatever man, go ahead." She turns back around to resume talking to one of her friends, the other one isn't saying much. The boarder girl then slightly pulls down her jeans, showing off some of her curvy ass but not all of it, it's only far down enough to just reveal her tiny asshole.

"Shy?" I ask over her shoulder.

"Nah man, it's just cold, sorry did you want my pussy instead?"

"It's okay; I'm good with back door." Looking over at the brunette friend that wasn't saying much, "Hey, could you come back here?"

"Uhm, sure, what do you need?"

"Could you just kneel down here and open up thanks."

She gives me an annoyed look but doesn't protest.

I pull my dick out and slip it into her open, waiting mouth. "Just get it as wet as you can."

She starts bobbing up and down, quickly working me deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat, soon she's covered me in thick saliva. After just a minute of this she pulls back and tries to get back up but I press her shoulder back down.

"Wait, I'm not done yet," I move her face towards her friend and press her face up against the skater girl's ass, "Don't move, just stay here and keep your mouth open okay?" She rolls her eyes at me in reply but doesn't move away.

With my cock covered in so much spit I figure it'll be easier this way. I grab my cock with one hand and ready it at her asshole, then wrap the other around her stomach for leverage. Keeping an eye on her face I slide in down to the balls with one smooth motion. Pulling her hard against me and thrusting in at the same I jam all 6 inches of my cock up her ass. It didn't do much good, watching her face I was expecting something from all that but was disappointed to see she didn't even stop her conversation or stumble over any words. Disappointed, I comforted myself by using her asshole, pumping in with deep strokes. Every once in a while, I pull out, switch holes and jam my cock down the kneeling girls throat. She could take it deep at the start when going slow but slamming it in quickly made her start to gag, choke, and tear up. Soon enough, her mascara was running and her face was looking like a mess, I actually kinda liked the look and hoped the Sim would notice.

I start swapping holes more and more often until I was just quickly dipping my dick into the boraders asshole and shoving it immediately back into the brunettes open mouth. Looking up I see dozens of people walk past every moment on the boardwalk, all of them witnessing me publicly sodomizing a girl and immediately moving to the mouth of another; hardly any of them spare a second glance, hell not one of them would even object to switching places with the skater. Still, I wonder what would happen if I put on a show.

Looking back down to the skater's asshole I start trying to get her asshole to gape. It takes several minutes plunging in and out before her ass would finally stay wide open for long moments every time I pulled out. Grabbing a hold of the skater's hips I face her ass towards the boardwalks foot traffic. Her wide, gaping asshole greets hundreds of people as they walk by. Whenever she starts closing back up I slam in and stretch her back out for everyone to see using the flick out move the bar chick taught me. A few girls walking past seem interested with how wide she is but the obscene sight impresses no one, especially the boarder. She hasn't really stopped her conversation with her other friend throughout the whole ordeal, she's just passively letting me maneuver her around.

Well, I tried. Shrugging I go back to swapping between the brunette's mouth and the boarders ass. For the first few minutes' the brunette seemed fine but after a while she surprisingly started to glare at me. Huh, I didn't think they could get upset about sex.

I pull out and ask curiously, "What's the matter? Are you not okay with this?"

She sucks in deep breaths, coughing and hacking up spit and phlegm which hangs off messily from her chin before finally managing to sputter out, "What? Yeah, course I'm okay, the throatfucking and ass to mouth is fine, it's just you ruined my makeup is all. It's just gonna be annoying to put back on."

"Oh, sorry, do you want me to stop?"

"Nah, you haven't cum yet. It's cool dude, it's not like you can ruin it any more, go ahead and finish up."

I love this place. I decided to try prove her wrong. Grabbing the back of her head, I push my dick into her throat as far as I could go, hitting the back of her throat and then sliding down past it, she gags and starts to choke again. I hold her face down on my dick for long seconds, long enough I start wondering when she'll start tapping on my thigh but she surprisingly never does, she keeps her hands calmly on her thighs the whole time and just keeps choking with my dick in her throat. I actually start to feel her swallowing while I'm still inside her. The massaging action of her muscles on my cock feels amazing, like she's trying to milk the cum out of my cock.

Finally, I start to get scared she might pass out and finally pull my dick from her throat. She sucks in a huge breath of air as I do. As she's catching her breath, I take my dick and start smearing it all over her face, wiping spit, phlegm, tears and mascara all over her face making her look like an utter whore.

As she catches her breath she wheezes out, "I thought for sure you were going to throatfuck me till I passed out, heh, no one's done that in a while." She sucks in a few more deep breathes, "Alright I'm ready again," and opens up her mouth patiently.

I really fucking loved this place. I obliged and went for another round in her throat for a few more minutes before I was ready to cum. I go to grab the back of her head again but before I do, I feel her grab my thighs instead. Holding onto them she hauls herself onto my cock, burying her nose in my pubes and my cock in her throat. She holds herself there despite the gagging and choking. I love that she's doing it to herself, this is definitely better than what I had planned.

After a few moments she starts trying to milk my cock again by swallowing again and again and again, massaging my dick. I don't even need to push her head down, she keeps her own face firmly pressed against my crotch. 20 seconds pass, 30, 40, then 50, I feel her chest start heaving and her swallowing action gets more rapid and frantic. A full minute passes of this before her swallowing finally tips me over the edge and I blow down her throat. I send rope after rope of cum down her throat, she tries her best to keep up with it swallowing everything I give her but can't quite manage it. She chokes powerfully one last time, making some of my cum shoot out her nostrils before pulling her head back and coughing up the rest of my jizz. I don't know if she did it on purpose or if it was an accident but she angled her head up and far back enough that when the cum erupted out, she caught most of it on her chin as it fell back down, the rest landing on her shirt. I take my cum covered cock and start wiping it on her face again as she's sitting there catching her breath, smearing the cum on her chin over the rest of her face. Satisfied I had made a better mess, I plunged my member back into her mouth one last time for a cleanup she obligingly provided.

In between heavy breathes, she asks me, "So-your-done?"

I nod happily which prompts her to get up and head toward a public toilet to clean up.

Seeing my dick still semi hard was a pleasant reminder of the heightened stamina I had here. I turn my attention over to the boarder who was still in her conversation. I slipped my dick easily back into her ass and began to absentmindedly fuck her, slowly without any real energy, just enjoying being there while I thought of what to do next. Maybe the university campus? There's this German politics lecturer I'd love to try out during class. Or maybe the mall, always did have a bit of a changing room fetish. Or maybe I should keep it personal like with Stacey and just make my way through my contacts. Slipping out of the skater, I walk around to her and lightly press down on her shoulders, she quickly gets the message, kneels down and swallows me without a second's hesitation, she runs her tongue up and down my cock giving me a quick once over.

I tap the skater on the shoulder again and say pulling out, "Hey, thanks."

"No worries man," she replie casually, pulling up her jeans.

"If you don't mind me asking, how come you didn't even bat an eye when I jammed into you at the start?"

"Oh you can blame my boyfriend for that, he just really likes anal, he's been waking me up with that kind of buttfucking for the last few months so I'm pretty used to it. It's kinda crazy actually, ever since we moved in together he's been using my asshole like it's going out of style, even doing DAP's and stuff."

"DAP's? The dance move?"

She throws her head back and lets out a short laugh, "Haha, no, DAP, as in double anal penetration. He and his friends share my asshole at the same time whenever we're hanging out together."

"Wow, and you're okay with him doing that?"

"Well if it's what they want, who am I to complain. But to be honest, at first yeah it was annoying, I mean I've got three holes, they could each just have their own but those guys just really like my butt. Back then I couldn't concentrate on doing anything while they were sharing my butt, but eventually after I got some practice in, I could read or watch TV while they went at it so it's fine now."

"Good to know," I say, smiling.

I start walking off, considering my options on where to go next when I get a bright idea. Why'd I stop at the small augmentations I made to myself? This is all virtual, I should have been more ambitious and creative.

Not knowing for sure if this was the right way to go about it, I awkwardly shout out into the air, "Hey! Simone! Can you hear me? I'd like to make some more changes." I was by no means small at 6 inches and about 2 thick at the moment, but if I wanted so much as a raised eyebrow, I think I'd need something a bit more.

Simone replied immediately as a soft voice inside my head, "I can hear you James, no need to shout. And of course we can adjust the settings for you at any point, what changes would you like to make?"

"I'd like a dick size toggle mode thanks. Give me an 8" long, 2.5" thick version and 10" by 3" options please."

Simone replies brightly, "Bigger and better then is it? Sure thing James, it's already done, just think real hard about 'big' or 'bigger' for either of those options or 'normal' to revert back down to where you're at now. Oh, and remember James, I'm here to help with anything you need, don't be afraid to ask for any more changes whenever you want."

"Thanks Simone."

Testing it out, I think big and quickly feel my cock swell in size dramatically. "Cool."

This would mean I could definitely surprise Stacey or help out the punk chick but I didn't want to go back to either quite so soon. I decided the mall would be a better option.