 Author's Note: Non-con sections are denoted with a "-> 

Contract 

---- 

A cold gloom hung low over the town of Hvalbarg early this morning. Most citizens of the Isbryggan town were already awakened by this hour, their professions as fishermen demanding that they do so. Hvalbarg would be considered a small village in the Empire, with only twenty square longhouses in all, and a population only triple that. In Isbrygga, however, this was considered a decently sized commune. White, whispy smoke clouds rose from many of the houses, the women and children within fighting off the bitter cold outside with a simple fire within. 

Tatiana Vittori sat on a lone rock by the shoreline, watching the fishermen in their small boats perform their work. She hadn't come all the way from Redstone -- a massive, magical city on the southern coast of Tardia -- to watch the locals perform their trade, of course. 

She'd come for the whales. The spring was just now beginning, and the migrations of the great beasts would take them right next to Hvalbarg as they left their breeding grounds to the far south and returned to their feeding grounds in western Isbrygga. 

Tatiana had read all about them. She loved animals and all things natural, and had half of her personal library dedicated to that subject matter. She found it bewildering that a creature of such a size could even exist, harkening all the way back to the age of dragons a thousand years ago. And, unlike dragons, these creatures still existed, unfettered from extinction by overzealous human hunters. 

Sightings of whales were rare, and studies on them in recent years were rarer still. Tatiana was no professor, of course; she was here on her own accord, just to bask in their glory for one beautiful day. 

Tatiana wasn't alone on this lonely shoreline, either. She had brought her small black cat with her. She pet him as he rested contentedly on the silks of her dress, napping through the cold morning. Tatiana knew Dusk would awake when the fishermen returned; she would need to get him a treat when that happened. Dusk would have it no other way. 

A spout of water off the shore; Tatiana beamed, seeing a flipper of a massive beast rise from the ocean as if suspended in slow-motion for a moment. Such a wonderous sight! What a pleasure this adventure would be to share with her friends. 

Oh... yeah. 

Tatiana frowned for a moment, reminded of the fact that she was completely terrified of human contact. It was miraculous that the girl with twenty-four years of age had attended the College of Redstone at all, really. Even more miraculous that she had performed consistently at the top of her class as a proficient conjurer and a master-class teleporter. 

Dusk mewled in her lap, demanding that she must stroke his ear. Tatiana did this, of course, the beautiful black kitty snuggling happily against her hand. Another spurt of water off the shoreline, another beautiful, gargantuan beast making itself known to the world. Swim whale, swim! 

Tatiana giggled. She wished she could remember the moment forever, and mulled over the possibility of taking one of the many fishing boats by the shore for a closer look at the whales. She would have, too, had she not been positively frightened of having to explain her actions to an Isbryggan. Or anyone, for that matter. 

Tatiana had always been like this, though. Sure, she was always present for the massive family gatherings in Redstone and Ferlo. Who would miss out on a night of dance and revelry, after all? But after the party, or even during, she would shy away from any and all conversation unless it had been started by her mother, father, or sisters. Anyone else made the girl nervous, and she'd never grown out of it. 

Tatiana even decided to study teleportation at the College of Redstone for that very reason. She dreamt of being able to get away from everything and anything in the blink of an eye, faster than the drop of a boot. She was still young and had much to learn, of course, but Tatiana was now capable of instantly traveling to any locale she had already visited in person. The greatest teleportation sorceresses could do more, and were capable of traveling anywhere they wanted to. She hoped she would be that capable, one day. Tatiana would love to see the Empire of Masakrai to the far west. 

She had also found great joy and ability in conjuration magic, finding that most of her summons from other dimensions were decent-enough conversational partners, and sated her need for social contact. Demons were far easier for the sorceress to speak with, as they could never embarass her after the fact. Tatiana knew they would have to return to their own plane of existence in minutes, their brief visitation of the world only made possible in the first place by her shaking hands. 

A commotion stirred on the waters, fishermen waving to each other across the dark, icy sea. They began rowing their boats inland, to return to town. Tatiana was amused, realizing they must be worried of one of the whales ramming into one of their diminutive boats and capsizing them. Tatiana would have been scared, too. 

A bell sounded in town. She quickly glanced towards it, her smile now absent on her face. It seemed a little overboard to sound a bell for a whale migration, she thought. Tatiana rose to her feet, grabbing her cat in one arm as she peered out over the ocean before her, a hand on her brows to block the sun from her eyes. 

A larger vessel than the fishing boats, though still somewhat small, was closing quickly with the town. Tatiana's heart beat strongly in her chest as she realized that this was what the town was worried of. She made her way to a larger pile of rocks closer to shore, stepping carefully on the stones so she didn't slip. She squinted, then frowned when she saw the ship with more clarity. A pair of red battleaxes, crossed over a field of black. It wasn't a familiar sigil to Tatiana, and she had studied many. It gave her a sense of dread... a sense of... 

Hm. 

It didn't matter what she felt, as Tatiana wouldn't leave these people to an unknown fate. She gathered a black notebook from her small travel sack, reviewing its contents in preparation. 

-- 

The reavers soon came ashore with axes overhead, yelling of blood and forgiveness. Or... something like that. Tatiana wasn't particularly well versed in the Isbryggan tongue. What was obvious to her was that these reavers weren't here as peaceful traders. 

She had little battle experience, but what Tatiana did know of it was that she wasn't particularly prepared for twenty screaming reavers. The girl had absolutely no weapons training, and her magical abilities made her completely reliant on out-world summons rather than her own ability. 

Or she could always teleport away in an instant, if all else failed. The thought did cross Tatiana's mind for a brief moment, before she scanned the battle in front of her to think of a proper solution. 

The fishermen were now barricaded further into the town behind a small palisade, bows trained on the approaching axemen. Tatiana had to make her move, now, to protect the hapless villagers. 

An invocation of Gorghash could do it, Tatiana realized, raising a finger skyward as if in discovery. 

Simple enough. The demon would be all too happy to exist in the mortal realm, even for but a moment. 

Well... perhaps not. But he was obligated to show, nonetheless. 

She always despised using the spell, but knew it was the only way to defend the hapless town of Hvalbarg. He was the strongest demon she had yet signed a contract with, after all. 

The first volley of arrow fire had come from behind the barricade, only felling two of the reavers as they charged forward, screaming with bloodlust. Tatiana ran towards them, clutching her black notebook in her black silk glove. Dusk ran behind her, staying as close as possible to her black boots without allowing her to trip over him. 

Tatiana extended a gloved hand, flashing two outstreched fingers, then three, then one, drew a circle in the air, a line vertically through that, and yet an 'X' over that. 

Gorghash, I need you now, Tatiana pleaded silently. 

A large oval of shining, purple light appeared before her, pure void hanging within the light's embrace. A large black creature stepped forth from the void, red eyes scanning the mortal plane before it. 

Gorghash -- the name given to this particular demon by Tatiana -- was positively monstrous. Standing eight feet tall, the demon had dark black chitin covering most of his body, his feet mere claws upon which he strode the mortal realm. A long chitinous tail, spiked along the top, swung heavily behind him, five feet long just on its own. The creature held a ghoulish two-handed sword, black bands of an unknown metal curling around a red, glowing core. The demon's face could be considered human, if it was not completely blackened and contained red eyes, or if he hadn't had foot-long horns curling from the top. 

"Tatiana, the most dainty of wenches. Why have you called me to this wretched place?" the demon asked deeply, his voice reverberating through her eardrums. Not to mention the world strings themselves. 

"Kill those people, Gorghash!" Tatiana commanded thinly, pointing at the screaming men in horned helms carrying axes above their heads. 

The demon's beady red eyes followed the sorceress's outstretched finger, a grin forming on his face when he found Tatiana's foes. 

"As you wish, my sweet." 

Gorghash sighed and lifted his blade to his shoulder, which was a spiked pauldron of black chitin. He stepped slowly at first, his stride quickly gaining momentum as he grew accustomed to the atmosphere of this realm once more. 

"FLOUNDER FREELY IN FEAR, MORTALS!" the demon boomed over the sand and snow, the now-sixteen reavers before him turning to face their new foe with pure confusion present in their eyes. The first axeman to meet the demon had his axe sliced into two halves, followed by his torso. He had no time to scream before his body exploded into a red mist. 

The second, having seen the first, attacked the demon's body with all his strength. Axe met chitin, and a weapon was subsequently jammed within Gorghash's torso. The reaver's screaming head was severed by a deft horizontal slash from the demon's longsword, his body erupting into a fine rain a second later. 

Gorghash had, fortunately, been running forward the entire time as he performed this action. The raiders crumbled immediately to the new threat, running for their very lives back to the longboat that had taken them here. Running with quite the haste, mind you, but far slower than the demon. 

"RUN RESTLESSLY UNTO RUIN, SLAVES!" 

Tatiana smiled softly, picking up Dusk from the ground beneath her. She stroked his ears, and the cat melted with the most adorable purr to her touch. Conjuration was surely the most powerful form of magic, Tatiana knew. She watched another man get turned to red droplets of water, then another right after that, screaming for half a second before he was disintegrated. 

It was unfortunate that demons as strong as Gorghash were so rare, though. A shame that he didn't enjoy being summoned more than once a year, as well, an action which would void their contract instantaneously. 

And the fact that he brutally raped her in her dream-sleep the night after being summoned. Yeah, that was probably the worst part, Tatiana figured. 

Dusk mewled in her arms as another unfortunate reaver was fortunately rendered into mist, the cat yawning before falling to sleep in her loving arms. 

"TREMBLE IN TERROR TODAY, WEAKLINGS!" 

-- 

Two minutes later Gorghash stomped loudly towards the smiling sorceress clad in black, who was cradling her cat lovingly in her gloved arms. The ground behind the demon, which used to be a surface of sand and snow, was now soaked with the blood and entrails of fifteen men. 

"I'm sorry, Tatiana. The last one drowned in the sea before I could eviscerate him." 

Tatiana shook her head hesitantly. "It's no matter. Thank you, Gorghash. I will see you next year, I'm sure." 

The demon grinned. "And you, my dear, I will see tonight." 

She grimaced, reminded once again of the contract's stipulation. If only there were a more certain method of gaining a demon's loyalty! 

"Go easy on me tonight, please?" Tatiana squeaked. 

Gorghash bellowed a deep, bestial howl of laughter. "Ha, ha, ha! Hah! Oh my silly wench. Do I ever?" the demon asked, shaking the sorceress to her core. A purple portal of shining light appeared before Gorghash immediately after, the void within pulling him back to whichever plane of existence he normally resided in. 

No, you certainly don't, Tatiana thought gloomily with a frown. 

She furrowed her brow, finding that the fishermen of Hvalbarg were now leaving their hurried foritifications in a state of dreadful perplexion. Many were glancing in her direction, if they weren't staring over the blood-soaked ground, yet they did not move on her. Tatiana knew they were likely scared to do so, and she did not blame them for feeling that way. 

But it didn't matter. Tatiana would never want to speak to them anyway, the girl frightening herself from potential conversation as she anticipated what she would say in her head. 

"Sorry about that, I only summoned a world-eating demon from another plane of existence to save your town, it's no big deal. I'll be on my way now!" 

Well, that's how the discussion could go, if the villagers spoke Elvish. And since they likely didn't, the conversation would instead quickly devolve into pointed fingers and screams of terror. Tatiana would not be able to defend her actions, and she nervously shook on the bloodied coast in anticipation. 

The Jarlinna of Villjord would need to be warned of the incursion, of course. If there were one boat full of reavers, there could possibly be more prowling the coastline as well. Tatiana was glad that she had been to Villjord several times before, where the Jarlinna resided year-round. The sorceress frequented the library there, finding the college in Villjord to be the preeminent source for all things out-world. Her frequent visitations of the city would allow her to return there with all haste. 

"Ready to go, Dusk?" she asked her cat softly, reminded that she herself wished she could have stayed. Tatiana had barely seen any whales, after all, and she would need to wait another six months for them to return this close to the shoreline once more. 

The cat was still sleeping in her arms, and did not reply to her question. He wouldn't have, anyway. 

Tatiana extended a gloved hand and dreamt of a blackened step pyramid, finding herself at its feet in an instant. 

-- 

Talos stood at the very edge of a cliff, the crashing waves far below him roaring with ferocity from the windswept sea. He held his pecker, pissing contentedly into the ocean below as he hummed a tune. He held his gaze away from the waves, of course, to instead watch Casiama's graceful beauty sway endlessly to a wordless song as she strode over the snow. He dreamt pridefully of what he would do to that perfect form tonight. 

Casiama stopped herself at the top of a snowbank, tilting her head towards her lover at the cliff; just to make sure he was okay. She was briefly jealous of a man's ability to piss wherever they wanted before the farcaster vibrated within her small pack, letting her know one of the sorceresses were trying to reach her. Casiama pushed a gentle touch of magic into the stone. 

"Hello!" she greeted cheerfully, her ears perking up without her consent. 

"Hey, Cass?" Vex said from twenty miles away. Casiama still found the idea insane. 

"Yeah?" 

"How are things going?" 

"Another day in paradise," Sigismund replied with an abundance of sarcasm as he trudged up the snowbank, greaves falling into the ice on each step. 

Casiama slapped him lightly on the arm when he arrived next to her, but stayed quiet for Vex to respond. 

"Hello?" Vex said after a moment. Casiama furrowed her brow. 

"Did you hear Sigi?" 

Vex chuckled. "No, Cass. The farcasters only transmit what you're saying. I'm not sure how it works, truthfully." Sigismund rolled his eyes. 

"Oh. Okay. Everything's good on our end, Vex," Casiama answered softly. She pushed a bit of magic into the stone, terminating the conversation abruptly. 

"Talos! Give the sea a rest!" Casiama yelled towards him happily. He waved towards her, lacing his pants as he trudged towards her with a smirk. 

->

Tatiana awoke that night atop a softly glowing stone table, naked as the day of her birth. Around her was only void, an endless sea of black which consumed her vision and had always made the sorceress somewhat uncomfortable in the past. Tatiana knew she was in the two-hundreth-and-thirty-first ring of the Phi domain, her soul having been summoned here for the night, torn from her physical form. 

She was alone, save for the racing pulse in her ears. Dusk could not follow the girl here. 

"Tatiana, the most dainty wench," a disembodied voice greeted, shaking vicariously from the void surrounding her. The sorceress attempted a smile, and spared no effort to cover her naked body. 

"Gorghash... Hello," she responded meekly with fluttering heart. A chitinous, black monster materialized before her, striding eagerly to the side of the stone table the girl rested upon. Tatiana was pleased to see him without his longsword, and had willed the spikes on his body away for the night. She smiled nervously. 

"Thank you again. For saving those people today," she said waiveringly, hoping for a kindness in return that she would never receive. 

A hard, cold hand rested upon her shoulder. The demon smiled, extending its thick, prehensile tongue towards the girl and flicking it over her cheeks. Tatiana lay patiently, shaking, for she knew he would want her to. She endured five minutes of the hot, sticky appendage caressing on her cheeks, lips, neck, and nose, and did not whimper once this time. 

The sorceress was glad that this night would only come but once a year, else the contract would be severed in full. So very glad. 

The fork of the tongue rested before her lips for a moment, idly. The sorceress extended her own tongue, licking the overwhelming tip of his meekly with blushing cheeks before retreating once more. 

The demon did the same with his. Tatiana exhaled abruptly, realizing that Gorghash's foreplay was now over. Now comes the hard part. 

"Tatiana. If only the wenches of my world were half as beautiful as you when you tremble before me." 

Her heart pushed against her chest. "Thank you, Gorghash." The demon laughed brutally. 

"And the adorable names you call me. We do not have to only allow ourselves this pleasure but once a year, dear Tatiana. We can sign a new contract, and you could remain with me forever." 

Like hells I would, Tatiana thought. She shook her head ever so gently. 

"I would never be so greedy." 

The demon bellowed once more before striding to the far end of the table. His chitinous hands rested on her legs, beckoning her to part them. She did. Tremulously. His tongue extended once more, lapping at her womanhood before sliding inside eagerly. 

Tatiana squirmed at the unfamiliar sensation, finding this appendage felt absolutely bizzare within her. An inch thick at its widest, the tongue bent, danced, and pulsed brutally within her pussy. Tatiana vowed she would never feel pleasure from it, but sighed all the same. It wormed further within her, finding the deepest parts of her it could reach, running its sticky mucous over every part of her inner walls. 
