 Author's Note: Short chapter, and a big non-consent warning. Skip this part if that's not up your alley, the storyline will fill you in later. 

Three 

---- 

Hilde awoke atop the cold wooden floor of her room in Villjord, feeling a barely-perceptible roll as it crashed against the waves. 

She shot up, placing her hands on the ground. She soon remembered where she was -- on a reaver vessel full of rapists and murderers, instead of Villjord -- and frowned, trying once more to rip the cold collar from her neck with two weak tugs. She would have wept, then, had she any more left to give, so she instead slid across the ground to a bowl of water, picking it up to drain it of its lukewarm contents. 

She wondered if her friend, Evette, had been killed in the attack or had been taken aboard one of the reaver vessels. If it was the latter, Hilde would need to find out before she made her escape. Once she figured out how to do that, any way. 

Initial needs of the morning had not been met, and Hilde scanned her isolated, rocking room for a chamber pot she would not find. Sighing silently, she instead crept over to the door. 

It swung open as soon as she had arrived, a fist immediately meeting her face. 

"Knees, slave!" the man commanded sternly. Not that Hilde had a choice, having been forced into the position by his knuckles. She stared towards the floor despondently. 

"Kjartan wants to see you," he said monotonously. Hilde thought of what that command required of her, but the young sorceress was feeling delirious and had forgotten. She was smacked again. 

"Leash!" he demanded, pointing beside her. 

Hilde crawled on her hands and knees towards the corner of the room, hastily grabbing the thick chain from the floor and fastening it to her own collar. Satisfied it was affixed, she turned to the man at the door and remained on her knees. Another backhand smack across her face, her cheek thumping with righteous fury. 

"You will offer the leash to me, slave." 

Hilde picked it up and did so, shaking uncontrollably as she lifted her arm. She hadn't eaten in a day and was feeling it, although this fact was far from her mind. She was led, on all fours, up a small staircase and onto the deck of the vessel, across the eyes of three dozen brutish men. They dared not spit or smack her, lest they incur the wrath of the Wanderer, but they did jeer. And laugh. Hilde flushed from the humiliation, realizing her womanhood was obscenely displayed to each of them. The world's fastest fall from grace. 

The man opened the door to the aft quarters, where Kjartan stayed. The room was far warmer than the rest of the ship, and Hilde almost felt comfortable for a second. "Wanderer. I have the new mage, as requested," he said, tugging on the chain. Hilde crawled forward into the room, noticing Kjartan was with his two other favorites beside his bed, both marked with the same crossed axes that Hilde now bore on her left cheek. 

"Good. You should call her Three from now on, Sigurd." 

The man nodded. "She does look a Three, Wanderer," he agreed without emotion. 

Kjartan rose from the bed slowly, wearing only his trousers and a ferocious grin. The man holding Hilde's collar smirked, then offered the chain to Kjartan as he neared. After the hand-off, Sigurd bowed once and left the room. 

Kjartan led Hilde to the center of the room, then knelt before her to unclasp the chain from her collar. 

"Did you sleep well?" he asked, sky blue eyes boring through her own. 

Hilde most certainly did not, but she nodded meekly in silent response. She knew not to speak. Hilde had to look away, and found the floor a decent enough sight. 

"I'd like you to meet your new best friends," he said, holding her jaw with a strong grip to force her to look up. He pointed to a long-haired brunette, a trim girl with bruised eyes. "That's One. You might remember her from the town." 

Hilde squinted with anger, recalling the abjuration sorceress who had protected Kjartan from her fireballs. Hilde's head was then forcibly tilted to the side towards a red-head. "And that's Two." Two nodded with a mischevious smile, though Hilde was unsure why. Two had no bruising on her that Hilde was aware of, proving her undeniable servitude to her masters. Hilde's head was then forced to another corner of the room, spying three bowls laid side-to-side. 

"And that's your breakfast. Is there anything else you require?" he asked, Hilde taken aback by the ask. She nodded, looking into his eyes. "You may speak." 

"I need to... pee," Hilde muttered under her breath. Kjartan bellowed with laughter. 

"That should be done in your quarters, Three. But you may use the chamber pot," he said, pointing to a corner of the room with a grin. And so she did, crawling over to it and squatting atop it, Kjartan glaring at her for the entire performance. Her cheeks reddened, and wondered why she still had any modestly left at all. 

Once finished, he curled a finger towards himself, beckoning Hilde to come. She crawled to him on all fours, slowly, so very slowly. Her arms shook, and she did not know what the man would ask of her. 

He knelt before her, placing his hand on her chin and tilted her head. "I need to check on my crew. Your new friends will keep an eye on you, though," he promised. Hilde nodded, and was released, kneeling silently with head downturned until Kjartan left his quarters. 

One spoke as soon as the door was closed. 

"Finally," she croaked, then cleared her throat. She lifted herself from her knees, sitting on the large bed at the end of the room. "Thought we'd have to wait for him to take Three first," she said to the others. 

Hilde found herself tearing up again, remaining on her knees as she glared at the sorceress. "Why... why did you do that yesterday? I could have killed him!" Hilde shouted. "I could have stopped all of this!" 

The woman chortled indignantly. "Like hells you would have, kid. You were all but defeated before I arrived. If anything, you should be thanking me for saving you." 

"Saving me?!" Hilde shouted, rising to her feet with clenched fists. "I would rather die than be stuck here!" One laughed again. 

"Then do us all a favor and toss yourself over the railing, dear," she said coldly, pointing towards the cabin door. 

Hilde fell to her knees. She did seriously contemplate the suggestion for a moment, but she would find no vengeance in the action. 

"It gets easier, Three. Once you just accept it," Two said softly to her left. Hilde shook her head, eyes cast on the floor. 

"My name's not Th... Three, it's Hilde," she whimpered. 

"Perhaps it was yesterday," Two replied calmly, "but it isn't now." 

-- 

Hilde did not converse with the two other women in Kjartan's quarters for the hour he had been away. She instead sat against the far wall, away from them, as the pair rested atop their master's bed without a care in the world. Hilde could not and would not understand their reasoning. 

Hilde had inspected her collar more closely in that hour, and what she found had distressed her. There would be no way to release herself from it's grip without it's key, or perhaps a heavy object to dislodge the fastening bolt. She would need an hour or two alone with a hammer, perhaps, for any chance at freedom. Then, she could burn this vessel down. Along with everyone in it. 

It was a sound plan. Finding said hammer or key shouldn't prove difficult, either, Hilde figured. As long as she could get away from the other two slave sorceresses. The door slammed to the cabin slammed open, derailing her train of thought. Kjartan entered with a lustful gaze in his eye. 

"Three! Present yourself," he roared, shutting the door behind himself. Hilde knew not what that meant, but waddled towards him on her knees. She noticed One and Two immediately hop from the bed as he arrived, and were now resting on their own knees with their arms behind her back. 

Hilde stared up at him expectantly, with hatred in her eyes. 

"Like a dog, Three! On the bed!" 

Hilde almost shook her head before Kjartan raised his fist, and instead ran over to the bed. She trembled as her hands reached for the far end of the mattress, then brought her knees atop the bed as well. Her innocence was now on full display for Kjartan's ruthless mercy, she knew, and at his mercy for his ravagings. 

She clenched her eyes shut, tasting iron in her mouth when she realized she had been biting her tongue. 

"Two! Prepare her for me," Kjartan demanded from behind. Two did not reply, Hilde heard her knees waddling closer. She felt her hands against her legs. 

No! Hilde thought of screaming. Had he known all of her weaknesses? Hilde had been attracted to women for as long as she could remember now, having attended the College of Villjord where only girls are allowed. She had not yet slept with a man. She shivered and whimpered instead of yelling, biting her lip. 

A tickle of wind against her womanhood. Hilde had refused to allow herself to squirm, but did so anyway. Oh gods, please no... 

A pair of soft lips wrapped themselves around Hilde's clit, stimulating her with a lapping tongue. The tongue danced about wetly as a slender finger worked itself between her folds, slowly pushing into her innocence. Hilde dared not moan, but did so anyway. 

"Uhn..." she whimpered as Two's tongue sped up against her button. The finger in her moistening pussy was joined by another, both now pressing down against her walls. Two's tongue worked miracles against her clit as Hilde now bucked against her face ever so subtly, subtle enough that no one but she and her noticed. No! 

Hilde squirmed away from her, panting for air, yet she had no where to go. Two advanced upon her from behind, tickling her clit with her wet tongue as her fingers fucked Hilde's gash with sensual pride. "No... please..." she muttered softly. 

"Hmm," Hilde muttered as the sigh escaped her lips, feeling the heat rising in her groin. A tongue was replaced by a haste vibrating finger against her button, and a tongue lapped at her folds. "No..." 

"Three, no speaking!" Kjartan bellowed from a foot or a mile away. Hilde replaced her cries with just a feebly shaken head. Without her words to save her, she was utterly driven towards a humiliating peak instead. Her hands balled into fists on the mattress, and her body shook with desire. 

Perhaps having a climax atop her face wouldn't be so bad, Hilde thought. At least she would get something out of this terrifying ordeal. 

No! one part of her mind said to the other as she bucked against Two's hand and face. She felt herself rising, her breathing getting shallower, the lights twinkling out in the back of her head... 

"Two, Stop!" Kjartan declared. Two immediately stepped away from the shaking sorceress on the bed. 

"No!" Hilde cried. An ungloved and coarse hand soon met her ass, forcing Hilde's panting body to the bed. She had spoken accidentally, she knew. She pushed herself back up, supporting herself on her hands and knees as lust coarsed through her conscious. 

"Do you want me to take you, Hilde?" 

Absolutely not, Hilde thought as her lust slowly drained from her body and was replaced with hate. 

"You may speak," he added. 

"No," Hilde said softly, a cold smile forming on her lips when the rejection was uttered. She was smacked again on the ass, light enough that she could maintain her degrading position. This barbarian could not break the strongest evoker in Villjord, Hilde knew. 

"That's a shame, Three, as you will be taken regardless," Kjartan declared behind her. He gripped her thighs without her consent, getting into position behind her. Hilde shivered and trembled in his grasp, but he would not see her fear. She hoped. 

If Hilde was to lose her virginity to some barbarian, she could show no fear. 

"Ether take you, Kjartan," Hilde whimpered, eyes clenched shut in preparation for another smack which did not come. Hilde's heart dropped in her chest when she heard his cold reply. 

"It will, Three. In time." 

Hilde's dripping pussy eagerly and traitorously accepted Kjartan's cock as it was presented a moment later. Her folds parted for his girth, her desire swept over her with carnality. She could feel an unignorable pressure inside her cunt as he violated her deeper, only for it to be washed away in an instant. 

Kjartan only laughed, then brought his hands to her ass cheeks, giving them a playful smack as he assaulted her innocence in earnest. Hilde brought a hand to the wooden wall in front of her, squirming as he fucked her. She needed a way out. 

"No, no! Kjartan stop!" Hilde pleaded waiveringly to his thrusts. Her womanhood started to feel tingly, her breaths quickening. Gods... why... 

Hilde felt her body betray her as a degrading orgasm flushed through her, the girl bringing her reddened face to the mattress below as she panted for air. Kjartan continued his attack as she came down from her climax, pounding into her as if she were just another worthless hole, as if created only for this brute's pleasure. She sobbed and sobbed and begged for mercy, wails that fell on deaf ears as Kjartan's cock slammed into her deflowered pussy from behind. 

Hilde opened her eyes a minute later as Kjartan used her mercilessly, spying the thousand knife etchings on the wall she was currently being railed against. Perhaps I am worthless, a girl thought as a tear fell from her eyes. 

Just like all the others.