 Disclaimer: While the story is 100% mine, it all takes place in the universe of Warcraft, which belongs entirely to Blizzard Entertainment. As for the choice in characters, come on, we all find blood elves inherently cuter and more submissive than other races. And I definitely didn't want to give the pleasure of enjoying one to the Alliance, as other writers have.

*

Sherara was about to fade from the heat. While Quel'Thalas was constantly bathed in the rays of the sun as well, the forests of her homeland were lush with life and the air filled with moisture, keeping the elves refreshed. No such luck in the Barrens though. Savanna was the best one could get here, and where Sherara was at now she didn't even have that luxury. Roasting hot desert for miles to come, with a road that was barely visible through all the sand on it. What in the seven hells was she doing here?!

Standing at barely five feet tall, Sherara was short even by blood elf standards. Her hair caught in a backlength horsetail, a few golden locks fell on a cute, sweaty face, complete with a pair of lightly glowing green eyes, a tiny nose and small lips. Her face was about as far as she went with sex appeal though, she sighed to herself in resignation. Nearly flat on both ends, Sherara had already given up on seducing her way to a good life (like many of her friends had done) by the time she came of age, around a year ago. It wasn't all bad though.

Her small, delicate frame, made her ideal for sneaking her way through crowds undetected, lifting pockets as she moved with the torrent. She knew she still needed to work on her reflexes, that were a little slow for a rogue, but she proudly believed she had the general idea down. Picking pockets was the main reason she had travelled to Orgrimaar in the first place, wanting to try her luck away from the guards who were half-glaring at her in Silvermoon. Undercity had also been an option, but attempting to steal from zombies terrified her as an idea, not to mention that she would be trying to steal from thieves way more experienced than she was. In Orgrimaar an orc recruiter had spotted her right away and sent her packing to further the war efforts of the Warsong Front, wherever the hell that was. Except normally people would do that trip with a mount, which Sherara could neither afford, nor ride.

Sherara tried to wipe away her sweat for the fiftieth time that day, only for the leather glove to absorb almost all the moisture and making her sigh in return. Her armor would surely stink by tomorrow. It was already sticky beyond belief, her legs and stomach producing endless amounts of sweat that was being absorbed by her clothes. But such was a rogue's gear, there wasn't much to be done. Unfortunately she didn't have a change of clothes with her and was already broke at this point, so her only chance was to arrive at that Warsong place and loot one of the skimpy bikini armors the night elf peasants wore from a corpse. Of course she blushed at the mere thought of exposing so much skin, but she already imagined she would keep it for her private moments only, like her cursed trip right now, when she couldn't take the heat anymore. All that assuming she wouldn't die from dehydration first though.

After a few minutes of painful walking and mandatory sunbathing, Sherara finally cheered up, or at least stopped frowning. Straight ahead she could see a building, with smoke indicating a lit fireplace coming from the top. It was a typical one-story orc hut, but because of its length, Sherara could guess that it was a tavern. She checked her pockets and managed to find a few coppers. This should be enough to buy her some water and a half-decent meal, but that's as far as it could go. After this, Sherara would have absolutely nothing to eat or drink for the rest of the road to Warsong and she had no idea how far away that was. She shook her head, everything at its time. Mastering whatever strength she had left she started marching for the building.

As she closed-in she saw her hunch was right. Typical wild laughter from various races and some faint bard's music could be heard many feet away from the door, making Sherara's stomach growl in response. She stopped just outside the door before entering, checking herself to see if she was presentable. She looked like crap, but her need for water and food severly lowered her demanded appearance standards at the moment. She opened the heavy wooden door with both hands.

Inside was pretty much what one would expect from a tavern near orc territory. Typically, a bored orc barman was watching his customers roar and throw mugs at each other from a corner while cleaning a glass with a rug himself, because that's what all barmans did. Sherara took a look at the customers herself and shivered. Most of the people around her were wearing trinkets and necklaces that were each more expensive than all her family's belongings combined. Not to mention, all of them looked battle-hardened and determined, in their own ways. A tauren with glowey blue eyes was viciously attacking the meat in front of him that Sherara honestly hoped was not from a cow. His shoulder plates alone were the same width as Sherara's back. In another table four goblins were watching a fifth one (standing on the table for leverage) show off what Sherara realised was dynamite, which he was cheerfully waving around. On another table an orc was punching another orc in a drunken rage while two trolls next to them clapped excitedly. "Quite the barbarians, aren't they...?"

Sherara nearly jumped. She had made sure to avoid all the patrons so as not to cause trouble but the voice she just heard came from right behind her, from a sofa she was sure was vacant. It was a cold and sarcastic voice that echoed slightly, Sherara already guessing which race it belonged to. Turning around she saw an undead, casually drinking beer from a tank with his feet on the table. Most of his lips were missing, revealing rows of razor-sharp teeth that Sherara could swear were transplanted from a shark. His eyes were glowing faintly, staring straight at the girl. That sickly-yellow glow never ceased to terrify Sherara, despite the relatively many undead she had seen walking around SIlvermoon. Moreover the leather was all too familiar to Sherara, though obviously vastly superior from hers. The zombie was a rogue, like her, but that hardly relaxed Sherara. Rogues were by far the most dangerous among the already deadly Forsaken after all.

"C-Can I help you?" Sherara asked, with as polite a tone as possible. "Quite unlikely at your skill level." the undead arrogantly answered. Sherara couldn't brink herself to disagree. Seeing the spiky, skull-decorated armor and the wicked daggers the rogue wielded she knew she would never even come close to the deadly aura the zombie produced. Sherara managed a deep bow and turned to leave. "A piece of advice from a rogue to another:" the undead exclaimed. "In about ten minutes you will consider something. Don't do it. You won't pull it off.". Sherara looked at him confused. "I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about..." An orc, a warrior judging by the huge axes on his back, shouted to the undead with a gorilla-like voice: "Snakeyes stop bullying the girl." The zombie, called Snakeyes apparently, took another sip from his tank, indicating the conversation with Sherara was over. The elf once again gave a slight bow to the undead and the orc who had shouted at them and headed for the bar to order some food.

The orc barman, who Sherara heard called "Thakk", handed her goat milk and beef stew, along with a small salad on the house. Sherara thanked him multiple times as she emptied the last coins from her pocket to pay. Fortunately her stomach didn't let her ponder for long on the new lightness of her pockets, so finding a vacant table near the bar, she shut down and dived into her meal. It didn't take long for her to down the last bite with the milk, and she sank back on her chair, observing the patrons again. Thakk, the barman, kept going from table to table carrying a disk with various drinks for the customers to throw up outside. He was a typical orc fellow, a bit lacking on the muscle part but in no way fat. Sherara recognised him as one of the peons, orcs held lower than warriors in the orc hierarchy, but just as important. At some point whatever supply he must have had behind the bar apparently ended, and Thakk opened a door behind him to what appeared like a supply room before returning with new bottles of beer. That door really got Sherara's attention. The place probably was full of supplies, and it just so happened that Sherara was in desperate need right now.

The undead's words came to mind and the blood elf gasped, then sighed as she grabbed the milk glass with both hands. No matter how good the zombie was at predictions, the fact was that Sherara didn't really have a choice. She looked at the empty salad disk in front of her and her stomach almost turned. She prayed to whatever God was hearing for forgiveness and started taking careful notes of Thakk's route. Her table was the closest to the bar, one easy rush and she would be behind the counter, from where the other patrons wouldn't see her. She pretended focusing on her glass while eyeing the other patrons nervously. For the first time she was glad her proportions were not eye-catching. The patrons didn't seem to pay her much heed. That was except for a pair of yellow eyes that she felt stabbing her back but refused to meet.

Shivering, she saw Thakk leave the bar once more, walking past her. Now was the chance! As much as she wanted to though, her body was not responding. If she was not so focused on the task she would have noticed that her feet were trembling and she was sweating again, but Sherara understood no such thing. Thakk returned with big, clumsy steps to the bar, as Sherara was trying to muster as much courage as she could. She pretended playing with her hair, the milk long since gone and after a few agonizing minutes the barman finally saw a tauren signaling him for two more tanks. As he walked past Sherara, the girl half-crawled half-ran behind the counter, eyes wide open from the tension. For a few seconds she tried to detect any noise indicating someone other than the zombie had seen her, but fortunately no alarm came. Calculating that Thakk still hadn't reached the table at the far end of the tavern, Sherara reached for the doorknob and opened the door a few inches, before rushing inside without looking.

Quietly closing the door Sherara took a long breath. The hardest part was over. From her crouching position, Sherara almost lay to the floor from the exhaustion. She looked around. Tons of dusty shelves, filled to the brim with bottles and food of various qualities, formed raws that created ample spots for hiding. Sherara had already decided not to take anything from the front, so as to avoid the orc finding things amiss when he entered. Quietely crouching to the back rows, the elf inspected the rest of the room. There was a large wooden table at the far end, roughly enough for ten people, that was likely kept for special occasions and parties. Beyond that there was a passage to other rooms with no door in it, Sherara assumed to the barman's bed and a bathroom. The elf did feel a slight temptation to use a bathroom for once, but decided that the slight pressure on her bladder could easily wait a few hours. Thankfully she hadn't much to drink on the way here.

Another quick look and the elf finally found what she was looking for. A small, glassless window that would never fit an orc, but the blood elf could easily squeeze through, probably leading to the back of the tavern. Escape route checked. Now all that was left was supply gathering. Hearing footsteps nearing the door behind her, Sherara panicked, but quickly managed to dash behind some shelves in the far left corner of the room. Just in time, Thakk opened the door, as the elf could tell by the giant boots she was able to see and casually walked to a shelf near her. Sherara was sealing her mouth with both hands, to prevent any voice from escaping. If the orc even suspected she was there she would never manage to sneak past him. In the first place she suddenly realised her plan was stupid. There was of course a chance that he had missed it, but wasn't it likely that finding her table empty, there would be only one logical conclusion as to where she could have gone?

Thakk moved even closer to her position, and now the only thing separating them were a few shelves with bottles. A horrible thought crossed Sherara's mind, and it wrapped around her hard regardless of how much she tried to yank free from it. What if the orc had already spotted her? He could just be playing with her, before beating her senseless. Another thought of being called a thief in front of the patrons started rooting itself right next to the first one. What if she was dragged outside, where the patrons would start shunning her? Sherara was always terrified of public humiliations since she was a child and this looked like the perfect chance for one.

The blood elf felt a small tear roll down her eye. She knew working as a rogue wasn't meant for her. She had been a failure at everything else and history was doomed to repeat itself. She started considering giving up. If she pleaded enough and said she regretted it, she dared hope the barman would let her go. He didn't seem like a bad guy to begin with, so she could probably appeal to his mercy. She imagined being sent back to her parents, the disappointed look on their faces. Yes, that was her alright. While that prospect didn't seem appealing at all, she surely preferred her small, messy room and the scolding of her mother to the danger of the savages all around her. She had tried not to consider it for a while, but most of the people she had seen in that tavern could easily tear her in two. Despite the shame of doing so, she admitted she had no place among them. Another tear rolled down her eye and Sherara finally gave up from the pressure. They were the adults and despite finally being eighteen, Sherara was still and would forever be a child. She started to walk away from the shelf, preparing to plead and ask for forgiveness as hard as she could.

And then she heard the characteristic sound of bottles being moved, the door opening again and of heavy footsteps leading outside. A part of her wanted to collapse right there on the cold stone floor and just wait to be found. Her survival instinct had the first say though, and after a heavy inaudible sigh, she started grabbing small pieces of meat and whatever carriable food she could find and throwing it in her backpack. She didn't take much (there was only so much she could carry anyway), but there was certainly enough for her return trip to Orgrimaar. Screw Warsong, she was heading back home. As she tried to put a second bottle in her backpack, she realised the bottles could be heard crunching with each other. Quickly making sure the barman was still behind the door, Sherara instead filled her flask as much as she could with what she hoped was water and not vodka and returned the second bottle where it was.

Another one caught her eye though. Unlike the rest of the bottles on the shelves, which were all either green, red or transparent, this one was blue and was kept away from from the others. Sherara looked at it curiously. She couldn't carry a second one and wouldn't risk trading the only water she could have for miles with some wine, but her curiosity was still strong. Nothing stopped her from drinking it on the spot, so she took it with trembling hands. It wasn't like she had never drank alcohol before, but she could still count those times with her left hand's fingers. Still though, even with her inexperience she knew that even the wildest of drinks took a while before they started having any effect, and by that time she would already be far away. Her sack was easily squeezable through the window, and so was she.

With trembling hands she opened the bottle and sniffed at the contents. The only odor that she smelled was one of wild-berries that Sherara loved eating ever since she was a child. Without giving it much thought she raised the bottle and started gulping down until her thirst was quenched. The taste was certainly nice, and it felt more like juice than alcohol. By the time Sherara sealed the bottle again about three fourths of its contents were gone and Sherara felt strangely satisfied. She heard the barman moving again, but after a second of silence realised he was moving away from the counter, probably to resupply the patrons. This was her chance. Sherara abandoned sneaking quickly to save time and left her cover. WIth some effort she raised her sack to the window's height and threw it to the other side, from where she heard it hitting the soft ground outside. Good. Mustering all her strength the elf raised herself to the window and got halfway through, smiling to the air of freedom from the far outside.

Her smile was short-lived though, as something grabbed the back of her belt and with overwhelming strength threw her back to the room, head-first. Sherara quickly covered her face with her hands but the landing was still a rough one and she felt her knees scratched, as her sides took most of the hit, hurting uncontrollably. Disoriented she tried to regain her balance and let out a sharp yelp as pressure was put on her feet, forcing her to stay down as two black boots came to view. Terrified, Sherara spent a second wondering how the barman had managed to come back so quickly, she was sure she had calculated it right. The door behind her opened and Sherara saw from her peripheral vision the barman, Thakk, walking into the room, probably alerted by the elf's yelp, looking lost. Sherara turned her attention back the boots in front of her confused and raised her head.

The green skin in front of her also belonged to an orc, but every other similarity with the barman stopped there. The orc in front of her was holding her arms to her sides, the fists squeezing the air with what Sherara could only guess was bone-shattering strength. The boots were leading to long brawn pants, that were held in place by a yellow savage belt, decorated with a small skull in front. Above that the stomach was exposed, revealing really toned muscles the were obviously exercised every day, accompanied by a few battle-scars on the sides that made the whole image even scarier. Above that was a brawn tank top that could barely contain the orc's homungus breasts, with a cut on the cloth giving a very impressive view of the line between the cleavage. And finally, there was a face that betrayed uncontained anger, all directed to the tiny elf lying on all fours on the floor. The face was completed with a large piercing on her nose that on closer inspection appeared to be a beast's tooth,and small sharp-looking tusks coming from the sides of her mouth. The woman's brawn eyes glared at Sherara with such intensity that the elf wanted to cover her face with hands and start crying.

"Is everything alright miss Gelka?" Thakk asked lowly, though he could tell that the scene in front of him was anything but alright. "It's ok Thakk, leave this to me, you just get back to work." the female orc spat calmly, with a tone that sounded to Sherara like an execution order. The barman didn't move. "I'm sure she just got lost boss, give her a rest, she looks young anyw...". Gelka turned her glare to Thakk, and the barman took a step back. If she wasn't scared to death, Sherara would have deeply appreciated the barman's kindness, but all she could think of right now was the woman towering over her. Sherara heard the barman mumbling a "sorry" before opening the door and leaving the room. The sound of the door closing was to the elf the sound of an axe falling.
