 It has been one year since Loki came to earth and took over. The Avengers were unsuccessful in stopping his advances. I was in one of the first towns that fell to him, I volunteered myself as an insider and his own personal slave. Heck, he was very good looking, and I wasn't about to be shackled and put in the dungeon like all the others. I am treated better than most of the slaves, I have fallen into favor in the kings eyes. He lusts for me every night and calls me to his chambers, even though I am a mortal, I do dream of sitting on the throne next to him one day. I would never though let those dreams come to light though, I know to keep my tongue silenced when I am with the king, besides the occasional screams in pleasure.

I stayed in my room, I never was shackled which was a huge relief, the king trusted me enough to keep me unrestrained. It was about 10pm and I was in bed writing in my journal, when a guard came knocking.

"Yes?"

"The king requests your presence."

I threw a robe on and walked to the door. I opened it and was met by the king. This was the first time he had come to my chambers.

"My king." I said as I bowed to him.

"No need to do that, this is just a friendly visit." Loki said in a whisper. "Please follow me."

He took my hand and I followed him down the long hall and out onto a balcony.

"Listen, you know first hand I am not as cruel as most make me out to be. However if I let the mortals to their own devices they will rebel against everyone and incite a war. I would rather be labeled a tyrant than a ruler gone soft."

His words shocked me to the core.

"You seem to be one of the only mortals I can trust." He said as he took off his helmet, his black hair shining in the moonlight.

We never really had this type of connecting moment, our nights were just filled with raw sex.

"What are you thinking about?" He asked me.

"I don't know honestly, you've never been this open and blunt with me before."

"Well would you rather fuck instead?" he said.

I let out a giggle.

"Well, I do enjoy our sex. It is nice though to really connect with you on a level that's more than carnal."

"Stand next to me." he said.

I obeyed, and moved closer to him, folding my arms and leaning on the ledge. He waved his hands and the balcony was filled with duplicates.

"I hate when you do that you know." I said.

All of his duplicates let out a laugh.

"I am the god of mischief after all, what fun is it not to mess with you a little."

I let out a sigh and turned back out to the expanse, looking at the stars.

"Loki, do you ever miss Asgard?"

All of a sudden his duplicates disappeared, I knew I said something wrong.

He appeared all of a sudden behind me, I turned towards him, he put his hand around my neck and lifted me up, almost on the ledge.

"Never ask me that again!"

"My king, I cant breathe."

He huffed and let go of me, I collapsed holding my throat and panting.

"My king, I am sorry."

He put on his helmet and left the balcony. I was left alone with my thoughts. I curled up in a ball and cried. I was sure I was going to be put in the dungeon for this. I wanted to chase him, but I thought it would be better if I let him be, I would be beaten if I followed him, so I went back to my room. I opened the door, and saw the king sitting on my bed. He had changed out of his armor and into his sleep clothes, his helmet was put away, and his hair lay loose on his head.

"Listen, I am sorry I hurt you." he said.

"It was all my fault, I should have not said anything. May I sit next to you, your majesty?" I said.

He nodded in agreement and I made my way to the bed and sat down. I put my hands folded in my lap and stared at the floor. I was never really shy around Loki before. Then again, he never came to my chambers before.

"Oh I just realized how dirty my room was, let me clean it up for your majesty." I said as I tried to get up.

"Its not dirty." he said as he grabbed my waist and pulled me onto his lap.

I looked into his bright blue eyes, I never really had a chance to cherish those eyes, they were amazing, never had I seen them on anyone I ever knew. Then again, he is not like anyone I ever knew. I strange feeling came over me. Something I never felt before. I think I am in love with him.

"Penny for your thoughts." he said.

"Oh nothing, my mind likes to wander."

"Oh good because I was about to kiss you, but you looked a bit vacant"

I threw my arms around him, he kissed me deeply, tracing an outline of my lips with his tongue. He kissed my clavicle, and up and down my neck. He pulled me in closer and ran his hands inside my shirt and up and down my back, tugging at my nightgown. His nails started to dig into my back, he had supernatural strength, I was afraid he would draw blood.

"Loki, Loki, please stop, you're going to draw blood."

He lifted his head,

"Oh I'm sorry, I was caught up in the moment."

He stopped clawing at my back and lifted my nightgown over my head. I was not wearing a bra, and it was a bit breezy so my nipples perked right up. I saw his eyes glisten like they never did before. I've seen his frost giant side before, but this glisten was completely different. It was like the first time we had sex, completely new, and strange. He circled my nipples with his tongue so lightly, I moaned softly. His hands working down my belly and into my panties.

"Loki."

"Yes?"

"Not yet, please?"

He removed his hand from my panties and lay me down on the bed. He climbed on top of me. I ran my hands inside his shirt and up and down his soft back. I untied his shirt and it opened and fell to the floor. I stared momentarily at his chest, it was a lean muscle, but still chiseled. Even though we were on earth Loki still preferred Asgardian clothing. I definitely thought this impractical as I worked unlacing his pants. Loki never liked to wear underwear, I think this was the only practical part of him, and there it was in all its glory, I had seen it almost every night for an entire year, but this time, it was different, I enjoyed looking at it, I enjoyed every inch of it. Before I could reach down for it he motioned no with his hand. He kissed down my belly and slid his hand on each side of my hips, grabbing my panties and taking them off with one swift motion. I could never get used to his swiftness. He slowly spread apart my legs and lowered his head, kissing my thighs and slowly moving onto my clit, his tongue moved in such a fast motion I was close to climax in only a few moments. I felt a tingle in my legs, I was close to climax, when all of a sudden he stopped.

"Loki?"

He waved his hand and it started to snow, inside my room. He never did this before, it was strange, it wasn't all that cold so I just went with the flow. He continued his stimulation of me and I was again close to climax. I moaned so loudly I thought the guards outside the door would hear, then again, why would they care? I can be as loud as I like. My legs started to tingle and I grabbed onto Loki's hair and pulled on it as I came.

"Damnit it Loki. I did not know your tongue could do that."

"Well why do you think they call me silver tongued? Not just because I am a good liar."

"Well, I think its my turn?" I said while winking.

I straddled him kissing every inch of his chiseled body. I took my time kissing his chest and ran my fingers around his nipples, he seemed to enjoy that, his cock was standing at attention, all 9 inches of it. I spent little time making my way down to his cock, my tongue going in circles around his head, he moaned slightly. He was unusually thick, it never bothered me before. I put his entire head in my mouth, angling it back towards me and lowered my head onto his shaft. Honestly in the year I've been with Loki I never tried this before. I was successful and he seemed to love it. I bobbed my head up and down to the sound of his breath, he shivered, grabbed my hair.

"No. Not like that. Up, come to me." he said.

I obeyed, I straddled him, hovering lowly, I would feel the heat from his cock against me. He grabbed my hips, looked me deep in the eyes, and entered me with such a force I thought it would come out my mouth. I arched my back and let out a scream. He held me still and moved his hips up and down, pounding me with a force he never used before. I threw my head back and moaned. In the year I've been with Loki he has never used this much force, even when angry at me. I was beginning to like this. His hands started to quiver, my legs started to shake, and we both let out a loud yell as we both came.

He lay down beside me, as he finished. I began to shiver because it was still snowing inside.

"Oh, I completely forget sometimes that mortals can't take those temperatures like I can."

He waved his hand and the snow stopped and dissipated. He put his arms around me and held me close.

"Better?"

I nodded.