 I awoke at 8am, Loki had already left. I never spent the night with him before, I don't know why things have changed with him. I sat up in bed and turned my legs toward the floor and went to get up out of bed when I noticed a note on my night table.

"I left you an outfit in your closet, please put it on and meet me in the throne room after breakfast"

"Hmm" I thought to myself as I got out of bed and walked over to my closet. I opened it to see a green gown with gold stitching on the sleeves and collar, it was long almost floor length. I took it out of the closet and lay it on the bed. Just as I turned to the dresser to get out some underwear I heard a knock on the door.

"Yes?'

"Breakfast."

"Hold a minute, I need to get dressed."

I threw on a robe and opened the door.

"Thank you Abate." I said as I took a tray from his hands.

It was different from the normal breakfast. The normal was pretty bland oatmeal, some OJ, and some bacon. Today's breakfast was pancakes, OJ, bacon, sausage and some eggs. I was wary of this, I really didn't know what to think of this. First the gown, then the breakfast, what was in store for me today. I ate the breakfast greedily, Loki drained me last night. I took a quick shower and put underwear on. I put on some minimal makeup, Loki never liked me to wear too much. I put the dress on carefully, put on some sandals and walked out the door. I was met by a guard ready to take me to the throne room.

"My king." I said as I bowed.

"My dear Rebecca, please approach."

I walked up towards Loki, he was seated on the throne. After last night I am not sure I can really look at him the same way again, but he is my King, and I will always be his subject. I have realized that my love for my king is more than just a subject, I love him as a person, every single inch of him.

"Rebecca, I am doing a television announcement today, I want you to be at my side."

I was thrown aback by this. He never has done this before.

"My King, I shall be happy to oblige. However may I speak bluntly?"

He nodded.

"My King, why are you acting this way? Just last week you threw me against the wall and now you are asking me to be by your side? I cant help but be a bit taken aback by this."

His eyes opened widely and glistened a bright yellow.

"Rebecca, why do you question my actions?" he said as he rose.

He walked towards me, this staff clanking loudly on the floor.

"Guards, leave us."

All the guards turned and left the room.

"Listen to me closely. You are the only constant in my life, I feel no need to lie to you, no need to manipulate you. You have always been there, you have always been my real right hand I want to start treating you as such."

He pulled me in close and whispered in my ear.

"Rebecca, I love you."

"GUARDS YOU CAN RETURN." He shouted.

All the guards walked back inside in formation.

"The broadcast is about to start, stand right here on my left." He pointed to the side of throne.

I got into position and Loki sat back on the throne. The red light on the camera went on and the broadcast was on its way.

"My loyal subjects, I would like to introduce you to my right hand woman, Rebecca." I curtsied at the camera.

"You will be loyal to her as you are are to me. I would like to make this official in front of the world. Rebecca, bow before me."

I did as such.

"Rebecca, I hereby free you from your bondage and your enslavement." I looked up at Loki with tears in my eyes. He banged his staff into the floor and glow came from my head, floated above me and flew away.

"Thank you all for your time."

and the red light went off. I broke down in tears.

"Loki, I am speechless."

"Listen Rebecca, my love, I have prepared a feast tonight in honor of you. I have many things planned for you, trust me on this. Now, back to your room and pack. I will be moving you."

I walked slowly towards my room, wiping the tears from my face. I was completely shocked, I really didn't know what was going on.

"M'lady." Abate said bowing slightly. "Just yell for me when you have packed your trunk, I shall take it to your new room."

"Where is my new room by the way?"

"The king has not told you? It is the room next to his, the one that has been vacant since this palace has been built."

I covered my mouth in shock. I was speechless. I let out a breath, tried to keep my composure and went into my room and packed my things.

"Abate!" I yelled.

"Yes M'Lady?"

"I am finished."

"Alright, follow me then."

I followed Abate down the hallway, and up a large staircase. We walked down a long hall and stopped in front of golden double doors. Abate opened the doors and before me stood a king sized bed, adorned with green and gold sheets. Everything in the room was green and gold, I loved it.

"Put the trunk just near the door, thank you Abate"

Abate put the trunk next to the door, bowed to me and left. I walked slowly around the room taking everything in. There was a note on the bed with some candies.

"My love, there in the closet is an entire new wardrobe, mostly of Asgardian clothing, a few nightgowns and formal gowns. Please wear the dress in the dry cleaning bag to the feast tonight."

I smiled and put the note down on the night stand. I took the candies onto my lap as I sat on the bed. I opened the box and it was empty.

"Hmm, why is it empty?"

I pulled the plastic container out of the box and there was a note at the bottom.

"Ha Ha He He! Later on I shall give you a sweet surprise."

I let out a little giggle. 'Oh Loki' I thought to myself, I knew this day wasn't going to be all lights, and showy things. Whats all the fun in that, he just had to play a little trick on me.

I took off my gown and hung it in the closet near tonight's gown. I wasn't quite ready to see that gown, since I was assuming it was more extravagant than this mornings. I decided to throw on a pair of black shorts, and a green shirt, I threw on a cloak with a hood and headed out the doors. I wanted to wander around a little before tonight's feast. I threw my hood on before anyone noticed me and went onto the balcony at the end of the hall. I crossed my arms and leaned on the railing. I reminisced, about life before Loki.

I had a dead end job flipping burgers at the local Burger King, I had a boyfriend, he had a drinking problem and we constantly fought. I broke up with him the night before Loki landed on earth. I knew volunteering myself would save my life, and get myself far away from him. I hid out in the basement of the Burger King when all the fighting went on, when I didn't hear any more fighting I came out from the basement and saw bodies littered on the streets, including my recent ex-boyfriend. I saw a few soldiers walking the streets looking for live persons, which I came to learn later would be slaves. They came upon me and I asked to see the king, I volunteered myself as a personal slave to the king, originally they laughed at me, but the king saw something in me that no one else did. I wasn't exactly good looking, I was 5 foot 4, around 150lbs, blond hair and green eyes, I had a feisty attitude which got me into a lot of trouble the first few months. The guards never beat me, it was always Loki handing out my punishments, he really didn't want the guards laying a hand on me. Why was I so special?

There was a soft breeze that came through the palace, knocking my hood off. I felt an unusual sensation like the wind was coming from below instead of side to side and all of a sudden, there was a shower of flower pedals, covering the entire palace. It was like snow, insanely pretty, I knew Loki was behind this, he was definitely up to no good. I few had fallen into my hair and I raised my hand to pick them out when a hand came and stopped me. I knew it was Loki, by the softness of his hands.

"Loki, stop it. I need to get those out."

"You know me a bit too well my dear, you realize that."

"You trickster, I know your handy work anywhere. I may be only mortal, but I am observant."

Loki let go of my hand and I brushed my hair with my fingers, letting all the pedals fall to the floor, I saw Loki flick one of his fingers and the pedals changed into frogs.

"Damnit how many times have I told you I hate frogs? You are really toying with me today."

"Just a bit of fun really."

"Well there mister trickster, I am getting famished and I need to get dressed for the feast."

I bowed to Loki and set off towards my room. I turned back for a split second and he was gone.

"Typical." I said as I got to my doors. I opened both doors in one swift motion, they seemed a lot heavier before when I left. I saw a black raven perched on my bedpost.

"Hmm, Loki I know that's you." I said.

"Bah you are no fun!" he said as he transformed back.

"Loki, Loki, Loki, my dear Loki, you can only repeat tricks so many times because I catch on you know."

"Well, I need to invent some new tricks then."

I walked over to the closet and hung up my cloak, my back towards Loki. I knew I shouldn't have done that, knowing Loki he would turn into a giant centipede or something. I turned back towards Loki, he wasn't there.

"I really hate when he does that."

"Hate what?" a voice came from behind me

"Damnit Loki! You really need to stop surprising me, when I get older you will give me a heart attack."

Loki let out a chuckle.

"Hmmph!" I said as I walked away from him.

"REBECCA, As your king I demand you to come back."

I turned back around.

"Well your majesty, your wish is my command." I said bowing to him, a hint of sarcasm in my voice.

"Don't use that tone with me." he said, his face crinkled and pouting.

"I am sorry."

"Now as your king, I demand you to remove your clothing."

"Yes my king." I said as I started to remove my shirt.

"Slower." he said.

I removed my shirt one sleeve at a time and pulled it over my head, exposing the bra I had worn this morning.

"Now, off with the pants." He said flicking his wrist.

My body started to vibrate and I started to lift up in the air. He was wiggling his fingers and my pants started to unbutton, I felt powerless to his magic I wasn't sure if I liked this.

"Loki, I really need you to put me down and let me do it myself, you were never a patient person you know."

He flicked his wrist again and I went flying onto the bed, I was paralyzed I couldn't move. He wiggled his little pinkie and ropes sprang out from under the bed, wrapping around my legs and arms, holding me down in place, arms out to my sides and my legs spread.

"Loki, stop this. You know I really don't like you tying me down."

"Hey I'm just having a little bit of fun. Don't be a buzzkill."

He let out a sigh as he waved his hand and the ropes dissipated. I tried to get up but was still paralyzed.

"Loki." I huffed

"Fine." he waved his hand.

I started to sit up from the bed, I was completely naked and he was fully clothed.

"No fair, you still are clothed."

I walked up to him, he was sitting low in a chair, his legs apart. I wedged myself between them.

"Now, are you just going to stare or are you going to do something about it?" I said

"Well since you asked."

He moved his finger slightly and a riding crop appeared in his hand.

"Now, bend down, over my knee."

I obeyed and lay down across his lap. He lifted the crop, smacking my bare ass with it. I squealed in pain, I enjoyed this. Loki himself never liked me spanking him, but he sure found out quick that I loved to be spanked. He spanked me several mores times before I begged him to stop, my ass was sore.

"Now, get up." he demanded.

I struggled to get up since my ass was so raw. Loki followed suit, he stood in front of me, looking down into my eyes. He put his hand on my shoulder, caressing it moving towards my neck, he started to run his hand through my hair, he always complimented me on my hair. He gave me the little evil smirk he gives me before he does something bad. I was right he was up to no good. He yanked my hair making my head go upwards towards his.

"Loki, that hurts."

"Stop complaining. Do you want me to spank you again?"

I shook my head.

"On the bed." he said point towards it.

I obeyed like the minion I was. He started to strip himself of his armor, first his cape, then his chest plate, followed by his undergarments. He now stood stark naked in front of me. I took in the sight of him. He was fully erect already, it was huge even from far away. Loki started to walk towards me, he crawled onto the bed, slowly kissing his way up my body until he met my lips. He kissed me deeply and passionately, our tongues intertwined. I could feel his manhood on my leg, it was throbbing and ready for me. I pushed Loki off me, which surprised me since he was so much stronger than me. I climbed on top of him, put my hands on his chest and lowered myself onto him. He moaned slightly. I leaned into his face, kissing him lightly on the lips. I ran my hands through his hair, giving it a soft tug as I bounced up and down on his cock. He moaned louder and loud as I went fast and faster.

"Stop!" He demanded

So I did. He threw me off him. I almost fell off the bed.

"On all fours."

He sat up and climbed behind me. He grabbed my already sore ass and gave it a good smack. I screamed.

"Damnit." I said.

"Shush and take it."

He grabbed my hips and entered me, I threw my head back, dear lord this felt so good.

"Loki, fuck me harder."

"Will do ma'am."

He pounded me almost as hard as I could, if he was not hold me I would have hit the headboard. His moaning was louder than before, as was mine. My legs started to shake and spasm, I let out one yell and came, my pussy pulsating and spasming. He let out a low groan and came inside me. He let go of me and collapsed onto the bed. My legs gave way and I collapsed next to him.

"Well now, I think its about time we showered eh?" he said.