 Loki waved his hands and his disappeared. I let out breath.

"Well shit. How the fuck am I supposed to sit at the feast now."

I gathered up a new pair of panties and a bra from my trunk, since I didn't put anything away yet. I grabbed the dress and put it on the bed, plastic intact. I went into the bathroom, which was already filled with lotions and soaps. I got into the shower which was nice and hot. I washed every square inch of me, reluctantly since I didn't want to wash him off me. I got out of the shower and threw a towel on me and my hair. I looked at myself in the mirror. Was this the face of Earth's new queen? I wasn't entirely sure. I threw on my panties and bra and took the towel off my head.

"How to style my hair? Hmm I haven't even looked at the gown yet."

I decided on putting my hair in a loose braid with strands of pearls in it. (I had seen a infomercial about it a few years ago) I blew dry my hair and lay it loose on my head. When I finished I walked out of the bathroom and to the bed.

"The moment of truth." I thought

I unzipped the plastic bag and saw this dress, it was mostly a dark green, with intricate gold stitching around the top and down near the waist, it was strapless with a corset top that laced up. It came with a matching cloak. I didn't take it out of the plastic though so I couldn't see the complete length of it quite yet.

"Well I am going to need help getting into that." I said.

Just as those words left my mouth there was a knock on my door.

"Yes?"

"M'Lady your slave has arrived. Go easy on her."

Slave? I have my own slave now? I was the kings slave for a year and now I have my own personal slave. Interesting concept.

"Come in." I said

This woman, with piercing yellow-ish eyes, long black hair, about 5'9 and about 120lbs walked in, I recognized her, and then it hit me.

"Natasha?"

"Oh my gods, its you!"

I rushed over to her and gave her a hug.

"I thought I would never see you!" We said in unison.

"The king summoned me here all the way from Australia, I didn't know why until this morning, well Abate told me to help you dress, so shall we get to it?"

"Indeed." I said.

I hung the dress on the closet door and took the plastic off. The bottom of the dress fell to the floor, it has the same gold trimming as the top, I could tell it had a train, normal dresses don't flow like that.

"M'Lady, that is one beautiful dress."

"It sure is."

I took it off the hanger and unlaced the corset top. I stepped into it.

"Hmm, it doesn't seem I really need a bra then?" I asked Tash.

"You may be right." she said.

I took off my bra and pulled the dress up the rest of the way, I held the dress in place while Tash pulled the lacing tight. It definitely hugged all my curves.

"My Lady, if I may be so bold. Is it not true that you are in fact mortal and King Loki wishes you to rule by his side as Queen for all time? Would that not be difficult considering you ARE in fact mortal?" Tash said, it totally came from left field. 

I grew angry with her. I swung my arm around and slapped her across the face, she fell to the floor. Surprisingly that felt good, I had been beaten for a year by Loki, it kind of felt good to smack someone for once.

I walked over to the dresser and opened up the jewelry box on top. I pulled out a necklace, it was studded with emeralds, with two larger ones in tear drop shapes at the center.

"Perfect, Tash come and help me put this on."

Natasha came towards me and clasped the necklace around my neck. I put my hand to it and looked at myself in the mirror. I took Tash's words to heart honestly. I AM only a mortal. I mustn't think of those things, this is my day.

"I think I am done. How do I look?"

"Amazing my lady. But aren't you missing some makeup?"

"Oh shit you're right."

I decided to put on my own makeup, I took out a palette of eyeshadow, picked out a light green shade and put it on my eyelids. Now I felt complete. I turned away from the mirror and walked to the closet to get the shoes for tonight. They were a pair of gold sandals, they had a note in them.

"I know you don't like heels, but Id love you in these."

I let out a sigh as I slipped into them. Now my look was complete. I threw on my cloak which matched the stitching on my dress, it only fell about waist length, enough just to cover my shoulders. Tash grabbed the door and pushed it open.

"M'Lady you look amazing if I may say."

"Thank you Abate."

"Tash you are excused I can walk myself to the hall."

I was completely nervous, I really didn't know who was going to be there, why they were there, and if I was going to enjoy being the center of attention. Well, all that didn't matter now as I arrived at the hall, I could hear the party was already in full swing.

"The King has asked that you wait for him to arrive."

I waited around for maybe 15 minutes before the king arrived. He was wearing a mostly black leather button up jacket with hints of green in the coattails, leather pants, and calf high leather boots. He was not wearing his helmet, his hair partially slicked back, a few loose strands falling on his face. He looked insanely handsome today, more so than I have ever seen him.

"Wow, you are so beautiful." he said to me.

"I feel beautiful, you are quite dashing yourself."

"Well shall we?" he said

We heard a loud bang come from the hall, and the hall went silent.

"His majesty and the Lady Rebecca."

The doors opened and we walked in. The entire room bowed to us. Loki's staff banged on the floor with every step, the entire room was covered in green with every step. We walked up to the table in the front of the room and we turned toward them.

"Let the party commence."

Loki and I parted ways and went around the table in opposite directions and met back in the middle. We took our seats, wine and food were placed in front of us. I wasn't entirely sure if I would eat with this dress so tight. I managed to eat as much as I could. There was so many people, dancing and being merry. Myself I was a bit unhappy, I was insanely bored.

"Loki, I am bored. I want to go dance."

"Be patient I have something planned."

Loki waved his hands and both of us reappeared behind out chairs. Clones in our places.

"Lets go." he said grabbing my hand.

I let out a good giggle as we exited the room behind the curtains. We made our way to the throne room, the most secluded and quiet place in the entire palace.

"Well, you said you wanted to dance, you have the entire place to yourself."

I smiled widely, I could hear the music coming from the hall in the distance. I twirled around I felt so free. Loki sat on the throne looking at me.

"She is so free, she reminds me of mom. Mother knew what I was, who I was, and she still loved me with all her heart, much like Rebecca does. I am just a man to her, shes seen me at my worst, and at my best, I've beaten her, belittled her, even raped her at one point, but she still loves me unconditionally.'

I stopped twirling and looked up at Loki.

"Penny for your thoughts?" I said.

"Oh, nothing I was just watching you."

"You seemed distant."

"I'm OK." he said as he rose.

He walked toward me.

"May I have this dance?" he said extending his hand. 

I grabbed his hand and he pulled me in close. He put his hand on the small of my back, and grabbed my hand with the other. We twirled and danced around the room. He dipped me one last time and kissed me deeply. He pulled me back up and pulled me in closer. He ran his hands in between the lacing on my dress, caressing my skin. This gave me goosebumps. He ran his hand up my back, and pulled at the lacing of my dress, loosening it enough for it to fall to the floor. I stand there nearly nude, I reached my hands up to his chest and undid his buttons. Letting his jacket fall off his shoulders and onto the floor. Loki stepped out of his boots and I fiddled with the buttons on his pants. He decided this day to go commando, so his glory was exposed to the air as his pants fell. He grabbed my hand and lead me toward the throne. He sat down, wincing at the cold of the metal. I stood in front of him, he set with his legs apart, typical for him.

"Panties, off." he said motioning to me.

I obeyed and there I stood, for the first time, naked in the throne room, all alone with the king. He motioned to me to come to him. He closed his legs and grabbed my hand and pulled me onto him. I threw my arms around him, and lowered myself onto him, the throne was so cold, my nipples perked up, Loki played with them with his thumb and index finger. We bobbed up and down in sync I arched my back in sheer pleasure. I felt the urge to scream, but I knew it would echo throughout the room. I bit my lip and dug my nails into Loki's back. He loved when I did that because he went faster and deeper.

"Damnit Loki, kiss me I'm coming." I said as I kissed him deeply, biting onto his lip.

"Shit, fuck, I'm coming." he said soon after as he bit down onto my collarbone.

"Hey that'll leave a mark." I said as I climbed off of him.

He just shrugged, I gathered my dress up and slipped it back on. Loki helped lace me back up.

"Its about time we got back eh?" I said.

"Yes, things should just about be winding down."

We snuck back into the room, replacing our clones which disappeared as we secretly sat back down. Loki stood up and banged his staff in the floor. The entire room went silent.

"Ladies and gentlemen, as you all know Rebecca is my right hand woman, most of you do not know however that I love her with all my heart. I know you think 'how can such a ruthless ruler like him love someone?' well, now you know your answer. This woman, started out as my slave. Yes I beat her, like most slaves, yes I have done things to wrong her, but she honestly and legitimately loves me, I see it in her beautiful eyes, OK now back to my announcement. Rebecca please rise."

I did as such.

"You are my light in a dark place, I would be honored if you would be my Queen."

I teared up as he materialized a very large diamond ring with emerald accents.

"Of course." I said as I gave him a hug. The entire room erupted in applause.