 Author's Note: This story has some overtones of Non-Consent, it involves oral and regular sex with a non-human. Enjoy!

* * * * *

Chryssa was not one of the weak girls who ran screaming when the Lickens came to her home planet Terra. She stood beside her brothers and her father, grabbing one of the swords and running into the fray; if she had been closer to the forest she would have run into there, but trying to run through the village away from the Lickens was to make herself an easy target. 

Out of the corner of her eye she could already see three Lickens converging in an alley, what looked like a human female leg kicking out from underneath them as they fell atop their victim. Screams and cries for help were heard throughout the village, ignored because everyone in the fighting ranks knew that their only hope was to stay close together and fight off the aliens until they left.

Chryssa's youngest brother Jed was wounded, hit in the head and then pulled into the mob of Lickens, if he survived being passed through their ranks then he would be taken and sold at the gladiator rings of Marinka. She blinked back tears, knowing that she would never see him again, her anger and frustration adding to her fighting fury.

Only the aristocracy ever left Terra and they never paid the ransom fee for someone not in their family. Everyone on Terra had heard the rumors that the aristocracy allowed the occasional Licken raids in return for galactic treats not normally available for humans. Looked upon as the lowest race, because of the many wars that caused them to desecrate their planet and population, humans were often at the mercy of the other aliens in the Galactic Circle. However, they were much prized for their fighting abilities and their sexuality... human females were considered exotica for alien males, and sometimes the human males just as much so.

Lickens were among the most humanoid of aliens, but much larger, and possibly the most violent species outside of humans. They didn't mind killing, although they did prefer to capture being mercenary and recognizing the value of live slaves over dead bodies. Most other alien species abhorred killing, and so the Lickens were the obvious choice for the occasional raids on Terra.

Suddenly, Chryssa realized that she was becoming separated from the rest of the fighters, the strange, large greenish bodies of Lickens were pressing into her on either side. Rallying, she tried to retreat, to step back into the gang of humans... but they outflanked her on the right and she cried out with anger as her sword shattered in her hands. Trying desperately to stab with the broken piece of metal, she felt the sting of an electric wand on the back of her neck and she fell.

* * * * *

Chryssa awoke, feeling uncomfortable on the hard surface that she was lying on. At least it wasn't cold, she'd been stripped completely naked - and looking down at herself she realized that all her body hair had been shaved off as well. Tears fell from her eyes as she touched the collar around her neck with her fingers... it was a slave collar, malleable and movable until she did something wrong, and then it would tighten down on her neck and choke her. To teach her. Like someone would teach a dog.

Anger filled her heart and she screamed her fury, suddenly standing and pounding on the walls of her prison. There was no visible door, and the pain in her hands from the hard walls helped to clear her head. She exhausted herself, screaming and hitting at the walls, until she slumped in the corner and began to sob. 

Only then did a door appear, in the wall farthest from her, and it opened to the grinning face of a Licken. Chryssa moaned, trying to push herself back as the collar tightened down on her throat, just enough to constrict her intake of air without actually choking her. Enough to keep her from fighting back as it pressed a syringe to her arm and injected her with something, because she was too busy concentrating on breathing.

She shuddered as a hot fire swept through her body, the slave collar loosening as the Licken smile, just watching her. Angered at its pleasure in her discomfort, Chryssa stood and lunged at the alien, meaning to knock it down, knock it aside, cause it some kind of pain.. Instead she found herself pressed against its much larger body, her hands pressed against its shoulders and its mouth pressed against hers.

The hot bulge pressing against her groin as it gripped her ass told her that this Licken was not an "it", this Licken was very much a "him". She cried out angrily, kicking against him as he ground himself into her, but at the same time she felt a shuddering jolt of pleasure run through her body as he kneaded her ass with his large hand. His tongue pressed into her mouth, big, filling her entire mouth as she sobbed against him, caught between wanting to fight and wanting to spread her legs to him.

Then she realized, the stuff he'd injected into her arm, it had been an aphrodisiac! 

Moaning against him, she tried to fight back harder as his fingers slipped from her ass to her already dripping pussy. The Licken made contented noises as he swirled his finger in her juices and then began to press his finger into her. Chryssa shrieked at the invasion, the first thing to ever enter her body in such a manner. It felt so awful and yet so wonderful at the same time.

The Licken moved his mouth away from hers, letting her cries of protest and pleasure fill the room as he moved his lips to her erect nipple, biting down on the cherry bud as he twisted his finger inside of her. Chryssa moaned, wriggling in his grip as the assault on her body combined with the chemicals of the drug he'd given her began to take over her senses. She wasn't even sure she wanted to fight anymore. 

Slowly the Licken moved them down to the ground, inserting a second finger into her body as its mouth licked down her stomach with it strange, roundish tongue. Chryssa looked down the length of her to see his mouth covering her pussy, and then the fingers were gone and his stiff purple tongue was sliding up and down between her folds. She gasped, the sensation was amazing, intoxicating, and her hands pressed against the Licken's round hard head, although she was unsure of whether she was pushing him away or trying to pull him into her. Then his tongue slid inside of her and her hands convulsed, Chryssa cried out passionately as waves of pleasure swept over her, a fiery crest that she rode with cries of ecstasy. Her eyes closed, her surroundings forgotten, she screamed her pleasure to the four walls, shuddering with the wondrous release.

A sudden sharp pain brought her back to her senses, and she opened her eyes to see the Licken above her, his manhood replacing his tongue at the juncture of her thighs. Groaning with the strange feeling of being opened up, Chryssa's back arched. The aphrodisiac was still coursing through her blood though, and it eased the pain of her defloration. She shuddered as his blunt head rubbed against her g-spot, nuzzling deep inside of her and making her tighten around him.

The Licken returned to suckling on her breasts as he began to rut, his hips moving back and forth and pressing against her splayed thighs. Chryssa gasped and writhed as her body adjusted to the invasion, finding pleasure in the adjustment. She began to move against the Licken, her hips thrusting upwards, searching for that searing pleasure again.

It was growing inside of her, she could feel it, a burning need, a fire that needed to be quenched. Her hands clutched at the rippling muscles on the alien's back as she gasped and writhed, the Licken pulled away from her breasts and pressed its tongue into her mouth again as her moans began to grow. The thick tongue invaded her mouth, but this time Chryssa didn't mind at all, she was too engrossed in her body's pleasure, the feel of hands sliding up and down her body, her legs, and the ever present movement inside of her.

She shuddered and gasped, her body clenching and twisting beneath the Licken as she began the second climax of her life. The Licken grunted and plunged into her, rutting harder and harder, sending Chryssa on a screaming wheel of pleasure as her pussy was stretched over and over again. 

Her orgasm stretched and stretched until she thought she was going insane with the pleasure, exhausted she lay beneath the Licken, occasionally twitching or moaning as he continued to pleasure himself in her orifice. As orgasms hit her, she would cry out, writhe, her hands pushing against the Licken's broad chest, feeling that she couldn't take anymore... and he would just continue, hard and steady.

Finally, just when she thought she might pass out from exhaustion and over-stimulation, the Licken made a grunting noise and rapid-fire thrust into her body five times... Chryssa screamed as he swelled inside her, feeling impossibly large... and then fluid gushed into her body, making her shake in a kind of echo of her previous orgasms. She could feel his member pulsing inside of her, filling her body with semen that would find no hold, and she shuddered as her pussy contracted around him.

When the alien was done, he licked her throat and pulled out of her, leaving her spread eagle and dripping on the floor. Chryssa was so tired she just lay there as the door opened and another Licken came in. The two Lickens talked softly, their voices on the edge of her mind as she began to drift into slumber.

She didn't know that they were talking about her future, or where she was to be sold. And as Chryssa slept, the ship changed course from the gladiator rings of Marinka to the pleasure planet of Lilith.