 Author's Note: This story contains some exhibitionism/voyeurism and sex with a non-human. Enjoy!

* * * * * *

Chryssa stood nervously as the Matron of Exotica encircled her. Exotica was the highest-priced pleasure house on Lilith, although Chryssa didn't know that. She shivered as the strange woman touched her, lifting her heavy breasts and running her fingers into Chryssa's pussy. She squirmed a little, but immediately stopped moving as the slave collar tightened a bit, closing her eyes to try and hide her discomfort at having this alien woman's hands in her body.

Matron was not a species at all familiar to Chryssa, she almost looked like the pictures that Chryssa had seen of walrus' on Terra, her flat grey wrinkled face, and her roundish body... she moved in a lumbering way that Chryssa found almost threatening. Matron turned and said something to the Licken's in their own tongue, her fingers still wriggling in Chryssa's pussy. They laughed and responded, and Matron's fingers left Chryssa's pussy and pushed against her anus, causing her to shriek and try and pull away, the slave collar was near to choking her before she'd be still.

Apparently satisfied by Chryssa's reaction, Matron pulled away.

"She is satisfactory, although she will need to be trained," Matron said, in Standard so that Chryssa could understand her. Chryssa wondered what training would entail.

"Ah, but she's a natural," The Licken who had deflowered Chryssa said, his platinum teeth gleaming as he grinned wide. 

Matron sniffed, "We'll have my husband, Rivex, test her then, you can bargain with him afterwards." Walking to the doorway, she gave a strange barking call as the Licken who had deflowered Chryssa pressed the syringe to her arm. She shuddered as burning sensation of the aphrodisiac swept through her, her pussy beginning to wetten as a round male lumbered through the door.

Despite the effects of the aphrodisiac on her body, Chryssa couldn't help but stare in disgust and dismay at this sight. As grey and wrinkled as Matron, Rivex had a long horny chin. As he stared at the naked human female, starting to grin, the horn-like chin began to rise and Chryssa realized that his chin was actually his male organ. She couldn't help but back away as he came forward.

Matron barked a question at the Lickens who just laughed and pushed Chryssa forward and into Rivex's arms. Grinning, he pulled her chin down to open her mouth and pushed his shaft between her lips, staring directly in her tearing eyes as she was forced to accept the strange organ. His rough hands palmed her body, squeezing various portions of her flesh... to her shame the aphrodisiac was working quickly and this strange alien was causing the same wonderful sensations that the Licken had. 

She moaned around the shaft in her mouth as her nipples hardened beneath the rough palm of the alien, his other hand gripping her firm buttock. Then he pulled from her mouth and pushed her down to the floor, spreading her thighs with his hands. Chryssa watched in trepidation as he placed his shaft at her entrance way and began to push in... although it was located in what she found to be a strange place on his body, it felt just as good as it began to stretch open her pussy. Chryssa gasped and moaned, shuddering a little as she was filled up.

Aware of the watching Matron and Lickens, Chryssa moaned and closed her eyes against her shame, writhing on the chin of this strange alien. She gasped as he pushed all the way into her and began licking at her clit as he thrust in and out. The licking of her clit while a shaft was pushing into her pussy was a completely new sensation, and her hands gripped the carpet beneath her as she writhed in abject pleasure. Not even knowing that others were watching hampered her experience, the sensations were absolutely exquisite.

Her fingers digging into the floor, Chryssa writhed on the strange alien's cock, her thighs spread and quivering as she moaned and gasped, her body heaving up and down as it fucked her, tonguing her clit at the same time. Planting her feet, she lifted herself up a little bit, trying to get even better access, feeling the shaft go deeper inside of her.

Pushing all the way, the alien took her clit in its mouth and sucked hard... Chryssa's body crashed to the floor as she screamed her ecstasy, shaking and convulsing in completely abandon as the pleasure crashed over her. She sobbed with the intensity of it, her clit engulfed by a sucking mouth and her pussy completely full.

As her orgasm faded, Rivex turned her over on his cock, so that she was on all fours, her breasts shaking as he began to plunge in and out of her. She stiffened as his tongue licked her anus now instead of her clit, revolting... and yet it felt strangely good. The little nerve endings tingled as he lapped at her crinkled star, never ceasing the thrusting in and out of her sensitive channel.

To her surprise, she could feel the fire beginning to kindle anew, touching even her ass this time as Rivex licked at it. She moaned, his shaft touching new places inside of her body with this new position, feeling strange and yet familiar as it rubbed against her walls. Chryssa put her head down on her forearms, her ass high in the air to continue receiving Rivex's attentions. From far away, she wondered what it looked like, this strange alien fucking her with its chin, his tongue pushing against her anus which she practically presented him.

Slowly the mounting pleasure took over such thoughts, driving them from her mind. Her breasts shook with each thrust, they got harder and harder and Chryssa began to moan again, her voice getting louder as she neared climax. Rivex reached it first, and he plunged fully into her pussy, his member pulsing inside of her as his tongue thrust into the tight confines of her ass. Chryssa gasped at the slimy intrusion, both her holes tightening down as she began to orgasm, the strange sensations pushing her over the edge of her pleasure.

She slumped, her ass presenting itself as Rivex pulled away, panting slightly. Thick globs of grey cum slid down her thighs as she quivered, unsure of whether or not to move.

Rivex said something to the Lickens and they moved to the other room to bargain for Chryssa as Matron pulled the girl to her feet. 

"Let's get you washed up and I will show you your room." Matron stepped forward with confidence, completely sure that her newest slave girl would follow her. Tiredly, Chryssa trotted along after Matron, feeling the sticky fluid of Matron's husband sliding down her thighs.