 The room Matron had prepped for Chryssa and Lord Plath was stunningly gorgeous. The gigantic bed was practically festooned with pillows, the dark, rich reds and silky blacks of the fabrics making it look both imposing and seductive. It was a scene set for sex, willing or no. 

Although, right now, Chryssa was feeling very willing.

The spanking Lord Plath had given her had been surprisingly arousing, especially when combined with his caresses and agile fingers in her pussy. She desperately needed to cum. He, of course, already had. The sweet taste of his cum still lingered on her tongue. 

By the time they reached the room, his cock was already a bulge at the front of his pants again. Matron gave him a gracious nod before shutting the door behind her on her way out. Chryssa wasn't sorry to see the large alien go. Matron's disapproving looks were killing her buzz. Not that Lord Plath even seemed to notice her; the front of his pants were bulging again with that strange cock, and he walked quickly over to the bed, pulling off the tunic he was wearing as he went.

It was the first time Chryssa was seeing more of his body than just his cock, and it was an impressive body to behold. He was muscled very nicely, his shape very similar to a human male's, although the pale green of his skin made it impossible to forget he was anything but. Stripping off his pants, he turned to sit on the bed, completely naked, his cock bobbing in front of him like a long stalk with a fat plum on the end of it. 

Chryssa just stared at him, unsure of what she was supposed to do now. The Licken raised his eyebrows in amusement. 

"Come little Terran, take off your dress and pleasure me."

"My name is Chryssa," she said, with a bit of emphasis. She was getting tired of being called "little Terran." It didn't sound insulting, but it wasn't exactly complimentary either. She was her own person. 

"Chyrssa," he said, smiling a bit in amusement. His hand wrapped around his cock and stroked it, a surprisingly erotic sight that hit her right between the legs. Only a male with the self-assuredness and confidence of Lord Plath could pull off making something like that look sexy. "Take off your dress and come pleasure me. I'd like to explore that pretty pink slit between your legs."

Truthfully, Chryssa was rather eager to have him explore it as well. Strangely, even though they were of the same species, Lord Plath didn't really remind her of the Lickens that had captured her. They had been completely different in personality from him. Not that she'd seen all that much of them, and she had been drugged for part of the time, but still. She definitely hadn't been attracted to them. There was no denying that she was definitely attracted to Lord Plath, even if part of her didn't want to be aroused by the swaggering, cocky, arrogant male. 

She undid the belt around her waist as she walked slowly towards him, before reaching up to undo the clasps holding the fabric at her shoulders. The silky stuff slithered to the floor, leaving her completely bare, her nipples pink and tightly budded, as she came within reaching distance of him.

Biting her lip, she looked at him almost shyly. "What do I do now?" 

A pleased smile grew across his face. "Quite untrained, yes?"

"Yes," she said, trying to decide if she should be piqued by how amused he seemed to find her. "Matron told you that." Of course, her sauciness just seemed to amuse him further. Maybe the other women at House Exotica didn't talk to him like that. Were they trained in how to speak to the customers? Chryssa would believe it. She knew she wasn't exactly being polite, but this situation was unnerving her a bit and she was becoming bratty as a result. She really didn't like it when she felt out of her depth. It would be one thing if he would take control, but since he was largely leaving each step up to her, she felt out of control and anxious.

Scooting back slightly on the bed, Lord Plath gestured to its large expanse. "Lay down on your back and spread your legs."

Chryssa almost snorted. After all that build-up, that's what he wanted her to do? Talk about getting right down to it. Still, she was wet and horny enough that she bet she would be able to get off, as long as his way of sex wasn't too different from Tralik's. She crawled up onto the bed, completely unaware of the way the Licken watched her swaying hips and tempting bottom, with the pretty winking jewel between her cheeks. The pale skin still held a faint blush from her spanking, and her pussy lips were a darkened pink from arousal, coated with her cream. 

She lay down on her back, spreading her legs, and trying to get comfortable as this position made the plug in her ass feel more prominent. Sometimes she could almost forget it was there, by lying down on her back had it jostling inside of her again, and her tight hole clenched. 

"Lovely," the Licken murmured. To her surprise, he didn't get right between her legs, he just took his time looking at her, as if he was eating her up with his eyes. They traveled over her breasts and nipples, down her stomach and to the soft pink petals between her legs, which were spread open and feeling quite vulnerable as he gazed at them.

It was almost embarrassing, since he could see how obviously aroused she was. Strangely, even though being looked at like this was kind of annoying and invasive, she also found herself even more turned on by the appreciative and hungry glow in his eyes. Like he just wanted to eat her up.

As if he'd heard her thoughts, he moved so quickly that she actually squeaked in surprise. Bending over her, his legs off to the side, he lowered his mouth to one tightly budded nipple as his hand engulfed her other breasts, squeezing the large mound almost painfully. Chryssa moaned as his fingers dug in, the hot wet cave of his mouth pulling on her sensitive nipple. It felt good and she reached up to clasp his head to her breast, her fingers weaving into his hair as she writhed slightly.

Now when her bottom clenched around the plug, it felt really good. His other hand swept over her hip and between her legs, his fingers dipping into the wet folds. Moaning, Chyrssa arched her back, thrusting her breasts up and him, and spread her legs even further, greedy for the stimulation and the pleasure. The Licken lord made a contented sound as he sucked her nipple harder, using his fingers on his other hand to pluck and tug at that nipple. 

It felt fantastic, and she mewed as moisture was dragged up and around her clit, making the tiny bud swell as she was suckled and stroked. The pleasure that she was beginning to crave swelled inside of her, eager and needy for more. She moved her hips, pressing her clit against his hand as she moaned her approval. 

With supreme amusement in his eyes, the Licken lifted his mouth from her breast, leaving the swollen bud of her nipple wet and cool in the air as his fingers continued to play between her legs. 

"Aren't you supposed to be pleasuring me, not the other way around, sweet Chryssa?"

"Untrained, remember?" she parried, her eyes closing as his fingers thrust up into her. "Oh yes... please... more!" It felt tight in that space, with the plug inside of her ass, and oh so very good. 

Some part of the back of her mind mused that she would actually make a very bad whore, as she didn't truly care whether or not Lord Plath found his own pleasure. He was a big boy, he could take care of himself - she wanted to know that she would receive hers. Working for a tenuous promise of freedom in the far distant future, when she hadn't even been told what amount she had to "work off" wasn't very motivating, but this immediate need to relieve the tension that was arching inside of her definitely was. 

Almost as if fascinated by her response, the Licken stared down at her, his tongue licking his lips as he fucked her hard with his agile fingers, his other hand alternating between her nipples and rolling the tender little buds. Chryssa kept her hands in his hair, almost afraid that he would stop if she moved at all, her body writhing as she panted and moaned. 

The Lord's fingers stroked over her sweet spot, his thumb sliding around her clit, making her pussy cream as the intense sensations washed over her. 

"Please, oh please... yes... oh yes, my Lord!" Her voice became higher and breathier as her pleasure climbed, her desperation for her climax obvious.

"Zyander," he growled, thrusting his fingers into her harder. She cried out, her flesh quivering around his digits. "My name is Zyander, say it, Chryssa."

"Oh... fuck... Zyander!!" She didn't just say his name, she screamed it as a flood of juices covered his hand, her pussy clenching and spasming around his fingers as she came. Her nails dug into his skin, and she closed her legs around his hand, humping it for all she was worth as every last drop of pleasure was wrung from her needy body.

The Licken sniffed the air, breathing it in like he was savoring the sweet scent of her cum. Who knew; Chryssa didn't know enough about Lickens to say for sure that he wasn't. Watching him through half-lidded eyes, she moaned as her thighs relaxed and he was able to move his hand out of her pussy. It made a sticky wet sound. 

When he brought his fingers up to his lips and licked them with that mobile purple tongue, longer and thicker than a Terran's, she nearly moaned again. That sight should be so erotic, but it was. Maybe because he stared at her the entire time he did it, and she couldn't help but remember just how much she liked being licked between her legs. So what if she'd only experienced it a couple of times? And under duress? She'd orgasmed every time. Even though she'd just cum, watching him lick her cream from his fingers was making her body tingle again. 

"Delicious."

That raspy, growling compliment made her shiver. The Licken - Zyander - crawled atop of her and kissed her. His hard body pressed her into the bed, his strangely shaped cock rubbing against her wet inner thigh, as she tasted the flavor of her own pussy on his tongue. It was gross, and at the same time, strangely decadent in the forbidden taboo quality of it. She shouldn't be tasting herself like this, but he gave her no choice as his tongue forced its way between her lips and into her mouth.

Chryssa felt like she could barely breathe with his weight on top of her, his tongue thrusting between her lips. She whimpered as he rocked on top of her, obviously becoming even more excited. Something buzzed against her thigh and she realized that the nodules on his cock must already be vibrating. 

He shifted onto his knees, hunching over her, making her cry out as he swiftly pulled the plug from her ass. The tiny hole ached, empty now, and the muscles there finally relaxed. Only then did he line up his cock with her sodden pussy, without releasing her from their kiss. The fat bulb of his crown pushed against her opening, and she cried out, her voice muffled by his lips. It was much larger than anything she'd had in her pussy so far and the tender flesh protested as it stretched to accommodate the head. 

Once it was sliding into her, the rest of his cock followed more easily. Each ring of little nodules massaged and buzzed against her labia, before going deeper and vibrating against her insides. Chryssa moaned and bucked, unsure whether or not this was truly pleasurable, but her muscles were too weak from her previous orgasm to make any kind of impact on the eager alien's invasion of her pussy. 

She bucked when he finally pressed all the way in, and she could feel every inch of his length. The fat head that was nudged up against the back of her cunt, the buzzing rings along its length, the grind of his hard body against her clit... she sucked on the thick, raspy length of his tongue, making him groan and rock against her. 

Then he started to fuck her and Chryssa understood why this particular Licken was so highly in demand. 

He didn't just fuck her hard and fast, like the Licken who had taken her virginity, so that the unique features of his cock made no difference to the sensations that filled her... no, he took his time, moving with focused care. Chryssa gasped and moaned, writhing as his cock slid slowly in and out of her, with a rhythm so slow it was almost torture - except that it felt too good. The nodules buzzed and massaged, a sensation she barely recognized from her first time, because the other Licken had been moving so quickly, and she'd been drugged and lost in her first experience with sexual ecstasy. Now she had the experience and mental fortitude to appreciate the difference between Lord Plath's cock and Tralek's or Hrrath's. 

With every thrust of the Licken's hips, her own moved up to meet him, her pussy craving to be filled now that she had adjusted to the size of him. She moaned like the whore that House Exotica had made her, not faking a bit of her pleasure. Instead, she reveled in it, greedily taking as much as she could, angling her body so that Lord Plath's groin rubbed against her clit in just the right way with every stroke. 

His thrusts began to increase in speed, his own excitement growing as she clenched and bucked beneath him. The previous orgasm had already rendered her pussy more sensitive than usual, their juices mingled, making a nice slick hole for him to fuck. Chryssa threw back her head as he finally released her lips and began to kiss down her throat, sucking on the sensitive skin. She couldn't believe how good it felt.

The sound of her excited moans filled the room, somehow making her even more aroused to hear the wanton noises she was making. Her nipples brushed against his hard chest as he bit down on her neck where it met her shoulder, and she cried out. 

"Cum for me, Chryssa," he murmured, a deep growl in her ear that shuddered down the length of her spine and made her pussy spasm. "Cum for me so I can feel your cunt sucking my cock."

Oh fuck that was dirty... she tensed, the tingling hot need in her pussy blossoming outwards as the vibrations inside of her increased. She could feel him swelling, feel the fat head of his cock throbbing, and then he began to fuck her so hard and fast that it felt like he was actually pounding her between her legs. It was sheer ecstasy that ripped through her, scattering her thoughts and senses, taking over every inch of her body as she came, screaming his name again. 

Liquid heat filled her as he came, her swollen pussy milking his cock, just like he'd said he wanted it to. She was barely aware of her body's involuntary reaction, she was so lost in the rapture of her climax. 

Completely sated, she lay beneath him, her muscles feeling watery, as he bowed his head over her, panting from his own intense release. The soft caresses and complimentary words whispered in her ear made her feel even more relaxed. 

Unfortunately, she had forgotten that Lord Plath had bargained with Matron for more than just sex with her newest, untrained asset. Her night was far from over.