 Too limp and satisfied from the back to back orgasms she'd had with the Licken Lord, who seemed to like it a great deal when she called him Zyander as she came, Chryssa didn't protest when he pulled himself off of her and rolled her over onto her stomach. Even when he mounted the pillows beneath her hips, propping her bottom up in the air, she couldn't find the energy to do more than murmur.

His hands caressed her butt and then her thighs, and she made happy, contented sounds at the pleasurable sensation. 

"Such a pretty pussy, leaking my cum," Zyander said, his voice filled with smug, masculine satisfaction. Chryssa shuddered a little bit, knowing how open and vulnerable her womanhood must be to him right now - but that's what being a whore was about, right?

His fingers dipped into the messy hole and she moaned, not sure if she was disgusted or turned on (again!) by his continued interest in doing things to her that she was sure were taboo. Perverted. Degrading. And they felt oh so good. Her poor pussy was a bit sore from the battering his cock had just given it, but the finger massage felt good.

Especially because now she didn't even have to look at him, didn't have to feel embarrassed that he could see her expressions of enjoyment. There was definitely still some part of her that felt she should be resisting this more, no matter how good it felt. With her butt in the air, and him behind her, it was almost freeing to just let him have his way with her sloppy pussy. Maybe it was an alien thing. Tralik definitely hadn't seemed interested in her cunt once it was filled with his cum, whereas the Licken seemed to relish thrusting his fingers in and out of her pussy and listening to the wet slapping sounds.

Feeling like she was hanging over the pillows, slightly detached from her body, Chryssa just let him have her way. After the incredible orgasms, if he wanted to keep playing with her pussy, who was she to stop him?

Her pussy felt sore but good, and it was feeling even better as the lord gently pumped his fingers in and out of her. Reaching underneath her, Chryssa squeezed her breasts, pinching her nipples and adding another layer of sensation. It was about the most movement she was capable of at the moment and it felt amazing. 

Good enough that when he pulled his fingers away, she whimpered in protest. She heard his chuckle as his cock slid into her pussy, more easily than it had the first time. 

"Good Chryssa, play with your pretty pink nipples for me..." The laughter in his voice made it sound like he was mocking her, but he also sounded approving. Like he truly was enjoying watching her be so greedy for pleasure. She moaned her own approval as he began to thrust in and out of her pussy, his cock buzzing and humming inside of her. The bent over position didn't allow for much movement on her part, but that was okay. The pillows kept her ass thrust up in the air and all she had to do was lay there and enjoy.

Speaking of her ass... the Licken's fingers rubbed over her crinkled rose of her anus, making her hiss and squirm a bit. His other hand came down on her ass, smacking it hard and reawakening the nerves, as she gasped and pinched her nipples even tighter. The dueling locations of pain somehow made the pleasure of his thrusting cock feel even better. 

"Noooo..." she moaned the word as his fingers slid into her ass. It was a much tighter fit, even with the stretching the plug had done earlier, because of how fully her pussy was. The strangeness of movement in both her holes was uncomfortable, and his fingers burned slightly as her hole was re-stretched. Even though the plug hadn't been out for very long, the virgin hole was tight enough to have completely closed up again. 

Still, she didn't actually move away as he began to fuck her in tandem with his fingers. She didn't have the energy. And it didn't feel totally bad exactly, just uncomfortable and weird. 

A third finger was added and Chryssa grimaced in discomfort, even as her pussy spasmed around Zyander's cock. She pinched her nipples harder, twisting them, to distract from the uncomfortably full sensation of her anus being stretched more than it ever had been before, moaning again when the distraction worked and shudders of painful pleasure washed through her body. The scary rooms with all the whips and things still didn't appeal to her, but she was discovering that she did like a little bit of pain mixed in with her pleasure. It was like opposites attracting or something, except it was happening inside of her body and making everything better than it had been before. 

It wasn't until Lord Plath's fingers and cock slid out of her, and then the bulbous head of his dick pressed against her anus that she realized the true extent of the vulnerable position she was in.

"No! Stop!" she bucked and then shrieked as her movement forced the full head of his cock into her ass all at once. Her distended hole snapped shut around the base of his head; the girth of his shaft was still thick but at least it wasn't as large as the crown. 

"Shh, you're only making it harder on yourself," Zyander said, his voice soothing, but his hands were not as they grabbed hold of her wrists as she tried to reach back to stop him. Using his legs atop hers, he held her pinned down, her ass still propped up by the pillows, her hands on either side of her head as he rocked gently in her ass. 

She groaned at the uncomfortable feeling as the fat of head of his dick moved inside of her tight hole. Sweat felt like it was popping out on her forehead from the stretching and discomfort. Her anus burned as he rocked, and even more so when the buzzing nodules making up the first ring around his shaft finally came into contact with her sensitive hole. The tiny nerve endings came to life, making her clench down, which made him feel even larger inside of her. 

Tears slid from her eyes as he pressed deeper, knowing there was nothing she could do. Her belly cramped as he groaned with pleasure, working his cock back and forth as he deflowered her last hole. The weight of him atop her legs and arms left her nowhere to go, unless she wanted to buck her hips again and take him even more deeply. 

He was as gentle as he could be, taking his time as he probed her ass with his cock, working it back and forth, especially whenever he reached one of the buzzing rings of nubs around his cock. That actually felt pretty good when that happened, even though it was still uncomfortable and kind of painful. Chryssa moaned and squeezed and then moaned again as the new sensations flitted through her. 

The fat head moved deeper into her dark channel, spreading her body open for the rest of his cock. She nearly cried with relief when she finally felt his body pressing against her buttocks, her tight hole spasming as it adjusted to its new proportions.  

Then she squealed like a stuck pig as he began to pull out. The sensation of his whole length receding burned, making her clench to try and keep him in because her body instinctively felt like it was losing something it shouldn't. He shoved in again, gently but firmly, and she cried out, arching her back as she was filled from behind. 

The rolling thrusts made her squeak and squeal, her asshole burning and tightening, buzzing with sensation as the bumpy rings passed through it. Chryssa felt the strangest feeling growing in the pit of her stomach, a kind of fire that she'd never experienced before. It was an intense sensation, so intense that she couldn't even decide if it felt good or bad. But it was there and it grew, filling her lower body, making her writhe as it threatened to overwhelm her. 

"Oh no... oh... what's happening?" she cried out, arching beneath him, her anus spasming as his cock pressed against that spot over and over again, making her burn.

It wasn't something she'd experienced in any of her other encounters, and she found the strange building tension to be almost frightening. 

"Relax, little Terran," the Licken said soothingly as he pumped his cock inside of her, his voice hoarse with his own passion. "I'll make you feel good, just relax and take my cock."

"No... no..." Chryssa writhed, shocked as she realized that the build-up felt like an orgasm, just a very different kind of one. She couldn't possibly get off from having a big alien cock probing her butt, could she?

It appeared that she could, because the tingling, burning pleasure was starting to bubble over, making her arms and legs even weaker than before. She screamed, lowering her head and closing her eyes, as if she could shut out the intense rapture that was beginning to spread over her. The relentless, thrusting cock spurred a new wave of ecstasy every time it sank into her, the buzzing vibrations more intense than ever.

Because her ass was so tight, she could feel his cock swelling bigger, pressing against her walls, in a way that hadn't been possible even in her pussy. It hurt in the most delicious way, filling her with depraved pleasure. 

The Licken's mouth came down on her shoulder, biting and muffling his own groan of satisfaction as his cock burst, jetting thick fluid into her rectum. Chryssa screamed again, bucking and shuddering beneath him as the sexual bliss nearly overwhelmed her completely. Her pussy spasmed and juiced, her ass convulsed, and she milked his cock with her inner muscles as she came over and over again. The pleasure was so intense, she could feel herself growing faint...

She wasn't sure if she blacked out or not. The next thing she was truly aware of was the Licken's tongue licking over the spot where he'd bit her, his cock slowly receding from her sore asshole as it shrank. 

Turning onto his side, the Licken pulled her with him, making her whimper a bit as every muscle in her body protested. An idle hand stroked her breast, but she was too tired to try and stop him, even though - for once - she didn't want any more pleasure right now. Maybe not ever again. 

"You are a treasure, little Terran." The softly whispered words echoed through her mind right before she fell asleep.