 When Chryssa woke up, she was in her own room and she was alone. She groaned as she tried to move and her muscles spasmed. Muscles that she hadn't even known she had. 

Almost as soon as she made a sound, the door to her room opened and Matron came bustling in. For a moment, Chryssa was terrified, because she'd never seen the strange expression on Matron's face that she had now, her mouth all stretched out and showing her huge, flat teeth. It took a moment for her to realize that Matron was grinning. 

"Good job!" Matron said, stumping around and beginning to run the bathwater to fill up the tub. Chryssa actually felt a surge of gratitude towards the Alien Madame. A hot bath to soak in sounded amazing. "Lord Plath was quite pleased with you. You should be honored, he's very picky... I think he might even choose you again and that rarely happens."

The idea of being with the Licken Lord again made Chryssa's pussy spasm in both alarm and desire. The alien's strange cock had felt incredible... but she was so sore right now. Her asshole was still burning from being deflowered. How long had she slept?

Her thoughts were interrupted by Matron bustling her out of bed and helping her over to the bath. Chryssa could barely walk. Before Matron would let her in the water, however, she bent Chryssa over her knee and pushed something into Chryssa's poor anus. 

Crying out, Chryssa tried to fight back, only to receive a short, sharp slap on her butt. 

"Hold still, I'm not going to hurt you, stupid girl," Matron said. 

Resentfully, Chryssa held still, moaning a little bit as warmth flooded her anus, soothing the irritated channel and making quite a few of the aches dissipate. If Matron would just TELL her what was going on instead of demanding unthinking obedience, Chryssa would have a much easier time of it. Not that she said that, right now, because she had a feeling such a statement would be seen as disrespectful or disobedient and right now Matron was happy with her. Chryssa would rather get her bath and have a happy Matron than upset the giant female and end up being punished instead.

"Take a bath now. I'll send up some food for you and when you're done, Tralik will come to take you to more training," Matron said, patting Chryssa's bottom as she put the Terran back on her feet. "Tonight you'll be helping out in the kitchens."

"But I can't cook," Chryssa protested, alarmed. Truthfully, she could cook, but only Terran dishes. So far she hadn't recognized a lot of the food that was served in House Exotica, and even when she did, the quality of the food served was so much higher than anything she'd ever produced.

Matron just laughed, which sounded like rocks grinding together. A happy Matron was almost more disturbing than an angry one. "You won't need to."

A pat on the head and Matron was on her way, lumbering out of the room. Chryssa bit her lip to keep from asking more questions. Bath now. Questions later. Priorities. 

******

When Tralik came, he took her back to the room he'd had her in before. Chryssa didn't know why he didn't just train her in her own room, but he seemed to prefer his space. Maybe that was why, just another show of dominance over her. Like she somehow didn't already know that he was in charge. 

"Today, we're going to work some more on your oral technique," he announced. 

At least this time he gave her a pad to put under her knees. Tralik sat in his chair, his legs spread, while she wore her tongue out licking his balls and shaft under his direction.

"Now gently suck my ball into your mouth, make sure not to use any teeth... that's it... roll it around... I want to feel your tongue..."

"Up and down, like it's a piece of candy."

Meat candy. Ha. 

"Pay attention to the slit, really try to work your tongue into it... yes, that's good... now all around the crown... especially the underside... good girl..."

Chryssa hadn't realized how many muscles she had in her tongue until they all began to ache from use. His cock was covered in her saliva, leaving it wet and glistening, and he could obviously tell that she was tiring. Fisting his hand in her hair, he pulled her up a little higher. 

"Now take me in your mouth... good... don't forget your tongue. Up and down, little girl, it's not that hard."

She longed to just chomp down on him, but she didn't even want to think about what he might do to her if she did. At least she didn't have to use her tongue as much now that she was sucking on him. How long had she been doing this? Her knees were beginning to ache...

"Deeper... that's it - no, don't choke, try to swallow me."

The jerk was making her try to deep throat again, although part of her was turned on by that, another part of her resented him. Still, she'd noticed how interested Lord Plath had been in having her suck him. His cock had been a lot more interesting though, with all of its sensitive little spots. It had also tasted better, sweeter and not as musky. Like it actually was candy.

"Mmmm that's it... good job... just like that..."

Chryssa realized that thinking about the Licken wasn't just making her horny, it was also helping her do a better job of sucking Tralik's cock. She still gagged a bit as the head hit the back of her throat, but when she was thinking about Lord Plath, it didn't bother her as much. In fact, she just wanted to suck him deeper. 

Something hot and needy tingled between her legs as her tired tongue lapped at the underside of Tralik's cock.

It was patently unfair that the male who most inspired her libido was part of the race that had kidnapped her. She wanted to resent him, but just thinking about his hard body and all the ways he'd taken her and pleasured her, had her pussy up and revving again. It didn't even matter that her ass twinged a bit in anxious protest, still a bit sore from being deflowered. 

Apparently Tralik and Matron both realized that she must be sore there, because there had been no plug today. Part of her was almost starting to regret that. At least she'd having something inside of her, now that she was starting to get kind of horny.

Holding her hair tighter, Tralik was thrusting in the chair, groaning with pleasure. Her hands splayed on his thickly muscled thighs, she dug her fingers in, letting him take full control, trying to relax her throat as he fucked her mouth. With her tongue dancing across the underside of his cock, she could feel the pulse of his cum just before it came spraying out of his dick and into the back of her throat. 

Convulsively, she swallowed, sucking each jet from him and taking it straight down into her belly. The warmth seemed to travel even lower, down to her core, where her pussy clenched emptily. Dammit, she was more than just a little horny.

Sighing happily, Tralik opened his eyes, caressing her hair as she continued sucking on his slowly softening dick. "Good girl, always follow through." He glanced at the clock and sighed again, this time sounding more regretful than anything else. "I'd like to keep you here for longer, but you're needed down in the kitchen."

Chryssa pulled her mouth away from his dick and scowled up at him. "I told Matron I can't cook."

It bothered her that they would expect her to do labor on top of the things she was already doing. Wasn't it enough that she was a whore? At least she enjoyed parts of that, even if this wasn't how she was planning on spending the rest of her life. She hadn't forgotten her plans to escape, she just wasn't ready to act on them yet. Even if she knew more about this planet and how to get off of it, they were still watching her too closely here. There was too much to do before she even prepared to make an attempt.

Besides... there were some perks in the meantime. Especially if she could convince Tralik to keep her here instead of sending her down to the kitchen.

She shifted her expression from scowling to seductive, running her hand over the tips of her nipples. This time he hadn't bothered with undoing her top, and the silky fabric felt good as it shifted over the engorged buds. 

"I'd much rather stay here with you."

That was the truth, although she didn't really want to keep using her mouth. She was sure that she could talk him into something else. Something that would be pleasurable for both of them. 

"Minx," Tralik said, with a patronizing pat on the head that made her grit her teeth. "Come on, I'll take you to the kitchen."

Far too closely watched to think about escaping yet. Grumbling internally, Chryssa trotted along behind him to the kitchen. She was going to need to be much more trusted before they stopped escorting her everywhere apparently.

******

Chryssa moaned, her pussy clenching as it tingled, like little bubbles were popping incessantly inside of it. Her duties in the kitchen weren't anything like what she would have expected. 

Upon arrival, Tralik had taken her over to a corner where there was a strange looking wooden table with nothing on it. That's because Chryssa was going on it. There was a place for her breasts so that they could hang down, restraints for her wrists, ankles and midsection, and padding for her hips so that they didn't bruise as she moaned and writhed. 

The cook had shown her the strange orange fruit, that kind of looked like a zucchini, which she was going to be helping 'prepare.' Apparently, the bezzir was considered a delicacy when it was seeped in pussy juices. Tralik had grinned, watching her facial expression when she'd met the cook's three helpers for dessert that evening. They were little aliens, about three feet tall and bright blue. Although their shape was humanoid, they were hairless and toothless, their mouths shaped like little suckers.

They'd quickly scurried under the table and two of them had latched onto her nipples while the third sucked her clit into its strange little mouth. She'd already been horny, but the hard triple suction had her pussy quickly becoming even more wet. That was when they'd slid the fruit in and she'd discovered its strange, fizzing properties when it came into contact with her juices. 

The little aliens beneath her plumped her breasts with their hands, sucking on her tits for all they were worth, while the third alternated between sucking on her clit and pumping the fruit back and forth in her pussy. Before he left, Tralik gagged her, saying that it was to keep her from distracting the cooks.

If he meant because she was soon going to be begging for orgasm, then he would be right. Her nipples felt so sore and swollen as they were sucked, so ready to explode, and yet the little alien who sucked her clit wouldn't let her reach the pinnacle. That sucking mouth tormented her, the pumping fruit making her writhe uncontrollably, and yet he was a master at never allowing her to quite reach orgasm. 

Tears of frustration started to roll down her cheeks as she jerked uselessly at her restraints. If she ever got her hands on these sucking little teases... well she'd do something awful to them, that was for sure. Her pussy gripped and tingled, burning and aching with the need to cum, and yet every time she thought she was going to, the stimulation would stop and she would scream her frustration into her gag. With all the noise going on in the kitchen, her muffled sounds were easily swallowed up. Definitely not distracting for any of the other helpers.

Fruit after fruit was shoved into her pussy and pumped as her juices flowed, coating the surface of each exotic edible. Her clit felt like it had swollen to four times its usual size from all the sucking, her nipples were distended, and if she hadn't been gagged she'd have been begging for someone to finish her off. All she needed was a few seconds of steady stimulation to her clit and she'd go off like a rocket. 

It was a good thing the table completely supported her body weight, because she couldn't do anything but hang there, lost in her own world of torturous pleasure, hoping and praying that she'd be allowed to cum. 

"This is the last one," she heard the deep voice of the cook announce as he patted her bottom with one of his tentacles. There were too many of them to count, and at first she'd been a bit repulsed by him, but now she didn't care that he was touching her. All she could think was 'last one!' "You've been a good girl. Go ahead and let her come."

Chryssa only had a second to rejoice at this turn of events before another fruit was being shoved into needy snatch, and then her swollen clit was being sucked into the mouth of the alien that had been tormenting her. She screamed into the gag as her orgasm slammed into her, making her buck and heave against the restraints at the intensity of her ecstasy. She was too far gone to be able to control her movements, her pussy spasming and coating the last fruit with her orgasm, juices spilling down the insides of her thighs. 

She sobbed with relief and rapture, practically collapsing on top of the table as her climax finally wound down, the waves assaulting her slowly receding. 

The onslaught had been so intense that she barely noticed that Tralik had returned. She hummed in contentment as her wrists and ankles were massaged, shivering as her pussy was cleaned. The swollen folds were so sensitive to the touch, it was almost painful to have a soft, warm, damp cloth rubbing against them. 

Gathering her up in his arms, Tralik took her back to her room and helped her into bed. Her legs were too weak and trembly for her to even try to stand on her own. 

"Good job tonight," he said, patting her bottom before pulling the covers over her body. Her eyes were closed, but if they hadn't been, she would have rolled them at his patronizing tone. "I'll see you tomorrow."