 Chryssa spent the next week at House Exotica cloistered away from the clients. She did meet several of the other women, and was even starting to become friendly with one named Merxia, a very pretty humanoid from a planet called Braxx. According to Merxia, Braxx celebrated sex, but you couldn't get paid for it there. A lot of the pretty golden skinned and haired citizens left in order to make their money selling their services to the rest of the galaxy, before retiring at home. Chryssa was fascinated by the idea of a society where sex wasn't at all taboo and anyone could do anything. Merxia's stories about the mass orgies were as thrilling as they were a bit horrifying to Chryssa. She couldn't even imagine what such an event might be like. 

Her days were spent with either Matron or Tralik, who seemed to be taking turns keeping an eye on her. Matron did "obedience" training with her, which (as far as Chryssa could tell) consisted of giving her various orders and spanking her when she didn't follow them. Mostly they involved playing with her own body parts or showing them off in one way or another, which was bothering her less and less, so she didn't get spanked very often after the first day. Matron seemed pleased with her progress. So was Tralik. Chryssa still gagged at first, but she'd gotten to the point where she could take the full length of his cock into her mouth.

When she did really well, he would fuck her as a reward. 

Sometimes his arrogance really grated on her, but she couldn't deny that she did love being fucked by him. Especially since she wasn't currently getting any pleasure from anywhere else, except for when she got herself off under Matron's direction. Playing with herself was fun, but somehow it was so much better with a real cock. She couldn't quite define the difference, just that she preferred a partner. 

So she was actually kind of excited when Matron told her that the next day she was going to have a paying client. She'd found out from Merxia that having paying clients meant a lot of things - not only would she be working off her "debt" to the house, but she'd also get spending money and be able to go visit the shops. Escorted of course, but at least she'd be able to get out of the house and explore some more of this planet. Find out a bit more about it. 

Her client was named Sysslen and he was a Vloss. Chryssa had no idea what that was until she asked Merxia over dinner. The Vloss looked like a cross between Terrans and lizards, Merxia said. They had beautiful beaded dark green skin, claws and a tail, but they walked upright on two legs and were quite tall. Merxia went on a bit rapturously about their wonderfully flexible tongues, but Merxia tended to go into rapture about a lot of things, so Chryssa was withholding judgment.

The description of the Vloss was a little odd to her, because she'd never heard or or seen anything like what Merxia described, but she figured he couldn't be any scarier than the shark thing she'd fucked her first day at House Exotica. At least, Merxia didn't say anything about sharp, scary teeth.

The morning of her first client, Matron came and gave Chryssa a very thorough bath, with special soaps that made her skin smell flowery. She much preferred bathing herself though. Matron's hands were rough, and so were her fingers as she poked them into Chryssa's pussy and anus, making sure that they were clean. Even so, when she rubbed Chryssa's nipples and clit, the little pleasure buds perked up.

Tralik hadn't fucked her yesterday and so she was already horny, and Matron's rough manipulations made her body feel even more sensitive. She was definitely ready for pleasure, even if it was from a being that was paying for the privilege. 

Her first impression of Sysslen when he came in was that he looked a bit like a Licken with his green skin, but he was more iridescent, almost shining under the lights. He looked her up and down, wearing the dark red silky toga and simple belt that Matron had put her in, and grinned, his forked tongue flicking out from his lipless mouth as if tasting the air. Chryssa couldn't help put stare and wonder what that tongue would feel like inside of her. 

The alien towered over her, he was even taller than Lord Plath, but he didn't have humanoid muscles the way the Licken had. In fact, the way his hips were shaped, Chryssa wasn't quite sure how they were supposed to have sex. Matron had just told her that Sysslen preferred to control his women and to do whatever he said. She seemed to be banking on Chryssa's lack of experience to appeal to him, just as it had to Lord Plath.

"Very pretty, Terran," Sysslen said in a hissing kind of voice. His agile tongue made the words sound very clipped and precise, but he elongated the vowels. Looking her up and down, he paced around her, giving her a good look at the tail that extruded from his pants and was obviously keeping him balanced as he walked. "So, you are the new girl?"

"Yes, Sess," Chryssa said, following Matron's directions about what to call him. Sess was a Vloss honorific, something like 'my lord.' 

"How do you like being a whore, so far?" From someone else, Chryssa might have bristled at the question, but Sysslen didn't sound like he was trying to insult her, he was just curious. Maybe to him, calling someone a whore wasn't an insult. Besides, that was what she was now, wasn't it? 

"Some parts of it are very nice," she said, craning her neck back to look up at him. The beaded skin of his face was kind of fascinating to look at; she wondered what it would feel like, but she didn't reach up to touch it because she wasn't sure how he would react. He had no lips, and his nose was more like two nostrils on a more rounded part of his face; his eyes were almond shaped and the pupils were slitted. Definitely not anything familiar to her, but not entirely frightening either. 

"Disrobe," he said, after a moment, cocking his head to the side. Chryssa got the feeling she was being tested.

Strangely, she also somehow received the impression that if her answer had been different, he might not have told her to undress. There was an air about him that was different from the other males she'd come across, as if he was only interested in a female who would welcome his touch. Well, right now Chryssa would. She was horny and he was here with a big ole bulge in his pants. Not to mention that forked tongue. After everything Merxia had said, Chryssa was more than a little eager to experience the pleasures that tongue could bring.

She wasn't immediately attracted to him as she had been to Lord Plath, but as he cupped her breasts with his hands, the textured beading of his skin rubbing over the sensitive mounds, her arousal spiked. His skin was much cooler than hers, although it quickly warmed, and the strange texture felt good. Her nipples tightened into little buds that ached as he squeezed her breast flesh, and she moaned, arching into him.

Sysslen chuckled. "Is this one of the parts that are very nice?"

"Oh yes, Sess," she said immediately, meeting his gaze again so that he could see how much she was enjoying it. Chryssa wanted more. Not surprisingly, just like Tralik, he responded to the open invitation in her eyes.

Leaning down, he flicked his tongue over her nipple. Chryssa gasped. The surface of his tongue was raspy and rough, abrading the sensitive bud, and it felt amazing. He didn't have lips, so he couldn't suck on her nipple, but she watched in amazement as that long, thin red tongue wrapped around her nipple and squeeze the little bud, moving over it like fabric sliding around its diameter. Chryssa moaned, reaching out to hold onto his arms to keep from falling over. Sysslen switched sides, wetting her other nipple with his tongue, making the little buds swell until her pussy was throbbing with need. 

"That feels... oh god, I can't even describe how that feels," she said, in between her moans. 

With his tongue wrapped around her nipple, tugging at it, Sysslen couldn't respond, but he made an eager hissing noise that she supposed was his version of a groan. Not that she really cared. From what she'd gleaned from the other females in House Exotica, men got off pretty easily. She didn't need to do much but spread her legs and let them enjoy themselves. On the other hand, a woman's body needed a little more work. So she wasn't too concerned about Sysslen enjoying himself, she was much more concerned about whether or not she was going to. 

Although, right now, things were looking very good for her.

Sysslen reached behind her to grip her ass, squeezing the firm cheeks as he continued to torment her nipple with his raspy tongue. She wanted to fall down on the ground and take him with her, although she didn't think she could spread her legs enough for his haunches. His hips were more like a lizard's than a human's, and she wasn't sure how the bulge in his pants was supposed to reach her if she was on her back. 

Yet, that's exactly how he ordered her to lie down once he'd unwrapped his tongue from her throbbing nipple. 

"On the bed, on your back," were his exact words. "Spread your legs."

Chryssa complied eagerly. Her nipples were aching little points, bobbling on her breasts as she got into position. The Vloss' pupils seemed to enlarge and then thin into little slits as he looked at her pretty pink pussy, all creamy and wet and ready for him. 

"Have you had your pussy licked before, new girl?" he asked, his clipped words becoming slightly less precise as he became more sexually excited. 

She nodded her head eagerly. "Yes, Sess, but never by a Vloss. I would really like you to lick me... I've been told it's the best."

Her words were clumsy, not at all the seductive tantalization that House Exotica's females usually tempted clients with, but they were all the more powerful because of that. After Lord Plath had been so enchanted by Chryssa's untrained ways, Matron had decided to give the Terran less training than the other females had been given. The bonus the Licken lord had given the House for Chryssa's services had convinced her that perhaps Chryssa's very uniqueness and lack of sophistication could actually help. Especially because the Terran was more than eager in her training sessions with Tralik. Most new acquisitions needed a longer period to adjust to their new life, whereas Chryssa had taken to it easily and quickly.

Matron's business acumen was about to be rewarded. Although Sysslen was a long-time customer of House Exotica, he'd never been quite so aroused as he was by the guileless, plain speech of this attractive, little Terran. While Terrans were always quite lusty, they'd also been well-trained in responding and catering to their clients. There was nothing of that in Chryssa's speech or her gaze. She was speaking nothing but the honest truth, her transparent desire for pleasure was like an aphrodisiac to the alien.

He buried his muzzle in her sweet snatch, his long tongue flicking up and down her folds and making her gasp as its raspy length rubbed against the sensitive lips of her pussy. Chryssa moaned, her hips moving up and down, whimpering a bit as Sysslen's clawed hands pressed down on her lower body, holding her in place and at the mercy of his tongue. It felt amazing. Completely different from any of the other males who had used their mouths on her. 

A Vloss' tongue could move in ways that no other creature in the universe's could duplicate. It vibrated, flexed and curled, its raspy surface sending Chryssa wild. Her juices flowed freely as she moaned and tried to buck her hips, wanting to rub her pussy all over Sysslen's lipless mouth.

"Oh yes... oh yes... oh Sysslen... Right there... that feels amazing... oh my god... I love your tongue!"

Chryssa pressed her hands down onto the Vloss' head as he slipped his tongue up inside her, nearly making her scream as the raspy length fluttered against her pussy walls. While Sysslen used his oral technique in order to prepare a woman's body to accept his cock, he'd never had one respond quite like Chryssa. She was obviously completely involved in achieving her own orgasm... strangely, her selfishness actually made him want to pleasure her more. 

She came so hard she practically vibrated when he slid his tongue back out of her pussy and wrapped it around the swollen bud of her clit, the same way he'd wrapped her nipples with it. The textured surface made the stimulation so intense that it was almost painful, and Chryssa's fingers dug into the top of his head, pressing down hard on the beaded skin, as she screamed her ecstasy. 

Merxia hadn't been kidding about those talented Vloss tongues. Chryssa was riding high on a cloud of bliss as Sysslen finally pulled his tongue from her sopping slit and turned her onto her stomach. A padded wedge had been provided near her bed, which would support her body - a necessity since she didn't think her shaky legs could have held her up. For a male Vloss to fornicate, it was necessary that the female be bent over in front of them, their legs together so that the Vloss' limbs were outside of hers.

Sysslen put Chryssa in that position before taking off his pants. She would later find out that it was rare for any species outside of their own to see a Vloss' cock, something that Merxia hadn't mentioned to her because she'd been too caught up in describing their tongues. 

It was long and thick, like a Terran's, but the tip was a bulging mass of what looked like spines, one two separate heads. Neither head was very large, but put together with the spines, and it was quite an intimidating piece of equipment. Spines also decorated the shaft, they were actually quite pliable, but they didn't look as though they would be, and females who weren't familiar with the Vloss had been known to panic when faced with such an unusual cock.

Chryssa just knew that it felt very strange pushing against the opening of her pussy. The head was very thick, even thicker than Lord Plath's, which was why Sysslen had made sure she was very relaxed and still coated in her natural lubrication. Orally pleasuring a non-Vloss female before fucking her was practically a necessity for Vloss males. At least, if they wanted their partner to enjoy the experience.

She gasped as her body finally opened and he began to push in. Even though she hadn't seen the spines, or his cock's twin heads, she could feel that there was something very different about his dick than any she'd encountered before. Just when she had thought that she was starting to get a handle on the different types of alien anatomy, she was introduced to something completely new and different.

If she hadn't been so aroused, the nubby protrusions might have scraped her insides in an uncomfortable way, but as it was, they felt incredibly good if also very strange. As he sank in, the twin heads and spines pushed against the walls of her body, making her wriggle. Sysslen's hands rested gently but firmly around her hips, holding her in place on the wedge. His weight leaned into her, and she was grateful for the wedge's support.

Then he began to pull out, and that thick, strange head made her groan as it rubbed along her sensitive walls. She gasped as it dragged over her g-spot, making her clench and spasm. Sliding her hands between herself and the wedge, she began to squeeze her breasts, pinching her nipples as pleasure washed over her. 

Sysslen watched with amusement as the randy little Terran squeezed her breasts, even though he couldn't see exactly what she was doing, there was no mistaking her self-involvement. He found her eagerness to cum again quite arousing. Terrans were often quite sexual, but so far he'd never met one that was so ill-trained as to ignore him in favor of herself. The novelty actually appealed to him, especially as her pussy gushed with more cream while she pinched and squeezed her nipples, moaning and bucking her hips up towards him.

The experience was much more genuine than any he'd had before. 

Carefully, slowly, he began to fuck her, allowing her pussy to adjust to the strangeness of his cock. Despite the wedge, Chryssa managed to push herself back towards him every time he thrust forward, eager to feel the spines rubbing over her g-spot. If she'd seen his cock, she probably wouldn't have been quite so eager, but she had no idea how intimidating it looked, only how good it felt. 

The wet sound of his cock gliding in and out of her was interspersed with her moans and his occasional grunts as he began to pick up the pace. Chryssa's pussy was soaked through, her clit pressing against the edge of the wedge every time Sysslen thrust home. She wanted to cum again so badly, and if she'd thought she could lift her body up enough to play with her clit, she would have done so. Instead, she took her passion out on her nipples, squeezing the tender buds tightly and twisting them back and forth. The tips rubbed against the fabric of the wedge, adding to the multitude of sensations.

The Vloss' slow pace was starting to make her feel a bit frantic, making the climb to her climax feel interminably long.

"Harder... please, Sysslen, fuck me harder... I need it," she begged, wagging her hips up and down. 

There wasn't a male in the universe who could have ignored a plea like that, especially since it was obvious she wasn't just saying the words, like a well-trained courtesan, she absolutely meant them. He could feel her pussy pulling at him, squeezing him. Letting his caution slide away, he began to pump harder, faster, filling her the way he had longed to do. Chryssa cried out as his strange cock traveled through her body, verging on painful and yet bringing her such incredible pleasure.

"Oh yes... oh fuck yes... oh Sysslen, just like that!"

Chryssa wriggled and writhed, her clit rubbing against the wedge, her pussy at just the right angle for Sysslen's cock to stimulate her g-spot with every stroke. She pinched her nipples so hard she thought she might have flattened them, and the tortured ecstasy went straight to her core. 

"Fuck! Oh fuck yes!"

She screamed out his name as she came, her pussy gripping him so tightly that he could barely move. The sacs inside his body tightened and suddenly Chryssa felt herself being filled with what felt like a gallon of searing, hot cum. The spines on his cock vibrated against her womb, making her shriek and writhe as wave after wave of orgasm crashed against her. The beaded quality of his skin only made the sensations more intense as his body rubbed against her pussy lips, his hands gripping her tightly, the tips of his talons digging into her skin. Not that she noticed any discomfort, she was too far gone in sexual bliss, utterly sated from the orgasms that had wracked her. 

Moving her hands out from under her body, she let her breasts press against the wedge as she closed her eyes, sighing with pleasure as she felt Sysslen shrinking inside of her. His grip on her hips lessened, caressing her, as he murmured to her in his language, sibilant sounds that soothed, like a soft hissing murmur. The tender buds of her nipples felt good pressed against the wedge, no longer pinched between her fingers.

By the time she opened her eyes again, Sysslen had his pants back on. He leaned over and flicked his tongue over her lips, the closest he could come to kissing her. 

"You are a treasure, Chryssa," he said, caressing one breast. "Don't let them change you too much."

Ha. She wasn't going to let anyone change her at all, she thought, her eyelids fluttering as Sysslen left the room. And right now she was going to take a quick nap.

******

Matron was exceedingly pleased with the bonus that Sysslen left, as well as his high praise. It seemed that her strategy in leaving this particular Terran mostly untrained was paying off admirably. Such a tactic wouldn't work with many of the young women, but Chryssa had just the right amount of innocence, eagerness, aloofness and spirit to pull it off. 
