 Chryssa didn't know it, but after Sysslen, more than one customer asked specifically for her favors. However, Matron wasn't taking any chances with her new girl or her new strategy. Some of those who wanted Chryssa just wanted to break in the new girl, to see if they could bend her to their will. That wasn't the kind of client Matron wanted for Chryssa, because if any of them succeeded, it would mean that Chryssa would become just like the other girls, rather than a novelty.

She had time to select Chryssa's next client anyway. For a full day after Sysslen, Chryssa was given time to rest and her pussy recover from the Vloss' assault. Merxia informed her that was fairly standard for Vloss encounters. They could take a lot out of a girl. She also had to go through Tralik pushing a healer's probe into her cunt, ensuring that the Vloss hadn't done any damage to her sensitive interiors. Since she was just a bit sore, that had been a bit alarming. Being the curious type, Chryssa couldn't help but wonder exactly what made a Vloss' cock so unique and such a concern about injury, which was when she'd found out that the other girls in the house didn't know. 

Well, if Chryssa ever saw a Vloss again, she was going to make it her mission to find out!

As soon as she had that thought, Chryssa shook it away. She was supposed to be thinking up ways to escape, not about seeing alien cock if they didn't want to share. On her day off, other than checking out her pussy and receiving a blow job to keep her "in practice," Tralik actually left her to her own devices, as did Matron. Although Matron did stop by to tell her that she'd earned a bonus. Of course, Chryssa didn't actually know how much closer that would put her to paying off House Exotica for the price they'd paid for her.

She took the opportunity to explore more of the house, although she didn't venture onto the streets. The entrances were guarded by aliens from Matron's home planet, their chins quivering with interest as she walked by. Chryssa quickly skirted away. Unfortunately there were no windows on the lower floor, just the upper floors, so if she decided to use a window, she'd need some way of getting down to the ground since there was nothing but hard pavement. 

The next day, Matron told her to prepare for another client. This one came from the planet J'x, and Merxia told her over breakfast that meant he basically looked human except bigger. All over. She winked as she said it. Chryssa just raised her eyebrow. She didn't see what was so exciting about being bigger. After all the strange cocks she'd discovered, Tralik's was kind of boring by comparison, although it still felt good. 

If she had to pick a favorite cock, so far she would say Lord Plath's. Although she wasn't sure if it was entirely his dick, or if it had just been him. He was the only male so far that she'd been truly attracted to, rather than just curious about what he could do for her. Even if he was Licken. After all, he wasn't the one who had captured her.

Of course, she knew that deep down, she wasn't even all that pissed about being captured anymore. She wanted her freedom, of course, because she didn't like knowing that someone else thought they "owned" her, but at the same time, she was much happier here at House Exotica than she had been back on Terra. There were no men groping her, unless they were paying for it, and so far she'd found a great deal of pleasure in her work. Definitely not something that would have happened on Terra. At least here, everyone was honest about wanting sexual pleasure. It wasn't sordid or treated as a disgusting secret. Plus, it felt really, really good. 

Chryssa even hummed merrily to herself as she prepared for her next client. She wriggled underneath the silky fabric of her dress, letting it slide over her nipples and butt, twisting in the mirror to admire how pretty she looked in the dark rose pink. It was the exactly color of her nipples. Brushing her hands over her breasts, she cupped them and squeezed, closing her eyes as she sighed with pleasure. 

She was horny. Hell, maybe this was the right kind of work for her, although she'd rather be doing it by choice. Matron had told the truth when she'd said the aphrodisiac Chryssa had originally been given only dealt on what was there. After having seen so many different aliens, Chryssa had to admit that she didn't even really cared what they looked like or if she was attracted to them... she just wanted to get off. 

Well... maybe she cared a little. As she squeezed her breasts, she realized that she was picturing Lord Plath - Zyander's - face, remembering what it felt like when his hands were on her breasts. She couldn't care less if any of her clients ever returned, unless it was him. Remembering the way he'd been the first time she'd seen him, with the other House workers crawling all over him, made her feel an uncomfortable surge of jealousy. And arousal. Man she was fucked up. 

"Hmmm, well this is a pretty picture."

Chryssa gasped, whirling around at the deep voice. Her client was here and she hadn't even heard the door open! The J'x, his name was M'x'r she remembered Matron saying, was standing in the doorway, his huge arms crossed over a seriously impressive chest. Even though the doorway was very high, he filled it completely and he must have had to duck his head to get through! Merxia hadn't been kidding when she said that J'x were like Terrans but bigger. 

Bigger was a major understatement. He was at least seven feet tall, massively muscular, and totally gorgeous. Also, kind of terrifying just because he was so freaking huge. Chryssa had fought the Licken raiding party back on Terra, but if this guy had been with them, she would have run and she wouldn't have been the least bit embarrassed about it. 

White teeth flashed in his tanned face, he brushed locks of black hair back out of his dark eyes, and gave her a little nod. "Keep going, beautiful, don't let me stop you. Pinch those pretty little nipples."

Half dazed, Chryssa did exactly what he said, and shivered a little as a rush of pleasure went straight through her and fizzed in her belly. As hot as M'x'r was, she still didn't get quite the same lustful burst of need that she had over Lord Plath... but it was good enough. Especially since M'x'r was the one here in the room with her, devouring her with his dark eyes. His gaze was riveted to her breasts as she pinched her nipples, rubbing them through the slick fabric of her dress. 

When his eyes met hers again, they were hot and hungry. "I've heard you're a greedy little thing," he said, sounding completely approving. He stepped inside her room, closing the door behind him. "Come on over here and let's see how good I can make you feel."

The order was said with the smug certainty of a male who knew he could make her feel very good. Chryssa didn't have a problem with that, although as she approached him, she could feel trepidation replacing some of her excitement. He was just so very big! She barely came up to his nipples! And he was thick around too, even though he didn't have an ounce of fat on him. The bodysuit he was wearing clung to him like a second skin, although the loin cloth that went over it obscured her view of his cock. 

"Such a little beauty," he said, trailing his finger down one of her cheeks. She squeaked, her eyes going wide as he picked her up, handling her like she weighed nothing. As he settled her in front of him, her legs automatically went around his hips and she wrapped her arms around his neck, watching him with big eyes. Her core pressed against his loincloth and she could feel a very large bulge rubbing against her. Oh no... was EVERYTHING in proportion? 

Not that she had much time to worry about that as M'x'r kept one arm firmly wrapped around her, the other cupping her breast as he caught her lips with a kiss. Man, could he kiss. Chryssa opened her lips for him, letting his tongue thrust into her mouth, and she moaned as he ran his thumb over her nipple. He tasted like cinnamon and apples. 

She stiffened a bit as he started moving, walking them over to the bed, never stopping kissing her. At first she was afraid that he would bump into something or drop her, but he didn't seem to have any trouble maneuvering around the furniture while simultaneously kneading her breast and shoving his tongue down her throat. Chryssa relaxed, rubbing her body against his, sparking little shocks of pleasure from her pussy. She could actually feel him chuckle as he kept kissing her. 

He tossed her on the bed and she squealed at the suddenness, landing in a heap with her pussy completely on display, the drape of her dress falling off to the side. 

"Very pretty," M'x'r said, approvingly as he began to pull of his body suit. Chryssa realized that it was actually attached to the loin cloth as he peeled it away. He was just as muscled as he appeared and... oh holy fuck... Her eyes bulged as she got her first good look at his cock.

J'x were apparently exactly like Terrans, except bigger. Everywhere. The head of his cock was just as thick as Lord Plath's had been, but, unlike the Licken's, M'x'r's cock stayed just as thick all the way down his long shaft. No vibrating rings of pleasure or anything to help.

She made a distressed squeaking noise, her first instinct being to crawl away from that giant cock. Laughing, M'x'r reached out and grabbed her ankle. "Where do you think you're going, beautiful?"

"That is soooo not going to fit inside me," Chryssa told him. She wasn't dumb enough to try and kick him, but she would run if she could. There was no way Matron could expect her to do this! "You're too big."

M'x'r's grin widened. "You'll be fine. I promise."

She rolled her eyes. "Oh yeah, now I feel so much better. Since you promise."

The big J'x just laughed. She scowled at him. 

"Come here, beautiful, you can try wrapping your mouth around it first."

Because of his words, Chryssa expected to find herself on her knees in front of him, but instead she found herself on all fours hovering over him. Backwards. Her pussy was hovering somewhere above his chest, her hands planted on either side of his hips. He wasted no time pulling off her dress either. The damn things were made to come off easily, considering that the two sides of fabric weren't even sewn together. She sighed. No foreplay for her at all?

Lowing her head to his cock, she licked the tip. Yeah. Apples and cinnamon. This could be worse. Maybe if she got him off in her mouth, he'd keep that pussy-destroyer away from the rest of her. Wrapping both hands around the base of his cock, she started licking more fervently. When she got her hands around his cock, she realized that it was already kind of wet, as if he had his own lubrication seeping through his skin. Maybe that was how his people managed to work these monsters into females.

"Mmmm..." The happy noise came from behind her, just as his hands slid up the back of her thighs. Her skin prickled as he came close to her pussy, his thumbs brushing her labia as he squeezed her buttocks. That was nice. 

Deciding to encourage that, she opened her mouth as wide as she could and took the head of his cock between her lips. It was a tight fit, but she managed, and he groaned with pleasure as her tongue flicked over the circular hole at the very tip. Definitely just like a Terran. But bigger. The entire tip of her tongue fit easily into the hole, and she could taste the cinnamon even more strongly now. Her jaw ached a bit as she began to move her head down his shaft, there was no room at all for her to closer her mouth even a little bit. 

Fortunately he didn't seem to mind her teeth scraping against his cock as she moved her head up and down. He groaned as he bucked his hips, pushing his cock in and out of her mouth. Chryssa moaned too as he pulled her pussy down onto his waiting mouth, his tongue lapping up the center of her slit. There was something highly erotic about both of them using their mouths to pleasure each other at the same time. Why hadn't Tralik shown her how to do this? This was fun! Way more fun than just focusing on sucking cock, since she was getting her own pleasure at the same time!

Chryssa took more of him into her mouth, grinding her pussy down onto his face. M'x'r didn't seem to have a problem with that. His hands squeezed and kneaded her butt cheeks as his tongue pushed into her pussy, fucking her with it. The vibrations of her moans went up his cock, her own palm squeezing the base of the monster dick tightly while she writhed on top of him. 

Little starbursts of pleasure wracked her as her clit rubbed against his chin. The taste of apples and cinnamon was becoming overwhelming. She was never going to be able to eat apple pie again without thinking of M'x'r's dick. 

So she was kind of disappointed when he pushed her off of his face, lifting her up. She'd been really enjoying sucking his cock, even if she could only get a little more than half of it between her lips, despite her lessons with Tralik. Plus, she'd been really close to orgasm from humping his face. 

M'x'r's eyes looked like they were glowing as he easily turned her around to face him, his big hands spanning her waist. Chryssa found herself hovering over his cock, which was seemed a lot less scary now that she was aching inside from the need to cum. He'd gotten her so close before he'd lifted her off his mouth!

"Such a greedy Terran," he said, although he sounded more approving than displeased, despite his words. "If you're going to cum, you're going to do it on my cock... but I'll let you go at your own pace. Fuck me, Chryssa."

His cock nuzzled against her pussy lips, but he didn't thrust up or pull her down. He just waited. Chryssa groaned as she began to push down on the giant rod, her hands pressed against his chest to help brace her body as it began to lower. M'x'r didn't move his hands from around her waist, which was good, because her leg muscles weren't going to be able to hold her in a half-crouched position for very long.

This was so much easier when the male just went all alpha. Then again, she should be glad that M'x'r wasn't, because his cock was seriously huge. Chryssa panted as the giant head began to stretch open her pussy. It felt like a log was being pressed against her body. Even though she was soaking wet and aching to cum, she was relieved that he was producing some of his own lubrication as well... it made the slide of his cock into her pussy just a tiny bit easier.

As the first inch pushed in, she whimpered, trembling a bit as her body struggled to adjust. The entrance of her pussy burned a bit in discomfort, her muscles protesting the new dimensions of her tight hole. Beneath her, M'x'r groaned, obviously tense from sexual need as well, but he still didn't force her down. 

Desperate to distract herself from the unrelenting pressure in her pussy, Chryssa grasped her breasts and began pinching her nipples, tweaking and rolling the little buds between her fingers. It helped. The added stimulation not only made her wetter, but the tiny sparks of pain made the discomfort in her pussy lessen by comparison. Just a bit. But enough that she was able to work herself up and down, taking a little bit more of that giant shaft into her body.

"Fuuuuuck... oh god... that's so big..." Chryssa moaned, panting some more as gravity began to overcome her leg muscles and she began to slide down M'x'r's cock a little faster. It burned and she throbbed around him, feeling so incredibly stuffed full... and it felt really good. The only other time she'd felt quite this full had been when Lord Plath's cock expanded right before he'd pumped her full of cum. Of course, if M'x'r got any bigger when he came, she might actually burst. 

She moved up and down as best she could, giving her aching pussy time to adjust to the monster cock, pinching her nipples particularly hard. M'x'r watched her, his eyes still glowing with arousal, murmuring occasional encouragement as he fed more of his cock into her overstuffed pussy. 

Finally Chryssa had to lean forward, because his cock was nudging up against her womb when she was sitting straight up and it didn't feel good. M'x'r allowed her the lean, and she gasped, her pussy clenching down as her swollen clit pressed against his body. Oh that felt better... that felt much better!

"Oooooh yeeeeees," she hissed out as she ground her pussy against his body. Her clit throbbed and the gargantuan pussy-destroyer inside of her started to feel a little less uncomfortable and a lot more pleasurable. 

"That's it, little Terran, ride me," M'x'r encouraged, looking pleased as Chryssa began to live up to her new reputation, her body instinctively seeking her own pleasure as she began to rock on his cock. 

It was kind of hard to move with all that cock inside of her, especially as the tip banged against her cervix if she didn't move carefully, but even that was starting to feel... well, not quite good, but not quite bad either. His cock rubbed against every inch of her inner walls, her g-spot tingling as her clit pressed down on his hard groin.

The need to cum was rising again and Chryssa whimpered as she began to fuck him harder, the discomfort and slight pinpricks of pain melding into the sexual pleasure that was spiraling higher. Her pussy tingled the more they fucked, getting hotter and wetter, their juices mixing as she began to move a little faster and harder, rubbing her clit against his body for all she was worth. She needed to cum so badly...

Reaching down between their bodies, she started rubbing the swollen nub, so that she could get just the right amount of stimulation.

She could feel the rumble of M'x'r's chuckle as she rubbed hard and finally threw back her head as she cried out her pleasure. Her pussy spasmed, almost too full to climax, fluttering around the cock inside of it and unable to clench down the way she normally could... there was no space for her to clench down around. The ecstasy became more intense, almost painful, as her pussy tried to squeeze the cock inside of it and her aching muscles found that they couldn't tighten at all. 

Writhing on top of M'x'r's body, she rubbed her clit hard, barely noticing as he began to undulate beneath her, shoving his cock in hard and deep. It bounced off her cervix, sending fire bursts through her pleasure, her body overwhelmed by climaxing around such a huge cock. 

Chryssa's hand dropped away from her throbbing clit, the intense sensations becoming too much for her to handle. She moaned as M'x'r's strong hands began to lift and drop her on his cock as he thrust from beneath her. Feeling limp as a ragdoll, she couldn't stop the bursts of ecstasy mingled with pain that shuddered through her overextended pussy. After shocks of her orgasm burst even as she began to struggle slightly, her nerves and synapses overloaded. 

"Oh please!" Chryssa grasped his wrists, hanging on for dear life as M'x'r's thrusts went into overdrive.

He was destroying her pussy, and there was nothing she could do to stop him. He was so much bigger and stronger than her, even when she was on top, holding her in place as he fucked her good and hard. She could even imagine what it would have been like if he'd been on top.

Another orgasm wracked her as his cock pushed deep, the tip right next to her womb. She screamed as he pushed into her cervix and began to spurt. It was painful fire and blossoming ecstasy, all rolled together until she couldn't tell which was which. The intensity was too much, and white fireworks seemed to go off in front of her eyes as the darkness closed in.

******

Chryssa awoke, some hours later, to the sensation of something sliding out of her pussy. 

"Oooh..." she moaned, wincing in anticipation as she opened her eyes and closed her legs. To her surprise, the wince wasn't necessary. 
