 Matron and Tralik gave Chryssa a very restful day after her experience with M'x'r. Sure, she had her usual oral training session with Tralik, sucking his cock for nearly an hour as she got better and better at deep-throating, but he also gave her an orgasm by eating her out while he finger-fucked her ass. Chryssa still wasn't sure how she felt about the butt stuff, she couldn't help but blush red as he twisted his fingers back and forth in the tight hole, but she came incredibly hard anyway. Which was actually kind of more humiliating. It was just such an intimate area... at least he hadn't put a plug in it this time. They were definitely going easy on her. 

What she didn't realize was that Matron had talked to each of the males who had spent time with Chryssa, and they'd enjoyed her greediness for pleasure as much as they'd enjoyed the occasional blushes and moments of naivete, innocence and discovery. So she'd told Tralik to hold back on Chryssa's anal training, since that was definitely something that caused Chryssa's more innocent side to emerge. She was to be kept stretched, but not to get too used to being filled there.

After her training session with Tralik, Chryssa was given a light lunch and then she was massaged, pampered and oiled, making her feel all light and glowy. There were definitely some major perks to being a whore at House Exotica. Chryssa went to bed that night feel absolutely fantastic. 

Fortunately her pussy was feeling much better too, because the next day Lord Plath arrived back at House Exotica and, unusually, demanded her as his for the day. Matron was surprised, since normally the Licken Lord enjoyed having the females competing for his attention before he chose the lucky lady he was going to spend more time with, but who was she to argue with one of her best customers? She set his men up in the usual room, so that they could flirt and enjoy the women before choosing one to spend some quality time with, and went to get Chryssa. 

******

When Chryssa walked into the room, rather delighted that Lord Plath had asked for her again, she was surprised to see him sitting in a chair off to the side of the bed, looking rather moody. This particular pleasure room was set to be a sensual feast for the senses. The deep reds and blacks of the carpet, bed and draping fabrics made it seem like something almost out of a fairy-tale. The chair he was sitting on was a ruby wine color, its edges crusted with gold. 

She wondered what had put the Licken lord in such a bad mood. He was practically glowering at her from his seat, his handsome features brooding. Like before, his very presence made her feel antsy and excited. Out of all the males she'd met, no matter the pleasure they'd given her, he was certainly the one that she was most attracted to. 

"Hello my Lord, it's a pleasure to see you again," she said, walking forward and enjoying the way her dress brushed against her legs and nipples. The dark rose color of the fabric went well with the room and she knew she must look rather pretty.

A flare of lust filled his eyes before his face settled back into a scowl. "Is it?" he asked, sardonically. 

Chryssa stifled a sigh. She'd dealt with men in moods before, just not since coming to House Exotica. Was it her job to tease him out of the mood? That's what she'd always done with her brother, Jed, at home. Then again, she ignored most other men's issues when they were having them. Did she care enough to try and cheer the Licken lord up? It wasn't something she normally had the patience for. 

She wasn't sure what Matron would expect of her. After all, she'd come into the room, expressed a pleasantry, moved seductively the way she'd been taught... so why wasn't he getting up from his chair and fucking her? This was not how she'd expected her next encounter with Lord Plath to go. She'd expected it to be a lot more pleasant. Ecstatic even. If he was going to be a boor, why couldn't he have chosen one of the other women? They were probably far more experienced at dealing with a grouchy man than Chryssa was. She didn't want to coddle him, she just wanted to have sex. 

"Should it not be?" she asked, trying to keep her voice level, but a little bit of her temper leaked in. No longer trying to be seductive, she strolled over to the bed and hopped up onto it, sitting mere feet away from him. He turned his head, some of his scowl lines fading as he looked over her legs. Since the "dresses" House Exotica provided were slit entirely up the sides, the fabric always fell between her thighs when she sat down, exposing her legs all the way up to the belt that cinched at her waist. The sides gaped too, showing off the edges of her breasts, but the Licken wasn't in a position to be able to see that. 

The silence stretched between them again as he studied her. Chryssa waited patiently, although he was rapidly running through her small store of the virtue.

"I don't normally return to House Exotica after so short a period of time," he finally said, his voice clipped, as if he was admitting something that he didn't want to. Chryssa didn't understand why that would be such a hard thing to say.

"Okaaaaay," she said, drawing out the word as she raised an eyebrow at him. She hoped he wasn't going to just want to sit here and talk. Not that she minded talking as a rule, but she'd been expecting a much more sexually pleasurable afternoon when she'd been told that Lord Plath had requested her services. Already she was aroused and remembering just how pleasurable her last experience had been with him. How commanding and dominating he'd been. So this dragging conversation wasn't really living up to her expectations of him. 

His eyes narrowed. "And I don't normally request the services of a particular whore."

Chryssa rolled her eyes. He'd said it as if he was trying to insult her, but she'd come to accept what she was. For now. Wasn't like she had much of a choice, but she didn't exactly hate what she was doing anymore. 

"Don't roll your eyes at me," he snapped. Which made her want to roll them again, but she didn't. Instead she just sighed. 

"I don't really know what you want me to say," she said truthfully, deciding that she didn't care enough to try and tease him out of his mood. Sure, she'd done it for Jed, but that's because he was her brother. Here at House Exotica, she was a whore. She had to fuck the clientele, but as far as she knew, she didn't have responsibilities other than that. "I'm honored?"

"Is that a question?" His voice was icy, something that Chryssa was fast losing patience with. Actually, she felt that she'd been plenty patient already. 

Why the hell had he requested her if he didn't want to fuck her?

"No," she snapped. "I changed my mind, I'm not honored. Now are you going to fuck me or not?"

Instead of responding, the Licken studied her, his scowl smoothing out until his face was completely blank of any emotion. It was a little disconcerting. Although she could see the large bulge that had grown at his groin. But if he was so turned on, why wasn't he getting down to business?

Despite their stupid conversation, she was still horny. Actually, having him just staring at her like that was making her more so. Something about his intense gaze made her feel all wriggly and tingly inside. 

Forget this.

"If you're not going to fuck me, then I can just take care of myself," she said, scooting back on the bed and turning onto her back. Staring at the ceiling would be less confusing than looking back at him. "Feel free to join in whenever you feel like getting what you paid for."

Because she sure wasn't going to just sit around having meaningless conversation when they could be doing something a lot more fun. That sounded boring, for one, and definitely not what she was being 'paid' to do. Besides, she was horny. If he just wanted to sit there and brood, that didn't mean she had to do the same. 

The second her hand slid under the fabric covering her pussy, an iron band wrapped around her wrist and she squeaked as she suddenly found both of her arms pinioned above her head. Blinking, she looked up into the intensely hungry face of Lord Plath. His body pressed against hers, leaning his weight on her, as the air rushed from her lungs. 

"You will not touch yourself," he said. Ordered, really. The domineering tone of voice made her pussy clench even as it ticked her off. 

"Worked, didn't it?" she sassed back, rocking her hips against him. 

The lord growled and lifted himself, pulling her up the bed by her wrists like she weighed nothing. Chryssa didn't try to fight, since it seemed like they were finally getting somewhere. Something soft and seemingly yielding wrapped around her wrists and then tightened and Chryssa tugged. Her pulse accelerated as her wrists stayed completely immobile. 

She twisted her head up and groaned, recognizing the Bindu chains that she'd been restrained with for Hrrak. Lord Plath chuckled as he slid down the bed, grasping one of her ankles and pulling it towards the bottom of the bed to wrap another Bindu chain around it.

"Recognize these, little Terran?" he asked, taking her other ankle and spreading her wide open before attaching the last chain. The soft chains held her completely immobilized, her arms stretched above her head, her legs splayed wide apart. The fabric of her dress draped down the center of her body, but Chryssa doubted her covered state was going to last very long. 

"You don't need these," she said, trying to tug her wrists free again. Not that she really objected to being tied up like this, somehow it made her feel even more turned on to be totally helpless in front of him. 

"Apparently I do, greedy girl," he said, almost absently as he began to undo her belt, tossing it to the side, before removing the clips holding her dress together at the shoulders and pulling off the fabric covering her. Like unwrapping a present. "Your job is to pleasure me, not yourself."

At least he didn't seem to be in his mood anymore. Chryssa was much happier with this turn of events, even if she couldn't touch him back. She really, really wanted to. Especially because he was taking his time about getting undressed now that she was bare to him. His movements were almost leisurely as piece after piece of his clothing dropped to the floor. Chryssa was becoming more and more aroused, watching him slowly strip down, revealing all those hard muscles, and that wonderful cock. 

"Fuck me," she demanded, arching her back to thrust up her breasts. Hoping to tempt him into speeding things up. 

Kneeling between her legs, totally naked now, the Licken wrapped his hand around his cock and pumped it a few times, hissing in pleasure as he squeezed the fat head. Chryssa whimpered, her hips coming up to show off her wet pussy to him. 

"Greedy little Terran," the Licken murmured, releasing his cock and getting onto all fours to hover over her. Chryssa undulated, her nipples and mound brushing against him, but he was too far away for her to get any more stimulation than that. "We're going at my pace, not yours."

"Your pace is too slow," she complained, scowling as he chuckled at her. Then he lowered his mouth to hers for a kiss. Immediately, Chryssa parted her lips, her tongue aggressively moving to slide between his lips. She could feel him still chuckling as they kissed, and she sucked his tongue into her mouth, suckling on it the way she'd been taught to suck a cock. 

Groaning, Lord Plath deepened the kiss, although his body still remained too far away for her writhing body to do anything more than brush against it. It was incredible torture as he kissed her passionately, but withheld any other kind of real contact. The inability to move, to touch him, was driving her a little bit mad... and at the same time, she loved it. Knowing that he had complete control over her body and her pleasure was as sexy as it was frustrating.

When he pulled away from the kiss, Chryssa whimpered, disappointed that he'd ceased even that small amount of contact.

Then his mouth came down on her collarbone and she whimpered again, for an entirely different reason, as his teeth scraped over the area. Each kiss was like a little lick of flame against her skin, making her burn hotter and hotter as he worked his way down to her breasts. Her nipples were standing out from her chest, budded and throbbing, aching for attention as his cheek brushed against them but his tongue avoided them. 

"Please," she begged, arching her back and thrusting her breasts up, trying to angle the closest nipple nearer to his mouth. "Please... more..."

Lord Plath knelt up, shaking his head, amusement across his features. "I think perhaps this will go better if you can't speak, as well," he mused. 

Apparently he was very familiar with the room they were in, because he pushed against the headboard of the bed and a compartment popped open. Chryssa's eyes widened as she realized he was holding a gag. She opened her mouth to protest, and then quickly snapped it shut as he brought it near her lips.

The glared she gave him only made him chuckle. With his free hand he pinched one of her swollen nipples. The treacherous bud throbbed. It had been so eager to be touched, so needy, that she couldn't help the moan that rose from her chest as he increased the exquisite pressure on the small nub. He used that moment, that slight relaxing of her jaw, to press the gag into her mouth.

It was made of the same stuff as the Bindu chains, filling her mouth easily and yet still giving her room to breath. She could bite it, open her mouth wide, and either way it just compressed and expanded to accommodate her movements. There would be no getting rid of it. 

Chryssa screamed her frustration as Lord Plath returned his attention to her breasts, but only a muffled sound emerged. 

He had meant want he said about taking his time. She watched as his green hands plumped and kneaded her breasts, his own fascination with watching her pale skin spill between his colored fingers was obvious. The wet rasp of his tongue teased her areola but barely brushed her nipples. 

Now, with her mouth filled, she couldn't even beg him to move faster. All she could do was writhe and moan as he took his time. The lower half of her body throbbed with need, completely ignored by him for the moment, as he played with her breasts, building her arousal and sinking her into a sensual haze. All of Chryssa's senses were completely focused on what he was doing to her; what she could watch, how his hands and tongue felt, the spicy, masculine scent of his skin and the taste of the Bindu gag in her mouth. 

She couldn't tell how long he played with her breasts, driving her mad with the need that was filling her skin, before he finally sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. Pleasure exploded, tingling through her, and Chryssa gasped behind her gag, writhing and tugging at the restraints... it felt like an orgasm, but her pussy was so empty. She convulsed as Lord Plath took long, hard pulls of her nipple, his teeth digging into her breast flesh. When he released the swollen bud and turned his attentions to the other, she found herself shuddering in sensual pleasure again.

The small climaxes weren't enough though, they only fed the need between her legs rather than satiating it. She felt high, drunk on the endorphins running through her. Every inch of skin tingled and she felt almost like she was floating. Then he ran his hands down her sides, his thumbs brushing over the sensitive skin between her hips and mound, and the need inside of her rocketed higher. 

The mewling, needy sounds she was making behind her gag seemed to please him as he looked down at her anxious face. Chryssa felt like she was going to die if he didn't make her really cum soon... like her skin was going to sizzle right off of her. If her hands had been free, she would have been grabbing at him, clawing at him for her release. The fact that she couldn't move and was completely at her mercy made her even wetter as she struggled against it.

"Such a pretty, wet pussy," Lord Plath said, his eyes practically glowing as he knelt back. His hands pressed against her inner thighs, his thumbs spreading her labia wide so that he could inspect the inner pink petals. Cool air brushed over her most sensitive parts as she moaned again, wanting, needing, more contact from him. "Look at how swollen your clit is."

As he commented on the engorged nub, he ran his thumb up the center of her wet slit and circled it around her clit, making Chryssa's hips rock as she tried to squirm into a position where the stimulation would be more direct. Lord Plath just chuckled, his thumb moving and rubbing, but not touching the swollen bud directly. Tears of frustration began to well up in Chryssa's eyes, her throat and chest felt tight from the dire need that was swamping her. She'd never felt like this in her life and she wasn't sure if she loved it or hated it. 

On one hand, she didn't want this overwhelming tumult of sensations to ever end... on the other, if he didn't finish her soon, she thought she might go mad. 

She practically levitated as he slid one long finger inside of her, finally giving her pussy something to grip as it contracted wildly. So wonderful, and yet so not enough. Chryssa writhed, her pussy spasming as pleasure coursed through her, aching for more. Her muffled pleas made her sound like a dog begging for a treat, but she was too far gone to care. Pride didn't matter at a moment like this, when her physical demands far outweighed her mental. 

Lord Plath added a second finger and began pumping them hard and fast. If she wasn't so wet, the rough thrusting would probably have been painful, but Chryssa's body gloried in the stimulation. A quick swipe over her swollen clit had her screaming into the gag, her pussy shuddering as it tightened down on his fingers. Ecstasy careened through her with all the subtlety of a space shuttle, blazing a trail of fire and heat. 

His fingers curled and she screamed again as her g-spot throbbed under the stroking assault. The rapture was almost too powerful to bear, but there was no way to stop him from tormenting her pussy in this new way. First too little, then too much... Chryssa felt like her mind was spiraling into darkness as the sensations bombarded her. 

When he replaced his fingers with his cock, she didn't have the energy to scream, even as her pleasure wound around her core. The thick head of his cock pushed into her body, stretching her muscles so that they ached with the strain of accommodating him. The buzzing ribbing along the length of his shaft titillated her pussy lips as the rings passed through them into her eager hole. 

Chryssa moans became almost continuous as Lord Plath buried himself inside of her, his own groans much louder than hers. Just as before, he took his time, his slow thrusts were hard and deep and thorough. The pleasure of his alien cock inside of her made her writhe as small bursts of orgasm exploded inside of her. Her pussy couldn't stop quivering around him as the vibrating rings along the length of his cock massaged her walls, the thick, rounded head pushing deep into her body. His hard groin rubbed against her clit with every slow stroke, driving her wild. 

She longed to cling to him. To wrap her legs around his waist and urge him to move faster, harder. Chryssa wanted him to pound her, to wreck her, to completely satiate her. The feeling of his cock moving inside of her was rapturous and yet she still wanted more. 

When he pulled the gag out of her mouth, she only had a moment before his lips were on hers, his tongue sliding into her mouth, thrusting the way his cock was. Chryssa nearly bit his tongue as she cried out. The roughness of his thrusts were increasing, his cock burrowing so deeply inside of her that he felt almost as big as M'x'r, even though she knew he couldn't possibly be. But she was so wonderfully full, her pussy buzzing with his cock, and the sensations were so intense after his teasing, that she was just as overwhelmed as she had been with the other alien. 
