 Even though Chryssa had steeled herself to not expect Lord Plath to return so soon, she still felt a moment of disappointment when her next client came in and was definitely not the Licken. Although, that disappointment only lasted for, literally, a moment, before it was overtaken by a kind of horrified fascination. 

During breakfast, Matron hadn't told her that she'd have a client that day, so Chryssa hadn't been able to ask any of the other women about him. It wasn't until that afternoon, after her training, that Chryssa had been de-plugged and told that she would be working. 

The set up was a little unusual. Matron had stripped Chryssa down herself, leaving her completely naked, before bringing her to a room that had absolutely no furniture. Not even a chair for Chryssa to sit on. Instead the floor and walls were carpeted with a soft, plush material that made her want to lay down and roll around a little. The ceiling, however, was mirrored, and Chryssa found herself staring up at it, fascinated by the sight of her naked bosom from that angle, while she waited for the client.

Matron didn't even give her a name or what planet he was from, which was part of why Chryssa had half-hoped that maybe Lord Plath hadn't been able to stay away.

As soon as she saw him, Chryssa wondered if Matron's unusual behavior had been on purpose. It reminded her of when Matron had set her up with Hrrak, not telling her anything beforehand. Except that Chryssa wasn't exactly scared, okay maybe a bit, but mostly she was confused. How on earth was she supposed to pleasure this thing? And how the heck was it supposed to pleasure her?

It looked a little bit like a snake, except that it was much longer and much, much thicker around. Big enough that she could probably ride it like a horse. At least fifteen feet long, he (she? it?) was so thick that she wasn't sure she would be able to wrap her arms around it. If she got that close. It had the same blunt, triangular head a snake, and the tail tapered off like a snake. It also had patterns down its back that were quite beautiful, even though the colors were much brighter and more vibrant than any snake's she'd ever seen.

The creature didn't quite move like a snake though. The first six feet or so of it's body was upright, while the rest of it slithered behind... that part moved like a snake, it was just that she'd never seen one more upright. Its eyes weren't totally snake-like either, they were multi-colored, and as it came closer, she realized that they were multi-faceted too, more like an insect's than a Terran snake's. 

Then she realized that it was coming closer and she was just standing there. 

"Um, hello," she said, nervously, backing up. The emptiness of the room now seemed kind of foreboding... there was nothing for her to hide behind. "I'm Chryssa... uh... you are?"

The creature made a hissing noise and a long forked tongue flicked out of its mouth. Chryssa gulped. That was definitely snake-like. 

"Um... sorry, do you speak Terran? Or Galactic?"

She hit the wall with her back and gasped again. Nowhere to back up now and the snake alien kept coming closer. She had to tilt her head back to look up at its face.

Closing her eyes, she clenched her fists and tried not to whimper. "Please don't eat me."

"Hold still, Terran." The softly hissing syllables were all that kept her from outright panicking. Chryssa flinched as she felt something soft flicker over her face. Like a feather. Even without opening her eyes, she realized that it was the thing's tongue. When it didn't immediately bite her, she peeked out at it. She could swear the thing was laughing at her, its tongue flicking out of its mouth again. There were no discernible facial cues to tell her that it was amused, but she just got that impression.

Okay. She could do this. Hrrak had been pretty scary too at first. She didn't think that House Exotica would let clients harm the goods, so to speak. Wouldn't be very smart, and she'd certainly never heard any of the other girls say that they'd ever been in danger. 

Bending down, it nosed against her breasts, making her hold her breath again as she waited to see what it would do. The scales on its body were soft and sleek, in some ways it kind of reminded her of the lizard alien. Well, both were reptilian after all. She'd enjoyed that encounter, she reminded herself. So this alien looked like a snake instead of a lizard... so what? It was way too big to be any species of Terran snake. Plus, the intelligence in its eyes was quite keen. Apparently it didn't like to talk much, but then, what about sex really needed a lot of talk?

The alien's nose went down further and nudged between her legs. Chryssa opened them further, spreading her thighs wider as its blunt nose pressed into her pussy. Did it really matter what the alien looked like, as long as she got off? Although, as amused as the creature was, she also got the impression that it rather liked her hesitation and her anxiety. Maybe it had even requested that she not be prepared for its appearance.

Then again, Matron seemed to like her unprepared for a lot of things, so who knew.

"OH!" she gasped as its tongue slid inside of her. It was long and flexible... and kind of reminded her of Hrrak again, in the way it bunched and thrust into her. The creature's thick, blunt nose rubbed against her wet pussy lips and clit, and it felt different, but good. 

Suddenly, something pressed against her thighs and she looked down to see that it had a kind of hood, almost like a cobra, but it went all the way around its head. It had unfurled, pushing at her legs and forcing them farther apart. Gently, Chryssa placed her hands on the broad surface; finding it surprisingly strong and sturdy, she leaned her weight onto the alien so that she could spread her legs as wide as it wanted her to. The spread forced her pussy lips apart further, letting the creature nose in her wet folds even more. 

Moaning, Chryssa decided to stop being scared... the alien obviously wanted to pleasure her, and even if their physiology wasn't at all alike, who cared as long as it got her off? She began rubbing her pussy against its nose, her inner walls clenching around that flexible tongue as it rubbed over her g-spot. Balancing wasn't easy, even with the frilled hood for support, but she managed. Heck, to get off, she figured she could manage just about anything.

Just when she was really starting to get into it, the support suddenly disappeared as the alien flipped its hood back. With a shriek, Chryssa found herself falling... right into the alien's coils. They were warm and hard, heavily muscled, and kind of slick against her naked skin. The thick coils ran through her legs, sliding across her wet pussy and making her moan, even as her heart pounded from the adrenaline rush.

Something stopped the movement of her body, something hard and thick and she looked down, gasping as she saw the cock that had emerged from a slit in the alien's body. It was long and green, but a completely different green from Lord Plath's. Much lighter colored, and brighter, almost neon. The cock was tapered, much thicker at the base than it was at the tip. 

The alien coiled around her upper body, lifting her just enough to lower her wet pussy onto its cock. Chryssa shivered at the feel of its strong length wrapped around her body, making her feel tiny and incredibly vulnerable, because she suspected it could easily crush her if it wanted to. He - she realized - it had a cock, so it was obviously a he. 

"Oh yes," she said, moaning as he slid his cock into her, taking her with one hard thrust. Her pussy was stretched wide by the time her splayed thighs settled on his body, her legs easily wrapping around the rounded length of him. 

Coils moved against her body, sliding over her skin... the upper and lower lengths of his coils were so long that he was able to wrap her completely, running his body along each of her limbs, so that she couldn't even tell where he began or ended. It was just endless smooth coils, rubbing against her, while she bounced and shuddered on his cock. Even as her hands tried to grip the writhing coils, they slid through her palms, making her feel almost as though she was falling, only the hard cock keeping her from tumbling to the ground.

It was exhilarating in a terrifying way, and the tension inside of her grew and flared, her pussy gripping the alien's tapered cock as her pleasure rose. Chryssa moaned, rubbing herself against the endless coils, even more turned on as they tightened around her, making her breath come in short pants. Hot bursts of ecstasy fired off in her brain; the harder it was to breath, the better it felt. Fear flickered through her even as her passion peaked. 

She screamed and then gasped for air as her entire body tightened and ecstasy burst through her. She couldn't get quite enough breath, but somehow that just made her climax even more intense, adrenaline rushing through her body along with the heightening rapture. The tapered cock thickened inside of her as she spasmed around it, her legs kicking as the coils tightened even further.

Something scalding hot flared inside of her and she cried out, her body arching and writhing as the hot alien cum filled it. It was much hotter than any previous alien's jizz she'd encountered... not hot enough to burn or injure her, but definitely enough that she could feel the difference. Her pussy fluttered as the flashes of pleasure and pain intertwined and her orgasm went into overload. Blackness crawled at the edges of her vision as she struggled for air...

And the coils suddenly released, the cock retracting so quickly that Chryssa's pussy ached from the sudden emptiness. The alien's body was back to being smooth all over, and she found herself gently sliding down to the soft carpet. Her lungs burned a bit as she sucked in great amounts of air.

The alien's blunt face hovered over her, its tongue flicking out and tickling her cheeks. Chryssa giggled a bit through her gasps for breath. 

"I'm okay," she said. Her thighs pressed together and she shuddered a bit as another small orgasm shivered through her. An after-climax to the larger one she'd just experienced. Her pussy throbbed pleasantly. "Very okay... Just... Catching my breath." 

"Goooood," he hissed. That one word seemed to exhaust his vocabulary. 

She reached out with tentative finger and gently touched the snake-like head. The alien's tongue flickered and it moved in such a way to make her stroke his head. Chryssa giggled again, feeling very good now that she was getting her breath back. Now he didn't seem nearly as frightening as he had when she'd first seen him. 

Seemingly assured she was alright, the alien nosed her cheek and then turned and pushed its long body towards the door. Sighing, feeling satisfied, Chryssa let herself just relax on the rug. It was nice and soft against her body.

The door opened again and she cracked an eyelid. Matron stood in the door, her large, lumbering body filling it almost completely. Platter-sized hands on her hips, she shook her head.

"Up lazy girl. We need to get this room cleaned up and you as well, you have another client coming later tonight. Go bath and eat and prepare yourself."

Feeling surprised, since she hadn't ever had two clients in one day, Chryssa stood. She wasn't feeling all that charitable towards Matron right now, after the scare she'd had since Matron hadn't prepared her for the snake-like alien. However, she didn't really want a spanking right now either, especially since she was feeling so good and she apparently had another alien to satisfy this evening. Fortunately, she wasn't feeling too worn out, just a little sore around her ribs.

Scowling a bit, she pushed herself up to her feet and flounced out of the room, completely bare. Cum was just starting to drip down her thighs. As she left, she heard Matron muttering under her breath. Probably insults, but Chryssa didn't care. She'd gotten everything she wanted.