 Chryssa found two of the other women waiting for her when she returned to her room. She questioned them, wanting to know about the snake-like alien she'd just serviced, but neither of them had ever heard of such a creature. Then again, one said, the universe was huge and there were far more species out there than ever made it to House Exotica. None of them realized just how far Chryssa's reputation had spread across the galaxies. 

One of the women pressed a thin tube into Chryssa's pussy, flooding it with warm water and washing out the alien's cum, before they helped her to bathe and oil her body. She dressed in a dark blue dress with silver clips and belt before going to dinner with them. Chryssa had become accustomed to being naked around the other women and having them touch her, even ones that she didn't know as well. It was just part of being in the House. That was the first time she'd had her pussy cleaned out though, and she assumed it was to ensure she was fresh for the evening. 

After dinner, Tralik came to get her. She questioned him about the alien from the morning and he just shrugged.

"I'm not sure, Matron handled the appointment. I hadn't seen one like him before, but we get all sorts through here. Be prepared for anything. Especially tonight. Your client is a very special kind of alien, name is unpronounceable to us. Just let him wrap around you and you'll be fine."

"What do you mean, wrap around me?" Chryssa asked, confused. Tralik rolled his eyes as he led her back to the room that she'd been in that afternoon. No furniture again. He reached out and took her belt, unclipping the shoulder clips and taking the fabric covering her. 

"Do you have to question everything? Just wait and see and it'll be clear. It's not your place to ask all these questions anyway, just to make sure the clients enjoy themselves. You're doing a good job so far, don't ruin it."

Tralik turned her around and gave her a sharp smack on the ass, making Chryssa jump and squeal. Rubbing the sore spot on her bottom, she turned and glared over her shoulder as he exited the room. Leaving her alone, in an empty space. 

Sighing, Chryssa hoped she wouldn't be waiting here too long. She could easily get bored. Although, she supposed she could always play with herself, if she got too bored. It wasn't as much fun as being pleasured by a male, but she hated waiting too.

Just before she decided to lay down on the soft carpet and entertain herself, the door to the room slid open. Like this morning, Chryssa stared in shock at her client. 

"Oh... my..." she finally said, as the door slid shut behind the entity. It looked... well it looked like a blob of jelly. See through jelly. It was roundish, but its surface rippled and moved, never still for a single second. There were no external limbs or organs or even a face. It was the most ALIEN alien she'd ever seen. No wonder Tralik had said it was a "special" kind of alien!

Although at least it wasn't as scary as the snake thing. She just had no idea what to expect.

"Hello," she said, cautiously, taking a step towards it. The blob had stopped inside the door, its surface practically vibrating. As soon as she stepped towards it, the surface rippled and it moved forward again. Chryssa got the impression that it was dragging itself across the floor in a kind of rolling movement. She couldn't help but look at the carpet that it passed over, wondering if it would be wet or slimy, but the carpet looked untouched. 

As it drew nearer, Chryssa held out her hand with curious fingers. The blob slowed and then stopped, just at her fingertips, so that she could touch it. The cool surface moved beneath her fingers, curiously elastic, like pressing against jello.

Suddenly the tension of the surface gave way, sucking her fingers into its mass, and Chryssa squeaked in surprise. It didn't hurt, it was more like putting her hand into cool water, if water was solid. Still, it was more than a little disturbing to see her fingers inside of the alien's body.

"I'm sorry," she said, tugging, but her hand stuck fast. "Um... How do I get my hand out?"

Coolness rippled, making her squeak again, as the alien moved and suddenly she was up to elbow in its body. She stared. Was this was Tralik had meant by "let it wrap around you"? As interesting as the alien was, she was starting to become a little bit frightened too. Two highly unusual aliens in one day... no matter how horny she was, she couldn't help but wish for a nice simple humanoid. 

Like the alien earlier, this one didn't seem to be able to communicate with her either. So she just stood there and let it move against her and then around her. Her skin tingled as it enfolded her inside of its body, the coolness of its jelly-like substance making her nipples harden immediately. The thing rolled until she was in the center of it, only her head remaining outside.

She was entirely under its control, even more so than she had been when Lord Plath had put the Bindu chains on her. She couldn't move a single inch of her body, not even a finger or toe. But the creature could move around her. The ripples of its surface continued in its interior, moving over her skin, caressing every inch of her all at once. 

Chryssa moaned as her breasts were plumped, her nipples pulled, her hips and sides and back massaged. Even her legs and toes were attended to, as if something was sucking on each one of the tiny digits. Coolness parted her pussy lips, enveloping her clit and labia, stimulating every nerve ending. She gasped, and would have writhed if she could, but all she could do was vocalize her enjoyment as her entire body tingled and flared under the alien's touch.

Pressure pushed against her pussy hole, and then something cool and hard thrust up into her. Its sexual organs were inside of it! Chryssa gasped as the alien cock thrust deep, caressing her pussy lips and clit at the same time. She barely had a moment to get used to the thick length in her pussy, than her ass was suddenly opening up as well. 

"Oh! Oh... please..." Chryssa's anus tingled as the tiny nerve endings were stimulated, her sphincter being forced open by a cool rod. It burned as her muscles stretched, her cheeks flushing with her usual embarrassed reaction as her backside was violated. Yet her pussy spasmed around the thick length already inside of her, her body enjoying the additional pleasure with its little bite of pain.

The cocks began moving, pushing deeper, stretching her wide. Whatever the alien was pushing inside of her, sexual organs or not, it could change the dimensions of them. Her ass felt stuffed, like the alien was pushing deeper into her than she'd ever felt anything go. It was humiliating and arousing all at the same time. The thick rod in her pussy was pumping her so good, that even if she could have formed a coherent sentence, she probably wouldn't have asked it to stop. 

Both of her holes stretched and pulsed, squeezing the thick, slick, pumping cocks. She felt like she was lost in a sea of pleasure, every inch of her caressed and sexually stimulated. It was completely overwhelming, almost frightening in its intensity.

The sensations were consuming her, her entire body being massaged and fucked all at once. She could swear she even felt something sliding up and down between her breasts as they were squeezed and kneaded. The alien was fucking every part of her that it could reach and caressing the rest. It was like her entire body 

She screamed as she came, her entire body bowing as ecstasy filled her from the inside. It felt like the pleasure was too big to hold inside of her skin, and yet she couldn't make it stop. The alien wrapped around her just kept moving, kept stroking, kept pumping. Tears sprang into her eyes and began to flow down her cheeks. She wanted to struggle against the sensual assault, to lessen it so that she could catch her breath, but there was no stopping the alien. There was no way to move.

All she could do was take the relentless pounding of her pussy and ass, as both holes spasmed and clenched, her nipples turning to throbbing buds that were ready to explode on her chest. She came again, screaming her rapture, shaking inside of the rippling alien. Its body encased hers, smothering her with pleasure. 

The passion and orgasmic bliss welled up inside of her, going on and on and on until she thought she might go mad. Each wave was more intense than the last, carrying her on a chaotic riptide. Her clit felt like it had swollen to three times its normal size and was five times as sensitive. Her pussy was convulsing almost non-stop, her ass sore from the rough pounding, and yet the pleasure still continued.

Chryssa's eyes rolled back into her head as she finally fainted, overwhelmed by the strange alien's ardor. 

******

When she woke up, she was back in her own room, in her bed. The smell of food was what had woken her. She was starving. The second she started to sit up, she moaned. Both her pussy and ass throbbed. Lifting the sheet, she looked down her body to her sore pussy, with its puffy pink lips and her swollen clit which was still protruding slightly from her body. Her asshole felt especially tender as she sat up.

She had a dim memory of waking up from her faint, still in the throes of orgasm, while the alien had continued to fuck her relentlessly. The thing had fucked her unconscious, fucked her back awake and then back into unconsciousness again. She'd never experienced anything like it. At one time, she would have said there couldn't be too much of a good thing, but right now, she wasn't sure she ever wanted to see one of those aliens - whatever they were - again. That had been far, far too much. Constant pleasure like that would drive a Terran woman insane. She couldn't help but wonder what a humanoid woman's appeal would be to an alien like that, but then again, she didn't really understand what males were attracted to in general.

Merxia and some of the other women had commented on Chryssa's popularity, her constant flow of clients. None of them seemed jealous, except about Lord Plath. After all, he was very popular and some of the other women had been incredulous that he'd returned and asked specifically for her, rather than choosing from a bevy of women all vying to pleasure him. Chryssa picked up a piece of meat from the tray that had been left for her, popping it in her mouth as she tried to ignore the aches in her body and thought about the strangeness of males. 

Most of the women had posited that Chryssa was popular because she was new and Terran. Terrans weren't very populous, compared to the rest of the galaxy, and they hardly ever saw other species except those that were captured and taken from Terra. That made sense to Chryssa, somewhat, except that the other women at House Exotica were also humanoid, most of them, and much more accomplished than her. 

Although, she supposed she couldn't complain. If Matron truly did tally the amounts Chryssa earned, then maybe "earning" her freedom wouldn't take too long. Escaping was seeming less and less important every day. After all, she was fed, pampered, clothed... and while the Terrans back on Terra would have called her all sorts of nasty names, she was having the time of her life. Mountains of pleasure was not exactly a bad thing. 

Freedom was important as a concept, but Chryssa didn't mind staying at House Exotica for a little longer. As long as nothing bad happened to her, she was running out of motivation to leave any time soon. Somewhere, in the back of her mind, she admitted to herself that it might have something to do with that Licken Lord. She couldn't help but hope he'd come back for her again. Even with all the pleasure that the jelly-thing had brought her today, there was just something more special about her time with him. Something that made him stand out in her mind. Something that made her want to be here, when he came back.