 "Another one?" Chryssa whined, after Tralik gave her the news. He pulled up his pants, wiping the last drops of cum on her lips as she knelt in front of him. The Trainer had praised her that she'd become a fantastic little cock-sucker, and then told her that she had a client that afternoon.

Chryssa wasn't exactly thrilled. She'd woken up still sore from her two clients yesterday, especially the jelly-thing (which still, no one had given her a name for), and she was a bit tired. She hadn't even tried to seduce Tralik into fucking her instead of making her practice deep-throating. House Exotica usually gave its females time in between clients to recover, that's what she'd been told. Quality over quantity, which was why it had the best reputation in the galaxy, and also charged the most exorbitant prices.

What she didn't realize was how in demand she'd become, causing Matron to flex her own rules. The clients that were willing to pay extra money, so that they didn't have to wait, in order to enjoy this novelty were the ones making it through to Chryssa now. 

"Besides," Tralik said, tweaking her nipple, "you can't tell me you don't enjoy it. If you had today off, by tomorrow you'd be cranky for a client again." Well that was true enough. Tralik gave her a smack on the ass, turning her towards the door. "Go to the spa. Matron wants you massaged and oiled, then you can have lunch before your client."

"What's his name? Where's he from?"

"Brik and he's from Hades."

Chryssa wrinkled her nose. "Seriously, there's a planet called Hades?"

"Sweetheart, there's a planet out there called just about anything. Now get moving, you're eating into your pampering time."

And Chryssa did like to be pampered. She rolled her eyes at Tralik, who had become much more lenient with her after she'd become a more enthusiastic student, and left the room.

******

Hadesians looked like demons. That was what Merxia told her over lunch. Big, red, flying demons. Chryssa decided that Merxia was pulling her leg. It sounded like something out of the illustrated books that the Elders had back on Terra, that they used to scare little kids with. 

She was feeling much better after her time at the spa. They'd rubbed oil all over her body and massaged every sore muscle - inside and out. It had been a VERY enjoyable visit for Chryssa, even if the orgasm hadn't been a huge one, it had gotten her nice and revved up for her client. 

When Chryssa walked into the room that had been assigned to her, Brik was already in there, waiting. She gasped when she saw him. Merxia hadn't been lying at all! Brik looked EXACTLY like the Devil! His ruddy red skin made his black eyes look all the more ominous. He was very muscled, with the upper body of a man and some very hair legs that tapered down into large cloven hooves. The wings on his back were the same red of his skin, but also streaked with shadows. They were folded up against his body when she first walked in, and then they'd lifted when she'd gasped before he pulled them back in again. His face was too hard to be called handsome, and yet there was something infernally attractive about him. The thick cock hanging between his legs started to fill and straighten as she stared at him, and she nearly gasped again when his tail lashed around his leg and into her sight. 

"You - you're..." she stammered in shock. 

"Not the Devil," Brik said, in a deep, smooth voice. Impossibly, it felt like his voice was actually sliding through her body and rubbing up against her insides, as if it was a tangible thing. "Don't worry, it's a common Terran reaction. My kind used to visit your planet quite often, a millenia ago."

That stroking voice was doing all sorts of seductive and melting things to her insides. If Brik was telling the truth, it made sense that her people would remember something as potent and dangerous as his species. Everything about him seemed made for sex, just listening to him talk nearly put her into a sensual trance. 

He started to walk towards her, his cock jutting out in front of him like a massive ram, ready to batter down the entrance to her pussy. As dangerous as he looked, Chryssa could already feel her body responding. Her pussy was creaming, her hormones doing a little happy dance to that erotically charged voice, and she had no urge to back away from his advancing form. 

"It's been a long time since I've come to House Exotica, but I've heard that you're something quite special." He stopped about a foot away from her, looking her over as if to verify that statement.

Chryssa raised her eyebrows, licking her lips, which felt swollen and needy. She stepped towards him, drawn to him. 

"What's so special about me?" she asked. Her nipples rubbed against the inside of her dress. Between her legs, her pussy felt swollen and needy as the wet lips pressed together when she took a step. "I'm just doing my job."

Brik lifted one hand, his black eyes gleaming, as he brushed her hair away from her face. "Yes, but I've been told you do it with quite a bit of fervor. Already you're fulfilling your promise. You weren't afraid when you saw me, just surprised. You've been staring at my cock and already wondering what it will feel like inside of you. And, even though my voice is a draw, normally I have to concentrate to make it effect a woman to the level that you are. My voice draws out innermost desires, and all of yours are, apparently, to fuck."

"I like fucking," Chryssa said, smiling up at him as she placed one hand on his chest and wrapped the other around his cock. This time when she gasped, it was because his skin was far hotter than she'd expected. His cock pulsed in her hand, and she could feel the rabid beat of his heart under her other. Brik groaned, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her in close. His wings unfurled around them, cocooning them. It was like being suddenly enclosed in a hot, sensual cave. The promise of ecstasy hovered in the air.

Lips sought hers in the darkness and Chryssa moaned, opening her mouth to him. A forked tongue slid in, tasting her, tempting her. It flicked into her throat as his hands pulled her hard against him, one of them on her ass, the other already groping a breast. Heat flared and Chryssa squeaked as her skin flushed. 

Something metal clattered to the floor and she realized it was the clips that held the shoulders of her dress. He'd burned the fabric right off of her body, leaving only the belt behind. 

Lifting her easily into his arms, Brik arranged her so that she could wrap her legs around his hips, her pussy rubbing over the hot length of his cock, which was trapped between their bodies. As he walked over to the bed, his movements made her slide up and down his cock, her pussy lips splayed on either side of the hot rod, the thick head bumping against her stomach. Something moved over her buttocks and wrapped around her thigh, and it took Chryssa a moment to realize that it must be his tail. 

The heat vanished as his wings drew back and he tossed her onto the bed, crawling eagerly after her. Chryssa moaned as he grasped a breast in each hand, lowering his mouth to suck on her nipple. Sharp teeth scraped against tender flesh, making her shiver and whimper as a tiny flash of fear went through her. 

He made a contented moaning noise around her breast flesh, squeezing the mounds and kneading them with his hands. His hot touch had her writhing and arching beneath him, her pussy feeling like it was heating up to the same temperature as his body. 

"Oh!" she cried out as something pushed at her pussy. The only reason it was strange was because she could feel his cock laying hot and heavy against her inner thigh, down by her knee. So what was trying to enter her?

"It's just my tail," Brik said, lifting his black gaze to hers, smirking in an entirely masculine way. "Don't worry, dearheart, it will feel good."

The blunt end of his tail pushed between her pussy lips, swirling in her wetness, as he put his lips to her other nipple, sucking it into the hot cavern of his mouth. Chryssa dug her fingers into his shoulders as she writhed, her pussy clenching around his tail. It was tapered and blunt-ended, which meant the more that entered her, the more her walls were forced to stretch wide to accommodate it. The thick length pumped and twisted, going so deep inside of her that she swore she could almost feel it at the back of her throat.

Her passion rose as Brik alternated his attention between her nipples, licking and sucking and biting until the swollen buds felt like they were ready to explode. It felt so good that she though she might orgasm just from having his tail fucking her pussy while he lavished her nipples with attention, even though her needy clit wasn't getting any attention. The neglected bud kept trying to press against his body as her hips moved, but he was too far away.

"More," she begged, her writhing become less controlled, more passionate. "Please... more... I'm so close..."

The black pits of Brik's eyes started to glow with an unholy light. "Yes, Terran, beg me... tell me what you want."

"Fuck me." Her legs moved against his sides, trying to push herself along his body so that she could reach his cock. "Fuck me... suck my clit... just do something... oh god, I need to cum."

Brik hooked his arms underneath her legs, spreading them wide so that her knees nestled into the crooks of his elbows. Her feet pressed against his wings, which were half-spread over them, as if sheltering her from sight. The loss of his tail from her pussy made her reach for him, but in her current position he was too far away. Her hands fell back uselessly, so that she could dig her fingers into the bed in sexual frustration.

"Beautiful," Brik murmured, his voice rolling through her like hot pleasure, making her body quiver. The hot, hard cock pressed against her pussy and began to push inside.

Chryssa moaned as her hole was stretched. His tail had done a decent job of prepping her pussy for the invasion of his giant cock, but it still stretched her walls. Not as big as M'x'r had been, but the heat of him made him feel even more potent inside of her. Her lower body had already felt hot with need, now she felt about ready to crawl out of her own skin with it. 

"Yes," she begged, writhing, releasing her hold on the bed. One of her hands grabbed at her breast, squeezing the flesh roughly as she pinched her nipple, while her other delved between her thighs, rubbing her clit as she sought her own pleasure. Brik just laughed, and somehow his laugh fizzed and popped inside of her, vibrating through her like a rumble of thunder. It tickled her and made her throb at the same time. 

"That's it, play with yourself dearheart," Brik growled in his passion, thrusting deeper into her, splitting her open with his cock. Chryssa pressed her fingers harder against clit, the ache deep inside of her growing more desperate as Brick's cock slid back and forth in her tight channel. The heat was burning her alive, and there was nothing she could do but touch herself to try and quench the flames. His eyes were gleaming brighter now, if black could be said to be bright, watching her as she touched herself while he pushed his red cock deep into her body.

Chryssa was being fucked by a creature her people would call a devil, and she was loving it.

The wet, blunt end of his tail pressed against her ass and Chryssa howled as he pushed it into her, filling both of her holes. The heat filled her, stretching her open, consuming her, and she came hard as he stretched her completely. Her ass and pussy spasmed around him, her finger rubbing her clit hard as she screamed in ecstasy.

The waves engulfed her as he pounded between her legs, taking the pleasure to such heights that she pulled her hand away from her clit. The tiny bud needed surcease... instead it was pressed against his hot body, making it tingle and burn as he tilted her hips upwards, giving him a better angle to forcefully fuck her into the bed. Chryssa put her hands above her head, pressing them against the headboard as her body was rocked and pushed. Her breasts jiggled wildly as the devil alien ravished her holes, fulfilling all the promises of sin that she'd been warned about by the Elders. 

Rapture spiraled around her again, building and building. He was rubbing every inch of her sensitive inner flesh, going so deep in her ass that she couldn't tell if she was feeling pleasure or pain. The heat was burning her alive and she welcomed every lick of the flame. 

"YES!" she screamed as she climaxed again, her body bowing and jerking as the rushing waves of orgasm slammed into the fire. Her nerve endings sizzled and sparked, swamping her with pleasure that she willfully sunk into. True to her reputation, Chryssa's greed for passion, for those blissful, explosive climaxes, she was meeting every one of the alien's expectations. It didn't matter that she'd serviced two clients yesterday, all she cared about was getting her pleasure now. 

He rode her through the orgasm, fucking her hard and fast, feeling her walls clenching around him. Tears formed in her eyes from the intensity of her passion and Brik leaned forward, impaling her even deeper on his cock as his tongue flicked out and licked the tears from her cheeks. 

It wasn't until she was whimpering, spent, that his pace slowed. Chryssa blinked up at him in confusion, feeling his hot cock still deep inside her, hard as steel. 

"Are you done?" she asked, confused. 

Brik laughed and her pussy clamped down on his cock at the sound as a mini-orgasm sparked along her pussy. "No dearheart, I'm just turning you over."

He pulled out and flipped her, grabbing the triangular shaped mound from beside the bed that she'd used with... oh heck, what was his name? The lizard dude... her brain felt all foggy and hazed from pleasure. She could barely remember her own name, much less some alien's whom she'd met once.

Settling her hips over the mound, so that her ass was high in the air, Brik ran his hands down her back. Chryssa moaned, turning her head to the side so that she could be more comfortable. To her surprise, she could see his tail lashing back and forth, steaming. The heat of his skin was purifying it from the fluids of her body. That was handy, she though muzzily, just as he placed his hands on her hips and the head of his cock at her ass. 

Chryssa whimpered as he began to pierce her tight rear channel with his thick cock. The poor hole had been well used yesterday by the blob thing, but it hadn't been nearly as thick as Brik was. Even the stretching his tail had done wasn't enough to make entry easy. The discomfort and burn made her pussy convulse. 

"Fuck, you're tight, dearheart... You feel so good on my cock... That's it... whimper again, I like hearing you struggle to take me..."

A shudder went through her at his words. They shouldn't turn her on, but they did. In some ways his domineering, sexy talk reminded her of Lord Plath, and she'd really liked it when that arrogant alien had ordered her around too. She was too worn out by Brik's spectacular fucking to be anything but submissive right now, and so she lay there and took it as he slowly fed his cock into her spasming ass.

Even with the burn, it still felt good in some ways. She gasped when he finally bottomed out, and then again as he began to withdraw. That was always the weirdest feeling part, feeling the movement back and forth, scraping her delicate insides. 

Then his blunt tail began to force its way into her pussy and Chryssa moaned as she was filled in both holes again, but the opposite way that he had before. Brik was taking his time with her ass, moving with slow, long strokes that helped her body adjust to the size of his cock, but also drew out the sensual assault rather than getting it over with quickly. Chryssa couldn't have said which she wanted. She felt limp and exhausted, the burning in her ass was uncomfortable, and yet she could already feel another climax building. And Chryssa was not the type to appreciate going unsatisfied. 

It wasn't too long before she was back her hips up against Brik as he thrust forward, trying to pull his cock in deeper to her body. His tail fucked her pussy, keeping her juices flowing, so that they coated her thighs. It was glorious, overwhelming, hot sex and Chryssa found herself craving her orgasm more and more with every stroke of his cock. 

"Harder," she begged, wrapping her fingers around the edges of the mound, pushing her hips up to offer her ass to him. Her insides seemed to tremble as the growing ecstasy swirled. "Fuck my ass harder, Brik, please... fuck me so hard!"

Brik dug his fingers in and obliged. Chryssa turned her head to bury it in the soft material of the mound and screamed as he began to fuck her ass hard and fast, like it was her pussy. It hurt in the most delicious way, burning and cramping and yet also shuddering from the abject pleasure. His tail was moving just as hard and fast, going deep into her pussy and tickling her womb as he filled her. 

She screamed and spamsed and clawed, trying to get away from the pistoning cock and tail as the ecstasy exploded inside of her, overwhelming her senses, painful in its intensity. Every inch of her was tingling and fizzing and popping and rolling with rapture. Her eyes were open, but she couldn't see, all she could do was writhe in front of Brik like some kind of pagan sacrifice, impaled upon his cock and being fucked hard for his pleasure.

The alien threw back his head and roared, a sound that would have had her running in fear if her legs were working. If his weight wasn't on her. The roar filled the room, jarring her bones, and Chryssa screamed again, salty tears sliding down her cheeks as hot fluid poured into her ass. It scalded her and filled her, and she came hard. Her ass pulled at Brik's cock, milking him for the burning substance, her body shuddering with the passionate overload of ecstasy.

Every clench of her muscles seemed to suck a new spurt of hot fluid inside of her, sending shivers through her throbbing pussy and clit, sating the erotic need that drove her. Soothing hands ran over her back and ass, massaging gently, rubbing away the tension. 

She moaned and turned her head again as Brik thrust gently, working his cock back and forth in her ass as it softened, lengthening the pleasure for both of them. Her body spasmed again when he finally pulled out. A trail of fiery kisses were placed down her spine. 

"Very nice, dearheart," Brik said, with a pleased rumble. Chryssa couldn't do much more than moan a bit in reply. It felt like her body was made out of limp noodles. Very satisfied limp noodles. "You really are something quite special."

"Mmm. Thanks," Chryssa managed to get out. She smiled sleepily as Brik lifted her up off the mound and laid her on her side. He ran an almost affectionate hand over her hip.

"Sleep, dearheart. I'll let them know that you're resting for now." He leaned down and brushed his lips over her cheek. "Perhaps I'll see you again soon. I think I'd like that."

"Mmm. Me too." The unique thing about Chryssa, was that it was obvious she was telling the truth, not just murmuring what was expected of her because of her profession. If Brik hadn't pleasured her, she wouldn't have said it. Even mumbled, her words rang with sincerity, something that was all too rare in the known universe.

It's what made her so special.

******

That evening, Chryssa had dinner in her room. She didn't feel like socializing, she was too worn out. The spa had given her some extra cream and she'd used it on her sore muscles and holes, and it helped but not enough. So she filled up the big tub in her floor with hot water and scented oils, and lowered herself in for a nice, long soak. With her hair piled on top of her head, her head resting on a pillow on the ledge, and the hot water steaming around her, she felt fucking fantastic.
