 Her first clue that she was no longer in House Exotica was the noise. The men weren't talking very loudly, but it was so unusual to hear men talking in her hallway at all, that she noticed it immediately. Her second clue, was the large, hot body that was curled up around her own. Had Matron actually let a client spend the night? That was more than highly unusual, it was unheard of. It still didn't hit her that she was no longer in the whore house, however, until she opened her eyes. 

Although the room she was in was nicely furnished, the decorations were nothing like she'd seen in House Exotica. All of the rooms there were made for sex, whereas this room had more of a lived-in feel. Almost homey. The decorations were soothing dark blues, greens and grays, not the reds and blacks that Matron used for inciting passion in the clients. 

Chryssa wriggled, trying to move away from the big body behind hers so that she could see who it was. Immediately, the arm around her waist tightened, drawing her back. 

"Where do you think you're going?" Lord Plath's growl in her ear sent shivers down her spine. 

"I don't know... I don't know where I am," she said, pouting, as she twisted. He loosened his hold on her enough that she could roll over underneath his arm and face him. The Licken lord's silvery grey eyes studied her face, as if looking for something specific. Chryssa had no idea what.

"You're on my ship," he said finally.

"Your ship?!" She was so surprised that her voice actually squeaked. Despite being able to hear men walking by the door, she'd assumed that they were in some part of House Exotica that she hadn't been to. A secret part, maybe. A more private part. "Why am I on your ship?"

"You're mine now and I'm taking you home," he said, with every evidence of smug satisfaction. His body pressed against hers, his erection hard against her stomach, and for a very brief moment, Chryssa was almost distracted by the aroused response of her own body. But only for a second.

Putting her hands against his chest, she pushed. "I don't believe you."

That wasn't entirely true. Part of her just didn't want to believe him. She'd gotten used to House Exotica and her circumstances there. Merxia had become her friend. The work hadn't been so bad. And she knew that Matron and Tralik had started to trust her, which was her first step in figuring out how to escape. Now she was on a ship? Headed who knew where? With a Licken Lord? Was he going to sell her to another House? He said she was his... so did that mean he was keeping her? Where would he keep her? What was going to happen to her?

"Calm down," Lord Plath said, seeing the incipient panic on her face. Making a low growling noise, he pushed himself up and out of the bed, distracting her from the whirl of thoughts as she saw that he was completely naked. 

Heat pulsed between her legs, entirely unwelcome for once, because she didn't really think she should be in the mood to get it on when her life was up in the air! Again!

"What's this?" she asked as he tossed a filmy length of fabric at her. 

Pulling on his pants, he nodded at the fabric in her hands. "It's your dress. Put it on."

This was a dress? She held it up, confused. It looked more like a big loop of fabric. With an exasperated sigh, Lord Plath was suddenly standing in front of her, pulling her up from the bed. Taking the big loop, he made it into two loops and put it over her head. One loop he left resting on her shoulder, pulling her opposite arm through the loop, and then the rest of it fell to her hips. It just barely covered her breasts, ass and pussy, leaving one shoulder entirely exposed, along with half her belly and back and all of her legs. Any movement would cause the fabric to gape, so that anyone could see underneath it. Chryssa looked down at herself in a bit of a shock. She'd thought the dresses at House Exotica were revealing, but this was even more so.

"Perfect," Lord Plath said. He turned towards the door. "Come."

"Come? Where are we going?" she asked, hurrying to catch up to him, mostly because he was the only familiar thing in this new world she'd found herself in. She wondered if he was going to put on a shirt. The door slid open as he reached it and stepped out into the hall. Apparently not.

"You said you did not believe me. I am going to show you and then I am going to claim you."

He sounded completely confident, but his words didn't make any sense to her. Well, the showing her part did. But she already believed him. The hallway was definitely the hall of a ship, not of House Exotica, and she could feel the thrumming vibration of the engines underneath her bare feet. It wasn't very noticeable, but it was there. Several Lickens were out in the hallway, regarding her with a kind of intent curiosity that made her intensely uncomfortable. What she didn't understand was what he meant by claim her. He'd already said that she was his, and if she was on his ship, then she assumed he'd bought her from House Exotica. The thought made her feel all warm and fuzzy inside, right before she got a bit pissed too... wasn't anyone ever going to ask her what she wanted? Yeah, she probably would have said yes if he'd asked her if she wanted to leave the House with him, but since it hadn't, it made her feel a bit irate at him for just taking her away. She hadn't even gotten the chance to say goodbye to her friends!

"So, what am I now? Your personal sex slave?" she asked, trying to understand as she trotted along beside him. The Lickens who passed them in the hall all paused as he went by, a fist thumping against their chest in a kind of salute. All of them looked at her, but not with the sexual interest that she'd expected... just that same curiosity.

"You will be my prinessa."

"That word doesn't translate," she said, frustrated. Lord Plath came to a halt outside of another door, pressing his palm against the scanner there. She grabbed his arm as the door slid open, trying to get his attention. "I don't know what that means."

"It means you are mine and you will serve me," he said, arrogance in every line of his body as he walked into the room. Chryssa kept a hold on his arm as she was pulled in, her eyes going big. They were obviously on the command deck. Lickens were scattered around the room in front of various consoles and there were huge screens, showing the vastness of space around them and in front of them. "You will spend your time pleasuring me and only me."

"So... sex slave." That didn't sound so bad really... depending. "Am I your only sex slave?"

Lord Plath came to a halt, scowling down at her. "You will be my prinessa. I will have no other."

"I'm a wife? Is that what it means?"

"No, I already have my contracted union with my child-bearer, which I believe is what you Terrans deem a wife. You will meet her when we arrive."

"You're married?!" Her voice came out as a screech and she let go of his arm as if she'd just been burned. Married - and yet taking her home to be his sex slave? His poor wife! Or child-bearer, or whatever he'd called her. To think, Chryssa had actually been feelings... things... for him. 

Lord Plath's scowl deepened and he reached out, grabbing her hands. "What is wrong with you?"

"You're married," she said, struggling to pull her hands away. "I shouldn't be touching you!"

Laughter bubbled around the room and Chryssa remembered that they had an audience. The Licken lord's jaw clenched at the scene she was making, in front of the men she commanded. Firmly gripping her wrists, he dragged her over to the chair in the center of the room, so that he could sit down and pull her across his lap. The loops of fabric that made up her dress immediately slid out of place, exposing her upturned bottom.

"You are no longer on Terra," he said, one hand pressed firmly against her lower back to hold her in place. "Your cultural taboos have no bearing on mine."

"CHEATER! JERK!"

More laughter and snickers broke out around them. 

SMACK! 

Chryssa shrieked as his hand came down hard on her backside. She'd forgotten how broad and unyielding his hand was, even though she'd expected the spanking as soon as he'd put her into position. But it didn't matter. The jerk was cheating on his wife! Repeatedly! With her! And now he thought it was okay to bring her home with his wife there? She didn't care what his culture thought was okay, she was definitely not okay with it!

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"You will be my prinessa once I claim you," he said, firmly, over her gasps and howls as he rained down blows on her sensitive backside. Chryssa squirmed, writhing as she tried to get away from his punishing hand. It already felt like her skin was flaming, and as the swats brought more blood to the surface of her skin, it just heightened the painful sensations. "You will learn not to cause a scene."

"If you think I'm going to just let you use me for sex, while your poor wife is around, you'd better get used to some serious scenes!" Chryssa yelled out, furious, even though she knew it was probably going to get her an even worse spanking. On the other hand, if she embarrassed him enough, maybe he'd realize that what he was doing was wrong. Tears streamed down her face as he walloped her upturned rump, his hands covering every inch of her pale skin. She kicked and writhed to no avail, her hands scrabbling at his leg to try and get away.

One of the other Lickens said something in their own language, which she didn't understand, and the spanking suddenly stopped. Lord Plath responded, his hand coming down to rest on her reddened ass, rubbing the hot surface while she gasped and gulped and tried to get her tears under control. Had one of the other Lickens just stood up for her? What had happened?

Suddenly she found herself being lifted in the air and turned around. She was set down so that she was straddling Lord Plath's lap, the looping fabric of her garment not covering anything but her stomach now. Sniffling, she glared defiantly at the Licken, silently daring him to do his worst.

"My second-in-command has reminded me that on Terra, this taboo you speak of is a sin," he said, as if the word 'sin' was unfamiliar and frankly incomprehensible to him. "You should know, on Licka, it is the norm. My child-bearer sent me a message last week that she has already found a prin for herself and brought him home from one of the gladiator rings. Lickens only have sexual relations with each other for child-bearing purposes, after two children, we are free to seek out a prin or prinessa for our pleasure." As he spoke, his hands came down to grasp her butt, rubbing and caressing the reddened cheeks, and distracting her horribly. Even though the spanking had hurt, her pussy was now wet and creamy and she had a needy ache throbbing in her loins.

Still, she was pretty sure she got the basic gist of what he was saying, she just didn't quite get it. And she wasn't going to indulge in her desires, and possibly hurt his wife's feelings, if she didn't understand. Although, it sounded like at least his wife got to also have a piece on the side, but why didn't they just stay faithful to each other?

"Why do you only have sexual relations with your wife for procreation?" she asked. It sounded like what the elders on Terra preached, except that they would never condone the idea of having a secondary relationship specifically for sexual purposes. "How many prinessas are you allowed to have?"

"Sex between Lickens is painful," he said. "Licken females... they do not stretch as easily as Terran women or many other females in the universe. The bulb on the end of our cocks holds our seed and when it swells inside a Licken female's womb, it hurts both of us. Her womb will contract, squeezing the seed out and draining the male of both his seed and his energy. Centuries ago, when we began to travel the stars and meet beings from other worlds, we discovered that there was more to sexual pleasure than release and procreation. Both sexes are able to have relations with other species, which is far more pleasurable than relations with our own. Because of that, we are required to contract with each other and produce two children, otherwise our own race would have died out a long time ago because we prefer relations with others."

"So... you don't love her," said Chryssa slowly, trying to wrap her head around a species that actually evolved in such a way that sex really was only for procreative purposes. Even if they did achieve pleasure with others. The Terran elders would have loved that. Except, maybe not, since so many of them were giant hypocrites.

"She is a good child-bearer and I have no regrets about our contract." The matter-of-fact tone in Lord Plath's voice did a lot to ease Chryssa's conscience, although she did wonder a bit about how Lady Plath actually felt. Then again, if she'd gone and searched out her own male sex slave... that was pretty indicative. "We are... what is the word? Friends. She is looking forward to meeting you."

Which was really just too weird for words... but she'd already had her mind opened by her time at House Exotica. This was just another way in which the universe was different from the world she'd grown up on. 

But... "You didn't answer my question about other< i>prinessas."

Grey eyes glinted. "There is no limit, other than what one can afford. I had not planned on taking another< i>prinessa, because you are a greedy, needy Terran, but perhaps after causing such a scene in front of my crew, I need persuading."

Something hot and angry swirled in her stomach. Jealousy, she realized. It wasn't just that she didn't want his wife's feelings to be hurt, she didn't want to have to share him with anyone else. Not his wife, not another sex slave... no one. She wanted Lord Plath to herself. Which was probably not the best attitude for a sex slave, but it seemed as though he was saying he wanted the same kind of fidelity from her. There was something in his manner that said he was not serious about considering taking other women, but he also wanted a sop to his pride after the screaming, shrieking insults she'd thrown at him. 

"What do you want me to do?" she asked slowly as his hands squeezed her butt, giving her a pretty good idea of what he had in mind.

"Take off your dress, all the way." 

She still felt like snorting when he called the loops of fabric a dress, but she didn't say anything, just lifted them up and off over her head.

"Now turn around and get back into this position, but facing away from me. I'm going to claim you now."

Chryssa's eyes widened, but she stood and turned, placing her legs so that they were on the outside of his. Behind her, she could hear his clothes rustling, and she knew that he was opening his pants. When she sat back down, it would be on top of his cock.

Facing away from him, she could see all the other Lickens in the room... every single one of them appeared to be staring at her and Lord Plath. She felt like whimpering in embarrassment at their rapt attention, but at the same time, seeing all of their eyes on her naked body, knowing that she was about to be thoroughly fucked in front of all of them, roused a hot, wild need inside of her. The command seat made it seem as though she and Lord Plath were on a stage, and their audience was watching her with lustful eyes.

Watching, but never able to touch, because she was Lord Plath's. And he was claiming her.

Hands firmly gripped her hips, pulling her downward, and Chryssa groaned as the thick heat of his cock pushed against her pussy. Her muscles were tighter, because she was standing, and despite her wetness it burned as his cock entered her. A good kind of burn, but one that still made her writhe uncomfortably as she sank lower. She didn't know how long she'd slept, but it was long enough that her body was recovered to the point of desperately wanting another orgasm. 

The watching eyes didn't hinder her enjoyment of the proceedings at all... in her mind, they were all imagining themselves in Lord Plath's place, lusting over her, admiring her. If Lord Plath was claiming her, the way he said he was, then they could lust all they wanted... they'd never get to touch her. In House Exotica, she could have been had for a price, now she couldn't, and that knowledge made her want to tease and taunt them with her lithe body, with her greedy pleasure. 

She moaned as she settled her bottom against Lord Plath's body, rocking slightly on on his cock as she cupped her breasts and rolled her nipples between her fingers. One of his hands slid down her from her hip and his fingers pressed between her legs, rubbing over her swollen clit and making her gasp as she threw her head back.

"Ride me, little Terran... fuck yourself on my cock like a good little slut. My little slut." His words purred, loud enough that everyone in the room could hear him.

Passion and need rushed through her at his possessive pronoun. She wasn't a whore anymore, she was a slut, and she belonged to him. Chryssa was sure that the sexually charged Licken would be able to keep up with her appetites, if any many could. Out of all the males who'd paid for her services at House Exotica, he'd seemed the most personally interested in her, and she'd responded to him from the very beginning. 

She moved, her pussy clenching as her thighs tensed and she lifted herself up. Pinching her nipples, although it felt good, was too difficult, and she leaned forward to rest her hands on his strong thighs so that she could balance herself better. Her breasts hung beneath her, swaying, as she began to bounce up and down. 

The room was completely silent, but for the sloppy sounds of her wet pussy, her moans and his low grunts as she rode him. Every eye was on her, watching her moving her body up and down his cock, his fingers rubbing at her clit, his other hand tightly gripping her hip. She could feel the vibrating rings on his cock stimulating her inner walls, the fat head probing deep inside of her.

Throwing back her head as her ecstasy started to build, she moved harder and faster, fucking herself on his cock, racing towards the orgasm that she so desperately craved. As always, her selfish need for her own pleasure overwhelmed her, enrapturing the watching audience. They'd heard about her, the whore that had so drawn their leader's interest, heard of her reputation, and now they could see how true it was. She wasn't play-acting or pretending in order to make him happy, she was just having a rousing good time riding his cock and using him to get herself off. The little Terran was the genuine article, a greedy, sexual slut that was more than happy to be fucked, no matter the circumstances. 

Every single one of them wanted to possess such a creature as her. 

Suddenly, Lord Plath's hand left her hip and moved up, his fingers curving around her throat and pulling her back against him. Chryssa screamed as she felt his teeth sink into her throat, right where her neck met her shoulder, and his fingers simultaneously pinched her clit. Something was happening at her throat, where he bit her, a chemical reaction that nearly blinded her with its intensity as her orgasm burst inside of her like a super nova. 

She screamed, writhing, one of her hands over each of his, holding onto him as she was swept away into a raging river of sensation. Inside of her, his cock buzzed and swelled, and she sobbed as he manipulated her clit, drawing out her orgasm, his hands and teeth holding her firmly in place on his lap. Heat filled her as he burst, the jet of his cum filling her pussy and she screamed again, high and keening. It felt like the pleasure was never-ending, and yet it was so intense that she felt faint from it. 
