 The front hall of the Manor was gorgeously impressive, even though Chryssa didn't pay much attention to it as they passed through. She didn't really have the time to, as Zyander and Porluxa were walking at a rather fast pace. Chryssa had discovered that all Lickens tended to walk faster than a normal Terran would. It made her feel a bit rushed, although she'd started getting used to it on the ship.

She could see halls and staircases leading off to other parts of the house. The walls had beautiful decorative paneling, as well as being hung with gorgeous paintings. At some point, she'd probably come back to look at those. There was no telling exactly what the floor was made out of, it looked like stone, but underneath her bare feet it felt nearly as soft as the plushest carpet at House Exotica. That was a relief, just in case Zyander ever put her on her knees - or her hands and knees - on the floor to pleasure him. At least she'd be fairly comfortable.

They walked straight through to the back of the Manor, where Chryssa discovered that it was even bigger than she'd realized. The front of the house was quite wide, but in the back there was a large courtyard which was surrounded by yet MORE house. Wings, she remembered from Terra, they were called wings. At least, they were in Terran. The huge training courtyard was completely enclosed by the house, and it was nearly as big as a football field! This was wealth and privilege far beyond anything Chryssa could have ever imagined.

In the center of the courtyard, a hulking blonde Terran was fighting with two Lickens. They were all bared to the waist, making it easy to discern who was who. The Terran had broad shoulders, muscles upon muscles, and a bald shaved head. A small trickle of blood adorned his shoulder as he spun and cut at one of the Lickens. 

Upon seeing the Lord and Lady approaching, a Licken standing off to the side, rang a bell. Immediately the combatants stopped fighting and turned to face the approaching master and mistress of the house. 

Looking at the Terran's face, Chryssa was suddenly swamped with disappointment. She hadn't even realized how much she'd hoped, in the back of her mind, that perhaps Lady Porluxa's prine would be her brother Jed. After all, he'd been taking to the gladiator rings as a fighter, and she'd discovered from her research on board Zyander's ship that he'd done well there. Unfortunately, the records for the gladiator rings were only updated about once every three Terran months, which meant that she had no idea how he'd fared after that last update. Part of her had been hoping for a miracle.

But the Terran in front of her was definitely not her brother.

She sighed, trying to push back the emotion, knowing that it wasn't entirely rational. Finding Jed, here in the very same manor that she was now to stay in, would have been a coincidence of epic proportions.

The Terran came forward, bowing to Porluxa and giving Zyander an even deeper bow. The expression on his face revealed his own trepidation at meeting the lord of the manor, probably wondering a lot of the same things that Chryssa had before meeting Porluxa. The glowing mark on his shoulder meant that he had his own status, but it was still hard for Chryssa to understand exactly what that status meant. She was feeling much better now, having met Porluxa, and seen for herself that the female wasn't at all jealous.

In fact, Chryssa's main concern now was that Porluxa would want to join her and Zyander more often - and not to touch Zyander. Chryssa wasn't entirely sure how she felt about that. 

Stepping forward, Porluxa pressed herself against the sweaty Terran's body as she introduced him. "My I present my prine, Marcus. Marcus, this is my child-giver, Lord Zyander Plath, and his prinessa Chryssa."

Obviously about to give his greeting to Zyander, Marcus' attention suddenly jerked back to Chryssa, his hazel eyes widening in surprise. "Chryssa? From Terra? Do you have a brother named Jed?"

The second Marcus had said her name, Zyander had let out a low growl, but Chryssa had been too surprised to respond until the prine said Jed's name.

"Jed?" Painful, needy hope burst in her chest as she practically lept forward, reaching out to grab onto Marcus' arm. Her fingers dug in as she stared up at his face, imploringly. "You know Jed?"

She shrieked as she was suddenly hauled away from the man, a band of iron pressing against her stomach and holding her tightly against Zyander. Immediately she started to struggle, even though she was aware now of both Lickens growling. Screw them, Marcus knew something about Jed!

Kicking at Zyander's ankles, she leaned forward, looking pleadingly at Marcus, who now had his arm around Porluxa and was stroking her shoulder. A slightly amused smile was on his face as he looked down at the scowling female Licken. 

"Tell me about Jed!" Chryssa demanded, digging her nails hard enough into Zyander's arm that he actually winced. He was lucky it was just her nails, if he tried to actually keep her from talking to Marcus she'd do a hell of a lot worse!

"I trained with him," Marcus said, looking back at her, although he still stroked Porluxa's shoulder with a soothing kind of caress, as if to reassure her that he had no sexual interest in Chryssa. Despite the fact that Chryssa's loop dress was now hanging half off of her, despite Zyander's attempts to tuck it back into place. Figured that NOW he wanted her to be covered more modestly. "We were together almost from the beginning, and we went all the way to Galacton 3, where this one found me and picked me to take home with her." The cheeky grin that he gave Porluxa made it clear that he had affection for her and that he appreciated being made her prine. 

"He's alright?" Tears sparked in Chryssa's eyes, as she felt relief flooding through her. As of a few weeks ago when Porluxa bought Marcus, her brother was still alive?"

"As well as can be," Marcus said, looking at her with sympathy on his face. Somehow that didn't make her feel better. "He's a very good fighter... but no one lasts forever in the rings unless they win the Gauntlet." Which, Chryssa knew from her research, was practically impossible. The odds were in no one's favor when it came to the Gauntlet, which was little more than a series of fights to the death, ending in one champion. Gladiator fights in the ring didn't require the death of the fighters, unless they went through the Gauntlet to try and earn their freedom. It was held only once a year.

Twisting in Zyander's arms, she turned herself around so that she could face him. He was scowling over her head at Marcus. She poked his chest to get his attention on her.

"Get him for me," she demanded, and Zyander's expression neutralized as he looked down at her. "My brother. I want to bring him here, with us." The fact that Zyander wasn't answering her right away, that he looked like he was thinking about it, made her want to kick him. "I'm serious. I know where he is now, and if you won't bring him here, I'll go to him."

Now the scowl was back, and his arms tightened around her. "You will not."

"I damn well will," Chryssa said fiercely, wanting him to know just how much this mattered to her. "I'm not letting my brother die in the gladiator rings if I can save him. Either you get him out of there, or I will NEVER stop trying to escape you to go to him."

Behind her, she could hear Porluxa coughing, as if to cover a laugh. Marcus didn't even try. Zyander's scowl darkened, and Chryssa gasped as he tossed her over his shoulder with all the gentleness that he would use for a sack of potatoes. It nearly knocked the air out of her as her stomach landed on his hard muscles. She hadn't realized how gentle he'd been with her before. 

Not that it would stop her from fighting him. He might be bigger and stronger, but she'd been fighting males who were bigger and stronger than her her whole life. Heck, it had taken multiple Lickens to capture her! Of course, Zyander was of an entirely different caliber warrior than those scavengers, but that didn't matter to her. To get her brother back, she'd do what she had to.

Granted, once she stopped being pissed off, she'd probably make her way back to Zyander eventually. Not just because of the mark on her shoulder, but because she rather liked him and she felt fairly possessive of him. She'd make him pay for not helping her, but she'd come back to him. Of course, she sure as hell wasn't going to mention that to him now when he was being such a colossal asshat.

She gasped for breath as he carried her out of the courtyard and down some halls, feeling dizzy as all the blood rushed to her head. There was no point in trying to fight him right now... but as soon as he put her down and she regained her equalibrium and her breath, they were going to be having it out. Chryssa liked his authoritativeness and the way he fucked her, she even liked his personality, but if being his prinessa meant that the things she wanted - needed - were going to be ignored, then she sure as hell didn't like that!

Unfortunately, she wasn't given the opportunity to regain either. The second he pulled her off of his shoulder, he was already tossing her over a padded bench that had her ass high in the air. She did manage to give him a punch in the eye before he strapped her wrists into Bindu cuffs that were connected to the floor, but since she had no leverage, she doubted he really even felt it. Giving vent to a small scream of frustration, she tried to kick him when he began to restrain her legs. He grunted softly when her foot connected with something, but it was obvious that she hadn't gotten anything vulnerable.

"You're going to pay for that."

"You're going to get a lot more of it if you don't let me go get my brother!"

SMACK!

Chryssa shrieked, jerking at the soft restraints around her wrists and ankles, but she was unable to do more than shift herself slightly on the bench. Damn him! He'd spanked her hard enough that it felt like he'd left an imprint of his hand on her ass cheek. 

"You will not threaten to leave me. Ever."

SMACK!

Her other cheek burned as it received its own hand print and Chryssa shrieked again, furious and just a little bit humiliated at how easily he'd strapped her down for punishment. Although, if he thought that a spanking was going to make her give up... well, he didn't know her at ALL then.

"I want my brother!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

Chryssa howled as he spanked her ass, right over his previous two swats, just as hard. The hand prints were slightly blurred on the creamy surface of her skin, as he hadn't managed to hit in exactly the same spot as she wriggled and squirmed, but he'd gotten close enough to turn the prints a bright, burning red. 

"Impatient Terran, I never said I wouldn't get him!"

It took a moment for her to figure out what he ways saying, and then she really felt like kicking him.

"Then why didn't you just say that?!"

"You didn't give me a chance," he snapped, sounding less like an authoritative alpha and more like a justifiably aggrieved male. Not that there was a whole lot of difference, but she could tell that he was definitely losing control of his temper.

"You had plenty of chance, you just stood there saying nothing like a big lump- OW!" Chryssa howled as he started spanking her again, pulling at the Bindu chains, which tightened without cutting off her circulation. The damned things were impossible to get out of.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

This time, the Licken lord wasn't focusing his blows on the two hand prints that had formed on her ass, instead he was peppering them all over her creamy cheeks. Of course, it hurt the most when he overlapped the previously reddened spots, which he did with nearly every swat to her burning bottom. Chryssa squirmed and yelled, tears sparking in her eyes, even as she refused the impulse to beg him to stop - or even to apologize.

"I needed a moment to think, female!" 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"There are laws about bringing Terrans to Licka, especially violent and trained ones like gladiators. I can't just buy him without having a place within my household for him, and unless Porluxa wants another prine, I have to figure out where to put him."

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"And no matter what provocation you think you have, you will NOT threaten to leave me, EVER."

The possessive growl in his voice underscored Chryssa's shrieks as he spanked the sensitive undercurve of her ass, just where her cheeks met her thighs. Those were the swats that hurt the most, making her thoroughly wish that she'd been just a little more patient - or at least had asked him about his silence before throwing a fit. But this had been about her brother! Hope and desperation had made her feel completely out of control and her patience had deserted her. 

Although, to avoid another spanking, she'd try to learn a bit more control and patience. At least, she'd wait until she had definitive reason to throw a fit. Knowing that Zyander was going to get Jed for her had her practically limp with relief. He had been trying to figure it out. It would have been nice if he'd told HER that, but maybe he'd learned a lesson from this too.

As if sensing her capitulation, even if she hadn't begged or apologized, the spanking stopped and almost gentle hands rubbed over her roasted cheeks. Chryssa moaned as the caressing touch on her hot skin made her insides curl and clench. She still couldn't quite get over her humiliating reaction to being spanked by Zyander. There was no way he could miss it either, with the way she was bent over the bench, her ass and pussy on display. She could feel wetness seeping from her pussy, and, at his smug chuckle, knew that he could see it too.

Bastard.

"I will bring your brother here, and you will behave." Two fingers slid through the wet lips of her pussy and then pushed inside her, making her groan as her tight hole was stretched by the sudden invasion. It didn't matter that his wife - child-bearer - had given Chryssa an orgasm not that long ago, Chryssa already wanted another one. 

Even when she wanted to kick him, Zyander getting all dominant and bossy always got her hot and bothered. For whatever reason, getting her ass blistered by him did too. Her pussy clenched, spasming around his fingers as they thrust, stroking her insides expertly - much more pleasurable than Porluxa's novice explorations had been. Chryssa whimpered as he rubbed his thumb over her swollen clit, making her squirm.

A raspy tongue licked over the hot cheeks of her ass, as if tasting the pain her spanking had caused her. Damned if she knew why that made her pussy clench again. His chuckle would have had her cursing him if she didn't want to cum again so darned badly.

"Can I go on the ship to get him?" she asked, hopeful. She wouldn't threaten to try and sneak on if he didn't say yes, but she knew that's what would probably happen. No point in giving him a heads up though.

"If you promise never to try and escape." His finger slid around her clit.

Chryssa moaned, shuddering. "Why would I want to? If we keep having fun like we were on the ship, and my brother's here and safe, then I am content."

"Then I shall take you on the ship to Galatica 5," he said, sounding pleased with her statement. As if he didn't know how much she'd enjoyed their time traveling to Licka. Heck, he'd fucked her at least three times a day. After her time at House Exotica, she'd been a bit worried that she'd get bored fucking the same male so often, but not Zyander. He was creative, possessive, and focused on thoroughly pleasuring her in as many different ways possible. What wasn't there to love? Especially since he'd just agreed to rescue her brother, and take her with him to do so. He smacked her ass lightly with his free hand, making her gasp. "Isn't there something you should say, little Terran?"

Her mind buzzed as he continued to finger her, trying to figure out what he wanted. 

"Thank you?"

The low chuckle seemed to tickle her skin as his hot breath fanned over her reddened ass. "Good girl. In fact, I think you should show me just how appreciative you are."

When he pulled his fingers from her sopping hole, she whined in disappointment, but decided not to actually voice her objections since he was also releasing the Bindu chains on her ankles. Coming around to the front of her, he released her wrists as well, and Chryssa pushed herself up. Between her legs, her pussy was a swollen, wet cavern of neediness, her nipples were plump and hard, and she was ready to show Zyander that she was very, very appreciative. Especially since showing her appreciation would definitely mean an orgasm or two for her, if not more.

Zyander was stripping off his clothing as he moved away from her, heading towards a very large bed. Her lust momentarily distracted by curiosity, she looked around, getting her first look at the room. Like the rest of the manor, it was decorated in what Terrans would call 'earth tones.' She had no idea what Lickens would call it, but she found it very pretty and soothing. Not that it did anything to assuage her passion. Maybe Matron at House Exotica didn't really need all those red color tones to incite passion. Or maybe it was just that Zyander had an effect on Chryssa no matter what - hmmmm... 

The floor was the same spongy material as the rest of the house, and there was very little in the way of furniture, other than a window seat and two small tables on either side of the bed. Well, and the bench that she'd just been bent over.

"Come here, Chryssa," Zyander said, and she turned her attention back to him. He was lying in the middle of the bed, which had creamy colored sheets that his green skin stood out against. With one hand wrapped around his cock, he was lazily stroking it as he watched her, his eyes half-lidded with pleasure. Just looking at him, all hard and muscled and horny, made her feel like drooling. He caressed the thick shaft, rubbing his thumb over the ridges. She couldn't see them vibrating, but she knew they would be.

"Is this your bedroom?" she asked, without taking a step towards him. If she went to him now, they'd both get distracted.

"Yes."

"Why is this in it?" she asked, gesturing at the bench she'd just been bent over. Although she believed him that he had only copulated with Porluxa for children, she found herself wondering what on earth he'd need the bench for. Did he punish Porluxa ever? For some reason, that made her feel just as jealous as when she thought he had a wife. Stupid, really. Why should she care if Porluxa got spanked by him? On the other hand, if the bench was in here because he was in the habit of bringing other females here...

"I brought it here for you." The arrogant grin on his face actually made her feel a bit of relief. "Once I knew I was bringing you here, I ordered it made and placed in here." He chuckled. "Although I hadn't expected it to get quite such immediate use. Now, come here Chryssa."

This time she went willingly to him, actually pleased that he'd ordered the bench especially for her. Even if she didn't like being spanked, she'd liked the idea of sharing the bench with another female even less. The fact that it had been made for her made it almost special. Besides, she felt just a little bit of pride that Zyander knew she was no easy pushover. 

As she crawled onto the bed, her breasts swaying below her, Zyander's eyes practically glowed. He squeezed his shaft, the fat head of his cock darkening as the blood rushed to it. 

"Come show me your appreciation, dearheart," he murmured, releasing his hold on his cock and leaning back... an invitation to do what she liked with his body. 
