 It took a week for Zyander to put everything together before they could leave. Porluxa was not interested in having another prine, and although Marcus seemed happy that Jed was going to be rescued, he didn't seem particularly interested in sharing Porluxa. Instead, Zyander got permission to add the Terran male to his personal guard; once they reached Galactica 5, they would just have to get Jed to agree. Which would be Chryssa's job. Although if he didn't agree to come, then he was an idiot, she thought to herself. 

The necessary papers had to be put through, permitting Zyander another Terran within his household, the flight pattern logged, the ship refueled and loaded with food, etc. etc. Too many things that Chryssa knew were necessary and yet tried her patience.

When she got too cranky, because of her impatience, Zyander solved her sour mood by the simple expedient of distraction. One time he spanked her, another time he inserted some pulsing, throbbing toys into her pussy and ass and left them in her until she was begging him for orgasm, and another time he simply took her out to show her his world. Chryssa particularly liked the forest around his lands, as it reminded her strongly of Terra. There were friendly little furry creatures, about the size of Terran rabbits, that were curious about everything and would come to watch them walk, peeking at them from under the leaves and behind branches.

To her relief, there was definitely nothing more between Porluxa and Zyander than a kind of intimate friendship, but only intimate in that they'd had relations together and children together. They never talked about their relations - although Zyander still seemed to like seeing Porluxa touch Chryssa - but when they talked about their children, it was obvious they were fond of each other. To Chryssa's amusement, much as Zyander liked to fuck her in front of everyone, he would get incredibly territorial and possessive if she actually TALKED to any of his men - and especially if she talked to Marcus. Not that she had any real interest in Marcus, she just wanted to hear about her brother, but it seemed that Porluxa was curious how different sex was between humans as opposed to Lickens and humans. 

Zyander was a lot less curious, although sometimes she caught him watching her and Marcus almost thoughtfully before he would come over and practically pee on her to stake his claim. 

Well, not pee, more like cum in and on her. If she ever really wanted sex to distract her, and Zyander was teasing her by not indulging, all she had to do was talk to Marcus and BOOM... vibrating cock in one of her holes within five minutes. Guaranteed. 

Porluxa and Marcus didn't have sex all over the place, but Porluxa certainly liked to watch. Sometimes she would pull on Chryssa's nipples or fondle her breasts while Zyander fucked her from behind... and something about that always made Chryssa cum harder than ever. Maybe because there was something taboo and more than a little dirty about being touched by Zyander's child-bearer while he fucked her. Maybe because she knew it turned Zyander on to see a little girl on girl action. Porluxa never seemed to expect Chryssa to reciprocate, which was fine with her... and she had never minded being the center of everyone's sexual attention.

Finally, the ship was ready, and Chryssa found that she was actually a little sad to say goodbye to Porluxa and Marcus. She'd gotten used to having them around; in fact, she realized, she actually considered Porluxa a friend. Marcus too, for all that she couldn't talk to him alone for five minutes without being pulled away for a good fucking. In some ways, she felt like she'd become closer to either of them than any of the women at House Exotica. She guessed it was kind of hard to NOT feel close to someone when they were constantly seeing you naked and fucked. 

It would be about a month before she saw them again; even with the speed of space travel, it would take a while to get to Galactica 5 and back. They couldn't really get there fast enough for her, as she worried what might be happening to Jed in the meantime, but she was actually looking forward to coming back too. She wanted to show her brother around. Although, she'd need to have a little talk with Zyander about public displays of sexual gratification in front of her brother. There were some things he just did NOT need to see.

Then again, Zyander's personal guard wasn't around all the time when they were at the manor. Jed would just have to be assigned to the portion of the guard that patrolled outside of the main house. 

******

She was going to kill him.

They'd arrived at Galactica 5 and Zyander had sent a message to the planet, inquiring about Jed, with the information he'd gotten from Marcus. They'd gotten confirmation that he hadn't been killed in the ring, but so far hadn't heard back about Zyander's offer to buy him. It had been driving Chryssa nuts, making her temperamental as she paced the ship, and Zyander had decided to find a better way to pass the time.

Wrists cuffed and chained to the headboard, legs spread, also cuffed, and chained spread wide apart, Chryssa was caught somewhere between extreme arousal and murdering someone. Preferably Zyander. The damned Licked had got it into his head that he wanted to tease her today. Which, normally was a lot of fun, but she'd been chained up in this position for close to an hour now, and he hadn't let her cum once. If it wasn't for the Bindu cuffs, she would have torn her wrists or ankles by now with all of her tugging.

In fact, the asshole had gagged her when he'd got tired of listening to her begging, alternating with increasingly violent threats. 

"Your body is mine to enjoy and I'm going to enjoy it the way I want to," he'd said, as he'd stuffed the gag in her mouth. "So be quiet and let me enjoy myself."

Enjoying himself, as far as Chryssa could tell, meant torturing her. Granted, she was usually impatient to get to the good stuff, and she'd been able to tell that on occasion he'd wanted to take longer with the foreplay, but this was way, way too long.

He'd started by straddling her stomach and playing with her breasts. Fondling. Squeezing. Pinching and tugging her nipples, rolling the swollen buds between her fingers and making her writhe with erotic need until she thought her pussy might actually catch on fire. That glorious cock of his was rock hard, occasionally bouncing off of his stomach, and yet he made no move to put it in her. Chryssa couldn't understand why. She was dying for him to fuck her, and he knew it.

The pathetic, needy noises she was making through the gag begged him to fuck her. But, instead, when he finally moved between her legs, he was on his stomach, with his fingers spreading apart her labia as he studied her soaking wet pussy. One finger slid up the center of her wet folds and circled around her clit, making her moan and hump the air, desperate for enough stimulation to get her off. 

His tongue was next, licking up and down her folds, teasing her, making her scream with need from behind the gag, but not giving her the satisfaction her body craved. Instead, he lapped at her juices, enjoying his slow feast and her increasingly desperate muffled whimpers. Chryssa hated him. She loved him. She wanted to kill him. She wanted him to fuck her. Or at least let her cum.

A chiming sound, indicating an incoming call, rang through the room and Chryssa screamed her frustration behind the gag as Zyander lifted his head from her pussy. If he stopped now...

"Call accepted." The wicked smile he gave her as he accepted the call made her pussy clench. Such an exhibitionist streak. Even worse, knowing that he was accepting a call, which could be from ANYONE, who was now going to see her naked body, chained and vulnerable, while Zyander played with her, just got her even hotter and wetter. 

She turned to look at the screen across the room, curious to see who would be calling. Whoever it was would have a very good view of her body, including her swollen, needy pussy. Sitting up casually, Zyander's fingers pressed against her hole and easily slid in, making her moan and lift her hips as her eyelashes fluttered. The penetration felt phenomenal. 

"Am I interrupting?" A deep and slightly familiar voice came from the screen, and Chryssa blinked, trying to get her body under control as Zyander's fingers stroked in and out of her. She couldn't figure out why she thought she knew that voice, until she looked at the screen and saw a red face with devilish features. 

"If you think I'm going to stop playing with my prinessa, just because you called, then you don't know me very well," Zyander said, sounding amused, in the tone of voice that he used with those he knew well. How did Brik and Zyander know each other, she wondered, with the little bit of her mind that wasn't totally overwhelmed by pleasure. Then again, they'd both been with her at House Exotica, maybe they'd met there.

"Yes, I'd heard you bought the delightful Chryssa," Brik said, his gaze heated as he stared through the screen at her splayed out body. Her pussy clenched as she remembered her night with him, his hot cock and the thick tail that had invaded her ass at the same time he'd been fucking her. The demonic alien had turned her on nearly as much as Zyander had.

Chryssa bit down on her lip to keep from moaning as Zyander's fingers thrust deep. She'd gotten used to his public displays, but somehow it felt different when he was touching her in front of another male that she'd had sex with. More exciting. Especially because Brik looked like he was definitely enjoying the show. It was getting harder not to writhe and moan; Zyander's clever fingers were stimulating her in all the ways that she liked best, and she got the sense that he was showing off. Not just that he'd bought her, but how well he could pleasure her. It was domination and exhibitionism, all rolled together in a heady mix.

Greedily, she strained towards the orgasm that Zyander now seemed determined to give her, now that Brik was watching. She was so, so close, when Zyander's fingers suddenly withdrew, leaving her panting. The edge of orgasm was so close, it felt like it was cutting into her. 

"PLEASE!" she practically screamed out the word, tears sparking in her eyes as her back arched, hips moving and humping empty air. "Please, please, please..."

Chuckling, Zyander shoved his honey-soaked fingers into her mouth, making her taste herself. She almost bit him, only holding back because some part of her mind realized that, if she did so, she definitely wouldn't be getting her orgasm any time soon. If at all. Sucking ferociously on his digits was the best she could do. 

"So what can I do for you, Brik?" Zyander asked, his voice casual. Like he wasn't torturing her. Asshole. "As you can see, my prinessa would like my full attention."

"It appears that we're trying to buy the same slave again," Brik said, drawling out the words, his eyes glinting as he watched Zyander's fingers thrusting into Chryssa's mouth, the same way they'd been thrusting into Chryssa's pussy. "Only this time, I put my bid in before you."

Zyander's fingers came to a halt, resting against her tongue as he narrowed his eyes at Brik. It took Chryss a moment to realize that the males must be talking about her brother - after all, he was the only slave that Zyander had put in a bid for. Two seconds later, she realized that the other slave Brik must have tried to buy was HER. Not that either of the males said it, she just knew it from the looks that they were giving her.

She nipped at Zyander's fingers, wanting to talk, but he ignored her.

"What do you want with the slave?" he asked Brik, instead. She decided not to bite him again - yet - since he was asking a question that she wanted to know as well. The conversation was slowly lowering her arousal, although her need to orgasm hadn't lessened any. If she could get her hands free, she'd have them between her legs in no time, despite the conversation. Hell, it'd be a lot easier to think if her body wasn't clamoring for her attention! It wouldn't take her long to cum, and then she could focus. 

"He excelled in the arena," Brik said carelessly, his wings readjusting themselves, like a shrug of the shoulders. "You know I'm always looking to acquire new talent."

Even though Zyander nodded, indicating that he knew what Brik was talking about, Chryssa didn't! And she wasn't too happy about being left out of the conversation. She bit Zyander's fingers a little harder. He pinched her nipple in retaliation, hard enough to make her gasp, but didn't move his other hand, keeping her effectively gagged. The throb from her nipple went straight to her pussy, even without any extra stimulation.

Damn him.

"What would you want in exchange for him?" Zyander asked. A small part of Chryssa that had been tense and worried, relaxed. He was going to take care of it. 

Brik's eyes slid to Chryssa and Zyander snorted. Yeah, no chance he was going to trade her for her brother. His free hand stroked the silver mark on her neck and Chryssa shuddered, whimpering around his fingers, as her pussy clenched. So, so close to cumming...

"There are plenty of other gladiators," Zyander said, his voice firm. "There's no loss on your part to find another one." Meaning - Chryssa was special, Jed was not, and it wouldn't be an even trade. Plus, the fact was, Chryssa was the entire reason that Zyander wanted Jed at all.

"Perhaps a night with your lovely prinessa," Brik mused, but Chryssa wasn't fooled by his casual bargaining. It was fairly obvious that she was what he'd wanted from the start. "As you said, there are many other talented gladiators, but as he was my first choice, I should receive some compensation for the loss."

Zyander paused, thinking about it. "You may join us for a night, in recompense," he said. 

Surprise ran through Chryssa. That was not at all what she expected. He was usually so possessive. It kind of irked her that the men were bargaining for the rights to her body without asking her at all, but she also knew that if Zyander had asked, she would have done anything for her brother. Plus... even as her mind quailed at the idea of two men at once, her pussy was immediately juicing with anticipation. Even if her brother hadn't been at stake, she probably would have wanted to try it. Especially with Zyander and Brik.

Another surprise was the way that Brik grinned at Zyander.

"Like we used to? I didn't realize you missed sharing a female with me so much," Brik said, almost teasingly. "Worried that you can't keep up with her on your own?"

Zyander snorted at the very idea. "I just want to prove to her how lucky she is that I got to her first."

Their taunting camaraderie had her blinking, as she realized that they knew each other much better than she had guessed. Jealousy fizzed through her as she realized that they'd shared other women before. Mostly jealousy born out of the fact that it sounded like an enviable experience and it somehow irked her that she hadn't had it yet. 

"I'll come over now," Brik said, his eyes moving back to Chryssa's prone body, squirming in the restraints.

The small smile that curved on Zyander's lips was somehow foreboding to her. "She'll be primed and ready by then, I'm sure."

Whimpering against his fingers, Chryssa's eyes fluttered shut as she realized she wasn't going to get to cum still. Not for a while yet, at least. His fingers withdrew, and the mattress shifted as he settled himself back between her legs, inspecting her swollen pussy.

"I can see you like the idea of two males," he said, his voice husky with a kind of possessive jealousy that she didn't understand, considering that he'd arranged it. "Enjoy it while it lasts, my greedy little Terran, I don't plan on repeating the experience." She realized that, although he may have shared women with Brik in the past, he didn't actually WANT to share her. Although it appealed to him on an erotic level, he was possessive of her. After all, he'd never made any of those other females his prinessa. 

He was sharing her, for her. Because she wanted her brother back. 

Although, she had to admit, she really did like the idea of being pleasured by both Zyander and Brik. This was not exactly going to be a hardship for her.

"But what if I REALLY like it?" she asked, sassily, getting him back a little bit for all the foreplay without any relief. She doubted he was going to be letting her orgasm before Brik arrived anyway, so she might as well say what she wanted. 

She shrieked as he smacked her pussy, his fingers slapping against the swollen lips and her needy clit. The shocking pain and pleasure coursed through her like a lightning bolt, making her clench and writhe as she almost managed to cum. Studying her through slitted eyes, she could see that Zyander was completely aware of just how aroused she was, not to mention temperamental because of it.

"Let's prepare you for Brik's arrival, dearheart," he said, stroking one finger up the center of her slit, dipping the tip slightly into her hole, before pulling it away again. "It will give us something to do while we wait."

Chryssa groaned.

The contraption that he ended up strapping her into was not one that she was unfamiliar with. It used Bindu Chains and a kind of mental command, allowing Zyander to force her body into whatever shape he desired. Once she was strapped in, it was easy for him to move her however he liked. 

As soon as he'd gotten her restrained to the frame, he'd bent her over so that her ass was high in the air, her pussy on display for him, while her breasts hung down below her and she stared at the ground. The position wasn't meant as a humiliation, or even for him to enjoy the view, but as an aid to his next part of her 'preparation.'

She grimaced and moaned as he slid the lubricated plug into her anus, tugging and pushing at it to help open up her tight sphincter. 

"I'm starting to think I don't fuck your ass enough, you're so tight back here," Zyander said in a husky voice, twisting the plug back and forth and making her gasp at the pleasurable sensation. It was so frustrating to have her ass being filled when it was her pussy that was craving it so badly. The plug burned slightly as it burrowed into her, and she realized it was true - Zyander hadn't been fucking her ass very often, and yet somehow that made it all the more thrilling when he did... but right now she wished that her tight hole was a little bit more prepared for the workout it was surely to receive today. "If you've fucked with Brik, then you already know how he likes to use his tail."

Chryssa's ass clenched around the plug at the reminder, and Zyander chuckled, enjoying the view of her twitching buttocks as her little pink hole stretched for the plug. The crinkles smoothed out as the largest part of the plug pushed forward, stretching her wide, and she cried out as it finally popped past her tight muscle. The full intrusion left her gasping for breath, as if the large plug had somehow pushed the air out of her lungs. It wasn't that big, of course, but it felt it.

It must have taken them longer than she'd realized for Zyander to get the Bindu chains all in place, because almost as soon as he'd finally seated the plug deeply with in her, the door to their room was opening. Since she'd heard him give orders that they weren't to be disturbed until Brik's arrival, she knew that it had to be the Hadesian. 

Twisting her head, she felt her pussy clench, her anus spasming around the plug, as Brik walked into the room, just as big and appealing and sexy as she remembered him. The ruddy red hue of his skin was an erotic contrast to Zyander's green tones as the two men greeted each other, slapping one another on the back. Brik didn't seem at all disturbed by Zyander's blatant nudity, and took no time at all stripping off his own suit. The demon-like wings that she remembered so well unfurled as he looked over at her.
