 1 

The night was beautiful. A combination of warm and cool. Many people were out on the street partying, living it up as if it was their last. 

One particular woman was walking the street with her hair as dark as the night flowing down her back. Her dark brown eyes were like the color of almonds. And her skin was nicely tanned with a tag of red blush on her cheeks. 

This particular woman had an appointment with a very special someone in a restaurant called, "The Pavilion". A very high class restaurant where the most high class people come to meet for conversation, get to know each other, and probably take home to fuck. 

As the woman approached the double glass doors, she opened it and walked in looking around. As she walked further into the restaurant, the woman spotted another woman with beautiful long bleach blonde hair sitting at the table alone. 

Knowing that she was the one she was looking for, the woman confidently walked over to the table with the blonde haired woman who looked taller than expected. 

"Excuse me," The woman spoke getting the blonde haired woman's attention, "is this seat taken?" 

The blonde haired woman just smiled as if happy to finally see the dark haired one. "Not at all, please." 

The dark haired woman pulled the chair back and sat down across from the blonde haired woman. She reached out her hand to take the blonde haired woman's in hers. "Gladia. Gladia Widow." 

"Barbara," The blonde haired woman said, "Barbara Rousillen." 

Gladia nodded and smiled. "Very interesting name. Very strong." 

"I could say the same thing to you," Barbara retorted. 

Gladia smirked. "Oh please my name is way to lame compared to yours." 

Barbara cracked a welcoming smile. "That would be a matter of opinion." 

A waiter approached the both of them. "Excuse me ma'am, is there something you like to drink?" 

Gladia looked at Barbara who looked back at her smiling. "I would like some red wine thank you," Then she turned to Barbara, "is that okay?" 

"Of course," Barbara assured, "I would like the same." 

The waiter bowed out of respect. "Of course, red wine coming right up." And the waiter left. 

"Red wine," Barbara said, "you have perfect taste." 

"I've always wanted to try red wine," Gladia stated, "and I like the color red." 

The waiter returned with two glasses and a bottle of red wine. He placed the glasses on each side of the table and unscrewed the top pouring both glasses with red wine. 

Both women said thank you, but before the waiter could be excused, he was stopped by Barbara. 

"Leave the bottle, please." 

The waiter nodded in agreement and left the bottle on the table. 

Gladia looked at Barbara like she just accomplished some sort of feet. "I am impressed." 

"By the wine or how much I'm willing to pay for it?" Barbara asked. 

Gladia shrugged. "Probably both." 

Barbara smiled. "Well I'm glad you approve." 

Gladia picked up her glass of wine and took a strong sip. "Um, that's good." 

Barbara did the same and agreed. "So, what brings you here?" 

"Well I moved here from Denver, Colorado last spring," Gladia answered. 

"Really, what for?" Barbara asked. 

"College, I'm studying micro-genetics." 

Barbara didn't know what they were studying in such a subject but nodded in agreement that it was an impressive major. "What are you hoping to be after you graduate?" 

"A nursing student," Gladia answered, "probably something more." 

Barbara took a sip of her red wine and looked at Gladia with a smile. "Well, I hope you make it towards your goal in the future." 

"Here-here," Gladia cheered. 

Both women raised their glasses and lightly banged them against each other making a small ding sound before they drank. 

"So what are you expecting of this night?" Barbara asked. 

Gladia just flashed Barbara a smile. "I'm pretty new at this." 

"A lot of people are," Barbara pointed out. 

"So how does this work? Do we just sit here until we get dead drunk and then leave to have some fun?" Gladia asked. 

Barbara shrugged. "That could be a possibility. But alcohol has a way of affecting my performance. That's why I only drink to a minimum." 

Gladia made a pouty face. "That's too bad. I guess I have to drink for the both of us?" 

"You could do that," Barbara advised, "but I rather you stay functioning while you and I are spending the night together." 

"Don't worry," Gladia assured, "I'll make sure we both get what we want out of this evening." 

Barbara just smiled at Gladia. "I hope your right." 

Barbara opened the door to her apartment complex and stepped aside letting Gladia in. 

Gladia looked around even though she was a little tipsy from the red wine. 

There was a big open space in the middle of the apartment. On the left side there was a kitchen big enough to fit four people. Further down there was the bathroom, but Gladia was really not interested in what's inside. But what fascinated Gladia the most was the queen sized bed up against the wall. There were no wooden or metal banisters. Nothing holding the bed up. There were two white covered pillows and a cover that matched them both. The whole apartment was colored bright blue which gave it a heavenly look. And the scent was the smell of white flower. The whole scene was beautiful. 

"You like?" Barbara asked. 

"Oh hell yes," Gladia commented, "this is wonderful. It's almost like..." 

"Heaven?" 

Gladia turned to Barbara smiling. "You took the words right out of my mouth." 

"Well I'm glad you approve." 

"Do you mind?" Gladia asked. 

"No not at all," Barbara excused. 

Gladia went and sat on the bed almost feeling herself sink. "Wow." 

"I know right?" Barbara said. 

Gladia positioned herself in a modeled pose sitting leaning back on her hands and crossing her legs as she stared at the beautiful, tall, blonde. "Don't you have something to show me?" 

Barbara smiled as she stepped out of her tan high heeled shows. She took off her tan white blouse and unzipped her same colored dress pulling it down to the floor. In her white bra and panties, Barbara reached behind her and unsnapped her bra freeing her voluptuous and perky breasts. 

Barbara saw Gladia licking her lips in anticipation as she continued to undress. 

Barbara placed both thumbs in the crevice of her white panties and slowly pulled them down. After stepping out of her panties, Barbara spread her legs letting her long thick 9 inch member hang between her thighs. 

Gladia's eyes widened in surprise as she couldn't stop staring at the long flaccid penis. 

"Is it everything you hoped for?" Barbara asked standing in a pose that showed confidence in her body. 

"And more," Gladia answered. 

Barbara walked up to Gladia who sat up on the edge of the bed. 

"So where do you want to start first?" Barbara asked. 

Gladia stood up until she was chest leveled with Barbara. She stared into Barbara's dark brown eyes, at her breasts, and down at her penis that looked like it was growing. "How about everywhere?" 

Gladia cupped Barbara's left breast in the palm of her hand and lightly squeezed covering the hard nipple with her mouth and licking it with her tongue. Then she did the same to the other breast. Gladia did not hear Barbara moan but figured she has done this many times before that she was used to the pleasure by now. 

Gladia wrapped her left hand around Barbara's thick member lightly squeezing it and feeling how it was getting hard as she stroked. 

Feeling like it was unfair that she was the only naked person in the room; Barbara placed her hands under the silken black straps of Gladia's dress and pulled them down revealing Gladia's perky tanned breasts. She pulled a little further until the dress was loose enough to fall to the floor on its own. 

"You came prepared," Barbara said kissing along Gladia's neck, "I like that." 

"I'm glad you approve, "Gladia said euphorically letting Barbara take over her body. 

Barbara squeezed Gladia's left breast with her right hand as hard as she could letting the hard nipple pulse out for her to lick and suck. Then she did the same to the other one. Barbara placed her hand between Gladia's thighs feeling the wetness between her legs letting her know she was ready. 

Barbara pushed Gladia on the white colored bed getting on top of her and kissing her as strong as possible. 

"Wait," Gladia halted pushing Barbara up with her hands on her chest. 

"What is it?" Barbara asked. 

Gladia turned over sticking her ass into the air and at Barbara. "This way." 

Barbara just smiled. She took a condom and tore the wrapper from it. She took out the condom and placed it on her hard ten inch dick. Positioning herself behind Gladia, she moaned erotically when Barbara stuck the head of her dick in first pushing slowly into Gladia's wet pussy. 

"Oh my God!" Gladia spoke in a low tone as she knew Barbara was not finished. 

Barbara slowly pushed further inside Gladia letting her pussy engulf the rest of her dick until her ass cheeks pressed firmly up against Barbara's pelvis. 

"Are you okay Gladia?" Barbara asked truly concerned. 

"Keep...going!" Gladia begged as she kept receiving Barbara's dick repeatedly. 

Barbara reached under to cup Gladia's breast as she kept forcing her cock in and out of her pussy with tremendous vigor. 

But something was wrong. Gladia's pussy was tight, a little too tight. Barbara knew from the way Gladia positioned herself and posed that she was not a virgin. Was she that experienced? Gladia's vagina was so tight that it began to lock. 

Gladia sweetie I know you're just trying to make me feel good but you need to loosen up okay?" Barbara begged. 

But Gladia kept moaning and pushing her buttocks towards Barbara's pelvis as if she was lost to the sexual prowess Barbara was giving her. Or was it something else? 

"Gladia, I think we need to take a break," Barbara begged again. 

"Keep...going!" Gladia said under her breath as she kept pushing up against Barbara's pelvis. 

Barbara tried to pull out but it was hard, like her vagina was literally trying to swallow her up. Then it came to her. NO! 

Barbara raised her fist up high and came down hitting Gladia square in the cheek. 

"OUCH!" Gladia cried somehow loosening up and giving Barbara the opportunity to quickly pull out and jump off the bed. 

Gladia turned and felt the blood from her cheek with her fingers and placed them in her mouth sucking her own red fluid like it was sauce. "So much for getting off." 

Barbara was not surprised, but disappointed that she fell for that trick. 

'So I guess this means the session is over huh?" Gladia asked as she started shifting. 

Her ass grew bigger into what looked like an abdomen and her body began to tear ripping through the flesh sprouting six extra, and what looked like, spider legs. 

"So," The monster Gladia spoke, "should we start over?" 

The giant spider like Gladia jumped at Barbara but she dodged out of the way making the monster land on the floor. Barbara ran into the kitchen where Gladia followed and just about when she was going in on the attack, Barbara sliced her left hand cutting it clean off. 

Gladia screamed in pain. "What the fuck?!" 

Gladia knew they were both in the kitchen but a meat cleaver couldn't cut that close. Gladia looked down at the stern looking Barbara and then what was gripped in her hand. It was a sword! 

"Where in the hell did you get that thing?" Gladia asked. 

"Does it matter?" Barbara spoke angry that one of those things had the goal to trick her into entering her apartment. "You won't live to tell about it." 

Barbara was about to come after Gladia and slice her to ribbons, but Gladia stepped back. 

"Next time bitch!" Gladia said and ran out of the kitchen through the living room and crashed through the window. 

Barbara looked out the window to see the spider Gladia crawl down the building and down the street where it disappeared into the bushes and finally vanished into the darkness. 

Barbara sighed. "I have to be more careful next time." 

2 

Melissa Growing and Don Wimpleton were in Melissa's dorm room looking at a men's health magazine. One of the pictures showed a tall, muscularly bulked, handsome black man posing half naked for the article. 

"You know what?" Melissa asked. 

"What?" Don responded. 

"I always wondered how they get that big?" 

Don chuckled. "That's easy, steroids." 

"You really think so?" 

"Hun, the rest of the players and I on the team work out every day. We cannot get any bigger than we already are." 

"That's too bad," Melissa said turning towards her boyfriend, "I would love to see how big you can get just by lifting those big heavy weights of yours." 

Don chuckled again. "What you see is what you get babe." 

Melissa grabbed hold of Don's t-shirt and pulled him close. "Well take off that shirt Mr. and show me what you got." 

Don leaned forward and started kissing Melissa on the lips and Melissa kissed back. In the process Don took off his shirt and Melissa helped revealing the hard built muscles that were every woman's dream come true. 

Don and Melissa continued kissing each other as Don pulled down his pants and underwear and Melissa just pulled down her panties. Both parties broke the kiss as Don suddenly shoved his penis into Melissa's vagina. 

Melissa flinched as she felt the pain of Don's penis enter inside her but for some strange reason was a little too intense. But Melissa paid it no mind and allowed him to continue making love to her. 

Suddenly, Melissa looked at Don hoping to see the want in his eyes. But his eyes were closed and in a weird way. Like he was concentrating rather than going with the flow. 

"What are you doing?" Melissa asked even though it sounded more like a demand. 

Don stopped his movement and opened his eyes looking down at the puzzled Melissa. "What, I'm making love to you." 

Melissa thought about it and in a split second figured it out. "No you're not; you are making love to the dude in the magazine!" 

Don's face suddenly turned red hoping he would come up with an excuse for his impotency. But when he could not find any, Don got off of Melissa and sat up in bed ashamed. 

Melissa sat up next him feeling his pain and not judging. "Don't feel bad Don," She spoke placing a hand on his left broad shoulder, "I have thoughts like that too." 

Don thought about what Melissa said for a second and turned to her confused. "You mean you have thoughts about other women?" 

Melissa nodded. "Yep." 

"But who?" 

"Mrs. Crumwell." 

Don's face turned into a question mark. "Our history teacher?" 

Clarissa Welding opened the door to the Sugar Hill XXX Shop and headed straight for the toy section. She stood and stared at the many sexual toys that were made to spice up one's sex life without having a partner involved. 

There were different colored, shapes, and sized dildos Clarissa could count and there were vibrators that brought a chill up her spine but in a good way. But the question was, was she really into this shit. 

These so called toys of pleasure were only really meant for women who were actually straight who couldn't or didn't care about getting a man. And that was the strange part because Clarissa didn't know if she was really into men. 

Clarissa spotted two blue balls she figured they were vibrators. She took one look at the item. "What the hell." She took the blue balls and took them to the counter where she paid for them. After walking out of the shop, Clarissa felt her heart beat wondering what two objects would feel like in her pussy. 

3 

Barbara sat at the same table like she always does at The Pavilion waiting for her next clients. As she waited she took a sip of her white wine since, after that night, lost interest in red. 

As she waited she couldn't help but think how Gladia, if that was her real name, escaped so swiftly. Or did she let her go? Either way the she-creature knew where she lived and could come back at any moment and possibly with friends. Which means she probably had to move to another location and probably soon. 

"Hi," Barbara looked up to see two dark haired couples standing above her. The woman who greeted herself reached out her hand, "you must be Barbara?" 

Barbara stood up and put her hand in hers. "You are certainly right. And you must be?" 

"Melissa," The woman answered, "this here is my friend Don." 

"The one with the problem I assume?" Barbara guessed. 

Barbara saw Don blushed as she shook his hand. She can definitely tell this was both of their first time. 

"You're a little bit taller than I expected," Melissa said but then threw her hands up as if freaking out, "I hope I didn't offend you by saying that?" 

Barbara just chuckled. "Not at all. I get that a lot. Please sit." 

All three of them sat at the same table. 

"Wow," Melissa spoke looking around, "I never knew this place actually exist. It's pretty nice." 

"Well thank you," Barbara said, "this is one of my favorite spots to meet my clients. I think it's a welcoming atmosphere." 

"Well you choose wisely," Melissa commented. 

"Thank you," Barbara said and then turned towards Don who looked like he did not want to be there, "you're awfully quiet Don. Is there something on your mind?" 

Don timidly chuckled. "I'm just a little nervous I guess." 

Barbara's smile widened. "It's okay to be nervous, keeps you alert and ready." 

Don's blush continued to redden as he knew Barbara was flirting. 

"I'm sorry, where are my manners," Barbara asked, "would you two like something to drink? White wine? On me." 

Don and Melissa glanced at each other and back at Barbara nodding. 

Barbara turned to the waiter who caught her gaze and she lifted up her index finger signaling him to bring over a bottle of her famous white wine. 

The waiter came over with two glasses and poured the white wine in both of them. Don and Melissa said their thank you and the waiter nodded out of respect and left the three at the table with their new drinks. 

Melissa took a light sip of hers. The wine coolly went in her mouth and warmed as it poured down her throat. "Wow, this is good." 

"I'm glad you approve." Barbara thanked. She took a sip of her wine and placed it down on the table in front of her. "So, what brings you two to me?" 

Don and Melissa looked at each other as if wanting to know who would go first in their explanation. 

"Well, you see Don and I knew each other since highschool and now we are both in college. We used to date." Melissa started. 

"Really, so what happened?" Barbara asked. 

Don and Melissa looked at each other hesitantly and back at Barbara. Barbara could tell they both were nervous and didn't really know how to explain themselves. 

"Well, we were dating quite a while and it seemed to go pretty well," Melissa continued, "but one night we hit a rough patch." 

"Really, what happened?" Barbara asked getting interested in this mystery. 

"Well Don has some performance issues," Melissa tried to put it lightly. 

Barbara turned to the timid Don. "Is this true Don?" 

Don glanced at Melissa as if telling her this whole thing was a bad idea. But Barbara was too caught up in the tale to let them go now. 

"Well Don, is this true?" Barbara asked. 

Don swallowed hard. "We have been going through some things yes." 

"And you come to me for help?" Barbara finished. 

"Well it's not just that," Melissa jumped in, "we are working on something in class. Something that deals with the emotional anatomy that consists with finding one's true self. I hope you understand?" 

"Research you mean?" Barbara corrected. 

Melissa quickly nodded. "Yes." 
