 Author's note: The US actually did shut down one of its code breaking ventures because, according to then US Secretary of State Henry L. Stimson. "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail." Also, as is becoming my mantra, yes, I am taking liberties with historical figures, and British titles and addresses are slightly different from there to here. So with that in mind, sit back and enjoy!

-----

As the leading scientists and engineers of Germany, Great Britain and the United States cooperated in Edison's Moon Project (and, incidentally, deepened the ties among those three nations), it should be noted that not all the denizens of St. Lucia came from nations that were prospering in these heady times, or necessarily had the best interests of some or all of the three partner nations at heart.

At the time, the United States was still somewhat puritanical in its outlook on intelligence gathering, although President Grant's newly established Secret Service, with operatives such as James West and Artemus Gordon, was proving useful. Still, the United States had no government spies on St. Lucia. J.P. Morgan, however, had hired a contingency of Pinkertons to keep a stealthy eye on his investments, and the East India Company employed a few individuals whose job it was to look behind closed doors and into locked curios. In addition, Great Britain and the German Empire both had dispatched spies to keep a lookout for trouble. Although all four groups operated independently, there was a certain amount of unofficial cooperation among the four groups, and a list of "persons of interest" was shared by all.

Heading that list of "persons of interest" was Claudette Dubois and Consul General Kido Aritomo.

Officially, Claudette Dubois was the guardian of eighteen year old Marie Olivier who, depending on your source, was the daughter of a major or minor noble, legitimate or 'natural', of the now defunct Second French Empire. In France, the National Assembly was in turmoil, Paris was in the hands of the Commune, and whether the French would find themselves in the hands of a monarchist or republican government by year's end was anyone's guess. Claudette and Marie lived in a small cottage, depending on a stipend provided by the British government and donations from British aristocrats who did not wish to see a fellow noblewoman wanting. Marie, a dark haired, brown eyed woman possessing the physical traits favored by this story's main protagonist, James Davidson, was innocent enough (or so it was presumed), but the powers that be suspected Claudette of being an agent for at least one of the major factions in France and possibly Czarist Russia as well.

Officially, Kido Aritomo was the consular general for the Empire of Japan, which was, thanks to the Meiji Restoration, dragging itself into the nineteenth century. Japan had opened a consulate in St. Lucia since the island was becoming a major commercial, industrial and scientific center. But it was an open secret that Aritomo was there as the eyes and ears of the Emperor into the Moon Project. Aritomo had been a naval officer educated in England, and was a man who could move easily between his old world and his new one. Aritomo had left most of his family at home, though he had brought his youngest son, eleven year old Akihiko, to expose him to western influences. Acting as Akihiko's governess was his eighteen year old sister, Kumiko, who had had an English tutor, but was in many ways the stereotypical shy, young Japanese maiden with doe-like eyes that Westerners picture when they thought of Japan. (Oddly enough, Kumiko also possessed the physique favored by Mssr. Davidson, i.e., petite, trim, "stacked", and with long, dark silky straight hair).

Both Aritomo and Claudette would be watched carefully that night, as both would be at the pre-launch party at India House. Young Akihiko was disappointed that he would not be able to attend, as he relished every chance he got to meet the ethernauts, and hoped someday that he could become one. Akihiko took solace, though, that he would be present for the launch of the Prometheus tomorrow.

After some consideration, Aritomo and Claudette decided to allow their female wards to attend, with the strict instructions to keep within sight of their guardian, and to keep their eyes and ears open. For what, neither Aritomo nor Claudette elaborated. But a young ethernaut might let something slip in a conversation with a pretty young woman that he might not repeat in front of her parent/guardian. Such opportunities could not be missed.

And at India House, preparations were being made for that night's event

The official celebration was, of course, in honor of tomorrow's launch of the Prometheus. But there would be a 'small' corner of the celebration set aside in honor of the birthday of the head of the ethernaut corps, James Davidson.

A number of people would be very happy to see James' birthday and his participation in the Moon Project celebrated. He was a favorite of the British delegation, both commercial and governmental, and his friendship with Lord Brent was seen as symbolic of the growing ties between the United States and Great Britain. And other individuals wouldn't have minded establishing closer ties with James Davidson as well. 

Especially one Lady Sarah Brent.

Like a number of the women on St. Lucia, Sarah had entertained romantic notions about the dashing young ethernaut. Sarah was, however, realistic about the near non-existent chances of those notions reaching fruition. She had even said as much in a conversation with her brother a few weeks ago.

"Sarah, dear," her brother had started the conversation, "you know, if you ever thought of establishing a more ... er, hum ... permanent liaison with Mr. Davidson, I'm sure mother and father could be convinced. Oh, I'm sure they would make a fuss, especially mother, but James is a man with prospects, as father would say. He's done, and is posed to do, both Country and Company a turn of good, and one can hardly dismiss a man mentioned favorably in The Times."

"Don't be silly, Willy," Sarah said with an affected laugh that masked the pang she felt at what she knew was a false hope. "Even if I had inclinations of that sort, Mr. Davidson would prove as rigid on matters of rank as any Peer of the Realm. Mr. Davidson sees me as above his station, and thus above his approach."

"James is an American, Sarah," her brother countered, "A breed that can be as republican as any blood crazed Froggy."

"James is a gentleman, Willy. He may consider himself your equal in one of your flying contraptions, but trust me when I say that our Mr. Davidson will not let such a notion cross the mortar of his honor. Now, let us change the subject of our discussion to a less ridiculous proposition."

In truth, Sarah wished she could have entertained the notion of being married to James, but station was station, and both she and James had to honor their respective positions in life.

At the moment, Sarah was in her suite of rooms at India House, as her maid, Kalyani Gupta, helped her get dressed. Kalyani's family had worked for the Brents in India for generations, and Kalyani had been Sarah's companion, servant and friend since both were little girls.

"So how do I look, Kalyani?" Sarah said, spinning around.

"I think you and Mr. Davidson will make a splendid couple," Kalyani replied. "I am very envious."

Sarah gave Kalyani a pointed look. "I think you, Kalyani, like half the women on this island, have more than a passing interest in Mr. Davidson." 

Kalyani blushed prettily, and then replied, "And you can include yourself in that half, mistress. Deny it if you will, but we both know that to be true!" Kalyani's pronouncement and laugh brought a blush to Sarah's cheeks.

"Well, he can be a charming rogue when he wants to be," Sarah replied. "Still, I don't think you can put me into the league of his sighing admirers."

"He is always so brave and polite and dashing, no matter who is involved," Kalyani gushed. "There was the Chinese woman he defended, even though it was against a hundred brigands..."

Sarah chuckled. "That numbers grows leaps and bounds in each telling. When next I hear it, James will probably have defended her against the ghosts of Blackbeard and his murdered crew."

"Still, a woman can be thankful when Mr. Davidson comes to her rescue," Kalyani replied, with what Sarah called Kalyani's mooning lovesick cow look.

"I don't think Mr. Davidson minded at all rescuing you, Kalyani," Sarah replied with a smile. Which was true enough. Kalyani was a very lovely woman, 'built' along Sarah's own lines, though Kalyani's smooth complexion was an olive brown, and her hair thick and black. Part of Kalyani's duties was often to serve as Sarah's tailoring 'dummy', when Sarah herself was unavailable to be fitted. Kalyani's beauty had occasionally gotten her into trouble, as some of the visitors to India House thought that liberties could be taken with the young servant, despite her protests of virtue. This had come to a halt when Sarah's brother had threatened to make it point of honor when one visitor wanted to press the matter, James had offered to serve as her brother's second, and when the miscreant who had acted offensively toward Kalyani had responded that it was silly to get in such a huff about a "bit of wog fluff," James had pulled the man out of his chair, tossed him out onto the street, and proceeded to beat him senseless, much to the amusement of the younger men of India House. From that point on, anytime James entered a room with Kalyani, she would stare at him with wide, adoring eyes, much to the consternation of James and the amusement of Sarah's brother.

"I'll make sure Mr. Davidson pops in for a few words with you, Kalyani." Sarah covered her ears at Kalyani's squeal. "Just try not to get his attire damp with your drool."

"You are very evil, Lady Brent, for suggesting such a thing. Now, if I may attend to one of the laces on your sleeve?" With that, Kalyani put the finishing touches to Sarah's dress.

-----

"How are things going, Fufa?"

Sonya Kowalevski looked up with a smile as James Davidson stuck his head into her office. James was one of the few members of the Moon Project who called her 'Fufa', or bothered to learn a few words of her native Russia. Sonya had to admit that, not unlike more than a few women on St. Lucia, she harbored a small crush on the American ethernaut. The fact that James had taken the trouble to learn a few phrases of Russian didn't hurt. Or that he fully supported her position as chief mathematician of the Edison Project.

Twenty-four year old Sonya reflected on the implausible journey that had brought the second daughter of a Russian artillery officer from Moscow to the island that hosted the cutting edge of modern science. Born the second child of General Vasily Kovalevskaya, Sonya had always demonstrated a talent for mathematics, a talent that had been nurtured by her father and mother, who had gone so far as to hire her a personal tutor. However, women were not allowed to attend university in Russia. Undeterred, Sonya left Russia under the guise of a purely fictitious marriage to Vladimir Kovalevsky (a paleontologist who would later gain fame for his collaborations with Charles Darwin) to attend university at Heidelberg and later would earn her doctorate at the University of Göttingen. It was her doctoral thesis on elliptic integrals and the dynamics of Saturn's rings that would bring her attention to the newly established Edison Moon Project. Her radical political beliefs (radical by Czarist Russian standards) had precluded her gaining a professorship in her native Russia. So at the recommendation of her 'sponsor', legendary German mathematician Karl Weierstrass, Sonya took the position of chief mathematician for the Edison Moon Project.

Even in a community like St. Lucia, at the latter part of the nineteenth century, it wasn't easy for a woman to assume an academic position. Fortunately, in the field of mathematics, Sonya was probably the most brilliant person in the Western Hemisphere at the time The fact that no less a notable than Karl Weierstrass had recommended her didn't hurt. And she found that had two supporters in the persons of James Davidson and Katherine O'Sullivan.

James himself knew what it was like to be prejudged before being able to prove himself (having to overcome his past as a Confederate soldier). And Katherine O'Sullivan, having ambitions of being a woman journalist, empathized with any woman trying to break into a man's world.

So on the eve of the launch of Prometheus, Sonya found herself accepted as a valued member of the Edison Moon Project.

"Deedra and I were just going over the calculations for tomorrow's launch." At that point, eighteen year old Deedra Helmholtz, daughter of German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz, stuck her head out of a room adjoining Sonya's office. "Good afternoon, Herr Davidson." James swore that the blush that he always saw on the shy young German girl's face must be a permanent physical feature. At one time, Sonya had been a student of Deedra's father. When she had secured her present position, Sonya had taken her old teacher's daughter as her student and personal assistant. The younger woman, by all accounts, showed great promise.

"Well, make sure everything checks out and that you're both at India house tonight," James added with a smile. As soon as he disappeared, Sonya turned to her student/assistant. "Tongue back in your mouth, Deedra."

Deedra stuck her tongue at her mentor as she brought out a sheath of papers. "Everything checks out, Fr--Sonya." It had taken some time for Deedra to address Deedra by her first name. Deedra's father might have been liberal enough to instruct a Russian woman who had demonstrated her mathematical genius, but the Helmholtz household had not run along egalitarian lines.

"Good. Tomorrow's launch then, will hopefully be clockwork-like in its execution. Let us make sure everything is properly filed before retiring to the Consulate." The Consulate was the term that the denizens of St. Lucia used to refer to the complex of residences and housing establishments that had sprung up around the German Consulate and served as home to the German citizens and expatriates working at or with the Edison Moon Project. Deedra and Sonja shared a small suite of rooms in one of the boarding houses.

"Everything properly filed. I believe you will become a good German yet," Deedra teased her mentor. Sonya rolled her eyes. Although the two women were built along similar lines (petite, athletic but well proportioned, with long hair), Deedra was of obvious Teutonic stock, with blue eyes, blond hair, fair skin and rosy cheeks, whereas Sonya sported brown eyes, long brown wavy hair, and Slavic cheekbones.

"That's that, then," Sonya said, as the last bit of paperwork was filed away. "Now to get fitted," she added with a sigh.

"Don't be that way," Deedra said with a laugh. "Dressing up is fun!"

Sonya shook her head. "At least it's tea gowns. Those damned narrow fan trains..."

Deedra laughed at the look on her mentor's face before the two left Sonya's office and returned to their rooms.

-----

"I can't believe I'm going to this much trouble for that man."

Bessy Johnson looked up from her book at Emily Waggoner, not bothering to ask who that man was. She did exchange a subtle look with Nizhoni, who was helping their mutual friend get ready for the party at India House. Bessy and Nizhoni, being school teachers for the children of the members of the American and English delegation to St. Lucia, weren't expected to attend what was going to be one of the major social events on the island. As the daughter of the United States Undersecretary for International Ethereal Cooperation, Emily was expected to be in attendance at the event, even if part of the gathering was to be a birthday celebration for one James Davidson, head of the ethernaut corps for the Edison Moon Project.

Emily detested James. Everyone knew this because Emily took every opportunity to profess her hatred for James. When Nizhoni had once quoted Shakespeare after one of these anti-James Davidson tirades (methinks the lady dost protest too much), Bessy had thought that a blood vessel on Emily's forehead was going to burst.

It was actually interesting that of the three women, it was only Emily who held a grudge against James. Bessy, after all, had been born a slave (though she was emancipated at the age of five by Union troops in Mississippi). Nizhoni was the orphaned daughter of a Navajo scout who had been killed while scouting for Union troops out West. James Davidson was an ex-Confederate soldier and ex-Indian fighter, but both Emily and Nizhoni were like the majority of the young woman on St. Lucia, in that James Davidson was a dashing figure who more than once figured prominently in their dreams and semi-illicit fantasies.

Nizhoni, Bessy and Emily had other traits in common as well. They were all young women in their late teens, well educated and physically similar, except for their coloration (i.e., petite, well curved, athletic, and with waist length hair). In the matter of personality, though, the differences between the three were like night and day. Emily was all fire and passion and all about larger than life causes. Nizhoni was almost the stereotypical quite Indian maiden, who worked well with the smaller children, but was painfully shy around strangers, especially dashing ones like James Davidson. Bessy, even for her young age, was the perfect school marm, with eyes in the back of her head when it came to troublemakers, and who brooked no challenge to her authority in the school house.

"Well, I think you look beautiful," Nizhoni said, making a slight adjustments to Emily's dress. "And don't worry about Mr. Davidson. There will be plenty of people there. You can just keep the room between the two of you."

Emily harrumphed, then gave Nizhoni a quick hug. "I just wish I could stay with you three tonight, we could all play a round of..."

"Old maid?" Bessy inserted, with a smile.

Emily laughed. "I was thinking the Messenger Boy." The Game of the District Messenger Boy, or Merit Rewarded, had been published just the year before, and was all the rage.

"We'll just have to suffer through while you're at the party," Bessy said impishly. Emily stuck her tongue out at Bessy.

"Have a good time, Emily," Nizhoni said with a smile. "We look forward to hearing all the details."

Emily gave Nizhoni a hug. "Well, I expect to be in as early as I can be. Perhaps early enough for a round of Messenger Boy." With a wave to Bessy, Emily left the shared common room. Bessy and Nizhoni shared a look, then found themselves a comfortable chair and book, not expecting to see their friend until they woke in the morning.

-----

As the island's various inhabitants made arrangements for attending the soiree at India House (or helping others to do so), three friends were making their goodbyes to each other in Daniel's Cafe Americana.

The three men gathered could not have been more different. There was William "Tiny" Teller, the railway engineer who had supervised the construction of the Rail, the series of steam engines, railroad tracks and other devices that would propel the Prometheus into the ether tomorrow. In one way, Tiny was an accurate description of William Teller, in that he stood no more than five foot tall. On the other hand, most men would swear the forty five year old, balding Irishman was at least five foot across the shoulders, and nobody would have called William "Tiny" if he didn't introduce himself that way.

Then there was G. Lade Walker (or just 'Walker' to friends and associates), who was the chief dirigible pilot for Ognjeslav 'Oggy' Stepanovic's airship works. The blonde, clean shaven thirty something year old Walker looked as if he could have been the model for the covers of the penny novels about dashing dirigible pilots and other adventurers.
