 Author's note: Yes, yes, I know, first I take liberties with history, then with geology. So you're thinking to yourself, does that woman's cosmological meddlings no know bounds? Oh, and as always, all previously applied caveats still apply!

*****

Considering it's short life, the American Emporium Hotel was quite a sizable structure. Of course, a lot of structures in the capital of St. Lucia seemed to have sprung up overnight, but the American Emporium Hotel was an all-consuming behemoth, slowly swallowing the smaller structures and properties around it. Point of fact, the American Emporium Hotel had originally started as three separate structures: an aging hotel, a once prominent restaurant and small row of shops that had been abandoned. All three structures would have been doomed to eventual dilapidation if it had not been for the Edison Moon Project. On the eve of the launch of the Prometheus, the American Emporium Hotel had not only connected these three structures, it had absorbed them. With the thriving business that came with the Edison Moon Project and all the other industries and commerce popping up on St. Lucia, the hotel's appetite was only growing more voracious.

The hotel was already a grand, byzantine structure, surrounded by (and often surrounding) two-story cottages, such as the one James called his "room" (James had wanted just a simple room, but the three partners of the American Emporium hotel had decided it was unbefitting for the head of the ethernaut corps and local hero to sleep in a small room with a shared bath). The hotel had grown in such a fashion that very few could navigate the structure in its entirety without getting lost at least once.

And there were the caves.

Underneath the original hotel was a large cave, which had originally been used as a storage area and trash dump. When workers cleared out the debris, a tunnel was discovered that connected the large cave to four or five smaller caves, all surprisingly very stable and well ventilated. These newly discovered caves were used for the wine cellar, cold storage and other similar uses.

Dayo Wong had converted one of these caves for his family's personal use, and it was his daughter Cuifen who had discovered another tunnel that led to a cave with water. Specifically, the cave had a pool fed by a hot spring, and another one that was cool but not cold. The cave in question was amply lit with diffused sunlight coming from the ceiling. Cuifen immediately told her father about it and asked if she could use it as a bath for her and her friends. That might have seemed an odd request to any other father from his daughter, but Dayo had grown up with public baths in his town (with separate areas for each gender, of course), and his first thought was to investigate the soundness of this new cave. Exploring the caves himself, Dayo, who had some experience with tunnel building in the Western United States, declared it sound. Building a door for the entrance of the cave baths (to ensure the modesty of his daughter and her friends), Dayo gave his daughter several precautions, such as not to light paper lanterns around the bath. Finally, after one final check of the cave, Dayo pronounced the Wong Bathhouse for Women open.

Of course, Cuifen only had three friends to share it with, and they were reluctant at first. Bathe with a group of other people? It seemed an outrageous idea. Of course, a number of people might have considered the friendship that existed between Cuifen Wong, Jane Meynard, Sophia Fiorvanzo and Katherine O'Sullivan outrageous but, when examined, it was quite understandable. Cuifen, Jane and Sophia all worked at the hotel and, being of the same age and not really knowing anyone else, slowly gravitated toward each other. And Katherine, for all her worldliness and talk of independence, did yearn at times for the company of friends other than the hard writing, hard drinking press corps that she was usually surrounded by. So the four young women found themselves becoming fast friends.

When Cuifen gleefully told her friends that the four of them would have their own bathhouse, the news was met with shock, which of course shocked Cuifen. To her, it was an unheard of luxury, one that was surely reserved only for noblewomen, to have a bathhouse just for her and her friends. So why shouldn't she want to share her good fortune with her friends? After an uncomfortable silence, it was Katherine O'Sullivan who slowly drew out tales that Cuifen had heard from her father, about the various wonders of a Chinese city, including the public bathhouses.

After chewing on her lower lip thoughtfully, Katherine looked at her two Occidental friends and said, "Well, ladies, let's get out of our knickers and take a proper bath." Sophia and Jane were now doubly shocked, but Cuifen was filled with glee, uncharacteristically hugging her friend Katherine, then grabbing her by the hand, leading her to the bath. With an air of dread and foreboding, Sophia and Jane followed.

Once they got down to the bath caves, Cuifen showed them the door, with it inside lock and slide bar, then led them to the bath cave. The room was dimly lit from some unseen vents in the cave's ceiling, giving it the look of early morning. Cuifen showed them the various racks to hang their clothing on, and then, in one seemingly swift motion, disrobed and launched herself into the warm waters.

Exhibiting more courage than she felt, Katherine made a show of nonchalance as she undressed. Turning to Sophia and Jane, she said, "Well, come on you two. If you wait too long, I'm sure that water will get cold, hot spring or no."

It was probably Cuifen's obvious glee of having such a treasure to share with her friends that gave Sophia and Jane the courage to disrobe in front of others in public, and climb into the warm water. Cuifen was laughing and clapping, and began talking about how they could perhaps bring fruit juice and chill it for serving here. The western women nodded, finding the water actually quite comfortable, and the natural bench in the pool rather smooth. They still felt rather exposed,both physically and psychologically, but slowly began to get, if not comfortable, less uncomfortable. After a short time, the group shifted to the colder pool. Later, as they got dressed, Cuifen happily announced that this would be a weekly event, an announcement that was not met with universal glee among her Western friends.

Still, it did not take long for the weekly bath to become tolerated, and after a while, even anticipated.

During the weekly discussion that was taking place on the eve of the launch of the Prometheus, Katherine O'Sullivan was sitting forward in the warm water, naked as the proverbial jaybird, regaling her friends with the story of her appointment as the Moon Project's spokeswoman.

"And then he stuck out his hand to shake mine, to confirm the deal," she concluded.

"Because he wanted to show you respect," Jane noted solemnly, and Katherine nodded her head in agreement.

"And so what did you do next?" Sophia asked.

"I kissed him, of course," Katherine deadpanned. There was a collected gasp, and then Sophia laughingly said, "You Jezebel!" which led to a giggling water fight between Katherine and Sophia.

Finally Sophia raised her hands in the air and yelled, "I give! I give!" As she caught her breath, Jane asked, with a certain amount of envy, "What was it like?"

"Contrary to popular opinion," Katherine said, with a mock glare at Sophia, who giggled, "I don't have much experience, but I will say that our Mr. Davidson can certainly make a girl's toes curl. And he knows how to properly rub a bum as well." This led to more shrieks of laughter from Sophia, and a "You didn't!" from Jane. Cuifen sat quietly, watching the exchange between her friends.

A serious look came on Katherine's face. "I'll not say I haven't had to slap more than one man's face for putting his hands unwanted on my posterior." Then a look of contentment crossed Katherine's face. "But for all his derring-do, our Mr. Davidson is a very gentle man, and I'll not say his touch was unwanted. And there's something to be said for someone who picks the best man for the job, especially when that man is a woman!" This pronouncement was met with general laughter from Jane and Sophia. The laughter quickly died when Cuifen quietly announced, "James kissed me too."

Three sets of Western eyes looked at Cuifen with amazement, and then Katherine quietly asked, "Cuifen...?"

"I gave him my birthday present," Cuifen continued, "the watch chain that I made with my braided hair. You were right, he loved it. Then I told him I would be leaving for New York next summer to be married, and before I knew it, I threw myself into his arms and he hugged me and it was the warmest place in the world, and the safest, and I knew nothing could hurt me there. And when I looked up, we just looked at each other, and then we were kissing. And my toes curled, Katherine, just like yours. It was like being in a summer afternoon rain shower, or a thunderstorm, exciting and a little frightening but you feel really alive. And then he touched me here and then here..."Cuifen ran her fingertip from her cheek along her neck to the hollow of her throat..."and I wanted him to touch me other places, but I left and I ... and I ... and I don't want to go to New York! I want to stay here! Even if James never kisses me again, I want to stay here!" With that last pronouncement, Cuifen burst into tears. Katherine scooted over, cradling Cuifen in her arms, stroking her hair and whispering nothing and everything, while Jane and Sophia scooter closer, also trying to comfort her.

After a few minutes, Cuifen sat up and looked at her three friends. "The three of you are the best friends a woman ... no, a person," Cuifen stared at Katherine when she said this, and got an approving nod, " ... could ever have." Cuifen ducked her head underwater, then came back up, wiping her face. "And I will be a dutiful daughter and go to New York. But I will always have your friendships in my heart."

Katherine and the others had resumed their seats. "You could stay here. I'm sure ... well, at the very least, I'm sure I need an assistant. You could stay in the Moon Project. Well, there has to be something we can do," Katherine said, looking at Jane and Sophia pleadingly.

Cuifen gave her usual quiet smile when she felt again composed enough to speak. "I'm not you, Katherine. I do envy you your freedom and your adventures and the great delight which you consume life. But I am who I am. And a year from now, I will be a dutiful wife living in New York City." Cuifen's face was serene, but there was a deep sadness in her eyes, easily visible by those who knew her.

Katherine, though, simply straightened her shoulders. Then a wicked gleam came to her eyes. "Well, I'll make sure you have a few more memories to last you before you leave. Did you like your kiss with James? I know I did." Cuifen blushed but nodded. Turning to the other ladies, Katherine said, "When James gets home from his party tonight, I think we should all give him a birthday kiss. Now, if you ladies will excuse me, I think it's time for me to rinse and cool off." With that, Katherine moved from the warm pool to the cool one. Before she stepped in to the cooler pool, she added, "I think our Mr. Davidson would be very appreciative if, for his birthday present, he could see us all like we are right now."

This got a chorus of shrieks and protests and laughter, as the rest of the ladies joined Katherine in the colder pool.

--

While Katherine was plotting on having a number of birthday kisses bestowed on James Davidson, a grand feast was being held in a hall underneath the surface of the far side of the moon. At one end of the grand hall sat Princess Ilanya, her father and their extended family. At the other end of the table was the future mate of Princess Ilanya, Prince Hernomazy, along with his own entourage. In between them sat merchants, artisans and other attendees. As was the custom at a grand feast among the Toranth, wine and food was served, mock combat was initiated and entertainers performed, all simultaneously.

Hernomazy was wrestling with three of his companions on top of the table and, for once, it looked as it the Prince was to be bested. Two of his companions had each pinned one of his arms, and the third was lying on his legs. One of his companions asked, "Do you yield, Prince?"

Prince Hernomazy laughed in response. Suddenly, the mass of his two arms decreased to half their size. Further down his side, two more arms appeared. The hands at the end of these new arms reached down and struck the Toranth holding his leg under the ears, stunning him. Then using his legs and the second set of arms, Prince Hernomazy quickly launched himself to his feet. His reduced first set of arms easily slipped through the grasp of the Toranth trying to hold him, who were still disconcerted by the sudden decrease in the size of the Prince's arms.

Hernomazy's arm merged, and he struck a debilitating blow against the Toranth who had been holding his legs, knocking him senseless. There was a blur of motion between Hernomazy and the other Toranth, but within a minute, Henomazy's body was stretched and contorted at odd angles, with the Prince having the head of one of his opponent's between his legs, and his hands locked behind the head of the other Toranth's neck.

"I think, Loshnaya, I will decline your offer," the Prince said with a smirk on his face.

Loshnaya laughed and yielded for himself and the other two of the Prince's opponents.

Prince Hernomazy stood up and allowed his body to resume its normal state, then stepped down off the table. Princess Ilanya's father and the rest of the table applauded. "Excellent! Excellent! I cannot wait to see what grandchildren this union produces. I think, Prince Henomazy, that one day your father's lands and mine will be united, with the wilderness between conquered and tamed."

"You are too kind, your Majesty," Henomazy said as he bowed, resuming his seat. He looked over at Princess Ilanya, who was quiet and somber. Henemazy knew the Princess didn't care for this union, but he was indifferent to her feelings. Truth be told, he was actually excited at the prospect of her reluctance. And there was the rumor that the spirit the Princess channeled allowed her body to heal quickly, in the same fashion that Henomazy's Ancestor allowed the Prince to shape his own body. Henomazy was hoping this was true, as he had certain appetites that he often had to curb. Perhaps he would not have to curb them anymore.

Henomazy was able to catch Ilanya's eye as one of the servants carried by a bowl of large, round fruit. Henomazy quickly grabbed two fruit and, holding one up in each hand, formed claws at the end of his fingers, easily piercing the shell of the fruit.

--

"Be still, James."

"Yes, sir," James responded, as Antonio Fiorvanzo took a brush over James' dark dinner jacket, one of the tailless ones that had quickly become the fashion on both sides of the Atlantic.

The two were standing in the reading room of James' cottage, with Antonio going over James' attire with a soft brush. Finally, Antonio stood back and announced, "You will do your country proud, James."

James nodded, though in his heart, he wondered if America could ever be his country again. His youth in Maryland seemed like a different lifetime, and his time in the West was something completely alien to what James thought it meant to be an American. Even the short time James had spent in New Jersey, before the Moon Project moved to St. Lucia, always felt temporary.

"America is home," Antonio declared, as if reading James' mind. "No matter where we start, or if we stumble and get lost, America is the home we are always seeking."

James smiled, clapping Antonio on the shoulder. "Thank you, Mr. Fiorvanzo." The immigrant, more so than those Americans whose family had spent generations in the United States, was much more forgiving of James' past.

Again, Antonio seemed to read his mind. "James, I think you will find that the people back home think of you as the prodigal son. They are happy that you have returned to the fold, and are proud of what you do, proud to claim you as one of their own. But enough of this. We ... that is my family, the Wongs and the Meynards, have a birthday present for you."

James was embarrassed. "Mr. Fiorvanzo, really, all of you do too much for me already."

"Nonsense. As I said, we are all proud to call you our American hero." Antonio dug into one of his pockets, then pulled out something in his folded hand. When Antonio opened his hand, James' eyes bugged out. "Sir, I cannot..."

"Of course you can, James," Antonio responded decisively. "Now be quiet and let me put them on." James put his wrists forward dutifully, as Antonio fastened James' sleeves with two gold cufflinks, both shaped like the Prometheus.

"Sir, I don't know what to say..." James stuttered.

Antonio grinned and impishly replied, "In the small town I grew up in, you would say 'Grazie', and I would reply 'Prego'!"

Antonio's face took on more serious countenance as he added, "I am very proud of you, James. The thing you do is important, but not only for the machines it will build, or the adventures you young men will have. I think what you do, what we do will..." Antonio's brow furrowed in concentration. "I may not have the right words, but I will try to explain myself."

"Look where I stand, a poor Italian boy. My sons run my shop at home, and I stand here in a tropical paradise, a rich man, able to give my family and friends the best. And this is only with a little freedom. In our America, each generation expands this freedom. Who knows, perhaps one hundred years from now, my great grandson will be President." Antonio rubbed his chin, then continued. "It is not cheap, this freedom. And it is not easy. It is like a woman giving birth, and the pains are uncomfortable. Who knows? Perhaps a hundred years from now, a man will be free to tell me my beliefs are superstitions, and I shall have no right to express my opinion in public." Antonio gave a Gallic shrug. "But in the end, what is in my heart is mine, and I have a right to express it, and you have a right not to listen it, and that is that."

James watched in earnest silence, never having heard the older man speak this much on anything. Antonio chuckled, "Forgive my rambling, James. But I think, here, what we do on this island, will usher in the freedoms faster. Why, you have women working in important posts in your project. The Russian woman who does the adding and subtracting. Can you imagine any such thing ever being possible? And I think in the future, the very near future, a man ... or a woman! ... will be able to do anything as long as they have the talent for it!"

"Sir," James said solemnly, "I think you are the one that makes me proud to be an American."

"Pffft," Antonio said, waving his hand dismissively. "I am just an Italian barber. But my great grandsons and great granddaughters, will owe you much for the world you open here. Which leads me to a serious subject." James became nervous at the serious tone that Antonio took. "I know that there is a certain fondness that exists between you and my daughter, Sophia, and it is the secret hope of both her and my wife that you will convert to the beliefs of the Church so that the two of you can be married. However, no matter what you do, I will forbid my daughter from ever marrying you."

"Oh?!" James was taken aback by this statement. True, he had come to the decision long ago that, because of his ambitions, he could never marry Sophia, but to have her father pronounce such a union as impossible...

"Do not get me wrong, James. I think you are a fine man, a good man. And in other circumstances, I would welcome you as my son. And, though I will deny having ever said such if you repeat it to my wife," Antonio said with a twinkle in his eye, "in their purest essence, I think there is no difference between Protestantism and Catholicism. However, both my daughter and her mother are committed to the Church, so there is nowhere else you two could be married. And, what you are doing, it is too important, even if it means denying innocent people their happiness."
