 Author's note: And this is the last of the 'buildup chapters.' All previous caveats apply!

*****

It was a moment Sarah would always remember, being announced with James as she entered the main ballroom of India House. She knew there were more than a few envious eyes on her as James escorted her on his arm and, for a moment, she allowed herself the little fantasy that she had been announced as Mrs. James Davidson.

Of course, the story behind hers and James' delay had circulated around the room, and when the Governor-General greeted the couple he remarked, "My Commissioner of Police is very cross with you, young man. Wants me to ask you to leave some miscreants for the official police."

As the young couple made their way to the sideboard, James waved at the young German Prince, who was standing next to a rather large, intricate model of the Prometheus and its launching platform.

"We'll stop by there in a few minutes, James," Sarah assured him, "but there are a few people you will need to speak to first. And, of course, there are certain ladies present you will need to dance with."

"I was under the impression that I would be dancing with you all evening, Lady Brent," James answered.

Sarah smiled and patted James on the cheek. "That's very sweet of you, James, but of course that's quite impossible." Before James could object, Sarah put a finger lightly on his lips. "I see that you are as unschooled on these matters as poor Willie. Fortunately, he's always had the good sense to listen to mother and me on these matters, and it would be wise of you to follow suit. The Japanese consul is in attendance and has brought his daughter. He will undoubtedly wish to demonstrate that he can conduct himself in a fashion equal to any European in attendance, which means he will wish his daughter escorted on the floor for at least one dance. Since the Prometheus is the event whose hour has come, he will undoubtedly expect an ethernaut to do the honors. And since you and Willie are the only two of that esteemed company who aren't complete wastrels," Sarah added with a smile, "the honor will fall to you."

"Where is your brother, anyway?" James asked, looking around.

"We'll get to him momentarily," Sarah answered. "I see that dreadful French woman is in attendance, and since her charge is a ward of the Peerage, it would be good form for you to lead her on the floor. The young charge, that is. She's something of an enigma."

"Anyone else?"

"Emily Waggoner." James stiffened at the mention of that name. "James, I believe it's time for you and Emily to bury the proverbial hatchet. She is a very fine young lady, and my very good friend. As amusing as this feud between you two has been, I believe that, after the events of tonight, the time has come for it to cease. So you will have at least once dance with her. And I think a private chat as well."

"As you wish, Lady Brent," James said with an affected sigh of defeat. "Anyone else?"

"My mother, of course. She will wish to take the measure of the man who has been such a good friend to both of her children on this island. There she is now." Sarah turned and led James toward Lord William Brent, who was standing to the right of a woman who appeared to be an older, sterner version of Sarah. On the other side of the older woman was a tall, willowy blond young woman.

I wonder if it's too late to go back to fighting Indians, James asked himself as Sarah led him over to meet the two women standing next to his best friend.

"Mr. James Davidson, may I present to you my mother, Lady Devon," Sarah said with a nod of her head toward the older woman.

James took Lady Devon's proffered hand and bowed over it, as Sarah had instructed him was the present custom.

"Willie you know, of course," Sarah continued, gesturing toward her brother, "and I have the honor of introducing the poor girl who mother has convinced to marry my rascal of a brother, Miss Kathryn Rice."

James bowed over the slender hand of the young willowy woman who would one day be the wife of the tenth Earl of Devon. She was certainly different from his friend's younger sister. For one thing, she was almost as tall as Lord Brent, who at five foot nine inches was second only to James himself in stature among the ethernaut corps. There was an enigmatic air about Miss Rice, and James was not quite sure what to make of her.

"From the look of that stripe on your chest, Mr. Davidson," Lady Devon announced tersely, "I may have to separate you from my son. I have the firm belief that the two of you compete to determine who will be the worse influence on the other."

That observation from Lady Devon quickly brought James out of his musing. Sarah was usually quiet and reserved until one got to know her, though she did have a forceful side, as she had demonstrated tonight. James wondered if Lady Devon's forthrightness would be a trait taken up by Sarah in the years to come.

"Mother! James was being chivalrous tonight," Sarah replied.

"I'm having a bit of sport with Mr. Davidson, Sarah. No harm done." James wasn't sure how to interpret the emotions behind the gaze Lady Devon leveled on him. "From all reports, Mr. Davidson is an American Lancelot. Or perhaps Galahad would be more fitting. Whichever it is, would you be so good as to escort me to the side table, Mr. Davidson? Sarah, you may stay behind and provide a suitable chaperone for Miss Rice and your brother." Sarah's mouth had been opened to issue a protest, but immediately closed when her mother deftly outmaneuvered any objections she could raise.

"It would be my honor, your Ladyship," James replied, offering Sarah's mother his arm, and wondering what lion's den he was being led into.

"So, Mr. Davidson," Sarah's mother began, as her and James stepped away from brother, sister and fiancée, "what are your intentions toward my daughter?"

James managed not to trip over his own feet.

"Strictly honorable, your ladyship."

"Of that I have no doubt, Mr. Davidson," Lady Devon responded. "Willie speaks very favorably of you. As does Sarah. By the by, let's take the long way around to the sideboard, shall we? And try to keep that look of disconcertation off your face. I do wish to speak with you about my daughter, but there are a few other topics I wish to touch on as well."

James, confused at the turn of the conversation, nodded dumbly.

"And speaking of my daughter," Lady Devon continued, "Am I assuming correctly that if the possibility of matrimony were to present itself, you might look upon such an opportunity in a favorable light?"

"Your ladyship, I have not allowed myself to dwell upon such a possibility," James responded neutrally. "Your daughter is part of your peerage, while I am just one rocket explosion away from living hand to mouth."

"Nonsense, Mr. Davidson. My husband informs me that the Company has already made back its investment even before the first launch. And he assures me a number of young men of ideas and adventure are making their way to this corner of the Empire because of you."

"Excuse me, your ladyship?"

"You heard me quite correctly, Mr. Davidson. Steer us to the right, if you please. I don't care to give that French woman the chance to eavesdrop on us." James dutifully redirected the two of them.

"Now, as I was saying, you are a young man of standing," Lady Devon observed, "and the British have always been fond of our explorers. I dare say if you were to put a notice in a London newspaper advertising for young men to follow you to the Moon, with very little chance of success, you would still have more volunteers than you would know what to do with. I would not doubt that there is a bent knee in your future, if you wish it. So I would think it safe to say that both my husband and I would consider a dashing young man who holds a high position in Mr. Edison's ventures to be a good prospect for our daughter."

"I...I don't know what to say, your ladyship," James managed to reply.

"Let it rest for now, Mr. Davidson. There are other matters I wish to discuss with you at present."

"First," Lady Devon began enumerating, "I wish to congratulate you on your handling of the Prince. More than a few wiser and grayer heads thought you might have made a mistake."

"Your ladyship, every man I have in my ethernaut corps has earned his spot," James replied earnestly. "The prince understands that now. And I think he'll appreciate it more if he earns his."

"His Highness had not led a life where he's had to earn anything, Mr. Davidson. He is a brilliant young man, but mercurial and without discipline. You and my son have managed to instill those virtues into him. What that mean for the future, I do not know." Lady Devon paused for a moment before continuing. "His father and grandfather are both strong, thriving men, so we may see a new century before his Highness sits on the German throne. But I think these years on St. Lucia away from Bismarck and his army of Prussian tutors will serve his Highness and the world well."

Lady Devon and James walked silently for a half a minute before she continued their conversation. "Now, Mr. Davidson, I'm going to share with you a confidence, because tonight you will be in a unique position to aid me."

"Me, your ladyship?" James was fairly sure he kept his voice from squeaking.

"You, Mr. Davidson. Twenty years ago, the older brother of a dear friend of mine met a young woman who was the younger daughter of a French Marquis. As you can imagine, such chance meetings can sometimes lead to...well, my dear friend's brother was an honorable man, and deeply in love. He was a Company man, a commander of one of their companies, and had obligations. But he did plan to return to France, and then England with his newfound love."

"Unfortunately, Mr. Davidson, the Company was embroiled in a small war in the northwestern part of India. Or perhaps further east, in Burma. It's been many years since the incident. My dear friend's brother did not return. The young French noblewoman who waited for him died in childbirth. When my dear friend discovered that her brother had produced a natural child, she immediately began a search for it, but the child had seemingly been swallowed up by the earth, never to be seen again."

"My dear friend came to me, knowing my husband's position in the Company, as well as my own friendships established in the Court. So my husband and I searched in a discrete manner, and found this natural child. Unfortunately, the child had come into the care of a certain woman whose unscrupulous nature I don't care to discuss. Because of the nature of the child's birth, my friend was not able to act in a straightforward manner. I have been able to act as my friend's agent and, using several ruses, have been able to provide for the child, but unfortunately, I cannot separate the child from her guardian."

"What do you wish me to do, your Ladyship?" James asked, more than a little bewildered by the story he had just heard.

"Do you see the lovely young woman over there?" Lady Devon answered, gesturing with a nod. "Standing next to the very stern older woman? The young woman with the dark curls and wearing the dress that is too revealing to be stylish?"

"Yes. I know her name. It's something French. One of the Pinkerton men pointed her and her guardian out to me one time. Told me I needed to keep clear of them."

"The child's name is Marie Olivier and her guardian is Claudette Dubois. Marie has just recently reached her age of majority and something might be done. Mr. Davidson, I cannot stress to you enough the foulness that is within the soul of Madame Dubois. But I am restrained in the way that I might act."

"What do you wish me to do, your Ladyship?"

"Dance with her tonight. Talk to her. I'm not sure what you can discover, but perhaps you will discover something on which I can act."

"I will do what I can, your ladyship," James pledged in a solemn tone. James paused for a moment before asking, "Your ladyship, if the young lady is now an adult, and if you learn she doesn't want to be with this Madame Dubois, why not just walk her out from where she is and get her somewhere new to stay?"

Sarah's mother stared at James for a moment, then began chuckling. "I can see why Willie and Sarah are so fond of you. I must confess that there is a certain charm to your direct approach. Unfortunately, when dealing with the Peerage, one doesn't often get to act in such a direct a manner. Pride and honor can create quite a few unseen pitfalls." Seeing the confused look on his face, she added, "Just talk to the young lady, Mr. Davidson, and I will be satisfied. Anyway, I think I've changed my mind about the sideboard. Would you escort me back to my family, Mr. Davidson?"

Returning to her family, Lady Devon greeted them all with a cheery smile. "See, daughter, I have returned your ethernaut to you safe and sound." Sarah's mother disengaged herself from James, a charming smile on her face. "Now, why don't you dear children proceed to the station where the German Prince had made his residence? He seems beside himself that the four of you have not made an appearance. If you will excuse me, I believe I will have a word with the Governor-General."

As James escorted Sarah towards the German Prince, she leaned in and noted in a soft voice, "You and my mother had quite a long chat, Mr. Davidson."

"Yes we did, Lady Brent."

"And may I ask what you talked about?"

"She wanted me to dance at least once with the young Frenchwoman, Marie Olivier."

"And for what reason did she ask you to do this?"

"She didn't say," James replied.

"Mr. Davidson, you are a very poor liar."

"I shall have to practice at it more then, Lady Brent."

Sarah made a noncommittal noise as they made their way through the crowd to the front of the German Prince's station.

James had to give the young German prince credit. Although the Prince was very excited about the display in front of him, he was very polite when he was introduced to Lady Brent and Lord Brent's fiancée, Miss Rice.

Lady Brent broached the subject of the model, which was a scaled replica of the Prometheus and the rail that would launch it. Prompted by questions from Lady Brent, the Prince went into a detailed discussion of the various stages the Prometheus would progress before reaching the apogee of the rail, at which point it would be launched into the atmosphere and beyond.

James watched in wonder as Lady Brent drew out the information from the Prince, helping the Prince feel more comfortable in his knowledge. Since Sarah's mother had stated that she did not consider Lady Brent above his station, he was looking at Sarah in a new light. James noticed Miss Rice quietly observing everything, but with no discernible emotions on her face. Wonder what Lord Brent thinks of her, James wondered.

"So you completed this model today?" Lady Brent asked in conclusion.

Two years ago, the Prince would have taken complete credit for the model in front of him. Instead he answered, "We have some very expert modelers in the Consulate, though I was able to help in a great number of details."

"Well, I do see the odd detail you've missed," Lord Brent noted. When the Prince gave Lord Brent a questioning look, Lord Brent answered, "There's not a wayward German ornithopter flying over the rail."

As James and Lord Brent laughed good-naturedly at the blushing young Prince, Sarah swatted them both. "Forgive my brother and his ill-mannered friend, your Highness. They should know better."

"They're my friends, Lady Brent, so I don't mind, but thank you," the Prince said with a blush.

Sarah was about to say something else when the orchestra began playing a martial air. Turning, they saw the Governor-General approaching the German station.

As was customary at such events, there were a long list of speakers to address the assembled gala attenders, beginning with Governor-General Dallas. The Governor-General made the obligatory remarks on the benefits of the Edison Moon Project to the island, wishing success for tomorrow's launch and incidentally extending congratulations to the head of the ethernaut corps on his birthday tomorrow.

"He seems in a happy mood," James remarked to Sarah.

"He's going home to England in a few days. I believe he's hoping to make the visit permanent," Sarah replied.

The Governor-General then advised that he would be returning to England for a few weeks, for consultations with the Colonial Minister. In his absence, the newly appointed Deputy-Director, Sir Samuel White Baker, would be governing in his stead. A distinguished looking man in his late fifties with a very prominent beard approached the German station, escorted by a young, dark haired beauty with a dark-red hue to her skin.

"She's exotic," James said in an inquiring tone to Sarah.

"His grandniece, from the South Seas, though I've never heard the precise story of her relationship to Sir Baker," Sarah replied. "Sir Baker was governor-general of the Province of Equatoria, and I believe he was planning on returning to his roots of exploration. Sir Dallas convinced him to spend a couple of quiet years here, writing his memoirs, before he went abroad again. Which makes me believe Sir Dallas is hoping the Crown will see Sir Baker as a suitable replacement for Sir Dallas."

Sir Baker kept his remarks brief and to the point, much to the amusement and appreciation of the assembled crowd. The young German prince spoke next, and for a moment James was worried his young friend was going to launch into a schoolboy presentation on the physics of the launch itself, using the model as a reference. Instead, the beaming prince exclaimed his country's friendship with England and the United States, and gushed about James and Lord Brent, much to their disconcertment and the amusement of Lady Brent. The prince then had the German delegation bring out a large birthday cake, complete with sparklers and a copy of the Prometheus on top for James' birthday. The Prince then made a joke about James restricting himself to one piece if he still wanted to go to the Moon someday, which got a good chuckle from everyone in the room, especially James.

The Director came to the stage next, and introduced John Patterson as his replacement, noting that the new director had been specifically picked for this job for his long experience at handling the head of the ethernaut corps, which again got a general chuckle from the audience.

"When did you know him, James?" Sarah asked.

"He was my commanding officer when I was in the US Army, serving out in my country's western frontier. His daughter came along with him."

"Oh?"

"I've known her since she was just a little older than the Prince. Her father informs me she wants to become an ethernaut now."

Sarah laughed. "Why, James, you are becoming quite the progressive! I would not doubt if you were a secret socialist."

James grunted in reply.

Emily Waggoner's father gave the next speech, which garnered a light round of applause when he said, "In conclusion..."

Most of the speakers kept their remarks brief, and a goodly number of them had small tokens for James, including Sarah's mother, who presented a lapel pin as a gift from Queen Victoria, in honor of his many achievements.

The last speaker of the night, before James himself (who was expected to give a few words) was Ambassador Kido, who approached the German station bearing a box wrapped in bright, shiny foil.

"This should be interesting," James remarked to Sarah.

"It is with great honor that I address those assembled here tonight," Ambassador Kido began, as he set the large foil-wrapped box on a nearby table. "It is also with great honor that I extend the best wishes of my Emperor, as well as myself, for a successful launch of the rocket Prometheus tomorrow, as well as for the successful completion of its mission. I shall keep my remarks brief, though I do have a gift that I wish to present to the distinguished leader of the valiant ethernaut corps, who celebrates his birthday tomorrow. This gift, though, is not merely given as a sign of respect from one man to another. It also represents the wishes of my Emperor, who desires peace, cooperation and a fast friendship with the nations that have bonded together to make the dream of reaching the Moon an achievable reality. Mr. Davidson, you might find this a gift that you will need some assistance in opening. Perhaps your esteemed mathematician, Sonya Kowalevski, would assist you in this endeavor?"
