 "Angjon if you love me then come home to Earth with me."

"Richard you know I love but your planet scares me. Why can't we live here on Akton, its beautiful here with carbon free air and blue water? As my husband, my people would accept you; can you say the same about your humans back on Earth? What would your family say to you bringing home a blue wife?"

"You're right they wouldn't be happy with me bringing home a wife of a different species but I'm sure once they saw how much love and happiness you bring me they'd understand."

Angjon wondered if he thought she didn't realize that her husband never said the word accept as if understand was enough for her to be happy in his hostile world. Although she never mentioned it to Richard, her family was not so thrilled with her choice of life mates either. What had her father said, oh yeah, 'Pasty faced white boy,' that was a shocker but then her mother topped it by asking why she'd accept a 'Pencil dick' for a sex mate. That was enough to send her running to her room in tears. It was always about sex with her mother as it was with most of the females of her species but not her. She let her mother talk her into losing her hymen to that brute Lezoy because he was known to have the largest cock in the colony. Her mother's thinking was if she started with the biggest she wouldn't need to work up to it and as she always says, 'It's not the male but the size that matters.' She neglected to mention to Angjon about the pain and the blood. All that blood, she didn't think she'd ever get all those green stains out of her sheets and no matter what her mother said, she would not allow her to hang them on the railing to brag to the whole planet that her daughter was no longer a little girl but now a full woman.

Angjon never understood what was so important about losing your hymen. She remembered her and her sisters sitting around the locnar wondering when mother would allow them their first time. Not Angjon, she didn't care if she ever had a first time and besides she knew mother would make them wait until their eighteenth moon before allowing them to become women, it was the law and her mother always followed the law. So in the end she bedded Lezoy just to make her mother happy but she never liked it with him and his size was just too much too ever even think of climaxing. 

After Lezoy she bedded Tyreig at least he was smaller and fit her cunt a little better. The problem with Tyreig was he was so insecure and then there was that thing about premature ejaculation but at least it was over fast and to her that was more important than her orgasm. However, it was not until she met Richard and got him in bed that she found pure sexual pleasure.

The first time she saw Richard he was in the dance club and he was trying to dance Akton style. Everyone was laughing at him but she thought it was cute the way he kept trying no matter how foolish he looked. She went to him and invited him to dance Earth style, although she had never tried it she had seen it on the vid screen and besides if a human could do it how hard could it be. They danced slow and she could feel the heat from his body as he held her close. He told her his name and she had trouble pronouncing it just as he with her name. On a whim, she invited him to go have a tiggy at the Tig shop and the poor boy didn't even know what a tiggy was. 

They got their tiggys and then sat under a binlyn tree with it big orange leaves shading them from the heat. He told her they had a similar drink back on Earth called coffee although it was black not blue as a tig and some people put the milk from a mammal in it. She though it weird that you would use something to feed infants as an additive to an adult drink but she said nothing. They had a delightful afternoon and although she though him rather forward for a male she did enjoy his company. He certainly was easy to get into bed unlike most Akton males he acted as if he wanted to have sex. Instead of taking him home where she would have to listen to her mother spout insults about inter-species mating, she took him to the local sextel.

She only paid for an hour as she told the clerk she was there for a quickie, but after the hour was up, she called down to pay for the evening. This human performed sex, as she had never heard of before and he seemed unconcerned for his own orgasm wanting nothing more that to please Angjon. Of course, he put his face in her sex; she guessed that must be a universal law instead of just the law in Akton. The surprise was this human expected her to put him in her mouth. At first, she was shocked but he had a way of stimulating her nub with a little buzzing toy he carried with him. This toy warmed her insides and excited her at the same time so she decided to try it as long as he kept buzzing her nub. She found it was exciting putting him in her mouth and she could tell by his moans that he too enjoyed it. By the time he told her he was ready to cum she had already decided she wanted to taste his issue. His cum was warm and white and bland tasting instead of the spicy hot red of an Akton male. Later after he had reenergized they made love and yes his dick was small but it fit inside her nicely and as she rode him, she found if she bent just the right way he rubbed against her nub which gave her the first male caused orgasm she ever had. 

"Angjon, Angjon, are you even listening to me?"

"Huh, oh, sorry Richard I was daydreaming about our first time in that sleazy sextel and the first time I tasted you creamy semen. Go on, what were you saying?"

"Oh god Angj, now I can't remember, honey that was the best. You know you were my first and even if you're my last I know, I could never find someone as sexy as you are."

"You know Richard, why can't we split our time between Akton and Earth; if we summered on Earth and wintered on Akton we would be warm all year long. Let's do it, I know I can put up with your family for six months if you can do the same with mine."

Ah, but what Angjon was really thinking was if she spent some time on Earth it would give her a chance to try out some other humans. She wondered if all their sperm was as creamy as Richards. Maybe it was the milk from the mammal that they used in their tiggys that did it.