 Out on the street she blended right in with the rest of the earth folks, in a crowd you could never pick us out.

We walked down the sidewalk holding hands and it struck me how normal everything felt, like we were just running out to do a little shopping.

"So what's first on the list?" I asked as I leaned over to try to see the spaces between the lines on the scanner screen. 

"Let's go in here." She pointed at a general merchandise type store. 

They had a little bit of everything but nothing really useful, "I have never been in here," I told her as we walked through the old wooden door.

We wandered around for a little while and Mary stopped at the candy aisle, she took a long look and said "Oooo ... it's so colorful." 

We stopped to look at a little stuffed bear on the bottom shelf and when she bent over her short sundress lifted and she was fully exposed from the back.

Sunlight poured through the beautiful little triangle space between her thighs and I couldn't help myself, I looked up and down the aisle and I saw nobody was around so I came up behind her and slid my hand up her thigh, she was a little wetter than usual. 

"Ah thank you," she said with great relief, "It's been ages since I had anything in me, you should use your thumb," she instructed, I slid my thumb inside her and used two fingers to gently circle her clit, she dripped a little on the floor as she arched her back and leaned into my hand. 

"We should be careful here there are people everywhere," just as I said it a man came around the corner so I slipped my hand out and tried to look nonchalant. His shoe slid a little bit on the drips Mary left behind and we both just started laughing as we went to the next aisle over... "OK he's gone... put it back in," Mary demanded. 

"Don't you think it's a little risky?" 

"Not really, humans don't typically pay too much attention; just keep your hand there and when someone comes take it out, nobody will know what we are doing, and it will make me feel a lot better... please? I really need something inside me most of the time. Besides, what if they do see, what are they going to call the police? We live in a small inter-dimensional box in a closet." 

"Well... all of those points are valid." I said while I slid my thumb back in and returned to circling her clit. You just can't say no to these ladies.

She smiled and stood on her toes to reach my lips, we kissed more passionately than anybody probably ever has in that particular store. "See isn't that a lot nicer?" Mary smiled as we were connected once again.

We left the store and while we walked I continued to pleasure her in any manner she asked.

"Slide your fingers out slowly, then put them back in quick, and try to do it out of rhythm from my walking while still rubbing my clit," she said in a bubbly but instructional way.

After walking a few blocks I noticed a clock on the side of a bank said seven thirty A.M Thursday. 

"Mary? Is it seven thirty in the morning on Thursday?" 

She looked up at the clock, "Yes, apparently." 

"But I met you at the bar Wednesday afternoon, did all of this happen in a matter of just nineteen hours?" 

"Yes nineteen hours your time, I told you to be prepared for some time dilation's." 

"Oh." 

I didn't feel it was necessary to explain I didn't know what the word dilation meant. "So time moves slower in the box? That's weird." 

"Really? ... That's what you find weird about this situation?" she chuckled and put her arm around me. 

"So where are we going first?" I asked while sliding my thumb out of her pussy to reach a little higher on her clit. 

She happily shuddered a little and said, "Well first let's go get the sky for the forest room, and then we need to get something soft for the girls to sleep on." 

"Like a mattress store?" 

"Not really, that little-stuffed bear in that store? ...Do they make those bigger? We could get a big pile of those, that seems more our style than just a big mattress." 

"Yes! That's perfect, I know just the place, there's a toy store near the forest with stuff like that." 

"Mary... I'm really having a great time with you," the palm of my hand was starting to overflow with her sweet alien girl juices and was dripping on the sidewalk. 

She smiled, hugged me tight and said, "Me too." 

We came up to the forest and it looked dingy, somehow the replica in the box was greener and more vibrant.

She stood in the middle of the clearing, hit the scanner button and spun in a circle as she scanned the sky. 

"So where to now?" I asked. 

She slid her hand down my pants, gave my cock a few squeezes and said, "Let's go get the get the soft bears to sleep on." 

"OK... the store is right down the block this way." 

She unzipped my pants, pulled my cock out and said "Alright... but first could we do it right here in the woods? I want to feel you're cum dripping down my legs while we shop." 

"Sure, anything you want." I sat down on a big stone and Mary climbed in my lap.

She sunk my cock deep inside and she wrapped her arms around me while we kissed.

The warm breeze was rustling the canopy of dark green leaves above our heads and there were a couple of cute little squirrel's wrestling around on the mossy forest floor near our stone.

Mary was gently panting into my mouth and I slowly slid in and out of her tight little body while we gently rocked back and forth.

My shoes were caked with mud from the forest path and I was trying not to get it all over her soft bare legs as she rode me but she didn't seem to care about such things.

After quite a while of secret pleasure we heard a rustling in a bush and a little dog popped out, so I tugged the back of Mary's sun dress down to make sure it was covering us, I was sure the dog's owner wasn't too far away.

After just a few moments, just as predicted a beautiful lady rounded the corner up the path. 

"Good morning." She said while she clipped the dogs leash back onto her belt loop. 

Mary smiled at her and said "Good morning, your dog is so cute what's his name?" My cock secretly slid half way out as Mary turned around to see the dog. 

"This is William, and my name is Stephanie," she reached out her arm and my cock sunk in deep as Mary shook her hand, "my name is Mary and this is my husband."

She was lying about being her husband, but it still filled me with a warm fuzzy feeling.

"Well it's good to meet you, are you in town for the big fashion show?" 

"No, we live down the block and were just hanging out in the woods for a little while before we go shopping, what's a fashion show?" 

"Oh, you haven't heard? There is a giant fashion show at the convention center, it's kind of a big deal; thousands of people are here to see It." 

"Oh, can we go" Mary bounced up and down on my cock clapping her hands. 

"Sure if you really want to," I replied. 

I was fighting off an orgasm while the girls were chatting and at one point Mary reached down to pet the little dog and the way she twisted was just too much for me. I felt the familiar warm wave and I started secretly pumping her full of warm cum. 

"Well I have to get going, it was nice to meet you guys." Stephanie reached her arm out and shook my hand while I was right in the middle of an orgasm. 

"It was lovely to meet you too." I calmly said as I spurted the last little bit deep inside Mary. 

Stephanie rounded the corner and when she was out of sight Mary bounced up and down a few times and asked, "Did you do it, did you fill me with cum?" 

"Yup... you're all filled up, do you want to orgasm before we go?" 

"No, I can wait a little while, I just want to feel you leaking out of me and running down my legs while we shop." 

She climbed off of me and gave me her hand to help me off of the rock "Alright, whenever you feel like you want to finish just let me know," I pulled her close and gave her butt cheek a little squeeze while we kissed. 

"Ok I will, let's go scan those bears." We held hands and snuggled as we walked.

When we entered the store Mary got excited and said, "Oh yeah this is perfect, I'm going to bring this whole place with us." It was a whole shop devoted to nothing but stuffed animals, some were huge, like five times bigger than me.

She stood in the middle of the store, hit the scanner button and spun in a circle to copy the whole thing. 

"Ok let's go, we should hurry, time is moving quickly in the box and I'm sure the girls will start to miss us." 

We started quickly ticking things off the list.

We got a whole music store; we got a small remote control boat, a little rowboat, and a small pond for Boat girl.

Mary started scanning whole blocks she found interesting, we got a bike shop, a small theater, a little corner store, a hardware store, an arcade, a small pine forest, a furniture shop and a few more random little parks. 

"Alright, this should be enough for now," Mary was flipping through the different screens on the scanner. 

"Is this all this going to fit in the box? It seems like a lot," I asked while I secretly slid my hand up the inside of her thigh. 

"Yeah, the box is in its own dimension where your rules and confines of physical space don't apply, we could put the whole planet in there if we scanned the entire thing." 

"Wow, there sure is a lot I don't know about multi-dimensional space-time," She arched her back and stuck her butt out to accept the two fingers I was secretly sinking into her dripping pussy under the thin vial of her light sun dress.

"It's ok, the scope of how the universe functions is far too large and complex for you to grasp, I'll explain it if you really want to know but you're not expected to understand... your mission is only to seed." 

"Yeah?" ...I didn't know what else to say. 

She hugged me with one arm and said, "Please just trust me and don't worry about it," Mary slid her thighs together and asked, "could you put your thumb in my butt too?" she shifted her weight and danced a horny little dance.

I slid my thumb in, accompanying the two fingers that were already wriggling around deep inside her while I slowly circle her clit. 

"Oh yeah... that's nice," she said with approval.

The warm summer sun was casting long shadows on the busy city street and we walked more than a few blocks while I lovingly fingered both of her holes.

Mary would occasionally let out little squeaks and gasps, but nobody really seemed to notice, they were all preoccupied with their own lives.

We stopped for just a moment so she could lean on a tree to regain her composure and somebody handed her a flier for a book sale up the block, she took it and we continued down the busy sidewalk.

I could tell she was slowly building up to an orgasm so I slowly and sensually rubbed her clit with the two fingers that were not lodged deep inside her body.

The smell of melting blacktop and city grime battled the fragrance of the potted lilac bushes that hung from the lamp posts overhead.

We were standing on a corner waiting for the light to change at a crosswalk when a tour bus pulled up and dropped off close to fifty people.

They were coming straight towards us so I started to pull my hand away, Mary clenched her butt cheeks so I couldn't get out and said, "Don't you dare... I'm about to cum,"

As we waded through the crowd she was letting out little rhythmic pants with every circle I made around her clit. 

I slid my fingers in and out with every step and she started to walk faster, so I took that as a quiet signal to speed up my hand.

We were pushing through the crowd and I could feel her shaking as she was about to climax. 

Mary was really ramping up for a spectacular moment, when a tourist stopped her and said, "Ma'am? Excuse me I'm not from around here, could you direct me to that big stuffed animal store?"

Her eyes got really big and she was clearly in the middle of an intense orgasm, "Ummm it's ahh," she was trying to hold it all together, so I slipped another finger in and I started really pounding away at both of her favorite body parts.

I should have stopped, but I couldn't help myself; it was just so hot to see her try to fight through such a strong orgasm, and after all she did the same thing to me back there with Stephanie. 

I could feel our slippery juices escaping her body and running down her leg,

"Are you ok?" the tourist asked as I really ramped up the speed,

"OH GOD," she yelled as her knees buckled and she held my arm for support; the man repeated himself, "Ma'am are you alright?" 

By then a small crowd was gathering around us but I didn't stop, I slid one more finger in out and started doing the little circles around her clit she loved so much, I was wildly flailing my fingers deep inside her while the shook and sputtered.

In quivering voice she said, "It's... it's... the stuffed animal store...is... is," her eyes rolled back into her head and she was making a series of short-breathed squeaky sounds..."It's... it's... back that way a few blocks!"

She pointed behind her and as she pointed, I slid my fingers out, and she went limp in my arms. 

The people crowding around us were speechless, I grabbed Mary by the waist dipped her back like a ballroom dancer and kissed her long and hard, she was still shaking and letting out little whimpers as we kissed and waves of orgasms passed through her.

When she regained use of her knees I took her hand and we just walked away. 

"Wow! That was amazing!" she said as we rounded the corner, "do you think they noticed I was having an orgasm?" 

"Um... yeah... I'm sure they noticed... we should probably be more careful around here." 

"WHAT? That was all you!" She said loudly while smiling, "your fingers were going nuts inside me." 

"Yeah but you were the one clenching your butt so I couldn't slide out when the crowd came by," I cheerfully protested. 

"Well yeah... but you could have just tickled me until I had a regular orgasm, I could have played that off."

"Not that I'm complaining or anything, I mean if you ever feel like you want to see me have a crazy strong shaking orgasm by all means go ahead, I love it, but you were the one being all bashful about just putting your fingers in me with people around." 

"Ha... yeah, you're right." I agreed... how I could not agree. 

I took her hand, pulled her close and said, "Mary, you and this mission are the best things that ever happened to me." 

She smiled, kissed me on the nose and said, "Yeah, me too." 

"Let's go home," I held her close the whole way. 

"Oh wait! I have an idea!" I said, "I know what we need to bring back more than anything else!" 

"Aww but we have enough stuff... and I'm so tired... let's just go home." 

"We should stop by the toy store and get some vibrators for the girls... I know I'm here to service them but I am only one man." 

"What's a vibrator?" she asked. 

"Oh my god, come with me." I took her hand and we went one block out of our way to stop at the toy store.

The sign said (The toy shop! The largest adult novelty store on the continent) 

"What is it?" she asked. 

"It's the most important thing we can get on this trip I assured you, just scan the whole store and let's go home." 

As soon as we stepped foot in the shop its usefulness was instantly apparent to her. 

"Oh, this IS just what we need," she said excitedly as she fumbled in her bag for the scanner, the clerk behind the counter seemed confused as she spun around and scanned the whole thing. 

"Alright, let's get back," She said while holding a comically large and floppy rubber phallus, "a lot of time has probably passed in the box." 

Back at the house we stripped naked and threw our clothes everywhere, Mary opened the closet and grabbed the inter-dimensional cube that temporarily housed the galaxy we were building.

We got in the closet sat Indian style with our knees touching and the silver box between us, she leaned over to kiss me and as soon as our lips touched she hit the buttons on our bracelets, and we were back... but frozen in a kiss for the moments it took for time to catch up.

Happy to be back in the cube I stood up and had a nice long naked stretch, Mary smiled and kissed my belly while I helped her up.

We were finally back in our beautiful little replica forest and the girls were really excited to see us,

Mary handed the scanner off to Boat girl, and said "We got a lot of great things, but you ladies will have to set everything up, we are just too exhausted to start building until in the morning."

The girls excitedly took the scanner and ran out of the forest room to the construction site.

"Come on," Mary took my hand. "Let's go get some sleep." We found the nearest pile of sleepy ladies and snuggled in and I held her tightly in my arms all night long.

I awoke some time later on the soft mossy forest floor to another orgasm, and I have a vague recollection of a few more in the night.

The girls have taken to harvesting while I am asleep, but I am starting to be able to sleep through it so it seems to work out ok. 

The lady I was connected to this morning was a thin cute girl with long dark braids in her hair.

She was riding me backward and I couldn't see her face so I sat up Indian style as not to disconnect us.

"Good morning," I said while I kissed her neck,

"Good morning," She leaned back into me and kissed my nose, I gave her breasts a gentle massage and she let out a little sound of approval while lightly bouncing up and down. 

"Did they set up any of the stuff from the scanner yet?" 

Through an orgasm, she said, "Ahhh... yeah... they have ... they are... they are doing it right now... do you want... to... want to go see it?" 

"Yeah, I would love to," I was gently rubbing her nipples as she came. 

"Ok give me just a minute, I'm almost done," Her light bouncing started to slow down. 

"I'm in no rush," With my hands on her breasts I hugged her tightly. 

She leaned her head back on my shoulder smiled and said "Ahhhhhh ... alright, let's go see,"

She quickly jumped up and we made a little pop sound as we disconnected, it made her giggle and she gave me her hand to help me up. 

When I stood I pulled her close and we kissed as my cock just naturally slid between her legs.

We were both very slippery and she let out a little squeak in my mouth as she started to slowly shift back and forth, when she found that perfect spot on her clit we slowly danced until she started to shake with another orgasm.

Our mouths were sealed together tight as our tongues explored, the mystery girl shook and whimpered into my mouth and in mid orgasm she gasped, which took all of the air out of my lungs.

I must have looked surprised because without breaking our seal she gently blew some air back into me.

We stayed like that, kissing and sharing the same breath back and forth until we got lightheaded and we both started laughing. 

"Come on; let's go see all the stuff," she took my hand and cheerfully led me through the forest room. 

"So what's your name?" I asked her, I realized nobody except for Mary has told me their name yet. 

"We haven't yet named ourselves with a sound you can hear," she said in a happy bubbly way; I wondered if she was always so upbeat or was it the dual orgasms that put such a spring in her step. 

"So... you all have names but they are words I can't hear?" 

"No, it's not the words you can't hear it's the sounds you can't hear." 

"Wow... would you make the sound, the sound of your name? I just want to see if I can hear it." 

She opened her mouth and sure enough, I couldn't hear anything. 

"Is that true or are you just joking? ...You're just messing with me aren't you?" 

She laughed, "No it's for real I'm not joking when I am joking it's a lot funnier than that," She smiled as she led me over a fallen tree blocking the path, without letting go of my hand. 
