 Ten Thirty A.M Monday Morning Universe 3 Dimension 2262

Boots, Mary, Boat girl and I were careening down the freeway in a stolen car. I'm still not really clear on why we stole it, she said it was for fun but we could have just as easily copied it with the scanner, but when Mary gets an idea in her head there is really no stopping her.

In the rearview mirror, I saw Boots and Boat girl snuggled up together sleeping in the back seat.

"How much longer until the next big town?" Mary asked.

I took one hand off of the wheel and leaned over for a kiss while I slowly but ever so gently ran two fingers up the inside of her thigh. "Probably about an hour or so depending on traffic." I slid my fingers up to the bottom of her short cotton skirt then ran them back down deliberately teasing her.

We drove in cozy content silence for quite a while as we watched the countryside pass by.

After quite a while I heard a series of small squeaks coming from the back seat, but a look in the rearview mirror only revealed Boots and Boat girl sleeping motionless in the same position I saw them last. "Mary? ... What's that noise? ... Is that Boat Girl?"

Mary spun around and said "Aww... Its Boots, she's so cute, she fell asleep with a vibrator wriggling around inside her again and now she's having an orgasm in her sleep."

I took a closer look in the mirror and noticed the front of Boots skirt lifting and falling with every slow rotation of the friendly toy she was unconsciously loving. Her squeaks and light panting were getting shorter and heavier as she inevitably came closer to climax.

Mary climbed up in-between the front seats and gently kissed boots as she came. Her light skirt lifted and I gave her cute pantyless butt a loving kiss as I drove. "Mary, don't wake her, just let her cum in peace."

"Aww but she's so cute, I just can't help myself her lips taste different when she is in the middle of an orgasm." She sat back down in the passenger's seat and we rode in silence, Mary contently stared out the window listening to the sweet sounds of Boots orgasmic whimpers.

"So Mary... When can we start moving around in time and jumping dimensions and fun stuff like that?"

"We're doing it right now silly." She spun between the seats again and was quietly rummaging around in the back seat, she returned with the box of magazine clippings and the scanner. "You come from universe 3 in dimension 2274 and we are in..." She turned on the scanner screen and hit a few buttons. "We are... Obviously still in universe 3 but now we are in dimension 2262 and we are 5 days in the future."

"Wow, but nothing looks different, do all dimensions look the same?"

"No they are all slightly different and the differences increase the farther away we get from the one you're from. The scanner can tell us the differences but it takes quite a while for it to process the information, it's only ten percent done but here's what we have so far. The color orange is green, the letter V is replaced with the letter R, the television show Golden girls doesn't exist, all clothing is made from cotton and the freezing of water through mechanical means is against the law."

"No ice? That is so weird."

"In the grand scheme of things it's not that weird, the farther away we get from your dimension the more stuff you will notice out of place."

"Why does it take the scanner so long to process the changes?"

"HA! Your species is silly" She kissed my cheek as she reached to the back seat and gingerly slid the vibrator out of Boots without waking her.

"This scanner can copy and replicate any item, it can communicate with any timeline in any dimension, it holds all the combined knowledge of all existence, it can heal any wound and allow genetic enhancements, it can bend the fabric of space and time to safely let us pass through without a second thought, and you want to know why it can't go just a little faster?"

"Yeah, I guess your right when presented with the fantastic I probably shouldn't focus on the small imperfections huh?"

"No... No, you shouldn't, everything is very random here so appreciate it all for what it is and not what it could be, I have been to some of the more idealistic dimensions and they are the most boring places you could ever imagine." She smiled, kissed me on the nose and slid Boots wet slippery toy across my cheek. "Do you want this in your butt while you drive?"

"What? ...No! Mary, how many times do I have to tell you girls I don't like when you put things in my ass."

She giggled, leaned over and whispered, "Well you didn't seem to mind the other day at the toy shop?"

"What? I did mind! ...I was just stuck underneath like twenty ladies and couldn't even move; the last half hour all I could think about was how I could get my cock out of your mouth, and that thing out of my ass... Mary, I thought I was going to pass out."

"Ha! Yeah, that was really intense; they filled every hole in my body except my ears. Sometimes the girls get out of control but you know they love you."

"Yeah... I know, I love them too but that was a bit much."

"I know... I only asked because Boots left it so nice and slippery and if I were driving I would love to have this little guy wriggling around inside me, but if you don't want it I can find a use for him."

She pulled up the front of her skirt and slid just the very tip of the toy past her smooth wet lips; she turned it on, squeezed her legs together and left it to slowly wriggle its way inside her.

"Ok so let's sort these magazine clippings in order of things we need to get in this timeline and things we can get in the future or past." She pushed the dildo in a tiny little bit and put the box on top in her lap. "Is there like a big store that might have a wide variety of things so we don't need to make so many stops?"

"Yeah, I know of a place, it's not too far from here."

"Great!" She took my hand, gave it a little kiss and went back to sorting the pictures of things the girls at home want us to get. "What is this for?" She held up a magazine clipping with a picture of a pair of women's panties.

"It's ladies underwear; you wear them under your clothes."

"Under My clothes? But they would get so wet, would I take them off every time I wanted to orgasm?"

"Well human ladies aren't typically dripping wet all the time, and they certainly don't need to orgasm twenty times a day."

"Oh... well, how many times do they typically?"

"Maybe a few times a week ...if that."

"WHAT? That's horrible! I would explode if it was only a few times a week!"

"Yeah, that's why I needed the genetic enhancements to keep up with you girls, the first few days were really rough." I smiled.

Mary smiled back and lovingly kissed my hand again. "Well I like you better with the enhancements, you stay hard so long now and you cum so much, I don't think I could ever go back."

"Yeah me too... but seriously, I know it's helpful for the mission but don't you think the output is a bit High? I really feel we should bring it down to by half or something reasonable."

"Noooo... I love being completely filled with your juices. Why are you so worried about that? You keep bringing it up; it's my favorite when you're cum drips down my legs all day long. Sometimes it collects in my shoes and makes my socks all warm and slippery, Mmm, just thinking about it."

She closed her eyes and slid the vibrator in a little more, "Besides, high seamen output its necessary for the mission, seed as many specimens as possible as many times as possible." She looked at me with sad puppy dog eyes and said, "You do want to help build the new galaxy... Don't you?"

"Mary! Would you please stop calling us specimen... we are people, I understand my place here but it just feels bad to hear it and of course I want to help you, you're my most favorite PERSON ever" I smiled at her.

"I know, I'm sorry." She tenderly kissed my hand and said "If it makes you feel better I'll call all of us people, but always remember, YOU are people, WE are not. You could get us in real trouble if you forget that."

"I know I won't forget, and we can leave the cum output to eight ounces if you want, I do really enjoy the extra-long orgasms but it just seems so... Oh, hey look there's the off-ramp for the store, do you have the pictures all sorted?"

"Yes, I have them sorted by timeline; this stack is for here and these other two stacks are for future and past timelines." She put the two stacks of magazine clippings in the corners of the box. "You know I almost don't want to get the underwear, I really hate the idea of not being able to have sneaky orgasms; I mean why would we even wear short skirts if we can't have free access to each other."

"We should get them, we don't know the application they were requested for, maybe the builder girls need them for a project, whatever it is I'm sure they weren't requested to keep other girls slippery fingers out of your bajingo." I laughed.

"Ha! Well, you're not going to catch me wearing them that's for sure... Oh, Ralue Rillage! Is that the store? Here's our exit! Pull off here."

"Ralue Rillage? V's replaced with R's is the dumbest thing ever."

"Oh, you think that's stupid? The randomness of inter-dimensional travel is fantastically nonsensical. I know you are obsessed with traveling through time but skipping dimensions is way funnier."

"I think I like them both" I smiled.

We snaked down the ramp and pulled into the parking lot. Mary climbed between the front seats to wake up Boots and Boat girl with some gentle kisses.

Her cute little bare butt was in the air as she leaned over, the vibrator was sliding out of her a little more with every rotation so I kissed her cheek, pulled it out, tossed it on the passenger seat and got out to stretch my legs.

"Good morning," I said to Boat girl as she got out and gave a little sleepy stretch.

She stood on her toes to meet my lips and gave me a kiss. "What are we doing here?"

"We are going to get some of the stuff the girls at home cut out of the magazines; this store has a bunch of different things so we should be able to get most of it here."

"That sounds great!" She slid down my arm, took my hand and we all went inside.

Mary split up the stack of clippings and said, "Ok we should get a cart, get all the stuff and scan the cart instead of copying the whole store, this place is way too big and ugly, I don't even want it in our dimensional cube."

"Yeah me either, this place is terrible." Boots agreed, she took some clippings and pranced off hand in hand with Boat girl.

Mary and I quickly started ticking things off the list and as we did we dropped the clippings on the floor to not get them mixed up later.

"Hey come here." She motioned for me to come to the school supply section. She reached into my pockets, turned them inside out, grabbed a pair of scissors and cut big holes in both.

"Here, now we can do this." She slid her hand in and secretly held my cock as we shopped.

"Why didn't we do this sooner?" I asked while I kissed her nose. She giggled, gave me a little squeeze and threw a pair of rollerblades in the cart.

When we got to the tool section Mary took the scanner and stood in the middle of the aisle, she hit the copy button, spun in a little circle and scanned the whole isle for the builder girls.

"There, that takes care of about half of the list." She flipped through the clippings and left a pile scattered around the floor.

After quite a while of shopping, we filled the cart and had to get another.

Mary was holding my cock in the same way a couple of young lovers would hold hands and eventually I started to feel t warm orgasmic waves washing over me. "Mary? Could you let go? I'm about to have an orgasm and I don't want to ruin these pants."

"No way buddy, were in a store, you can get new pants right over there." She pointed to a rack of ugly swim trunks.

As we rounded the corner into the camping supply aisle we saw Boots and Boat Girl. "Hey Boots, Look what I did to these pants! Now we can get our hands in there."

Boots came over and said, "Oh Wow!" She slipped her hand into my other pocket and joined Mary sliding up and down my cock. Boat girl was on her tiptoes reaching for a tent on the top shelf; her cute little bare butt was peeking out from underneath her short skirt as she stretched.

"Come on guys, I'm about to cum in my pants, could we just wait until we get to the car? There are so many people around here." I protested.

"Nope, your purpose in this mission is to seed as many ladies as many times as possible," Mary said matter of factly. She unzipped my pants, slipped me out and unceremoniously shoved my cock into boat girl's wet pussy while she stretched to reach the tent.

"OH!" She said as she slowly sunk down to accept the surprise intrusion inside her tiny body, she stuck out her butt and her feet went pidgin toed.

We stayed motionless for a moment while our minds caught up to what our bodies were doing... without a sound from either of us, I started to orgasm deep within her and I could feel her insides expanding while I pumped her full of an inhuman amount of cum.

She quietly whispered, "Boots? ... Would you go down on me for just a minute?"

Boots quickly got on her knees and deftly licked her to orgasm while Mary took turns gently kissing us both. Boat girl still holding the tent above her head was trying to be quiet but still let out some little squeaks of joy; she stood on her toes shaking with orgasm while hanging from my cock.

Boots got up to keep an eye out for people while Mary and Boat girl kissed; I just wrapped my arms around both of them and hugged them from the inside out.

Eventually, I slid out of her slowly to not let too much love drip on the floor. "Can you keep most of it in until we get outside?" I whispered in her ear.

"I think so," she whispered back. "It will probably just run down my legs into my shoes, we should get more socks."

Boat girl ran her hand up the inside of her leg to dry off as much as possible and just as I zipped up my pants Boots made a little bird noise and an old man rounded the corner into the camping aisle.

Boat girl tossed the tent into the cart and whispered in my ear "Thank you," and she rode on the front of the cart out into the main aisle.

"Anytime, but that was all Mary, she just shoved my cock in you... I wanted to wait until we got to the car."

"THANK YOU, MARY!" Boat girl yelled down the aisle as Mary walked away, Mary turned, smiled and blew her a kiss, Boat girl caught the kiss, smiled and held it close to her heart.

"You girls are just adorable, come on let's go back to the car to figure out where to go next, Boots and Mary can finish this up."

"Ok," Boat girl smiled, she kissed me and slithered down my body in a post-orgasmic swoon, I took her hand to help her up and dipped her back like a ballroom dancer then I kissed her deeply and we held hands as we skipped out the door.

Upon exiting the big box store I was met with a familiar face, it was Stephanie The girl Mary and I met in the forest back home, she instantly recognized me so there was no escape.

"Stephanie?" I exclaimed. "What are you doing way out here?"

"Oh wow! It's good to see you, I'm coming back from a camping trip up north, what are you doing here."

"I'm just doing a little shopping with my friend Boat girl, Boat girl, this is Stephanie, I met her with Mary in the small park in my dimension."

"Boat girl?" Stephanie repeated puzzled.

"It's a nickname." Boat girl smiled and extended her freshly cum soaked hand. "It's nice to meet you Stephanie; I'm a friend of Mary's."

Stephanie shook her hand and made a silent facial comment about its wetness. "Oh, I'm sorry I ahh... I just washed my hands and the dryer is out of service."

"Oh... its ok" Stephanie said as she wiped her hands on her jeans. "Where are you two going?"

"We're going to wait in the car for Mary and our friend Boots." I pointed to an empty parking spot where our car used to be.

"Where is the car? ... Did Mary take it?"

"No!" Boat girl answered. "Mary is still inside, where did it go?"

"I don't know... it was right here... Right?"

"Yes... this is defiantly where you left it"

"Did somebody just steal your car?" Stephanie asked.

"No... Maybe?... But ... I think somebody might have just stolen our car!" I yelled panicking.

"NOOOOO!" Boat girl yelled, "BUT MY FAVORITE DILDO WAS IN THERE!"

Stephanie burst out laughing. "You guys are hilarious! Come on let's go call the police."

Just as we entered the store we were met with Mary and Boots running out, being chased by two security guards. "Get in the car," Mary said calmly as she ran past.

"THE CAR WAS STOLEN! ...WHY ARE THESE GUYS CHASING YOU?"

Mary stopped in her tracks, "SOMEBODY STOLE THE CAR? ...BUT THE BEST DILDO WAS IN THERE!"

Again Stephanie burst out laughing.

The security guard was quickly walking towards her talking into his radio requesting backup. "maam? Come with me, we need to talk for a moment."

Mary's eyes darted around while she quickly formed a plan, she looked at the scanner in her hand, then she looked at me, then at Boots, then she yelled "HERE!" she ran over to a running four door jeep with its flashers on in the tow zone.

"GET IN!" She yelled as she jumped into the driver's seat.

I pushed the guard to the ground and jumped in the passenger seat, Boots and Boat girl slammed the back doors and they both yelled: "GO GO GO!" Mary pounded the gas and we hit the freeway on ramp as fast as that car would go.

We drove in silence for a moment as we all processed what just happened... "MARY! ... DID YOU JUST STEAL A CAR?" Stephanie yelled.

I turned back shocked to hear a fifth voice in the car. "Oh no... Stephanie? What are you doing in here?"

"Oh... Hi, Stephanie... it's good to see you again" Mary said in an inappropriately calm and sugary voice.

Boots was just staring at her wondering who this person was.

"Boots, this is Stephanie," Mary said in the same inappropriately calm and pleasant way. "We met her in the small park on the last supply run, she caught us having sex on that big stone and was cool enough to not make a big deal about it, where is your little dog Stephanie?"

"You were having sex when we were talking in the park?" She asked panicked, her eyes fluttered as she tried to process what to be the most upset about.

"It's nice to meet you Stephanie" Boots smiled and held her arm out to shake her hand.

Stephanie slowly reached out and shook her hand. "WHY IS YOUR HAND SO WET AND SLIMY" she yelled at boots.

"OH... It's ...Ahh," Boots looked at Boat girl, "Well it's definitely not cum if that's what you were thinking," Boots said in an extremely unconvincing way.

"WHAT? ...IT'S NOT? ...WHAT IS IT? ... WHY WERE THOSE GUYS CHASING YOU? ... WHOSE CAR IS THIS? ... WHERE ARE WE GOING? ... WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE!!! "

"Well... Stephanie..." Mary said calmly. "Yes, he was inside me the whole time we were talking in the park last week, ...and the less said about Boots slimy hand the better, ...and those guys were chasing us because they caught Boots and I making out in the aisle with the scented candles, ... and Yes, I did technically steal this car but only because somebody stole our car first... and I'm not sure where we are going right now because this is the first time I have ever driven a car and I'm just trying to concentrate on not killing us all right now."

"Yeah Mary, you're going incredibly fast, you should slow down" I encouraged.

"Oh, yeah Ok" she slowed the car to a normal speed and some of the tension in the car dropped just slightly.

The car was silent for a moment until Stephanie spoke again "So... You guys ...are like... some type of morally ambiguous swinger car thieves?"
