 Mary had been studying archaeology for four years now and was a senior in college getting ready to go on to graduate school when the head of the department had been called away on a dig in the mountains of Colorado. Dr. Davis had asked her as his top student if she would care to join him on this excavation and get some field work. Mary had heartily agreed and gone to pack her bags immediately. 

Mary rooted through her closet packing everything warm she could find. She also packed a few sexy dresses and nightclothes in case they had a chance to go out while they were near Denver. She had assumed they would set up a base camp in the mountains though while the excavation was in process but afterwards depending on what they found they may be city bound for a short time. Dr. Davis had told her that he would provide the necessary items: goggles, coat, toboggan, gloves and so on needed for cold weather that she would just be in need of clothes. 

As they sat in the plane, Dr. Davis began to reveal what the prize could be expected to be during the excavation. "Mary dear," he began, "we are looking at possibly finding the most intact caveman and weapons that have been found to date. Satellite imagery thus far has shown a man-sized object and something much larger beneath him. Eventually they won't even need us for these digs that imagery will show them everything they need to know down to the finest hair, but until then it's all us."

Mary felt her breath catch as she thought about the possibilities of being a part of this historic dig. She wanted the prestige and honor that could cum with it as well as the self satisfaction that her grades and brain had gotten here and not her coed body. She was sure that hadn't hurt her being a choice but if she had to endure a little physical fun in order to achieve her work-related goal that was something she was well prepared to do. She also wondered though because the doctor had never hit on her during all four years she had been here and though she knew they were now going to be in completely different surroundings the 40ish man probably would behave himself.

When their plane landed, they were greeted by the digging team who was eager to get started and they were lead out along with all of their supplies to a convoy of SUV's. It was only a matter of hours now until they would be at the site and even though everyone was a bit tired they were eager at least show a little beginning to their work before turning in and they still had a few hours of daylight left. 

Two hours later they had dug out a huge chunk of ice and the form of a man could be vaguely made out in the depths. It would still take a few days to get down far enough to break out the chunk containing the caveman intact, they wouldn't want to damage him by cracking the ice he was in before they could get him into a facility to thaw him out and do a thorough autopsy. Mary climbed into her pop up tent and flicked on the heater as she slipped down into her leggings and into her sleeping bag. 

She awoke the next morning to the doctor sitting next to her brushing back her hair and talking softly as he offered her a cup of coffee. "Sorry to startle you dear but we have to get a jump on this as soon as first light hits. You were out so soon after entering your tent last night so I couldn't prepare you for the early rousing."

"That's fine Dr. Davis," Mary replied as she brushed the hair out of her eyes, "I didn't even think about it last night I was so exhausted from the flight and excitement."

"Mary, you can call me Steve, Dr. Davis sounds so uppity."

"All right Steve, well if you'll give me a few moments I will get dressed and be out to join you."

"See you in a few then," Steve replied as he slipped out of the tent.

Mary got herself up and dressed and ventured out to the start of what could prove to be a very wonderful day. She wished she had a boyfriend on this trip to relieve some of that extra excitement coursing through her veins but she wasn't sure where to even begin if she wanted a man out here. There were too many possibilities she giggled to herself. Steve would prove a great lover she thought or perhaps one of the diggers with their rippling muscles might do well if she just wanted good, rough and sweaty sex. She pushed these thoughts out of her mind for now content to figure she could pick one of them out tonight if the day went well. 

Mary joined Dr. Davis on the side of the pit as the digging crew was begging work. The doctor was giving careful directions so that the men wouldn't chip the ice and damage it too greatly before the man below could be gotten to and brought up safely. As the sun reached its peak Mary realized that soon they would be face to face with possibly the oldest caveman ever found in North America. Her giddiness was nearing uncontrollable heights as the excavation crew brought in the large crane to hook into the ice and pull the chunk up out of the ground.

"This is it Mary," Dr. Davis began, "within hours we will have this specimen on a table and thawing out. I hope you do realize what this will do for our careers. This will add enormous accolades to my own and give yours a bright beginning beyond your wildest dreams."

"And to think sir, I gave up this environmental cleanup on campus, seems like a fair trade off," she laughed, "what could be more environmentally helpful than excavating one of the earth's oldest specimen's of human life?"

"Dammit girl I told you to call me Steve. We are going to make the university a ton of money as well as maybe a new wing in my honor," he chuckled in reply.

Stepping back to give the men room to work Mary watched in awe as the heavy, huge chunk of ice was lifted free from the ground. The men's hard work had paid off and their expertise had brought free the chunk with the man inside without disturbing the layers of ice underneath which showed that something larger was deeper down. They would of course continue their digging but that would be in the absence of Steve and Mary. The two would be in a lab carefully thawing out this man and waiting for whatever was beneath to arrive later. The excavation leader would have this fully in hand Steve had said as they departed in a large SUV with the man in ice on a trailer being towed behind it.

Two hours later they were standing inside base camp at the bottom of the mountains with heat lamps blazing as they watched the ice melt away from the man. "Steve, this is exciting, can you imagine how long this man must have been underneath the ice, and look at the definition of his muscles, still intact and he looks enormous."

"Mary," Steve replied, "I wonder what would happen if we were to find out that he was still alive just in hibernation, you know how they have been cytogenetically freezing some people lately until they find a cure for a disease or figure out how to extend life spans. What if this was just like that and he could be reanimated, can you just picture what we might be able to do with all the doors that would open up for us then?"

"Oh Dr. Steve," Mary laughed with a smile, "his animalistic urges would surely get him in trouble in no time, and we don't even know how old or how smart he could be. In addition don't you think by now someone would have figured out how to reanimate one of these guys when they were found. We couldn't be the first to see this possibility."

Steve smiled and walked over to the thawing caveman, gently he ran his hand over the thin layer of ice still surrounding the man. "It's amazing how well preserved this guy is Mary, look at him, everything looks like he just fell asleep. Wouldn't it be nice to know what his last thoughts were?"

"Oh shit! Would be my guess Steve," Mary replied giggling.

"Funny girl, you probably are right it appears as if the snow just trapped him and then solidified into ice, so he was probably hunting at the time an avalanche caught him or something of that nature, we'll probably never know."

A few hours later as the caveman had thawed out completely and his body temperature began to rise the phone rang. Dr. Davis picked answered it and with a perplexed look on his face exclaimed into the phone, "Don't do anything else I'll be up in two hours." 

Turning back to face Mary he relayed what the site foreman had told him. They had found what appeared to be a mammoth and possibly another specimen, female this time deeper down in the ice. He told Mary to stay there and look after the caveman and he would return later that night or early the next morning.

Mary watched as he rushed out of the lab, feeling a bit disappointed because she had hoped to seduce him later that evening. A celebration of their find that day, but as she plopped herself down at the little desk and began working on a report she realized that wouldn't happen until the next day more than likely.

A few hours had passed and Mary awoke with a start, lifting her head from her arms where she must have drifted off for a few minutes or even an hour she looked around the room. She no longer felt completely alone. Turning in her chair, she looked at the table where the caveman was. Or rather where he had been, for now he was gone. She immediately thought someone had come in and stolen their find but she doubted the reality in that, no one but the excavation team and university even knew for sure where they were.

Mary stood up and walked to the side of the examining table the man had been on when she saw muddy footprints. She held her breath and started to follow them, they quickly lead her outside the room and into the little corridor to the sleeping quarters. Peering into each room, she found nothing but more footprints that now seemed to head in every different direction. She couldn't begin to imagine where he had headed when she heard a ghastly scream. 

"ARGHH!!"

Mary rushed down the corridor and into the room from which the noise had come. There sitting huddled in the corner hugging his knees to his chest was their caveman. Mary wondered if she should go and get the tranquilizer gun and put him down for a little nap but figured better of it for if she were to put him down then it could traumatize his system. She decided instead to slowly walk toward him cooing at him as she would a baby trying to comfort him. 

Suddenly his big green eyes flashed open and gazed upon her, he was just relying on instincts Mary told herself as she inched forward. His legs being curled up like this fetal position did nothing to hide the length of his flaccid manhood which hung down against the cold floor in what had to be at least eight or nine inches. Mary berated herself for focusing on that part of his anatomy and quickly turned her attention back to his face so that she could gaze into his eyes and show him the general comfort she was willing to bestow upon him.

As her feet neared him suddenly, the hulking man stood up and even hunched over he towered over her small frame. He made several grunting noises as he reached out and to her bewilderment tugged at her blouse leaving muddy hand prints over her breasts. He tugged at the material as she stood there unsure of what her next actions would be. It was as if he was trying to communicate the only way he knew how through the grunts and physical contact. 

Mary had pent up her fear and excitement so much to this point that when he touched her breasts even roughly it sent little tingles through her body. She wondered how the caveman had verbalized or shown interest in females of his time and if he was even trying to share interest or just understanding to his reanimation. 

She would soon find out as he ripped away her blouse and with the lightest of tugs removed her bra. His large hands captured her breasts and squeezed them as he smiled to her and grunted as he bent his head forward. "Ugh, unk didonk."

Mary just nodded as she felt the warmth and strength in his hands over her large tits, her nipples were already hard and despite the fear she knew that her pussy was soaking her panties at that moment. This was raw lust at its base form, a caveman wanted to fuck her and she figured that even if she had been repulsed by him he would still be taking her. She liked a little rough sex though and knew that he wasn't going to be gentle anyway if this first contact was as gruff as it had been. Mary also knew that she wanted to test him and see if he would understand her denial should she choose to give it.

The caveman lowered his lips and sucked at her nipple while grasping her sweat pants that she had thrown on when they had arrived here and tugging at them. He was going to get them down or off soon and Mary decided now was the time to test him and his understanding. Putting her hand on his muscular chest she gave a push and tried to step away shaking her head no. The caveman looked at her and then grabbed his now blood filled cock and waved the hard flesh at her angrily grunting. He grabbed her sweat pants again and ripped them off of her along with the wispy panties she had put on. His eyes locked on her shaved pussy and he roughly ran a finger over her outer lips and then shoved it inside her moist pussy.

"Oh god you beast do it to me," Mary whispered as she gyrated her hips on his finger.

"Ungle, donik votre neighe," the caveman grunted as he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder and walked toward the desk near the far wall of the room.

Flopping her down over the desk he grabbed her legs and pushed his rock hard shaft into her with no more foreplay. Mary hadn't really needed anymore, having been worked up completely by the thought of just being ravaged by this primal man and his urges. She spread her legs wide and reached down to open her outer labia for him. The pink flesh must have aroused him even more for he began to push her hand away and held her open with his own fingers and rubbed her clit with his thumbs as he pounded into her tight snatch.

Mary's breath was caught in her throat as she felt the enormous manhood of this caveman driving into her with only one sense of need, his own. She knew that he would cum soon and she craved it, she wanted him to shoot his near ancient cum deep into her and fill her up. She began to thrust her hips up at him as he drove into her and her legs went around his waist and locked around him pulling him into her even more. The thrill of this rough fuck was driving Mary crazy and as she lay there arching her back pushing her pussy at him her fingers tugged at her large erect nipples pushing her into a wildly deep and intense orgasm. 

The caveman cried out as she began to clench the tight muscles inside her pussy around him and he thrust two or three more times hard into her and then began to jerk and grunt. "UNK, Didnk, CONID." 

She didn't understand his words or dialect whichever they may be but she knew how to read a man's body and she felt the first waves of his sperm shoot deep inside her. He came for nearly a minute without ever having a break in between pulses and Mary could feel the cum dribbling out of her and down the crack of her ass as he pulled his large cock out of her and jerked it over her stomach. See she thought, all men are the same even on the base level they love to see a woman marked with their cum.

Mary reached down and stroked his still dribbling cock and with her other hand rubbed the cum over her stomach and down across her clit triggering another orgasm from herself. As she stroked his tool she began to sit up and she pushed the caveman back and knelt down in front of him never hesitating as she started to lick his shaft and suck on the underside of his hard cock. He remained transfixed standing there looking down at her with a smile as she began to bob her head up and down on his flesh. He gave soft grunts of approval and when Mary was satisfied that he was still hard enough for another round she stood up and bent over the desk. 

To her surprise he gave her a hard slap across her ass and grabbed her hips shoving his cock back into her as he moved one hand up to the crack of her ass. His thumb began to push at her cum slicked asshole and as he slammed in and out of her pussy his thumb slipped into her ass and he fucked her tight butt. 

She would have let him do more but suddenly she heard another voice, "Mary what in god's name are you doing girl," Steve bellowed. 

"Well sir, oh god, he woke up after I had fallen asleep and he wasn't going to take no for an answer when I found him." 

Steve walked around the desk and looked at her as she gazed up at him with a wicked smile on her face. "Ank doink Gimeba," the caveman uttered at Steve as Steve dropped his pants and thrust his cock at Mary's open mouth. 

The caveman roughly shoved his cock into Mary pushing her forward over the desk and forcing her mouth farther down onto Steve's impressive cock. Mary figured the caveman must have been enjoying the scene in front of him and she reached beneath herself and cupped his balls as he fucked her and she swallowed everything that Steve had offered her. 

Steve couldn't believe his luck he had walked in on the caveman fucking his student roughly and he was going to take advantage now of the lust he had for the girl once and for all. If she was going to get fucked hard by some neanderthal then he would take advantage of her nakedness and her momentarily smutty nature and face fuck her for all she was worth. He had really hoped to fuck her before the trip was over and still might but he wasn't about to try and pull a hulking man away from her so he could slide inside her. Besides he might have gotten beat had he tried and when a little head could last him until he could get her alone Steve was not about to look a gift horse in the mouth. 

Mary had never been filled by so much cock before. Steve's large cock was pushing into her throat and she was glad now she had learned to deep throat early in her college days. Behind her the caveman was still fucking her hard and had begun to slide two fingers in and out of her tight ass. She wondered if he would fuck her ass and was soon feeling the answer to that question. His cock slipped from her pussy and she felt him nudge the head into her tiny anal opening. As soon as the head had been worked in he began to shove in to the deepest depths he could reach and slapping her ass with each stroke. She began to hope they would both cum soon and she reached up and began to play with the professor's balls as she swallowed and licked his shaft. 

Steve could not hold back much longer and as he fucked his students perfect mouth he felt her fingers cup his balls and that sent him over the edge holding her head in his hands he rammed his cock into her throat and began to cum. Slowly he pulled back enough to let her suck the rest of the cum out of his cock and when he looked down she was staring into his eyes smiling around his cock. 

Mary felt content already having a stretched and filled pussy and having just sucked off her professor as she was getting butt fucked by the caveman who was rapidly approaching another orgasm. She felt him tense again and then her bowels were filled with his hot seed. Grunting again he pulled out of her and stroked himself over her ass showering it with drops of warm cum.

Mary pulled her head away from Steve and turned to watch as the caveman finished cumming on her ass. Now how on earth are we going to get him to calm down she thought. No need true to form he slid over in the corner and pulling a blanket from the cot above him he laid down on the floor and passed out. 

Steve looked and Mary and laughed as she stood up and went around the desk to him. "Steve, how about we go take a shower while the big guy over there sleeps and we'll find something more in depth to do until he wakes up that writing a report?" she said with a coy smile. 
