 The morning was warm, perhaps unusually so for the woodlands of Eversong. It only made the wildlife seem more alive than ever; the chorus of birds twittering loudly in their amber-leaved trees and the low, guttural yawns of Springpaw Lynxes as they lazed on the grass permeating the still air. It was all quite peaceful, Aeryn mused. That was until he approached closer to the small workshop hidden deep in the thickets, well out of the way of prying eyes. His ears twitched as they caught the faint sound of a rhythmic clanking, accompanied by more than a few strained grunts. 

'Belore... have I come at a bad time?' He thought, slowing his pace as he pondered turning back. He didn't wish to disturb whatever in the Sun's name was going on in there. Or well... 

The curiosity was too much, and with a wistful grin he snuck himself ever closer. He wasn't a small Blood Elf by any means, a trained Blood Knight, he wasn't quite made for sneaking. Nevertheless he tried his best as he pressed his muscular back to the wall and edged his way to the curtained doorway. Flicking one of the thin drapes aside slightly he poked his head through, taking a quick glance around the small room. He let out a small sigh of relief, and an even smaller one of disappointment as his eyes came into contact with the source of the dubious noises. 

Hunched over the workbench in the centre of the room was his friend and fellow Knight, Soraya. She appeared to be working tirelessly, trying to hammer one piece of metal into a hole clearly too small for it, those same strained grunts passing her lips with ever loud smack of the hammer. 

Aeryn had to admit, he didn't have a bad view of things at all. It was here that she came to relax and get away from the world, and as such it was one of the few places she could be spotted without her imposing red and black regalia of a Blood Knight. In contrast, she had very little on, and rightfully so -- it was stifling! She wore no shoes; her long, shapely legs exposed all the way to a pair of what seemed to be makeshift, black hot-pants, ripped clumsily at the seams. Aeryn grinned slightly, clocking the large, intricate, skin-toned tattoo that sprawled across her left thigh. He'd not seen that before! Hanging loosely from her hip was a small satchel, filled with various tools, screws and bolts, ever threatening to spill over as she moved. She donned a rather ragged looking, sweat drenched top that only served to cover her ample bust, leaving her midriff exposed to the air. Her long, ashen-blonde locks were tied tightly in a high pony-tail, keeping them well away from her face and back and a pair of carefully engineered goggles rested high on her forehead. Sweat dripped and rolled across her forge-tanned skin and, in places, she was covered in grease. Whatever she had been working on, she'd been working on it hard. With a more curvaceous figure than most, she wasn't typically beautiful by the standards of her people, yet seeing her how she was now, Aeryn could understand the pleasures of having a little extra to play with.

He stepped into the room and just let himself ogle for a good while more, arms folded across his chest as she worked away. When he was quite done looking (at her backside, at least) he gently cleared his throat. She jumped slightly, caught unaware, then turned herself around and perched on the edge of the workbench, wiping her wrist across her forehead. 

"Oh, hey Aeryn. I almost forgot I'd asked you to come over," she grinned playfully, placing her hammer down beside her. "Did you bring Overcharged Capacitor?"

"You mean this thing?" He shook the small device in his hand, and sent a rather confused look her way. 

"Looks about right!"

"It's just a box, if you ask me..." He tossed it her way.

"And this is why I'm the engineer and you pick flowers in your spare time!" 

"They're herbs! Not flowers!"

She chuckled, catching capacitor, eyeing it carefully before returning her gaze to him. He gave her a wide grin, stepping a little closer to her. 

"It's unusual to see you like this, you know?"

"Like this?"

"Relaxed," he hesitated. "And well... dressed down."

She smiled slightly at him, pushing herself around on the bench, spreading her legs to straddle across the corner. She placed her hands together between them, drumming on the edge playfully. 

"You don't look so bad out of uniform yourself, you know? Enjoying your day off?"

Her eyes wandered across him as he took a few more steps her way. It was true what she said; he certainly did brush up well. Delicately groomed brown hair hung around his shoulders, framing a chiselled, charming face. His toned, yet not overly muscular frame was hidden behind a loosely fitting red linen shirt that wafted gently around in the occasional breeze. She reached a hand forward to snag at it playfully as he came just close enough to do so, giving him a playful wink. 

"Well, it's turning out to be one of my better days off, I can tell you that much," he placed his hand on hers, pulling it away from his shirt. It lingered a while, his thumb almost unconsciously tracing small circles on the back of her hand. With a sudden realisation, he flinched away. "Sorry..."

"Don't be," she took his hand in hers again and pulled him to the edge of the bench, meeting his gaze firmly with her own. "I always thought, if it wasn't for work..."

"Oh, me too..."

There was the briefest of moments where everything was still, a tingling tension hanging deep in the air. All it took was the lick of her lips. Aeryn lunged himself forward, arms either side of her body as he pressed himself against her, pushing her down against the workbench with all his might. His lips messily found their way to hers, his tongue easily slipping into her warm maw, exploring and wresting with hers in an impassioned erotic dance. Soraya's hands strayed to his back, clawing away at his shirt, tugging it upwards until it crumpled around his neck and underarms. Reluctantly, the kiss broke and he allowed himself to be stripped, shirt flying over his head and landing hooked over the side of the forge. His trousers came next, as she frantically worked her fingers to unbuckle and fling off his belt; all the while his hands groped and teased up and down her exposed sides. With fingertips slipping into her vest, wrenching it clean over her head at around the same time his trousers were down to his ankles, the first port of call was clear. 

Aeryn shuffled himself downwards, kicking free of his trousers as he rested himself atop of her, his head square above her heaving bust. He delved in, one hand each side to cup them together as his tongue traced across both hungrily. He watched on gleefully as she arched beneath him, the lapping of his tongue around her sensitive nipples enough to make her shiver. 

"Mmrh... like that, don't you?" He purred against her skin, gently enveloping her erect nub into his lips. 

His response came in the form of her hands grappling with his ears, pushing his face into her breasts as she arched her back upwards again, a low moan passing her lips. She brushes her thigh against his, content to feel his stiffening cock beginning to press against her. If he was already fully aroused, he was a good seven inches. If not, she would be a very happy girl indeed. 

With what appeared to be some considerable effort on his behalf, Aeryn lifted himself from between her mounds and precariously straddled across her stomach. He was just as sweat-drenched as her now and took the time for a short breather, idly drumming his cockend onto her wobbling breasts. She mewed quietly, licking across her lips again as she watched him manoeuvre his thick shaft to rest between her fleshy orbs. Almost immediately she gripped herself and clamped him in tightly, a wide grin on her face. 

"I knew there was a reason humans like shapely girls." Aeryn muttered, almost to himself 

He found his hands placed onto hers, as if to make sure she stayed shut tight around him. Satisfied he was secure, he began to thrust his hips back and forth. His pace was slow at first as he grew accustomed to the warm slickness of her wet skin. But before long the timely squelch of his dick pressing in and out of her deep valley came at faster and faster intervals. Along with it came his stifled grunts of pleasure, growing louder and louder with each passing piston of his hips. 

Feeling confident she wouldn't disappoint him and loosen her hold, he took his hands from hers and drew them backwards, fingertips teasing down her sides and around until then rested on her thighs. There, he edged back upwards, pressing against her skin, feeling as she twitched and kicked as he edged ever closer to her nethers. With almost expect timing, Aeryn began to rub his palm across her sex, her dampness evident even through her tiny hot-pants. Each thrust he gave into Soraya's breasts was rewarded with a long, firm rub. She writhed under him, soft moans escaping from her pouty lips, her eyes rolling back into her head as she was slowly worked along with him. 

Aeryn suddenly squeezed tightly on her thigh, a drawn out groan shuddering from his mouth. 

"S-Sora... I'm-!"

"Not yet!" 

She let go of her breasts, chuckling slightly as she watched him draw his cock back and forth across her chest aimlessly a few times before he clocked on. With a reluctant sigh he slid off of her, gentle kisses trailing down her body as he worked his way off the bench. 

"What, then?" He asked, looking ever-so-slightly disappointed. 

With a smirk, she pushed herself onto her haunches and began to unbutton her hot-pants.

"There's a bag behind me. It has a little something I made for myself a while back," she winked. "I think you should go get it."

Within the time it took him to riffle around in her bags, she was stripped bare, playing idly with the small tuft of hair that sat just above her sex. Her ears twitched as she heard something buzz and she smiled broadly when she felt it vibrate against the back of her neck. She turned her head to nuzzle her cheek against the device; her very own engineered-vibrator. 

"Mk. II?" He inquired playfully, drawing it across her shoulder as he stepped back around the workbench.

"You don't want to know what happened to Mk. I..." 

He laughed heartily, drawing small circles across her stomach with the vibrator, causing her to tense up and giggle as he made his way down to her exposed nethers. She spread herself wide for him, placing her fingers either side of her cunny to draw her lips apart as he approached, watching down past her breasts which were rising and falling rapidly as she shuddered with anticipation. Not one to want to give simple relief, Aeryn lingered around her inner thighs, watching her reaction as he would occasionally inch towards her clit, only to draw the toy away again. She whimpered quietly, her ears drooping as she tried to shuffle herself closer to the source of her pleasure, only to have Aeryn shake his head, grin and pull it well away from her again.

"Nu-uh-uh, naughty girls aren't allowed!"

"Screw you!" She panted back at him.

"If you insist!"

Within seconds the vibrator was switched off and tossed over his shoulder. He grabbed the elf by her legs and slid her to the very edge of the workbench, resting her on her shoulderblades, her rear hanging just off the side. Slipping his hands onto the small of her back he raised her slightly, letting her hang her legs over his shoulders as he positioned himself just before her tight, glistening entrance. Without warning he thrust himself in, hilting his entire length deep within her twitching fucktunnel. She tensed and gripped tightly to the sides of the bench, moaning lustily. 

Aeryn began to pump into her hard and fast, the slapping of skin-on-skin and the slick sounds of a wet pussy being beaten out soon joining the chorus of moans that permeated the air. He leaned over her, flicking his tongue across her neck, nibbling and kissing the tender skin, enjoying the feeling of her nipples rubbing against his chest as they jiggled and bounced with each of his heavy smacks into her cunt. Her hands clawed into his back, nails digging into his skin as she drew them across his shoulders, leaving a trail of sore red marks in their wake. 

"Aarh... play nice!"

"Naughtty girls... mmfh... a-aren't allowed!" Her green eyes flared playfully, catching his lustful gaze as he met her in a kiss, pulling himself out of her slopping sex. 

Soraya found herself suddenly turned around onto her front, bent over the workbench at her hips. A few moments passed where she heard him step away, but she found herself too tired to look. A loud crack filled the workshop as Aeryn's hand came crashing against her backside, leaving a pink print on the wobbling skin. 

"Payback." He grinned, shoving his rock hard cock back into her depths. 

He seemed to like this position better, his fucking that little bit rougher than before, deeper and harder. Soraya, apparently, loved it too, her wailing almost constant, only broken up by the bothersome need to take breaths. Desperate pleas to be fucked faster, harder and deeper occasionally whimpered past her lips, all of which were met as best as could be. However, Aeryn still had a surprise in store. 

There was the flick of a switch, followed shortly by a buzz. That was all the warning Soraya was given before her vibrator was crammed into her puckered asshole. She screamed loudly, her ass involuntarily clenching around the invading object. She was suddenly awash with the strangest mix of pleasure and pain, the sensations overwhelming. Within moments she came, her orgasm rocketing through her body, causing her to stiffen and twitch erratically as her pussy squirted hard around Aeryn's cock, forcing him out and coating his legs with a glistening sheen of girlcum. 

The climax seemed to spell his end also. He eased the toy from her sore hole and turned her around, letting her fall tiredly to her knees as he gave himself a few last jerks. With a strained, deep groan he came; thick, ropy shots of his seed covering her face. It dripped dirtily off her nose, dribbling into her mouth and down her chin, pattering gently onto her breasts as she panted tiredly from the whole ordeal. 

Aeryn smiled tiredly down at her, and lowered himself to her level, wrapping his arms gently around her quivering body, pulling her into a light embrace. 

"Turned out to be a pretty good day off, you know?" He grinned, kissing her gently on the forehead.

She managed a small giggle, shuffling herself into his lap. She had to agree, it was certainly one of her more productive days off, indeed.