 A/N: This is my first submission to this website. I wrote this a few years ago based on a different series I wrote. A few things to note: Fang is a blind werewolf, and Iasia is a mix between a fairy and three kinds of vampire beings called blixes, I hope everybody enjoys. 

Iasya moved down the halls in the city of Outervillage.

She was heading to where Fang was kept when he had his fits from Despair; she had seen something last time that interested her greatly. She had to know for sure, and she moved confidently through the room to where he was bound to his bed, unconscious and in his human form. His belt had been stripped away from him, and he lay there naked, covered by a sheet from the waist down.

She placed her hands on his chest; he was oddly muscle less, in contrast to his wolf form. She knew he held great strength, even in his human form, and now she traced her fingers over his belly to the scar on its right side. Now, she moved the hair from his eyes and bent down, biting on his neck, just below the scar where the Despair demon had entered.

She touched her tongue to the wound and stepped back as she entered his thoughts.

It didn't take long, and she soon found herself seeing Fang below her and in a submissive crouch in his wolf form, she realized that she was in his fantasy, and looked down at herself giggling.

She stepped out of his thoughts, using her influence to wake him. As he began to stir, she removed the sheet, and took in his penis, noticing that it was hard from his dream, and that he had shaven his pubic areas. He tried to move against his bindings, grunting in frustration, then stopping suddenly and sniffing the air.

"Iasya, what are you doing here? Can you get that sheet for me?" She laughed at his request, as he hadn't known she had taken the sheet from him.

"So, what were you dreaming about?" His face froze, and began to glow with a kind of shame, but his dick did not go down. It bobbed with excitement even as he began to apologize.

"You already know surely, I'm so-"

"I don't want to hear your apologies; I hate how often you say sorry, just shut up." She laughed at this and then lay on the bed beside him, pushing herself against his body.

He could feel her through her gear, her warm curved frame against his bound one.

He was spread-eagle on the bed, and she was slanted diagonally with her legs holding his right leg in place, she moved her hands over his chest, twisting his erect nipples laughing at his groan of approval before gliding over his stomach and tracing the scar to the one on his back and rubbing it above his ass while placing her tongue into his bellybutton swiftly, licking upward and sucking on each nipple before kissing him deeply on the mouth. He was tense with anticipation, he could smell her sex even from where he was, and felt with his blind, wolf sense of touch her warm pulsing vagina on his thigh, not even an inch from his penis. He twisted, trying to get her closer and failing.

His right arm bulged at the veins, which ran long and blueish and wrapped all the way from his right ring finger to his elbow. "I want you to know what I'm wearing, so I'm going to free you from the bed, but you can only touch when I say you can touch, and only where I want you to. Do you understand?"

"Yes Iasya."

"No, for now I will be Mistress."

"Yes mistress."

"That's better, now just you stand still you dirty dog." she giggled at her play on words, moving to where the keys were hung across the room. She freed the bindings from the bed, cuffing his wrists together in front of him before she backed away. She pulled the small dagger from her hair, letting it fall down across her shoulders and down her back before she began.

"Strip me, but do not touch the bare skin until you're told." Eagerly he moved, pulling the weapons vest apart before carefully moving it over her delicate wings, exposing a white tank top underneath, and He went down, careful not to touch her arms as he lifted the tank top he couldn't see over her head, underneath which she wore a black bra.

He now changed tactics, removing her long dark boots, and stepping aside as her bare feet were released and taking off her weapons belt before pulling down her leather skin-tight pants, exposing a black thong as she stepped out of them. Now he paused, wondering what to do next. He didn't know what kind of underwear she had on, and he had never touched female undergarments before.

"Well? I'm waiting..." She tapped her foot against the stone floor and he growled in animal lust as he could smell her pussy juices flowing and her asshole as well. She had lighter skin, but was considered black by all who had seen her; she was standing in front of him, laughing in her mind as he struggled to figure out what she knew he would fail at.

"Please mistress, I need help." He fell to his knees, his head bowed in shame as she moved toward him.

"Are you asking me for assistance? Guidance?"

"Yes, please Mistress, I beg you help me understand." She laughed and pulled him to his feet, guiding his hands to where her bra clasped in the back. He pouted in confusion, trying to figure out how to handle her great fairy wings. He unclasped the bra, and then, frustrated, he snapped the straps off around her wings. She snorted; there were clasps for her wings too, oh well she thought, I was going to leave it anyway.

She guided him to her thong, letting him trace it along her pussy, feeling her juices leaking from underneath. He trembled with the closeness of his fingers as she guided them between her ass cheeks, and showing him where the string came off, then how to remove it. She held the thong to his nose, and he inhaled deeply her scent, and then she pushed it into his mouth. He sucked the juices from the thong, tasting a sweet liquid like cherry flavored pop, and falling to his knees before her.

She stood before him pride fully, spreading her legs and touching her pubic mound against his nose, brushing her bush up and down, from side to side over his nose, as he was unable to reach out his tongue because of the thong in his mouth.

She pulled it from him now, then turned around and bent over in front of him. "You will touch, then you will taste."

"Yes, it will be done Mistress."

He reached out, eagerly caressing her large butt.

He moved over each cheek with his hands, moving his fingers deeper as he found her crack and hovering over her back door.

He pulled the cheeks apart and began to sniff her asshole, then touching his tongue to it. Now, she began to tremble, as she felt his face in her asshole, shifting. Whiskers tickled her ass cheeks, as his face slowly changed, his tongue getting longer as he moved it up and down her butt, circling the hole and biting her cheeks before he plunged into her sweet asshole.

Oh, how he trembled, he could feel her puckered brown butthole with his tongue and then it was deep inside her anal canal, moving around as his drool began to code her ass cheeks.

She moaned in delight, feeling his now padded hands on her ass as he continued drawing on it with delicate care, his claws barely touching the skin. He moved the pads over and over, then pulled out his tongue and his snout now covered the entire ass crack, his teeth digging into her ass as his tongue twisted and twirled inside of her anal entrance.

She screamed in climax, yelling his name with bliss. Then, as she got up, she moved his now human hands to her small but perky tits. They were round, plump boobs with little cleavage and smaller nipples, that were erect and now, her right was in his mouth and her left in his hands. His cock was pressing on her thighs and she reached around and gripped his ass.

He grunted and made a low rumble in his mouth, causing her tit to vibrate with the sensation and sending her over the edge once more. Now, she spread her legs as far apart as she could, and moved his hands to her pussy.

He was sweating with the excitement, and he moved them through her pubic mound and down, his left hand finding her clit and rolling it as his right moved to her lower lips, spreading them apart with his outer fingers and entering her slit with the other two. He moved them in and out with speed and then he clamped his mouth on it, changing once more and sending his tongue into her pussy.

She orgasmed once more, coding his snout in her precious fluids and now she took his cuffs and flew him so he was bound to a pillar. Now, she held his legs open and moved her mouth to his dick. She ran her hands over his pubic mound, feeling the bare flesh of freshly shaven pubes. She did this with her right hand, cupping his nuts in her left as she sucked on his shaft, causing him to groan in animal lust. He had at least seven inches of length, which she was deep throating with ease, and he couldn't take it; as she moved her wet fingers to his asshole, pressing them inside of him, three all at once and he kame inside of her. She swallowed the sweet, salty tang of his being, and gasped as she realized he was still rock solid.

Now, she held her ass in front of his face, and there was a thunderous sound as the pillar cracked and his bindings snapped. He roared in lust and grabbed her ass, eager to taste it and so much so that she almost forgot her domination.

"No! Back, back and stay." He backed away, changing to the large grey wolf and bowing in submission. He was now covered in the storm colored fur, and laid his head on the floor. She drew her pussy along his fur, making it matt with her juices before pulling things from her vest. She now put a stone dildo to his asshole, pushing in and sending the second end into her own. Now, they pushed against each other, as their ass cheeks touched and pulled away until she pulled it from him, putting anal beads deep inside of him and forcing him to suck the devise clean. He did so, and she found another, strapping it on and riding his asshole. He changed again, his hair a matted mess and him on his hands and knees, taking the ten inch artificial cock in to the hilt every time pushing back with desire until she pulled away and spread her legs, pushing herself on top of him and lowering her sex down over his dick. He felt the cushion with pleasure, her long pubic hair touching his sensitive skin above his dick and the wetness surrounding him. She rode him, and he tensed, his balls getting close to him, and his fists clenched in tight balls, she pulled off of him and impaled her butt on the cock, and he spilled his seed into her back entrance, then she forced him to lick it clean, not that he didn't want to.

She left him naked, unconscious on the floor with a dildo in his butt, the thong tied to his cock like a leash and the bra over his face with the anal beads she used on herself in his mouth.