 Yan bent over, pushed her thong down to her knees, and squatted. The garment had been fashioned from the pelt of a beaver, and it was her only article of clothing. Her boyfriend, or pimp as the lizard liked to style himself, thought it was the height of hilarity that her “beaver was hid by a beaver” as he put it. Yan longed for a nice silk g-string, and some jewelry, but that stupid lizard spent all their money on booze and blowjobs from other broads. Snoring peacefully by the fire, the lizard’s dewlaps flapped out with each loud exhalation. Her gaze drifted towards his pot belly, and beneath it, his tiny, uncircumcised pecker. She shuddered at the thought of having to put that tiny thing in her mouth, and she looked away from him, and stared at the ground in front of her.

Shifting about on her haunches Yan’s bladder unleashed a trickle, and then a torrent of urine. It splashed loudly on the soil beneath her, and flowed down away from her feet, collecting in a small pool seven or eight inches away. It felt so good to take a piss and not have to worry about that perverted, disgusting lizard getting aroused.

Suddenly, without warning Yan felt a pair of hands against her back and head pushing her face and chest down into the warm puddle of pee. A sweaty body covered her, and she could feel a long hard dong nestled between her ass cleavage, and a sharp pointy stick dug into the side of her neck.

“Hold still, and don’t scream, or...”

The stick felt sharp, but Yan could tell from the weight of the body on top of her that her assailant couldn’t have much more upper body strength than her goofy lizard pimp. In a fight, Yan and the lizard would be able to turn the tables on her attacker, but she didn’t much care for the lizard, and a new partner, preferably another human like her would be preferable. And everybody knew that all lizards had small pricks.

“Oh, I’ll scream if I want too. He has a dagger,” she said, “but I don’t want to.”

He cut her off before she could continue. “And what do you want?”

“Something more than that,” said Yan, as she lifted her head and nodded in the direction of the lizard.

Yan felt the man on top of her relax. Of course, his cock was still hard, perhaps even harder now, wedged in between her fat ass cheeks. The man shifted his weight slightly, and Yan pulled herself up onto her elbows, her big belly still pressed uncomfortably into the wet ground. The warm summer breeze felt good on her giant, wet tits.

“I’m not sure. How can I trust you?”

Yan wiggled her plump, curvy backside underneath him. “The lizard is so stupid. He doesn’t have the imagination, let alone the balls, to use me in...an unnatural fashion.”

The man chuckled. The tension in his voice had disappeared when he asked, “Tell me more.”

“It’s so tight. He’s been peddling my ass to other lizards for over a year, and nobody has ever thought of, let alone asked, to use my aft passage. If only I knew someone who was...man enough to really, truly possess me.”

The stick fell to the ground, and his long, smooth fingers gripped the pale, white flesh of her breasts tightly.

“Okay, bitch, you asked for it.”

Panic descended on Yan. She wanted him in her, she wanted to be taken in that fashion, but she didn’t want the noise of their passion to wake the lizard. There was some unfinished business to attend to before they could enjoy themselves.

“Wait.”

The man tensed, and the hand that just a moment before was on her breast pushed her cheek back into the wet earth.

“Speak. Carefully.”

“I don’t want the lizard to catch us off guard. Let’s tie him up and make him watch.”

His hand released her head, and she pulled herself up on her elbows again.

“Also, tell me about yourself. I want a man who can satisfy my carnal urges, and...”

“And?”

“I’m tired of this stupid beaver pelt thong. I want a silk g-string.”

He chuckled. “Oh, I’ll make sure of that,” he paused for a moment, contemplating her long, curly blue hair.

Yan pressed on, “That’s what he promised me, a long time ago.”

He laughed again, and pressed on, making his case, “My name is Nalor, and I’m a mage who has fallen on hard times. However, once I’ve taken back the Altar of Cthulhu from those damn lizards, my new high priestess will need a garment, as well as,” and he tweaked her nipple as he said it, “accessories worthy of her station. I think you would be worthy of that honor...?”

“Yan. Let’s secure the lizard,” she said, “And then my ass is yours.”

Nalor pushed himself up, and sat down beside her. Yan rolled over onto her side, and took him in. There was a purple cloak embroidered with gold thread a few feet behind him. This was a promising sign, as it was the kind of garment that would be worn by a mage. His dong was big, and long, and very hard. It would be enough to fill her, but not stretch her out uncomfortably. The man was somewhat taller than she would have guessed from his body weight, but had a slim, somewhat androgynous build, accentuated by the hairlessness of his body and his shaggy, mid-length brown hair.

Standing up, Yan stretched and jiggled her big tits seductively as her nether garment fluttered down to her feet, exposing her bald pussy to her accomplice. Her labia minora were long, and extended about an inch past her labia majora. Maybe he could arrange to have that part of her body pierced as well. Rings on her labia would be preferable to a silk g-string as an adornment. Stepping out of it, she tore the pelt on the sides.

“We can use this to secure that goddamn lizard. Then we’ll fuck.”

He nodded, and they crawled stealthily over to the lizard. For a moment, while Nalor sized up the lizard, Yan stood, slightly stooped over the lizard’s head. When the deposed mage nodded, she squatted down on the lizards head as she pinned his shoulders down with both arms. The mage kicked the lizard hard in the balls. The lizard cried out, and bucked underneath Yan, but she pressed her ass down firmly on his head as he howled and writhed in pain.

Nalor worked quickly to wrestle the lizard into a position where he could firmly tie the lizard’s hands behind his back. Yan farted with malice and the lizard groaned again. The mage pulled out the dagger from the satchel that the lizards head had been resting on, and cut off the strap. He used this to secure the lizards feet. Finally, after another nod from Nalor, Yan stood up, but as she walked away, Yan kicked the lizard again in his bruised and swollen nutsack.

Nalor, however, wasn’t finished with the lizard. Holding his schlong in one hand, an intense look of concentration passed over his features as at first a dribble, and then a torrent of urine splashed down on the lizard’s face and head. The lizard spluttered and tried to evade the stream, but Nalor followed his movements carefully, drenching the lizards scalp and skull with a very impressive golden shower. 

When Nalor was finished, Yan walked over to him, and said, “Take me now. Here.”

Without waiting for a response, she knelt down in the puddle of urine that had pooled around the head of the stunned lizard. Yan took Nalor’s tumescent cock in her mouth with one big gulp and began to get it wet. She strummed her clit and fingered her vage while she sucked her new lover. Yan wanted him in her ass so badly, but wanted lots of lube on hand before the main event. Yan could taste the fresh urine on her lover’s dick. The submissive gesture of cleaning off Nalor after he had emptied his bladder turned her babyhole into a swamp. Groaning with lust, Nalor leaned forward, thrusting his peen down her throat. Yan gagged and spluttered all over his dong, and then, satisfied that he was wet enough to plow her rectum, she gently pushed him away, and got down on all fours with her round ass positioned over the lizard’s head.

Steadying himself with one hand on her hip, Nalor positioned his erection up against her turdcutter with the other hand. Slowly, painfully, he pushed his way past her tight, puckered starfish. Panting, Yan spread her chubby thighs wider apart in an effort to accommodate his girth. With a grunt, he grabbed both of her hips as he forced his length up her pooper, and he paused for a moment as he felt his shaft enveloped by her dirtpipe. It hurt, but it felt good, and Yan relaxed. He pulled back out, until just the head of his prick was inside her, then brutally slammed it back up her shitter.

Yan howled in pain. It felt like her asshole was on fire. She remembered some advice another giggling little broad had given her, during a break in an orgy that their lizard boyfriends had taken them too. 

“If it hurts, you’re doing it right,” the girl had tittered.

This didn’t feel right at all. She gritted her teeth. She wanted to endure this agony for Nalor, to prove herself worthy of his love. Tears of pain trickled down her cheeks, but she was able to keep her vocalizations in check, and now just whimpered in pain. 

And then suddenly the thrusting stopped, and the red hot poker up her bum was removed. Yan still felt torn in half, but now pleasure was mixed in with the hurt as he lapped at her pussy. The sharp pain in her bumhole slowly became a dull ache as his tongue lapped at her bald cunny.

The cunnilingus stopped, and he stuffed first one, two, three, and finally four fingers in her honeypot. Nalor fingered her until he she was dripping wet, French kissed her nether lips, and lubed up his dingus with her girl goo before mounting her asshole again.

The pussy juice lubricant was effective. The ass fucking had initially hurt so much because her aft passage was so dry, even with the spit lube. Nalor was a considerate lover, so much more so than a lizard. Yan sighed, and then groaned as pain and pleasure washed over her. Nalor pounded her ass for what seemed like an eternity, as his hands moved from her hips to her udders, using her boobs like handles, and occasionally pinching her saucer like areola and her erect nipples between his thumb and forefinger.

Without warning, he pushed his cock up her dumper as far as it could go, balls deep, and came noisily. He pulled himself out, and rolled over on the ground. Stunned, Yan remained on all fours as the pleasure and pain subsided, and a loud, wet fart tumbled out of her now loosened pucker, along with Nalor’s seed and some shit. It splashed on the lizards face, and he let loose another groan of humiliation and defeat. 

Blushing, Yan looked down on the ground.

“Cleaning up is going to be hard.”

Nalor looked around the barren plain, and then back at the lizard, and then at his knife, the lizards eyes following his gaze the entire time.

“I think I have an idea...”

The lizard didn’t wait to hear the threat. He just started lapping Yan’s asscrack and stinkbud with his tounge. 

Love and lust welled up in Yan’s heart. Here was the man she had been waiting for.

“Come her lover, and let me show you how a real woman takes care of her man.”

Ass to mouth. Nalor grinned. So this was true love. The lizard gave a final groan, and went back to cleaning his former whore.