 When my grandfather died he left me the quirky house he'd lived in just four or five miles outside the city on the edge of Cloves Wood. I used to go and visit him there and perhaps that's why he left it to me. The rest of the family, who never took the trouble to go out there to keep the old man company, couldn't understand why he'd leave the house and contents to a 25-year-old.

It wasn't the kind of place most young guys my age would appreciate but I'd kind of got used to it. It was a cross between a Hobbit House and the one the Munsters lived in on Mockingbird Lane. Everything creaked, the floors the doors and the stairs, which, incidentally was where this adventure began.

As soon as the Lawyer handed me the keys I drove out to the place and started to explore. Downstairs there was just one very large living room with a big open fireplace, a kitchen/dining room, and a two-piece bathroom. When I ventured upstairs I found a very large bedroom with a four-poster bed and an ensuite bathroom. There was another room that had the door locked and I had to fumble to find the keys to open it. It turned out to be a sort of museum full of movie posters, photographs, and other memorabilia.

Grandpa was a film fan and although he showed me lots of books and posters and got me to sit and watch really old movies with him, I had no idea about this amazing collection. The first thing that occurred to me was that it could be worth quite a bit of money but then I thought how much he must have loved all this stuff and I decided I couldn't sell it.

I had a quick look around but it was getting close to lunch time and I decided I'd go back downstairs and see if I could find any food. When I opened the door to the kitchen my heart stopped beating for a second as there was a beautiful young woman sitting at the table.

"Hello," she said, as I held onto the doorframe for support, "I'm Iceni, your neighbor."

"I didn't know I had a neighbor," I stammered, not having seen any other properties nearby.

"O I have a little place in the woods but I used to spend a lot of time over here with your Grandpa."

I'd certainly not ever heard of him entertaining a young woman at the house and it would have been difficult not to talk about her - she was gorgeous. Her long flowing blonde hair cascaded over what looked like two plumped up pillows and when she stood up to shake my hand everything appeared to be in exactly the right place.

"Would you like some tea?" she asked, pointing the pot that sat steeping in the middle of the table.

"That would be nice," I said, pulling out a chair and sitting across from her.

She got up and walked over to the cupboard to get a couple of cups and saucers and I couldn't take my eyes off of her ass. It was firm, it was round and it moved in such a way as to prompt me to imagine my dick embedded in the crack.

"I was helping your Grandpa to get over his erection problem," she smiled as she poured the tea that I'd now completely lost interest in. "I'm a witch you see."

I laughed and I think that was the wrong thing to do. Suddenly the back door opened and a cold wind rushed in blowing a bunch of dried grass and leaves in my face and then it shut again as if by some invisible hand.

"I would have thought most 80-year-old men had that problem," I spluttered, clearing some of the debris from my face,

"But your grandfather was not just any man," she laughed, "he was a Warlock."

Not wanting another mouthful of garden leftovers in my mouth, I restrained my laughter.

"Did you know that he had magical powers?" she inquired.

"No - I knew he was interested in old movies but I didn't know he was into witchcraft," I said, trying to be as diplomatic as possible."

"O yes - he used to go into that museum of his upstairs and bring some of his favorite movie stars back to life."

I shuddered at the thought of what might come next.

"He used to fuck them," she laughed, "stars from the 30s and forties were his favorites but once in a while he'd screw the ass off of some modern-day ingénue. When his dick began to go floppy it was heartbreaking but he'd had a lot of use out of it so I suppose it was to be expected."

"And you helped him to stiffen it up again?"

"Well, I've always made it a rule not to fuck Warlocks," she said, "two powerful bodies like that - joined together - can do some serious damage - and it did of course."

"It did?"

"Yes - he died of a heart attack while I was giving him a blow job. I was trying to relieve his tensions," she explained and then paused as if trying to recapture the moment. "It doesn't have to be hard to cum that way," she smiled, "not like it does when it's in the vagina."

It was a medical fact that I was not aware of but I was pleased that grandpa had died happy.

"You're not a Warlock are you?" she asked.

"No - not as far as I know."

"Well just come around here, stand at the back of me and hold onto my tits, I will be able to tell for sure."

I was in such a hurry to respond to her request I tipped my chair over getting up from the table. My hands were shaking as I stood behind her and slipped them down the front of her dress. She didn't say a word as my palms paused over her protruding nipples. As I moved them in a circular motion I pressed closer against her back and I knew she could feel my throbbing dick pressing up against her.

Still facing the same direction and with my hands massaging her tits she asked me, without turning around,

"Would you like to fuck me Gareth?"

I couldn't answer for a few moments as my mouth had gone dry but after a big swallow I managed to hoarsely say, "O yes!"

She quickly ushered me upstairs and into the shower. When she took her dress off she wasn't wearing any underwear and my dick stood to attention like a four-star general.

"You can wash me down first," she said, handing me a big soapy sponge.

I'd once worked at a carwash and so I was not without experience. Soaping her all over I made sure that I got into all her cracks and occasionally she would moan as if I'd hit a sensitive erogenous zone.

In return, she washed my balls with that warm soapy sponge and then rinsed them off with the sprayer. She peeled back my foreskin with her fingertips and very gently cleaned it to perfection.

After rubbing each other down with towels it was time to try out the springs on that bed and she dashed over to it first and started to jump on it like a trampoline. Her tits were bouncing from side to side and her quim was twitching as if eagerly anticipating of my entry.

When she flopped onto the bed with her legs wide apart I just grabbed onto them, lifted them high and started to lick her cunt. I usually start at the tits but this seemed the moment to break with convention. I nuzzled my lips amongst her blonde pubic hair and I licked it from bottom to top, over and over again.

I wasn't sure whether she was moaning and shouting just to encourage me or whether she was in genuine ecstasy but when her body began to shake at 9 on the Richter Scale I assumed it was for real.

"Fuck me," she yelled, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

I lowered her legs, slipped my dick between her soft warm thighs and deep into her muff.

"O fuck," she yelled, "fuck me hard and cum inside of me."

I didn't need a second invitation I just started ramming it into her a mile a minute. It was hot and it was wet and it was a lot fucking hotter when I shot a big load up her cavity. She clamped her legs around my back and when she released me she dived onto my dick licking off the remaining cum before plunging it into her mouth.

With her fingers skillfully manipulating my balls and her lips sliding up and down my shaft it didn't take me long to shoot my second load. Later, after thoroughly sucking her nipples she jerked me off so that I came all over them. She rubbed the residue in with her hands as if it was some magic potion.

After all the activity she actually cooked me dinner and even though it was getting dark she kissed me sweetly on the lips and went out into the woods and back to her house. She visits me every few days and in-between those sessions I go into my grandpa's movie museum and try to invoke some of those gorgeous stars of yesteryear back to life. As I have had no success I assume I'm not destined to become a Warlock and Iceni seems quite happy with that.

The End.