 About Adam.

He is 30 years old.

His pheromone is an aphrodisiac. It only affects women.

His saliva causes a woman's mucus membranes to become more sensitive.

His pre cum causes a woman's vagina walls to become extra sensitive. It can cause an orgasm.

His sperm causes a woman to have a very intense orgasm. It also contains an enzyme that genetically slows the aging process in women.

His children are always males and they are breeders. 

Their sole purpose is to pass on their superior genes.

Their sperm causes intense orgasms.

It was 6:30 pm. In a deserted parking lot behind an office building in downtown Seattle, a crackling and buzzing can be heard. 

Out of thin air, a man materializes. 

He was dressed in an expensive looking business suit. He stands about 6 feet 5 inches tall. 

Wide shoulders, brown hair and steel colored eyes. 

He was holding a briefcase in his left hand. 

He slowly looked around, turns and walks around the building to the street.

He turns left and walks up the street to a pawn shop. He enters and walks up to the counter. 

"Good evening, what can I do for you?"

He opens his briefcase a take out a small bag. 

"I assume you buy gold coins?" 

He takes out ten gold Krugerrands. 

"I would like to sell these."

The employee looks at each coin with his loop and puts each one on his digital scale. He takes out his stone and tests each coin. 

He smiles and offers $8000. 

"Make that $9,000 and we have a deal. That will give you a good profit and with gold going up, it's a good deal."

The employee thinks a minute and agrees.

He walks out of the store and turns left and enters the next computer store he comes to. 

He heads to the electronics section and selects a prepaid cell phone, then picks out a laptop, and a mouse, walks to the cashier and pays. 

He stands on the corner waiting for a cab to roll by. He flags one down and instructs the driver to take him to the nearest hotel. 

He checks in and goes up to his room. He plugs in the laptop. While it's booting up, he takes a black box from his briefcase, He plugs the cord from the black box into the USB port. He types in a few lines of code and a new OS from the black box loads.

He starts hacking into various federal and state data bases and creates an identity for himself in the name of Adam Jensen. 

A slot opens in the black box and a Washington drivers license and a social security card pops out. 

He hacks into a Swiss bank, and opens an account in the amount of 10 million dollars. 

He creates a normal list of transactions for his account. 

He also creates a line of credit in that amount. He clicks on an icon, enters an amount and 10 million dollars in gold appears in the vault of the bank. 

The slot in the black box opens and a Visa card pops out.

He looks through several Real Estate data bases, enters some parameters and lets it search. 

A list of ten properties appears on the screen. 

He scrolls through the list and sees one called Mountain House. It's a resort that went bankrupt. It has deeded access to the nearest highway. The floor plan looks satisfactory. The listing price is 1.2 million dollars.

He opens Google Earth and enters the coordinates. He looks to see how far the nearest neighbors are from the property. 

It's 20 acres surrounded by Forest Service property. 

Satisfied with that, he sends an email to the real estate agent requesting an appointment to see the property.

The next morning, he wakes to the phone ringing. He makes an appointment with the real estate agent for later that day. 

The agent smells a good commission for this one. 

He leaves the hotel and takes a cab to the nearest car rental agency.

He has some time to kill so he stops at a little coffee shop in Renton. 

As he walks to the counter, he sees a strikingly beautiful waitress staring at him with her mouth hanging open. 

He sits down, and she walks over. She mumbles something and he smiles at her and orders a cup of coffee and a danish. 

She returns with a spoon, fork, napkin, a cup of coffee and a danish. He flashes her a big smile and thanks her. 

He carefully folds the napkin and puts it in his pocket. 

She returns 15 minutes later and tops off his coffee and asks, "Can I get you anything else?"

'Coffee, tea or me.'

"No, thanks, I just have time to make an appointment."

He leaves the coffee shop for his meeting with the real estate agent.

He meets the agent at the lodge, does a quick walk through. It looks perfect for his plans. 

They return to the real estate office. He arranges a wire transfer and closes the deal. He is now the proud owner of Mountain House. 

He returns to the hotel and goes up to his room. He takes another black box out of his briefcase, lays it on the table. He pushes on the top and a small port opens. He carefully takes the napkin out of his pocket and puts it in the port and closes it. 

The DNA sequencer scans for skin cells, finds some from the waitress, sequences them and a green light comes on.

Adam leans back, smiles and says. 

"Yes, my first one."

He spends the next few hours online, ordering furniture, some clothes, bedding, kitchen stuff and various other household items.

The next morning he heads up to Mountain House to meet with the delivery people. 

There is no electricity, so he fires up the generator and turns up the heat. 

While waiting, he wanders around, checking out each room. 

He finds what looks like it was an office. He sees a desk and some surveillance equipment, turns it on and sees that the property is well covered.

The delivery people arrive and he instructs them where to put everything. 

After they leave he drives to a local grocery store and buys a weeks supply of food and drink.

He drives home and stocks the kitchen.

He walks into the room with the surveillance equipment and decides it will work for an office. He sits at the desk and plugs in his laptop. 

While its booting up, he calls the power company and arranges to have the power turned on. 

He types in some code and a hears crackling and buzzing noise. 

A mainframe computer with various peripherals materializes. 

He hooks everything up and turns it on. 

He closes the laptop and puts it on a shelf behind him. 

He types in some code on the mainframe, and a large container materializes.

He opens it and takes out various pieces of electronic equipment, hooks it all up and plugs it in. 

He enters more code and the empty container disappears. 

He enters some code on the mainframe and it starts downloading data from the mother ship.

While the data is downloading, he goes into the kitchen and makes a light snack. 

He thinks through his plans for the waitress. 

He pulls her image from his photographic memory and smiles. 

She is a 25 year old beauty. About 5feet 2 inches, C cup, brown hair, brown eyes, a slender waist, and legs clear up to her ass.

He wakes up the next morning, gets up and heads for the bathroom. 

He showers and shaves. 

He dresses in a black pair of slacks, and white polo shirt and black loafers. He grabs a light windbreaker and heads out. 

He arrives at the coffee shop about 10am. 

The waitress sees him enter and smiles from ear to ear. He smiles back and takes a seat. 

"Hi, welcome back. Coffee and a danish?" 

He smiles and agrees. 

She brings his order and and he looks at her name tag. 

"Nice to see you again, Mary. My name is Adam." 

She feels all gooey inside. 

"Nice to see you again, too." 

She comes back later and tops off his coffee. 

"Anything else for you?" 

"Yes, as a matter of fact. I would like to meet you for dinner this evening. We can meet somewhere so you will feel safe."

'He asked me out, he asked me. I'm gonna cream my jeans.'

"I'd like that. Lets meet at the Olive Garden. There is one just down the street."

"Is 7 pm OK with you?"

"Perfect", Till then."

He gets up, goes to the register, adds a $2 tip, pays and walks out.

He mumbles to himself.

"Yes Yes,"

As she watches him leave, she thinks.

Yes yes

She notices her headlights are on. 

He drives home, goes in and makes a light lunch and takes it to his office. He spends the next few hours working on his computer.

On his way to his date, he stops off at a car dealer and picks out a three quarter ton 4X4 truck. He arranges a wire transfer. 

He leaves and returns the rental car, and takes a cab to pick up his new truck.

Mary gets off at 5pm, and drives home, grinning all the way. She is so stoked she can hardly get the key in the lock. 

She sits on the sofa and turns the TV on and starts surfing. She doesn't even see the TV. All she can think about is her date tonight.

"Oh crap. I don't have anything to wear."

She runs to her bedroom and spends 45 minutes pulling clothes out of her closet.

"Decisions, decisions."

Finally she decides on her tight black Levis, and a semi transparent white blouse. 2 inch black heels.

She runs into the bathroom and starts to fill the tub. Pours in some bubbly. 

She is so nervous she can't hardly think straight. 

The tub fills, and she strips off her clothes. She looks at herself in the mirror.

"Oh, I hope he likes me"

She slides into the tub and tries to relax. She lays her head back and thinks about her date with Adam. 

Her hands slide up to her breasts and she tweaks her nipples. She slides her hand down to her pussy and slides her finger in. 

She pretends it's his. 

Oh, that's nice.

She stops, realizing she doesn't have time to play. 

She shaves her legs and underarms. She rinses off, climbs out and drys herself. 

She goes into the bedroom and starts putting on her makeup. It takes her 20 minutes to get it to what she thinks is perfect. Not too much, not too little. 

She puts on her sexy thong, her black jeans and her heels. She grabs her bikini bra, stops and thinks naughty thoughts and tosses it away. Puts on her white blouse, and stands in front of the mirror. 

She can see her nipples through the blouse. She has more naughty thoughts. 

That will get his attention. 

She checks her make up, grabs a light jacket, her purse and heads out the door.

She walks into the Olive Garden and the hostess greets her. She tells her she is meeting someone for dinner. 

She sees Adam way in the back.

"There he is. Back there." 

She walks back toward Adam, noticing a lot of eyes on her swaying breasts. Adam's included. She gives him a big smile. 

He smiles back, stands and pulls out her chair. 

She catches his scent and her nipple perk a little, her pussy tingles and feels warm. 

"I'm so glad you made it, Mary, I thought you might think I was some kind of a weirdo and not show."

"You're so beautiful, I couldn't resist asking you to dinner."

She blushes and says: 

"You're not too bad yourself, big hunk." 

They both chuckle.

The waitress appears and Adam suggests a carafe of white zinfandel before dinner. 

The waitress brings the wine and pours two glasses. 

They have some idle chat. Adam tells her about the lodge he bought. She is impressed. She tells a little about her life. 

"There are two reasons I ask you here tonight. One is to have dinner with a beautiful lady, and two is to make you a job offer."

"What kind of job?"

"The job would require a commitment of 2 years. At the end of 2 years, you will be paid $500,000 and be on your way."

"You may think I'm some kind of a rich nut job, but hear me out."

"I am a member of a group of genetic scientists. There about 1000 of us in various countries. We have a plan to genetically advance humans. They will have an increase of about 10% in intelligence, mental abilities, physical abilities and in their immune system."

"I'm only a high school graduate, what would I have to offer? You guys are way smarter than I am."

"Don't underestimate yourself, dear. You are perfect for this job. I sequenced your DNA, and you are exactly what we need." 

"All you would have to do is bear 2 or 3 children and then you can be on your way, $500,000 richer." 

"All your needs and desires during that 2 years will be met?"

"Are you going to stick needles in me and make a zombie out of me, or something like that?"

"Of course not, I would never harm you."

She thinks for a few minutes.

"That's quite an offer, can I have some time to think about it?"

"You have till we finish dessert."

Mary's mind tries to get around the offer. "hmmm Pop out a couple of babies, and I'm on my to easy street. How can I turn that down?"

They order and enjoy a nice Olive Garden meal.

"Would you like some dessert?"

"No thanks, and I accept your offer."

"Wonderful, I'm so glad you accepted."

"Lets go to your house. We can pick up any personal mementos you might want to take."

"You won't need any clothes, make up of anything like that. We will provide everything. We will arrange for you household stuff to be put in storage. You can call your boss tomorrow and quit."

"You can call your friends and family and tell them you got a job offer you couldn't resist in Portland, and you will stay in touch."

"Ready to go?"

He takes her hand and leads her to his truck.

"What about my car?" 

She points it out.

"Let them tow it, it looks worn out."

"It is."

As they approach the truck, a grubby man steps out from behind an SUV.

Adam looks and sees a gun pointing at him.

Mary screams. 

"He has a gun."

"Nice truck you got there, give me the keys and all your money and I won't kill you."

Adam slowly pushes Mary behind him. 

With blinding speed, he grabs the mans wrist, paralyzing his hand. 

He slowly takes the gun and throws it under a nearby car.

"I don't think you want my truck, I just bought it and I like it."

The man drops to his knees in pain.

He lets go of the mans wrist and the man jumps up runs across the parking lot, holding his sore wrist.

Mary is standing there, paralyzed in fear.

"It's OK now. It's all over. Just relax."

He holds her till she stops shaking.

"OK now? Lets get out of here."

He helps her into the truck.

"Oh god that was frightening, I though he was going to kill us."

He climbs in and she scoots over next to him and snuggles against his arm.

She catches his scent again, and her nipples perk, her pussy twitches. 

She wants to stay close to him.

They stop by her apartment and Mary runs around grabbing stuff up. She digs a box out of her closet and puts everything in it.

"That's all I can think of. Lets get out of here."

They load her stuff in the passenger side and she climbs in on his side. He climbs in and she snuggles up against his arm again.

The arrive at Mountain House and as the headlights pass over the front. 

"Wow, what a nice house. It's so big."

They pull into the garage and he hops out and turns to help her out. She jumps into his arms for a hug.

He pulls her against him and she catches his scent and feels a bulge pressing against her stomach. Her pussy leaks a little moisture.

Leave your stuff here, we can sort it out in the morning.

They walk into the living room and there is a small lamp on by the fireplace. She looks around, and is very impressed. The walk over to the fireplace.

Adam tells her to sit while he starts a fire.

He gets some paper and kindling and starts a fire, tosses some larger wood on and has a roaring fire going in no time.

"Some wine, my dear?"

"I'll let you choose what kind."

He returns with some pink Chablis and pours two glasses. He hands her one, kisses her on the forehead and sits beside her on the sofa.

She can't resist snuggling up next to him. He puts his arm around her shoulders and she snuggles closer.

The sip their wine and chat a while. 

Adam finishes his wine and sets the glass on the coffee table. 

He lifts her chin and kisses her full on the mouth. She purrs and opens her lips to accept his tongue. He slides his tongue across her lips and then searches for her tongue. Their tongues meet and start a dance.

His saliva works on her mucus membrane in mouth. Her nipples swell up and her pussy fills with juice.

They suck on each others tongues and lips, getting hotter and hotter. He reaches down and cups her breast. She squeaks in pleasure.

He slowly unbuttons her blouse and she leans forward to help him take it off. He caresses her breasts, and she moans. He takes a nipple between his thumb and finger and twirls it. 

She growls and pushes her breasts out, wanting more. He twirls both nipples and she cries out. He leans down and takes her nipple in his mouth, twirling the other. 

Her pussy twitches and her juice is soaking into her pants. 

She grabs at Adam's shirt, trying to take it off. 

He leans forward and helps her.

She crawls on his lap, on her knees astride him and presses her hot breasts against his bare chest.

"Oh Adam, you feel so good against me. Hold me tighter."

They kiss feverishly and she grinds her pelvis against his bulge.

He lifts her and stands her in front of him and slowly opens her pants. He slides them down, with her thong. She steps out of them and stands before him in all her beauty.

Adam's mouth hang open and his eyes widen at the sight of her beauty.

She glows under his gaze. She puts her hands behind her neck and slowly sways her breasts for him to enjoy. She wants to show her body to him.

He reaches out and runs his finger through her pussy hair. Her hips twitch toward him. He slides his hand onto her pussy lips and inserts his finger. 

Her legs go weak and she humps his finger. Her pussy is so hot. He curls his finger up and finds her G spot. 

She cries out and she has an orgasm. 

She falls to her knees and grabs at Adams pants, trying to pull them off. She wants his cock, now. 

He lifts his hips and together they pull his pants off. His huge cock springs up, pointing at the ceiling.

Mary gasps at the sight of his huge cock. It,s a full 10 inches long.

"Oh my god. What a huge cock. I've never seen one that big. Holy crap."

She grabs it with both hands and leans over and kisses the head. It's so big she can't get it in her mouth.

Adam groans and twitches his hips up. 

She starts kissing and licking the head as it throbs in her hands. Her pussy juice is running down her legs as she plays with his cock.

Adam grabs her under her arms and lifts her, holding her just over this throbbing cock. He lets her down till just the head is touching her pussy lips.

She cries out as it touches her lips.

He flexes his cock and a little fluid leaks out. He mover her around, spreading the fluid. She screams as her pussy lips start grasping for his cock. He waits, enjoying her lips caressing his cock.

Finally he lets her drop on his cock, letting it stretch her lips apart, just the head going in.

"Oh oh oh It's feels so big. Easy, easy. It's going to split me in half. So big." 

She screams and cums on his cock.

"Oh god. Oh god. It feels so good. Its going in. Big. Big. Big cock. Oh oh oh Yes Yes Yes."

Her pussy lips start squeezing his cock head, driving both of them wild.

He flexes his cock again and a little more fluid leaks out coating her pussy. 

She screams again and has another orgasm. 

He lets her slowly slide onto his cock, leaking fluid as he enters her.

Her pussy is on fire. She slides down further on his cock, her pussy stretching to fit his huge cock. She screaming in constant orgasm. 

He stops when his cock reaches her cervix and he hugs her to his chest. 

She is crying out and panting against him. Her pelvis is twitching around uncontrollably.

"OH Adam, your cock feels so good in me. I feel so full. I've never had anything that big in me."
