 Cinderella

Ella stood outside her stepmother's room, listening to the creak of a bed frame and the slap of skin against skin, accompanied by the occasional shout or moan from her stepmother or the gentleman with her. She tried to cover her ears so she wouldn't have to listen, but it was no use, they were very loud.

Ella didn't like standing the bedroom listening to its inhabitants' fuck, but she had to stand there and wait for her stepmother to finish so she could bring them their breakfasts. She knew if she walked away and they found that Ella had returned their breakfast tray to the kitchen, her stepmother would have her whipped. Her poor bottom was still sore from her last beating; she didn't want another one while she was still so tender. 

Ella had not been born a servant, no, she was supposed to be the lady of this fine manor house, but when her beloved father died, the will that he had drafted had disappeared, and all of his possessions were passed to his widow. This left his one true daughter, Ella, under the care of the cruel Lady Maude, who had forced Ella into a life of servitude. 

Ella's thoughts were disrupted when she noticed that the sounds from inside the room had stopped, and she waited a few seconds before knocking on the door.

"Enter," her stepmother shouted, her voice shrill.

Ella walked into the room, staring down at the tray, knowing that her stepmother's friend wouldn't cover up just because a servant girl had walked in. She hurried over to a little table, putting the tray down quickly, trying not to notice the two naked figures watching her from the bed. 

"She's a pretty one Maude," the gentleman said lazily as Ella tried to make her escape, "We should invite her to join us some time," Ella winced, knowing that her stepmother wasn't going to like that.

"That chubby filth?" her stepmother shrieked, forcing a laugh, "She isn't worth our notice," She directed her attention back towards Ella and shouted, "Hurry up and leave you vile little thing!"

Ella gladly rushed out, closing the door firmly behind her. She wasn't surprised by her stepmother's weak insults, the Lady Maude was nothing if not jealous, and Ella's natural curves had been a sore subject for their entire acquaintance. Maude had tried to starve Ella to make her look skinny and less attractive, but Ella was so well endowed that it was nearly impossible to banish her curves. 

The Lady Maude and her two daughters, Raquel and Belinda, were all very lovely women, but their beauty was different from Ella's. 

Lady Maude was tall and lithe, with red hair and porcelain skin. She didn't have much in the way of hips or bosom and she resented Ella for having assets that she didn't posses.

Raquel and Belinda were also quite striking. Raquel was tall, like her mother, but had dark brown curls and freckles that spread across her face and shoulders. Unlike her mother, Raquel did posses some curves, but she had more of an athletic build from all of the time she spent riding and training horses. 

Belinda, on the other hand, had inherited her mother's red hair and pale skin, but not her physique. Belinda was short with curvy hips and a small bosom. 

Ella loved her stepsisters dearly, they were shy, sweet girls, who were unfortunately as much under their mother's control as Ella was. Both girls tried to lessen Ella's work load by keeping things tidy and mending their own clothes, but Lady Maude made enough work for Ella all by herself. 

Maude didn't even allow Ella her own room, instead forcing her to sleep by the cook fire in the kitchen. Ella woke up most days smeared with cinders, soot, and ash, earning herself the nickname of Ella the cinders girl or Cinders Ella. 

Ella truly hated her stepmother.

The only thing that kept Ella from trembling at the negative encounter with her stepmother just now was the thought of tomorrow night's Masquerade.

The Masquerade was a party that swept through the entire city, one glorious night in which all the people, noble and common wore masks to hide their identities and enjoyed music and revelry throughout the town.

The Masquerade was, in actuality, a festival begging the gods to bless the land with fertility. The people made offerings of themselves, dancing, drinking, and making love under the stars. It was said that the gods themselves took human form on the night of the Masquerade, joining in the love making of their devoted people. 

Not many women fell pregnant from the debaucheries of the Masquerade, and everyone said that it was because the only babes born of that night were those blessed or fathered by the gods themselves. Ella wasn't very superstitious, but she did think it was strange that more children didn't come from that night

In any case, if a woman gave birth to a child nine months after Masquerade she was not shunned as a promiscuous woman would normally be. The baby was treated with respect, and many people who were more superstitious would bring offerings to the babies, thinking them the children of gods. 

The only reason Ella had not been cast out of her home was because she herself had been a Masquerade baby, Lady Maude could not risk upsetting the god's by shunning one of their children. Ella knew that she was no god's child, however, because her parents had told her that they had met and fallen in love at the grand party, and had been with only each other the entire night.

It was so romantic, and this year Ella finally had a chance to go. With her stepsister's help, she had managed to scrape together enough coin to buy a simple costume for the party. She quivered with excitement at the thought.

The night of the Masquerade was warm and perfect. Ella waved goodbye to her Step family, trying to look sad, like she was disappointed that she couldn't go. Her stepsisters winked at her, then put on their masks and disappeared into the lantern-lit streets of the city. The Lady Maude left as well to seek out her gentleman friend, but did not spare Ella even a glance as she disappeared down the street.

As soon as Maude was gone, Ella raced upstairs and hastily threw on her costume. She grinned at the low cut black gown and matching black mask. She had chosen the simplest costume that's he could think of, Nix, goddess of the night. She put on her dark garments and skipped out of the house. Glad to finally be a part of the festivities.

When Ella reached the town square she was instantly swept up by the dancers. She joined in the wild dance, throwing herself on the mercy of fate. 

She was twirled from one dance partner to the next, men and women, young and old, nobles and commoners, all danced before her. She became dizzy and light headed from the feeling of freedom and the wine that provided for the dancers.

As the night wore on, more and more people began to break away from the crowd in the center of the town, dancing away down the streets to find spots under the stars to drink and be merry with their anonymous lovers. 

Ella found herself twirling and dancing in a cluster of the most beautiful men and women she had ever seen. They danced around her and with her, with uncanny grace, and before she knew it they were whisking Ella away with them. 

As they made their way down the streets Ella danced, but was distracted by the enticing sight of lovers draped over every surface.

She saw the miller's son bent over a woman who looked a great deal like the Duchess of Caldergy, and next to them three young women writhed together in the dirt. One of them, Ella knew, was the sheltered daughter of an Earl and she received her education in carnal pleasure from a plump milk maid and a tanned farmer's daughter. Down the street Ella noticed a wealthy wine merchant bouncing the inn keeper's wife on his lap while the large woman attempted to swallow the blacksmith's cock. 

On and on the revelries went. Ella saw almost everyone that she knew taking part in the debauchery. Ella and her companions slowed down from time to time to watch any particularly sensual displays, stroking each other and laughing in anticipation of the fun they themselves would soon be having. 

They stopped in front of a lovely garden, in which two young women were being entertained by three men each. Ella blushed when she realized that the women were her stepsisters. 

Belinda was being bounced between two men, her large ass making loud slapping sounds as she smashed herself onto the two cocks. Another man was standing above her jerking himself off until he spurted all over her small tits.

Raquel, ever the athlete, was hanging from one mans shoulders as he buried his face in her sloppy pussy and she was taking two other men in her mouth and with her hands. Upside down, her tits flopped every which way, smacking her in the chin when she choked on the cocks being stuffed down her throat.

Ella was incredibly jealous.

She clearly wasn't the only one.

After watching Ella's stepsisters, the crowd of beautiful youths around her became even more excited, licking at each others throats, hands groping at trouser strings and up skirts. In a frenzy of sexual energy, they ran down the streets until they reached the edge of the town. 

Ella struggled to tell one person from the next, but there was one man with shocking green eyes who never seemed to stray far from her side. She thought it rather funny that his costume was gold and yellow with a starburst mask, clearly meant to represent the sun, while she was dressed as the goddess of the night. 

She was drawn to the man, as he was to her. She kept feeling his hands brushing along the curve of her ass, or his arm circling gently around her waist to ensure that she didn't dance too far away from him. 

When their group, probably consisting of no more than twenty young men and women, got to the meadow that stretched towards the forest at the edge of the city, they stopped. All of them continued dancing and laughing in the flowery field, and somehow Ella could clearly hear music playing for them, even though they had left the players behind in the city.

Ella was drunk on wine, music, and lust so she didn't really care. She just continued to dance, sliding her body against the others around her, hands reaching out and stroking each other blindly. 

They all began to toss away their clothes, their dance becoming more frantic and erotic. The green eyed man, whom Ella had started to think of as the Sun, stripped off his shirt and pulled Ella backwards against his chest, unlacing her gown as he did so. A young woman, naked except for a sparkling butterfly mask, stepped forward to help remove Ella's clothing.

Ella moaned, sandwiched between the Sun and the Butterfly, articles of her clothing flying off her body every which way. When her enormous breasts bounced free of her corset, the Butterfly girl squealed in delight and bent her head to suck one of Ella's nipples into her mouth. The Sun grasped her other enormous tit in his hand, rolling her nipple between his fingers. 

She cried out in pleasure, leaning back against the Sun and he jerked her head back and thrust his tongue into her open mouth. As he devoured her mouth and massaged her breast, he continued to tug her skirt down her legs. Another girl joined them, this one wearing a mask of green leaves, and knelt to help the Sun remove Ella's skirt. 

The Leaf girl stayed on her knees, and yanked the Sun's pants off as well. Ella looked down, breaking their kiss to groan at the sight of his hard cock. The Leaf girl began to suck the Sun's dick, and the Sun turned Ella in his arms so he could move his lips to her breasts. The Butterfly, now without a tit in her mouth, dropped down onto her knees next to the Leaf. She shifted Ella's legs apart and dipped her tongue into her dripping pussy.

Ella shrieked in pleasure and the Sun put his mouth on hers, swallowing her screams. The Leaf and the Butterfly pinched each others tits and stroked each others pussies as they orally pleasured the couple above them. 

Ella was spinning through a cloud of ecstasy. It felt like there were hands all over her, stroking every inch of her body.

A writhing couple fell against the foursome, knocking the Leaf and the Butterfly's mouths off of Ella and the Sun. The two girls didn't seem to care, as they grabbed onto one another, biting and sucking on tits, scissoring and grinding, rolling in the dirt. 

Ella was only sad to see them go for a second, but was distracted by the couple who had bumped them, the man wore a Lion mask and the woman wore a mask made of Daisies. 

The woman in the Daisy mask was now clinging to Ella for support, as the Lion fucked her hard from behind. Ella swiveled so her ass was grinding against the Sun's cock and she wrapped her arms around the moaning Daisy, thrusting her tits into the woman's mouth. The Daisy began to bite and suck Ella's right nipple and the Lion reached around his lover to pinch her left one.

Now, feeling jealous of the Daisy, Ella reached behind herself, grabbing at the Sun who was busy rubbing his cock between her soft ass cheeks, his thumbs pressed into the dimples on her lower back. 

Once her hand found his hard cock, Ella shoved her hips back, positioning herself over his twitching fuck stick.

The Sun didn't need any more encouragement, he thrust forward so hard that the force of his cock head pounding into Ella's cervix threw her forward, her body slapping into the Daisy.

Ella and the Daisy clung to each other, twisting and writhing together as they were both mercilessly pounded from behind. Ella felt like she would die from the overwhelming pleasure as the Sun moved his hands to her shoulders, forcing her, repeatedly, down onto his huge dick. The friction was intense, Ella felt herself building towards an overwhelming orgasm. She started to scream obscenities, urging the Sun to fuck her harder.

"Oh gods! Fuck my tight little cunt hard!" she shrieked, thrusting backwards onto him. 

Her screams were silenced as the Daisy reached a hand down between Ella's legs and began to pinch her sensitive nubbin while the Lion grabbed Ella's hair and jerked her head forward so he could shove his tongue down her throat.

When the Sun grabbed her nipples and rolled them between his fingers, she exploded.

She came hard, stuffing her hand between the Daisies legs, grabbing the other girl's clit, forcing her to come with her. 

Ella and the Daisy shrieked as they climaxed, both squirting love juice onto each other. The Sun hooked his arms under Ella's knees, lifting her into the air so everyone could see her gushing pussy, clenched tight around his still thrusting cock. The Lion did the same with the Daisy and the two women, squealing and screaming, sprayed their pussy juices into the air, spurting like twin fountains. 

Everyone around them cheered the girls on, diving forward to lick them clean. 

Tongues lashed across Ella's body, lapping and sucking her pussy honey off of her legs and stomach where it had splashed upwards, propelled by the force of her intense orgasm. 

One of the men who was licking her stood and kissed her neck, he wore a mask made of braided vines.

"Have you ever had two men at once, Love?" the Sun asked, whispering in her ear. 

"I've had it in the pussy but never in the ass," she gasped, extremely excited by the thought.

"Hmm, I think you are going to like it," he replied, biting her ear lobe.

Still holding her knees, the Sun yanked her upwards and his cock popped out of her pussy. The people below them, still licking her, shrieked and moaned in delight, stuffing their tongues in her dripping hole. 

One of them started lapping at her pink asshole and another smeared her pussy juice backwards making her pink wink good and slippery, the Sun held her firmly above the insistent tongues, allowing them to get her nice and wet. 

The man in the Vine mask was now stroking his cock, watching Ella with hungry eyes. She reached out and grabbed him, pulling his mouth onto hers. 

While sucking on the Vine's tongue, she felt the people below her begin to shove fingers into her ass, stretching her open.

Ella squealed as the fingers forced her tortured asshole wider than it had ever been before. The other revelers laughed and cooed, complimenting her, telling her how pretty it was.

"Oh, look at it twitching! Its so pink and cute, it's winking at me!" one of the women squealed, pulling her fingers out of Ella's ass. 

The teasing made Ella hot but she wanted more, she squirmed, twisting her body in the Sun's grip. The Vine grabbed her around the waist, helping the Sun to hold her steady. And simultaneously both men began to push into her. 

The Vine slid into Ella's pussy quickly, making her eyes roll back in her head. He held still though, and didn't thrust, waiting for the Sun to finish inserting himself into Ella's lush backside.

It was slow, the penetration of her ass, even with all the stretching and licking that had been done to prepare her. 

Ella held her breath as pain and pleasure warred inside her, letting out a shout of satisfaction as the head of the Sun's cock popped past the clenching pink ring. 

"Relax your ass, darling. There's a good girl," The Sun panted, forcing himself slowly up her rear. 

"Oh, it hurts!" Ella squealed, "It feels so good but it hurts!" she clenched her butt, not sure if she was trying to hold him in or push him out.

"Open up, Love. I'll just put a little more in, just a little bit," he muttered, his voice strained. Ella whimpered but did what he said, relaxing her ass for him.

As soon as she unclenched, he slammed his dick upwards, burying at least half of it in her hot hole. She shrieked.

"Oh, ow! You said you were just going to put a little bit in!" she yelled, as tears of pain and pleasure leaked down her cheeks.

"I'm sorry, my sweet girl. You just feel so good. Fuck, I couldn't help myself," he cooed, kissing her tears away when she turned her head back towards him.

"I don't know if I can fit any more of it," she whined.

"Come on now, my darling, open up. I promise it will start to feel better soon," he whispered, licking and sucking her neck. 

"Ah! Ok!" Ella gasped, wanting both cocks inside her, despite the pain, "Yes, fuck. Do it now. Fuck me, both of you," she begged, letting her head fall back onto the Sun's shoulder, relaxing her ass again as he forced his cock up inside her and the Vine started to move slowly in her pussy. 

She moaned loudly, digging her fingers into the Vine's shoulders, turning her head and biting the Sun's neck. 

"Good, love, bite me as hard as you need," the Sun grunted, now almost all the way inside. He began to pull backwards, making Ella gasp, as the pain lessened and the pleasure increased. 

The Vine grabbed one of Ella's legs from the Sun, holding her up so the Sun could have a free hand. 

He reached down and rubbed at her clit, now thrusting slowly in and out of her ass. The Vine had increased his tempo and was pumping into her wildly. 

The Sun increased his tempo as well, now thrusting in sync with the Vine. Ella was never empty, as soon as one cock retreated, the other slammed forward, making her gasp and moan. 

She heard the Sun shout and felt her ass filling up with liquid heat. 

He shot his seed inside, making her shudder with each spurt and twitch of his cock. He pressed harder against her clitoris and Ella came again as well, shaking in ecstasy as his dick pulled free of her anus. 

The Vine dropped to his knees, dragging Ella down with him and pushed her onto her back. He continued to pound into her as she squirted all over his cock. The Sun kneeled next to Ella, and she reached out and grabbed him, pulling him to her so she could clean off his softening cock with her tongue.

As her orgasm ended the Vine pulled out, shouting and shooting hot cream onto her stomach, he lurched backwards and Ella lost sight of him in the crowd of tangled lovers. 
