 Snow White:

Snow White was not the most beautiful girl in the world. That's a ridiculous thing to say, especially when everyone has different concepts of beauty. 

Snow hated when people tried to flatter her with sweeping statements like that, and hearing the Idiot Prince claim that she was the "fairest in the land" had only made her like him even less. 

She thought to herself that perhaps she should ask him his name, it probably wasn't very nice to keep thinking of him as "the Idiot Prince," she didn't really care though.

She looked down at him from the secluded garden terrace where she had chosen to spend the afternoon. Nobody came to this part of the palace so she had been sure that he wouldn't find her. 

But lo and behold, there he was, down on one knee clutching his heart, praising her beauty and declaring his undying love for her.

"Oh shut up!" she groaned, before he had a chance to recite another ridiculous love poem, "you do NOT love me!"

"But fairest princess, I do indeed love you, for your beauty shines as bright as-," she cut him off again.

"I've really tried to be nice to you, but honestly, I'm not interested! Anyway, you came here to court the queen, not me, I haven't any interest in a man who is supposed to be marrying my stepmother," she said, disgusted by his advances. 

Her stepmother was beautiful, far more beautiful than she, many would say, and was currently looking to find a new husband to replace Snow's late father, who had died some five years earlier. Snow and her stepmother weren't close, but that didn't mean that Snow wanted to steal her love interests away from her. 

The Idiot Prince had arrived a week ago to meet the Queen but had been falling over Snow ever since he saw her sitting beside her stepmother's throne. 

The Queen was stunningly beautiful and Snow was quite pretty as well. Both of them had ample chests and round curvy hips, a testament to Snow's fathers taste for women, as Snow had inherited her curves from her mother, and it was common knowledge that the king had chosen both of his Queens for their bodies. 

Snow had no idea why the Prince had set his sights on her over her stepmother. How he could have taken her bored looks as encouragement, Snow had no idea, but he seemed to be under the impression that Snow was as infatuated with him as he was with her. The Queen was incredibly offended but had yet to ask the Idiot Prince to leave. Snow decided that if her stepmother wouldn't send him away then she would have to take the initiative.

"If you have no intention of marrying her Highness the Queen, then I encourage you to take your leave, for I will have nothing to do with you."

The Prince looked stricken, but bounded up the terrace steps and took Snow's hand all the same. 

"Please my love, don't be coy! We will be so very happy together when we leave this place!" he announced, holding onto Snows hand despite her efforts to pull away, "We shall not be bothered by your Evil Stepmother, that witch Queen cannot stop our love!"

Just as Snow had been about to kick him in the groin she heard an angry shout from behind them.

"EVIL STEPMOTHER?" the Queen shouted, walking out onto the terrace, her enormous breasts jiggling as she shook with furry. 

"First you steal away my suitor, and now I hear that you have polluted his mind with heinous lies!" her stepmother shrieked, somehow still managing to be sensuously beautiful despite her rage. 

Really, Snow had no idea what was wrong with the Idiot Prince, her Stepmother had every man (and some of the women) on the continent lusting after her. 

Snow opened her mouth to protest but before she could say anything the Queen raised a hand and a magically conjured length of silk covered Snow's mouth so she could not reply. 

"No, I will not hear any of your lies, you will be punished for this!" the Queen said. She turned to the Idiot Prince and waved a hand towards him, he disappeared in a puff of smoke, Snow guessed that he would find himself in a garbage heap or the middle of a swamp somewhere. She could only hope that her punishment would be more lenient. 

It seemed her hopes were misguided though, as the queen grabbed her by the arm and dragged her towards the edge of the gardens where the dark forest began. As they rounded a corner and drew level with the servant quarters, the Queen started calling for the huntsman, the servant that the Queen had take care of her evilest tasks. He was a large, cruel man, who had always watched Snow with a lecherous gleam in his eye

Snow wasn't exactly a perfect example of maidenly virtue, having slept with her fair share of servants and courtiers around the castle, but she had always stayed away from the huntsman, unnerved by the way he looked at her. 

The huntsman stepped forward, his eyes widening with surprise at the sight of the well-endowed Queen, dragging her almost as well-endowed step daughter towards him.

"Huntsman! I've seen that you admire the princess," the queen said sharply, "I want her gone from this palace, she is yours now. Take her away to whatever hovel you came from and don't bring her back." The queen threw Snow forward so she bumped against the huntsman, Snow recoiled as she noticed the growing bulge in his pants. 

She tried to protest, shaking her head and attempting to run and shout, but the huntsman held her in an iron grip and the cloth around her mouth continued to muffle her voice. The queen turned on her heel and trotted off in the opposite direction, only stopping to turn and give one final instruction. 

"I want you to leave now, I never want to see her again after the moment I turn my back this final time," she said, giving the princess one last glare and turning her back on her forever. The huntsman was afraid of the Queen, as everyone who knew her was, and dragged Snow away quickly, wanting to escape with his prize and do the Queen's bidding. 

The huntsman dragged her to the stable and threw her roughly onto a large horse, climbing into the saddle behind her. She tried to jump down and escape but the huntsman produced a length of rope and tied her hands together and to the pommel of the saddle. 

"Pretty, pretty," he mumbled to himself, groping Snow's large breasts as the horse began to race away from the palace grounds. Snow took deep breaths and tried to think of a plan. 

They had been on the road for an hour when the huntsman stopped the horse and jumped off, untying Snows hands and pulling her down with him.

"Hullo pretty princess, now that we are far away from the witchy Queen hows about you gives us a kiss," he crooned, pulling the gag from Snows mouth. She fought the urge to spit in his eye, having concocted a plan of escape that would require him to think she was willing. 

Keeping with the plan, she forced herself to kiss the revolting man back when he smashed his mouth against hers. 

"There's a good girly, if I put my cock in your mouth do you promise not to bite," he asked, holding her roughly by the hair, smelling her neck.

"I would love to suck your cock," she replied, trying not to reveal her revulsion at the thought, she looked around the woods and saw a pile of boulders a few yards away.

"Lets go over under those trees so we have privacy," she said pulling him with her to the shady trees next to the boulders. He went with her willingly, shocked by her apparent eagerness to suck him off. She turned and pulled him towards her, dropping to her knees in front of him when he had stepped into a suitable position.

She untied his pants and tried not to gag as his smelly cock bounced out. It was unremarkable as far as penises went, she had fucked many that were its approximate size and had never had any complaints, but those other cocks had been regularly washed, whereas his stunk worse than she thought possible. 

With difficulty she made herself smile up at him and stroke her hand up and down the filthy shaft. He stared down at her, unwilling to look away from the pretty girl stroking his dick. That wouldn't do, she needed him to close his eyes or look away! 

She reluctantly pressed her plump lips to his dick, gagging as she realized it tasted as bad as it smelled. But her efforts were rewarded when he groaned and threw his head back, closing his eyes. 

She lunged to the side of him and grabbed a large branch that she had kneeled next to. Before he could react she swung the branch into the backs of his knees, sweeping his legs out from under him. 

Her plan worked perfectly and he toppled backwards onto the pile of boulders, his head hitting them with a sharp crack. 

She didn't wait to see if he was injured, unconscious, or dead, but ran to the horse as quickly as she could. 

She vaulted into the saddle and urged the horse forward, galloping away from the huntsman. She didn't hear him try to follow her and she sighed in relief as she hurdled further into the darkness of the forest. 

Two days later Snow was miserably lost in the forest. The horse had run off when she had slept the first night and now she was cold, hungry, and alone. Her feet hurt from walking in circles, trying to find some sign of civilization. 

She collapsed from hunger, exhaustion, and fear, falling unconscious to the cold forest floor. 

When Snow woke up she was shocked to find herself warm. Her eyes flew open and she realized that she was in a very comfortable bed and she was not only warm, but also clean. Her filthy clothes had been removed and it seemed someone had given her a bath. 

"Oh, yer finally awake!" said a mans voice. She turned her head and saw a very handsome, black haired, bearded man walk into the small room where she was resting.

"Where am I?" she asked him, not recalling anything after her collapse.

"Welcome ta Dwarf Hollow," he said, "My name is Mac, I'm one of the dwarves who live here. There are seven of us in total. We found ya freezing out in the woods and brought ya back here to nurse ya back to health."

He was a cheerful man, with lively eyes. Her brain tried to process what he was saying.

"But dwarves are tiny men, the size of children, you aren't that small," she murmured, vaguely aware that she was being rude but not really caring that much.

"Dwarves are short, when ya stand up you'll see that most of us are about a half head shorter than you, but we aren't so very tiny as the stories would have ya believe," he replied, still cheerful despite her rude question.

She sat up, forgetting her nakedness and the blankets slid away from her huge tits, Mac's eyes widened and he stood, abruptly turning away. Before he could swivel out of her view she noticed an enormous bulge down one of his pant legs, growing bigger at the sight of her perfect cleavage. Her eyes must have been playing tricks on her, no man could possibly be as big as he had seemed!

"We found ya some clean clothes, we had ta throw yours out, they were filthy," he said, pointing to some dresses folded on a bench by the door, "We are going to get ya some food and put ya back ta rights," he assured her, still averting his eyes and leaving the room.

That night Snow met the other six men. She had dressed in one of the simple gowns they had gotten her and joined them for dinner. Mac introduced each man by name.

The oldest, with silver hair and beard was Alistair, followed by two shy young men who had very short beards named Oswald and Gavin. Next was a man with a shocking head of red hair and a red beard to match. He cheerfully told her that the only name he answered to was Red. Two more dwarves who looked almost identical with matching brown hair and beards were introduced as cousins, Kinley and Grady. 

All of the dwarves had pointed ears and were about a foot shorter than most men that she knew. They were also extremely muscular since they worked in mines during the day.

Snow decided to stay with the dwarves, she couldn't go home and the dwarves were more than happy to have her. She spent her days learning to cook from Mac and learning how to do other useful things from the other men. They all knew how to take care of everything for themselves, from hunting and growing food, to making their own clothes, they were all self sufficient. She admired them for that.

As the weeks moved on she became incredibly fond of her dwarf friends, who were always happy to help her with any little thing she needed. 

She couldn't forget that first conversation with Mac though, and how she had seen that massive bulge in his pants. She found herself staring at the dwarf's trousers, trying to see what they were hiding in there.

A few times she would let her dress gape open on purpose, and give one of them a view of her white, round, tits. She would watch with fascination as a bulge would grow in their pants, bigger than any she had ever seen before, but they never let her get more than a peek before they rushed off, giving some weak excuse for their abrupt exit. 

Gavin was the youngest, and was the easiest for Snow to tease. All she had to do was bend over so he could see the outline of her shapely ass in her thin dress, or accidently bump her breast against his shoulder, he always reacted the same way. He turned bright red, his massive package would start to grow and then he would turn and scurry away from her. 

After a month she couldn't stand it anymore. She was in a houseful of handsome mountain men who all seemed to be hung like horses, and nobody had even hinted at wanting to fuck her.

One night at dinner she decided to try to broach the subject.

"So... are there any lady dwarves?" she asked, during a lull in conversation. All of the little men looked over at her confused.

"Of course there are lady dwarves," Mac said, laughing a little at her question, "How else would men dwarves be born?"

She shrugged, "Why aren't there any lady dwarves here?" she asked them, trying to be causal.

"The mine we work is very rich, but is solely owned by a few dwarf families, by contract only members of those families can live by these mines and profit from their contents," Mac replied, "We are the children from those families, our parents are too old to mine and so they live in the dwarf villages, none of our families had girl children this generation and none of us have taken wives."

"But don't you like women?" she asked, surprised. 

"We do, but dwarves are very particular about their wives, none of us can marry until our families choose wives for us," Mac said with a shrug, he pointed towards the silver haired dwarf, "Alistair has been waiting forty years for his old mum to choose a girl for him."

"The old crone told me years ago that I'm dying alone, says she doesn't want a money grabber for a daughter-in-law, but unfortunately every dwarf loves money, she has yet to find a girl who doesn't!" Alistair laughed. The others laughed with him.

"No wonder you all get so hard around me," she muttered under her breath, Mac heard her and choked on his Ale, sputtering and coughing. 

"Are you alright," Snow asked, leaning forward and putting her hand on his leg, subtly trying to feel for the bulge. Mac jumped at her touch.

"Oh come on!" she groaned, "Somebody just show me already! I'm sick of trying to sneak peeks!"

"What are you getting on about lass?" Red grumbled, frowning at her.

"Do I really have to spell it out for you? I haven't exactly been subtle!" she cried, looking around at their blank stares, "looks like I'm just going to have to say it..."

She sighed and said bluntly, "I've noticed that you all have very large bulges in your pants that seem to grow when I'm around," she looked around the table.

The poor men looked horrified and they all began to stammer embarrassed apologies. She groaned.

"I don't want you to be sorry!" she said, "I want you to show them to me!" 

The dwarves froze, all of them staring at her wide eyed, mouths hanging open in shock. She reached behind her back and began unlacing her dress, figuring she would have to convince them that she was serious.

"I'm going to show you something of mine," she explained, slowly, trying to get through to them, "And I would love if you would return the favor and show me what you're hiding in those trousers of yours"

She stood up from the table and walked to the middle of the big common room. She dropped to her knees in the center of the rug and pulled down the front of her dress, letting her enormous breasts bounce free. 

She heard all seven dwarves gasp as she began to massage her tits in the middle of their living room. Gavin, the youngest dwarf who had always seemed the most excited by Snow, pushed away from the table and walked towards her. She clapped her hands in glee as she saw Kinley slowly begin to rise from the table as well. 

"Oh yay! I was so worried that you wouldn't come play with me," she cooed, crawling towards Gavin as he stepped up to her. She wasted no time grabbing the front of his pants and yanking them down, trying to be quick about it so he wouldn't have a chance to back out.

She yelped at his enormous fuck stick sprang free and smacked her in the face. She gasped at the sight of it. Kinley had come up next to Gavin and she rushed over to him and yanked his pants down as well, again, she was rewarded with a slap from an enormous cock. The other men all slowly made their way over, and one by one she yanked their pants down, shocked to find that every single one of them had at least 10 inches. 

"Oh my god, how is it even possible that you are all so big!" She gasped, reaching out and stroking her hands over the two closest to her. They shrugged.

"We are averaged sized for dwarves," Red replied, cautiously reaching a hand out towards her and stroking her silky black hair.

"If these are average then what is considered big?" she asked in awe. Red jerked his head back towards the table.

"Mac has the biggest I've ever seen," Red responded and Snow's head snapped up, noticing that Mac still sat at the table, his face red, trying not to make eye contact with her.

"Mac," she called, "Please come over here," 

He fidgeted but didn't budge. She decided to play with the six men that she had at the moment and try to convince Mac to come over later.

She yanked her dress the rest of the way off and tossed it aside. Still kneeling on the carpet she grabbed a dick in each hand then sucked the closest one into her mouth. She sucked and jerked her hands as fast as she could, not sure how she was going to play with all six of the giant cocked men around her. 

She noticed the three dwarves that weren't being pleasured by her get down on their knees and crawl closer to her. 

One of them pressed himself against her back, his hard dick resting in the crack of her ass, and reached around to stroke her wet pussy. The other two got to work on her breasts, each pinching and sucking her hard nipples. She couldn't tell who was behind her but she realized that the men that she was stroking with her hands were Alistair and Kinley, while Grady was in her mouth. 

She moaned around Grady's cock, gagging as he got more enthusiastic. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head onto his cock, she resisted for a second, not knowing if she could deep throat something so big, but she eventually gave in, letting him thrust into her throat until her pert little nose was pushing into the hairs at the base of his cock. 

She wiggled her tongue and he shouted, pulling back out of her mouth as he began to shoot his seed. Massive amounts of cum overflowed from her mouth onto her face and tits as he shot ropes of his cream onto her. She swallowed what was in her mouth and was about to let go of one of the cocks to wipe her face when she felt something pressing into her pussy. She looked down and saw that shy Gavin was in front of her, rubbing his cock head against her opening.
