 An Erotic Robot Girl Transformation Story

CRASH! BOOM! Z-Z-Z-ZAAAAAP!

"Damn it! Fuck! Crap! No, no, no, no, NO! AAGGGHHH! Goddamn piece of SHIT!"

THUNK! BAM! THOCK! Tik-tik-tik-tik-tik.

Looks like it's going to be another one of those days, Elektra mentally groaned. Miranda, genius engineer, expert on robotics, possible mad scientist, love of her life, was once again facing the trials and errors of reality not conforming to her scientific hypothesis. And making a lot of noise in the process. Too much for Elektra to get any sleep in any case.

"Guess I better go put out the fires," she mumbled as she pushed herself out of bed and flung the covers off. Pleasantly cool air hit her bare skin, but she paid it no mind. She reveled in the sensation on normal days, and she had a damsel to save on this one.

Elektra didn't bother to get dressed as she walked out of the bedroom completely naked, and proceeded down into the basement that served as her girlfriend's laboratory and workshop. She was a nudist and never wore clothing in the house anyway. It was a facet to her that many people found weird and perhaps even a little off-putting, which made it surprisingly hard for Elektra to land a steady relationship. Some found it distracting. Some were too embarrassed to let anyone know they had a girlfriend who took every opportunity she had to go without clothes. And others who did enjoy it didn't like the prospect of anyone else seeing their girl naked. It was aggravating. Thankfully, Miranda was one of the few who didn't mind Elektra's nudism at all. On the contrary, she enjoyed it immensely. Nothing soothed her often frayed nerves more than the sight of Elektra's caramel-colored skin or her large, heaving bosoms, which would fit neatly into a D-cup bra if she ever bothered to wear one.

Unfortunately, Miranda had her own issues that in turn made it hard for her to keep a steady relationship as well. Such as the occasional explosion that went off whenever one of her little experiments went awry. Or the high-decibel levels of frustration that would follow in short order. Which she demonstrated quite eagerly as Elektra opened the door.

"FUCKING HELL!" Miranda screamed, and there was another crashing sound, likely the result of her throwing something heavy into the wall.

"Baby?" said Elektra with genuine concerned. "What's going on down here?"

No answer.

"Is everything alright?" said the naked girl as she walked carefully down the steps, digging her toes anxiously into every stair they tread upon,

The only thing that greeted her was the gentle humming of machinery. The basement was a mass of metals and plastics, with computers and machines of all shapes and sizes lining the walls. A counter to the side was littered with various tools and robotic limbs in various states of disassembly. Some were even twitching slightly, which the nudist couldn't help but find disconcerting.

As Elektra descended the final step and her bare foot hit the cold floor, she finally heard a shift as a groggy voice finally spoke up. "What do you want?"

Elektra glanced in its direction, and over by a large cylindrical device laid the familiar form of her girlfriend. Her hair was as fiery as ever, if a tad frizzy from what had most definitely been an electric shock, and she was hunched over on the floor in a near fetal position. The naked girl immediately broke into a run to embrace her. "Oh god, Mira! Are you alright?" 

The woman stiffened as the nude girl hugged her, pressing her large breasts into her back, but otherwise sat still. "I'm fine, just peachy," she groused. "Everything in my life is great. Everything, that is, except for this fucking Prosthesis Assembler I've been trying to build!"

"That thing?" said Elektra as she looked up at the device. It was pretty big, tall enough for her to step inside, and illuminated by a soft blue light that glowed from within. "What's it doing?"

"Everything except what I want!" Miranda howled, slapping the floor like a temperamental child. "It'll generate a fully articulated limb, but not one that will respond to the bioelectric signals produced in...it won't produce anything that I can control! And half the time, the stupid machine won't even get the limb right. I've gotten a left hand, a backwards leg, a foot with middle fingers for toes, and..."

"Okay, I think I get the point," said Elektra, who really didn't want to hear her girlfriend go on a tirade. If she went too long, she'd stop speaking English and start ranting in techno jargon.

"It's like this damn thing doesn't understand elementary-level biology, no matter what I program into it," Miranda sighed.

Elektra wanted to tell her that maybe it was time to just let the project go. She had been working on it for months now, and over the past couple of weeks, it was really starting to stress Miranda out. But she knew better. This Prosthesis Assembler carried a lot of personal importance to the engineer, and nothing was ever going to convince her to back down from its invention. Not while she—

That line of thought suddenly reminded the nudist of something very important. Glancing down at her girlfriend's leg, she was treated to the sight of a tragically bent and broken mess of jagged metal. "Baby, your leg..."

"I know, I know, my prosthetic leg's broken," Miranda sighed. "I got so pissed off that I kicked it to pieces. Don't worry, I still have a spare. It's on the counter over there, if you want to get it for me."

"Of course," said Elektra as she pulled away to do as her girlfriend bid. It wasn't an unusual request; Miranda had been an amputee for as long as Elektra knew her. Taking off and putting on her limb was a simple matter of course for them both. The nudist didn't have the whole story and she never felt it was her place to ask, but many years ago, when Miranda was still a child, she needed to undergo an operation that required her right leg to be amputated from below the knee. Prosthetics naturally became a subject of keen interest for Miranda from that point on, and she hence made it her life goal to produce the greatest artificial limbs ever known to man. And it was through the field of robotics and nanotechnology that she hoped would allow her to do just that.

Until then, she would have to make do with the crude implements that medical technology had developed so far. Like the blade leg sitting on the counter. It wasn't much to look at: just a tube with a spring-loaded flat sheet of polymer bent into the rough approximation of a foot. It was ugly, but functional. Miranda could run to a degree and walk up and down the stairs easily enough. But it was no substitute for a flesh-and-blood foot with all its flexible toes.

"You're awfully tense," said the nude girl as she helped Miranda put it on. "I know this project of yours is stressful, but you're breaking more and more things in this lab. You've embedded some screwdrivers into the wall, nearly broke the door off its hinges with a monitor, smashed a hole into the floor over there, and now you've destroyed a prosthetic. You know there are better ways to relieve stress, babe. Better...funner ways." To demonstrate, she squeezed the sides of her breasts with her biceps, squishing them tantalizingly together and causing them to jut even farther out of her chest. It wasn't the most graceful attempt at seduction, but the circumstances didn't exactly permit her to do anything more sensual.

It was able to catch Miranda's attention nonetheless, whose eyes were quick to follow the shifting movements in those large, caramel-colored orbs of goodness. But after a moment of gawking, she could only sigh and shake her head. "I don't have the time for that and I'm really not in the mood. I have to pay a visit to my prosthetist and get another leg. You know I feel naked if I don't have a spare handy."

"You make being naked sound like a bad thing."

"You know what I mean, Lektra."

As she pulled away, Miranda added: "And before you ask, no, I can't quit this project and I can't take a break from it. I'm running out of time, and if I don't produce something soon, as in by the end of the week, I won't get my next grant. And then I can kiss all of this," she swept an arm around her to indicate she meant everything in the lab, "goodbye."

She trudged up the stairs without another word, her footsteps heavy and somber. And all Elektra could do was sit there on the basement floor feeling cold. The nudist ran a hand down her forehead. Things were getting worse everyday. The Prosthesis Assembler was a white whale for Miranda; each night, she obsessed over the damn thing, and each night she failed to make progress. She was barely eating, barely sleeping. She sure wasn't fucking either. And Elektra couldn't for the life of her figure out just what she could do to help, or if it was even worth it anymore.

No, she couldn't think like that. She banished that poisonous thought from her mind. Relationships had their ups and their downs, and it was no good to throw in the towel whenever things were on the decline. Elektra loved Miranda and would do anything for her. She just...had no idea how she could go about doing that. Or if she'd be able to pick her up once things finally came crashing down.

Assuming she can still love me if that happens.

Looking around at the mess the basement had turned into, Elektra decided that she could at least clean the place up. It wouldn't do for Miranda to work in a messy lab after all. So she wandered around, picking up the assorted pieces of broken machinery and depositing them into an empty crate, stepping lightly so as to avoid hurting her bare feet on something sharp. She couldn't help but shake her head at how much junk there was; her girlfriend really needed to learn to reign in her temper. Or at least clean up after herself.

If she just took off her clothes like I've suggested and work nude, she'd have a better time relaxing.

Not even the object of Miranda's obsession and ire was spared from the engineer's wrath. There seemed to be some loose bits of jagged metal and wire scattered in and around the Prosthesis Assembler that could have been vital components to the device for all Elektra knew, and a nearby computer console that she guessed was used to operate the machine was badly dinged up. It still seemed to be working, though; the monitor was on and it was displaying all kinds of readings that the naked girl could only guess the meaning of.

Elektra didn't know what the science was behind the Prosthesis Assembler or how it worked. She wasn't a scientist, engineer, roboticist, or madwoman like Miranda after all. What she did know was that it was supposed to scan a person's body and generate a prosthetic limb based on their size and weight. And it wouldn't be the usual contraption of metal and polymer that most prosthetics were made of; it would be a fully articulated robotic appendage shaped and assembled through advanced nanomachine technology that allowed for the full range of motion normally afforded to flesh and bone. Not only that, but these limbs would be fully integrated into one's nervous system, attached to the body's nerve endings that would allow the person to use them as though they were what they had been born with. Or at least, that was the gist of what she could glean from her girlfriend's often incoherent ramblings. The device sounded unbelievably cool regardless.

Unfortunately, it didn't seem to be working out. From what Elektra could gather, it still had a lot of bugs to iron out when it came to designing the limbs, and Miranda couldn't even get one thing to interface with the body correctly. Elektra didn't know why that was case, and neither did Miranda for that matter. And it was frustrating the poor woman like nothing else.

"I should probably put the stuff in the Assembler in a different crate," she said to herself. She didn't know what was junk and what was important, so it would probably be for the best to avoid mixing the Assembler stuff up with the other things.

Dragging an empty crate to the large cylinder, Elektra began to put all the assorted machinery into it, slowly and carefully so as to not break anything. Staring at the ethereal blue light emanating from the Assembler's interior, the nudist wondered if it was really safe to leave it on like that, but decided it was not worth fretting over. Of course it was safe; you were supposed to enter the chamber after all. And if she wanted to get rid of all the scrap, she'd have to go inside.

She supposed she should turn it off just to be on the safe side...but decided that was far more trouble than it was worth. Knowing how Miranda worked, even if the Assembler had an on/off switch, it would take an archeological dig just to find it.

Elektra stepped inside the Assembler's chamber and promptly came out with some wires, screws, circuit boards, and other flat bits of steel in her hands. As to be expected, absolutely nothing out of the ordinary happened. Going into the Prosthesis Assembler felt a bit like how the nudist imagined it would be to go inside a spaceship, but it was otherwise just acting like an ordinary inactive machine. After dropping the stuff off in the crate, she went into the Assembler again, took out more scrap, and came back out. She did this a few times until it looked like the chamber was completely empty.

"Is that everything?" she asked, stepping inside the Assembler one last time. Looked like it; the chamber appeared perfectly clean now. "Okay, then. Guess I'll go get something to eeeeaaaaaaa—!"

She slipped on her bare foot and rammed right into a wall, chest first. Bolts of pain rippled down her breasts from the impact. But before she could so much as utter a groan, she felt something, like a large, heavy button, sink into the wall, and a large metallic door suddenly slammed shut behind her.

"What's going on?" Elektra gasped, spinning around. Her heart thumped in her chest when she saw her exit was sealed off. She was trapped inside the Prosthesis Assembler!

"Assembler active, chamber full," said an electronic voice that resonated all around the chamber. "Beginning body scan."

"Wait, no, don't begin body scan!" cried Elektra as the machine began to hum louder. "This is a simple mistake. Let me out!"

The machine ignored her. A ring-like device appeared above her head and slowly spun its way down the height of the chamber, shining an intense blue light down the length of Elektra's bare naked body. For reasons she could not fathom, the nudist couldn't help but shiver as it moved, illuminating her every inch of exposed skin. It was like...it was like it was piercing her flesh and tickling her insides. It was one part terrifying, but also oddly pleasurable.

"Reading anatomy...checking epidermis...complete. Checking musculature...complete...checking skeletal structure...complete...checking nervous system..."

"Yes, yes, everything is complete!" shouted Elektra. "I am perfectly fine, I don't need any prosthetics, so just open the door already."

"Scanning complete. Beginning prosthetic assembly for..."

There was a pause, followed by a lot of humming and spinning rotors.

"Beginning prosthetic assembly for..."

It paused again.

"Beginning prosthetic assembly for..."

"Begin prosthetic assembly for WHAT?" shouted Elektra. When no answer came, she gave the door a frustrated kick. "Stupid machine, let me out already!"

"Beginning prosthetic assembly for...full body replacement."

"Huh?"

The chamber, which had been softly illuminated by a gentle shade of blue, suddenly turned to a fiery shade of red. Elektra felt her whole body go stiff as something forced her to stand completely upright, legs shoulder-width apart and arms at her side.

"What the hell?" As if by reflex, Elektra attempted to flex her arm. It was a no-go. Feeling panic start to rise in her chest, she tried to lift her leg. It stayed rooted to the ground. She tied to bend a knee, crouch onto the floor, and break into a run. Nothing worked. To her horror, Elektra realized she couldn't move! The machine was holding her in place through some unseen force, and the most she could do was pivot her neck, wiggle her toes, and lightly clench her butt. "No!"

Speaking of her butt...Elektra felt a chill run up the surface of her cheeks and down into the cleft between them. The sensation wasn't unpleasant, it was akin to a fan blowing cool air down there, but it was still utterly bizarre and unnerving. Nothing seemed to be physically touching her, but she could still feel...something in such a private and intimate place. It didn't stop there; the feeling of coldness started to rapidly expand to other parts of her body. It wrapped around her waist, slithered down her thighs, and crawled up the curve of her back and stomach. Before she knew it, every square inch of Elektra's naked skin from the neck down felt as if it was coated in a wafer-thin sheet of ice.

With great trepidation, she braved a look down to see what was happening. She very nearly gasped at the sight that greeted her. What could only be described as some sort of holographic cat suit made out of soft electric-blue light was hovering around, no, encasing her body. It bent and shifted, molding itself to match Elektra's every contour and curve. She could even trace the small nubs in the breasts that were clearly meant to imitate her currently erect nipples.

As the suit's shape finalized, parts of it began to solidify. What began as translucent light hardened into solid silvery metal, which began to break off into separate components so that it was no longer a one-piece steel jumpsuit, but a series of smaller shards meant to form a complete whole. Soon, Elektra found herself surrounded by dozens of thin sheets of metal, all designed and arranged to fit over and cover different parts of her anatomy. One for each thigh, each calf, each individual toe on her feet, as well as for her fingers, forearms, shoulders, and stomach. Heck, there were even a couple of hollowed out half-orbs for her breasts! Still, they hovered mere inches around Elektra, leaving the nudist to silently wonder just what it was they were supposed to do.

She got her answer after a few moments when an icy chill literally ran up her spine. Something long, thin, cold, and metallic was pressing itself into her back, nestling deeply into the indent and molding itself along her natural curves. It fit snugly into the crevice, almost as though it had been poured into it, and tapered off where it ended just above the cleft of her buttocks and below the base of her skull. Gravity dictated that it should have slipped off her form immediately, but the metal...thing stayed firmly attached. A full body shudder came over Elektra as a sharp tingling sensation ran its way up and down her entire spine, seemingly rattling her every vertebrae. She didn't know what it was, would have killed just to be able to look behind her to see what was happening, but she had the distinct impression that it was somehow digging into her flesh and connecting with her backbone. But that couldn't have been it. If it was, it would have hurt like hell!

Right?

Elektra didn't have enough time to ponder it before the chilly feelings on her feet suddenly sharpened, as though they were suddenly dunked in ice cold water. At least she could glance down and see what they were going through. She almost wished she didn't. Dozens, if not hundreds of silver plates were closing in around her; her feet were completely covered, each toe individually wrapped up in shiny grey metal. And soon enough, so were her ankles, her calves, and her thighs. The only areas of her body where skin was still visible was around her knees, so it looked likes he could still bend them and move. But unfortunately, that was the one thing she couldn't do.
