 For the next hour, Elektra did nothing but masturbate. She rubbed the inner folds of her synthetic vagina, pinched her erect metal nipples, ran her hands down every inch of her steel frame, and discovered more functions and capabilities that would enhance her sex life like never before. Had she been human, she would have lost count of the number of times she climaxed. However, she was not a human; she was a robot now, with a pinpoint-accurate inner clock and photographic memory that recorded every physical sensation she experienced with absolute precision. Which meant she knew she had climaxed 11 times already, and she was ready to climax at least a hundred more! 

"Oh god! Oh YES! YES! YES! YES!" 

So lost in her ecstasy, Elektra almost didn't notice when Miranda stepped into the room, sporting the blade leg she left with and the most stunned expression she ever put on. 

"What the!" she exclaimed, stumbling back in shock. "Who are you and what you...no, what are you?" 

Elektra stopped her rubbing and pushed herself up, giving her girlfriend a better upfront view of her naked mechanical form. "Don't you recognize me, babe?" she asked teasingly, offering a playful wink that looked more like the light in her optic was dimming. "It's me, Elektra. The love of your life." 

"E-Elektra?" Miranda stammered in a disbelieving tone. She tentatively approached, reaching a shaky hand out to touch the robotic woman before her. "How did...what is...oh god, Elektra, what happened to you?" 

Elektra simply shrugged. "I was just cleaning up the lab and stepped inside the Prosthesis Assembler. Something happened, I might have turned it on by accident or something, and before I knew it...I became this." To emphasize that point, Elektra tapped her chest with a fist. A metallic TING rang through the air. 

"My...Assembler did this? It actually did something? What did it do, cover you in a metal gimp suit?" 

Elektra merely shook her head. "No. It did more to me than that. It transformed me. Turned me...into a robot!" 

"A robot?" said Miranda. "You're kidding me! Please tell me you're joking!" 

"It's no joke, babe," said Elektra as she ran a hand down her girlfriend's cheek. Miranda stiffened at her contact. Her eyes were wide with curiosity and fear, but she couldn't resist leaning into it. "Go check your machine if you like." 

"I...guess I should." Miranda turned to exit the room, but not without taking Elektra's hand in her own first, likely without even realizing it. Or without realizing the fact that seeing a robot version of her girlfriend rubbing one off had gotten her hot. But Elektra could tell; her senses had improved considerably with her mechanization. She could see the blood rapidly gathering in her girlfriend's face, sense the accelerating palpitations in her heart, and most of all, smell the honeyed scent of female arousal in her loins. How a machine could smell, Elektra didn't know, but she'd take it anyway. Just like she would happily take the fact that her girlfriend was already in love with her new form, even if she wasn't ready to admit it yet. 

Hand in hand they ran, their footsteps leaving a trail of clicking and clanging sounds from both Miranda's prosthetic and Elektra's bare metal soles. They stopped when they reached the console in the lab, and Miranda examined the screen, which was absolutely flooded with untold amounts of data that hadn't been there before. 

"Oh my god," she breathed in a tone that denoted nothing short of absolute awe. "Oh my god! This is...this is incredible!" 

"What is it, honey?" said Elektra. 

"This is a full map of your entire physiology!" said Miranda. "Every part of your body, your limbs, your organs, even your brain chemistry...all of it has been scanned and recorded on this computer! Even now, it's running hundreds of algorithms simulating your natural bodily process. And this...wow! If I'm reading this correctly, it may even have your whole genome listed here!" 

Elektra let out a whistle. "Quite an impressive machine you built here." 

"I...think this might've been an accident. I removed, rearranged, and...percussively shifted a lot of components, which might've altered the programming, and..." She trailed off as she continued looking over more of the readouts displayed on the computer screen. 

"Mira? Is everything okay?" said the robot girl. 

"More than okay," said Miranda. "I think...I think I may have discovered what the Prosthesis Assembler was missing, and now that I'm looking at it, I'm starting to realize just how obvious it was! All this time, I was trying to teach the computer anatomy by having it scan and assemble one limb at a time. But that was wrong! Nothing in the human body operates in a vacuum; it's hundreds of systems and thousands of parts operating in tandem. I had it backwards from the beginning! What I really needed to do was give the computer a complete picture of the human body first, let its processes figure it out from there, and—" 

Elektra could feel a headache coming on with how much her central processing unit was buzzing. "Sweetie, you're rambling." 

"Sorry. What I mean to say is...the Assembler was somehow assigned to generate a prosthetic replacement for, well, your entire body. In order to accomplish that, it needed to scan absolutely everything about you. Not just your limbs, but your muscles, your organs, your nerves, everything required to make the human body tick. And by doing that, the computer gained a complete understanding of your anatomy far beyond whatever I could program into it. Based on the data it received, it was able to figure out how to replicate your physiology and all of its functions mechanically and digitally, and from there, it was all a matter of applying them directly onto you in the form of my nano-generated robotic technology. 

"And now that it fully understands human biology, yours specifically, and was able to generate an entire prosthetic replacement for your body, I think I can adjust it to fit into a more general model. If I can pull that off, I could...I could create limbs for all people!" Miranda began to rapidly type into the console, inputting new lines of code at a rate that would have been too fast for Elektra to keep up had she still been human. As she worked, she added: "No, not just limbs...I could create synthetic organs. New hearts, new kidneys...my god, the Assembler can even replicate the brain of all things. The brain! Do you know what this means?" 

"That you're about to get your grant after all?" said Elektra. 

"My grant?" Miranda sputtered as if that was the most preposterous thing she ever heard. "Lektra, honey...you may have single-handedly revolutionized medical technology!" Suddenly, she leaped up from the console and wrapped her robotic girlfriend up in a very tight hug. "You're so amazing, Lektra. I love you!" 

If her face wasn't made of metal, Elektra would have blushed a deep crimson. "Well, I...I'm glad to be at the forefront of such a technological revolution." 

Miranda's glee was very short-lived however. She pulled back with a concerned frown as she looked Elektra's metallic body up and down. "Unfortunately...I don't think there's any way to change you back, honey. There's not a drop of organic material left in you, and my nanotech can't produce organic cells. I...I'm sorry." 

Elektra just shrugged. "That's okay. As strange as it is, I don't really...mind this transformation. Being a robot feels...well, it actually feels really good. And I have a feeling I can make you feel good too." She pulled Miranda closer to her, stroking her wrists gently with her metallic fingers. The human woman tilted her head to the side in a questioning manner, which gave Elektra the chance to zone in on her ear and give it a nice, long, sensual lick. Like most of the rest of her body, her tongue was made of metal, but it was so extremely segmented that it was every bit as prehensile as an organic one. And while her mouth was dry from its lack of saliva, Elektra knew that her tongue was so smooth and so soothingly cold that it felt every bit as wet and slimy as the real thing. And judging by the sudden hitch in Miranda's breath and the stiffening of her form, it was heating her up. 

Detecting the sudden spike in arousal, Elektra licked her girlfriend again, pressed a metal hand into her breast, and squeezed softly. Even with the barrier of Miranda's shirt and bra in the way, her enhanced robotic sense of touch could still sense the hardened nipple underneath. 

"Did you like that?" she asked, lowering the volume of her voice so that it sounded like a husky whisper. 

Miranda nodded silently. 

"There are more things I can do with this robotic body of mine. Things that I've only just been learning about. Would you like to see them?" 

A bead of sweat started to run its way down Miranda's temple. "Uh, you know, I do have some work I should get to with my machine..." she mumbled, scratching her head nervously. 

"I'm your machine now!" said Elektra, scooping the roboticist up in her arms like she just married her. Elektra had been pretty athletic in her organic body, but even her muscles would most assuredly have wavered while they lifted a girl of Miranda's size up. But as a robot, her strength was greater than ever! If her rotors suffered any strain holding Miranda like this, she didn't detect it. That was good, because she had every intention of testing how much physical stress they could put up with right now. "And I need to be serviced!" 

With Miranda in her arms, Elektra rushed to their shared room at a speed that was unprecedented for both of them, and dropped the roboticist on the bed. The robot girl was upon her the millisecond she hit the cushion, straddling her waist and yanking her shirt off. 

Elektra was never one to take time undressing her partner. She was a nudist after all; the quicker the clothes came off, the better things would be. So it didn't take long for the shirt to be slipped off Miranda's body, and the scientist knew that there was no point in resisting. The skirt followed soon after; Miranda preferred those over pants since a prosthetic always made the latter a pain to put on and take off. Her medium-sized breasts jiggled as her bra just about flew away, and that left Miranda wearing only her panties and blade leg. 

RRRRIIIIPPPP! 

And in one swift movement, the blade leg was all she had on. 

"L-Lektra!" Miranda sputtered. 

"Whaaaaat?" Elektra said with feigned innocence. 

"You tore my panties off!" 

"You know I never cared for those things," said Elektra with a giggle. 

"But why? I know it's annoying to slip them off my fake leg, but you could have just taken that off first!" 

Whenever they made love, it was customary to remove Miranda's prosthetic to avoid damaging it or hurting Elektra. It was an annoyance for their sex life, since they couldn't really do any spur-of-the-moment type things like have it out against the wall or on kitchen table, but they made do. But now that things for Elektra had changed, she was starting to think it was high time for other things to follow suit. 

"Taking your leg off'll take too long," said the robot girl. "And besides, we don't need to do that anymore. Look at my body." For emphasis she tapped a fist on her metal frame. "Think your leg can hurt me like this?" 

"I guess not," said Miranda somewhat doubtfully. She shifted her eyes to the left, but before she could so much as utter another word of hesitation, Elektra smothered her lips with her own. The redheaded scientist could only let out a muffled gasp before the slick metal tongue slid inside and started exploring her mouth. 

If she had any fight in her, it left the very moment the robotic girl laid on top of her. Creamy delicate flesh jumped as it made contact with raw metal and black rubber, which Elektra couldn't help but murmur happily at. Miranda felt good against her steel frame. Squishy, but good. It flattened against the rigid metal that composed most of her body, seemingly melted into it and in doing so, further enveloped Elektra in the sensation that she was being embraced by the woman she loved. Miranda's fleshy stomach yielded to her synthetic one, her breasts flattened against Elektra's eternally frozen orbs, and the sensors around and within her groin could pick up the telltale signs of wet female arousal gathering within the human's lower lips. 

"You feel good," said Elektra, looking directly into the eyes of her lover, who was in turn staring back at her optics with equal parts trepidation and fascination. "I just want to roll your skin all over my chassis." 

"You can actually feel me?" said Miranda. 

Elektra nodded. "Mm-hmm. I may be a machine now, but I can feel everything, Mira. Your stomach pressing against mine. Your hot tongue lapping against my own. My erect nipples sinking into your boobs. I can even feel your hands roaming around my ass right now, trying to knead the girl-flesh that's no longer there. You can't squeeze them like you could before, but believe me, I can still feel them down there. And they are as good as ever." 

"It's so unreal," said Miranda in her dazed tone. "Your butt is so smooth, like it's been polished to a mirror sheen. And it's warm. Your whole body is warm, even though it's made of metal. How is that even possible?" 

"I don't know. I can just generate heat whenever I want, and wherever I choose. I don't even need to think about it; I just do it." 

"Amazing." 

"You haven't seen anything yet." 

With that, Elektra began to move. Slowly, she slid up and down Miranda's body, her glistening steel frame flowing like oil against her lover's creamy skin. Over and over again, the fleshy globes of Miranda's breasts were crushed flat against the rigid silver orbs of Elektra. And over and over again, she shuddered each time her girlfriend's rapidly hardening organic nipples slid against her breasts. There was no soft flesh for Miranda's breast to poke through anymore; with Elektra, they could only flatten or bend to the side, but it tickled and thrilled the robot girl all the same. Thanks to her touch receptors detecting every minute vibration in Miranda's body with every mammary pass-over she made, Elektra knew her redheaded lover felt the same way. 

Sometimes, Elektra did it while her body radiated a gentle heat from its inner coils, warming her lover up and spreading a lovely blush all over her skin that made her coo in pleasure. Other times, she would let her temperature drop like a rock until her chassis was as cold as ice. When she did that, Miranda would cry out and goose bumps would rise across every inch of her skin, tickling Elektra's receptors like nothing she ever experienced. 

Pulling herself nipple to nipple with her lover, prodding the erect pink nubs with her distended miniature pistons, Elektra looked deep into Miranda's eyes. They were half-closed in an expression of lust, but laser-focused on her glowing yellow optics. There was no fear to be found, no hesitation, only wonder at how such a marvel of engineering like Elektra could exist. And how she could look so strangely beautiful. 

Smiling, Elektra delivered a gentle kiss on Miranda's lips, which the engineer was only too happy to return. So she gave her another one, deeper than the last, and Miranda allowed her lips to be pried open so that she could taste that amazing literal silver tongue again. The robot girl obliged her. As she lolled it around in lazy circles, counting every individual tooth, she felt Miranda lay a hand on the back of her head, specifically on her "hair helmet." For a moment, Elektra felt a tinge of sadness when she realized she would never again get to enjoy the sensation of a woman's hand caressing her lovely locks. But she quickly shelved that regret into a more distant databank, for her new "hair" brought with it some brand new sensations. Not the least of which was the fact that she could now feel every gentle stroke of Miranda's hand on her "hair," something no human could ever experience. 

Gyrating her hips forward, Elektra jolted as she felt the nub of her synthetic clit make contact with her girlfriend's fleshy counterpart. It was brief, only about .67843 seconds, but it was enough to cause a storm of literal electricity to surge through her loins. She needed to feel that again, and judging by the lingering droplets of moisture clinging to her clit, Miranda did too. So she bucked again. And again. And again! And every time, the spark went off in her onahole, and if the twitching muscles in Miranda's face were anything to go by, she was feeling some sparks of her own as well. 

They needed to go further, come closer. So Elektra pushed herself up to a sitting position, took hold of Miranda's leg, the one with the blade foot, and lifted it in the air until it was nearly parallel with the robot girl's torso. In doing so, she pulled the human woman closer to her, between her splayed legs, where her synthetic pussy awaited. She grinned widely when Miranda's swollen clit mashed against her own, let out a tiny moan at low volume, and began to grind. 

She moved in slow, circular patterns, gentle enough so as to not hurt her lover, but with enough firmness to ensure both she and Miranda could feel one another. She moved in such a way that her clit rubbed against the full circumference of Miranda's, flaring up every nerve on its dampening surface, as well as on the pink walls of flesh around it. Miranda followed her movements, swaying her hips along with Elektra's to keep up, to make sure her clitoris was pressed firmly against her robotic lover's. And all the while, her eyes, hooded as they were, never left Miranda's optics, and neither did her blissful smile. 

Elektra decided now was the time to pick up the pace. She quickened her movements, rubbed herself harder against Miranda, clutched her leg even tighter and closer to her chest to better maintain her balance. And then she thrust her pelvis forward. Both women gasped as their insides squelched wetly together and their inner flames ignited. So they did it again. And again. And again, all to similar effect. 

"Ahhh, ohhh, mmmm!" Elektra's voice modulator produced breathy moans as electronic signals simulating the tingles of human pleasure sparked throughout her core. She especially enjoyed the sensation of her girlfriend's leg against her body, with the fleshy part sticking to her steel surface while her piston-nipple poked into the prosthetic. Sex as a machine was...something else entirely! 

But it wasn't just how Miranda felt on Elektra's body from the outside. It was how Miranda's insides felt that truly took her breath away, not that she had much reason to breathe anymore. Their vaginas were so much different now; hers was foamy and dry, but as it rubbed against Miranda's wet, velvety walls, it grew progressively wetter too. It was enough to make Elektra jolt. Miranda's essence was on her, in her, and she could feel it. Every drop, every rivulet dripping and steaming along her synthetic cunny walls. It was like nothing no organic woman could ever experience in her life. 

Not only that, but the enhanced sensors lining every millimeter of her womanhood seemed to give her a greater feel for the inner workings of Miranda. Through touch alone, she felt she could fully map her girlfriend's vagina, commit every fold and clenching muscle to her memory banks. Already a 3D model was forming in her head, and she could see how the muscles contracted and deformed with her movements, see how her dew sloshed and sprayed with every bit of pressure she applied. 

Sex as a machine...is awesome! 

"E-E-Elektra," moaned Miranda as she reached a hand up to squeeze her girlfriend's metal breast. Her fingers could no longer sink into the great mound, could no longer massage it, but they still felt so warm and heavenly on Elektra's sensitive steel. "Can you...feel that?" 
