 Did you feel me last night after I invited myself to your bed and you replied, laughingly, that I must have been reading your mind? Then you signed off, got ready for bed and slipped yourself between the sheets alone. Thinking. And as the sleep was overcoming you, I cleansed myself in a steaming bath with a mixture of chamomile and cinnamon.  The same mixture I drank as a tea while my body collected the heat, causing me to sweat the impurities from my pores. Afterwards, I lit a purification incense of Dragon's Blood and Cedar leaf tips, letting the smoke waft over me before preparing for the full moon ritual that I would time so that my Invocation to the Goddess would come at midnight, "the witching hour." 

Did you sense anything as, after the invocation, I slipped into a trance, letting my spirit fly to your room? Did you feel my spirit slip beside you, under the covers of your bed and did you feel my spirit intertwine with yours, doing a mating dance as, molding itself against your back, it took a little of your body heat to keep me warm? Did you feel my spirit, a little stronger now, lift your long shirt up a bit, sliding up the length of your back, caressing its way across your breasts, down to your stomach and groin and legs with my will, your spirit's consent and your own body's warmth? Like being a thin, comfortable glove, I've heard it said. Your body settled into my spirit as it surrounded you and you sighed in contentment. Did you begin to dream a pleasant dream, then, as I guided my spirit to act on my behalf, an unseen hand moving your hair back from your face toward your left ear, and unseen lips placing the most delicate of kisses on your neck?

Did you feel anything as my spirit thinned behind you and gently pushed you onto your back, increasing its weight on top of you, comfortably but firmly, encasing the whole of your body from the tips of your fingers to the bottoms of your feet? I caused my spirit to gently squeeze both of your breasts outward, ending at your hardening nipples. How beautiful they are, soft with large areole, lightly veined, bigger than a man's hand can encompass. Slowly my spirit guided your arms up over your head, extending them with your left hand resting on top of your right, as if you were stretching, your underarms showing to any other spirits watching that you hadn't shaved them in a couple of days. Carefully and slowly, my spirit guides your legs open, your slit coming into view as your outer lips begin to thicken and take on a slightly rosy hue. Do you remember feeling my spirit slightly increasing a passing pressure at the top of your pussy, like a breath of air, trying to further draw out your clit that was starting to show itself? Running pressure up the sides of your stomach to your ribcage and around and up your breasts, it became understood that things must move more quickly now; the spirit can only be away from its body but for so long. 

With your body properly yet comfortably in place now, my spirit begins to harden a bit more around where your legs join and at the rosy lips of your mouth. I decide to give you total fulfillment all at once in honor of the Goddess. Indeed, you shall become my bloodless sacrifice to her; to the pleasure of all three.

My spirit begins its journey into you as it spreads your pussy lips open, begins its pressure against the rosebud of your ass and, with a sweet, loving caress, gently opens your mouth. Your groan of pleasure and anticipation is carried to me, in my trance, and I am pleased. Do you remember? My spirit finally enters your canal, slides through your tight ring and rests on your tongue as it slowly increases its diameter and length inside you, so you do not become uncomfortable in your sleep.  Your body, though held in its position, is now familiar and happy with the loving and warm pressure of my spirit upon it. 

How you groaned as a sudden wash of juice flooded your open canal, dripping down and flowing into your open ass.  Your head arched back as you felt my spirit begin to take on the shape, length and width of my cock in all three of your openings while it continued to caress your breasts and flick across your clit.

Knowing my time is coming to an end, I cause my spirit to slide in and out of you at different intervals for your pussy, ass and mouth. My purpose, my sacrifice, and your pleasure is to be your orgasm. More quickly now, my spirit is pumping in and out of you. Your body cannot move except for your mouth, which has its lips wrapped around the spirit cock stuffing it, and your internal muscles which are starting to squeeze tight at every stroke my spirit makes into your dripping pussy and tight ass.

It does not take long, then. Do you remember? The waft of spirit across your extended clit, the pulling of your nipples and all of your holes filled at once?

With three grunts, a moan and a sudden scream, you cum, gushing fluid, as nothing is there to stop its exit and suddenly my spirit is gone, lightly brushing your forehead on its way back to me. Although your body tried to waken, your own spirit calmed you quickly and you fell back into a deep sleep.

Do you remember? Did you wonder why, when you woke up this morning, your fitted sheet was slightly damp? Did you wonder at the sweet aroma of your own pussy?