 "You want me to drink a potion without you telling me what it is?" Ergon asked skeptically. 

"Come on Ergon, you know that I wouldn't do anything to hurt you and besides, it would ruin the surprise if I told you first."

"Well maybe I'm just not that big on surprises," Ergon teased.

"Please Ergon, trust me, I think you'll like it."

"Why do I have the feeling that I'm going to regret this?" Ergon asked as he took the potion from Sarissa. 

He was about to drink it when she said, "Wait! You have to be naked."

"Oh now that's just so reassuring Sarissa. I can't think of a single potion that I've ever heard of that would require me to be naked to drink it."

"You don't have to be for any particular reason, I just want you to be," she replied, smiling sweetly, batting her eyes at him. Ergon just rolled his eyes in response, handed the phial back to Sarissa and removed his clothes. Then he took it back from her and gulped it down. 

At first, nothing happened. Then, Ergon started to feel an odd tingling sensation. It was one that he'd felt before. It took him a moment to recognize it, but then it hit him ... Polymorph!

He felt a very strange sensation in his cock at that point and glanced down. Two things struck him simultaneously and his emotions battled between horror and sheer disbelief. 

As he glanced down, he couldn't help but notice his cock shrinking! And whilst that was scary, the breasts that were suddenly sprouting from his chest had him severely disconcerted. He felt himself getting shorter, thinner and lighter and his shape was changing as well, his hips flaring. 

In a matter of a few brief moments it was over. He stood there for a moment, utterly stunned beyond reaction, staring at Sarissa as she stared back, the grin on her face all but splitting it in two!

Ergon walked over to the mirror and gasped when he saw Sarissa's face staring back at him. He lifted his hands and without really thinking about it, placed them on his newly grown breasts. At which point, he took quick stock of what had happened ... and played with them with a sudden fascination, squeezing and groping at himself. 

"Holy fuck Sarissa!" he said. 

"Wow, that was the freakiest thing that I've ever watched," she grinned, discarding her robe and moving to stand beside him. Ergon glanced from himself to Sarissa and back again and one thing was immediately apparent. Whilst Sarissa's pussy was shaved, his wasn't. Sarissa seemed to observe the same thing. "We should fix that," she said, taking his hand in hers and leading him into the bathroom. 

"Now the best thing is, I'm an expert at this," she grinned. She had Ergon stand beside the tub and lift one leg up to expose his pussy. Before she could even do anything, his hand found its way down to caress himself, his fingers gently exploring his new body.

"Just wait a little bit Ergon, alright?" Sarissa said as she picked up her wand. She whipped it about and muttered something that Ergon didn't quite catch and then started passing it through Ergon's pubes. As it touched them, they fell to the floor, leaving behind nice smooth skin. Within moments Sarissa and removed any trace of hair from Ergon's pussy. 

"Wow that's a neat spell," Ergon said as he admired his newly bald pussy. 

"Oh yes, I'll have to teach it to you at some point. Then you can tidy up your balls for me to suck on ... given the opportunity." She replied, grinning. She didn't give him much time to consider what was going on though before grabbing his hand and leading him back to the bedroom. She pushed him back on the bed and then moved over the top of him. 

Ergon looked up into the familiar face of his girlfriend as she lowered her face to his and kissed him. It was strange, Ergon thought. Although he'd kissed Sarissa plenty of times before, it was different with these new feminine lips than when he kissed her with his own. Then there was the fact that as she'd lowered herself down, her breasts were mashed against his own. It was an amazing feeling, one that he thoroughly enjoyed as four erect nipples pressed in against each other's soft flesh.

"Oh wow," Sarissa said as her tongue slipped from its entanglement with Ergon's and their lips parted. "That's so good. I think I like kissing myself."

"This is so freaking weird Sarissa," Ergon said, trying to take stock of what was happening. He was amazed at the sensations that he was feeling between his legs. He hadn't been touched himself there, but he was most certainly alive. Sarissa reached out with her hands and caressed Ergon's tits.

"Mmm, it feels so different kissing you like this," Sarissa said thoughtfully. Her hands shifted to her own and she squeezed them experimentally. "When I touch myself, I get the sensation through both my hands and my breasts, but when I do it to you, I only get it through my fingers. It's so cool!"

Ergon touched first his breasts and then Sarissa's just as she had done to him and agreed with her statement. 

"Now I'm going to make you feel so good, you might never want to be a boy again!" Sarissa said to him. She slithered down his body, pushing his knees apart until she was face to face with Ergon's pussy (or her own really). She ran her fingers lightly over its denuded skin and Ergon moaned at the contact. Sarissa had always thought that she had a pretty pussy, from what she'd been able to see in various mirrors, and getting to see it from such a different angle was a delight that she hadn't considered. It didn't revise her opinion either, she did in fact have a pretty pussy. Her outer lips were full and smooth and hid her neat inner lips nicely. She parted the outer lips to inspect Ergon more fully, her fingers finding the moisture that she knew coated her own pussy as well. She slipped a finger into Ergon's pussy and he sighed. He was propped up on his elbows, watching, trying to see what she was doing to him. The now slickened finger was withdrawn and Sarissa sucked on it, looking up at her own face on Ergon's body, enjoying the look of amazement. Then she ran her tongue up his slit and swirled it in a in a quick repetitive movement around his clit. 

Ergon's back arched off the bed at the intensity of the contact. How could such a little touch do so much to him? Then Sarissa started to lick and suck at his pussy with determined intent and Ergon lost all thought of anything else. If he thought that a blow job felt good, it was nothing compared with the utter ecstasy of Sarissa's tongue expertly lapping at and playing with his pussy. 

Ergon exploded with an orgasm and collapsed on the bed. Sarissa, grinning from where she lay, enjoyed the sight of the pussy clenching and unclenching before her, just as Ergon had when he'd made her cum with his tongue. 

"Oh my God!" Ergon said with Sarissa's voice some minutes later as she lay beside him, trailing her fingers lightly over his flesh, teasing the breasts and nipples, pulling at them occasionally. 

"I told you that you'd like it," Sarissa grinned. 

"Geez Sarissa, I can't believe you just had sex with, well, with yourself!" Ergon replied as his head still attempted to get a handle on what had just happened. "I mean, I had no idea you'd ever even thought of doing it with a girl and you've done it with me in your body!"

"Oh don't worry, I'm not finished yet," she said, moving over him again, this time turning herself so that she was presenting her pussy to Ergon as she began to gently lick at him again. Ergon took the hint and started to lick and lap at Sarissa's pussy. They entertained each other for some time until Sarissa had an orgasm and collapsed to one side of Ergon.

They again lay together, chatting and idly teasing the other's body. "Um, how long does this last again?" Ergon asked as sense started to kick in and make itself known.

"24 hours," Sarissa reminded him.

"Fuck, so what about classes?" Ergon asked. Sarissa grinned at him. "You'll just have to go along and be me," she said. Then her face suddenly turned serious. "But you can't go getting me into any trouble Ergon! You just have to sit down and shut up."

"Oh yeah, because you're always so quiet in class Miss 'answer every question that's ever asked'."

"Well, I can have a quiet day," Sarissa said quietly. Ergon laughed. "Um, I guess there's a few things that I'll have to tell you about so that you can get through the day too. And more importantly, through tonight, 'cause you'll have to be me in the girl's dorm."

Ergon's face lit up at that thought. He wondered just how much he might get to see once he was in there, assuming that this would actually work and he'd get past the protection. 

Ergon and Bartwaan, like countless other students before them had tried all sorts of ways to sneak a look into the girl's dorm, but none of them had ever been successful. Neither of them had thought of polymorph before though. 

"Well that just leaves one small problem," Ergon said, "What about me? What are we going to do to cover my absence?"

"Easy," Sarissa said, "I've got this!" and with that she produced another phial of potion. "I took the liberty of making up a Ergon Potter so that I can replace you for the night." 

Ergon suddenly felt very nervous. Sarissa saw the look that crossed his face and other than thinking how weird it was to see her own expression that way, said to Ergon, "Hey I feel the same way. At least this way, there's a little more trust, right? I won't make a fool of you and you don't make a fool of me."

"Fair enough," Ergon said. 

Sarissa and Ergon then proceeded to swap enough information that they thought that they would need to get through the next day. When she was satisfied that Ergon wouldn't make her look like too much of an idiot, she sent him on his way. It wasn't until after he'd left, dressed in Sarissa's clothes (he was rather turned on knowing that he was wearing her underwear) his head full of all of Sarissa's little instructions that he was trying to remember, that he realized that he'd missed out on the chance of seeing Sarissa turn into himself. 

"Oh well, I guess I'll see it when I turn back tomorrow," he thought, heading off for the girl's dorm, a spring in his step as he considered the possibilities. 

Ergon made his way to the girl's dorm, wondering if he was likely to be picked on at all like he might have been by some of the senior boys. He peeked into rooms that had their doors open as he went, hoping for a little glimpse of flesh or underwear or something as he sought out Sarissa's room. He was disappointed to find that despite what he'd imagined all these years, the girls weren't lounging around in their lingerie, but typically boring, comfortable sweat pants. 

Having found Sarissa's room, he made himself comfortable on her bed, grabbing a book and pretending to read it. Sarissa had insisted that today he shouldn't be socializing as her in the common room. He understood, because he hated to think what Sarissa would be like trying to be him as one of the guys. So he watched the time and waited for the part of the night that he considered held the best prospect of all for him; the shower. Inexorably, the time crawled towards the appointed hour and when it finally came, he almost leapt out of the bed, curious to know what he'd find once he was in there. 

He found Sarissa's bag that she kept all her shower things in (covered, as she'd described in pictures of rubber ducks!) and followed the directions that he'd memorized. 

When he got to the showers, he was disappointed to find that he was the only person there. Not another girl to be seen. He also noted that given the individual cubicles, there was little chance that anyone would be parading around in their birthday suits anyway. With a sigh, he entered the cubicle that Sarissa told him was the only one that she ever used and stripped out of Sarissa's clothing. 

He turned to lock the door and realized that as with the boy's showers, there wasn't one. After all, what good was a little lock on a door in a school where people could simply teleport to the other side if they chose to?

He turned the water on and then stepped under its cascade, taking the soap with him. At least this bit's fun, he thought to himself as he started to lather up, taking his time enjoying the sensation of playing with his breasts, teasing the nipples, squashing and pulling them. 

His hands drifted down to his pussy where he went to work, starting to pleasure himself in a way he'd never thought would have been possible. Just as he was starting to get really worked up, he heard the door to the cubicle opening. He snatched his hand away from his pussy, stammering, "I'm in here!"

The door continued to open and Ergon was surprised to see Venus enter the cubicle. He was even more surprised when she put a finger to her lips to quiet him as she slipped out of her robe. 

Venus had large, pendulous breasts and a thicker figure than Ergon would normally be attracted to. 

Venus said quietly, "thanks for the help with my assignment," and with that, pulled Ergon into her arms, her large tits mashed against Ergon's smaller ones. She thrust her lips against Ergon's and her tongue darted between them to caress and dance with his. Ergon enthusiastically returned the pleasure, allowing his hands to slide over the ample flesh of Venus's hips and buttocks as he felt his unfamiliar female body respond to the touch of the other girl. Part of him wondered at the experience even as it unfolded, struggling with the fact that his friend Sarissa would be engaged in such an activity, but by far he was over ruled by the lustful part of him that relished how alive Venus was making him feel.

Venus's hands closed over Ergon's breasts and squeezed them as her own slid down his body, across his stomach and over his bald mound until she was kneeling on the floor before him, her lips, teeth and tongue teasing at the hairless flesh all about his pussy. Ergon spread his legs and felt Venu's hand slide up his inner thigh, caressing him until her fingertips came in contact with his pussy. After the briefest and lightest of touches along his lips, he felt them parted as the fingers speared upward and into his vagina. 

Ergon bit down on his lip as he felt the fingers tease and play within him until they were withdrawn and replaced by an active and eager tongue, lapping and licking at him, stirring the juices that were now freely seeping from within him. Ergon found himself leaning into the pleasure, his back firmly pressed against the wall of the cubicle, hips thrust forward, his hands straying to play with his breasts, experimenting with pulling and pinching at the nipples, gasping with each spike of pleasure.

"Oh fuck," he moaned as Venus continued to lick him, with no sign of stopping until Ergon had reached climax. And sure enough, it wasn't until he was shaking against the wall, his pussy convulsing with pleasure that Venus stood up from the floor, taking a nipple in her mouth and sucking it hard before kissing him.

"Thanks again for the help," she said and stepped from under the flow of the water. Ergon stood mutely, not sure what was expected or what should be said as she wrapped herself in a towel, grabbed her clothes and slipped from the shower stall. 

Ergon waited until he felt that he could stand without his legs failing him before levering himself away from the wall and grabbing his towel to dry himself. "Just what sort of a deal did Sarissa have going on here?" he wondered. "Was this the only such arrangement that she had in place or did she have a harem of girls (and even maybe boys he suddenly thought) that might line up for help and pay in sexual favours?" He knew that the only way he'd find out would be to ask her. Something for tomorrow he decided. 

He slipped on the loose silk pjs that he'd been told to wear, enjoying the feel of the exotic cloth against his new female skin. He especially enjoyed the feel of the top against his nipples, which stood erectly against the caress of the fabric as he finally grabbed the remainder of the gear and returned to Sarissa's room. 

She shared the room with three other girls, Brandy and Edwina, the popular girls and Arathema who was almost as nerdy as Sarissa was herself. Ergon found that he was the first one in the room though and hopped into bed, positioning himself so that he could maximize his view of the room and pretend to be asleep, perhaps getting to see a little flesh in the process. 

Arathema was the first of the girls to appear and asked Sarissa quietly if she was asleep already. Ergon breathed deep and rhythmically and was pleased to see her move away from the bed towards her dresser. There were four bunks in the room, Sarissa having the lower of the one that she shared with Arathema and Brandy and Edwina sharing the other that rested against the wall opposite. . Each girl had a dresser and desk along the back wall of the room. 

Arathema pulled off the baggy top that she wore and the daggy t-shirt beneath it and Ergon peered intently, surprised to see that within the folds of her voluminous clothing hid quite a petite body. She wore a serviceable black cotton bra and when she pulled her over-sized jeans off, revealed a pair of matching cotton panties clinging nicely to a taut, pert little butt. She released her red hair from the untidy heap upon her head and Ergon was again surprised to see that it fell almost to the top of her panties. As she turned toward the bed, Ergon was forced to close his eyes and try to regulate his breathing not to give away the delight that he was experiencing in this voyeuristic little encounter. After a few moments, he dared to open one eye again and found that Arathema now wore a pair of cotton pants, decorated with books and was in the process of pulling on a matching top. For the briefest moment, Ergon had the perfect profile view of a pert, but small breast. His hand moved gently between his legs as he replayed that moment over and over, wishing that he'd been able to see more. It wasn't to be though, with Arathema getting climbing up the ladder and settling in the bed above him. He lay back and awaited a chance to see the other two girls.

-------------------

Sarissa drank the potion that she'd shown Ergon and waited naked before the mirror for it to start to take effect. She couldn't help but notice that she was grinning like a mad idiot at herself in the mirror as her body tingled, her breasts reducing, her waist widening out as her hips narrowed slightly. By far the strangest part though was watching as a cock and balls began to grow from where she was accustomed to seeing her vagina.

As soon as the process was complete, she lowered her hand to her dick and gave it an experimental tug. She grinned once again as it began to harden and grow as a result of the touch. Within moments, it was fully erect and her hand was pumping the shaft as she assessed the pleasure that it was causing in her body. 

She moved over to the dresser on the side of the room and extracted the lubricant, taking it to the bed and lying down before squirting some into her hand and sliding it over her dick.

"Ohh yes, that's MUCH better," she thought to herself as her hand slid up and down the length of her cock. She played around, trying out two hands, her left hand, squeezing the testicles, anything that she could think of until she could feel something building within herself. She realized that she must be about to cum and so pumped her hand up and down her cock even faster.

She could feel a tingling in her balls and was curling her toes when she felt a rush within herself and warm sticky cum ejected from the end of her dick to land over her hand and stomach. She kept pumping and her cock twitched several times, ejecting more cum until finally it subsided. She played around with the cum for a few moments before deciding that it was time to dress and go find out what went on in the boy's dorm.
