 "You know, its weird, but I'm kind of getting to like putting on girl's underwear," Ergon said as he pulled a pair of Sarissa's panties up over his freshly denuded pussy. "There's something sexy about it that guys just don't get to experience. I mean boxers just aren't sexy."

"I know what you mean," Sarissa said. "As much as there are times when I'd love to not put a bra on, it certainly makes me feel feminine when I do. She grabbed a pair of cotton panties and pulled them up, the cock she now possessed barely contained.

"What are you doing?" Ergon asked as he saw what she put on. "Well like you said, girl's underwear is much nicer, so I thought I'd wear it too."

"Hang on though, what if someone sees you wearing it? That's my body and reputation!"

"I know," Sarissa laughed, "That's one of the best things about this arrangement. When I'm you, I can get you into all sorts of trouble because I'm willing to do anything but you're all homophobic, so even when you're me, the last thing you'd do is offer some guy a blow job just to fuck me over."

"Fuck, that's just wrong!" Ergon said as he realised that Sarissa would be happy to suck off some guy's cock even in his body and what that meant for him.

"And even better than that, other than Venus, you don't even know which girls in this place are even into a bit of girl on girl fun, so you're screwed because you'd probably pick the wrong ones and not get anywhere!"

"Dude, that is so unfair," Ergon said dejectedly. "Of course, I could still get you a reputation of hitting on all the girls," he added.

Sarissa moved over to him and stroked her hand over his breast, teasing the hardening nipple. "yes but what's worse? Hitting on girls and getting a reputation for something most girls already know about me, or being known as the guy who begs to have his arse plundered and to suck the cock of every boy in school?" Ergon held up his hands, admitting defeat.

"Don't worry, I won't do anything to ruin you, this is too much fun," Sarissa said, bending her head to suck the nipple while her fingers teased Ergon's pussy through his panties. 

She pulled on the rest of Ergon's clothes over the panties and left him to continue dressing. Ergon fumbled with the bra for a few moments before finally settling it into place as he considered what he might be able to achieve in her body. Even if he wasn't prepared to fuck or suck a guy, he could flirt with them enough that they'd be pestering her, he considered. Then he thought about how bad the revenge could be and with a sigh decided that a trip to the girls' showers might be the day's destination.

------------------

Sarissa followed Luciana down the corridor, watching the way her arse sway back and forth in her school robe, the material swishing across what were clearly very pert buttocks. After a couple of corners and more corridors, Luciana turned around to stare at Sarissa.

"Is there something I can do for you Ergon?" she asked, hands planted firmly on her hips, her full lips pouting as she glared at him with her ice-blue eyes. They were in different houses and it was very rare for people to cross that boundary, especially Ricadore, Sarissa and Ergon's house and Escale, considered by Ricadore to be the most demented of the school houses.

"What do you mean?" Sarissa asked, feigning innocence.

"Look, you've been following me, so there must be something you want because you don't belong down here on this level. So tell me, what do you want."

"Ok, you caught me, what I want is to fuck you," Sarissa said. Luciana laughed. "What's so funny?" Sarissa demanded. 

"The fact that you think that's even a possibility. I can't believe the nerve of you ... a Ricadore toad wanting to have sex with a goddess like me," Luciana sneered, turning to walk away.

"I know what you like Luciana, and I have it," Sarissa replied. She smiled with satisfaction as Luciana turned around and closed the distance to where Sarissa stood. 

"Oh really?" she asked and reached out with her hand to grab at Ergon's crotch. Sarissa knew that she had her now. All the senior girls new that Luciana was a size queen and that she was one of the few girls that would date (well more like fuck rather than date) outside her own house in pursuit of the biggest cock she could find. Often she would boast of having slept with this boy or that and the size of their equipment. It had made some boys' reputations and hadn't helped a few others. Guys that thought they were well endowed longed for her to single them out, those that weren't sure steered clear. It was known that if you didn't have what she wanted, word would get out. 

Fortunately for Ergon, Sarissa had come prepared, engorging his organ before seeking out Luciana. She had a grin of satisfaction on her face when Luciana's eyes widened as she grasped the large girth of the cock that swung free beneath her robes. She'd at least done Ergon the favour of removing the panties she'd been wearing if for no other reason than the magically enhanced size not being containable by a girl's cotton bikini!

"Well just maybe you do," was all Luciana said before taking Sarissa's hand and leading her off to an empty class room. Sarissa followed happily. She'd had her eye on Luciana for a while and wanted to see her naked, but the opportunity hadn't presented itself. Being in different houses, they had little cross-over in the areas where such a chance would occur, but now she'd schemed a way to make it happen. She had no idea if Luciana was into girls or not, but figured at least this way she got to have her and just maybe she'd be able to sniff out whether she could do so as herself as well.

Luciana pushed Sarissa/Ergon up against the door that she'd closed, her hands going back to his robes to grab at his meat, fondling and tugging. "I can't believe I've never known about this," she said, her hands getting under his clothing to grasp at his flesh. She used both her hands to stroke him, commenting over and over about how glorious his cock felt. "Get it out for me," she begged, her hands releasing him long enough to pull her long black hair into a tight pony tail.

"Not unless you're naked," Sarissa said. 

"Fuck I don't have time for that, just get it out so I can suck you," Luciana replied, working his robe up his legs, one hand still tugging at the swollen organ. Sarissa pushed her back, causing Luciana to fall onto her butt on the floor from the squatting position she'd assumed in front of him. 

"Drop the robe Luciana," Sarissa demanded. 

"Well, aren't you quite the surprise," Luciana said from the floor, her eyes gleaming at the authority in Sarissa's voice. "Who knew that quiet little Ergon would man up so well?"

"Luciana, you have one chance at this," Sarissa said, realizing what was going to work here, "If you want it, drop the robe, otherwise, I'll find someone else to look after me." She had her cock grasped through her robes and its size was only too obvious. He saw Luciana grin and stand up, reaching behind her to undo her robe which was dropped to the floor moments later, leaving her standing in a bright red satin bra and matching thong.

"Very nice, now get that off too." Luciana again reached behind her, releasing the clasp of her bra and letting her full, round D cup breasts swing free, her nipples a deep pink, surrounded by large, dark areolas. She slid the thong off her wide hips to reveal a trimmed landing strip of cropped brown pubic hair.

Sarissa took in her full, curvaceous figure. It was everything that Sarissa had hoped it would be and she looked forward to fucking her with Ergon's cock and covering her in cum. Luciana, naked, now demanded that Ergon get his cock out so that she could enjoy it properly. "Get it out yourself," Sarissa replied, remaining where she was. Luciana smiled and advanced on Ergon, her hands going to his cock and grabbing it through his robe as if reassuring herself what she'd felt before was indeed real and not some trick before committing to going any further. Within moments her hands were busy disrobing him, stripping him naked. As she at last pulled the boxers he was wearing from his legs, she dropped to her knees, one hand wrapping around the generous cock before her, her mouth opening to stretch over the swelling head, sucking him into her mouth, pushing her head down as far as she could. 

Sarissa was surprised with just how much gusto Luciana started to suck her cock. She groaned as the sensation of the other girl's mouth descending down her cock traveled through the male organ. Luciana grabbed Sarissa's buttocks to get better leverage and opened her throat as she pulled herself toward the cock, swallowing and deep throating until her gag reflex kicked in and she choked.

"I guess you really like cock, huh?" Sarissa said with a smile as Luciana looked up at her, eyes watering. 

"Fuck yes, especially big cock like yours!" Luciana said before again attempting to swallow Sarissa's cock whole. 

"Then let me fuck you with it," Sarissa groaned. Luciana continued to noisily pump her head up and down the massive cock, saliva dripping from her mouth before turning around on her knees, dropping her hands to the floor and presenting him with her pussy and bum.

"Go ahead, fuck me. Fuck me hard Ergon," Luciana drawled. Sarissa knelt down behind her and rubbed the head of her cock, coated as it was with saliva against her pussy lips which proved to be plenty wet. Pushing firmly she slid her cock into the welcoming pussy, working it in quick deliberate strokes, pushing deeper with every thrust, Luciana begging for more and more, her hips grinding back in encouragement. 

"God yes, fuck me hard Ergon, fuck me with that monster cock!" Sarissa grabbed the other girl's hips and started slamming her cock in and out, turned on by the animalistic lust with which Luciana responded to the fucking. 

After a while of hard doggy style fucking, Luciana told Sarissa to lay down, telling her that she wanted to ride it. Sarissa lay on her back and Luciana mounted her, bouncing up and down frantically, her tits swinging and slapping together. Sarissa reached up to play with them, pulling hard on the other girl's nipples, loving the muted squeals, screams and grunts that Luciana produced as she continued to fuck herself up and down the massive cock.

Sarissa could feel the tension building in her still unfamiliar balls and knew that she wouldn't last much longer. She grabbed Luciana around her waist and manipulated her onto the floor before shoving her cock back in and fucking her in the missionary position, leaning over her, bending his head to suck and bite at her nipples as she thrust in again and again. "I'm going to fill you with hot cum Luciana," she groaned. "I'm going to dump my cum in your pussy!"

"Fuck yes, fill me! Squirt that cum in me Ergon!" Luciana demanded. With a couple of hard fast thrusts, Sarissa passed her limit and felt herself explode, sending one massive rope of cum after another into Luciana's cunt as she fiddled with her clit. 

"Oh fuck, there's so fucking much!" Luciana cried as she felt cum explode inside her womb over and over again. Her fingers brought her off too, and she started cumming around the cock in her pussy. 

Sarissa pulled her cock from Luciana's pussy and demanded that she clean it off, pulling her into a sitting position and stabbing her cock at her face. Luciana opened her mouth and sucked, slurping the last remnants of white goo from the cock even as she felt it oozing from her pussy, puddling on the floor. 

Satisfied that she was clean again, Sarissa moved to where her robes had been left and started dressing. Luciana stood up and cum kept dripping from her pussy, running down her leg. "Fucking hell Ergon, I've never seen so much cum in my life!" she said as she attempted to stop it from flowing anymore.

"Yeah, I do cum a lot, don't I," Sarissa laughed. Luciana pulled her panties on, cum quickly soaking them. She looked at the puddle on the floor, drawing Sarissa's gaze there as well. "Someone's gonna have fun cleaning that up!" she laughed, turning to leave the room even as Luciana struggled back into her robe. 

"Wait," Luciana called after her, but Sarissa just moved on, happy that she'd got what she wanted and quietly amazed at just how badly Luciana had let her treat her. "I should have fucked her up the arse," she thought as she began to plan what her next conquest might be. 

----------------------

"Hey wanna see what I can do?" Sarissa said to Ergon as they waited for the transformation to wear off.

"Why do I have the feeling this is going to freak me out?" Ergon laughed. 

"Oh come on, just because you're not very adventurous," Sarissa teased. She was sitting on a cushion on the floor in the supply room, back against the wall, naked. Picking up her wand, she made the requisite motions and said, "Engorgio," tapping it against her cock. Ergon watched it grow until Sarissa stopped it. It was huge.

"Now what?" Egon asked. 

"Watch," Sarissa said, a twinkle in her eye. She moved around a bit and started stroking her cock until it was nice and hard, then pointed it toward her face. It was big enough now that she was able to bend her head down and start sucking it into her mouth. 

"Oh that's just wrong!" Ergon said, disgusted as he watched Sarissa suck herself off in his body. Sarissa laughed at him and kept going, stroking the shaft of her cock with her hands and sucking expertly on the head as Ergon continued to express his revulsion, even though he seemed unable to stop himself from watching, nor his pussy from getting wet in response.

Sarissa kept working on herself until she could feel her balls contracting and tensioning before exploding into her own mouth, flooding it and overflowing back down the massive cock that she could just stretch her mouth over. 

"You're such a dirty whore!" Ergon said to Sarissa. 

"Well it's a pity you aren't otherwise you could help me clean this up," Sarissa laughed as she licked cum from her fingers. 

"Fuck no!" Ergon said, wondering if he may yet live to regret Sarissa having such a free reign with his body.

When she moved to the shower though, he went with her, letting her play with his female body, enjoying the sensations until they switched back even as they continued to play under the water. 

When they'd dressed and were about to leave, Sarissa said to Ergon, "Oh by the way, if some girl randomly wants to have you, you should probably make your cock this big," she advised as she demonstrated with her hands. "I'd hate to have established a reputation for you only to see you blow it."

Ergon was left to wonder just if any girls would randomly want to fuck him. Part of him was horrified at the thought, but a much bigger part of him considered how cool it would be if Sarissa had done all the ground work for him! --------------


Sarissa walked towards the Escale common room, disguised as she was in Luciana's skin. As she got there, one of the head boys met her. 

"A little late aren't we Luciana? You know we don't tolerate that." Now hurry up. He seized her by the elbow and guided her inside, taking her past the common room and down a stair case, deeper into the school. 

Sarissa glanced around the room that she found herself in. There were leather straps and manacles hanging from all manner of devices and girls and boys in various states of dress and restraint and she started to wonder what she'd managed to get herself in for, also suddenly very conscious of the fact that she had no idea what she was supposed to tolerate and when she would be able to push back.

"Get your kit off then," the boy told her, standing, waiting expectantly. "The lads will be here soon and you need to be ready seeing you've got the first half hour. Sarissa removed the robe that she was wearing and paused before removing any more.

"Come on, don't pretend like this is your first time, get it all off," the boy pressed. Sarissa removed more and more of her clothes until she stood naked in the room. She was conscious of the weight of Luciana's large breasts on her chest. The boy stepped up to her and reached out and seized them, copping a rough feel before indicating that she was to get into a box that he was standing next to. She glanced in and saw that it was empty.

"What are you waiting for, Christmas?" the boy asked. Sarissa remained silent and climbed into the box, noticing once she was inside that there was a hole in the side. There was a lid that the boy started to close, but to fit, Sarissa had to get down on her knees, her feet trapped against the back wall of the box. With the lid shut, there was only a dim light through the hole which was at face level. 

"Right, well since I'm here, I'll go first," she heard the boy say as a lock was clicked into place. Tentatively Sarissa tried the lid, but it wouldn't open. She turned from where she was looking at the seal of the box back to the dim light and was surprised to see that now there was a cock sticking through it!

Suddenly she realized what was happening. She was supposed to suck him off!

"Oh well, a cock's a cock," Sarissa thought to herself and given her inability to do much else, decided to enjoy herself. She opened her mouth and lowered it over the cock, sucking it hard and deep into her mouth, then working up and down the length, teasing with her tongue as she did. She could hear the moans of the boy outside the box as she continued to suck him over and over again. She continued to suck him until suddenly a spurt of cum ejected from his cock straight into her mouth. She swallowed reflexively until he was empty of sperm. The cock withdrew and Sarissa wiped the corners of her mouth. 

"The code word to get out today is Pustule," the boy said through the hole. "But remember, you can only use it in a real emergency."

"Pustule?" Sarissa repeated, checking whilst wondering what constituted an emergency. 

"That's right. Now be good and have fun you dirty slut," he added. Sarissa made herself as comfortable as she could in the box and was getting bored and annoyed when a cock was suddenly thrust into the glory hole in the side. It was larger than the first one and she grabbed it with her hand as she began to suck it, getting into the spirit of things and making the most of the opportunity. 

Again she sucked and played with the cock until it exploded in her mouth. This time some of it ran down over her naked tits as the guy shook with the intensity of his orgasm.

For the next hour, Sarissa's world was reduced to a succession of cocks and a what could have been a bucket full of cum. Cocks of all sizes and shapes were presented through the box's glory hole for her to suck and all of them remained poking at her until they unleashed their warm sticky goop into her mouth or down her front. Toward the end she simply couldn't bear the thought of swallowing any more man seed. 

She was turning the word pustule over in her mind when the box was opened and she was allowed to clamber out, cum all over her large tits and stomach, running down asf far as her pussy.

"Cleaners!" someone called as her eyes adjusted to the light in the room and she was stunned when two girls came over to her and began to clean the cum from her body ... with their mouths. She sighed as they began with her breasts, licking and sucking at them as they hoovered the man juice from her. She took the opportunity to glance around the room, surprised at the debauchery that she found there. 

There were boys and girls strapped to various tables and devices and they were all being taken advantage of by someone that wasn't restrained. She could see a boy strapped to a table, face down with his cock hanging through a hole. Two girls were beneath the table giggling with each other as they took it in turns to play with his stiff member, stroking and sucking, pulling at his balls. There was a girl suspended in chains from the roof, legs spread, a boy between them thrusting is cock enthusiastically into her pussy. 
