 Little Red Riding Hood and her twin sister, Scarlet skipped merrily through the forest, on their way to visit their ailing grandmother. The girls were eighteen years old, and both breathtakingly beautiful. 

The two sisters looked completely identical. Even their mother had trouble telling them apart at times, but their sweet Granny could always tell which girl was which.

The girls had jet black hair grown past their shoulders, and lovely, sparkling blue eyes. They even wore matching outfits - short, frilled dresses and long white stockings, with bright red hoods pinned around their necks.

"Ooooo, I can't wait to get to Granny's, Red! Do you think she'll be excited to see us?" Scarlet asked.

"Oh, I'm sure she will be, Sis!" Red replied. "She always seems to look forward to our visits! Look! There's her cottage now!"

She pointed to a small cabin up the road. It was nestled amongst the trees, with no other structure in sight. Granny lived alone, and her sweet granddaughters were often the only guests she ever received.

Red and Scarlet hurried to their grandmother's door and went inside.

"Granny?" Red called out as they stood in the small cottage's entryway. "We're here! Are you home?"

"Red? My sweet granddaughter? Is that you?" a frail voice called out.

"Yes, Granny! And I'm here too!" Scarlet answered.

"Oh! Wonderful! Please, come into the bedroom, my pets. I'm afraid I can't come to the door, but I so want to look upon your lovely faces!"

The twins followed the old woman's voice, and found her in bed with the covers pulled up to her chin. Granny smiled up at them through her spectacles from beneath a head of short, silvery grey hair.

Red and Scarlet approached her bedside, and each leaned forward in turn to give the old woman a sweet kiss on the lips.

"Are you not feeling well today?" Scarlet asked with concern, cupping a hand gently on her grandmother's cheek.

"Oh, it's nothing, Child. I'm feeling much better now that my little granddaughters are here to visit. Come into bed and cuddle with your old, lonely Granny."

The twins both grinned excitedly at the old woman's proposal, and quickly removed their red cloaks, letting them spill to the floor. They took their dresses off too, not wanting to get them wrinkled, which left them in nothing but their white, knee-high stockings. Granny smiled at the sight of her granddaughters' bare, nubile bodies.

Giggling mischievously, the girls crawled under the covers and snuggled tightly against either side of their grandmother. Red mewled excitedly as she felt warm skin pressed against her own. 

"Goodness, Granny!" she gasped. "You're naked! Aren't you afraid you'll catch a chill?"

"Not with two lovely girls to warm my bed tonight." the old woman purred, before pulling Red in for a hungry, open mouthed kiss. The two made out for several seconds, their tongues snaking together eagerly, before Red pulled back to take a breath.

"Ooooo... Granny... What wicked lips you have!" the girl moaned.

The old woman gave a lecherous grin. "The better to pleasure you with, my dear." she replied, before lunging in again, this time clamping her lips over Red's bare throat. She sucked at her granddaughter's flesh, causing the girl to let out a shuddering gasp.

After watching her grandmother lick and suck her sister's neck for a short time, Scarlet grew impatient, and pulled the old woman toward her. Granny was only too happy to oblige, and turned to her neglected grandchild, the two colliding in a wanton, incestuous kiss of their own.

Scarlet let out a muffled whimper as she sucked greedily on Granny's tongue. By now, hands were far from idle beneath the covers, the old woman's in particular. She groped and fondled each of her granddaughters, her fingers gliding over their warm, trembling bodies.

The girls were no less eager to fill their hands with their grandmother's soft, naked skin. As Scarlet and Granny made out passionately, Red squeezed the old woman's firm, supple breasts.

"Mmmm... Granny... What lovely tits you have!" she groaned.

Granny wrenched her swollen lips from Scarlet's, then, saliva dripping from their parting tongues. "The better to nurse you with, my dear."

The old woman grabbed Red by the back of the head, pushing her down to her chest. Red squealed, her lips parting just in time to take Granny's bare breast between them. She sucked eagerly on the old woman's hard pink nipple, sinking her teeth lightly into the rubbery flesh.

Granny sighed, leaning back against her pillow as her granddaughter covered her breasts in warm saliva. She looked up at Scarlet's sweet face. The girl was chewing on her bottom lip, watching her sister intently as she gorged herself on their grandmother's tit flesh.

"Don't let your sister have all the fun, Dear." Granny purred. She pulled the blanket off her remaining breast, presenting it to her other granddaughter. The suggestion was more than enough invitation for Scarlet, who immediately dove forward, matching her sister's eagerness as she engulfed Granny's unoccupied breast.

As the girls licked and sucked hungrily on their grandmother's tits, their hands roamed excitedly across her body. They moaned around her tender flesh, and could feel their hot young pussies growing moist between their stoking-clad legs.

As Red gorged herself on Granny's left breast, her hand travelled down between the old woman's legs. She quickly found what she was looking for, and was happy to find it fully erect and waiting for her small fingers to wrap tightly around it.

The cute brunette pulled her lips from Granny's nipple, leaving tiny bite marks around the areola. "Ooooo.... Granny! What a big, fat, sexy cock you have!" she mewled.

As she spoke, Red began to pump her little fist eagerly along the old woman's shaft. Granny smiled wickedly, her hips beginning to pump as she fucked herself back into her granddaughter's hand. 

"The better to fuck the shit out of the both of you with, my dear!" she exclaimed.

With that, Granny threw the covers away, revealing her body in all it's glory. A massive erection strained up from between her thighs, and beneath it a sodden pussy leaked copiously onto the bed. Granny was a hermaphrodite, and lived to fuck naughty little sex freaks like her gorgeous young granddaughters.

The twins both squealed with excitement as they gaped at their grandmother's hard on. It had been ages since either of them had seen it, and they were both drenched between their thighs with anticipation.

Red quickly slid down the old woman's body, wrapping her hot lips around Granny's fat purple cock head. She slurped at the spongy flesh with relish, while her fingers continued to pump along her grandmother's enormous shaft.

Granny moaned, thrusting herself up into her granddaughter's throat. Red's jaw stretched wider, and she gagged as she took the old woman's shaft all the way in. Spit dribbled from her straining lips as her throat muscles massaged Granny's swollen cock head.

The old woman purred, her fingers digging into her sweet girl's dark, tangled hair as she began to thrust hard against her face. Her wet cock slid in and out as she fucked Red's swollen lips with ever increasing need.

Scarlet began to move down as well, eager to join her sister and taste Granny's impressive manhood, but the old woman seized her arm. "No, my Dear." the old woman panted. "I want you up here. Be a good girl, and feed your old Granny a little something sweet."

Scarlet squealed excitedly, and scrambled up the bed and onto her knees. She straddled her grandmother's face, her juicy pussy hanging inches above the old woman's chin.

Granny grabbed the girl's ass with both hands and pulled her down, slicing her wicked tongue through Scarlet's hairless, gooey folds.

"Mmmm, Granny! That feels amazing!" the young brunette groaned. Her hips churned slowly as she ground against her grandmother's face. She grabbed hold of the headboard, almost losing her balance as hot waves of pleasure stabbed through her dripping cunt.

"That's it, Deary..." Granny purred between hungry licks. "Feed me that sweet honey of yours." She gripped her granddaughter firmly, her lips pursing tightly around her excited clit. As she sucked, Scarlet squealed again, her cunt oozing generously on the old woman's cheeks.

Scarlet was beginning to sweat as her body writhed atop her grandmother's face. Her perky breasts jiggled as she rocked back and forth, her nipples throbbing a bright reddish pink. Granny reached up to rake her fingers over them, and the girl whimpered desperately.

"Oh, fuck Granny! Your tongue feels s-s-soooo good!" she panted. It felt as if it were slicing right through her. It plunged deep inside her one minute, the next it was swiping through the length of her gash and circling her winking anal opening.

Granny seemed lost in the taste of her sexy grandchild. She groped at the girl's writhing flesh, and gorged herself shamelessly on her flowing juices. Just as Scarlet thought she may pass out, the old woman pulled back, her cheeks sticky with pussy cream.

"Scarlet, Darling..." her voice was husky with desire. Below them, Red's lips were sliding deliciously down the length of her shaft, the girl gagging herself repeatedly on her grandmother's length. "Granny w-w-wants another kind of drink from you now. Do you think you could oblige, Dear?"

Granny slid a hand over Scarlet's stomach and pressed firmly, squeezing the girl's sensitive bladder. 

"Oh, Granny!" the flushed teenager gasped. "Here, in the bed? Won't that leave a s-s-s-stain??"

Granny gave the girl's cunt another slobbery kiss before replying. "Never mind the sheets, Child. Just do as your grandmother asks." she pressed harder on Scarlet's stomach, and her granddaughter let out a shivering moan.

A hot trickle of piss began to dribble from the girl's swollen cunt lips, splashing on the older woman's cum slick chin. Granny opened her mouth eagerly, catching the salty fluid on her outstretched tongue.

Scarlet's eyes widened as she watched her grandmother swallow her hot piss. The stream from her cunt grew stronger, and she trembled as she saw it fill the old woman's gaping mouth.

Granny swallowed the first mouthful, but the tangy liquid continued to flow. Gurgling with excitement, she pulled her granddaughter's cunt down to her face again, clamping her open lips around it and drinking the fluid in lusty gulps.

Scarlet could feel the hot piss passing through her, and her grandmother's slithering tongue lashing against her inflamed pussy. The combined sensations made her adjust her grip on the headboard, leaning forward harder as her hips churned of their own accord.

Her piss was now flowing over her grandmother's cheeks, running down her face and seeping into the sheets below. Scarlet was beyond caring, however, her cunt grinding fiercely as she mashed it hard into Granny's face.

"Fuck, Granny! You lick my little cunny so good!!" she whimpered. "I'm going to cum! I'm going to... to.... Oooooooooo!!!!!"

Scarlet bucked wildly on top of Granny as her orgasm erupted. The tangy flavour of her piss on the old woman's tongue was joined by the sweeter taste of her flowing pussy cream.

Granny held her granddaughter tightly, gorging herself on the gooey cream and moaning between ravenous licks.

At this point, Red was beside herself with need. Watching her twin grind herself to orgasm on their grandmother's lips was just too much for the horny brunette. She climbed her way up Granny's body, straddling the old woman's hips, and began to push her needy cunt down over the old woman's throbbing cock.

The fat head of Granny's tool plunged inside, and both women grunted as their genitals converged. Red sat upright, her writhing body fully impaled on her grandmother's shaft.

Just as Scarlet was coming down from her orgasm, Red began to fuck herself on Granny's cock in earnest. The old woman's hands slid from Scarlet's body and down to grab at Red's, holding the girl's hips firmly as they bounced up and down with excitement.

When Scarlet slipped off her grandmother's face, Red leaned forward immediately. She plunged her tongue into Granny's mouth, tasting what remained of her sister's cum and piss. The two women groaned as they made out, their sweat soaked bodies smacking together as they churned their horny hips.

Scarlet was laying next to her rutting family members, watching them intently as her own excitement began to return. Licking her lips, she got back to her knees and moved behind her grinding twin sister.

Red's ass cheeks were spread wide as she straddled Granny's body, and her bright pink asshole stretched open, pointing straight up at her sister's face. Scarlet licked her lips before leaning forward and wriggling her warm tongue into the tight opening.

Red gasped as she felt her bum being invaded. She pushed herself up onto her hands, grinding her crack lewdly against her twin's face. Her tits jiggled as she thrust herself back, hanging enticingly above Granny's face.

The old woman licked her lips and craned her neck forward, slathering the younger woman's breasts with her tongue. She bathed the girl's blushing flesh with saliva, grunting as her cock continued to slam into the back of her granddaughter's swampy cunt.

Scarlet moaned as she enjoyed the flavour of her sister's sweaty bunghole. She breathed in deeply, savouring the aroma, and her hands plunged eagerly between her own sticky thighs. She rubbed her cunt raw as she ate her sister's ass, moaning with every hungry lick.

Red could feel her orgasm beginning to crest, and her thrusting grew more frantic. She straightened herself up again, balancing herself on Granny's cock and bouncing with growing need. Her body was dripping with sweat now. Her white stockings were stained with the salty fluid, still plastered to her sexy legs.

Scarlet kissed her way up her sister's back until she was kneeling next to the flushed brunette. She grabbed her twin's face and twisted it toward her, forcing her tongue into Red's panting mouth.

"Yes!" Granny groaned. "That's it, girls! I love to watch the two of you love each other. Kiss each other for your old Granny!"

Their grandmother's words spurred the sisters on, and they kissed deeply, their tongues stretching for the backs of each other's throats. They moaned as they ate each other's mouths, spit bubbling across their cheeks and dripping down to land on the searing flesh of their breasts.

Scarlet's hands wrapped around to squeeze her twin sister's tits. She felt Red's nipples cutting into her palms, and scraped the hard buds mercilessly in her grip.

Red was the first one to cum, her orgasm exploding suddenly from her flaring cunt. Pussy cream sprayed out around Granny's veiny cock, splashing the old woman's stomach as her granddaughter wailed with pleasure.

Scarlet held her sister tightly, and moved her hand to Red's clit, rubbing it furiously through her climax. The sensation increased her twin's pleasure, and the brunette trembled as she lost control of her body.

"YES!!" Red cried. "Fuck me, Granny!!! Fuck your granddaughter's hot little cunt!!"

Granny groaned, her cock pulsing as Red's pussy walls clamped tightly around it. She let out a hoarse grunt, her hands digging into her granddaughter's ass flesh, and threw her head back against the pillow as ropes of hot semen shot from her cock deep inside Red's molten cunt.

"Fuuuuuuck!!!" she groaned, her orgasm firing off like a canon, dousing the girl's insides.

Red could feel it too, and her own pleasure increased. Scarlet's teeth were clamped over her throat, her hand slapping her throbbing clit, and she was cumming harder than ever.

When the last of Granny's cum had finally been spilled, the old woman sank into the bed, panting for breath. Red was still churning her hips, but she too was beginning to calm, sinking tiredly into her twin sister's arms.

Scarlet, however, was hornier than ever, having just watched her sister and grandmother cum explosively. She pushed Red down onto the bed and crawled on top of her. She straddled Red's waist, and began to kiss her twin hungrily while humping her cum slick thigh.

Red was exhausted, but her sister's undulating body was renewing the burning fire in her cunt. She returned the brunette's kiss with increasing desire, until the two were making out furiously, their hot pussies grinding together.

Scarlet wrenched her lips from her sister's with a gasp, saliva dripping from her swollen lips. She scrambled around on top of her twin, until each of their faces was lined up with the other's pussy.

Red whimpered, pulling Scarlet's hips down to her lips, and ran her tongue through the girl's gooey snatch. Scarlet returned the favour by diving into Red's swollen cunt, lapping up the remnants of Granny's seed with obvious relish.

Their grandmother watched as the twins ate each other, and listened to the increasing sound of their muffled whimpers. Her cock was rock hard again, and she licked her lips as she grabbed it in both hands. The shaft was thick and hot, and she gave it a few quick strokes before climbing onto her knees.

She crawled up behind Scarlet, staring down at her granddaughter's taught young ass. The old woman let a string of saliva drip from her mouth, landing on the young brunette's glistening butt crack.

Scarlet shivered as the wetness made contact, and groaned as she felt it run down to her sensitive asshole. She continued to eat her sister ravenously, but spread her legs wider, inviting her grandmother's hungry stare.

Granny took her cock in her hand and lined it up with Scarlet's rectum. It was tight, but the old woman's strength was coming back to her, and she managed to force her thick head through the tiny entrance with relative ease.

Scarlet threw her head back, wailing as her asshole was stretched around Granny's massive girth. As she knelt trembling before her horny grandmother, Red lapped soothingly at her raw, pink pussy. 

The pleasure of her sister's licks made the brunette relax, and soon her asshole was like butter, eagerly welcoming Granny's shaft, inch by inch. 

The old woman grunted as she pressed herself forward. When Scarlet's head dipped down again to resume eating her twin's greasy cunt, Granny knew she could begin to thrust. She tried to start slowly, but before long, she was slamming her cock into Scarlet's throbbing sphincter with rapidly increasing ferocity.

For her part, Scarlet took Granny's cock like a champ, moaning with pleasure with every powerful thrust. She drooled on Red's cum soaked pussy, and lapped at it mindlessly as pleasure took over her body.

Red lay beneath her writhing sister, tonguing her flowing snatch as it slid across her flushed face. She could see Granny's pussy above her now, too, and reached up with one hand, shoving a finger inside.

"Oh, fuck!" Granny groaned, as she felt Red's fingers beginning to pump in her juicy snatch. "I forgot how wicked you girls could be!" She pumped her cock faster, driving it deeper inside Scarlet's bowels with every thrust.

This time, Scarlet was the first to cum, and her face twisted painfully as her pleasure erupted. 

"Oh, fuck!!! Fuck me with you're cock, Granny!!! Fuckmefuckmefuck MEEEEEE!!!!!"

She let out a frantic screech, her ass sucking greedily on Granny's shaft as it pounded her into ecstasy. The feel of Red's hot lips on her cunt only increased her pleasure, and she rewarded her sister with generous torrents of sweet pussy cream.

Red moaned as she lapped up her sister's delicious honey, and pumped her fingers faster in Granny's gooey tunnel. Her own pussy was growing hungry for it's release, too.

With her free hand, Red reached down, grabbing the back of Scarlet's head and shoving it harshly between her thighs. Even as she came, Scarlet understood her sister's need, and dutifully sucked and licked the girl's burning clit.
