 Two sisters, Hanna and Gretel, were walking alone one day, together in the woods. They had run away from home, and Hanna, the older and more dominant of the two, had decided to lead her sister into the forest. 

As the afternoon wore on, they made their way deeper and deeper along the winding trail, until neither girl could recognize their surroundings.

"I... I don't know if this was such a good idea, Sis..." Gretel stammered as she peered uneasily into the thick nest of trees that surrounded them. "It'll be dark soon. Where will we take shelter? Maybe we should go back."

Hanna whirled around angrily in response. "Go back?!? We left because our father wanted us out!! He was so desperate to rid himself of two extra mouths he was prepared to marry us off to any man that would take us!! But if you're so desperate to have some brute bust your cherry, by all means, go!"

She spun away again, and gave a start, then smiled. "I, for one, will be staying there tonight!" Hanna pointed to a small cottage she'd just spotted at the end of the trail they'd been following. She gave a triumphant laugh and headed toward it. Her nervous sister hesitated, but then quickly followed.

Both sisters looked very much alike, with long, curly blonde hair flowing past their shoulders. They were surprisingly beautiful compared to other girls in their village, but neither had taken to any of their suitors, and that had infuriated, and finally brought down the wrath of their gruff, penny pinching father. He was sick of feeding and sheltering them himself, and wanted nothing more than to see them both wed as soon as possible.

When they got closer to the cottage, they could see it was built out of rather unusual materials. "What is that?" Hanna wondered aloud. She reached out, breaking a piece off of one of the window panes easily, and brought it to her nose. 

"It smells... sweet!" She took a bite, and giggled with excitement. "Gingerbread!" She offered some to Gretel. 

The younger blonde hesitated, but she hadn't eaten for hours, and her stomach growled in complaint. She took a morsel and nibbled it tentatively. "It... it's delicious!" she cried. 

The hunger in her stomach was suddenly becoming more insistent. They had been walking all day, with barely anything to eat at all. Both sisters quickly turned back to the cottage and began to break off larger chunks, gobbling them up hungrily.

"Excuse me."

The sisters whirled around when they heard the stranger's voice. She was a lovely looking woman, a decade or so older than either of them. She wore a form fitting black gown that ended just below the knees. She also looked quite angry.

"I don't mean to intrude, but... that's my house you're eating!"

Gretel dropped the piece of siding she had clutched in her hands and Hanna blushed a deep crimson. "We're sorry, Miss!" the older of the two pleaded. "But we've been walking for hours, and we're both so hungry! We didn't mean any harm!"

Gretel nodded vigorously, cowering silently behind her sister.

The strange woman's glare seemed to soften, and she gave a heavy sigh. "Well, if you're so hungry, then come inside. I have food enough for both of you, and better you eat that than the roof over my head!"

Inside, the woman offered them each a piece of cake. "This is my own recipe. I hope you'll enjoy it." she said.

Both sisters accepted the offered pastry gladly, and began to eat. It was just as delicious as the gingerbread outside. After a few bites, however, both began to grow sleepy, and their exhaustion quickly overwhelmed them.

"Wha... what's hap... happening?" Hanna managed to stammer, before both of them collapsed unconscious to the floor.

------------------------------------

When next they woke, the sisters were in a different room. It was cold and dark, and the walls seemed to be made of stone in place of sugary treats. What's more, the girls were both naked, and shackled to the wall, a few feet apart from each other.

"Hanna?" Gretel whimpered, her eyes widening with fright. "What's happening???"

Before her sister could answer, the strange woman entered the room. Hanna glared up at her. "You put some kind of spell on us... Your... your a witch!" she spat.

The woman gave a nasty grin. "That's true, I won't deny it. But the two of you are thieves and vandals! I ask you, which is worse?"

To that, Hanna said nothing, but Gretel began to sob.

"Oh, there there, Child." the witch soothed, crouching next to the younger blonde. "I've brought another treat for you." From nowhere, she produced a small cupcake, and held it out to the girl.

"Don't take it!" Hanna yelled. "Don't take anything from that witch!"

Gretel sniffed back her tears, and her eyes locked onto the small treat in the woman's palm. She didn't know why, but she couldn't seem to resist taking it in her hand. Hanna's protests grew louder, but her little sister was deaf to them, and she took a generous bite.

No sooner had she swallowed, then she began to feel strange inside. She dropped what was left of the cupcake, and her hands flew between her legs.

"What's happening?!?" Hanna cried with concern. "What have you done to her?!?"

The witch only laughed, and took a step back to watch. Gretel was gasping for breath, her hands holding tightly to her little mound. She gave a grunt, and when her hands fell away, Hanna gave a horrified gasp.

A long, fat cock had sprouted from the top of Gretel's cute little pussy. It was fully erect, it's shaft covered in thick blue veins, and it's bulbous head swollen and purple. No sooner had Gretel moved her hands away than she put them back, gripping the heavy cock and stroking it desperately. It was so big, her fingers couldn't even wrap fully around it.

Gretel groaned, unable to control herself. She masturbated vigorously, not caring that the witch and her sister were watching.

The witch seemed satisfied with her creation. She stepped forward, producing a key and unlocking Gretel's chains. "Now, my dear," she said. "That cock of your's needs a nice tight pussy to fuck, and I know just the one."

They both turned to look at Hanna, and Gretel chewed at her bottom lip.

"No! Sis, please!" Hanna cried. She tried to crawl away, but her chains kept her from getting very far.

A slave to her urges, Gretel moved to her sister, grabbing her hard by the hips. Hanna felt the cock head graze her opening from behind, and gave a terrified shiver. She struggled as best she could, but Gretel's grip was firm, and soon her fat member was pressing hard into the older girl's snatch.

Hanna gasped as she was gradually filled. Despite her horror at being fucked by her baby sister, the feel of Gretel's warm cock had already made her wet. Her juices made the way in smoother, and soon she felt the fat head pushing against the back of her womb.

"Oh, Hanna..." Gretel moaned. She began to stroke her older sister's hips. "You feel so... so warm inside!"

She pulled back slightly, and slammed in again, harder and faster this time. Hanna grunted with discomfort, but she deny that she had liked it. A small amount of blood was beginning to leak down the inside of her thigh, but despite that, she'd felt barely any pain.

If anything, it felt right to have Gretel's massive cock inside her, and she found herself wriggling desperately, eager to feel the younger girl's thrust again.

"P-p-please... Sis... F-f-f-fuck me! I... I need it!" she stammered, embarrassed, but unable to deny her arousal any longer.

Her begging made Gretel moan again, and she began to work her cock in and out of her big sister's dripping folds. Hanna threw her head back and cried out with pleasure. Her shackles clattered around her ankles as she pumped her hips back wantonly into Gretel's powerful thrusts.

The older blonde had closed her eyes as she enjoyed her sister's pounding, but at the sound of the witch's laughter she slowly pried them open. 

The older woman stood in front of her with her hands on her hips. She'd stripped out of her dress as well, and stood naked in front of her prisoners. Between her legs swung an enormous, rigid cock, even larger than her sister, Gretel's.

"Like what you see, Thief?" she asked, with more than a hint of cruelty in her voice. She grabbed Hanna by the hair and sank to her knees, plunging her swollen cock into the frightened girl's gaping mouth.

Hanna whimpered weakly in protest, but soon gave in to the witch's dominance, sucking desperately on her impressive shaft. The fat head of the woman's cock stabbed into the back of her throat, but she took it all in as best she could, gagging on every thrust and coating the length of it in a thick layer of saliva.

Gretel, meanwhile, seemed oblivious to the invasion of her sister's throat. Her eyes were focused instead on her own cock where it disappeared again and again up Hanna's cunt. Every thrust gave it a new sheen of glistening pussy cream, and the older girl's cunt felt like warm, smooth velvet.

The young blonde gripped her sister's ass, squeezing the flesh tightly as she fucked her without mercy. The skin rippled along Hanna's butt cheeks as she slammed back into Gretel's hips over and over again.

Hanna's pussy was on fire as Gretel's fat cock tore her open. She let out muffled whimpers around the witch's pulsing girth. Being pinned between the two women as they fucked her had her on fire. Her body humped back and forth desperately, and sweat dripped from her glistening flesh.

"Ooooooo, Hanna..." Gretel rasped. Her breathing had grown laboured, and curls of blonde hair were hanging tangled in her face. Her brow was damp with perspiration, and she licked her dry lips as she pumped her hips. "I love your hot... f-f-fucking... pussy!!"

Gretel leaned forward, pressing her perky tits into her sister's back from behind. She reached beneath Hanna's chest and started to pull and twist the older girl's nipples.

The sensation made Hanna squeal, and a gob of spit dribbled from her chin. She was slurping eagerly on the witch's cock now, finding she loved the taste and feel of it in her throat - almost as much as she loved having Gretel's shaft pounding in her cunt. 

Gretel's hands massaged her sister's hanging breasts. She loved the feel of them... the feel of Hanna's whole sexy, feminine body, in fact. As she fucked her willing sister, she decided that sex with women was the only kind she would ever want to have again.

Hanna had reached a similar conclusion. She had never gotten excited by any of the boys in her village, but Gretel and the witch both had her pussy creaming with desire. She found herself incredibly excited by their sweet, feminine curves, even as their hard shafts pummelled themselves inside her. The feel of Gretel's breasts pressing firmly into her back, though, made the hard sex feel even better. It was the perfect combination!

The witch had been laughing cruelly as she slammed her cock into Hanna, but now she had grown quiet. Her pleasure was steadily building, and she was giving herself over completely to the sensation. Her large breasts bounced on her chest as she pushed her cock into Hanna's sweet little mouth over and over again.

She was surprised by the skill the young blonde was showing. Her tongue seemed to be running all over her sensitive member, and she could feel her legs quivering beneath her. The witch had been sure she would be the last to give out, but it looked as if she would be the first.

Sure enough, the older woman felt her orgasm quickly beginning to build. She grunted, her fingers digging tightly in Hanna's tangled hair as the first rope of semen shot through her searing shaft.

Hanna gagged in surprise as the hot liquid splashed against the back of her throat, but the taste made her suck all the harder. The witch groaned, prying her cock forcibly out of the girl's hungry lips so she could fire the rest of her seed all over her sweet, innocent face.

Hanna shuddered, basking in the spray of her captor's cum. It coated her face and clung to her hair until there was so much it dripped from her supple skin. She ran her tongue slowly over her lips and groaned as she enjoyed the salty flavour.

At the same time, Gretel was pounding her cock faster up Hanna's gaping snatch. The two sisters were pumping wildly now, their damp skin smacking with every desperate thrust.

The witch sat back on her heels, gasping for breath as she watched the girls erupt simultaneously, both of them bucking with shocking ferocity as their orgasms exploded.

Gretel clung to her older sister, pressing her body hard down on top of Hanna as she convulsed in unbridled ecstasy. Her cock spewed generous ropes of cum up into the older girl's womb.

Hanna, for her part, felt her pussy contract around Gretel's still pistoning shaft. She gripped it tightly in her cum slick folds as her cunt juice splattered around it, soaking both of them from the waist down.

"FUCK ME!! YES, GRETEL!! FUCK YOUR SISTER!!" she wailed.

Gretel squealed in response, biting down on Hanna's shoulder blade as she slammed herself into the older girl with blazing ferocity.

Once their fluids had been expelled and their pleasure began to fade, Gretel eased herself back, falling on her knees and pulling her drained cock from Hanna's mangled pussy.

The older sister let out a shuddering sigh and sank onto the dungeon floor. Her legs twitched and her pussy radiated heat as it gaped open between them.

By now, the witch had recovered from her own mind blowing climax. She leaned forward, taking Hanna by the chin and lifting her gently from the floor. She tilted it up and grinned down at the panting blonde.

"Now," she said. "How would you like to return the favour to your sweet sister?" The older woman produced another cupcake and held it before the blonde's cum-soaked face.

Hanna chewed her lip and her nostrils flared with excitement. Still trembling from her recent tryst, she reached for the offered morsel, and bit into it's flaky crust without hesitation.

The witch grinned again, and found her key, unlocking the older sister's shackle as well.

Hanna groaned, her hands flying to her throbbing pussy. In moments, she sported a thick red shaft of her own, and her head swam with uncontrollable lust. She turned to face her little sister, and the witch gave another wicked laugh.

Gretel eyed Hanna's cock with nervous excitement. She chewed her lip and stuck her chest out invitingly toward her sister. The sight made Hanna's cock twitch, and she felt an uncontrollable urge to ravage the cute young blonde.

Instead of lunging at Gretel, however, Hanna turned back to the witch, and leaped on top of her unsuspecting captor.

"What?!? What are you doing?!?" the older woman cried. 

She tried to push the girl off, but Hanna was too quick. She spread her captor's legs wide, and plunged her cock between them, under the witch's own massive shaft and into the gooey folds beneath.

Hanna straightened onto her knees, holding the witch's legs in each hand and began to give hard, cruel thrusts. She pounded her cock deep into the woman's gash, making her cry out as it slammed hard into the back of her cunt.

With a wild grin on her face, Hanna turned to look at her sister. "Gretel! Quick, come shut this bitch up and fuck her face!" she cried.

By now, Gretel's cock was throbbing to life once again, and she didn't need to be asked twice. She crawled over, knelt above the woman's head and grabbed her jaw, forcing it open before shoving her cock deep inside.

Tears welled in the witch's eyes as she felt Gretel's spongy crown stab the back of her throat. She whimpered weakly as both sisters pummelled her shuddering body.

Gretel laughed and looked up into her older sister's face. "Oh, Hanna! This feels incredible!" she moaned.

"You're telling me, Sis!" Hanna replied, before grabbing Gretel by the back of the head and kissing her with desperate passion.

The younger blonde hesitated for an instant before returning Hanna's kiss with equal enthusiasm and hunger. They made out furiously as their cocks ploughed faster into the witch's battered holes.

Pinned to the floor by the two horny sisters, the older woman was helpless to stop them. She lay under their lithe young frames, grunting as their cocks plunged inside her over and over again. 

Saliva flowed from the edges of her mouth and ran down the sides of her face. Her stretched cunt sloshed with every thrust of Hanna's shaft, and her own phallus swung back and forth, throbbing and pointing straight up in the air.

By now, the sisters had all but forgotten their captor, simply using her as a hole to stuff their hard-ons. They were completely absorbed in each other, their tongues stabbing into one another's mouths as muffled whimpers escaped their passionate lip lock.

Hanna lifted her hands from the witch's thighs, running them over Gretel's body instead. She squeezed the younger girl's perky breasts, her fingers sinking into the soft, warm flesh.

Gretel groaned, pulling her own hands from their grip on the witch's jaw. She wrapped her arms around Hanna's waist, grabbing the older girl's ass and pulling her closer.

The two sisters embraced, their cocks pushing even deeper and crushing the older woman between them. Both girls were incredibly aroused by the taboo of their incestuous kiss. They grew hungry for each other's bodies, and groaned as they devoured one another's mouths.

Finally, Gretel had to break away, gasping desperately for breath. Saliva dripped from their parting lips and splashed on the witch's writhing body.

"Oh, Hanna!" the young blonde moaned. "I love you so much!" Her face twisted in pleasure, and she leaned forward, sinking her teeth lightly into her sister's shoulder.

Hanna trembled, her hand going to the back of Gretel's neck. "Yes!" she cried. "Oh, Sis! I've never felt so good in all my life!" She pulled the girl's lips back to her own, and the two groaned as they resumed their heated kiss. Their hands roamed across one another's bodies, and their hips churned even faster.

The witch's eyes were clouded with tears, and her throat bulged out around Gretel's cock. Her tits were jiggling violently as Hanna slammed into her over and over. Her pussy was being torn to shreds by the power of the blonde's manic thrusts, and her own cock throbbed painfully as it approached it's pending eruption.

Before the witch could cum, however, both of her conqueror's did. Their faces tore apart and both girls screamed ferociously as they exploded.

The witch felt torrents of cum spraying in her from both ends, flowing down her throat almost to the point of drowning her, and overflowing from her swollen pussy. The sisters pummelled her well used holes as they rode their twin eruptions. 

Their hands fell clumsily to support themselves on the witch's twisting body. Gretel's fingers dug hard into her sweat soaked tits, and Hanna's dug hard into the flesh of her upper thighs. The witch wanted to scream, but her mouth was still stuffed with Gretel's draining member.

Finally, the older woman joined her former prisoners, as their cocks drove her over the edge as well. Her own shaft, untouched and aching, sprayed semen everywhere. 

It splashed against the sisters' torsos, coating both up to their chins. Their trembling bodies soon glistened in a layer of milky fluid. The torrent only made the writhing blondes moan even louder. They pumped their hips and grabbed each other, rubbing the witch's semen into one another's scorching flesh.

When their cocks were fully drained, Hanna and Gretel slipped away, curling up in each other's arms beside their cum-rag captor. They both sighed, and gave one another a long, sensual kiss.

The witch lay defeated, so exhausted she could barely move. Her muscles ached and her throat felt as if it had been pummelled by a jack hammer. Her legs lay splayed open on the floor, with cum leaking from her sore, swollen pussy, and her cock sat lifeless on her stomach as it gradually shrivelled and softened.
