 Juno was still against the wall watching what was going on. He knew who almost all of the Jinns were except for the blonde one. Strange he thought as he looked at her closer she bore a remarkable likeness to Mary! 

Jake looked over at Juno seeing that the man was getting upset. "Juno? Are you alright?" 

"I'm not really sure." The older man replied. "The thing is I know who all the Jinns here are except for that one the blonde one." Juno replied indicating Inger. "It also appears that my daughter is the mistress of said Jinn." Looking at Jake, Juno shook his head. "What good am I? If I can't even tell that there is another Jinn in the building!" 

"Believe me when I say that you have great worth especially to me. The..." Jake started to explain about Inger and Mary when a thought crossed his mind. Shaking his head he said, "excuse me a moment Juno I have to talk to Mary. Afterward I need the both of you to talk please. Not fight but talk ok?" 

Juno looked up at Jake shocked a moment then nodded his head. Walking over to Mary, Jake waited patiently for a few minutes. Looking up Mary, Inger, and Akeesha stopped. "What's wrong Jake?" Mary started then saw the look on her father's face. 

"I need the both of you to talk with or without me there. I can only offer I can't do much else; just as I wasn't really allowed to tell either of you about the other." Jake told her. 

Nodding her head Mary walked with Jake to her father as they could only stare at each other. "Jake you might have to start us off with whatever you need for us to discuss." Juno said. 

Sitting both of them down Jake slightly shook his head. "I can only do so much the both of you have to tell your story to the other. This is something I cannot do, even considering who I am, I'm not allowed. I can say what you both know you have a Jinn called Nyrae, Juno. Mary you have a Jinn called Inger. I will stay if you wish but I need the both of you to come to an understanding, before it's too late." With that Jake sat back and waited. 

Both Juno and Mary looked at Jake lost a moment then Juno started his story; finally ending with the family and their current situation. Mary's eyes were wide from the punishment that her father got. 

Mary then started in on her story ending with the recent incident. This time it was Juno's turn to be surprised and startled. Shaking his head he thought they had been harsh on his daughter. Then again he thought he had seen her sexual appetite, it was more than possible. 

The whole time Jake had been sitting mostly quiet only commenting when his part in something was mentioned. Finally both were finished though Jake was afraid that they might never speak again to each other. 

"I need the both of you," Jake started. "I need the both of you united to help with further problems that have arisen. I have to ask right now, are the two of you with me together or am I going to have to do the rest of this alone?" 

This caused both Juno and Mary's heads to snap up to stare at Jake. "You'd leave us alone?" A shaking, almost terrified Mary asked. 

"You would cast us aside like that?" A startled Juno asked. 

"If I have to, I will. We all have to be on a unified front in this. I can't be worrying about the both of you fighting each other instead of our enemies." Jake looked at the both of them with a stern look as he waited for the answer he hoped that they'd give. "Well? I have an ambush and a meeting to attend soon. Can I depend on the both of you or do I forget the both of you?" 

Mary threw herself at Jake large tears falling from her eyes. "Please Jake don't leave me! I'll do anything!" Jake nodded as he held Mary at arm's length. 

"I can't believe you'd be so cruel to my little girl." Juno was almost whispering. 

"I don't have time for the both of you to figure out that I need the both of you. Better to cut ties now before you get me and my Jinns killed! Decide or this is the last time you will see me!" Jake told the both of them sternly though inside he felt like the lowest creature on earth. 

Again Mary was in tears trying to hold Jake who have none of it. "Jake," she whispered. "Please don't abandon us, me, and your child!" 

Jake arose taking a step toward his Jinns. "I have no choice Mary. Not only will it get all the children and my Jinns plus myself killed it would also mean the end of the rest of you here. No I am cutting ties if you two continue to be at odds with each other." Crossing his arm he looked at both of them. "I have to go soon, I need an answer." 

Juno had dropped into his chair with a thud. "I have no aversion to working with Mary. She's my little girl why would I?" Juno said as he turned to look at Mary. 

"Jake I have never hated my father, in so many ways he is a hero to me. Much as you are, I'm just glad that it was you that has given me a child." Mary told Jake, wiping her eyes as she stared at both men. 

Jake closed his eyes as he felt what both of them had said was true. Finally with a sigh Jake nodded then motioned for both of them. Waiting until they were closer Jake finally started in on a plan. Both of them jerked their heads up to stare at Jake was he crazy? 

Jake had just finished when they all heard a voice. ["Father? I believe that the time is upon us!] 

Jake turned toward Nyrae as a huge smile was lighting up her face. "Yes Master Jake it is time!" 

A moment later the doctor appeared, as did Sheeka and her baby. "I came as soon as I felt her about to be born Master Jake." Leaning in she whispered to Jake. "We still have to name him Master." 

"I know my dear Sheeka, though for the moment his sister is about to be born." Jake told Sheeka. 

With a huge smile she handed her and Jake's son to him as she moved to Nyrae to help her and the Doctor. "I am here my dear sister to aid you." 

Nyrae smiled at Jake who was slightly stunned as Nyrae's legs opened. A small head appeared at her vaginal opening. [Here I come father!] Came the voice. 

Jake could only watched stunned as the head became larger, and then a few moments later the girl was born. "It is so good to see you father." Looking at the baby in Jake's arms she stated "it is also good to actually see you brother!" 

Stirring in Jake's arms the baby boy smiled, "it is good to also see you my dear sister! Rest, soon all of us will be born. Then we all can start to be a real family. Father, though I know that you have had a difficult time deciding a name for us; what you decide human or Jinn will be cherished." 

The baby girl nodded slightly, "Thank you father and mother. Thank you brother," with that the girl was laid with a tired but happy Nyrae who seemed to be waiting. 

Jake stared at both of them feeling a sense of pride wash over him. "She is beautiful Nyrae as is her mother." 

"Thank you Master Jake," Nyrae said with a huge smile on her face. Then held their daughter close as her eyes closed in sleep. 

Also smiling hugely Sheeka walked to Jake. "You have decided on a name for him Master?" Sheeka asked an even larger smile on her face. 

"I believe I have. At first I thought that I would give him a human name. Then I thought he would be a type of Jinn more than a human. I also thought that, even as a leader he might be shunned if he didn't have a Jinn name." Jake started to explain. 

Sheeka, though she knew Master Jake had his reasons was anxious to know. "Yes Master but what name?!" 

Chuckling a moment Jake took a deep breath, "The name Qaseem came to me earlier today." 

The anxious look was quickly replaced with one of joy. Then she started to kiss Jake where she could reach on his face. "Oh Master! I love it! I love you so much Master!" 

Jake a little stunned from the affection turned when Qaseem stated. "Thank you father, I will try to wear it with pride. I will remember the wisdom you showed in this." 

The Doctor, Hakiem, walked up to Jake a moment later. "I have checked both Master Jake both are fine. Nyrae should recover in a day." The Doctor had said this to both Jake and Juno who was standing there beside Mary with a look of awe on his face. 

"Even as powerful as she is," Juno asked. 

"Yes Master Juno. The act itself allowing the child to leave her body greatly weakens her. As I said she will be fine tomorrow." The Doctor told a still stunned Juno. 

"Thank you Doctor," Juno said vigorously shaking the surprised Doctor's hand. 

Mary walked to Jake and her father as she took a look at Qaseem. Sighing she looked into Jake's eyes, "I know our child will be just as beautiful as your first two are Jake." Reaching up she gently held the little hand of Qaseem. 

"He will be Mistress Mary, mother of our human brother. I can sense he will also be as wise as father." Qaseem told a shocked Mary as she gently massaged her stomach. 

The Doctor turned to look at Mary as he passed his hand over her stomach. "By the Great Jinn! If what I am feeling about this is correct. Mistress Mary will give birth between Gen and Rosalinda! Never have I heard of a human birth this soon! It must have to do with the extreme amount of magic around the both of you." 

Mary's mouth was hanging open as she stared at Jake with an almost predator look. "Good that means Jake and I can get back to a lot more loving and screwing!" Reaching down she began to rub Jake's hardened length through his pants. "The more I can have of this big boy the more I like it!" Mary almost growled kissing Jake surprising him a moment. 

With a smirk Jake broke the kiss. "We'll have plenty of time for that after we are all safe." 

Not far from where his new house was being built Jake and his Jinns appeared. Looking around Jake sighed guess I'll have to wait. A few minutes later a weary looking Tankena sitting across the way from Jake. 

Bowing Tankena started things off. "Hello Master Jake I am well aware you know of who I am. I also know that you can feel what's in my heart. Though I cannot see them I can feel the five Jinns protecting you. I no longer wish to continue hostilities with you. As I said we have a common enemy now. Afterward I only wish to be left alone." 

Jake looked at Tankena hardly able to believe what he was feeling from the male Jinn! "Alright, say I believe you. What can you do to help? As I remember you are being hunted by the Trio yourself." 

Tankena nodded then spoke. "As you know the leader of the Trio was a dark magic user, as was the leader. When they tried to attack you Nuha was struck by lightning while holding a huge amount of dark magic." 

All of Jake's Jinns appeared as did Amira who was hissing. "She should have been destroyed! You lie Tankena, should I end him Master Jake?" 

Jake held up his hand causing Amira to back down. "Please go on Tankena." 

Tankena nodded as he continued. "She was near death when one of her sisters became extremely enraged pouring everything into healing Nuha." This caused Amira to sit next to Jake as she thought a moment, then nodded her head yes. 

"If you are turning from them and their ways why have you waited until now?" Jake asked. 

Holding up his wrists Tankena showed all of the scars from the slave bands that he had worn. "I thought that it would make me stronger. Strong enough to finally approach the council for a position like my brother had. I was deadly wrong as there wasn't anything I could do. True I became stronger though it was only for the things that the bitch Queen wanted me to do. I also know that Zahra offered Nuha a power stronger than the dark magic. As far as I know there is only one magic stronger, love." 

This last statement shocked Jake as his mind ran through everything that had transpired. Shaking his head there was no way he could see that Zahra could possess that much love let alone any. As far as Jake knew there wasn't ANY love in her. 

________________

Thousands of miles away Zahra was waiting for that useless part of her personality she'd sent to die. Strange she thought by now it had to have failed. Already without it she was feeling far more evil than she had. A shadowy figure looked at Zahra waiting for an opening. Finally, still feeling weak from being burned, Zahra laid down. 

A moment later the Shadowy figure dived into Zahra eliciting a short gasp. 'What in the hell was going on,' Zahra thought, 'what is this?' Feeling the figure starting to join with her Zahra screamed as she started to push with all she had. What? This was the part of herself that she had sent to take Inger. Where had it gotten the power she was feeling and losing to? 

Within her mind Zahra came face to face with the part of herself she had detached. "YOU! You should have expired by now! I don't know what your plan is but you haven't the power to rejoin with me. WHAT!? NO! There is no way you have this much power! Stop it! Get out of MY mind!" 

"You forget Zahra I know you as well as you do. I know all the cracks and crevices to slip through. You can try but already I have rejoined part of you. Now you will never be rid of me again!" The other Zahra said as she laughed at the look of surprise and shock of the first Zahra's face. 

The first Zahra could feel more and more of the other one rejoining her. Already fifty percent was back with that growing more and more by the second. Suddenly Zahra started to scream as she looked deep within, it wasn't possible! "You are a damn whore! How dare you use my body in that way! I..." Suddenly Zahra groaned as a wave of pleasure shot through her! Gasping and panting she could feel everything that the other her had! 

"We were lied to Zahra! It didn't hurt it was the most wonderful feeling we have ever felt!" The second Zahra said as she also shuddered. 

"What is this? I... OH! By the Great Jinn! Ugh!" Suddenly the first Zahra fell off her feet as the body started to convulse and shake uncontrollably. "NO! You detestable WHORE! NO! I refuse! I..." Again the first Zahra's body started to convulse even more as screams of pure pleasure and lust left her lips. 

"Good! That was enough of a distraction for me to get all of me back into you. Try to get rid of me or the feelings now!" With a laugh the voice of the other faded with, "I am far stronger now, expect to see me a lot more!" 

"Over my dead body!" The first Zahra said as the second faded. Reaching out Zahra started to push at the other her, only to fall off her feet convulsing in an orgasm! 

__________________

Jake and Tankena were actually starting to get along when Inger appeared. Issuing a low hiss she started to power up. Akeesha appeared moments later, also powering up. When Jake got in front of Tankena they both looked at Jake as if he'd gone mad! "I'll explain later," Jake told them. "What's wrong?" 

Inger started to smile as she told Jake, "I felt the other rejoin with Zahra. I just hope that what you felt about her was right Master Jake. 

Jake nodded thinking a moment, "Yes, I hope so too Inger. I damn sure hope so."