 "Alright, Child. I'll agree to turn you human... but I have a few terms that must be met." The sea witch cackled as she loomed over the nervous little mermaid.

Marina trembled before the frightening woman, but held her ground. 'I can't run away now...' she thought. 'I just have to become human... I have to see him again...'

Just a few days earlier, the young mermaid had travelled to the surface against her father's wishes. There, she'd seen a handsome prince walking his horse along the shore, and instantly fallen in love. She knew the only way to be with him would be with the help of the mysterious sea witch, and so, she'd come to her, pleading desperately for the old crone's help.

"I'll do whatever you want!" she said aloud. "Just do it! Make me human! please!!"

The sea witch gave Marina an evil grin. "Alright, then." she said, before gesturing her arms as she began to recite in a strange, ominus dialect. "Mortallah fortunence! Humanous transformicus ballah!" The water around them began to swirl and glow, and Marina felt her long, black hair whipping around her in it's wake.

"Hezmorale vocalose no dictato fore amourosola!!!" The witch finished her spell by casting an explosion of light at the seabed between them. The water bubbled around Marina, and she lost sight of her surroundings.

When the water cleared again, she looked down to see her tail had disappeared, and in it's place sprouted two long, smooth legs.

"It is done, Child. And now, my price!" The witch made a coaxing motion, and Marina coughed as a ball of light passed through her lips and floated to the old woman's hand. "I have taken your voice as payment." she said with a cackle. "You have three days. In that time, you must obtain your true love's kiss, or your voice is mine forever and you will never be able to return to the sea. I've left you your gills, but they will close up soon, and won't open again until you have succeeded."

She gave a cruel laugh and continued: "If I were you, Pet, I would make for the surface quickly, or you're likely to drown here and now!"

Marina gasped as she felt her gills closing and realized she had to move fast. Kicking her human legs clumsily, she struggled to swim her way up, until she burst through the surface and took in a deep gulp of air.

Panting for breath, Marina swam weakly to a nearby rock and pulled herself up onto it. She rolled onto her back, her chest heaving and her naked breasts rising with her laboured breathing. Once she caught her breath, she sat up and studied her new body with curiosity.

She was pleased to find she had two very human looking legs for walking on land, and grinned when she wriggled her toes. She found her new extremities strange and somewhat alien, but amusing. When she looked between her thighs, however, her brow furrowed in confusion.

'Is this right?' she thought to herself. The little mermaid reached for her crotch, wrapping her fingers around a limp, smooth shaft of flesh protruding from between her legs. The appendage began to harden as she touched it, and Marina sighed as she began to feel a peculiar, pleasurable sensation.

With her other hand, she reached beneath her gradually hardening cock, and jolted when she found a soft, dampening crevice there. Touching that gave her pleasure too, and she chewed her lip, her gallant prince temporarily forgotten as she continued to explore her new, strange body.

'Oh... what is this... It feels so... good...' she thought. She lifted her hand, studying the wetness that coated her fingers. 

Licking her lips, she quickly began to rub both her growing shaft and dampening slit simultaneously. Her breathing once again grew shallow. In moments, she was totally absorbed in the increasing titillation between her legs, losing all sense of her surroundings until another voice broke the silence amidst the calm waters.

"Marina!"

The naked girl jolted upon hearing her name being called. Another mermaid had just surfaced right in front of her. She was identical to Marina, apart from the tail and fins she still sported underwater.

"Sister! What have you let that sea witch do to you?!?" the newcomer cried.

More heads began to pop out of the surf all around Marina's rock. Soon, all 6 of her identical sisters were looking up at her from the water. The one who'd first surfaced, Brooke, swam closer with a concerned look on her face.

"Oh, Sis! You've got legs! But, what is that... that thing you've got in your hand?"

Curious, Brooke reached forward tentatively, before grasping her sister's cock firmly in her grip. Marina tossed her head back at her twin's touch, and pumped her shaft forward automatically between the girl's wet fingers. Brooke looked up at her in confusion. She could see the pleasure plainly on her identical sister's face.

"Do... do you like that? Does that feel good?"

Unable to reply, Marina simply nodded vigorously, her hips rotating involuntarily as she grew increasingly desperate for more. Wanting to help her sister, Brooke began to pump her fist uncertainly along the growing shaft. Her twin seemed to really enjoy that, so she continued, fisting her cock with growing speed.

The other 5 mermaids watched in relative silence, both curious and a little frightened by what their sister had transformed into. They murmured quietly to one another, but neither of their sisters paid them any attention.

Brooke was masturbating Marina furiously, now, her eyes focused completely on the girl's bulbous cock. She found the appendage oddly beautiful, and licked her dry lips as she worked. The head suddenly began to leak a thick, creamy precum from it's tip.

"Oh no! What's that stuff? Should it be coming out like that?" she asked. Unsure of what else to do, she leaned forward and licked up the oozing fluid.

The feel of Brooke's tongue made Marina shudder. She reached down clumsily, grabbing her sister by the back of the head and pulling her face back toward her crotch. Brooke squealed, but allowed her twin to force her cock into her mouth, whimpering as it pushed past her open lips.

In seconds, the curious mermaid was sucking eagerly at Marina's shaft, finding the taste absolutely wonderful.

"You girls... have... got... to try this!" Brooke gasped between slurping noises, unable to pry her face away from her sister's delicious manhood.

Marina, meanwhile, was in a state of bliss unlike anything she'd ever experienced in her young life! Her skin glistened with sweat, and she rolled her hips back and forth along the surface of the rock, pumping herself steadily down Brooke's smooth, luscious throat.

Feeling her pleasure beginning to peak, Marina's eyes screwed shut, and she let out a silent scream of pleasure before pumping gobs of sticky white fluid into Brooke's open mouth. Her sister squealed in surprise, but quickly clamped her lips around Marina's throbbing head, gulping down as much of the salty cream as she could take.

Marina's stomach heaved as she trembled with pleasure, her orgasm overtaking her completely. She gripped Brooke by her wet, tangled hair, holding her face in place tightly as she fucked her hot, delicious mouth over and over again.

Finally, her strength gave out, and Marina collapsed onto her back, panting and gasping for air once more.

Brooke pulled back, smacking her lips as she swallowed the last of her sister's spend. As she savoured the remaining droplets, she could feel a strange tingling in the lower half of her body.

"Brooke!" Hailee, one of their other sisters, suddenly cried out. "What's happening to you?"

The confused mermaid looked down in time to see her tail beginning to transform. The water around her began to swirl, and she could no longer see what was happening. In moments, she suddenly found it hard to stay afloat, and scrambled up onto the rock beside a still recovering Marina. 

Brooke looked down in shock at her own pair of newly sprouted legs, complete with cock and vagina, exactly like her mute twin's! When she went to voice her surprise, she found she too had lost her ability to speak!

Marina, having recovered from her orgasm, slowly sat up again, noticing her newly transformed sister for the first time. She chewed her lip, finding this development strangely arousing, and reached out to gently stroke her twin's soft thigh.

Brooke shivered, feeling her cock begin to harden and the pleasure that came along with it. She licked her lips and reached forward, grasping Marina's shaft once again.

Before the sisters could start pleasuring one another, however, they felt more hands touching their lower bodies.

"No, guys! Not you, too!" Hailee cried. "You know what'll happen if you do that, look what happened to Brooke!" She was protesting loudly, but at this point was being completely ignored. Two more of her twins, Delphine and Choral, had already begun to touch their cock sporting sisters, and were strangely eager to have a taste for themselves.

"What do you think, Del? Want to give it a try?" Choral asked. "It sure looked like Brooke was enjoying it!"

Delphine couldn't take her eyes off of Marina's throbbing shaft. "Oh, definitely, Sis... I don't know why, but I've just gotta get my lips around that thing!"

Marina and Brooke held each other close, their hands stroking one another's excited breasts as they watched their other sisters take them into their mouths. Delphine was enthusiastic from the start, slurping and mewling as she worked hard on Marina's throbbing phallus. Choral worked slower, running her wet tongue gradually and deliberately over the surface of Brooke's spongy cock head, and luxuriating in it's flavour.

As the remaining sisters out on the water watched, they couldn't help but grow curious, too. Even Hailee, despite herself, was beginning to long for a chance to taste one of those strangely alluring appendages. Her two remaining sisters, growing bolder, swam up beside Delphine and Choral.

Raina approached Delphine, moving in beside the eager girl to try and get a taste of Marina. She found her cock sucking sister unwilling to share, however. Delphine seemed to be in a trance. She slobbered and sucked greedily without letting up.

"Come on, Del! Don't hog it!" she whined, but her identical sister ignored her.

With a sigh of frustration, Raina looked lower, finding Marina's cunt shining with it's own increasing wetness. Since Delphine was occupied with their sister's cock, she decided to lean forward and try a taste of pussy. 

She gave the slit a long, slow lick, and heard Marina cry out in surprised pleasure. Smacking her lips and grinning mischievously, Raina got to work, lapping at her twin's cunt like a cat with a saucer of milk. The taste was irresistible, and she drank her sister's leaking juices with obvious enthusiasm.

Meanwhile, Brooke was in heaven just beside her well endowed sister. Choral had been in more of a sharing mood, and so she and their other sister, Angel, were double teaming her pulsing cock. Their tongues ran up and down either side of the inflamed shaft, and they were taking turns popping it's thick head into their mouths and giving it a hard suck.

As the two cock sporting sisters were worked over by their siblings, they leaned into each other, panting as their pleasure steadily built up. Their bodies were slick with sweat, and they groaned silently as they pressed their delectably warm flesh against one another.

As her cock throbbed in Delphine's mouth, Marina found herself suddenly wanting to kiss her beautiful twin sister, Brooke. 'Kissing is... is for lovers, though...' she thought. She could vaguely remember some prince she was supposed to do that with, but she couldn't for the life of her remember why that was...

Deciding to forget her apprehension, the horny dickgirl reached for her sister, tilting Brooke's face toward her and locking lips passionately with her surprised mirror image.

In her aroused state, Brooke immediately returned the embrace, shoving her hot, wet tongue past Marina's lips and kissing her wantonly. As the two girls made out, they reached blindly for their other sisters. Marina gripped Delphine's head tightly in her hand, and Brooke grasping desperately at Angel's.

Delphine seemed to be spurred by Marina's grip in her hair, sucking even harder on the girl's delicious cock.

Raina still had her tongue shoved up her sister's gooey cunt, slurping up as much of the creamy nectar as she could and loving the sweet, tangy flavour.

Angel mewled as Brooke's fingers twisted in her hair, her tongue flicking quickly over the horny girl's piss slit. Choral had her mouth clamped tightly around the side of her sister's shaft, squeezing it between her lips and sliding her wet tongue back and forth.

Soon, it all became too much, and both Marina and Brooke squealed desperately into each other's lips. Their hips bucked off the rock several times as gobs of their semen shot out in torrents.

Shocked by the sudden jet of sperm firing down her throat, Delphine pulled back from Marina's cock. Finally seeing her opportunity, Raina quickly moved in, clamping her mouth over her sister's head and taking a few gulps of cum for herself.

Angel and Choral moaned in unison as they pressed their sweaty faces together, enjoying a hot shower of Brooke's thick, salty spray. They let themselves get covered in it, then turned to lick the spunk from each other's thickly coated faces.

Marina and Brooke were still kissing fiercely, even as they experienced the most intense pleasure of their lives. Their cocks drained and their pussies gushed, and still they craved more from each other. Pulling back onto the rock, Marina shoved Brooke onto her back and climbed on top of her, deepening their kiss even further.

By now, Delphine and Raina had turned to face one another, making out and sharing Marina's cum between them. Choral and Angel were doing the same. All four mermaids were beginning to transform, and were incredibly excited to experience cocks and pussies of their very own!

Hailee watched all of this in shock and awe. Part of her wanted to swim home to their father and tell him everything, to have him put an end to this insanity! But another part of her, one that was growing quickly, wanted to join her sisters... to turn the six way orgy into seven...

Marina pulled back from her kiss with Brooke, finally gasping for air. She was straddling her twin's torso, and their still hard cocks were rubbing deliciously together. As they ground against one another, Marina felt her sister's cock slip lower, and her eyes shot open when she felt it push against her wet pussy lips.

"Oh, Sis! Put it inside me!" she moaned.

"Oh! Marina! You can talk!" Brooke exclaimed. "And... and I can, too!"

"The... the sea witch said I'd get my voice back... w-when I experienced true love's kiss..." Marina panted, before plunging forward again to resume making out with her hot sister.

Brooke moaned, welcoming her sister's tongue into her mouth and wrapping her arms tightly around her. She eased her cock up against her twin's pussy again, and both groaned as they felt it push gradually inside.

By now, the other sisters had climbed up onto the rock as well. They lay beside Marina and Brooke, making out in pairs and rubbing their own smouldering bodies together. 

Raina was on her hands and knees, kissing Delphine's torso and running her tongue over the girl's delectable breasts. Behind her, Choral was rubbing her cock through her ass crack, dipping it lower until it pressed firmly against her sopping cunt. Raina groaned, her hips wriggling as she urged her sister to penetrate her.

"Do it, Choral!" she begged as she kissed her way down Delphine's body. "Fuck me, Sister!"

Delphine was laying back, waiting impatiently for Raina's kisses to reach her own throbbing phallus. She was kissing passionately with Angel, who hovered above her, and reached up to fondle her sweet sister's hanging breasts.

"Um... Sisters? Can I... can one of you, um..." Hailee had come closer to the rock, and was trying to get someone's attention. Her stomach was doing somersaults as she watched the hot action in front of her. She was desperate to be a part of it, but afraid at the same time...

Suddenly, Delphine wrenched her lips from Angel's and cried out as Raina took her cock in her mouth. That's when Angel looked up and spotted Hailee watching nervously. She grinned, and crawled over to the edge.

"It's ok, Sister. Come join us! These new bodies are fucking amazing!" she said with a reassuring smile.

Hailee swallowed nervously and reached out tentatively for her sister's throbbing shaft. Angel sat down, spreading her thighs willingly, and gently guided her sister's face toward her needy crotch.

By now, Marina was bouncing enthusiastically on top of Brooke, her cunt slamming down over and over around her twin's searing shaft.

"Yes!! Yes, fuck me, Sister! Fuck that feels amazing! I need you're fucking cum!" she wailed.

Brooke chewed her lip, reaching up to paw roughly at Marina's bobbing tits. Her sister's filthy cries of pleasure proved to be an incredible turn on! She was so happy they were no longer mute! She squeezed and pinched at Marina's throbbing nipples, making her sister squeal even louder.

"Fuck, I love your body!" Brooke panted. "I can't get enough of this! Ride my fucking shaft, Babe!"

She sat up and clamped her lips around one of Marina's tits, slurping at the sensitive flesh as they continued to rut violently. Marina threw her head back, feeling an orgasm quickly building up inside her. She rolled her eyes into the back of her head and screamed, before shooting jets of cum from her untouched shaft all over Brooke's glistening chest.

"FUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!! TAKE MY FUCKING CUM, SIS!!!" she wailed, her pussy clamping hard around her twin's molten cock. Her semen coated her sister's chest, dripping off the girl's rock hard nipples.

Brooke's face twisted with pleasure as she felt her own climax build. She leaned back, releasing Marina's breast from her mouth and grunted as she pumped herself up harder into the girl's slot.

"Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck FUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!" she cried, as her own hot sperm splashed against her sister's insides. Both girls screamed in unison, their bodies bucking frantically against one another.

Raina's sisters were cumming hard right beside her, but at the moment, she was completely oblivious tot them. She was sandwiched deliciously between her own sexy twins, each of them pumping a shaft hard into one of her needy holes.

Choral was slamming her thick cock inside her from behind, their hips slapping with every violent thrust. Her hands gripped Raina's hips tightly, pulling her back with every push so she could slide in as deep as possible.

Delphine, meanwhile, was on her back, her fingers twisting in Raina's tangled hair. She whipped her head back and forth, her hips bouncing up in the air repeatedly as she fucked her sweet sister's mouth. To make matters worse, her naughty twin had shoved three fingers up her pussy, and was pumping them wildly even as she slurped and sucked on Delphine's pulsing cock head.

"Jesus, Sis! Your mouth feels fucking wicked!! I want your cock inside me, next, ok?!?"

Raina could only grunt out a muffled response, as her sister's cock stabbed repeatedly into the back of her throat. Her body dripped with sweat as she gyrated wildly between Delphine and Choral.

"Oh, Baby... You're so good at that..." Angel moaned, her eyes closing as she enjoyed the sensations growing inside her.

Hailee was completely devouring her, her face pumping up and down eagerly on the girl's throbbing member. As she sucked the head, her fist pumped along the shaft, and she reached up to play with her sister's pussy, too. It was obvious Hailee wanted her twin's cum, and she wanted it fast!
