 Here is the latest chapter of Futa Ghosts. I'm halfway through now! Hope you enjoy it and thanks again for all your kind comments on the first four chapters! They are much appreciated.

*****

Chapter Five - Calling the Mistress

Carla stirred slowly. It took her a while to work out where she was. She was laying on a hard stone floor. Her body ached and appeared to be sticky all over. In fact, her muscles ached so much it took some effort to lift her hand into view. When she did, she saw that it was covered in dried sperm. Memory returned to her of the rigours of the day. With a groan, she levered herself up onto her elbows and looked down at her body.

Every inch of it appeared to be covered in semen. There was a pool of it down between her legs, with more still leaking from her pussy even now. She wondered how many gallons of the stuff she had taken inside her today, as well as the amount that was ON her. Her hair was matted to her head. She tried to run her fingers through it but it was all stiff and stuck together. She dreaded to think what she must look like.

She turned her head to find her four companions in similar positions - and similar states! Amy was the only one awake. Amazingly, she still had an erect penis and was playing with it as she looked down at Amber, whose head rested against her legs. Even as Carla watched, her sister managed one last cumshot, though it was relatively small compared to their recent efforts. The cum leaked out of Amy's cock and landed on Amber's head without even waking her. She just stirred momentarily as the liquid ran over her forehead and pooled over her eyes. Amy fell asleep with a contented smile on her face.

The twins lay huddled together, Stacey with her arms wrapped around Alice. Their brown hair looked to be in just as bad a state as Carla's own. She got onto her hands and knees and crawled over to them. They looked so peaceful wrapped up together like that. She noticed a bite mark on Stacey's ass and wondered who put it there. Then she recalled that it was her. The events from the day just blurred in her mind. All she could see was a flurry of cocks and pussies, assholes and mouths getting punished again and again. It was hard for her to remember the details, but she was pretty sure she had fucked every one of them at some point, and been fucked by every one of them as well.

She reached out and shook Stacey by the shoulder. Her eyes opened immediately and she grinned.

"You ready for another round?" she asked.

"I wish," Carla replied. "But listen to your Futa Ghost. Isn't she telling you something?"

Stacey frowned, then nodded. "We need to hurry. What time is it?"

Carla glanced at her watch. "Holy shit! It's nearly four o'clock!"

"Hah! That means we've been at it for, like, near enough seven hours! Fuck me, doesn't time fly when you're having fun?"

"Yeah, but we have to go now. The Futa Ghosts will wake the others soon enough but we all need to shower off and then you lot have to be out the house before my parents come back!"

She pulled Stacey to her feet and the two of them staggered upstairs. Carla's legs felt like they didn't want to respond to any of her instructions and it seemed her friend felt the same way. The Futa Ghosts might have altered our bodies, Carla thought, but they don't seem to have helped our constitution. We must remember not to exert ourselves like that again. 

By helping each other they made it to the bathroom. Carla paused to look at herself in the mirror. She could barely recognise herself, her face was so covered in dried sperm. And her hair ... she shuddered. It would take ages to sort out.

"Maybe we should put our penises away," she suggested, "to make sure we don't get distracted while we wash."

"Good idea," Stacey said. "The rest of me may be knackered, but I feel like my cock could keep on fucking forever! Oh Carla, thank you so much for bringing me into this! Honestly, it's the best present anyone has ever given me."

The two of them embraced and Carla felt a thrill of desire go through her. She quickly disengaged, determined this time to not think about sex and just get on with what needed doing. They showered together, helping each other to make themselves halfway presentable. By the time they were done their hair still looked quite greasy, but at least it wasn't so obvious why. And their bodies were clean too. Carla experienced a weird pang of regret seeing her cum-free form, as if being covered head-to-toe in sperm was her preferred look. She shook her head and retreated with her friend into her bedroom.

"These Futa Ghosts are changing everything about our minds," she said. "It kind of makes me miss how I was before."

"It shouldn't," Stacey said as she towelled herself dry. "Look, you know I liked you before; we've been friends for years. But this new you ... it's just so much better! You were always so reserved. Remember how you blushed when we showed you that porno? Now you're unencumbered by all that stuff your dad dumped on you, your inner self is finally shining through!"

"So you think this is really the true me?"

"Don't you? The way my Futa Ghost described things, they don't actually alter our minds - they just free us of our false inhibitions and let us see the world clearly. It all makes perfect sense to me now."

"Maybe you're right."

"No 'maybe' about it. I'm ALWAYS right!" Stacey laughed.

By the time they were dressed and ready, the other girls had all freshened themselves up in the shower and looked halfway human again as well. Amy was the last to come out of the bathroom, a towel tied up atop her head but otherwise naked. She grinned at her sister.

"Now that's what I call a fun way to spend the day."

"We don't really have the time for this," Carla said, frowning. "Mum and Dad will be back soon. The rest of you need to get out of here before they do. And Amy, we have GOT to clean that library up!"

"Um, I've already done it," Amber said.

"Seriously?"

"Yeah, I like cleaning," she said with a blush.

"Right, well in that case you can all go. Once I've made sure Mum and Dad don't think anything's wrong, I'll meet you at the school. Speaking of which, any idea how we're going to get in?"

"Leave that to us," Alice said, taking her sister's arm. "We've broken into that place more times than you've had hot dinners."

The rest of them vacated the house, and only just in time too. Minutes after they left via the back door, James came in through the front. Carla heard him banging around downstairs from her bedroom, where she was back to acting ill. She need not have bothered - he made no attempt to come up and see how she was. She would have been annoyed at that had she not been relieved that she didn't have to pretend any longer than she had to.

She lay back on the bed, intent on getting a couple of hours of sleep before she had to head out.

"Carla ..."

She opened her eyes slowly. There was no one in the room with her, so she knew who it had to be. She sighed. "Is that you, Warei?"

"Yes. I am sorry; I know you need to rest. But there is something I need to tell you before you go to the school tonight."

"What is it? Is anything the matter?"

"Not as such. I just wanted you to know that I love you. I cannot imagine a better person's mind to inhabit than yours. You have given me so much pleasure these last few weeks, more than I had dared hope for when we first met. I wanted you to know that."

Carla sat up. "Warei, you're scaring me. Why are you saying this now?"

"Because of the ritual you are about to perform. It is not just Shemalias that you are going to bring through - it is us as well."

"Us?"

"The Futa Ghosts, only we will no longer be ghosts. We will all leave our hosts and our true forms will come through. We will finally get to meet face-to-face, Carla, and you can see me as I truly am. While that is good in so many ways, it does mean we will not share this level of intimacy anymore. We will be separate once again."

Carla's heart skipped a beat. All the time she had been with Warei, she worried about the changes that were coming over her - except the changes to her body, those she loved - but now that it seemed they were to part she suddenly realised just how much she had come to enjoy the company of her Futa Ghost. Being without her again after all that just felt wrong.

"Is there no other way?" she asked.

"I am afraid not," Warei said. "This must be done. That is why I am thanking you now for our time together."

Carla felt tears well up in her eyes. "I'm going to miss you, Warei," she admitted.

"I know. But I promise you, we will spend a lot of time together even after I come through, if Shemalias permits it."

"Why wouldn't she?"

"She may have jobs for all of us, even you. I do not profess to know her mind, but she likes people to keep busy, including her Futas and her Futanari."

"What's the difference?"

"Demons like myself are called Futas, or Futa Ghosts in my current form. Our human ... allies ... who are endowed with cocks are called Futanari. Some cultures have corrupted our legends, believing Futanari is a name for all women with penises, but that is not so. Only a chosen few get to become Futanari."

"A chosen few like me?" Carla asked. 

"... Yes."

Warei went silent. After a few minutes Carla managed to drift off into a restless sleep. 

*****

When she awoke a few hours later, it was dark outside. She glanced at her watch. It was nearly midnight. The house was quiet and all in darkness; she guessed her parents had gone to bed. When she opened her bedroom door, she found a plate with a couple of sandwiches right outside. She smiled. Bless you, Mum, she thought. For a moment she just stood there, staring at the plate. She got the sense that once they went through with this ritual the last vestiges of normality in her life would disappear forever. Everything was going to change and little things like her mum making sandwiches for her just wouldn't happen again.

"Change is good," Warei murmured. "Embrace it, don't fight it."

Carla nodded. "I know."

She threw on some clothes and silently padded downstairs. Part of her wished she would disturb her parents so that they might catch her and stop her from going, but they did not stir and she managed to exit the house without trouble. 

The streets were virtually empty as she hurried along them. The few people that were about paid her no attention. She kept her head down, concentrating on where she was going rather than on what she was about to do. 

When she reached the school she stopped. All was in darkness and she wasn't sure about where to go. Then she saw Amy standing by a thick metal door, waving to her. Relieved, Carla hurried over to join her.

"I was starting to think you weren't coming," Amy said.

"As if I'd miss this," Carla replied with a smile to cover up her uncertainty.

"Come on, the others are waiting for us."

The two sisters headed through the door and down a flight of metal stairs to the school's cellar. The place had been used to store all kinds of junk that a school collected over the years but now it had all been pushed back against the walls to leave a vast open space. The other girls had been busy the last few hours. A giant pentagram was already drawn on the floor with candles burning at each point. Stacey, Alice and Amber were all already naked, chattering excitedly about what was to happen. Carla and Amy quickly discarded their clothes as well.

Stacey and Alice rushed over to join them and enveloped them in hugs.

"I'm so glad you're here," Stacey whispered. "We can't wait to get on with this!"

"Then let's do it," Carla said. She wondered why all her friends had so easily cast off any doubts they may once have had, whereas her own were almost consuming her. 

Following the instructions of their Futa Ghosts, the girls stood around the pentagram, one at each point, and closed their eyes.

"Repeat after me," Warei said.

The Futa Ghost reeled off a series of words in a language Carla did not recognise but which reminded her a bit of Latin. Even though she didn't know what they meant, she found it easy to repeat them. She spoke them aloud, in tandem with the other women. It went on for a long time until Carla's tongue started to ache from wrapping it around so many strange words.

She had no idea how much time had passed before the chant finally fell away. As soon as it did she felt a sense of vast emptiness and she knew that Warei had left her. Her eyes flew open. All around her, a mist was rising out of the floor, thickening and moving in wholly unnatural ways. It started to gather at the centre of the pentagram. Instinctively, all five girls backed away, forming a tight knot about ten feet away from the apparition. 

The mist thickened further until their gazes could not penetrate it. It withdrew into a tight ball and then suddenly exploded outwards. Carla and the rest cried out and flinched away, but it passed over them without doing them any harm. In fact they barely felt it besides a slight tingling sensation that passed almost immediately. When Carla returned her attention to the pentagram, she gasped.

Five humanoid figures stood before them. They were each of a height, a couple of inches taller than Carla. They had pale blue skin, darker around the nipples, and long strands of blue hair. They all had two small red horns protruding from their temples. Their figures were unmistakably female ... except for the monster cocks dangling between their legs. Carla locked gazes with the foremost figure and knew without having to be told that this was Warei in her true Futa form. She smiled and Warei echoed her. A long, forked tongue snaked out to lick her lips.

"Fuck me," Amy whispered. "I don't think I've ever been so wet."

There was still a thick ball of mist behind the Futas. As the Futas stepped forward, the mist began to take shape, rising up into a cloud eight feet high. Carla watched in fascination and no small amount of horror as the mist slowly fell away, revealing what was concealed beneath it. She froze, her eyes going wide.

Shemalias - for it had to be her - towered over everyone in the room. Her large, curling horns brushed against the cellar's ceiling. With those horns she must have stood at ten feet tall. Her face had a heart-stopping, if unearthly, beauty to it, with huge dark blue eyes set against her pale blue, flawless skin. Each of her breasts must have been the size of Carla's head, but they were perfectly in proportion with the rest of her body. Instead of arms, three tentacles protruded from each shoulder, waving about independently of each other. Each was eight feet long.

But none of that commanded Carla's attention quite as much as what hung from her crotch. Not just one giant dick but two, one hanging below the other. The top one looked to be about twenty inches long, the same as Amber's but almost twice as thick. The other was a good four inches longer and even bigger around. Just the thought of getting close to those set her pussy twitching.

The five Futas fell to their knees before their mistress. The other women followed suit but Carla found herself frozen to the spot, staring at the creature in a mix of awe and terror. Shemalias' eyes fixed on her momentarily and Carla thought she detected a trace of amusement in that gaze.

"Rise, my children," it said in a deep, unearthly but so very seductive voice. 

The Futas did so immediately and turned back to the humans. Warei approached Carla and enveloped her in a hug. Her blue skin was soft, supple, her breasts pressing against Carla's own sent a thrill of desire through her.

"Thank you," Warei whispered in her ear. "Thank you for everything. We are about to start a new chapter in our lives now."

Then she stepped back and Shemalias came forward.

"My loyal Futanari," she said, "you have released me from Hell and brought me back to where I belong. Your loyalty shall be rewarded. Amy, Amber, Stacey and Alice, your Futas shall bestow your reward upon you now."

Carla frowned as her four friends were each approached by their Futas, who laid their hands upon their foreheads and closed their eyes. She glanced at Warei, who gave her an reassuring smile as if to say, "Don't worry, you haven't been forgotten." But she couldn't help but wonder if Shemalias come somehow read minds and knew of her doubts. What would she do then? Punish her? Push her through into Hell?

The work of the Futas took but a few moments. When they were done they stepped back to join Warei in front of Shemalias. 

"When the Futa Ghosts were inside you," the demonic queen said, "they were able to alter your bodies. Blemishes were removed, curves accentuated and of course you were able to enjoy their penises. Now I have gifted that power to you. You can now adjust your bodies however you like."

"Seriously?" Amy exclaimed with a joyous laugh. She quickly stripped off her clothes and looked down at her crotch. Moments later a penis sprang out, a huge member hanging down between her knees. She laughed again. "Oh, this is even better than before!"

"You can experiment later," Kalei said. "Your mistress is still talking."

Amy made her penis disappear again, an abashed look on her face.

Shemalias pushed through the Futas and came to stand directly before Carla. "You were the first to come to us," she said. "While many humans may have fled, you stayed true and enabled all of this to happen." Her tentacles snaked forward and in a sudden movement tore Carla's clothes from her body. "For you I have a very special reward. You shall be mine."

Behind the mistress, Warei's head jerked up, a look of surprise and disappointment on her face. But Carla did not notice. Her eyes were locked onto Shemalias' own, trapped in the deep blue whirlpools. Her pussy was soaking wet, aching to be fucked. Right then nothing else mattered.

Shemalias gestured and the Futas and humans all moved aside to clear a space. Her tentacles wrapped around Carla's waist and legs, hoisting her into the air and turning her around. She was bent forward and the tip of one of Shemalias' dicks pressed against her pussy. Just that small contact sent Carla into ecstasy. She screamed and writhed as the orgasm hit her. That was all the encouragement the demon needed. It pressed forward and inch after inch of her dick slid easily inside her new pet human.

From the side of the cellar, Amy watched her sister being ravished by this giant, beautiful monster. She had her hand jammed down between her legs, frigging herself furiously. She wished she was over there being so used by her mistress. Carla's face was twisted into a look of the purest joy. Amy knew she needed to get a piece of that. She would do whatever it took to please Shemalias. Similar thoughts were going through the minds of the others, too.

No sooner had Carla's climax receded than she was sent into another one. Shemalias' cock was rough, the grooves and ridges designed to give the ultimate pleasure. Her tentacles held Carla fast while she pumped her pussy with all her strength. Each time, she pushed the full twenty inches inside. Carla's body accommodated it comfortably, although she remained tight down there. But this was just a test for Shemalias to see if this human would be ready for what was to come next. It seemed as though she was. Warei had done her job well. 

With a grunt, she unleashed her first load into Carla. Her cock pulsed and filled her with cum, so much that some of it spilled out from her pussy and created a growing puddle on the ground beneath her. Once she was done, she lowered her pet to the floor. There was no strength in Carla's legs though, so she sank to her hands and knees in the pool of sperm. Shemalias let out a satisfied groan and looked up at the cellar ceiling. The sex may not have lasted long, but it was the first time she had penetrated a human in centuries, so she was far from done. The need had been building inside her for so long, made all the more intense the closer her release from Hell got. Now that she was free, she intended to enjoy it. Now her smaller cock had been temporarily satisfied, she still had her other to see to.
