 Author's note: Sorry for the delay in this chapter. I had a major computer malfunction. But I'm back up and running now and here is the sixth chapter! I hope the wait will be worth it. 

Chapter Six -- Taking the School 

Elaine Haverstock was, as usual, the first one to arrive at the school in the morning. She unlocked the door, stepped inside and took a deep breath. She always enjoyed this time of day, when the school was quiet and peaceful and there were no students clogging up the place. 

She was well into her fifth decade now -- though she didn't like to admit that to anyone -- and had been a teacher at the school for some twenty years, seven of those as headmistress. She and her husband had long since come to terms with the fact they weren't going to have children together. It didn't matter much to her; she considered all the girls she helped to educate and send out into the world as her children. She honestly could not think of a more fulfilling job than moulding a young person and helping them to achieve their dreams for the future. 

She ran her hands through her greying black hair as she strolled along the corridor. All the classroom doors were open. She glanced inside each, imagining them full of students eager to learn. Despite all the hard work it entailed, she loved being headmistress. Even when it meant having to discipline the badly behaved girls. 

A sound reached her ears. It sounded like laughter, far off. She paused, listening intently, but did not hear it again. She shook her head. It must have been her imagination. There was no one here but her. 

She got to her office and looked with pride at her desk. It was a magnificent piece of craftsmanship, made of real wood. She had bought it with her own money from an auction years ago and installed it here. She felt it gave her some real gravitas when people came to see her. There was no paperwork on it at the moment as she had cleared all that up over the weekend. 

Right, I can concentrate on planning the sports day, she thought to herself, clapping her hands together. 

"Oh, now this won't do at all!" 

The voice came from right behind her. Mrs Haverstock spun round with a gasp. She had heard no one approaching her. When she saw who -- what -- it was, she staggered back and had to clutch at the edge of the desk for support. 

There were two of them, standing side-by-side and regarding her critically. They had the bodies of beautiful women, but their skin was pale blue and they had ... had ... Her eyes went wide. These women had penises! Huge ones, dangling between their legs! 

"What kind of trickery is this?" she managed to say. "Who are you and what are you doing in my school?" 

The two beings acted as though she had not spoken. One turned to the other and said, "Our first fuck with a human in centuries and she looks like that. All withered and sagging." 

Elaine put her hand to her breast. "How dare you speak to me like that? I am the headmistress of this school and I demand you treat me with respect." 

"It doesn't have to be like that," the other creature said. "We could transform her." 

"I know," its companion said with a sigh. "But it is so much work." 

"We need to control her though, so we may as well have some fun with it." 

"You're right. Go ahead then, Chemei." 

Mrs Haverstock looked from one to the other in confusion. What were they talking about? And why were they ignoring her? Her hand crept across her desk to the phone. She needed to call the police and tell them about these intruders. 

The one called Chemei stepped forward gracefully. Her every move seemed intended to seduce. She reached out one hand and placed it on the headmistress's forehead. She jerked away but could not break the contact. Then a feeling of calm washed over her. She looked at the two beings in front of her -- Futas, she learned they were called -- and wondered why she had ever been scared of them. They were clearly here to help her, to help the whole school in fact. Her face relaxed into a happy smile. 

"Start the changes," the other Futa said. "I am impatient to start this." 

A tingling sensation swept over Elaine. She could feel something happening to her body. 

"You should remove your clothes for this," Chemei said to her. 

It sounded reasonable, so Elaine did so. They seemed to find it amusing that she had on so many layers. First her coat, then her black jacket and her white blouse all ended up on the floor. Her bra came next, revealing her sagging B-cup breasts and her expanding belly. It filled her with shame to look at herself compared to the perfection of the Futas' bodies. She pulled down her skirt, followed by her tights and finally her sensible white knickers. Finally she was naked. 

That tingling came back again. She looked down and saw her body change. Her breasts filled out greatly, going up by three cup sizes at least. They also firmed up and her nipples grew longer. Her belly went flat again, like it had been thirty years ago. Her legs became supple instead of flabby. She reached round behind her and sure enough, the same had happened to her bum. Her buttocks were now perfectly formed with none of the sag she had become used to lately. She snatched up a mirror from her desk and studied her reflection. The grey in her hair had gone back to black, the lines at the corners of her eyes had disappeared altogether. 

I look young, she thought. I look ... beautiful. 

"That is much better," the Futa said. 

"I am glad you think so, Dalinei," Chemei replied. "It is not easy to effect such a huge change on a human. So shall we fuck her now?" 

"Oh, please do!" Mrs Haverstock said eagerly. "I want both of you!" 

In her mind now, nothing else mattered. She wanted a taste of those giant dicks, she wanted the excitement of having them both in her at the same time. All her life, she suddenly realised, she had been repressed. Not by anyone else, only by her own beliefs. It seemed so stupid now. 

"Bend over the desk," Chemei told her. 

Elaine obeyed without question, spreading her legs wide open in readiness. Chemei lined her huge cock up with her cunt and, in one smooth thrust, impaled her with its full length. Elaine screamed in ecstasy as her mind was flooded with the nearly-forgotten sensations of a good, hard fuck. Chemei wasn't satisfied with just half of her cock being inside though. She kept on pushing in until all of her fourteen inches were sheathed inside the headmistress. Then she grabbed hold of her hips and started ploughing her with all her strength. The feeling of her nipples rasping against the wooden desk was nearly enough to send her over the edge. 

Dalinei, not wanting to be left out, walked around the desk and pressed her dick up against Elaine's lips. She dutifully opened her mouth and grabbed hold of the shaft with one hand. The head slipped in easily enough but Dalinei kept on shoving more and more inside of her. Elaine was sure they would damage her but there was no way she was going to tell them to stop. Dalinei's cock was just as long as her fellow Futa's, and by the time she was done she had every inch of it stuffed down the headmistress' throat. 

The feeling of being so full, as well as the lack of air getting into her system, sent Elaine into a powerful, blissful orgasm. She had never had one such dick inside her before, let alone two at once! She could imagine them almost meeting in the middle of her body. She groaned around the giant obstruction in her mouth. 

Dalinei pulled back to let her take in a mouthful of air, then began fucking her just like Chemei was doing to her pussy. The two settled into an alternating rhythm, where Elaine always had one cock all the way inside of her. 

After a time -- she had no idea how long, but knew that she had experienced at least three orgasms -- they let Elaine go. But they were far from done with her. Chemei laid on the ground and ordered Elaine to mount her. Mrs Haverstock crouched over her, facing away, and went to guide her cock into her pussy. 

"Not there," Chemei said. "In your ass." 

With a happy smile on her face, Elaine adjusted her aim. She remembered her husband asking her for anal sex once and she had barely spoken to him for a week. Now she regretted that decision. Nothing sounded more fun in the world. 

The monster cock pressed against her tight butt hole. Normally there was no way she would be able to take such a member inside of her, especially not for her first time, but unbeknownst to her the Futas had changed her internally as well as externally. The head of the cock popped inside her. She cried out but in pleasure, not pain. With Dalinei's help, she inched her way lower and lower until eventually she was sat flush against Chemei. All of her cock was sheathed in her. 

Elaine had never felt so full, so fulfilled, in all her life. Her body shook as she reached another orgasm, her mind overwhelmed by the feeling of bliss. She could have stayed like that forever. 

But Dalinei was not to be kept out of the fun. She pushed the headmistress back so she was lying on Chemei and aligned her cock with Elaine's cunt. She thrust inside in one powerful movement and suddenly she had two giant dicks inside her new-look body. She thought she couldn't have felt any happier a few moments ago, but she was wrong. This, this was what true bliss felt like. 

The two Futas fucked her holes like that for some time, ravaging the woman and sending her into climax after climax. 

Chemei was the first to come, her seed filling Elaine's butt and squirting back out all over the Futa and the floor below. The feeling of the jets of sperm reaching so deep inside her bowels made her come again. Moments later, Dalinei pulled her cock out of Mrs Haverstock and sent a torrent of cum up her body, plastering her belly, tits and face, filling her mouth. She swallowed down as much as she could. 

Once they were done, the Futas shifted Elaine off them and perched her on the edge of the desk. Cum still leaked from her ass and mouth as she sat there, a happy smile on her face. 

"Now we have work to do," Chemei said. "Soon the other teachers and the students will come and we must be ready for them." 

***** 

About an hour later, the rest of the teaching staff turned up. One after another, they wandered into the staff room only to have their minds taken over by the aura of the Futas as they laid in wait. The Futas then had their way with them, adapting their bodies where needed and then releasing centuries of pent-up sexual frustration. For while they could fuck each other in Hell, what they all so desperately craved was human interaction. 

The only teacher to avoid this fate was Miss Jessica Jones. She was running late, so as soon as she got to school she headed for her classroom, aware that her students would be arriving at any minute. She didn't notice the dazed expressions of the other teachers she passed, nor that they didn't respond to her hurried welcomes. She made it to her room and barely had time then to set out her things on her desk and prepare herself for the lesson to come before the early, eager girls turned up. 

She smiled at them, but then noticed that they all had the same glassy-eyed, distracted look on their faces. None of them seemed worried -- in fact, they looked happy -- but they didn't respond to her questions when she asked them what was wrong. And then they were followed in by two of the loveliest girls at the school, twins who Miss Jones had secretly lusted after the whole year, Stacey and Alice. They weren't supposed to be in this class, but that wasn't what had the teacher more than a little confused. 

It was the fact that they were naked. 

She stood up to reprimand them, to demand to know what they were thinking of, but the second they entered the room none of that mattered. They were both so lovely, so perfect in every way. She cocked her head, some part of her telling her there was something different about them. Then she twigged. The only way she had been able to tell them apart was by Alice's freckles, and they were now gone. The two of them were perfectly identical now. She looked from one to the other, wondering which was which. 

Both had dark brown hair, both had bright green eyes and the same high cheekbones and fairly wide chins. They were both endowed with huge breasts, easily a GG cup. Jessica's eyes widened. They looked even bigger now than when they had when she used to watch them in their uniforms. 

Stacey smiled at the sight before them. Before they had released Shemalias, they had had to rely on the auras of their Futa Ghosts to control people, according to Carla and Amy. Now, however, they had their own, just one of the many gifts bestowed upon them by their great new mistress. Once Shemalias was established in this world, she hoped to be given the freedom to spread their gift to the farthest corners of the globe. 

Before all this began, she had already been aware of the people known as Futanari, or dickgirls or shemales as they were sometimes known. But she had had no idea that the whole legend around them originated from a demon queen from Hell. According to Shemalias, her name is where the term "shemale" came from, and the people called Futanari were using the name wrongly. The other demons were called Futas and their chosen human servants, like Stacey and her sister, were the real Futanari. The others were just distant descendants of people impregnated by Futas and Futanari centuries ago. 

At the moment, both she and Alice had no dicks; it was easier to walk around with them put away. And the best thing about them was that now they had the ability to alter their bodies, far beyond what the Futa Ghosts had done with them in the past. They still had not fully explored their options, settling for just removing any skin imperfections and making their breasts absolutely perfect in size, proportions and firmness. 

The whole class, teacher included, was now in their thrall. They could do what they wanted with them. There were a few hot students there, not least of all Paula, but Stacey had eyes only for Miss Jones. She had seen her ogling both her and her twin throughout the school year, and Stacey in turn had not been shy in appreciating the teacher's impressive cleavage and her risqué choice of outfits. She remembered Carla saying she had already had a blowjob from her, but now Stacey intended to test all her boundaries. 

She and Alice approached the teacher's desk and went round either side of it. 

"Who here wants to see their teacher get fucked?" Stacey asked. 

Immediately a forest of hands shot up from the class. 

"Who here wants to see her get fucked in the ass?" 

The hands stayed in the air. 

"Good. That's what we'll do then." 

Miss Jones stayed still and silent as the twins undressed her. Stacey removed her bra, revealing that glorious chest in its unfettered brilliance. They are nearly as good as my own, she thought as she caressed them and pushed them together. She sucked one nipple into her mouth, flicking her tongue against it until it was stiff, then turned her attention to the other. Jessica groaned, a noise that got louder as Alice yanked her skirt and panties down and started to lick her ass. 

Once they had got the teacher good and wet, the sisters backed off. Miss Jones stumbled slightly, coming out of her reverie as she realised they weren't playing with her anymore. 

"Do you think I look better as a blonde?" Stacey asked. She concentrated and her hair changed colour, shining a bright gold. "Oh! Or how about no hair at all?" A moment later she was bald. 

Alice laughed. "You look ridiculous. But I reckon red hair suits me." 

Stacey nodded approvingly at the change in her twin. "You're right. That really is quite fetching. As for me, I think I'll stick to my usual brown, but maybe make it a bit longer." Her hair grew back rapidly and kept on going until it reached the small of her back. "But now the big question," she continued. She turned to the class. "How big do you think our cocks should be? Tell me when to stop." 

She focused her energy and a cock began to grow out of her. It grew to six inches, then ten, then twelve. For every few inches in length it also gained an inch in girth. But the class stayed silent, utterly rapt by the spectacle before them. Twenty inches it reached, then twenty-five. Stacey had to rest it on the desk to support the weight. She laughed as it kept on going. If the desk hadn't been there, the tip of her cock would now be resting on the floor between her feet. 

"I think that's going a little far, girls," she chuckled. "We don't actually want to break Miss Jones." She shrunk it back until it was a slightly more modesty eighteen inches long but still thick. 

Alice emulated her sister but she added a pair of grapefruit-sized testicles as well. 

"Ooh, good idea!" Stacey exclaimed and created a pair for herself, too. She moved to make them swing from side to side and laughed. "This is going to be so much fun." 

She turned to Miss Jones. Without even having to be asked, the teacher went to her knees before her, her eyes fixed on the giant member dangling in front of her face. 

"Let's see if she can deepthroat," Alice said eagerly. 

Stacey nodded and aimed her cock at Jessica's mouth. She opened up but could barely wrap her lips around the head, let alone take in the rest. Stacey paused a moment and reduced her dick's thickness a little until it fitted much easier. While they could adapt their own bodies, they couldn't do the same to others. That skill was only available to the Futas themselves, and she didn't want to do her favourite teacher any harm. 

With a slightly thinner cock, she was able to guide a lot more of it into Miss Jones's mouth. She hit the back of her throat, making her gag, but she didn't stop. The teacher looked up at her worshipfully as inch after inch slid into her. She managed to take all but the last five inches before she had to stop. Her eyes watered with the strain of keeping such a huge thing down her throat. Stacey waited until the last moment before pulling her cock back out. Jones choked, spit running out of her mouth. Stacey caught the drool on her penis, then positioned it for another throat fucking. Despite her discomfort, the teacher straightened and readied herself. This time Stacey held her head still and fucked her mouth like it was her cunt. 

The students pressed closer, desperate to get a better view of this unbelievable action. Their teacher was choking and gagging on this monster cock but apparently she was loving every second of it, for one of her hands was jammed down between her legs, frigging her pussy furiously. 

When Stacey had had enough she stepped aside and Alice took her place. But she didn't decide to start by going deep. First she had Miss Jones suck and lick her balls while her cock rested across her face. 

Stacey crouched down for a better look. "That is so fucking hot," she whispered. Jessica's tits were covered in her own spit. Stacey reached out and rubbed the fluid into them, making them shiny and sticky. I might ask Shemalias if we can keep her for ourselves, she mused. 

Once Alice's balls had received enough attention, she set to fucking her teacher's throat just like her twin had. She wasn't gentle and sometimes she held her cock in so long Jessica's eyes started to roll back in her head and Stacey worried she was going to pass out. Alice knew what she was doing though and always withdrew in time to give her some air. 

"Let's do her ass now," Stacey said eventually, figuring Miss Jones's mouth and throat had taken all the punishment they could handle. She took the teacher's hand and helped her to her feet. She then sat in the chair and bade her lover to sit on her. 
