 Chapter Seven - On The Run 

Amber slowly undressed Lucy, enjoying the gradual reveal of her beautiful little breasts with their pointy nipples. She had taken a liking to the petite Thai girl with the perfect, light brown skin from the moment she saw her in class that morning. Her breasts were soft, bouncy, and fitted perfectly in Amber's small hands. She bent down and took a nipple in her mouth. The student stifled a groan. 

She hadn't used her aura to influence the girl and neither had her Futa, Dorrei, who stood aside to watch the goings-on. All she had done was show Lucy her cock, which right now stood at a modest ten inches long. It turned out that Lucy was something of a school bike and loved nothing more than the taste and feel of a big cock inside her. Amber had allowed the Futas to alter her body to their hearts' content (if they had hearts) so now she had huge tits resting heavily against her chest. They must have been a J cup at least. She loved the feel of them in her hands even if carrying them around was tiring. 

Fortunately Amber's stomach had gone flat again after being bloated by so much Futa cum just an hour or so ago. It had been Warei who rescued her in the end, insisting that she get some fun of her own as well. That was when she found Lucy and invited her to this deserted classroom. Dorrei seemed unwilling to let her go alone, though, and tagged along with her. Lucy didn't seem especially perturbed by the presence of the demon for some reason. In fact she could barely take her eyes off the Futa's monster twenty-inch cock. 

Lucy pushed Amber away and turned to the Futa. "I want you to fuck me," she said. 

Dorrei seemed as taken aback as Amber. Who was this girl? But neither of them was going to turn down a demand like that. The Futa laid down on her back, her cock reaching an obscene height above her. Lucy, clad in just her little tartan school skirt, stood over her. She hitched her skirt up round her waist and carefully lowered herself down. 

"Oh fuck," she whispered as the first couple of inches pushed inside of her, stretching her pussy out. But any discomfort she felt didn't put her off. She forced more and more inside her, holding onto a nearby desk for support. She got over halfway down the shaft before she had to pause for a rest. 

"Now I understand," Dorrei said. "You were not the first to take a liking to this girl, Amber. She has taken in so much cum from the other Futas that it has altered her mind forever. She craves more of it now." 

"Shut up and fuck me," Lucy growled. 

Dorrei bucked her hips, pushed another couple of inches into the student. Amber crouched down alongside them for a closer look. The girl's pussy stretched wider to accommodate the giant cock until it almost looked like it would never recover afterwards. When Lucy finally stopped, not even an inch of the penis was outside her body. She put her hands to her belly, where a bulge was visible. She let out a satisfied moan, but then turned to Amber. 

"I want you in my ass," she told her. "Do it now." 

It didn't even occur to Amber to refuse her. What this girl wanted, she would get. She moved behind her. Lucy bent forward, leaning on Dorrei, to give her better access. Her asshole winked open invitingly, so close to her overfilled cunt. Amber lined her cock up with that tight hole. On an impulse she thickened her shaft with a moment's concentration. When she slid the first inch in, Lucy cried out and orgasmed. Her asshole contracted and Amber had to pause until she could push any more in. She loved the feel of the little hole tightening further around the head of her cock. As soon as Lucy calmed down a little, Amber slid the rest of her length in. 

The Thai girl now had a combined thirty inches of cock in her and that finally seemed to satisfy her. Amber took a grip on her waist and began to pump her in a smooth motion, nearly pulling out of her before slamming every inch back in. each time she went all in, it elicited a grunt from her lover. As she pounded her ass, Lucy ground her crotch against Dorrei. The waves of pleasure emanating from her pussy and butt were almost too much for her mind to deal with but she was determined to stay alert and savour every second of it. None of the men she had ever been with, not even James the school's chaplain, had come close to making her feel like this. She wanted more. 

All too soon, as far as Lucy was concerned, she felt the cock in her ass clench. Amber could feel it coming and made no effort to prolong it. She let out a cry as she came, flooding the student's ass with her sperm. Moments later, she felt Dorrei reach her climax too. She produced gallons of cum, pouring it into Lucy, who was a willing receptacle. She screamed as her own orgasm hit. 

Amber pulled back, releasing her cock from Lucy's ass, and stepped away. With a groan, the student rolled off the Futa beneath her and sprawled on the floor, cum leaking out of her holes. Amber wiped the excess cum off the tip of her cock and stared down at Lucy. She had such lovely, slim legs. Her skin was flawless, and that was without any Futa intervention. Her cock twitched, ready for another turn already. 

The door opened behind her. She turned to find Warei, her eyes on Lucy. 

"Dorrei," she said, "take your new pet down there and leave me alone with Amber." 

"Why?" Dorrei asked. 

"I don't have time to explain. Just leave us!" 

Amber froze, her gaze darted between the two Futas. She didn't want Dorrei to leave her - there looked to be something wrong with Warei. She was jumpy, on edge about something. But Dorrei only hesitated another second before picking Lucy up off the floor and departing. Warei slammed the door behind them and advanced on Amber, pinning her against the teacher's desk. Amber's eyes went wide. 

Warei stopped with her face barely two inches from Amber's. "I need your help," the Futa said. 

***** 

Amy let out a gasp as she ejaculated inside Lexa, filling her anal cavity with semen. She felt utterly drained, but at the same time she didn't want this to end. She glanced around her as she pulled out and let Lexa droop over the back of the chair she was squatting on. The other students were all flat on the floor or sprawled over the desks, each with their own pools of cum around them and many of them with their hair matted to the heads with cum as well. All of them had been fucked at least once in the past few hours. 

This was, without doubt, the best morning of her life. 

Finally spent, she fell back into a chair and let her eyes close. She didn't think she had ever felt so satiated in her life, not even when she was making love to her sister and her mother. The thought of that threesome still brought a smile to her face. 

She must have drifted off, for the next thing she knew, Kalei was shaking her awake. Amy roused herself, grumpy at being awoken until she saw the look on Kalei's face - sheer panic. 

"What is it?" she asked. "What's wrong?" 

"We are summoned. Shemalias wants to see us all. Now!" 

The schoolgirls didn't seem in a hurry to move. Amy left them hoping that they would still be there when she got back. She had to trot to keep up with Kalei. Whatever the reason for the summons, it was clear to Amy that something was seriously wrong. 

When they arrived at the cellar, they found the others had all got there before them. The Futas were gathered to one side. On the other, Stacey, Alice and Amber - who now appeared to have gained an enormous pair of breasts. In the middle, Warei knelt before Shemalias. The demon queen towered over her subject and Amy could fairly feel the rage emanating from her. Amy frowned. There was no sign of her sister. Where was Carla? 

Shemalias' icy gaze settled on her. "Where is your sister?" she demanded. 

She blinked. "The last time I saw her, she was here with you. Why? What's happened?" 

Instead of responding, Shemalias said, "Kalei, have you been with your Futanari pet all morning?" 

"Yes, my queen," the Futa said. "We have spent the entire morning in one of the classrooms. Whatever has happened, Amy had nothing to do with it." 

"Unless they planned it out between them before they even performed the summoning." 

Kalei bowed her head. "Of course, my queen, that is possible." 

Amy glanced from one to the other. "What the hell is going on? I don't understand!" 

"Your sister has decided to flee," Shemalias said. "While I was ... distracted, she took her chance to run away." Her gaze flickered to a body heaped against the far wall. Amy stared at it. It took her a while to realise who it was - Paula, the girl Carla had been so keen on before all this happened. It looked as though she had been thrown against the wall. Hard. 

Amy swallowed and looked away. Remind me never to get on her wrong side, she thought. 

"Why would Carla run?" Stacey asked. "It doesn't make sense." 

But Amy thought back to all those times her sister seemed reluctant to do something, how she seemed to have great reservations about releasing more Futa Ghosts and then Shemalias herself. She had needed encouragement and reassurance virtually every step of the way. The more she thought about it, the less shocked she was at Carla's choice. Nevertheless, it reflected badly on the rest of them, Amy in particular. Would Shemalias still trust them? Carla could have ruined things for all of them. So selfish. It's down to me to restore Shemalias' trust in us. 

She stepped forward. "Queen Shemalias, please allow me to hunt her down. I'm sure she must have gone home. I can talk her round and bring her back, I promise." 

But the demon queen shook her head. "Before we deal with her, there is the matter of Warei here, her accomplice. I am disappointed in you, child. You sided with a mere human ahead of me, your queen. Why?" 

Warei kept her head bowed. "I did not know she would flee, my queen. I only brought Paula to you because I feared you would break Carla if you fucked her exclusively. I swear it." 

"I do not believe you. Do you forget that I know your soul, child? You formed too close a bond with your pet and now you cannot be loyal to your queen. Your guilt is not in doubt. The only question here is what to do with you. I did consider a simple execution." 

Warei flinched. "Please, mistress, let me prove my loyalty to you. I will do whatever it takes." 

"But I decided execution would be too easy," Shemalias continued as if the Futa hadn't spoken. "Betrayal deserves a greater punishment. So, Warei of Shemalias Clan, I banish you to Hell, there to remain for all time. Go." 

She waved a hand and a cloud of mist rose up and enveloped Warei. The Futa didn't even have time to scream before the mist vanished, taking her with it. 

Into the shocked silence, Shemalias said, "Now onto Carla. She too has betrayed me, but as a mere human she does not know the extent of her crime. I am inclined to be lenient ... provided she return to me soon." 

"Then let me go talk to her," Amy said, trying to forget about what had just happened. "I know I can convince her." 

"No. You are too close to her. Your thought about her home is a good one, though. Someone should go there." 

Amber stepped forward. "Please allow me, queen. I'd be happy to serve." 

"Very well. Go now. Stacey and Alice, search the rest of the town." 

Amy watched the other girls leave. "But ... what about me?" 

Shemalias turned to her. "You are forbidden from returning to your home, but you can still be of use. I understand you have made a few pets of your own - I suggest you make use of them in your search." 

"I understand," Amy said with a smile. "Thank you, queen. I promise I won't let you down." 

***** 

Carla had found an old coat on a bench just outside the school. Judging from the smell, it belonged to a tramp, but right now she did not care. She needed something, anything, to cover her nudity. She wrapped it about herself and kept on moving. 

She earned more than a few curious glances as she padded barefoot across town but thankfully nobody stopped to ask her what was wrong or otherwise hold her up. She kept expecting to see one of the Futas or Shemalias herself come chasing after her but there was nothing. She hoped that meant her escape hadn't been noticed yet, but she thought it more likely that the demon queen still wasn't ready for the rest of the world to know about her presence. 

She had no real plan beyond getting home. All she knew was that she needed her mum and dad. Working out how to convince them of that would have to wait until she got there. 

By the time her house came into view, she was almost running in desperation. She saw her neighbour start to speak to her but she ignored him. She raced to the door which fortunately was unlocked, as she didn't have her keys with her. She slammed the door shut behind her. 

James was sat in the living room reading one of his religious books. He looked up and frowned at the sight of his daughter. "Where have you been?" he demanded. "And what on earth are you wearing?" 

"Where's Mum?" Carla asked instead of answering him. 

"In the bathroom. She's been feeling ill these past few mornings. I don't know what's gotten into her. If I didn't know better, I'd say she was pregnant." 

Carla froze. "Pregnant? Are you sure she isn't?" 

"I should hope so! I had the snip years ago and your mother is not the type to play away." 

Not knowingly, no, Carla thought, a sick feeling forming in her stomach. Is it even possible? She thought back to that day Ava had caught her and Amy in the library. Both of them had fucked their mum, but it was Carla who came in her pussy. Could a Futa Ghost's cock really impregnate someone? 

"Now stop changing the subject," James said. "I asked you what you are wearing." 

"It's a coat," Carla replied. "Dad, I really need your-" 

"What's that smell?" a voice from behind her said. She spun to find her mother at the foot of the stairs. Her face was a strange shade of green and she had a hand covering her mouth. "Carla? What are you doing in that filthy old thing?" 

"Oh Mum, thank God you're here!" She wanted to ask for help but instead she broke down in tears. Huge sobs wracked her body. 

"Oh sweetie, what's wrong?" Her own problems forgotten, Ava enveloped her daughter in a hug, trying to ignore how the smell of the coat made her want to vomit again. "Talk to me, my darling. Tell me everything." She guided Carla to the couch and sat her down. 

So Carla told her parents everything, from finding the book in her father's library to convincing Amy to join her, to summoning Shemalias in the school's cellar. The only bit she kept out was Ava's own involvement in the story. 

"And now Shemalias wants to take over the world and it's all my fault!" she finished, choking back another sob. 

Her parents stood over her. The look of disbelief on Ava's face would have been comical in other circumstances. 

"What is this drivel?" she asked when Carla went silent. "If you aren't prepared to tell us the truth, what's the point? Why come up with such a silly story?" 

"Because it's true!" Carla cried. "Every last word of it. Dad, you believe me, don't you?" 

James was frowning at her. "Do you mean to tell me that book actually works?" he asked. 

Ava turned on him. "There really is a summoning book in your library?" she exclaimed. "Why would you keep such a thing?" 

"It worked," Carla said. "I summoned a Futa Ghost called Warei, who lived in my body for weeks until we released Shemalias. Please, we have to get out of here! They will be coming after me!" 

"Where is Amy right now?" James asked. 

"She's still at the school, I think. I'm worried that Shemalias has control of her mind. She and the others don't seem to see the danger." 

"I've heard enough!" Ava snapped. "This whole thing is ridiculous! Ghosts, demons, giant vanishing penises? Where do you get all this stuff?" 

Carla surged to her feet and opened her coat, letting it fall to the floor, leaving her naked in front of her parents. "Look at me, Mum! You remember how I used to look? Now look at me! Look at how much bigger my breasts are, how flat my stomach is, how toned my legs are! How do you think all that happened?" 

"I thought ... you had just started working out more, like your sister." But uncertainty warred with her anger now. 

"It is true that I've noticed changes in you lately," James said. "You and Amy both. So the Futa Ghosts really are released into the world ..." 

"Do you mean to tell me all this is real?" Ava asked. "James, please, tell me this is all some kind of wind-up!" 

"I wish I could. The Futa Ghosts and their queens are a secret the church has kept for a long time. They were never meant to be revealed to the public, let alone unleashed back on the world. Carla, are you sure they wish to take over the world? During my research into them, I was led to understand that they are a peaceful race, that they wish only to co-exist with us. I always thought their imprisonment in Hell was a little harsh." 

"I'm sure, Dad. Shemalias herself said as much. So you see, we have to get out of here!" 

"Running away is not the solution. We have to stop them ..." 

"Is that even possible?" 

"I think so. You say they are all staying within the school for now? That gives us a chance." 

Ava looked from her husband to her daughter and back again. "You two might as well be speaking a foreign language for all the sense you're making!" 

"Mum," Carla said, "please just trust us for now." 

"That would be easier if you weren't standing naked in front of me right now as if that was perfectly normal." 

Carla glanced down. She had almost forgotten that she had no clothes on. "I'll go get dressed," she said, "but then we really have to go." 

"I agree," James said. "Ava, we need to speak to your sister." 

"Rebecca? Why? You always said we should keep her out of our lives for our own safety!" 

"I know, but that is the very reason we need her now. Her, and her criminal connections." 

Despite everything that was happening, Carla felt an overwhelming sense of relief. She wasn't on her own, her parents were helping her. Everything would be all right. 

***** 

While Amber departed for Carla's house and Stacey and Alice went to scour the streets, Amy returned to her class of chosen students. She apprised them of the situation, then told Zoe and a girl called Sara to get dressed and come with her. Sara had jet black skin, her hair was braided. She had pale blue eyes in stark contrast to the darkness of her skin, and dark red lips. Her best assets were her big, soft breasts though. Amy felt she made a good combination with the pale-skinned Zoe. The three of them set out from the school. Amy wore her jogging gear - a tight white top with tight, very short shorts. The others wore their uniforms concealed beneath coats. 

Amy borrowed one of the teachers' cars and a few minutes later they reached their destination - the headquarters of the Herald, their local newspaper. The staff looked a little taken aback at the sight of the three young women requesting a meeting with their boss. Amy had to exert a little of her aura over them to get what they wanted. 

Soon they were ushered into an opulent office, big and spacious and airy. A large desk dominated it, behind which sat a man in his late forties or early fifties, his grey hair thinning and his belly beginning to expand enough to strain his belt. Amy ushered her two girls in and shut the door behind them. She immediately closed the blinds on the windows. 

"Can I help you ladies?" the editor asked, getting to his feet. 

"I hope so, Mr Anderson," Amy said, smiling at him. She motioned the students to take up seats along one of the side walls, then seated herself at his desk. "Or may I call you Peter?" 
