 Author's Note: A word of warning: this contains the following; Futanari, Massive Penis Sizes (upwards of two feet in length), Extreme Cum Inflation, and Mild Corruption). Also, please be sure to have read the first chapter before this.

*****

Carmen sat upright in an instant, panting.

"That was a weird dream." She muttered, raising a hand to wipe the sleep from her eyes. As she did so however, she felt something wet on her hand. Frowning, Carmen opened her eyes and looked at it, seeing it was covered in cum. She gave a small groan, thinking she had been jacking off in her sleep, until she shifted her legs, finding her clothes, sheets and duvet were drenched. Naturally confused, Carmen was about to throw off the covers.

"How did you sleep?" Asked a husky voice, familiar from her dream. The confused girl turned and saw Ryuuka hanging from the ceiling, almost like a monkey. Even in her confusion, Carmen's eyes were quickly drawn to the massive, flaccid cock between the Seikogami's thighs. Taking control, she looked away, keeping her gaze well away from the god.

"This is real." She stated, though Ryuuka answered anyway.

"Yep, and I gotta say. You used the notebook pretty well." She commented, dropping down and landing softly, her cock lightly grazing the floor. Carmen's eyes widened at the mention of the Futa Note, her mind flashing back to the dream. Worried, she pulled the covers away, revealing her completely naked body, and the nearly obscene member between her legs. It was flaccid, thankfully, however it was still far larger than anything she was used to. Looking at it, she was certain it was at least ten inches in its current state.

"It's true... all of it." She gasped and frantically looked for the notebook, finding it by her side, though remarkably free of any cum. Not even a drop had touched its cover. She quickly grabbed it and opened it to the page with her transformation on it, reading through it in horror, "Oh god..."

"Yes?" Ryuuka playfully answered and chuckled to herself, but Carmen paid her no mind. She reached out and found a rubbed, immediately trying to remove the text about herself, but nothing worked. Desperate, Carmen tried to pull the page out, but it wouldn't budge. Moving to her last resort, she pulled out a lighter from beneath her bed, left there by her mother some time ago, "That won't work." The Seikogami teased, but the human tried it nonetheless, flicking the switch. The flame appeared as normal, but the paper didn't burn at all. The flame just dissipated when it would try and touch the book.

Carmen dropped the lighter in defeat and threw the notebook onto the floor.

"I'm stuck with this massive thing." She lamented, staring down at her cock. If there was any silver lining to this, her breasts were a great deal larger, actually giving her quite the bust.

"Yep, though it's still on the small side if you ask me." Ryuuka commented, sitting on Carmen's desk chair and lounging back on it. The futa looked at the god, remembering the ruling in the notebook.

"Ryuuka, can you change me back, please?" She asked, attempting to use the most endearing tone she could muster. Ryuuka simply cackled, throwing her head back. The sound was both chilling and arousing, "What? Will you or won't you?!"

"Of course not, sweetie. Why would I reverse such a positive change?" She answered, still chuckling to herself. Carmen stood and was about to physically threaten the god, uncaring that she was an immortal being. She was stopped however, by a sudden knocking on her door, the voice of her mother soon following.

"Carmen? I'm coming in." The futa was back under the covers immediately, pulling them up to her chin. Alicia walked in, just as Carmen settled, "Good, you're awake. Come on, get up." She said abruptly, picking some of Carmen's discarded clothes.

"What?" The hiding girl groaned, "Why?"

"We're going out to dinner to celebrate our new wealth." She said, her tone excited and exasperated as well. Her daughter was certain she had been trying to figure it out, how they had come into so much money, though trying not to look a gift horse in the mouth. Carmen gave a small groan.

"Really, mum?" She asked, trying not to sound ungrateful, only sick. Alicia wasn't taking any of it however, and walked up to her oldest child.

"Yes, now get up. Melody is waiting." Carmen gave another groan, leading to her mother reaching out to grab the sheets.

"Mummy! My laces came undone!" Came the voice of Carmen's saviour, Melody. Alicia looked at her eldest, before sighing.

"Coming, sweetie! Get up, we're going in five minutes." She said in parting and left the room. Carmen breathed a sigh of relief and sat up, throwing the covers away and moved her legs over the side. It was far from an ideal time to go out in public, however she didn't have much of a choice. Her mother was stubborn on the best of days, but when she was excited or disturbed by something, Carmen was sure she'd have an easier time breaking a brick with her pinkie finger. Ryuuka chuckled.

"Your mum's got a nice ass, Carmen." She said, her cock giving a little twitch in longing. Carmen blushed and looked away, not wanting to admit that she had taken notice of her mother's 'assets' herself.

"Shut up, Ryuuka." She said and stood, heading to her small wardrobe. Looking at her meagre collection of clothes, she suddenly realised a new problem; how to explain her new bust size to her mother. She looked down at herself, the mounds almost like a pair of volleys on her chest, though they sagged enough to appear real. For a moment, Carmen found herself simply staring at them, taking in the perfect, tear drop shape and large nipples that capped them. A small, but noticeable, twitch from her cock brought her attention back to the issue at hand.

She picked up shirt after shirt. None were quite big enough to hide her new endowments, all them having been fairly tight even before her change. Fortunately, she had one, faded black shirt that was a few sizes too big prior. She pulled it on, but it only did so much, as such she also pulled on a baggy sweater, usually reserved for the winter. Thankfully, it mostly did the trick, keeping the bulge of her expanded bust to a minimum. The only remaining issue was her cock, however she only needed to maintain control.

Checking herself in the mirror, Carmen nodded and took a deep breath. As she left the room, she glanced back, eyes naturally falling on the Futa Note. She looked around, before sighing and walking forward, picking it up and putting it into a small backpack. As she went to open the door, she saw Ryuuka walking beside her.

"What're you doing?" She asked, turning to face the Seikogami, who tilted her head innocently.

"Joining you for dinner. You can't really expect me to stay here, can you?" She asked, though didn't wait for a response, simply floating through the door. Carmen sighed and resigned herself to her fate, opening the door and leaving her room. To her fortune, it was fairly cold outside, so her baggy sweater wasn't quite so out of place. The restaurant wasn't fancy as she had feared it to be, though it was fairly expensive. No, it was your typical family restaurant with a kids menu and all. Walking inside, Carmen was pleasantly surprised to find that they were one of the few families there.

As they were led to their table, by a nice young waiter she took note of another curious fact. The majority of the staff working there were women. She was easily able to rationalise it, thinking that most kids were more comfortable around grown women, rather than men. However, it also posed a rather serious issue to Carmen as she looked around. A great many of the waitresses were exceptionally good looking.

Not without effort, she managed to keep her eyes firmly on the table. That is, until their waitress came. Carmen was brought up to be as polite as possible, as such, when she ordered, she looked up and into the server's eyes. This proved to be a downfall on her part. The waitress, like the others, was like a fashion model come to life.

Her face was perfectly shaped. Round, but in a cute way, with a button nose and full, ruby red lips. Her eyes were on the large size, almost like a character from an anime, with warm green irises. They were framed by thick lashes as well, with a small amount of eyeliner applied. Looking past her slender neck, Carmen felt her cock give a slight twitch. The waitress was far from just a pretty face, with a body that would have far surpassed Carmen's before using the notebook, with what were undoubtedly DD cup breasts. Her slim waist flared out into voluptuous hips.

Her thighs were obscured by the table, but Carmen had no doubt they were equally delightful to the eye.

"Are you ready to order?" She asked. Her tone was polite as any servers would be, though Carmen swore she caught an undeniable hint of huskiness to it. Ryuuka chuckled behind them, eyeing the waitress as much as the futa was.

"Yes," Alicia answered, "From the kid's menu, we'll have the chicken nuggets and fries, with some salad on the side. For myself, I'll have the spaghetti bolognaise, and Carmen," She looked at her eldest daughter, who appeared stuck in her own little world, "What'll you have, dear?" She asked, lightly prodding her. Carmen jumped slightly, looking around like she had just woken up.

"Huh? Um, uh, what?" She asked, trying to readjust her thoughts to reality, rather than the waitress's body.

"What're you ordering, sweetie?" Her mother asked, frowning in worry. Perhaps she really should have stayed at home, she thought.

"Um, sorry... I'll have," You, she thought to herself, before shaking the idea loose, "I'll just have a large salad." She said and put her menu down, avoiding eye contact with her mother. Alicia continued to frown at her, but said nothing.

"Alright, and drinks?" The waitress inquired.

"I want a coke!" Melody all but shouted, excited since she was rarely allowed soda. The waitress smiled at her and wrote it down on her notepad.

"I'll have an iced tea, if you have them?" Alicia asked, to which the waitress nodded. She turned to Carmen.

"And you, sweet cheeks? The waitress asked, causing the futa girl to do a double take.

"Sorry?"

"What drink would you like?" The waitress asked again, frowning. Had the term used been Carmen's imagination? She shook the worries away, frowning internally.

"I'll just have a coke as well." She answered, hearing Ryuuka give a small chuckle. The waitress nodded and left.

"She's something, ain't she?" The god asked amused, no doubt able to read the desire in Carmen's eyes. The futa looked down, trying to focus on the nice floral pattern on the ground. Her cock was already slightly engorged with arousal, though fortunately it was still under control, but how long it would last was unknown. Eventually, the waitress came back with their drinks and, though Carmen couldn't say if it was her imagination or not, she appeared to wink at the futa girl, before leaving. Carmen didn't say anything about this, not sure if she believed it herself or not.

Ryuuka was completely blatant as she ogled the waitress. Carmen could practically feel it as the god's shaft twitched in desire, though whether the Seikogami was doing it on purpose was questionable. As the futa tried to enjoy her meal, she would often catch Ryuuka out of the corner of her eye, the inhuman cock a tiny bit larger each time. Though she would never admit it, Carmen's own phallus was beginning to strain her pants, particularly since the waitress checked in frequently. When they were having desert, Ryuuka leaned in and whispered into her ear.

"Wouldn't you like some action with that? I mean, just look at that big ass in those tight, revealing pants." She whispered, and, against her wishes, Carmen's eyes would wander to the waitress, "You know, I can sense a human's lust," Ryuuka continued, "She's been eying you up the entire evening." Carmen shuddered, her mind filling with undesired sexual thoughts.

"Are you okay, Carmen?" Alicia asked, concerned for her child.

"If you're not gonna eat your cake, I will." Melody added, eying Carmen's slice of luscious chocolate cake with obvious want, despite her own slice sitting half eaten on her plate.

"No way are you getting my cake. My cake, mine, mine, mine." She repeated playfully, grinning at her younger sister, who giggled at this. Alicia also seemed to relax, though she kept a worried eye on her. Carmen began eating, even as Ryuuka continued whispering in her ear. Was it Ryuuka? She never turned or looked to check. Maybe she was just going crazy after what happened?

"Can you imagine how wet she'll be when you show her what you're packing?" The god said, giving a small groan to accentuate the moan, "Or maybe you still feel inadequate around me? If you use the book again, to say... give yourself a five foot dick, then maybe you'll feel better." Carmen would never admit aloud, but the temptation was there. If she was a weak willed person, she no doubt would have used the book again by now, however she was able to resist. However, the notebook was in her mind now.

They eventually finished their desert. The waitress came back to clean up and ask how the meal was, and Carmen was finally able to see her name tag: Serena. The futa kept her eyes cast downward, not wanting to further her growing desire. Her mind went to the Futa Note, hidden in her bag, and her eyes travelled back to Serena. Carmen licked her lips as she imaged the waitress growing a cock as big as Ryuuka's, maybe a few other changes to go with it. She didn't know what the limits of the book was yet after all, she still needed to experiment a little more.

Carmen visibly tensed up. She couldn't get rid of the idea, now, it was rooted in her mind. Her eyes would no longer obey her, ogling Serena blatantly. The waitress noticed this and gave her a smile, winking as she picked up the plates. She glanced at the restrooms and mouthed to Carmen, when her mother and sister weren't looking, 'five minutes'. The futa nearly shook her head and replied 'no', but she simply nodded.

Serena smirked and walked back to the kitchen. Carmen knew she was aware of her eyes on her, since the waitress swayed her hips sensually with her stride.

"I'm just, um, gonna use the bathroom. That cake isn't sitting right." She said to her mother, giving herself an excuse for why she may be a while. Alicia nodded, smiling slightly.

"Okay, dear. Take your time." She said, assuming an upset stomach was the reason Carman had been acting odd that evening. Carmen guessed this to be her thought as well, and gave a small grin. If only she knew, she thought and stood, heading to the restroom. It was the kind where you can lock the door to the room itself, something Carmen was grateful for. She had no desire to be caught with her pants down by a stranger, or her family. 

But she was about to do something with a stranger. She'd never met Serena before, and knew nothing about her. Maybe she had an STD? Or was she looking for some form of affection because she was a closet lesbian? Or did she just want a quick and simple thrill? As Carmen thought about it more, she found she couldn't focus on any negative sides of it. Eventually, she began to come to her senses a little and moved to leave, but then the door opened, and in walked Serena. The futa felt her cock give a small twitch of longing.

The waitress was still in her uniform. A plain, black - tight - t-shirt, with a pair of skinny jeans that hugged her curves perfectly. Over it, she had an apron, though it was soon discarded and Carmen found that the shirt was a button-up. She gulped as Serena gave her a sensual grin, reaching behind herself to lock the door.

"I almost got worried there." She said as she strode confidently towards Carmen. Her hips swayed hypnotically with each step. The futa was silent, watching the waitress with wide eyes, "You didn't look interested, but here you are." Serena whispered seductively, now directly in front of Carmen, who said nothing. Her eyes tried to look anywhere but at the gorgeous waitress, however that was impossible, the girl's large chest drawing her gaze easily. Serena chuckled huskily at this.

"Want a better view?" She asked, but didn't wait for an answer. Instead she began to unbutton her shirt, moving slowly from the top. Carmen gulped as the first two buttons were undone, the third revealing the first glimpses of Serena's substantial cleavage. The futa's cock stirred at the beginnings of what promised to be a gorgeous view. As more and more breast flesh was revealed, Carmen found her hands twitching in longing.

Serena noticed this and laughed. She stopped removing the buttons halfway, leaving Carmen on the cusp of getting a full view of her bust.

"Would you like to do the honours?" The waitress asked and, before she could even formulate a response, Carmen's hands yanked at the shirt, popping several buttons off. Serena only giggled at this, amused by the futa girl's eagerness. With no buttons to hold it there, the waitress removed her shirt, giving Carmen a full view of her bra clad breasts. The eager futa quickly pulled her desire in close and kissed her on the lips.

Carmen had no idea why she was acting this way. Her body was moving on its own, hugging Serena tight, while keeping her hardening cock from being discovered. But the primary issue Carmen had with her actions, was her inability to find the will to stop. She tried to focus on how wrong this was, but each time she was about to stop, her lust took control and she pressed harder against the waitress. Eventually, her mind stopped fighting and settled into the desire coursing through her. 

Serena's lips had look full and inviting. Now, Carmen was able to confirm how delightful they were. They were soft, warm and incredible against hers, like a pair of pillows. The futa quickly pushed her tongue into the waitress's mouth, licking around and toying with the other girl's tongue. Both of them moaned into the other, hands exploring each other's backs now. Carmen quickly gripped Serena's ass in her hands, enjoying how soft, yet firm, the cheeks were. While the waitress held her hips, pulling her as close as possible.

Eventually, Serena pulled away from the kiss. She moved a hand to caress Carmen's cheek, before running it over her neck and sweater, pouting.

"You're a little overdressed, sweetie." She stated, Carmen instantly understanding and pulled her sweater and shirt off. She tossed them aside and looked at the waitress, eyes practically glistening in her lust. Serena didn't say a word at the sight of her breasts, simply taking them in. They were shaped marvellously, teardrops and capped by large, swollen areolae and nipples. She looked up at Carmen's eyes, silently saying 'someone's excited', but didn't speak it aloud. Instead she pulled the well-endowed girl close.

In a corner of Carmen's lust hazed mind, she was glad her bulging cock hadn't been seen. Her breasts were enough to distract the lesbian waitress completely, as she began to fondle them excitedly. Carmen moaned low at the touch, reaching back with her own hands to undo Serena's bra, releasing her bountiful tits to the world. Both girls were soon groping each other, the futa's fingers teasing the waitress's engorged nipples, occasionally pinching her lustful peaks. As they continued to stimulate the other, Carmen's cock struggled against her pants.

It was an uphill battle. Her dick would not be denied, as blood pumped into it, bringing it closer and closer to her full glory. She could feel it against her thigh, snaking further down her leg, however it went ignored. Serena's breasts encompassed her entire being at that moment. Their shape, their size, their feel. The way Serena moaned as Carmen played with her nipples.
