 The path had been treacherous, but finally, Mary of Grassdale, knight of the Seventh Order, had reached her destination. Many months of trekking through dangerous wilderness had led the young knight to where she was, standing at the bottom of a set of weathered stone steps, reaching up high, to a dark, demonic castle. Spikes jutted out of the terrifying structure, a lightning storm perpetually overhead. Mary braved the wind and the rain as she purposefully strode up the steps, droplets pinging off her armor as she ascended.

The door to the evil castle was massive. Mary grabbed a wrought iron knocker and slammed it against the bright red, demonically warped oak three times, her teeth rattling as the booming sounds rattled through the fortress. Silently, as if on their own free will, the giant double doors swung open, and Mary entered the dark, foreboding castle.

Torches lit the walls, adorned with tapestries of demonic bloodshed, tributes to the underworld, a whole other plane of existence, one of hellish torment. A lesser knight would attempt to escape, but Mary swallowed her fear and continued, the clanking of her iron boots echoing in the cavernous hallway. In this oppressive atmosphere, Mary's gleaming armor felt ten times as heavy, but the brave swordmaiden continued, eyes wide as she beheld the skeletons of men who had dared enter before her.

After nearly an eternity marching down the foreboding hallway, Mary came upon a pair of large, solid gold double doors. The faint smell of sulfur stung Mary's nose.

"This is it," Mary whispered, gritting her teeth, as she prepared to open the doors.

Despite the she-knight's considerable strength, the doors would not budge. Mary continued pushing with all her might, until the doors effortlessly swung open, causing Mary to crash into the next room. Scrambling to her feet, Mary unsheathed her sword.

"Demon! Show yourself!" Mary shouted. "I have come to slay you!"

As if on command, hellish fire burst from the floor in front of Mary, illuminating a twisted throne, of rusty iron and bones. Sitting atop the throne was none other than the demon Mary had set out to slay, stark naked.

"You have killed many of my people!" Mary shouted. "I am here to destroy you!"

The busty demoness looked down on Mary, pointy red tail flitting about restlessly, bright yellow eyes burning into Mary's very soul. "You're a girl," the demon stated plainly.

"As strong as any man, even stronger!" Mary shouted, remaining steadfast. Whatever mind games this foul, yet unbelievably attractive, demon was playing wouldn't work on this knight. Although she was incredibly good-looking...

Mary shook her head. "Fight me, demon!" she commanded.

Chuckling, the demoness got off of her throne. "I'm sorry, but I don't fight girls," she said coldly. "Perhaps you'll make a good concubine for my minions in the underworld..."

"Prepare to die, demon!" Mary shouted, charging. Mary's sword came crashing down on the demoness' ample bosom, instantly shattering to pieces the second it touched her otherworldly skin.

"W-wha..." Mary stuttered, unable to comprehend what had just happened. "B-but that blade was forged by a master weaponsmith! I-it's nigh unbreakable!"

"I'm a demon, honey," the demoness said coolly. "Now, let's see what we're working with...my minions have rather discerning tastes in concubines..."

Effortlessly, the demon tore Mary's chestplate off, revealing her bare breasts.

"Nice tits, if I do say so myself," the demoness mused, groping Mary's ample breasts. "And inverted nipples? Very interesting..."

Mary couldn't help herself emitting a soft moan as the demon queen sensually massaged her breasts.

"Hmm? Are you enjoying being molested?" the demon queen asked, bemused.

"N-no!" Mary denied.

"You're so bad at hiding your feelings," the demon mused, giving Mary's tits a generous squeeze, causing the horny young knightess to gasp. "In fact, I bet you're sopping wet right now!"

Lowering herself to her knees, the demoness grabbed Mary's crotchplate.

"N-no! D-don't!!!" Mary shouted, but to no avail.

"Oh, knight pussy, say-" the demon started, tearing Mary's crotchplate off.

"-hello?" the demoness yelped, taken aback as she was greeted not by a wet pussy, but a thick, hard cock!

"You're a guy?" the demoness asked, looking up to Mary.

"N-no...well...sort of," Mary stammered, her face growing beet red. "I was born like this, I have boy and girl parts, they thought I was a boy at first and selected me at birth for knighthood...even though I have both sets of parts they continued with my training...and here I am...I'm a f-freak!"

Moving her hand behind Mary's hefty set of balls, the demoness smirked as she felt a hot, moist slit. "So you really do have both..." she mused. "My minions will be very intrigued by your...features. Now, let's get a closer look at this dick of yours."

"P-please stop," Mary pleaded. "J-just let me go."

"Why would I let a cock this magnificent go?" the demoness purred, putting her face to Mary's throbbing shaft. "Mmm, the scent of your cock is exhilarating. I can't believe a human female as beautiful as you could have such a striking, magnificent cock!"

Mary couldn't help but blush. It was so wrong of her to be turned on by the very demon she was supposed to destroy, but yet it felt so right!

"Do you want to know my name, honey?" the demoness asked, grabbing the base of Mary's shaft with her smooth, soft hand as her other hand invaded her own pussy. "No mortal has heard my true name before, but you seem...special."

"S-sure," Mary said. Why was this demon just offering her name to Mary? Rumor had it that if one knew the name of a demon, one could control that demon. Did this stunningly beautiful, red-skinned, demonic beauty want Mary to control her?

"It's Enn'kir'zxpl'ufarl'ghot," the demoness stated plainly. "But you may call me Enn."

"Enn," Mary repeated the demon queen's name.

"I'm aware of your human legends that knowing the name of demon gives you control over that demon," Enn said. "That is not true. I hate to burst your bubble, honey, but it's going to take a lot more than just you knowing my name to do that."

"Enn," Mary breathed. "Why are you doing this?"

Enn stopped her subtle manipulations of her pussy to look up at Mary. "Quite frankly," Enn said plainly, "you interest me. Now, how about I take care of your cock and you shut up, human."

At that, Enn began slowly stroking Mary's rock-hard cock, much to Mary's delight, the swordmaiden groaning as the skilled demoness wrapped her soft hands around Mary's thick, bulging shaft. "A human female with a huge, hot cock..." Enn said softly, moaning as three of her fingers assaulted her dripping pussy. "Now I've seen everything..."

"Oh, gods," Mary moaned, her cock throbbing in the demon queen's hand as Enn began to pick up the pace. "P-please keep going, don't stop..."

"Oh, I have no intention of stopping," Enn replied. "Are you getting close?"

"Y-yes," Mary replied, panting as Enn's hand shot up and down her hot, throbbing girlcock. "I'm going to come soon!"

"Go on!" Enn shouted. fingers furiously flying in and out of her own cunt while she jacked off Mary's monster meat. "Cum for me!"

"I'm coming!!!" Mary yelped, her body tensing as a bulge crept up her shaft, reaching the head in a flash, a torrent of cum surging out, catching Enn in the face.

"I'm cumming too!" Enn said, her demonic pussy tightening around her fingers as she came, juices flowing out of her cunt, down her thighs, dripping wetly on the stone floor. "Cum all over my face, baby!!!"

And cum all over Enn's face Mary did, her cock spasming in Enn's tight grip, thick ropes of hot spunk flying to Enn's face, coating it in a sticky, pearly layer of heady semen.

"Damn, you sure came a lot," Enn said, wiping her eyes free of Mary's cum. "And tasty, too!" Enn remarked, sampling the cum on her fingers. A long, sensual tongue rolled out of the demoness' mouth, effortlessly licking all of the cum off her face. Mary watched in amazement.

"Fucking delicious!" Enn said. "And you're still hard! I've got to taste more of your cum!"

"C-can you suck it?" Mary asked sheepishly. "P-please?"

"Honey, all you had to do was ask," Enn said sultrily, licking her lips. "I haven't tasted cock in over nine hundred years, a taste now would probably blow my mind, but, fuck, I want your cum too badly to pass it up!"

Enn wrapped her long, prehensile tongue around Mary's pulsating shaft, causing the dickgirl to moan in pleasure. "Y-your tongue feels so good," Mary moaned.

Enn slowly moved her mouth over Mary's swollen cockhead, the sheer pleasure of the act causing Mary's cock to release a glob of precum, which the demoness sucked down readily.

"Mmmf, sho delishush," Enn said, her voice muffled by Mary's cock as she began to take more and more of the monster meat into her mouth, her long tongue jerking Mary's prick off as it entered the demon queen's wet mouth.

"Your mouth! So good!" Mary cried, her cock slowly entering Enn's throat, the demoness gobbling up Mary's throbbing shaft. "It feels so good!"

Enn moaned into Mary's cock as her tongue continued stroking it, Mary's head now firmly in Enn's throat.

"I'm going to come!" Mary cried, grabbing Enn's horns as she thrust her hips, facefucking the demon queen with her hot cock. "I'm coming!"

Mary's cock twitched and shot out its massive fuckload, hot cum pouring down Enn's throat, slithering its way to the demon's waiting stomach, cum surging out of Mary's cock at such a rate that it filled up Enn's mouth, the demon reveling in the sweet taste of dickgirl semen. Mary continued humping Enn's face, each thrust sending a new spurt of tasty cum into Enn's mouth and throat. Her orgasm slackening off, Mary extracted her monster dick, excess cum spilling out of Enn's mouth.

"That...was...heavenly," Mary groaned, taking a moment to savor both the irony of that statement and the look on Enn's face, the demon blissfully full of cum. "But...gods...I'm still...oh gods..."

Mary stopped talking, staring in disbelief at her cock, still hard and ready to go even after cumming into Enn's mouth and throat.

"You're still hard!" Enn squealed with delight. "Not even the toughest demon can withstand one of my blowjobs, but your human cock is ready for more!"

"And..." Enn said seductively, laying on her back, "I am too."

The demoness spread her legs, revealing her dripping wet pussy. "I haven't taken a cock in over eight hundred years," Enn breathed. "and I've never taken a human cock before. Be my first."

Mary's cock screamed for release, throbbing in her hand as the she-knight idly stroked it. "Th-this is wrong," Mary said, unsure of herself. "I...I shouldn't be...copulating with a demon."

"Oh, would you kindly?" Enn teased, stretching her pussy wide, revealing the pink depths to the she-cocked swordmaiden standing before her.

Quickly, Mary formulated a plan. It was only wrong if she did it selfishly! Yeah, that's it! If she fucked this demon silly with her girlcock, for the good of humanity, it would be all right!

"O-okay," Mary said, moving closer to Enn, getting on her knees, mere inches away from the waiting demoness' pussy. "But only if you promise never to bother humankind again."

Enn weighed her options. On one hand, she wouldn't be able to kill pathetic humans anymore, as demons always kept their word. Then again, she would have this hot cock penetrating her needy pussy...

"Done," Enn said, deciding rather quickly. "I will no longer kill or harm any humans for as long as I live, which is a very long time. Now...give me the dick."

"H-here I go!" Mary said, lining up her fat cockhead with the quivering entrance to Enn's demonic cunt.

"Go on! Shove that monster in me! Fill my pussy with your cock!" Enn shouted.

Mary was happy to oblige, jamming her thick meat into Enn's gasping cunt, moaning hard as the demon queen's tight, hot pussy gobbled up her cock.

"It-it's sucking me in!" Mary moaned, as inch after inch of cockmeat disappeared into Enn, the demoness gasping and moaning in pleasure.

"Normally," Enn said, moaning as Mary penetrated her deeper and deeper, "a human-demon contract must be...oh, fuck...must be signed in blood, but today...mmmh...I'm making an exception. Just cum in me to seal the deal. Fuck, your cock is so big! I'm cumming!"

Enn's pussy tightened up on Mary as the demon came juices gushing out, filling the cracks of the stone floor beneath the interplanar lovers.

"S-so tight!" Mary gasped. "Y-you're so tight!"

"Aren't I the best fuck you've ever had?" Enn grinned, grinding hard on Mary's raging boner.

"Y-you're the first," Mary said quietly.

Enn's eyes went wide. "Holy shit, you're a virgin?" the demon exclaimed. "You're a natural! Come on, keep fucking me! Don't stop now!"

Gritting her teeth, Mary continued thrusting, grabbing Enn's thighs, spreading the demon's legs apart as Mary railroaded the hot cunt before her.

"Fuck...so big...I'm cumming again!!!" Enn screamed, her pussy gushing juices all over Mary's huge cock, only strengthening the knight's resolve. "Y-you're gonna split my pussy apart!" Enn exclaimed. "Fuck! Don't stop!"

"So good!" Mary moaned as she thrust her fuckmeat in and out of Enn's tight demon cunt at a rapid pace, her thick cock flying in and out of the demon's pussy at blistering speeds. "I'm getting close!"

"Fuck yeah! Cum for me!" Enn shouted, wrapping her legs around Mary's midsection, pulling the dickgirl in closer. "Cum in me! Seal the deal and fill my demon cunt with your hot cum!"

"I'm coming! I'M COMING!!!!!!!" Mary screamed, slamming her cock home, hilting in Enn, her cock shooting out its biggest fuckload yet, filling the demon up, bloating Enn's belly, excess cum pouring out onto the stones below.

"I'm cumming too! Keep shooting that hot cum in me!!!" Enn screamed, her pussy spasming on Mary's monster cock as it dumped load after hot load of sticky cum directly into Enn's demon womb. "You're the best fuck I've ever had!"

"Oh gods!" Mary moaned, thrusting a few more times, humping the last of her seed into Enn, before pulling out, exhausted. Cum slowly seeped from Enn's stretched-out pussy as the demon basked in the wonderful soreness of that fuck.

"Gods, that was incredible..." Mary sighed, dropping to her knees. "I had no idea sex was that good..."

Slowly, Enn got up, moving closer to Mary, wrapping her tail around Mary's waist. "Congratulations," Enn said. "You've beaten me. I'm yours."

"Huh?" Mary said, perplexed.

"Your cock is just too good," Enn said, moving her face close to Mary's, her hot breath warming Mary's cheeks. Soft and warm, Enn touched Mary's face with the back of her hand. "I'm yours."

"I-I have to return to the kingdom, to tell them they no longer need fear demon attacks," Mary stuttered. "I can't be seen with a...with a demon."

"Aww, you hurt my feelings," Enn pouted. "Look at me."

"I am looking at you," Mary replied, raising one eyebrow,

"Look again."

Emily jumped back as she was no longer looking at a demon, but a regular, stunningly beautiful, human woman.

"Did you ever doubt the full extent of my demonic powers?" Enn said, winking, as she instantly transformed back to her red-skinned demon form. "I can appear as human anytime I wish. So please, take me with you."

Biting her lip, Mary made her decision. "You may come with me," she said, to Enn's delight. Enn embraced Mary, their breasts rubbing together, causing both of them to sigh, Enn dangerously close to penetrating Mary's inverted nipples with her own. "Just...wear clothes, please," Mary said.

"Voila!" Enn said, and she was instantly clothed, form-fitting chainmail covering her chest, with a matching chainmail skirt and thigh-high leather boots, with long leather gloves that reached to her mid-bicep to match.

"Gods, you look incredible..." Mary breathed.

As quickly as it appeared, Enn's clothing disappeared, leaving the demoness once again stark naked. "Stay here the night and rest," Enn offered. "Let me take your armor. I can have my minions work on it to better suit your...special needs."

====================================

Mary was shown to a bedchamber, falling asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

Blackness. A light, far off in the distance. What is it? The light gradually becomes larger, until it encompasses Mary's field of view. Within the light, a dark orb. Mary reached out, trying in vain to touch it.

====================================

"Wake up, sleepyhead!"

Mary was roused by a beautiful blonde. Blinking, it took Mary a second to realize that this gorgeous woman was Enn in her human disguise.

"Here's your armor," Enn said, laying a full set of shiny armor on the bed before Mary. "The crotchplate now simply snaps on and off for...easier access," she said, flashing a toothy grin. "I also had the metal impregnated with demonic energies, making it much more resilient, and also lighter. I also took the liberty of having a new sword made for you."

Mary stood up and Enn presented her with a shiny two-handed sword, with elegant designs carved into either side of the blade. "This is beautiful," Mary said. "I don't know how to thank you."

"Oh, I can think of a way or two," Enn grinned, licking her lips as she stared at Mary's cock.

"Sorry, but not now," Mary chastised, grabbing her armor and quickly dressing. "Is...that all you can think about?"

"Hello, demon? Queen of depravity?"

"...Right. Come on, we're losing daylight. Nothing must delay me in returning to my kingdom," Mary said.

Sheathing her sword, Mary strode out of the castle, her disguised, demonic lover in tow. Unbeknownst to our hero, there lay quite a few obstacles in her journey, which was only just beginning...