 Mary of Grassdale sighed as she walked down the narrow dirt road, looking up at the clear blue sky. Leaves rustled in the trees on either side of the path, birds fluttered overhead, and a light breeze tickled Mary's face.

"Beautiful day, isn't it?" Mary asked, sighing contentedly.

To Mary's left, her companion grunted. Although she appeared human, this woman was really the demon queen Enn'kir'zxpl'ufarl'ghot, or Enn for short.

"It's too bright," Enn complained. "I wish I were back in my castle."

"Remember, Enn, you chose to accompany me on my journey back to Grassdale," Mary said. "Nobody is forcing you to be out in the human world but yourself."

"I know," Enn said, crossing her arms. "I just like complaining."

Off in the distance, Mary noticed a cloud of dust. "What could that be?" Squinting her eyes, the armored swordmaiden saw something begin to take shape, a small horse-drawn carriage.

"Man, that thing's sure kicking up a lot of dust," Enn observed. "I think it's heading this way."

Sure enough, both women were bowled over as the carriage flew past them in the opposite direction, leaving a cloud of dust in its wake.

"Gods!" Mary remarked, waving her arms to try and clear the dust, her eyes stinging. "Did they even see us?"

"Hey, they dropped something," Enn said, pointing to a small wooden box laying on the ground. Reaching out to pick it up, the demon queen recoiled in pain. "Fuck! It burned me!"

"It's just a wooden box," Mary said, picking it up with no problems. "Maybe it's warded against demons."

"Ah, typical human prejudice," Enn snorted. "I don't see what could possibly in there that they wouldn't want a demon to touch it."

Opening the box, Mary's eyes went wide. Inside the box, nestled in straw, was a small black orb.

"I've...I've seen this before," Mary muttered. "I know it."

Leaning over to take a look, Enn scoffed at the swordmaiden. "Looks like nothing," the demoness said.

"I...I feel like I have to hold on to this," Mary said, closing the box before shoving it in her knapsack. "Okay, let's continue. It's only a few miles until the next town."

======================================

"Ah, it feels good to be back in civilization," Mary sighed as she stretched her aching muscles. Surrounded by the hustle and bustle of a busy town, Mary felt at home. Her companion, however, was a different story.

"I hate it here," Enn mumbled, shifting uncomfortably. "There are far too many humans here."

"Listen," Mary said as the two walked through the busy streets of a town called Idlerook, "If you want to travel with me, Enn, you just have to learn to live with humans, and not constantly murder them."

"Remind me again why I decided to travel with you?" Enn asked, the two entering a tavern.

"Because you're a per-" Mary started, stopping mid-word as she noticed a rather large commotion in the tavern.

"What's going on?" Mary asked the bartender.

"Another one of those religious nuts," the bartender replied, rolling his eyes. "It's killing my fuckin' business. Dumb stuck-up bitch."

"Sinners!" a woman shouted, standing on a table, surrounded by a crowd of spectators. "Hast thou read from the pages of the holiest book of holy books, The Grimoire of the Pantheon? Dost thou not know that consuming mind-altering substances is akin to dealing with demons? Repent, and be spared eternal torment in the underworld!"

"Eternal torment?" Enn said to Mary, peeved. "It's a party 24/7 down there! I should know, I only lived there for over four thousand years..."

"Boo!" one spectator yelled.

"Fuck you!" another spectator shouted.

"Sinners, the lot of you!" the woman shouted, her light blue robes rustling around her. "I can see that you all are beyond help!"

"I've got an idea," Enn said devilishly, shoving her way through the crowd of spectators. "All right, priestess, you're outta here!" she said, hoisting the woman up onto her shoulders and carrying her through the crowd.

"Enn, what are you doing?" Mary shouted in disbelief.

"Taking out the trash," Enn replied with a wink.

"Unhand me, you brute!" the woman commanded, but Enn was having none of it. Embarrassed, Mary followed Enn outside, where the disguised demoness deposited the holy woman in the street outside.

"Sinners! I shall-" the woman stopped, staring at Mary.

"Umm, hello?" Mary said nervously.

"DEMON!!!!!!!" the woman screamed, pointing an accusatory finger at Mary. "I can sense the demonic energies on you!!!"

"Relax, lady," Enn said, trying to calm down the hysterical priestess. "Mary here has just returned from defeating a powerful demon queen. Some of the demon's energies rubbed off on her during the battle."

"A demonslayer?" the woman breathed. "Really?"

"Gods, she's gullible," Enn whispered. "Yeah! She defeated possibly the most powerful and stunningly attractive demon of them all! It makes sense that some of that power would have incidentally rubbed off on her!"

"I see..." the woman said, deep in thought.

"I can't believe she's buying this," Enn whispered to Mary.

"How come she didn't detect any demonic energies on you, the actual demon?" Mary whispered back.

"Because I've disguised them well, and this priestess is dimmer than most," Enn replied.

"Oh, Priestess?" Enn said innocently.

"Yes?" the priestess replied.

"I was wondering if you could...cleanse my companion," Enn said.

"Oh, but of course!" the priestess replied happily. "Please, come to the convent!"

======================================

The three women were inside a bedchamber in the Order of the Pantheon's Idlerook convent.

"My name is Clara," the woman said, bowing to Mary. "I am a seventh level priestess in the Order of the Pantheon. Allow me to make the preparations to cleanse you."

Turning her back to Mary and Enn, Clara began reading scripture.

"What are you doing, Enn?" Mary whispered.

"Isn't it obvious? We're going to fuck this dumb priestess silly," Enn replied devilishly.

"But we would corrupt her!" Mary hissed.

"This one's dumber than the lowest of underdemons," Enn replied. "All it takes is the right choice of words, and she won't even realize that she's just satisfying our sexual desires."

Faster than Mary could react, Enn detached Mary's crotchplate, the she-knight's soft cock flopping out. Mary bit her lip as Enn began manipulating the swordmaiden's warm dick, the she-meat enlarging in Enn's skilled hands.

"I am ready," Clara said, turning around to face Mary again. "OH GODS! WHAT...IS THAT?????" the priestess screamed, taken aback by the sight of a penis on such a gorgeous young woman as Mary.

"I fear the demon may have corrupted this young knight more than I first believed," Enn cooed.

"A...a male's phallus, on an innocent maiden?" Clara breathed. "I...I do not believe I am powerful enough to remove this...enchantment."

"Oh, nonsense," Enn said, kissing Mary's neck as she stroked her companion's cock. "You can do it."

"How do I...do it?" Clara asked, breathless. "I'm only a seventh level priestess, I'm not very knowledgeable..."

"Remove your robe," Enn commanded, Clara doing so, revealing her shapely, round breasts.

"My, what wonderful tits you have," Enn said, fondling Clara's breast with one hand while stroking Mary's cock with the other. "I believe one way to cleanse this kind of demonic appendage is to use your boobs on it. Allow me."

Enn grabbed Clara's bountiful breasts and moved them close to Mary's cock. "Mary, stick your cock into the priestess' cleavage, if you will," Enn said.

"B-but..." Mary stammered, uncomfortable with the deception she was engaging in, as sexy as it was.

"Don't you want to be...cleansed?" Enn asked seductively. "Your body is at least honest. Look at your cock, it's begging for release!"

Biting her lip, Mary couldn't ignore her body, and did as Enn asked of her, inserting her rock-hard prick into Clara's ample cleavage. "It feels so soft!" Mary exclaimed. "Warm...and tight!"

"What do I do now?" Clara asked, staring at Mary's cockhead peeking through her cleavage.

"Here, let me help you," Enn purred, getting behind Clara, squeezing the priestess' tits together, causing Mary to moan in pleasure as her cock was compressed by Clara's firm boobs. "Do you feel that, priestess? Do you feel this young woman's cock in between your tits?"

"I do!" Clara exclaimed. "It's so warm!"

Slowly, Enn began moving Clara's breasts up and down, titfucking Mary's cock. The knight moaned in pleasure as the priestess' soft breasts kneaded her hard cock.

"Do her tits feel good, Mary?" Enn asked, losing control of her body to lust, slowly reverting to her demon form, her eyes beginning to glow as her skin changed color.

"Gods, they feel incredible!" Mary moaned, beginning to thrust her hips, fucking Clara's tits with her fat cock.

Enn kissed Clara's cheek. "This is turning me on," the demoness moaned, taking her hands off of Clara's tits as Mary continued to pound them, one demonic hand moving to her own crotch, the other to Clara's.

"My, my, priestess, you're so wet!" Enn exclaimed. "Is cleansing this cock turning you on?"

Clara could only moan in reply as the demon's fingers deftly worked her pussy, rubbing her clit, the priestess lost in waves of pleasure emanating from her crotch.

"I think I'm...I'm going to come soon," Mary moaned, fucking Clara's tits even harder, her cockhead stopping just short of the priestess' face.

"Quick, priestess!" Enn shouted. "Cleanse that cock with your mouth!"

Mary's cock still buried in her tits, Clara popped the fat cockhead into her mouth, moaning onto Mary's hot prick as Enn continued assaulting the priestess' pussy.

"I'm coming!!!" Mary exclaimed.

"Yes! Cum in this priestess' mouth!" Enn commanded as Mary's cock let loose a torrent of hot jizz, quickly filling Clara's mouth. "It's so good!" Mary exclaimed, pulling her cock out of Clara's mouth, her cum spraying all over the priestess' face.

"Hey, no fair! I want some too!" Enn exclaimed, moving to Clara's side, opening her mouth as Mary shot thick ropes of sticky jizz all over both women's faces.

"Oh yeah, your cum is so fucking delicious!" Enn said, using her long, prehensile tongue to lick away all of Mary's semen off of her face as well as Clara's.

"You're..." Clara stammered, seeing Enn's demon form for the first time. "You're a..."

"I'm a demon, honey," Enn said sultrily, passionately kissing the priestess, her demon tongue invading Clara's mouth and throat, causing her to moan hard.

"This is a test," Clara stated plainly, pulling away from the demonic kiss. "That's it! The gods are testing me!"

"Hmm, that's right," Enn replied, directing Clara to the bed. "The gods are testing you, and the only way to pass is to take Mary's huge cock in your virgin priestess pussy. Can you do that, honey?"

"Enn..." Mary warned. "We should go. This is wrong."

"What's wrong?" Enn demanded. "You're still hard, and look at this slutty priestess right here!"

They both looked to Clara, who was laying face down, ass up, furiously masturbating.

"Your cock has already made her this horny," Enn said, taking Mary's cock and guiding it to Clara's pulsing pussy. "If you were to leave now, she would go unfulfilled. That would be wrong."

Her breasts pressing into Mary's back, Enn inched the sword maiden further, until her cock was touching the entrance to Clara's pussy. "Go on, Mary," the demon cooed. "Deflower this priestess."

"Yes!" Clara shouted, moaning hard as she bucked under a self-made orgasm. "Deflower me! Expose me to the true limits of the gods' test! I'm ready!"

"Gods forgive me," Mary breathed as she pushed forward, her cock entering Clara's quivering cunt. Immediately, Clara came all over Mary, screaming as her already-tight pussy squeezed in on Mary's throbbing cock.

"She's so tight!" Mary exclaimed, pushing forward, burying her hot cock in Clara's wet, tight depths.

"Oh gods, this feels so good!" Clara screamed. "Truly, the gods are smiling upon me! Go on, take my virginity! Ravish me!"

Enn removed Mary's breastplate and cupped her hands around Mary's breasts, fondling them, sliding a finger into one of Mary's inverted nipples, causing the sword maiden to moan out in pleasure.

"You like that, huh?" Enn said sultrily, kissing Mary's neck as she fingerfucked the knight's nipple.

"I-it feels so good!" Mary exclaimed, barely able to continue thrusting her fat cock in and out of Clara's spasming pussy. "My nipples feel so good! I'm going to come!"

"Yes, cum! Pour your hot seed into this slutty, deflowered priestess!" Enn goaded, slipping another finger into Mary's nipple, the swordmaiden fast approaching her breaking point.

"Yes! Fill me with your heavenly seed!" Clara screamed. "Come in me!!!"

"I'M COMING!!!" Mary screamed, hilting in Clara's steamy depths, her cock erupting, a volcanic blast of cum filling Clara's womb, the priestess cumming hard again as Mary filled her tight cunt with her seed.

"My breasts are coming too!!!" Mary screamed, overwhelmed by pleasure as Enn's wonderful manipulations of her nipple paid off, the knight cumming simultaneously from her cock and tits. Pulling her still-cumming cock out of the priestess, Mary shot the rest of her fat, sticky load all over Clara's back, painting the priestess a pearly white.

"Gods, that was amazing..." Mary breathed. "Are you OK, Clara?"

The sore priestess gave Mary the thumbs-up before passing out, driven to unconsciousness by the sheer power of the orgasms she had experienced.

"That looks like one well-fucked slut," Enn said. Eying Mary's now-softening cock, Enn let out a sigh of disappointment. "Damn, you're already finished. I was hoping to ride that fat cock as well."

"You pervert," Mary sighed, putting her armor back on. "Let's clean Clara up before she wakes."

"Why?" Enn laughed. "Let the slut sleep, covered in cum."

"Enn..." Mary groaned.

"Fine, fine," Enn conceded. The two set to cleaning up the well-fucked priestess, redressing her.

Eyes fluttering, Clara awoke. "Wha..."

"Quick, change back to your human form!" Mary muttered, Enn swiftly complying, all traces of her demonic visage fading as she donned her magical human disguise.

"What happened?" Clara said. "I don't remember anything..."

"Well," Mary said, improvising, "You took us here to perform a cleansing ritual. It worked, but it, umm, sapped all of your strength so you passed out. We waited here by your side until you awoke."

"Oh," Clara said. "I had the most wonderful dream..."

"Well, that's all it was, a dream," Mary said hastily. "Come on Enn, let's go."

"Why the rush?" Enn questioned before being dragged out of the room by Mary.

"How odd," Clara remarked, sitting up, feeling something squish between her legs. "Huh?"

Reaching into her robes, Clara felt her pussy, with something warm and sticky inside it. Taking a sample of this mystery fluid, Clara brought it to her mouth and had a taste.

"By the gods...it really did happen...truly, these two are a gift from the gods..."

Biting her lip, Clara began following the two, keeping her distance.

======================================

"That was a close one!" Mary exclaimed as she and Enn exited the convent. "Luckily, she believed our encounter was nothing but a dream."

"Aww, what's wrong with a little corruption?" Enn teased. "We just let out some of her pent-up sexual frustration is all."

"Enn, you have a lot to learn about human nature," Mary sighed.

"And you have a lot to learn about the nature of demons," Enn countered as the two continued on their journey to Grassdale.