 "Don't make a move, don't make a sound. Not a sound."

Mary froze, the cold steel of a knife pressing against her throat, as a woman behind her rummaged around.

"All you've got is this one knapsack? Just this one?" the woman whispered, obviously angry. "Can't believe people these days. Can't believe it!"

Mary heard the woman take off, the knife safely parting with its owner. As she whirled around to catch sight of the bandit, she saw nothing but rustling brush. Dawn's light began to creep into the campsite, and Mary roused her traveling companions.

"Clara! Enn! Get up!" Mary shouted, waking both women.

"Huh...what is it?" Enn yawned, the demoness waking from her slumber rather early for her tastes.

"A thief!" Mary exclaimed. "She just stole my knapsack! Come on! We have to go after her!"

"A thief?" Clara questioned, bewildered.

"Yes," Mary urgently replied. "Come on!"

Mary took off in the direction the thief had run, Clara and Enn in tow.

"Will you even be able to find her?" Clara asked as the three ran through the forest.

"As a knight, I'm trained with basic tracking skills," Mary replied, effortlessly running through the woods despite her heavy armor clanking about. "As long as the trail is fresh, I will find her."

"Her?" Enn asked, her interest piqued. "What does she look like?"

"I didn't see her at all," Mary replied. "She was behind me the whole time, and when I turned around she was already out of sight."

Breaking into a clearing, Mary found herself in front of a small cabin.

"The trail ends here," Mary said, stopping to catch her breath.

"Gods, what a run," Clara gasped, nearly keeling over from exhaustion. "I didn't think I would make it."

"You need to harden the fuck up, priestess," Enn said coldly.

"Calm down, Enn," Mary chided. "Not everyone is blessed with your demon stamina."

"Do you think the thief is inside?" Clara asked, pointing at the hut.

"Unless she's more clever than I, yes," Mary replied, drawing her sword as the three crept up to the hut. "Shh, do you hear that?"

Faintly, the trio heard a banging noise coming from inside the hut.

"Someone's definitely in there," Enn whispered.

"Okay, on the count of three, we go in," Mary instructed. "One, two..."

"All right, you fucking thief, you're gonna die!" Enn shouted, easily kicking in the door to the hut.

"Oh shit! Oh shit shit shit!" a woman proclaimed from inside.

"What the..." Enn stammered. "Hey, guys? Take a look at this."

Mary and Clara entered the hut, both taken aback from what, or rather who, they saw.

"We got robbed by a fucking child!" Enn exclaimed.

"Not a child! No! Not a child!" the petite female exclaimed, barely four feet tall. "I'm a fully developed, mature adult! Haven't you people ever heard of halflings before?"

"A halfling?" Mary questioned. "I thought they all lived in the desert."

"Well, I don't. I don't!" the halfling woman insisted.

"I can't believe this runt actually managed to steal from us," Enn remarked.

"Runt? RUNT??? I'm gonna kick your ass!" the halfling shouted, rushing at Enn. Enn simply put her arm out, her hand on top of the petite woman's head, stopping the halfling before she could do any damage.

"Aww, she's so cute, flailing her little arms like that," Enn teased.

"Come on, Enn, that's not very nice," Mary scolded.

"She stole from you! I don't give a shit if it's 'nice' or not," Enn replied.

"She does have a point," Clara piped in.

"See, even the goody-goody priestess agrees with me!" Enn laughed.

"The holy scriptures of the Order of the Pantheon, while they do stress forgiveness, also cover punishment as well," Clara continued.

"Punishment, I like it!" Enn said. "How should we punish this little runt?"

"Now, the punishment should not be severe, as the scripture states-" Clara began, before getting cut off by Enn, the demon coming up with a wicked idea.

"I've got it!" Enn exclaimed, shoving the halfling into a corner. "Mary, you're gonna fuck her!"

"WHAT???" Mary and the halfling shouted simultaneously.

"I'm no fucking lesbo! I don't do that kind of shit!" the halfling proclaimed. "You fucking perverts! PERVERTS!!!"

"Enn, look at her," Mary whispered. "There's no way that...it...would even fit."

"Why don't you look at her," Enn replied. Mary took another look at the halfling girl. Despite her small stature, the halfling was very well proportioned, and rather attractive, with perky breasts, and flowing brown hair.

"Tell me you wouldn't want to at least try to shove your fat cock in her tiny halfling pussy," Enn whispered. Enn moved a hand down and slowly removed Mary's crotchplate, causing her penis to flop out, already semi-rigid.

"What the fuck is that? Holy shit! Is that a cock? That's a cock!" the halfling exclaimed.

"Yes, little runt, it's a cock," Enn purred, stroking Mary's prick as the swordmaiden moaned. "As punishment for stealing from her, Mary here is going to fuck you with it."

"No way! No way! No fucking way! That thing's huge! It's too huge!" the halfling shouted, scrambling backwards until she was trapped in a corner. "Get that cock away from me! Get it away!"

"Oh, come now," Enn said sultrily, slowly approaching the halfling. "You just need to get...loosened up, is all."

"S-stay away from me!" the halfling shouted in terror, as Enn shed her human disguise, revealing her true demonic form to the terrified little person.

"First, let's get rid of these clothes," Enn purred, effortlessly tearing away the petite thief's clothes, revealing her toned, proportional naked body.

"Stop! Stop right now! Stop this instant!" the halfling pleaded, but her cries fell on deaf ears.

"Your pussy's so small," Enn cooed, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. "Leth thee how you tasthe," the demon continued, tongue out, as she buried her face in the halfling's crotch.

"S-stop! Oooh, fuck, your tongue's going so deep inside me! It's so fucking deep!" the halfling moaned, unable to contain her arousal as Enn's snakelike tongue invaded her pint-size vagina. "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum from your tongue!"

The halfling moaned harder as juices gushed from her pussy, marking Enn's face with her lewd scent, the demoness extricating herself, licking her face clean. "Mmm, so delicious," Enn purred. "Halfling pussy tastes so good. And look at how wet you are! Come over here, Mary."

Mary stepped forward, her cock throbbing, the knight undeniably turned on by what had just happened.

"Go on, Mary," Enn said encouragingly. "Put it in."

Mary pressed her fat cockhead against the halfling's pussy, pushing with all her might.

"You're too big! It's never going to fit in! It just won't! You're too fucking huge!" the halfling squealed. "You're hurting me!"

Mary pulled away. "S-sorry," she apologized. "I don't want to hurt you. Enn, she's just too small. We should just let her go."

"Nonsense," Enn said, moving over to Mary's cock. "We just have to get you properly lubricated, is all." Enn's tongue once again emerged from her mouth, wrapping around Mary's thick shaft, causing the swordmaiden to moan in pleasure as her cock quickly became wet with Enn's warm saliva. Enn worked Mary's cock in her mouth, further lubricating Mary's monster meat, using her tongue to collect the precum that now flowed out of Mary's slit , depositing it evenly on the shaft. Mary moaned as Enn worked to lubricate her fat dick, the demoness finally pulling Mary's now-slick cock out of her mouth. "Try again," purred the demoness.

Mary once again pressed the tip of her cock against the halfling's entrance, but to no avail, the halfling moaning in a mixture of pain and pleasure as Mary's cockhead stretched her opening to its limits, but not enough to actually enter.

"It's no use," Mary sighed. "I can't do it."

"M-maybe I can help," Clara offered.

"What can you do?" Enn retorted. "There's no way you can lubricate either of them any more than I have."

"I know some healing spells," Clara said. "They're required for all priestesses in the Order of the Pantheon to learn. One of the spells I know is to allow a large healing staff or wand to enter a normally too-small wound, so that the wound can be purified. I believe, with some minor modifications, I can use it to help Mary and this halfling with...this situation."

"Impressive," Enn remarked. "Okay, do it."

"You can make that huge fucking cock fit in me? In me???" the halfling gasped.

"Oh, gods, I'm so horny, do it, please," Mary insisted, surprising herself with her lewd language.

"All right, here goes nothing..." Clara said unsteadily, placing her hands on the halfling's crotch. Closing her eyes, she muttered an incantation in an ancient tongue. "Отвір, приймаємо справжню паличку...er, півень, незалежно від розміру!"

The halfling's crotch glowed a pale blue as Clara's modified magic did its work.

"...There," Clara sighed, standing up. "If the spell worked right, which I cannot guarantee, her...womanhood...should be able to take your, er, manhood."

As Mary approached the halfling once more, the mini's pussy dripping, ready to accept Mary's fat cock, Clara intervened.

"Wait!" the priestess shouted. "The holy scriptures state that two cannot be intimate without knowing each others' names!"

"Oh, come on, priestess, you fucking cockblocker," Enn groaned. "Just let them fuck, already!"

"Hold on, Enn. Clara, you're right. It's wrong for me to to...enter her...without at least knowing her name. Halfling, what is your name?" Mary asked.

"My name..." the halfling muttered. "My name, is Siobahn. Siobahn Grace."

"Well, Siobahn," Mary said to the little woman, "are you ready?"

"Yes!" Siobahn exclaimed. "I'm dripping wet, ready for your cock! Your fat cock!"

"Okay," Mary said, pressing her cock to Siobahn's weeping cunt, "here goes nothing!"

Mary pressed forward, her cock amazingly sinking into Siobahn's bite-sized pussy. "Oh, gods, you're the tightest woman I've ever felt!" Mary exclaimed. "This is incredible!"

"Oh gods oh gods oh godsgodsgods," Siobahn moaned. "Your cock's so fucking huge! It's so huge! You're going to split me in two! Yeah! Split me in two with your monster cock!"

Mary slowly began thrusting, working her cock deeper into Siobahn's dripping cunt, inch by inch burying her meat into the halfling's unbelievably tight pussy. "Oh, gods," Mary exclaimed. "I can see it!"

Sure enough, Mary's massive cock was creating a huge bulge in Siobahn's stomach as the swordmaiden entered her. "Holy fucking shit!" Siobahn exclaimed, staring in wonder as Mary's cock continued moving inside her, the bulge only growing. "You're so fucking huge! So huge!"

"Damn, this is so fucking hot," Enn said, watching as Mary plowed Siobahn's midget pussy with her massive cock. "Clara, you want to have some fun while we watch?"

"W-what do you mean?" Clara asked, wide-eyed.

Approaching the priestess, Enn lifted Clara's holy robes, revealing Clara's wet pussy.

"My, my, you're already this dripping wet, just from watching Mary fuck this halfling?" Enn asked with a grin. "I'm wet too," the demoness said. "Go on, feel me."

Slowly, Clara moved her hand to Enn's cunt, feeling that was indeed quite wet.

"Have you ever wondered what a demon tastes like, priestess?"

"Y-yes..." Clara admitted, beginning to give in to her libido.

"Then come have a taste, I beg of you," Enn said seductively, laying the ground, legs spread, right next to where Mary was fucking Siobahn, the halfling moaning hard as she was bucked by Mary's monster cock.

Clara approached Enn's pussy. "It...it looks delicious," Clara stammered, extending her tongue, beginning to lap at Enn's demon cunt.

"So, how does it taste?" Enn asked, sighing with pleasure as Clara licked her pussy with gusto.

"Delicious!" Clara exclaimed. "It has a strange, exotic, fiery flavor, something I cannot put my finger on...whatever it is, it is simply exquisite!"

"That's brimstone, honey," Enn coolly replied. "Now get back to eating me out."

Clara happily complied, going to town on Enn's sopping wet cunt. "Holy shit, priestess, you're good at this!" Enn exclaimed, thrusting her hips forward, humping her pussy into Clara's face as the priestess continued to eat her out, Clara fingering her pussy madly as she chomped away at Enn's.

Meanwhile, Sinbahn was getting the fucking of her life, her runtlike body bouncing up and down on Mary's monster cock.

"This feels so fucking good! Your cock is destroying my pussy! I'm getting destroyed by your huge fucking cock!!!" Siobahn shouted, her body being flung around on Mary's cock like a hunk of meat being tenderized.

"Gods, you're the tightest woman I've ever entered!" Mary grunted, sweat beading on her forehead as she slammed her cock in and out of the halfling's super-tight cunt. "I'm going to come soon!"

"You're going to..." Siobahn started, eyes wide open, realizing what this meant. "N-no! Don't cum inside me! Don't cum inside!"

"Cum inside her, Mary," Enn said in between moans as Clara continued eating her out. "I'm about to cum too! Let's all cum at the same time!"

"It's coming out! Get ready!" Mary squealed, wincing as cum began to work its way up her cock.

"N-no! Don't cum inside! Fuck, I'm cumming!!!" Siobahn screamed, cumming hard on Mary's monster prick, the halfling's pussy tightening even more. That was the breaking point for Mary.

"HERE IT COMES! I'M COMING!!!" Mary screamed, cum erupting out of her cock, filling the halfling's tiny pussy up nearly instantly, Siobahn screams turning to gargles as Mary's excess cum poured out of her body the only way it could, hot semen surging up her throat and out her mouth, pouring onto her naked body, the halfling's eyes rolling back as she came again and again, driven to the brink of insanity by Mary's floodlike orgasm.

"Shit! I'm cumming too!" Enn moaned, her pussy gushing all over Clara's face, the priestess herself cumming hard on her fingers, drinking down Enn's delicious demonic pussy juices.

"Holy fucking shit!" Mary exclaimed, moaning as she continued to cum inside Siobahn, the swordmaiden amazed at where her cum was ending up.

"I don't want to drown her!" Mary exclaimed, rapidly pulling her fat cock out of Siobahn's pussy, pushing the halfling to another mindblowing orgasm, Mary finishing blowing her load all over Siobahn's body, the halfling absolutely covered in Mary's spunk.

"Oh, gods, that was incredible," Mary moaned. "Did you like it too, Siobahn?"

The halfling was completely unresponsive.

"Siobahn???" Mary asked, prodding the cum-covered midget. "Are you okay? Oh, thank the gods, she's breathing."

"You must have knocked her out with your cum," Enn remarked. "Come on, let's grab the stuff she stole and get out of here."

"No!" Mary shouted. "I'm not just going to leave her here, unconscious, vulnerable...naked..."

Sighing, Enn got up. "I swear, you humans are just too nice sometimes."

"Now, now," Clara said, straightening her robes. "The gods would not smile upon us if we were to leave the halfling in this state, thief or not. Come, let us clean her up."

"Hmm, now that's an idea I don't mind," Enn said, licking her lips, kneeling down to the halfling, extending her tongue, beginning to lick Mary's still-warm cum off of Siobahn's body.

"That was not what I meant," Clara said, trying to look away.

"Come on, you know you want some of Mary's cum," Enn goaded. "It's so sweet..."

"It's okay, Clara," Mary said her cock slowly becoming hard again. "You can...clean her up like Enn is."

Clara knelt down and began licking Mary's cum off of Siobahn in earnest.

"Mmmh, it seems someone is enjoying this show," Enn said, eying Mary's now rock-hard cock. "Go on, Mary," Enn said seductively, "jack off while watching us eat your cum off of this halfling's body."

Mary could deny her horniness no longer, the knight beginning to stroke her fat cock, undeniably turned on by her traveling companions licking her own cum off of a halfling she had knocked unconscious with that very cum.

In the midst of Mary's whacking off, Siobahn slowly regained her senses. "Mmmh," the halfling moaned, opening her eyes to see the priestess and the demon cleaning her off. "Your tongues feel so good..."

"Ahh, gods, I'm going to come again!" Mary exclaimed, whacking madly at her monster meat.

"I am so not missing this cumshot!" Enn exclaimed, hastily getting up, kneeling in front of Mary's cock.

"Me neither!" Siobahn declared, standing beside Enn. Clara, still a bit embarrassed by how slutty she was becoming, silently knelt on the other side of Enn, ready to be plastered with Mary's hot cum, her actions saying what she could not.

"Here it comes! I'm coming again!!!" Mary moaned, her cock spurting ropes of thick semen all over the faces of the three women before her, their mouths open, tongues out, tasting as much creamy, sweet spunk as they could.

"By the gods," Mary moaned, her orgasm slackening off, the priestess, the demon and the halfling's faces all covered in her thick, sticky cum, all of them licking their lips, relishing the sweet taste.

"That was incredible...just...so incredible..." Siobahn moaned.

"You bet your fucking ass it was," Enn grinned.

==================================

The girls had all cleaned up and redressed, not a shred of evidence of their lovemaking present in the cabin.

"I'm sorry for stealing from you, I really am sorry," Siobahn apologized.

"Quite all right," Mary replied warmly. "I think we're pretty much even now anyway."

"I have one question, though, just one question," Siobahn said.

"Yes?"

"Well, when I was looking through your knapsack after I, you know, stole it, I saw this box. This weird box," Siobahn said, pointing the a small wooden box, sitting on the floor on the other side of the cabin. "What's in it? I tried opening it, even hitting it with a rock, but I just couldn't get it open. It just wouldn't open."

"So that's what that pounding noise was," Mary surmised. "What do you mean you couldn't get it open? It opens just fine." To prove it, Mary retrieved the box and opened it, revealing the small black orb inside.

"I think it's magically sealed," Enn chimed in. "Clara, you try opening it."

Mary closed the box and handed it to Clara, the priestess trying with all her might to open it, but to no avail. "I'm sorry, but I cannot open it," Clara said, surprised, handing the box back to Mary, who once again opened it with ease.

"That's strange," Mary remarked.

"Oh, not too strange for me, oh no, not strange at all," Siobahn said. "I've come across magic seals like that before, yes, come across them before."

"Oh?" Mary questioned.

"Oh, yes, a few times, only a few, but I've come across them before," Siobahn replied. "They only open for the first person to open them. I hear the magic comes from the frozen lands to the south. Yes, from the south."

"That must be where this box, and the strange orb inside, came from," Mary surmised. "Unfortunately, my destination is due east, so I cannot investigate it until after I have returned to my home. Thank you, Siobahn. Would you like to join us? We are traveling to Grassdale, my hometown."

"Sorry, but I cannot, nope, I simply cannot," Siobahn replied. "You may not know this, but I am wanted throughout this kingdom, for various acts of theft, of which I must confess I am guilty, very guilty. I would only serve as a liability to you and your companions, Mary. Only a liability."

"That's a damn shame," Enn said.

"Perhaps we will meet again," Siobahn said hopefully. "I would love to do it again, many times," the halfling said with a wink.
