 The trio of adventurers had made great progress on their journey, drawing ever closer to Mary's hometown of Grassdale.

"I'm hungry," Enn growled. "We've been walking all morning."

"Shall we stop for lunch?" Clara asked.

"Sure, I suppose it's time for a rest," Mary replied. "Now, what do we have to eat?"

"Oh! Leave the food to me!" Clara offered. "After all, I do have some cooking skills I learned in my time in the convent."

"Now this I have to see," Enn scoffed. "There's no way you're going to be any good of a cook, priestess."

"Oh, ye of little faith," Clara teased, tickling the demoness under her chin.

==========================

Sitting next to a roaring fire, Mary began to smell savory emanations from Clara's cooking pot.

"Wow, that smells really good!" Mary exclaimed.

"Thank you, I'm almost done," Clara replied.

"Good," Enn snorted. "Hopefully this human food won't make me gag."

Clara ladled out two heaping bowlfuls for her companions, and one for herself.

"Wow, this is really good," Mary remarked upon tasting.

"Holy shit, you're right! This is some damn fine stew!" Enn exclaimed.

Clara's brow furrowed as she brought her spoon to her lips. "Hmm..."

"Clara, this stew is really good!" Mary complimented.

"I find that it is lacking spice," Clara muttered. "It's too bland."

"It's fine, priestess," Enn said.

"Enn!" Clara exclaimed, having a brainstorm. "I know what I need to make this stew better!"

"What?" Enn asked.

"I need your...your..." Clara blushed hard as her gaze went downward, her eyes resting on Enn's crotch.

"No fucking way..." Enn said in disbelief. "You want my pussy juice, don't you?"

"Y-yes..." Clara blushed. "It's got such an exotic, fiery flavor, I feel it would be perfect to spice up this stew!"

"Oh, gods," Mary groaned. "I can't believe you two."

"M-may I...?" Clara stammered, moving closer to Enn. The demoness nodded her head, and in an instant, had reverted to her demon form, exposing her naked body to the priestess.

Clara began lapping at Enn's pussy, the demoness moaning in pleasure as her juices began flowing.

"Hmm, it's just not enough," Clara frowned. "I need more juices than this."

"Then make me cum, priestess," Enn said sultrily. "Mary, you should join in..."

"No thank you, perverts," Mary said disapprovingly, turning away from the erotic scene unfolding before her, not wanting to get turned on by Enn and Clara's sure-to-be incredibly sexy lesbian display.

"Gods, she's such a prude," Clara giggled.

"I seem to recall you being rather prudish yourself, priestess," Enn said, moaning happily as Clara began eating her out with earnest. "It seems that little by little, you're turning into my kind of slut."

"Hey!" Clara exclaimed, looking up from Enn's hot, moist cunt. "I'm only doing this to improve our lunch experience, nothing more!"

"Say what you will, priestess, oh, yeah, that's the fucking spot," Enn moaned, her hands moving down to press Clara's head further into her crotch. "You're the one chomping away at my cunt like there's no tomorrow."

"Mmph mmph mmmmpphhh," Clara replied, her mouth buried in Enn's pussy.

"Oh, yeah, keep fucking going, priestess," Enn moaned. "I'm gonna cum soon..."

Clara immediately pulled back, grabbing Enn's arms and pulling the demoness up, moving the cooking pot in between Enn's legs, the priestess thrusting three of her fingers into Enn's dripping pussy, juices beginning to splash in the stew.

"Oooohh, your fingers feel so good, priestess!" Enn moaned, gyrating as Clara finger-fucked her over the cooking pot. "I'm gonna cum! I'm coming!!"

Clara withdrew her fingers as Enn came, moaning hard as juices splashed out of her pussy and into the pot, mixing with the stew, giving it a heady aroma.

Enn sat back down on the ground, relishing the post-orgasmic experience. "Damn, that was good, priestess," she moaned.

"And this soup is just the way I want it now!" Clara shouted happily, pulling a spoon from her lips. "Your...juices...really enhanced the flavor!"

"That's great," Mary said contentedly, "but I'm already full. I'll try the new recipe later."

"Were you seriously just eating while Clara was eating me out and fingering me???" Enn asked in disbelief.

"I'm sorry that I'm not like you and don't put my carnal desires above everything else," Mary said sarcastically.

"Well, sourpuss here aside, I'll try the new flavor," Enn said, helping herself to a spoonful of stew. "Wow! This is delicious!" she exclaimed. "I had no idea I tasted that good!"

Their meal finished, the adventurers packed up and set out on the road again. The trio had only walked for a few miles before their advance was halted by the tip of an arrow.

"Come no closer, interlopers," a very pale woman said, her bow drawn.

"Great, an elf. Talk about a killjoy," Enn groaned.

"Hold your tongue, demon," the pointy-eared, white-haired woman said, pointing her bow to Enn.

"Demon? What are you talking about, elf? I'm a human, can't you see?" Enn lied.

"You must take me for a fool," the elf replied menacingly. "I can see right through your human disguise, demon, and I can sense demonic energies on all three of you."

"Oh, well, it was worth a shot," Enn sighed, shedding her human disguise.

The elf stared wide-eyed at Mary and Clara, who did not react in the slightest when Enn reverted to her demon form. "Did you not know this woman was really a demon???" the elf asked, bewildered.

"I've known ever since I first laid eyes on her," Mary said nonchalantly.

"And you? I see you are wearing priestess robes. Are you some sort of heretic?" the elven woman asked of Clara, wide-eyed.

"She's really not bad at all," Clara replied sheepishly. "The gods have a plan for me, and it includes this demon here. I do not question the gods' methods."

"You're all insane, consorting with a demon such as this!" the elf exclaimed. "None of you will travel any further on this road!"

"Please, we need to pass through, to get to Grassdale," Mary pleaded.

"No! I will not have my land be...corrupted...by that evil being!" the elf shouted. "Now leave!"

"Fuck you!" Enn said flippantly. "We're going to stay right here!"

"Enn, what are you doing?" Mary whispered.

"Look at her," Enn replied. "She's alone, with no knapsack, just that bow and a quiver full of arrows. She has no food. We do. We can outlast this stuck-up elven bitch, and the moment she leaves to go hunting or whatever, we can pass through!"

"That's actually a very good plan," Mary replied, surprised.

"Very well, elf," Mary said. "We will go no further. Enn, Clara, I do believe this is a perfect spot to set up camp."

"What are you three doing?" the elf demanded, keeping her bow trained on the adventurers.

"We're going no further," Mary cheerfully replied.

=========================================

It had been several hours now, and the sun was beginning to set, the sky lighting up a brilliant orange.

"I'm hungry," Enn remarked. "Let's eat some dinner."

"A splendid idea!" Clara replied, digging through her knapsack, producing a closed pot. "Here, let us finish my stew."

The three made a fire, heated the leftover stew up, and happily began eating, the elf watching them the whole time.

"Mary," Enn whispered. "Don't look now, but that elf is eying our meal. She's hungry."

Mary looked over to where the elven woman was, and she was indeed looking hungrily at the trio. "I have an idea," Mary whispered. "Once she tastes this delicious stew, she'll be sure to let us through."

"Oh, elf! Would you like some stew? It's really quite delicious!" Mary shouted.

"No! Anything that demon touches is cursed! I will not let myself be corrupted by demon energies, no matter how hungry I am!" the elf shouted defiantly.

"Oh, I didn't make this," Enn replied. "Priestess over there did."

"Yes, it is true, I made this stew. I swear to you the demon had absolutely nothing to do with this stew when I first made it," Clara piped up.

"Why, you little liar!" Enn grinned.

"I do not lie," Clara replied. "It is true, when I originally made this stew, you had nothing to do with it. After it was cooked, however? Well, our elven friend did not ask us about that..."

"Gods, you're so naughty," Enn whispered.

"Come on, elf! Have a seat by the fire! Enjoy this stew!" Mary shouted. Reluctantly, the elven woman came to the fire, keeping her distance from Enn. Clara handed her a bowl full of stew.

"So, what's your name?" Mary asked. "I'm Mary."

"...Lilith, Lilith Woodgrove," the elf replied, before greedily chowing down on stew.

"Lilith, is there any way we can pass through?" Mary asked.

"Gods, this stew is incredible!" Lilith remarked. "I don't know why I'm saying this, but you three can pass through, even the demon. Just, please, do it quickly, and do not camp anywhere. I do not want this demon to...corrupt...any of this part of the forest."

"That sounds fair," Mary replied. "It seems all we had to do was get a little food in you to loosen you up!"

Now that Mary was up close and personal with this elven woman, the swordmaiden could get a good look at her. She had an attractive face, and a slender figure, but a rather flat chest. Her face became flushed as she continued chowing down, her breath growing quick.

"Are you all right?" Mary asked.

"I...I don't know..." Lilith replied. "I feel very...strange...I'm burning up!"

"What's the matter, Lilith?" Enn teased. "Can't handle the heat?"

"The heat..." Lilith started, before staring down at her bowl in horror. "Brimstone!"

"That's right, honey," Enn giggled. "This stew is seasoned courtesy of yours truly."

"N-no!" Lilith screamed, leaping to her feet. "You...you've corrupted me! Oh, gods! I'm on fire!"

"Holy shit, look!" Enn exclaimed, pointing to Lilith's crotch, which had become soaking wet, a sweet smell emanating from them. "I think she's horny!"

"Help..." Lilith stammered, collapsing, barely conscious.

"What should we do?!?" Mary exclaimed.

Enn had moved closer to Lilith's prone body, examining her trousers, before finally pulling them down. "Look at how wet she is!" Enn remarked.

"C-cock..."

"Huh?" Enn looked up to see Lilith's red, sweaty face looking down at her.

"I need...cock..." she sputtered.

Mary gulped, already knowing where this was headed.

"P-please...f-find me a man...or I'll die...corruption...spreading throughout my body...a cock is...the only way to cleanse it..."

"Well, we don't have a man, but we do have a cock," Enn replied. "Mary? Would you please help to save this young elvish woman's life?"

"Well, if it's to save her life..." Mary said, removing the crotchplate of her armor, revealing her thick cock, already growing hard in anticipation of what was surely to come.

"By the gods..." Lilith murmured, beholding Mary's monster meat. "Quick, put it in me!"

Mary wasted no time, the swordmaiden lining up her cock with Lilith's weeping pussy, working her fat dick in, inch by inch, to the moans of the elf.

"Oh, gods..." Lilith moaned. "Yessss...penetrate me, deeper!"

"Perhaps I can perform a cleansing ritual, to better remove this...corruption," Clara offered, taking out some scripture, reading ancient incantations.

"Damn, I want a piece of this action!" Enn said.

"Keep pushing it in! Keep-mmmfff!" Lilith started, before being cut off by Enn sitting on her face.

"Go on, elf," Enn cooed. "Corrupt yourself even more. Eat my juicy demon pussy."

"Enn, I, err, I think this is counter-productive," Clara interrupted. "We want to remove the corruption, not add more."

"Oh, priestess, you're such a goody two-shoes," Enn replied. "Come here."

Clara did as she was told.

"Sit down," Enn commanded, the priestess obeying. Enn's prehensile demon tail snaked out and invaded Clara's robes, causing the priestess to gasp in surprise, and then arousal, as Enn's tail began to massage her naughty bits.

"You like that, priestess?" Enn moaned, swirling her tail inside Clara's moist pussy. "Ohh, fuck, elf, don't stop eating my pussy! You're a fucking natural!"

Her helpful incantations forgotten, Clara lost herself to lust, moaning and rubbing her clit as Enn's demonic tail snaked through her pussy, the priestess' fluids splashing everywhere.

"Gods, she feels so good," Mary moaned, slowly rocking her cock in and out of Lilith's pussy as the elf moaned hard into Enn's cunt.

"I-I never knew demons could do this with their tails!" Clara exclaimed, moaning hard as Enn's tail made her pussy gush.

"You'll see us demons are full of wonderful sex techniques," Enn replied coolly. "Fuck, this elf's tongue is so good! She really knows how to eat pussy!"

"She feels so good!" Mary exclaimed, humping madly, her cock rampaging in and out of Lilith's tight elven pussy.

"I think I'm about to come!" Clara exclaimed, her moans growing louder and higher in pitch. "Oh, gods! I'm coming!"

Clara moaned hard as she came all over Enn's tail, the demon bringing it to her mouth and licking herself clean. "Your cum tastes so good, priestess," she said sultrily. "Oh gods! I'm about to come too!"

"I'M COMING!!" Mary screamed, slamming her cock home one final time as she dumped her massive fuckload into Lilith's pussy, the elf screaming in pleasure, her cries muffled by Enn's pussy locked tightly over her mouth.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum too! CUMMING!!" Enn screamed, her pussy unleashing a torrent of juices down into Lilith's mouth, the horny elf drinking it down with gusto, not caring about its corruptive properties.

Mary extracted her cock from Lilith's pussy, excess cum sloughing off onto the soft ground. "Lilith, are you feeling okay?"

"Mmph mmph mmmmpphhh," Lilith replied.

"Enn, get off of her face," Mary sighed. Enn obliged and the elf could speak again.

"I feel...I feel..." Lilith began, before doubling over in pain. "S-something's changing!" she screamed. "Oh gods!"

Mary, Enn and Clara all watched in a mixture of fascination and horror as Lilith's chest began to swell, her breasts rapidly expanding from virtually nothing to large, round milk jugs, stretching her tunic, tearing it at the midriff. Lilith's skin began to change color, too, from a very pale white to grey, and from there it darkened, changing hues as well until it was a very dark violet, uniform across her whole body. Lilith opened her eyes, screaming, and her eyes transformed until they were a solid white. Finally, the elf's hair darkened, to a pitch black. The transformation complete, Lilith passed out.

"What the fuck?"

Enn was the first to speak, uttering those simple three words.

"Is she all right?" Mary asked.

"She's breathing, just unconscious," Enn replied.

"What happened to her?" Mary questioned. "I've never seen or even heard of something like that before."

"Me neither," Enn said breathlessly. "I've been alive for thousands of years, and I've never seen this before."

"By the gods..." Clara muttered. "I...I know this. I know what she has become."

"What?" Mary and Enn asked in unison.

"Thanks to your demonic...influence, Enn, Lilith has become a corrupted elf, a dark one," Clara said, staring at the newly transformed being. "A drow."