 In the futa world, a century or two in our future, all people are now futanari. Tall, buxom, beautiful, and well-endowed. These futa can willfully change their dick size, from the "normal" size for the men of ages past, to giants that openly declare one's desire and virility. How and why is a tale for another time. This is a fantasy tale from that world, akin to the fantasies from ours.

~~~

The land of the night elves had long since let its name be forgotten in our world, for even if the night elves themselves remembered it, they weren't inclined to share. They fear this world, because they still have both men and women. But even there, change is coming...

Jasmine was out in the forest, her home, feeling the soft, cool breeze across her skin. She was a wood nymph, a spirit of the flora, and in this case, of the night-blooming flowers. It was quiet and restful, watching over the night, and the stars sparkled overhead between the treetops. When it rained, it was like a celebration.

But she still had a job to do. Far from the lights of the nearby village, unseen harm could come to the forest, and so she was tasked to keep vigil, and to warn the Tree Fathers if something were to arise.

She heard a noise. She knew every noise of every animal, the sound of the sway of every branch, and this new noise was not one of them. And another. And another.

Gently, Jasmine glided across the ground. She disliked it, but needed to make good time. She found what she was looking for not far off, in a small alcove formed by tree trunks, fallen branches, and overgrown vines.

Inside, Jasmine saw two night elf girls, or perhaps she should say women, for they seemed just passed into adulthood, as Jasmine was. The pair had spread blankets out on the earth, but not over any patch of grass within the space. Jasmine also noted that the vines had not allowed passage in, but they had moved the vines aside and placed them back when they were done.

These were good elves, Jasmine decided, They can stay. Still, she settled in to watch. Just in case.

~~~

Hidden away from the world, Kora and Adria sat, looking up at the stars. It was just to delay the conversation- the trees hid most of the stars.

"Adria?" hazarded Kora.

"Yes?"

"We have been friends for some time, yes?"

"A long and wonderful time, Kora."

"If... If I confessed something... would you promise not to... to hate me?"

Adria turned and looked at her friend's outline in the pitch black.

"I could never hate you, Kora. You know that."

"What if..." Kora's breath was heavy with worry. "What if I said... that I think of you... when I'm alone?"

"Y-yes?" Adria's voice quavered.

"I think of you... as more than a friend..."

"Yes?"

"I... I want you, Adria," Kora finally spilled out, "In every way. I want you so bad it hurts."

"What if..." said Adria, "What if I told you... that I want you, too? And that, that I think of you, as more than a friend. That I am thinking of you as much more than a friend, right now?"

"Oh, Adria!" Kora threw her arms around her friend, her heart and eyes bursting with tears. "Please, don't say that! I wasn't telling you so you could feel the same... I was telling you so you would know why I'm running away."

"No!" exclaimed Adria, "You can't! Please! Not now!"

"It's not just that I feel how I do about you," said Kora, pulling back and wiping her tears away. "There's also.. why I can. Why I feel such an attraction to a woman, instead of a man."

Adria's breath caught in her throat. Could it be? Her heart pounded in her chest. She and Kora had been friends for decades, not so long in elven life, but long enough to grow quite close. But they had few things in common in their lives besides the chance that brought them together. Still, they had grown closer, even though they had barely touched more than brief embraces or chastely held hands. But now...

"Adria?" whispered Kora, fearfully.

"Show me," whispered Adria back.

Kora, either not noticing or not caring about Adria's response, stood up, shaking with fear.

"I can only tell you that it's real, and is exactly what you think it is," said Kora. It nearly broke Adria's heart to hear the pain in her dear Kora's voice.

Kora stood up, the nearest branches a few feet above her head. Kora, like Adria, had seemed to inherit all of the rarest features of the night elves. Black hair instead of white, black eyes instead of the vibrant colors others had, and an even blacker cast to her skin, where others had hints of blue. Still, Adria could see just enough to admire her friend's body.

Kora had long, smooth legs, wide hips, a round buttocks, a trim waist, prominent breasts, a slender neck, and soft features. Adria had been told much the same about herself, except that she was just a bit shorter and fuller-featured.

"Once I show you, I cannot undo it," said Kora.

"Show me," repeated Adria.

Kora slipped her fingers under the waistband of her skirt, and slowly pulled it down over her hips. Adria gasped.

Dangling between Kora's statuesque legs was a long male member, with a man's jewel pouch underneath.

"I'm so sorry, Adria," said Kora, "I am a girl, that is to say, I still have a woman's parts, under the man's, but... I have this, too. So you see why I have to go. I cannot stay, and love you, and I cannot be with you, so-"

"It's beautiful," said Adria, standing up, then taking Kora's hands in hers.

"You... you really think it's beautiful?" Kora asked.

Adria drew nearer to her.

"Of course I think it's beautiful," whispered Adria in Kora's ear, "It's yours. And if you need proof, just feel what seeing yours... is doing to mine."

Kora's eyes went wide as Adria guided her hand down, where Kora felt a growing hardness between Adria's legs. She groaned and felt her own hardness begin to grow.

"So this is why we have always connected," said Kora. "We were meant for one another."

"Shut up and kiss me," spoke Adria, urgently.

Their hand flew up and pulled one another's heads into the fierce kiss. Their tongues darted out, and all of their doubts, their fears, their insecurities were burned away by the fire of their passion.

"More," said Adria, breathless, "I want more of you."

They broke long enough to strip off their clothing, and upon seeing one another in full glory, they came together again, harder and fiercer. They felt their skin glide across the smooth forms of one another, their full, firm breasts pressed together. Their long, hard members felt thick and hot against their stomachs, and their tongues danced and wrestled.

Each moan they gave was a cry of relief and joy, of freedom. Freedom to be what they were, with the one they loved. Attuned to one another as only the fae can be, they each kept one hand at the back of the other's head, and let the other fall until it came to first the curve of the hip, to the round fullness of one another's buttocks. Grasping the supple flesh firmly, they both pulled the other in tighter, grinding their bodies against one another, until their rigid shafts began to beg for attention.

"You are perfect," said Kora, "Your body, heart and soul are my every dream."

"With you here," replied Adria, "I have no need to dream."

Kora groaned, then leaned back, giving Adria access to her chest. Adria took the chance, and let her head fall, wrapping her lips around one of Kora's ebony tips. Adria tasted Kora's skin, and thought it to be like spiced cream: rich, full, and exotic.

When Adria began to tease her breast, Kora cried out in pleasure. Adria's tongue swirled and flicked, her lips kissing and suckling. And just when Kora was nearly driven mad, Adria switched and repeated with her other breast. All the while, Adria's own chest was gently wrapped around Kora's now-throbbing rod, its juices leaking onto her midnight-colored skin.

Adria traced a fire trail of kisses up between Kora's breasts, then nibbled at her neck, causing shudders and groans. When she came back up, Adria locked eyes with her lover.

"I don't know how much more I can take," she said, "but I want you more and more."

"I want to explore every inch of you," said Kora, "I am in no rush, because I never want to stop."

With that, she dove into Adria's chest to return the favor. Adria's chest was a fair bit larger than Kora's, even though Kora's was envied by most other women already. When Kora teased and suckled Adria as Adria had done, the only reply was for Adria to pull her in tighter and say, "More!"

So Kora held nothing back, which suited her fine. She sucked and licked, hard and fast, causing Adria to cry out. "YES!" Kora endeavored to devour the bosom in front of her, while sliding her hands down to grab Adria's buttocks with both hands and press their bodies together further. She could feel Adria's hardness against her, feel its head between her breasts, feel the muscles in her buttocks clench as Adria made involuntary thrusts in pleasure.

More. Kora wanted more. She shifted her body aside, and brought one hand around, the other still firmly gripping Adria's firm backside. She first cupped Adria's orbs, causing the other night elf to throw her head back with a cry. Then her fingers explored further, and found the hot, wet sex underneath. The scent hit her nose and sent a shiver down her body. Adria gasped.

"Yes, Kora! Yes!" Hearing her name in the throes of passion, Kora slipped her fingers under, causing Adria to shudder and shake, all the while Kora kept her mouth satisfied on Adria's ample chest.

Kora began with things she herself liked, but knew by now that Adria preferred things a little harder, a little rougher. So with her thumb on Adria's clit, she slid a finger deep inside Adria, eliciting another cry, louder this time.

Adria clutched at Kora, pressing her lover's face into the cleft between her breasts. Kora, meanwhile, slid her finger in and out, until she was sure Adria was ready for more. When Adria's moans dropped in pitch suddenly, Kora began to speed up.

Adria gasped, again and again, making her chest heave. Kora knew every way of pleasing her womanhood, and used them all. From all the tension, the passion, the fire, Adria knew she was close. She pulled Kora up and kissed her again, mashing their mouths together. Her hand found Kora's buttocks, and the other she wrapped around one of her own breasts, which she kneaded in mounting desire. She could feel Kora's cock against hers, all of which only served to augment the waves of pleasure Kora was inducing from her sex.

Adria had to break the kiss to breathe, and Kora settled for kissing her neck, as Adria came with abandon. Kora felt her finger squeezed as Adria's orgasm ripped through her.

As it subsided, Kora and Adria stood there, catching their breath, Kora's hand still gently atop Adria's wet pussy.

"I have never felt so beautiful," Adria whispered.

"You have never been so beautiful," Kora replied.

"Mmmm... Now it's my turn." Adria stood up, then got behind Kora. Kora felt Adria's breath on her neck, the press of her breasts and cock, then felt them slide down. The sensation of Adria's shaft sliding down between her ass cheeks made Kora shudder.

Adria knelt behind Kora, then guided Kora's long legs open. Kora felt Adria's lips on her buttocks, and brought her own hands to her breasts. Her cock was so hard it didn't even fall when unsupported, but stood up and out, solid and proud.

But Kora wasn't done. She slipped her hand between Kora's legs, and teased the folds she found there. And then Kora felt Adria's other hand wrap around her shaft.

"Ohhhhhhhhh." It was somewhere between a moan and a sigh, which is exactly how Kora felt.

Adria concentrated on Kora's lips, sometimes licking off the juices from her own fingers, but all the while, her lips and tongue explored Kora's ass cheeks, and her hand slowly stroked Kora's cock. Kora caressed her tits, and gently squeezed the nipples. Looking down, she could see not only Adria's hand on her shaft, which was erotic enough as it was, but also the glistening patch in the faint light that showed where Adria's arousal had leaked onto her chest.

Kora felt it coming, but her climax still surprised her with its intensity. She cried out into the moonless night, her back arched and her cock proudly out, even longer and harder than before. But it was still her woman's sex that had been brought over the edge. She felt Adria's body support hers as the waves ebbed.

"We should lay down," suggested Adria. Kora agreed wordlessly, by stretching out on the blankets they had brought. For a while, they let their hands roam freely in the darkness.

"Your skin is gorgeous," remarked Kora, "The deepest black I've ever seen."

"Yours is just as black," replied Adria, giggling, "And so just as beautiful, you silly thing."

"Ah, but my breasts and hips are not so full as yours," said Kora.

"And I would kill to have legs like yours."

"Your lips are so soft and inviting."

"Your eyes entrance me every time I look at them."

They extolled one another's virtues until their bodies recovered, and the flames of their deep passion for one another burned anew. Their bodies lay intertwined, and they brought one another into another kiss, this one more sensual, less urgent than before. Instead of a need to possess one another, they now felt the need to explore. Propped up on an elbow each, they let their free hands range as far as they could, from their long unbound hair, to the tips of their ears, to their delicate features, to the swell of their breasts, to the tight skin of their abdomens, to the curvature of their hips and the long, smooth tone of their legs.

As their desires rose again, their hands inevitably found one another's black lengths. They continued to swirl their tongues and gently suck each another's lips as each of their hands slowly stroked up and down the other's shaft.

"Sit up," whispered Kora. Adria did, and Kora followed. She guided Adria to a position with her legs around Kora, and Kora's legs over hers, around Adria's waist. They were so close their steeled members crossed in what little space lay between them.

With a naughty look that Adria could see even in the near-total darkness, Kora resumed her strokes of Adria's cock, then reached below her own cock and began to toy with her womanhood. Adria felt a surge of lust, and followed suit.

"By the gods, your hand on my cock feels incredible," said Kora.

"I think..." said Adria, squeezing out the words between breaths, "I know what you mean."

Kora chuckled softly, which was swiftly followed by a jolt of pleasure.

Adria was the first to climax again, her rod stiffening in Kora's grip, but still not having its own orgasm just yet. This time Kora could see her breasts shaking, which drove her wild. Adria then took her fingers, which were covered in her juices, and offered them to Kora.

Kora, still stroking and being stroked by Adria, still fingering towards her own climax, parted her lips and tasted her lover again. With her mouth firmly around the delectable digits, her own powerful orgasm hit her. She groaned loudly, then offered her own juice-covered fingers to Adria, who returned the favor.

This primal exchange set off something deep within them both. They leaned back on their hands, the ones that weren't stroking, and began to stroke one another harder.

Kora and Adria locked eyes, their excellent nighttime vision showing them exquisite visions in this night time. They each gripped and jerked the cock they held as if it were their own. They felt where their cocks touched, felt the pressure rising within their own, and held on only enough to spur themselves farther.

"Kora..." moaned Adria, "please... don't stop... I'm so close..."

"So am I," Kora moaned back, her voice rising, "Oh, Adria, Adria..."

"Kora!"

"Adria!"

As they cried one another's names, their hands reached a fevered pace, and then they felt the rush as their orgasms tore through them.

Kora felt her satisfaction rush down her full length, then burst out onto Adria, but before she could even come down from the peak, she felt her own body splashed by the molten desire that Adria poured out from her own twitching member. Adria kept pumping, and so did she, as they covered one another and were covered in return.

"Adria..." moaned Kora again.

"Kora..."

They slowed their strokes, guiding one another through more than a few aftershocks. Their chests were both covered in the white liquid, a stark and enflaming contrast to their onyx skin.

As their manhoods finally began to soften, sated for the time being, Kora and Adria leaned forward again and kissed, their slippery breasts sharing the products of their desires and need.

After some time, which felt at once like both a few moments and several lifetimes, Kora broke the kiss.

"Should we clean up? I'm afraid we're quite the mess at the moment."

"No," said Adria, "Every drop is a testament to what we have together. And that's beautiful. Besides, I like the way your breasts slide against mine."

"So..." said Kora, then stopped.

"Come on," said Adria, "I think we're past being shy with one another now."

"So what, exactly, is it that we have together?"

Adria cupped Kora's face in her hands. "Don't you know?"

"I... I..."

"It's love, Kora. I love you. I think I always have. If you hadn't told me tonight what you were and how you felt, I was going to tell you. And I don't want to hide anymore, not even from myself. I love you, Kora."

Kora's eyes brimmed with tears. "I love you, too, Adria. Even if neither of us were more than a woman, I would love you."

They kissed again. It seemed the appropriate thing to do.

~~~

"So how did you learn?" asked Adria. They were flat on their backs now, stretched out on the blankets, looking up at the sky with their hands held between them.

"Learn what?" asked Kora.

"How to do... things. You know, the stuff we just did."

Kora laughed- a high, bright laugh at sent butterflies throughout Adria. "It's called sex, my love. I think we're past being shy with one another now."

Now it was Adria's turn to laugh, and she felt Kora have a similar butterfly-related experience.

"Okay, sex. But where did you learn?"

"Well... I did practice on a couple of boys, just after I came of age," said Kora. "But that was mainly to see if other cocks liked what I do. Then I experimented with some neighbor girls, who were of the same age and not yet turned off by other women, at least, not in secret. They were more than obliging for me to do all the work, and they not having to return the favor."

"I bet!" said Adria, "But you know what? Their loss."

"And your gain," agreed Kora, "But what about you?"

"Much the same. Before I knew I loved you, of course."

"Of course."

"Two of my partners were brother and sister."

"What? Really?"

"Not at the same time, silly! I just went there once looking for one, and ended up with the other. Although, between you and me, if they were up for it, I think I would have been."

"Mmmm... now that's a thought..." said Kora. "You, your cock deep inside someone, with someone else's cock deep inside you... Ooh. I'll treasure the image. How long ago did you realize how you felt about me?"

"I first realized I loved you," Adria said, reveling in the how the word felt, "Four years ago, after that trip up North our families were both invited to. When we parted after it, I just felt like you were taking part of me with you. In short order I realized that you had. My heart. I have touched no one other than myself from then until tonight."

"I confess my realization was less romantic," said Kora. "I have always lusted after you, Adria. Always. Your breasts, your ass, your deep, dark skin... from the first time I saw you, I have never thought of anyone else no matter what I was doing or who I was doing it with. But that was just lust, until one day, I forget when, I caught myself fantasizing. Not about fulfilling my desires with you, although believe me, that was involved!"
