 That was the first of many visits to the laboratory, but I didn't get to play with the futabot again. Instead, I was the subject of investigation, and spent hours being interviewed, answering seemingly random questions, electrodes all over my head, a vibrator pressed to my pussy and purring away. Or sometimes I was strapped into the chair while feathers tickled my feet. Or bent over the table, strapped down and whipped at irregular intervals. But always the endless questions and electrodes.

And then there was the time I was in an MRI for twenty minutes, the magnet hammering away at my head while a mechanical butterfly fluttered against my clit. "Please try to keep still," Dr Evans's voice in my ears said repeatedly, while my fingers itched to scratch.

And the time I rode the Sybian until the questions blurred into meaningless words, my answers unintelligible anyway...

The sessions were exhausting, and always left me both bored out of my skull and horny as hell. On my train journey home each Saturday, I was invariably too tired to think or read or anything, yet too wired to sleep. I was consumed by the need to fuck, but lacked the energy to do anything about it.

I didn't have a boyfriend at the time - never being very good at keeping them - and was staying with Sasha, who had no wish to share hers (or to be shared between us, alas). "You're as bad as my brother," she muttered, scowling at me.

She certainly wasn't suggesting anything, but I perked up immediately. "Oh yes?"

Her eyes narrowed distrustfully. "Don't you dare!"

"Don't what?" I asked, pretending innocence as I snatched up her phone and scrolled through her contacts.

"Ali!" she hissed, trying to grab it back, but I ran to the bathroom and locked myself in.

"Dai? Hi," I said, ignoring the angry thump on the door, "it's Ali. Are you free tonight?"

"Er, sure."

"Why don't you come over? Bring condoms."

There was silence for a long moment. "Seriously?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely."

"Right," he said. "Okay. Be there in half an hour."

Sasha glowered at me as I peered round the door. "Is he coming?"

I nodded.

"Right, well I'm going. I don't want to spend the night listening to the two of you fuck."

Orgasms or not, being teased and tormented for hours is not the same as a good, hard fuck. I needed a cock in me. I needed to feel a man pounding his hard, hungry cock into me with pure, animal lust. I needed to feel that lust too, that need that banishes rational thought.

Dai, much as I loved his Welsh accent (bizarrely, so much thicker than Sasha's) and his rich baritone voice when singing, was not what I would consider boyfriend material, but he did have one very important attribute: convenience. Not only was he currently young, free and single, but he lived nearby.

And - most unexpectedly - he was hung like a horse.

He arrived even as his sister escaped. He flushed guiltily beneath her passing glare, but then she was gone and the door was closed and it was just the two of us. I pushed him back against the door and dropped to my knees, my hands working his belt open. "Um, hi?" he said, and laughed nervously.

I pulled his zip down and tugged at his waistband. Looking up into his eyes, I said, "I'm not looking for a relationship. This is just sex. Are you okay with that?"

He gulped. He actually gulped. It was cute. "Yes," he said, nodding.

And that's when his cock, semi-erect and hardening quickly, sprung out from his jeans.

Okay, so it wasn't the biggest cock I had ever had the pleasure of, but in terms of size and aesthetics, it certainly made my Top Ten (yes, I have such a list). I wrapped a hand about it, my thumb stroking the smooth skin, and I sniffed it to make sure it was clean. It was.

It was leaking precum too, and judging by the damp patch on his knickers it had been leaking for a while. "I would have thought the girls would be lining up to use you, Dai," I teased.

He was only nineteen, several years younger than me, always awkward around girls and quite possibly a virgin. Barely had I wrapped my eager lips about his now erect cock when he gave a panicked moan and thrust deep into my mouth. I recoiled, choking, as cum splashed against my face. With a frustrated whine, he tried to catch the rest of it in his hands, though cum escaped around the edges of his palms and squeezed between his fingers. "Sorry!" he cried, his cheeks bright red with embarrassment.

I tried to keep a straight face. "Go clean yourself," I said calmly, "and we'll try again."

And we did, though again he didn't last very long. While it was fun being the first woman he'd ever been with, I would have preferred an experienced lover. But beggars can't be choosers - in the absence of an experienced lover, an eager lover will suffice.

As the weeks went by, his stamina improved remarkably. He would wait for me on Saturday evenings, ready to service me the moment I got home, ready to practise the skills I was teaching him. He grew confident, and even a little cocky, which I didn't really mind.

The only problem was the way he kept finding excuses to pop round at other times during the week, not content with being just my Saturday evening lover. He complained that I was keeping him at a distance, which I was; and that I was keeping secrets, which I was - or, rather, I was keeping my private life to myself.

"I told you from the start," I said. "It's just sex. I don't want a relationship."

"Then let's have sex. Now. Why wait till Saturday?" (It was a Tuesday.)

"I have work to do tonight. Be patient."

"Where do you go on Saturdays? You always come back desperate for sex. Do you have another lover?"

To be honest, the relationship, such as it was, was exhausting. I would have broken up with him sooner if the sex hadn't been so good. "I think we should stop this," I said.

"Maybe we should," he snapped back at me, and stormed off.

The following Saturday, in Cambridge once again, I was waiting in the lobby for Dr Evans to collect me when Dai wandered in through the revolving doors. "What are you doing here?" I hissed.

He had the grace to look guilty. "I followed you," he said quietly as he sat beside me. "It's been driving me nuts not knowing where you've been going. I was sure you were meeting a man."

"I am," I said, seeing a very puzzled Dr Evans approaching. "Hi, Doc. This is Dai, my ex-FWB."

Dr Evans frowned. "What's an 'XFWB'?"

"Someone who will no longer be screwing me every Saturday night."

"Ali!" my XFWB whined.

Dr Evans studied him thoughtfully. "It's up to you, of course, but we could use him today. I mean, since he's here anyway."

"What do you mean, 'use me'?"

I shrugged. "Did anyone bring condoms?"

"There's plenty in the lab."

"He's big."

"I've got all sizes."

"Well, Dai," I said. "Feel like being a rat for a day?"

He stared at me, utterly lost for words.

"Last chance for you to be with me..."

He nodded unhappily. "Okay."

Dai followed Dr Evans and me through the maze of corridors and down the narrow stairs to the lab, and then into the room with all the cameras and other sensors. There was no sign of the futabot, much to my disappointment. "If you would both undress, please," Dr Evans said, leaving us alone while he went off, presumably to start the cameras and everything.

Dai looked round nervously, while I was quickly naked. "What's going on?" he asked.

"We're going to fuck," I said. "For science. Come on, get your kit off."

Dr Evans reappeared with a string of condoms and a clipboard, and took a seat in the corner of the room.

Since Dai seemed frozen with uncertainty, I dropped to my knees, as so often before, and worked his trousers open and down about his ankles. Inside his Y-fronts, his cock was discouragingly limp, but as I caressed it through the cotton and as I kissed his thighs, I could feel it stirring. "I want your cock in my mouth," I said, looking up into his eyes. "I want you naked in front of me."

With a nod of assent, he thawed at last, tugging his shirt off over his head and flinging it to the side of the room. I helped him out of his shoes, socks and trousers, and finally his knickers, revealing a cock that was no longer shy of so much attention.

With a moan of exaggerated lust, I took the hardening member into my mouth and sucked, my tongue teasing the smooth, delicate skin. "Do you like my mouth?" I asked after a minute.

"I fucking love your mouth," he said adoringly.

"Do you enjoy fucking it?"

Dai glanced over at Dr Evans, who was scribbling notes and glancing at us from time to time. "I love fucking your mouth," Dai said.

"If I had a cock, would you let me fuck your mouth?"

"What? No! I'm not gay!"

"I didn't say I'd be a man," I said, and returned my attention to his cock, taking it gradually deeper into my throat as his thrusting became less gentle.

I pushed him away to catch my breath. "What if I looked exactly like I do now, even down to the sweet and sensitive folds of my pussy that you love so much, but I had a cock as well. Would you let me use it on you?"

He shrugged uncomfortably. "I don't know. It would be weird."

I'm one of those girls who love having a cock to suck on. I love the sense of control it gives me. I love also when a man takes control, grabs my hair and fucks my mouth. I love that moment when the cock stiffens at the precipice of orgasm, and the moment when cum erupts. Volcanic. Hot, sticky, creamy lava, spilling from my lips, dripping onto my breasts and thighs. And Dai was blessed in that department, able to produce a good quantity of creamy white cum, especially when he followed my instructions. "Save your cum for me," I would tell him after our Saturday sessions. "I want it all."

I came up for air again. "What if all girls had cocks? What if all girls had cocks and expected men to do this for them?"

He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me close, his cock thrusting between my lips once more and slipping into my throat. Perhaps he just wanted to shut me up, but I sensed he was close. I made a firm ring with my lips and used my tongue as well as I could, but even so he seemed to take forever to climax. The need to breathe was getting urgent when at last he arrived, his cum spilling deep in my throat as he held my head tight against his belly.

Dai released me, and I pulled away, gasping for breath. His cock, still pulsing vibrantly, spat cum at my face as I did, and then at my breasts, and then seemed to run out of steam abruptly. He sighed as he relaxed, cum dribbling from his proud cock.

"If I had a cock," I said, "I would love to do this to you. I would love to see you on your knees in front of me with my cum all over your face and chest."

"Lucky for me, you don't."

I scooped up a line of cum from my cheek and licked my finger clean. "You know, if you want to be my boyfriend, you'll lick my breasts clean of your cum." And really, there was just a tiny bit. "It's not like anyone will ever know..." I added, ignoring the cameras and live studio audience (i.e., Dr Evans).

To give him credit, he did think about it for a second, but his lips twisted in disgust. "You're sick, Ali. There's something very wrong with you." He turned suddenly and snatched up his clothes.

"Oh please," I snarled. "Go find some vanilla girl to stalk."

"I didn't stalk..." He stopped mid-sentence, no doubt realising that secretly following me halfway across the country did qualify as stalking. "Well, I won't anymore."

He finished dressing and, without another word, walked out - leaving me still on my knees, naked and splashed with his cum, watching him bemused.

"I'll need to see him out," Dr Evans said. "Don't go anywhere."

And then I was alone, just the cameras for company. "Boys are so fragile," I said melodramatically, and exited stage left.

After cleaning myself in the sink in the corner of main lab area, I explored the room that had previously housed the VR suit. The suit was gone, and there was no sign of the futabot, but there was a large, locked chest big enough to hide a body in. I knocked on the lid. "Anybody in there?" I called. "Knock once for yes, twice for no."

I jumped back with a sharp cry as something thudded on the lid from the inside. My heart was pounding. "Who's in there?" I demanded.

There was a quiet, muffled answer. A feminine voice.

"I wasn't planning to show you today," Dr Evans said, suddenly behind me. "But I can hardly leave you thinking I've locked a woman in there."

He took a key from his pocket and unlocked the chest, swinging the lid up and over. It was a lot like he was opening a coffin. The body inside was naked, and utterly still. Her eyes were closed. Her expression peaceful. The sight of it gave me gooseflesh. 

Not least because she looked identical to me. (Actually, she looked like an air-brushed celebrity version of me: skin unblemished, free of wrinkles, curves exaggerated.) In almost every respect.

There was one difference, however.

"Am I sick?" I asked. "Is it wrong that I want her to wake up and fuck me with that?"

He shrugged. "Natural human curiosity."

"Oh yes? Have you done it with her?"

"No!"

The way he blushed bright red, I had to wonder. "But you've thought of it."

"No!"

I laughed. "Liar. You should, though. I'd love to watch her fuck you. Can you wake her up?"

He hesitated a moment, then nodded. "Alex," he said loudly. "Activate."

Alex opened her eyes and sat up, her head swivelling slowly as she studied the room, as if cataloguing everything in it, including Dr Evans and myself. "Hello, Dr Evans," she said, her voice mine, her accent mine too. Her head tilted like a quizzical puppy's as she studied me. "Hello, Alex."

"No," I said. "My name is Ali, not Alex. You are Alex."

"Oh. Okay. Hello, Ali."

"Hello, Alex. Would you like to fuck me?"

Almost instantly, her nipples hardened. "I want to fuck you," she said. The cock between her legs, that had looked so small and limp before, was very quickly standing at attention, and superior in both length and girth to Dai's. A magnificent futa-cock.

"You are so beautiful," I said.

"Thank you. Can we fuck now?"

The way her eyes were able focus on mine made her seem alive in a way that the other futabot hadn't. Her expression, however, and her tone of voice remained calm and neutral. Her movements were birdlike, watchful and curious. In all, she seemed almost like a child in a woman's body. Or sort-of, anyway.

Suddenly uncomfortable, I shook my head. "Come here, Alex."

She studied the chest, stood slowly, and stepped out carefully. I could hear the soft whine of her machinery as she walked over to me.

"She has a battery life of up to four hours," Dr Evans commented. "Physical exertion will reduce that significantly."

Alex startled me by putting her hands on my breasts and squeezing my nipples gently between her fingers. Below them, the soft head of her cock pressed against me as she stepped closer still.

Human interaction has so many subtle rules that we learn through years of experience. The concept of personal space and the language of gestures were clearly lost on Alex. I had ordered her to come to me, and she interpreted it logically.

Her hands brushed down my sides and around to grab my cheeks, allowing her to pull me tight against her, her breasts against mine, her cock hard against my belly. "I want to fuck," she said, and kissed me.

She kissed me the way Fiona would. Dr Evans must have used the data from my session with her to program Alex. I certainly wasn't complaining, but in that kiss, though it was enjoyable, Alex lacked the soft versatility of a real human. However, overall, with the exception of that cock, she felt like a real flesh-and-blood woman, soft and warm, and in my arms.

"Wow," I said. "I really want to take you home."

"I need to fuck you," she said. "Now."

My earlier discomfort was gone, replaced by a burning need to let her have her way with me. I let go of the weirdness of being seduced by a futabot copy of myself. After all, I was complicit in her design. All those Saturdays had been leading to this point, and the result surpassed my expectations. "Fuck me, Alex," I said. "Fuck me hard."

"Wait!" Dr Evans said, and we both looked at him. I wondered whether Alex was as frustrated as I by this interruption. "Sorry, but can you do it next door, please?"

"Yes, Dr Evans," Alex said, and I squealed as she picked me up. I wrapped my arms around her neck as she carried me, following Dr Evans through to the room with the cameras.

Her strength and balance were truly impressive. Rather than lower me to the floor, she lifted my hips until her face was between my breasts and the head of her cock nestling within the folds of my pussy. I could feel I was wet - well lubricated and hopefully ready for what was about to happen.

She lowered me slowly, letting gravity drive me down onto her incredibly thick cock. Much as I had enjoyed Dai's cock over the months, I had missed this wonderful feeling of being stretched by futa-cock.

"Men are obsolete," I said, laughing. "Fuck me, Alex, with your beautiful cock."

Again and again she lifted me until the monster threatened to escape, only to pull me down again, burying more and more of herself in me, every exquisite inch of her cock rubbing against my clit over and over, until I could feel her pressing against my cervix.

My feet were able to touch the ground again. Our faces were level - I kissed her hungrily. I was full of her cock, impaled on it, trapped by it, and I loved it. "I love you," I whispered in her ear.

"I love you," she whispered back, and lowered herself carefully to her knees. I let her guide me onto my back, spreading my legs to let her kneel between them, her cock swiftly finding its way into me again and thrusting deep.

"Give it to me hard and fast," I said.

"Yes, my love."

She pulled out slowly, and thrust in hard and fast, forcing a cry from me from the rush of sensation. "Yes," I gasped. "Again. Don't stop."

Again she pulled out slowly and thrust in hard and fast. Again I cried out. Again and again. "Fuck!" I climaxed - for the first time that day, but certainly not the last. Alex continued her powerful, metronomic fucking while I convulsed beneath her, one orgasm giving way to the next, until I couldn't tell where one ended and the next began.

"Come in me," I begged her. "Fill me up with your creamy cum."

Without breaking her tireless assault, she did. Her cock swelled within me until I was sure I would burst, and then it was pulsing inside me and I could feel her cum tickling my insides. "Yes!" I shouted, lost in yet another climax. "Fuck! Yes!"

Alex pulled out slowly, this time all the way, cum gushing from my abandoned pussy. She wasn't finished with me, however. Lifting my right leg, she positioned herself so that our matching pussies were pressed together, and proceeded to scissor me expertly, clit against clit, her cum-soaked cock jutting up free between us.

I had thought myself too worn out for more, but I climaxed with a sudden intensity, and messily too as I squirted helplessly. "Enough!" I begged her, but she ignored me and forced me to climax three more times before relenting. Aiming her cock at my chest, she directed stream after stream of pearly white cum at my belly and breasts, some splashing across my face, until I was almost covered in the stuff.

Letting go of my leg, she crawled over me, and bent to kiss me. "Would you like me to lick you clean?"

"No," I said, blissfully happy. "Just roll me over and fuck me until your batteries run out."

And that's exactly what she did.