 This novella is intended for adult readers only. The content is sexually explicit and intended for mature readers (18+). 

***** 

Why had her ship crashed on this planet? Of all places to get stranded, this jungle was inhabited by some very sexually aggressive natives. These humanoids were known as...well honestly Korrina had no idea what they were called. Her ships computer died in the crash. All she heard was the warnings that announced over the PA when she plotted an emergency landing to this planet. 

***** 

The computer announced in a very calm and powdery female voice, "Warning...warning... Planetary population is humanoid and very primitive. They are...very aggressive. Most aggression falls under the category of 'sexual' and if captured, you have an eighty six point forty two percent chance that you will be fucked to death." 

"Wait, what!?" 

"You heard me Korrina. You will more than likely be fucked to death on this planet." 

"I'm trying to find a nice flat place to set you down Brigitte. Could you try to be a little bit more helpful?" 

"No...this is entirely your fault. If you would have taken me in for my regularly scheduled maintenance, this would not be happening." 

"Brigitte! Now is not the time damn it! I need you to focus and help us both out." 

The computer was silent for a moment then answered, "There is no hope for us. We are doomed. It is not possible to fix my complex and technologically advanced systems on a primitive jungle planet and we are so far off course, there are no shipping lanes that will pick up your distress beacon...at least not in your human lifetime. So to answer your question, no I will not help you. Just crash us into the side of a mountain and get it over with." 

Korrina bounced in her seat from the turbulence as her freighter flew through the atmosphere like a fiery meteor with a plume of black smoke in its wake. There was a large body of water up ahead. A water landing it would have to be. The ship's hold was still sealed and it would be a good place to hide the vessel from the indigenous population. No sense in stirring up any unnecessary attention. The huge plume of smoke pointing to the lake already put her at a disadvantage. 

"Brigitte, prepare the ship for a water landing! I'm going to put you down in that lake up ahead!" 

"No." 

"Oh for the love of God! Just do it Brigitte!" 

" You should have been better to me. I hate you." 

When the ship splashed down into the lake, the computer did not prepare for a water landing. However, it turned out that the only difference between a water landing and a normal landing was the cooling system for the computer. When they touched down, water filled Brigitte's open conduits and shut her down permanently. She had committed cyber-cide." 

●▬▬▬▬▬๑۩۩๑▬▬▬▬▬● 

Thinking back to the crash Korrina shook her head and harrumphed, "Pfft...stupid computer. Of all the AI systems I could get...they gave me Brigitte...the most moody, passive aggressive bitch in the fleet." 

Sadly for Korrina, the estimations made by Brigitte had already started to play out. She had been captured by two native men and forced to suck them off. As frightened as she was, they were probably the best two blowjobs she'd ever given. Sucking cock wasn't exactly performance art to her but you can get pretty creative you think your life is on the line. Shorty afterward, the two men had left her tied to a tree branch. She was certain the reason they tied her up, was to return later with more tribesmen. As her computer had informed her, she was very worried they were planning to fuck her to death. It made sense that if they were going to be friendly, she would have been taken to their village. Tying her up to a tree meant that whatever they had planned, it was not meant for the eyes of the women and children. She only knew she had to find a way out of her situation. 

...and what a horrible situation it was. 

The Tree she was tied to looked old. It was big and wide with long limbs that curved and twisted. It was perched on the edge of a cliff. The way its large naked roots clung to the jagged rocks made it seem almost sentient. It was as if it understood how far the drop was by its fat and wild roots grabbing at anything they could cling to. 

The fast moving water of the river cascaded downward into a waterfall, plummeting over a thousand feet to the bottom. The branch she was tied to left her dangling high above the main spray. From her vantage point, she had the perfect view of the water falling all the way to the crystal blue pool below. As she had it figured, this was a scare tactic the tribesmen used. She was actually very impressed even though she was afraid for her life. As primitive as they were, they were not stupid. 

Korrina was a tall thin woman with large breasts and red hair. Her skin was milk white from spending entirely too much time as a space pilot and not enough time in nature. That had held true up until today. 

Her hands were bound by a single leather strap. She was extremely healthy and could have swung up to grab the limb with her legs but she had little faith in this strap. The tree limb she was tied to was close to three feet thick and the leather strap was tied to the base of a branch that grew upward from the main limb she was hanging on. The leather chord draped down over the side with an extra two feet of length to keep her from latching hold with her hands. 

She had an eye for detail and took in everything she could. You never knew what might be able to help you. Earlier today when they tied her restraints to a branch on the limb, Korrina noticed there was no bark around its base. The wood had a small polished indentation that formed a ring around it and tribal writing above it. As much as she had no idea what the markings meant, she did know that a lot of people had been tied here. Actually what she really knew was a lot of heavy things had been tied here. There was no way to determine if those things were people but once they lowered her down over the edge, she had little doubt. 

Each time the wind blew she could feel the leather stretch. It undoubtedly was making a leathery creaking sound but lucky for her, the deafening sound of the waterfall had drowned that out. Her life was literally dangling by a thread. 

Looking down the length of her body, she came to a horrible realization; the spray from the waterfall was soaking her boots and flight suit. It was increasing her weight by a lot. Whatever the normal routine was for these people, it did not include high tech clothing. The men that tied her here would not have considered the extra weight and she was sure she was going to fall to her death as she felt her hands going numb. These purple swollen meat bags no longer looked or felt like her hands at all. 

"Cho-moska Ai papa su'su!" 

Korrina looked up in surprise. A woman dressed in leaves was crouched above her on the tree branch. She was young and beautiful with mocha brown skin. Her face was perfectly smooth and she had long straight black hair. If it weren't for her larger than average green eyes, she could have passed for an Asian on her planet. She was sure the girl looked exactly like a very leafy branch to onlookers at a distance. 

This native woman was a master of camouflage and she had no idea how long this young woman had been watching. With that makeshift ghillie suit, she could have been sitting in a different tree and had a front row seat to her capture and her blowjob special. Had she seen her service those two fine young men? She was in a predicament and didn't have time to let her mind wander. She needed to recruit this woman's help. 

"I'm sorry I don't understand but I need help. Please help me! Please!" 

The young lady didn't understand her words but she could understand her desperation. The dark skinned girl pointed to the leather strap, "Cho-moska!" She then made a fist and mimicked her sucking a cock by pressing her tongue into her cheek. She said with a smile, "Papa su'su!" 

Korrina thought she understood the pantomime so she nodded and said, "Yes the two men made me suck them off and tied me here. Cho-moska! Yes! Please help me! ...Papa su'su!" 

Standing on the tree limb she shook her fists into the air. The young woman smiled and let out a happy shriek, "AAiiieeeee!! Papa su'su!!" 

Korrina nodded as she dangled helplessly, "Yeah that's great, you watched me sucking cocks and get tied up. I'm so glad we could have this conversation now ...PEASE! HELP ME!" 

The happy young woman untied a thin leather strap just below her breasts and started rolling it around her palm. As soon as she did this, the leaves and branches on her body took to the wind. She was only five feet tall but she had a perfectly sculpted body with small breasts. There wasn't an ounce of fat anywhere. Other than the small wreath of leaves in her hair and a few leather straps holding her gear, she stood completely naked and erect... 

ERECT?? 

The young woman had a huge cock and it was throbbing with excitement. She thrust her hips suggestively at Korrina and smiled saying, "Papa su'su." 

Suddenly it hit Korrina and everything fell into place. She sighed and shook her head saying, "Ooh I should have known..." She watched the girl wiggling and stroking her cock above her on the branch. She had large testicles as well. If she hadn't been in suck dire straits, this would have been a very erotic moment for her. The beautiful young woman was now licking two fingers on her other hand and using them to rub her anus. It seemed to Korrina that she enjoyed being watched. Everything the young woman did was exaggerated and done in a way to make sure she saw everything. Finally Korrina yelled up to her, "Okay! You get me out of this mess and I will...papa su'su...you!" 

The young lady smiled and went to pull her up, but the leather strap started to stretch. Letting go she slowly pumped her hands downward with outstretched fingers. Her voice was soft and calming as she said, "Ooohhhsto gooooon." 

"Yes yes I will not move, just...please help me," Korrina pleaded. 

The young woman wrapped her legs around the tree branch and flipped upside down grabbing Korrina's wrists. She was very strong for her size and lifted her almost effortlessly. Using a broken smaller branch as a support, the young woman slipped it between Korrina's wrists and set her on it like she was hanging a coat. She moved with the grace of a spider, turning Korrina toward her. She pulled an obsidian blade from a sheath tied to a leather strap behind her. It had a handle made from the jawbone of some animal and looked very intimidating. 

Korrina's eyes went wide, "Wooah! Wait a minute...easy with that thing. " 

The young woman smiled still hanging upside down. With the flat of the stone blade she slapped Korrina in the ribs saying, "Se bojugan, se somandu, ...papa su'su." As if she was saying the most obvious thing in the world. Without another word she began cutting the flight suit off of Korrina. The stone blade was razor sharp and glided down the length of it without even slowing for the stitches and folds in the material. 

It was all Korrina could do to not scream as the blade moved dangerously close to her skin but with four quick cuts, the heavy and wet suit fell from her body leaving her hanging in her underwear and boots. Looking down she watched the torn suit tumble and fall with the water until it disappeared into the roaring spray at the base of the falls. She wasn't sure how she felt about being naked in a strange land but her wrists felt immediately better. 

"Ooohh! Gormika'no no chulima!" the young woman said as she grabbed Korrina's panties and pulled them down. Her shame flopped out. On her world this was not seen as okay. People born with both sexes were shunned and treated as abominations. Part of the reason she'd signed up to be a pilot was to get off of her world and away from its closed minded inhabitants. 

Korrina blushed as she felt the obsidian blade cut her underwear lose and the young woman's hand pulling at her cock. She felt so ashamed she just wanted to disappear and began to think that maybe, it would be better to fall than endure this humiliation. 

Shuffling in front of her, the young native woman hung upside down with her large erect cock directly in Korrina's face. 

What was wrong with her? Here she was in the most precarious situation of her entire life and the one person to find her shame was helping her and she also had a penis. Korrina shrugged and took the bulbous tip of the large cock into her mouth. As she started sucking, she felt the girl's wet mouth wrap around her flaccid cock. A sixty-nine hanging precariously from a tree branch above a waterfall was possibly the most erotic thing she'd ever done in her life. Blood began flooding to her groin and her legs stretched out. Her toes pointed and her ass flexed. 

She forgot about the pain in her wrists or the possibility of the men returning in great numbers. She sucked feverishly and let the thundering sound of the waterfall wash her other thoughts away. It wasn't long before her cock was completely erect and pulsing inside the native woman's mouth. Her mind was so keenly awake from the adrenaline that she could feel every taste bud on the young woman's tongue. Korrina could feel her tongue wiggling and circling around the head of her cock as she bobbed on it. The slow rhythm made her dangling body swing back and forth like a pendulum but her fear was gone. As her body swung forward, the native woman would move into the momentum, and the head of her cock would slide down the young woman's throat. As she swung away, the young woman would tighten her lips around the head of her cock and slowly pull her back. It didn't surprise Korrina at all that she was already on the verge of exploding. 

"Oh I'm sorry beautiful stranger...I...I'm. Ohhh Ngggguuuhh!!" 

Cum shot out as her cock flexed. She filled the woman's mouth and sent cum spraying out of her nose. The adrenaline mixed with the natural beauty of the crazy situation managed to create an extremely intense orgasm. Every muscle in her body flexed hard and Korrina screamed at the top of her lungs. To her surprise, the remarkable girl kept sucking; hanging upside down with cum in her mouth and nose. 

She finally called out to her, "Woaah! Aahhh!! So intense! Stop! Stop! EEaahhhh!!" 

The naked young woman wiped her nose and yelled, "Aaaiiee! Throk! Dai Conda!" Then grabbed one of Korrina's feet. Climbing back up the tree branch, she pulled until she had all of Korrina's leg and enough leverage to lift her. With the girl's assistance, Korrina wrapped her leg around the branch like she was mounting a horse. Only in her case, her hands were still bound and the way the young woman pulled her up, her arms were stretched tight in the bindings rendering her helpless. 

Korrina frowned and whimpered, "Wait...what are you doing? Stop I...I...I did the papa su'su thing. Help untie me please." 

Deep down inside she knew the young woman's appetite did not get satisfied. She was so taken by her own experience that she forgot to keep sucking the young girl's cock. She did not fulfill her end of the papa su'su agreement and now it was time to pay the piper. She felt the tight muscular body of the young woman press against her back. Her warm erect cock wedged between the cheeks of her ass. Both of them were soaked from a mix of mist from the waterfall and the sweat of their bodies. Like a nuru massage, the petite woman glided frictionless against her back. Korrina knew the young woman was very agile and light on her feet but with both of them being wet and slippery, one slip would be lethal. Deep down, she'd wanted to have sex with this woman since she first removed her leaves. There was no reason to fight her. She could feel the woman's hard nipples and her throbbing cock as it glided up and down in the crack of her ass. 

The native woman moaned and bit at Korrina's neck forcefully. She did not have to be psychic to understand how horny this woman was or that she wasn't getting out of this without being fucked really hard. 

The tip of her cock was so hard that it felt like a smooth warm stone. The girl pressed against her starfish as she made small circles. Korrina wasn't big into anal but this woman was being very aggressive and it was the kind of thing that turned her on. As the young woman started to apply pressure, her circular little muscle began to stretch and before she was ready it wonked her little ass open painfully. 

"Yeaaooww!! Oh my god that thing is big. Take it easy baby it's not like I'm going anywhere." 

It seemed to her like the young woman went into an erotic trance, the instant the gland of her cock slipped inside Korrina. Breathing heavy, the native growled like a wild animal as she dug her fingers into the flanks of her sexual prey. Much like their wet and sweaty bodies, the fleshy pole glided up into her ass with little resistance. The native woman's pelvis pressed firmly against her ass, pinning her to the tree limb. Korrina gasped from the overwhelming mixed sensation of pleasure and pain. From deep down in her lizard brain, her body flexed trying desperately to reject the foreign invasion but this sort of reaction only encouraged and stimulated the predator pressing down on her. Hot breath poured over her neck and shoulder as the native woman gently bit behind her ear. The cock twitched in a series of hard pulses and she could feel the warm cum filling her. Was this young woman a virgin? Her breath shuddered as her hips pumped against her ass in fast one inch thrusts. Cum spilled inside her in large spurts. The native bit Korrina's shoulder hard enough to bruise. With her toes digging into the tree limb, she buried her cock as deep inside her as she could get it. With every muscle flexed in her hard little body, the young woman grunted as her cock twitched and continued to squirt her hot cum deeper and deeper into Korrina's ass. Her body froze solid. Like a statue, the native woman held her body flexed. Veins stood out on her arms and neck and she held her breath for the grand finale. Only her cock moved, twittering inside Korrina. Much to her surprise, she found this feeling very exciting and erotic. 

Suddenly the young woman fell limp onto her back gasping for breath. Snuggling against Korrina the native woman giggled, wiggling her hips back and forth. With her giant member still completely solid, the back and forth motion pried poor Korrina's ass open even farther. 

"Aaaahh!! Try not to forget you have a fish on that hook." She chided. Korrina had been through quite a lot already and couldn't have fought her if she wanted. She wasn't sure how she felt about what was happening but she had the notion that this was a form of currency in this land. It did excite her to think she might have taken the native woman's male virginity. Beyond that, her ass had never been so full of cock in her entire life and it made her reluctant no matter how much she tried to relax.  

The bark on the tree was odd and otherworldly to Korrina. There was nothing firm about it. Soft and wet, the texture was like a giant sponge. Even though her ass was being tortured, the pressure from above made her cock rub against the squishy tree bark; pleasuring her and causing it to inflate into a turgid mass again whether she wanted it or not. In a way, she was feeling betrayed by her body. She really just wanted to get out of the precarious position she was in. 

The native woman was in her post orgasmic euphoria, still wiggling and hugging her. She was speaking in low tones almost purring. It was too quiet for Korrina to hear over the roar of the waterfall. 
