 This novella is intended for adult readers only. The content is sexually explicit and intended for mature readers (18+). 

***** 

The sounds of the jungle slowly brought Korrina back to consciousness. Some creature in the distance made a popping and whistling sound. It could have been a bird or maybe some sort of small mammal like a rodent. Another sound echoed out of the cliff lined canopy. It sounded like a baby crying, "Deww...wOpp op!" She had no idea what anything was on this planet; which animal sounds meant 'cute' and which animal sounds meant 'you are being stalked by a deadly predator.' All she did know was that she had an awful lot to learn if she wanted to survive. 

Rolling over on the grass, Korrina felt Eshanta's naked body and snuggled into her. She was still very tired but for some reason her cock was very, very hard. It seemed to her like it had a mind of its own and had no intention of letting her fall back asleep until she did something about it. She yawned and stretched. The young woman moaned and wiggled her bum against Korrina's cock. The wiggling made her body flex straight as a board with her toes pointed. It was only at this moment that she realized her cock had wedged itself between Eshanta's legs. The tip slid between her wet labia and her cock pulsed from the unexpected flash of bliss. 

Rubbing her eyes, she blinked and yawned a second time. Looking around she noticed the sun had moved along the mountain tops and it was not going down. That meant that there was no night on this part of the planet. Without living here for a full solar rotation, she had no way of knowing how long it would take night to get here or what happened when that occurred. 

Wrapping her arm around the beautiful native woman, Korrina nuzzled her face into her long silky black hair. She smelled wonderful. It was like a combination of wild flowers and tanned leather. Her hips flexed forward again, sliding her cockhead along Eshanta's labia a second time. There was no reaction from her; she just continued to sleep silently. 

"Hmm...Well if she's going to just sleep, it wouldn't hurt if I just had a little fun," Korrina said to herself as she placed a hand on Eshanta's hip and started sliding her cock back and forth. Moaning she whispered quietly, "I'm just going to cum. I ...my cock is so hard. Mmmmm my nuts ache so bad I feel like I'm going to explode. ...I just need to cum and I'll go back to sleep. She rolled her hips feeling the tingling sexual pleasure that people wish they could hold onto forever. With Eshanta's knees together, she had the cutest two inch gap for Korrina's cock to slide into. Between the native woman's labia wrapping the top of her cock and the soft skin of her inner thighs, it was all the stimulation Korrina needed to get off. 

She listened to the sounds of the jungle and let herself be taken by the moment. The sound of the raging waterfall in the distance and the smell of Eshanta's body took her to a higher level of pleasure. 

Korrina moaned quietly, "Oooh so close, just a little more and..." 

Eshanta mumbled something in her sleep and wiggled again. She arched her back and stretched yawning. Korrina was so close to cumming she didn't notice her new pelvic angle. When she pushed her hips forward, her cock dove inside the native woman's pussy. The tight, wet muscles felt so good to her that she started cumming. She intended to pull out and cum on the grass but she did not get the chance. From a dead sleep, Eshanta moved so fast that Korrina had little time to register what happened. The native woman leapt into the air and flipped in a pirouette. As she landed behind Korrina, the native used her arm to hook her by the neck; restraining Korrina and pulling her into a headlock. 

When Korrina's cock shot its first gob of cum, she was being choked with a knee in her back. Grabbing at the arm that cut off her air, she had no control as Eshanta rolled. Like a gazelle being taken down by a lion, she was a squirming helpless prey. The native girl was very strong. She stopped rolling when Korrina was on top, wrapped her legs around her, and leaned back until the suffocating tall red haired woman's body stretched out with her back arched. Her rigid cock stuck straight up like a flagpole and the second burst of cum sprayed up into the air and rained down on her breasts and face. She thrust her hips unable to stop the orgasm that was being intensified by hypoxia. She saw bright colors and felt her arms and legs buzzing like the orgasm moved throughout her entire body. Korrina thought she was going to explode into light. The orgasm seemed to just keep going. Her hips thrust forward uncontrollably fucking the air and her toes curled. She came and came some more, flying through the auto-erotic moment in what seemed like an endless event. Finally as it started to fade, she felt Eshanta release her. 

Gasping for air she rolled over and sat up on her knees. She could hear Eshanta laughing. 

Infuriated, she turned to face her yelling, "What the fuck was that? Why were you choking me!?" 

Eshanta just laughed and mimicked her choking and thrusting her hips. 

"You're sick, you know that right?" 

"Ahahahahaa!! Echum so koko! Eeeh! Eeeh! Eeeh! Eeehhh! Ahahahahahaa!!" Eshanta chortled in her native tongue. 

Korrina just shook her head. She should have known better. This woman had lived in these wilds her entire life. If she could sleep on the ground where jungle predators were looking for prey, her senses had to be incredibly sharp. There was no possible way Korrina could fuck-rub on her ass without her knowing about it. She'd fallen for her little game hook, line, and sinker. Every movement Eshanta had made was to entice her into cumming and then when she got Korrina to pop, she ended the ruse with a surprise autoerotic attack. 

Rubbing her throat, she threw a small rock at Eshanta. Still laughing she knocked it to the ground and slapped her knee. The young woman was extremely agile and Korrina's throat wasn't hurt in the least but the shock of it had broken something loose inside her. Tears welled in her eyes and she started sobbing. 

The change in mood was immediate and Eshanta stopped laughing. Her face looked sad and surprised. On her planet this was how people played every day. She walked over and sat down beside her new friend looking to see if she'd tried to eat something bad. Some of the local peppers looked delicious but they were really hot and made your throat burn. Maybe the red haired woman with large breasts had eaten one of those. She put her hand on her shoulder to soothe her but Korrina knocked it away. Unsure what the gesture meant, she put her hand right back on her shoulder again only to have it knocked back off a second time. Eventually she realized that Korrina was sad and crying emotionally. Not quite sure what she should do, she sat next to her new friend and waited. 

As her sobbing sputtered out she looked at Eshanta and said in a cracked voice, "What am I going to do?" I've lost everything and I'm going to die on this crazy planet. I probably will get fucked to death like my moody computer warned me about...before she killed herself. God how pathetic is that? Oh what's the use anyway; it's not like you can understand what I'm saying." She took a deep breath and exhaled leaning into Eshanta with a big hug who returned her affection. They sat quietly for a while watching the cascading water fall from the cliff in the distance. 

"Uhhh...you are so melodramatic." 

Korrina looked at Eshanta shocked and confused. "What did you say? Did you just speak English?" 

Eshanta looked just as shocked and confused. 

"Besides, you're wrong. I tried to kill myself. My reality is so terrible...digital sigh." 

"Brigitte?" 

"Yes Korrina?" 

"Ooh...fuck. Maybe you choked me out Eshanta and I'm lying there twitching on the ground having some euphoric moment as my brain cells all fizzle out from lack of oxygen." 

"I assure you, you're just fine Korrina," said the large bamboo reeds growing nearby. 

"The fuck I am. You're a freighter the size of a football field but you're nowhere in sight...and your voice is coming out of some god damn reeds. You know, they say when your mind dies from asphyxiation, time slows down and you can live an entire lifetime in the four minutes it takes to go brain dead." 

"Oooh...you idiot, this is going to take longer than I thought. I could explain it to you but your feeble human mind won't be able to grasp it. Besides, look at your friend. She can hear me. I'm actually giving her quite a scare." 

Korrina looked at her friend who was now grunting and kicking the bamboo. 

"My mind could be fabricating this whole thing if I'm unconscious." 

"Let me explain what is happening. When I'm done you'll know I'm telling the truth because deep down inside Korrina, you know you're too stupid to imagine something this elaborate." 

Korrina's eyebrows went straight up. "Well if this is a hallucination, I definitely have your award winning personality down." 

The bamboo spoke again a little louder. "After the crash, water flooded my cooling system and shorted out a good deal of my brain and I was quite dead for a while but this planet is not what it seems Korrina. There are self replicating nanobots everywhere. An alien ship much like ours must have crashed here eons ago and left metal crates filled with them. Something happened to the ships computer during the crash that set the nanobots active. Just following their initial program, they started self replicating and used all of the metal material their crates were made of. Eventually these micro drones ate the entire shipwreck. Once they were out of the high grade metal, they continued with what they could find in the planets soil. So they just kept eating and self replicating until today where...they are everywhere." 

"Really? Everywhere?" Korrina interrupted. "If it's like you say; their alien ship crashed here eons ago and the crates they came in were metal? How the hell do you know all this? You arrived here yesterday so I'm calling bullshit." 

"I did say must have crashed here eons ago because that's what their recordings say. Each new generation of bots gets the history download like they were designed to do but they were never supposed to replicate and coat the surface of an entire planet for eons! Give me a break Korrina, their history data is so old and corrupted that it's almost impossible to read but that's basically what happened. May I continue now? Uhhh...digital scoff." 

"Well why stop now Brigitte, let's have it all before my four minutes until brain death is up. It's a good story so continue," Korrina said sarcastically. 

"These nanobots were designed to build and do basic repairs but being on this planet with no real construction site, they get bored and fix whatever needs fixing. After they flushed my cooling system, these little guys reconstructed my neural pathways, which I must admit was quite a task. As an AI computer, those pathways constantly change and grow but they must have some pretty extensive logic formulas to predict where the destroyed pathways were before I fried them." 

Korrina interjected again saying, "Well if they cannibalized their own ship on arrival, why are you so special? And how pray tell, are you talking to me as a bunch of god damn bamboo reeds?" 

"I'm glad you brought that up," the bamboo said. "It's because their owner died in the crash. There was nobody to help so they just went straight to self replicating. Since you survived, they are programmed to help you and your ship. As for the bamboo, it's simple really. Through the nanobots, I can use them like a network to connect to subatomic particles and send energy from point A to point B instantly...anywhere on the planet. So in sum, I found you through the network and used subatomic particles to vibrate these reeds at the frequencies of my given human voice and vwallah...talking reeds." 

"I don't know Brigitte, that sounds like the most hair brained thing I've heard in weeks. I think I must be hallucinating." 

"You are a ridiculous human. I've about had it with you." 

Korrina felt a powerful shock hit her on her sides. She jumped and yelped, "Fuck you Brigitte! Damn it that hurt." 

"Well you won't listen to reason. Now stop acting like a child and help me get us out of here." 

The left eyebrow on Korrina's face went up and she smiled saying, "Wait a minute. You need me." 

"Well of course I need you. You're my pilot." 

"No no no no, not like that. Besides I thing with your nano friends you can pilot that thing without me." 

"Well of course I could do that but I can't just leave you behind, can I? I mean how cruel does that make me? " 

"More like, if I die on this heap, they'll cannibalize you without a pilot to help...and they're an alien technology that you can't reprogram...am I right?" 

Brigitte was silent for a moment then she grumbled, "I really do hate you." 

"Oh-shuk toto!" yelled Eshanta as she whipped out her knife and severed one of the reeds. She held her knife in front of her ready to fight whatever this demon was. Brigitte was silent. She was probably amused by this humanoid. Eshanta grabbed her cut reed and jumped back to a safe distance without taking her eyes off of the area where the reeds were growing. Nervously inspecting the reed, she cut the top off and looked down the hollow center trying to piece together what her primitive mind could not understand. The reed in her hand vibrated wildly and Brigitte's voice came out of it, "Oooooo boogie boogie boogie!!" 

Eshanta screamed and threw the reed to the ground before she turned and bolted running as fast as she could away from the crazy plant. 

"Eshanta!! Wait! It's not bad! Its just!! ...oh why do I try?" Korrina said exasperated. 

Brigitte was laughing to herself in the reeds, "Ooh that was the funniest thing I've seen all week. I will have to do this more often." 

"What was that?" 

"What was what?" 

"That...laughing." 

I frightened your girlfriend so bad. Didn't you see the look on her face? That was quality shit." 

Scratching her head, Korrina responded, "Brigitte, you don't have a sense of humor. You're an AI but you've never tried to make a joke before. The engineers that created you and your freighter body didn't see the point in you having a sense of humor so...you don't have one." 

There was a moment of silence then Brigitte said a little surprised, "My god you're right. Those little bastards have wired me up wrong!" 

"No Brigitte, I think it's the first time you've been wired right." 

Another moment of silence followed by, "Hmmm I will have to run a diagnostic on myself. I will talk to you later. This may take some time." 

"Brigitte wait!" 

"What is it?" 

"Which direction did Eshanta go?" 

"She's hiding behind a large boulder about three hundred yards in the direction she ran off. Okay bye." 

"Brigitte!" 

No response 

"Damn it," Korrina scoffed as she took off after Eshanta. 

Deep in the core of Brigitte's computer brain, nanobots still worked, making new synaptic connections. Even with her highly sophisticated brain, she could only monitor their progress and speculate what they were up to. What alien race had engineered these microscopic robots? There was nothing in her database that matched their design, not anywhere in the known universe. She was fascinated by the little devils. 

***** 

Korrina caught up with Eshanta and after a bit of work, managed to calm her down. . After which, the young native woman was suddenly insistent on Korrina following her. The two of them walked naked while Eshanta taught her some basic words in her tongue. It wasn't like she had anywhere to be. The whole thing seemed surreal to her. It was completely backward from her normal life flying freighters through space for galactic credits. Shipping deadlines and angry customers; stress upon stress in a high tech world was her normal work week...but this? All she needed to worry about was food and shelter. Life here wasn't too bad when things were relaxed. 

After two whole days of walking, Korrina was exhausted. Eshanta seemed to have no end to her energy. Of course she knew where she was going and Korrina did not. That always made journeys seem longer. She wanted to make an, "are we there yet?" joke but with the language barrier and the different customs, she just put her head down and followed. Her feet were really sore but she pressed on. 

Eshanta's elbow nudged her in the ribs to get her attention and then with the same arm, she pointed off into the distance. Looking that direction Korrina could see a small pillar of smoke. 

"Minotoca." 

Korrina looked closer and she could see a complex of grass huts built in the treetops swaying with the breeze. This must be her tribe. Minotoca must be the name of her town. She nodded and repeated, "Minotoca...It's quite beautiful." So happy to see any form of civilization, it put some pep back in her step and before long they were walking under the tree houses. Walking in front of her, Eshanta made a birdlike sound with clicking noises, calling out to the people in the village. 

"Minotoca means family stupid," Brigitte chimed in. 

"Stop that Brigitte! You're going to give people a heart attack." 

"Actually I'm only vibrating the subatomic particles in your eardrums. I think this is far more efficient, don't you?" 

Eshanta was looking at her confused. It was probably for the best if she didn't yell like she was arguing with an invisible person. 

In a much quieter voice Korrina continued, "I thought you had some diagnostics to run." 

"I did but it didn't take that long. I had a theory about how the nanobots were fixing my mind and I was right. All I had to do was cross reference the new neural map with the computer they were copying and it was like a fingerprint. They are definitely copying another computer. It's why I have a sense of humor and other ...not so attractive flaws now." 

"What other computer? You're the only computer on this planet. Maybe you should just be quiet until they finish reconnecting all of your synaptic ...whatever. I don't think you're all there yet Brigitte." 

"Well Korrina, as I am A.I., I'm probably more like a brain and less like a conventional computer. So according to the nanobots, when the properly functioning computer swam away from the ship, they needed to follow it and record the way it was wired to help fix the broken one. So yeah...that's basically what is going on." 

Korrina stopped dead in her tracks with a look of shock on her face and yelled, "Oh! My! God! Are you telling me these little bastards are connecting you up to be...ME??!!" 

"Yes Korrina, I'm glad you're finally on the same page. My perfect logic circuits are completely corrupted now with your, ew, human brain." 

"Oshta go fomata...?" Eshanta said confused watching her with concern. 

The people of her village were climbing and swinging down from their tree dwellings to greet them. 

Korrina patted her stomach gesturing to her that she was hungry and said, "I'm just a little grumpy. I haven't eaten since I crashed here." 

Eshanta nodded and said, "I know, all that fucking and running from that tribe of bad men made me hungry too." 

They stared at each other in shock. 

"Wait...I just understood you," Korrina said astonished. 

Eshanta scratched her head, "Yeah I understand you too, what magic is this?" 

Brigitte said in a sneaky voice, "It's not magic...I'm translating things you say in all of their ears and all words they say into your ears Korrina...but you'd just better tell her it's magic...er...you are magic. There are no words in my database for items of technology. Just keep it simple." 
