 While traveling along the Mexican coast Angela Consort decided to visit the underground caverns in the area. As an amateur archaeologist she had heard of some artifacts being found in these caverns. Angela was very fit but certainly no Lara Croft. Attractive but introverted she had been successful in her life based on her abilities and not just sex appeal.

Previously Angela had done some spelunking in the United States and South America so the thought of exploring solo did not worry her. She rented equipment and asked at the local museum about sites of interest. The curator said there were indications of fertility altars being located in the area. A follower of the goddess Aphrodite this information heightened her interest.

Several days of exploring were exciting but resulted in nothing to indicate anything of archeological interest. Still curious though, Angela decided to do some caving along a secluded shoreline. Well known by the locals this area was said to be avoided as it was said strange voices emanated from the rocks. Angela was on her own; luckily she enjoyed her own company and was not superstitious. 

Unfortunately these shore caves were the same as all the others she had been in over the years, damp with the smell of rotting seaweed. However, there was a small hole above the caves which looked interesting. Climbing up the worn rock face Angela arrived at an access about two feet in diameter. A smell wafted from the opening. It was earthy and reminded her of the smell of her own pussy, an arousing association.

Pushing her pack ahead of her Angela slipped through the opening. Her head lamp revealed a large cavern after about twenty feet of crawling. The walls were covered artwork and a large statue stood in the center of the vaulted space.

Many of the representations had large phalluses; this must be one of the sites the librarian had alluded to. Very excited Angela arrived at the statue. It was a five foot high penis! The stone was polished and the material looked totally alien to anything else in the cave. The scent she had noticed at the entrance was stronger here. Her arousal heightened, Angela ran her gloved hands down the stone shaft. Even the veins were lifelike and she swore they were pulsating.

Suddenly she felt watched. Spinning around quickly she found that she was still alone. When Angela turned back there was a flow of clear liquid coming from the top of the stone penis. Slowly it ran down the mushroomed head and slid down the shaft. Touching the fluid she knew it was too thick to be water. Smelling it send a bolt of pleasure through her body which brought her to her knees. Looking up from this position a large drop of the fluid splashed her cheek. Shuddering with the pleasure pulsating from her pussy Angela stripped of her glove and wiped the droplets from her face. Again the effect was immediate; her orgasm was incredible leaving her a panting heap in front of the phallic idol.

Now laying on the floor Angela saw something very strange. Recessed under the base of the penis there was a perfectly sculptured vagina....oozing white liquid!

She had been wrong; here was the source of that tantalizing aroma. The scene of the fluid dripping from the stone pussy reminded her of her own experiences. She loved the feeling of cum flowing out of her after sex. Secretly it made her feel dominance that she had taken the man's seed and would only release it as she willed. Crawling towards the white droplet she lifted her head and took it on her tongue. Angela knew what cum tasted like, both a man's and a woman's. This was different; slightly salty but fresh...and intoxicating. Her hand pushed inside her jeans and found her clit. Rubbing it furiously she ran her tongue up the cock's shaft until it was covered with the aphrodisiac. She swallowed just as another orgasm crested.

Stripping out of her clothes Angela began to fondle the stone cock. Rubbing her pussy along the shaft her hands fondled the head. Amazingly, the stone reacted by becoming warmer and exuding a faint pink glow. The more she worked the penis the hotter it became and the more light it set off. Finally the head turned bright red and let forth several vollies of thick fluid. This covered Angela from head to toe in a waterfall. The sensation of the ejaculate washing over her triggered a third orgasm.

Lying in a pool at the base of the idol Angela saw that the "stone cum" had a life of its own. It enveloped her in a film and was trying to enter her body! She could feel cum seeping into her pussy and ass. It felt wonderful at first but then there were bursts of pain in these areas so intense that she passed out.

Waking nude, Angela quickly dressed and noted that there was now no fluid visible on the floor or the sculptured penis. What had happened here? All that remained from the encounter were the sensations in her body. These feelings were certainly not unpleasant; on the contrary she was becoming aroused again. She had to get out of this place before something even more strange happened.

Late that evening Angela arrived back at her hotel room where she immediately fell into a deep sleep. Twenty four hours later she awoke and felt a lump above her clitoris. She dismissed it thinking that she may have bruised herself during the encounter in the cavern.

A week later the lump had transformed into a skin collar. It reminded Angela of foreskin atop an uncircumcised penis. There was also an uncomfortable pressure in this area as well. Angela decided to see her doctor and good friend Shana. They had had a previous intimate relationship but Angela felt confident of Shana's professional discretion. She agreed to see Angela after hours and they scheduled to meet at her clinic that evening.

Even though the situation seemed unreal Angela was in a state of continuous arousal. Even her fragmented sleep since returning from Mexico had been filled with erotic dreams.

Sitting at her laptop in a short nightie Angela started checking out her favorite sex sites. One had a beautiful girl sitting in the dingy bathroom stall of a dance club. This girl turned to find a large stiff cock protruding from the wall beside her. As this porn actress began to stroke the penis Angela's own pussy started to become wet. Soon the girl in the video was licking the cock head and a large drop of precum formed which this slut promptly removed with a flick of her tongue. Moaning as she remembered the experience in the Mexican cave Angela's hand began to drop to her pussy. Before reaching her clit the fingers came in contact with the area where she had been transformed. Instead of the skin collar there was now a fleshy growth protruding from her body! The swollen head of this appendage was wet. She took this juice on her finger and sucked it greedily. It was fantastically sweet and made her pussy and the newly discovered growth twitch with pleasure. Looking down over her toned abdomen she watched this fleshy shaft begin to engorge reaching a dramatic length. Pulling the nightie over her head Angela's watched the girl on screen suck the stranger's cock. With one hand Angela rubbed and pussy while stroking the throbbing rod with the other.

The glory hole scene ended with the girl receiving a huge facial shot and licking the cock clean. Her organ continued to leak opaque liquid from the tip and suddenly swelled. Knowing she was about to cum Angela began to stroke it in quick tight movements using the liquid as lubricant. Within seconds her whole body spasmed as she came twice. Angela's pussy tightened around her fingers as white fluid jetted from cock....her cock! White cream splashed against her neck and ran down between her pert breasts. In all six huge blasts struck her body, bathing Angela in her own milk. 

Sitting limp and exhausted in her chair feeling totally spent the rod began to soften, still dripping liquid on her feet as gravity pulled it down. Like magic it retracted inside her body until only a small drop of fluid remained pooled at the opening. This oozed down the crack of her pussy and found its way inside her vagina leaving a trail of tingling nerves in its wake.

As Angela showered getting ready to meet Shana she noticed that the uncomfortable internal pressure had eased.