 This all started when awoke in wasteland apocalyptic looking location. It looks like it had been abandoned or a settlement briefly used. It wasn't trashy or that, but bare and set up in a specific fashion with shelving all around on one side of the warehouse, a chain linked fence dividing the room, and rows of bedding on the other. 

I'm not a man of large stature, I stand 5'10", weigh about 155 lbs., I ran cross-country and track, and I'm a college graduate. I travel all around the country and sometimes to different parts of the globe for work. 

I don't remember how I ended up here, and I don't know a way to get out or even where to go. Last thing I recall was that I was on a completely booked flight heading overseas to a third world country to introduce some medicinal substances to help fight common diseases that infiltrate villages and can cause death to those who aren't vaccinated. My final destination is Futan-Aria. A small remote location with vast knowledge but has been nearly demolished and run out do to Western Civilization. 

Anyways, the last thing I remember I sitting next to a 'voo-doo' woman who was sitting in the aisle seat as I was up again the window in the very humid plane ride. This air travel seemed to have no rules because I noticed that several individuals casually had guns wrapped around them, or knives at their waist, etc. This woman I assumed could sense my distress and asked the stewardess for two waters, she handed me one with her palm awkwardly holding the top of my glass as I noticed something fizzing in the glass as she handed it to me. I hadn't thought much of it and just assumed it was because it was so hot and the water probably wasn't properly filtrated. That's the last thing I remember. 

Next thing I knew, I was walking across this seemingly endless wear house. I continued to wander, but kept returning to the large open room divided by the chain-linked fence. As I wandered, it sounded like the metal rafters above were moving around with motion and excitement, and it sounded like women trying to stay quiet, but too entertained to realize how loud they were. 

At this point, a whistle blew, and a loud commotion started as mass amounts of naked women began to shuffle to the other side of the fence with the bedding; all except for one that is. Since I noticed her, she hasn't taken her eyes off me. I began to panic when I saw her shuffling through the rafters in a continued pursuit, but then dropped to my ass and my jaw dropped as well when light first shined on her and there was a massive member hanging between her legs. It had then dimensions of a horse cock and looked like one that belonged to a porn star. At that moment, my body froze, not with lust, but pure fear because I've read enough stories about how lustful and dominant dickgirls can be. 

As she took a moment to observe me, she did nothing but grin. At that point, I was fucked (and about to be it seemed as well.) She the dropped from the rafters right in front of me as stood up straight. From the angle I was at, I could see her face due to the horse cock hanging right in front of me, the tennis ball testicles at the beginning of the shaft, and as I looked up, a gorgeous set of tits to go with the hour glass figure. She then looked down at me, and it looked like a tribal Katy Perry. Long cascading black hair, nice perky tits, with the added meat stick that oddly completed the perfect woman? What was I thinking? My thoughts and emotions were flustered over the entire situation. I wasn't gay. I was single but interested in females and beautiful women. I had experimented in college with a buddy of mine but it didn't work. So I had in fact sucked a dick before, but it had been several years and I hadn't thought of it in ages, but all of a sudden, all those emotions started flooding back to me. 

I backed away without ever losing eye contact as the dickgirl approached me. Her eyes were full of lust, ready to attack. I decided to make a run for it as out of nowhere I glanced over and a door appeared. I jumped up and ran, in which he/she? Followed closely behind. My hunter wasn't gaining any ground, but also seemed to be exerting little energy, like she was almost playing a game. When I nearly reached the door, another dickgirl dropped from the rafters and was blocking my only exit. At that point, I knew there was no escaping. 

I, then, quickly turned around and was dropping to my knees as a sign of defeat when my hunter quickly approached. As I turned and dropped, she was right there. My nose was pressed up against her tennis balls full of cum. I could feel the heat against my skin. Her cock was resting on my head, and I knew there was no getting out of this one. My thoughts were that the only way I might have a chance to survive and possibly escape was to get on their good side. 

So I stuck out my tongue and began to lick the balls of this gorgeous predator of mine. Seeming startled by this due to the fact that she could see me below her perky tits and meat stick, she jumped back and looked me square in the eyes. A look a delight was shared between us. She leaned her waist back, with cock in hand, and brought the tip to my mouth. Knowing that I had no other choice, I accepted the tip with no fight. This brought back a flood of memories and began to think of what felt good. I began to massage my tongue along the shaft, and as she pushed more, I suppressed my gag reflex and accepted all of her length into my mouth and down my throat. Surprisingly I was able to breathe quite easily and without realizing it I began to enjoy the situation. 

From the gorgeous piece of prime meat in my mouth, to the perfected set of tits, to the sweet taste of precum that remained every time the cock left my throat. I unconsciously began fondling her balls in hopes of seeing what she could do. I assume she sensed this as she proceeded to stop what she was doing and remove her from my throat, and lead me though the chain linked fence onto one of the many rows of bedding. 

Something I didn't notice before was that there are others like me in here. With their 'mates' and did whatever was asked (sexually). Some were covered in cum; some had inflated and engorged stomachs from cum (presumably). There was an exit near the end of the room with an open door and no security whatsoever. It was almost like these men enjoyed being here, and I was starting to understand why. 

I joined my mate on the bed, and she proceeded to remove my pants and all other additional clothing. She motioned for me to lay flat on my back on the bed, which I did. She then got up on top and started to make out and fondle. This continued for a short while before she got up and moved down my body to my dick. A respectable size, but relatively small compared to the dicks here. Her breasts were gorgeous, her nipples engorged, hips swaying, and buttock jiggling, and pussy dripping. On her way down to my rock hard member, she stopped at about my ribcage, with good intentions. Her massive titties were now smothering my cock and disappeared into the valley of her cleavage. The feeling of ecstasy cascaded through my body as I was titty-fucking the most gorgeous "woman" I've ever layed eyes on. 

At this point, I was very confused. As great as this titty fuck felt, my eyes were darting between this dickgirl with her tits around my cock and the exit. I knew if I could just make it to the exit, I would be home free. My emotions were unstable but when an abrupt stop came to the tit fuck, she stood up looking to reposition. She went out of view for a second when I was about to make my move for the door when she put her cock at my lips and shoved in just as a 'drop' of precum made its way past my lips and into my mouth. Now when I say a 'drop', it was actually nearly a shot's worth of cum. 

There had to have been something in the water or whatever it is that they consume here because as soon as the precum touched my tastebuds, all thoughts, motions, and attempts to make an escape instantly disappeared. With the cock in my mouth, I quickly swallowed a shot of cum and proceeded to suck. And suck. And suck. I sucked for nearly an hour along with fondling her tennis ball sized balls with my hand. 

After a while, she crawled on top without ever letting her meatstick leave my mouth. In fact, as she crawled over me, it pushed further into me where it surpassed my gag reflex completely and down into my throat. As this was happening, she began to suck me off. Here I was, 69'ing this dickgirl with her massive cock shoved down my throat as I try to lick her balls and massage her cock with my throat muscles. 

I was in a trance, going through the motions, but loving every second of it. I loved the feeling of having my throat filled. It couldn't have gotten any better. But it did. Out of nowhere, her body began to spasm as a torrent of cum rushed down her cock and through my lips, exploding out the end and into my awaiting stomach. My throat expanded even more in an attempt to contain and handle the seemingly endless amounts of delicious cum. She pumped nearly a gallon worth of cum into my stomach. I proceeded to cum into her mouth at the same time she did just from pure ecstasy of the whole situation. 

When she finished pumping into me, she began to get up, dislodging her cock from my throat, in which I was kind of disappointed. The feeling of disappointment didn't last long. 

As I looked up, I saw her motion for a friend to come over and give her a "hand", or should I say give me something else. Dickgirl #1, who had previously erupted into my stomach, lined up behind me. Dickgirl #2 lined up and my mouth preparing herself. As I watched her swing her cock in front of my face, the other dickgirl decided to 'dive in' and shoved her massive piece of meat into my ass. I had a cock in my ass! I opened my mouth to not scream, but to moan in pleasure. As I was about to release my groan of pleasure, the dickgirl above my head saw this as a great opportunity to fill a void hole; which happened to be on my face. She dove in as my ass was being pounded. 

I began to erupt. I came into the air all over the three of us. Besides the immense release for me, it gave the dickgirls more energy and they picked up the pace as they simultaneously ass-fucked and face-fucked me. I was in pure shock, ecstasy, and pleasure. Here I was, a shishkabob on a table filled with nearly a gallon of cum and about to be filled with more. 

I was being rocked back and forth from the fucking I was taking from both ends. It was a bit more intense because as I rocked, the cum in my stomach from the first blowjob I gave filled me up and is sloshing around inside. The shishkabob fucking continued for a while, and I came at least two more times. By this time, I am covered in sweat and cum, my holes are sore, and my two dickgirls are sweating like dogs and moaning as if they were fingering themselves... Which they were. 

All of a sudden they both kicked it into overdrive and were rapidly sliding in and out of my holes. This sent me over the edge again sending cum into the air. All of a sudden at the same time, they pushed as deep as they could go and their cocks started to swell rapidly. I knew what was about to happen. They both started to cum inside me as the same time. I immediately became full of cum, and continued to produce more and more as my orgasm never subsided from this. My ass was tender, and full. I just had a cum enema. Luckily, there was a little less because she had just cum in me earlier. But the dickgirl in my mouth continued to pump and pump and pump. She was like a fire hose with no off switch. 

By the time she nearly stopped, I could barely sit up. At first from exhaustion, but then I realized I physically couldn't sit up because my stomach had so much cum in it that it had inflated. My gut looked huge. I let out a cum belch and taste some of the sweet and delicious nectar in my mouth. Oh how sweet it was. 

Here I was, sitting on the table, covered in my own product, cum leaking from my ass from the pounding I just took, and my stomach was engorged with cum that it had actually expanded past my waistline. It was oddly erotic. My dickgirl sucked me off once more upon seeing me get hard. I came down her throat. She then helped me get up, and I waddled myself behind her, leaving a trail of cum dribbling from the gapping hole in my ass from her cock, over to a bed in one of the rows. We proceeded to lie down next to each other. We made eye contact for the first time in hours. As I burped up more cum, she spoke out. "Hi. I'm Kate. You were something back there and took it like a champ."

"Well, I did enjoy just about all of it." I uttered back.

"I could tell," she giggled as she reached down and flicked my half erect penis. "I should probably tell you, you can leave at any point through that door, but I was so full, and you looked so cute, I needed you before you were gone." She opened up and told me. 

"Don't worry," I said, "I realized that a few hours ago. You don't have to worry about me leaving any time soon." She smiled and hugged me causing my cum swollen stomach to slosh. "It's not like I could make it far while I'm carrying around your cum baby inside me" I laughed as I rubbed my engorged gut with looking into her ever lustful eyes. 

"Give it time and your body with get all the nutrients you need from the product. This is all we eat. This is all we need to not only survive, but thrive." She said. 

I looked back at her with lustful eyes, knowing something had come over me. I could no longer think about anything that didn't involve Kate's cum, dick, or her inside me. The only thing that I could say to break the silence was "when's dinner?"

To be continued...