 Dakota's brow furrowed deeper and deeper with every step. Questions submerged her mind in a sea of doubt and worry. When did she go into the bathroom? Why? She had used it less than an hour ago during class, and she certainly didn't feel any new sense of relief now. Rather, she felt almost cheated of something. Students passed her in the hallway, but they went completely ignored even as they cowered or stared at her. A benefit of being Mary's friend for so long. Dakota ran a hand through her dark hair with a groan.

"Whatever," she decided and hastened her steps to find her friends.

They were in the cafeteria, sat around one of the central tables. The other students gave them a wide berth as traditional, with only the few fortunate enough to be considered underlings sitting within four feet of the group. Mary and the others were clearly in the middle of a story of some kind as Dakota stepped into the room, laughing and watching Mary - the storyteller - seemingly unaware and unconcerned about her lack of presence. The tan teen scowled in annoyance and marched over.

Dakota wasn't a meek girl by any means. Her father was ex-German military, though only a common foot soldier, and taught her to be repulsed by fear. It was for the weak, he said, not something he would stand for her to experience. And that line of thought had long since pervaded her mind for most of her life, leading through school and the initial hardships of puberty. Until she met Mary and Gretchen in her freshman year of high school.

"Hi guys!" Dakota loudly greeted them, settling down beside Ashley, who shimmied across the bench to make room.

"Hey, Dakota," Mary said with a dismissive glance in her direction, "So, there I was and this stud, and I do mean stud, walks up to me and starts flirting!"

"What'd you do?" Ashley inquired eagerly. Her experiences with men were lacking in comparison to the rest of the group, only having met a few outside of her family and dated even less. There were far more interesting things in life, such as clothes or jewellery or listening to Mary's exploits.

"Yeah, what'd you do?" Dakota echoed, glancing around brazenly to assert herself back into the group. Her gaze went unnoticed, however, as Mary continued on without so much as a glimpse in the half-German's direction.

"Well, I flirted back, obviously," Mary continued with a condescending eyeroll aimed at Ashley, "And he was like that," she snapped her fingers, "Under my spell. Seriously, I bet I could've gotten him to rob a bank if I said I'd flash my tits." Dakota laughed above the others.

"Worth every penny," Gretchen giggled and gave her friend a poke in the chest, feeling the mound depress only slightly under her finger.

"Fuck yeah," Mary agreed and hefted them in her hands, squeezing the mounds as she leaned forward to show her bountiful cleavage, "Though I'm thinking maybe a bit bigger? They're only a large DD right now."

"Hmm," Ashley studied Mary's chest intently, "I think you're better off as you are. Any bigger and you'll ruin your figure," she advised solemnly.

"Think so? Yeah, guess you're right," Mary assented with a curt nod. She trusted Ashley, not for her intellect or her appearance, but her eye for fashion. The girl's mother ran one of the largest fashion boutiques in the USA after all, and clearly that eye for style passed through the bloodline.

"I dunno. I think you could go up another cup size," Dakota offered as sincerely as she could.

"Don't be stupid," Mary snapped, fixing a glare on the tan half-German, "Didn't you hear Ashley? Last time I checked, you aren't a famous designer, Dakota..." Mary rolled her eyes with a condescending shake of her head and briefly trailed off, before launching back into her tale, as fi she hadn't been interrupted. 

"So, when I got him eating out of my hand, I figured 'fuck it'. I dragged into the toilets and oh my god!" Mary made a show of fanning herself, "He was fucking huge. I mean, I couldn't even fit my hand around it!"

"Oh, shit," Ashley gasped as she envisioned such a phallus. Mary's hands weren't particularly dainty for her size, only marginally smaller than Zoey's, who stood far above the blonde. 

"Yeah, it had to be, like, nine inches long or something. He was a monster!" 

Dakota bit back her response, recalling her own encumberment that morning in the library. It may have shrunk down, however the memory remained firmly locked in her mind. It must've been at least a foot, Dakota thought, almost melancholy for the lost giant she could've had.

"Did you fuck him?" Gretchen pressed, clearly growing interested in the story.

"Who the fuck wouldn't?!" Mary giggled, louder than necessary, and glanced at Dakota, who hunched her shoulders and lowered her chin.

"How was it?" Ashley clasped her hands together, eyes growing wide, as she rubbed her thick thighs together. Dakota glanced at her and immediately looked away at a strange swell of sensation in her crotch, however couldn't resist another glimpse of the rich girl. She couldn't be solely blamed for her weakness, though, as Ashley was easily the most well-endowed of the group - Dakota couldn't speak for the school, as she rarely spared a look for other students - with a pair of breasts larger than Mary's implants. She had shown them to the group on a dare once.

Dakota almost licked her lips at the memory. They had been so huge, resting on her lightly rounded belly with matching, plump nipples and areolae to cap them. Everyone had copped a feel that night. Dakota swore she could still feel their heavy weight and supple smoothness in her hands. She found her gaze affixed to the wealthy girl's bosom and tore her eyes away, blushing fiercely as a warmth blossomed in her groin. No, Dakota silently begged, don't get hard, don't get hard.

"So, then I started riding him. It was the only way I could get it all in me. And fuck! I swear I could, like, see him through me. Like I could fucking reach down and jerk him off," Mary extravagated with a bite of her juicy bottom lip. Her hands went to her breasts again.

"I, uh, I'm gonna get some food," Dakota weakly excused herself. Her father's teachings were completely forgotten as she stood, shoulders hunched and head low, and weaved through the throngs of student infested tables. She didn't see them so much as mechanically avoid them. How could Mary treat her like that? They'd been friends since freshman year, after all. Though it wasn't the first time, Dakota recalled. 

Mary had treated her like this before, ignoring her existence and, when she did acknowledge her presence, treated her as a lesser. The latter was far from unusual, as Mary seemed defined by her 'superiority' over others. No one was her equal. Not the teachers and certainly not any of her fellow students. Yet Dakota had never once felt so... excluded.

Her eyes widened and she came to an abrupt stop as she froze in abject horror; did they know about her dick?

"Shit!" Someone yelled as they crashed into her. Dakota numbly fell onto her rear, the 'attacker' doing the same with a pained groan that soon swiftly to frustration. The sounds of a plastic tray and ceramic plate crashing down and shattering soon followed, as did the splatter of whatever food had been on them. 

"Sorry," Dakota mumbled and clamoured up to her feet.

"The least you could do is help me up," the disgruntled student muttered, extending a hand to be assisted. Dakota acted on impulse and helped her up, unable to resist looking at her as she did so; it was Carmen, the honour student. In an instant, Dakota felt her mind split open in a titanic avalanche of thoughts and emotions, yet none of them were distinct enough for her to identify. Just a maelstrom swirling within her mind.

"Sorry about your, uh, food. And clothes. I could get you a new tray, if you'd like?" Dakota offered, feeling her face burn with an unwelcome warmth.

"No, it's fine. Ugh, this'll take forever to wash out," Carmen grumbled as she took in her Bolognaise stained sweater, from which several strands of pasta hung. She then looked up from her ruined garment and saw Dakota, "Oh, it's you."

"What?" Dakota frowned at the cold sensation that swept through her.

"Nothing," Carmen sighed, "See ya."

"Wait," Dakota lightly grabbed Carmen by the shoulder and recoiled at the sudden spark that shocked her, both figuratively and literally, "Um, at least let me help wash it out?"

"What's your plan?" Carmen inquired flatly, arching a suspicious eyebrow.

"No plan," Dakota quickly assured, raising her hands, "I just wanna help. That's all. Promise." Carmen's eyes thinned to mere slits, clearly unconvinced, before shrugging her slender shoulders and sighing.

"Whatever," Carmen said and turned to head to the restrooms. She paused and glanced behind her, finding that Dakota was following close behind. None of the other students paid them any mind, preoccupied with their own conversations and meals. Carmen sighed again, "Look, I appreciate the offer, but I really don't want your help."

Dakota opened her mouth to protest, but snapped it shut and nodded. Her eyes flitted about, before falling to the ground, away from Carmen's gaze. The half-German nodded and headed for the lunch que.

Carmen shook her head at the encounter, perplexed by Dakota's reaction. She might've thought Dakota was genuinely remorseful if she hadn't known better. That, or the tan girl had a serious crush on her. A chuckle vibrated in Carmen's chest at the idea as she entered the restroom. She turned a tap on high and grabbed as many paper towels as she could, dabbing at her ruined sweater to try and clear away the mess of pasta and sauce. Her mind wandered as she did so, considering whether the Futa Note could have other side effects.

It did say that she would become the subject of her 'victims' sexual desires. Was it really that immediate? Or did the notebook do something else to Dakota's psyche, possibly changing it to lust after women and she was only just beginning to realise it. Carmen leaned against the sink and studied herself in the mirror, frowning at the vaguely concerned look in her eye. There was no sense in worrying about someone like Dakota, or what the girl might feel toward her. Even if it was almost flattering.

Dakota watched Carmen exit the restroom from the lunch que. Her vision ignored all others present, even those who passed directly in front of her, fixed squarely on the honour student. There was something about her, Dakota thought, but she couldn't place her finger on exactly what it was.

Carmen wasn't stunning in any way. She was average at best, with a decent bust for her height, but was left wanting for curves due to her waist and hips. Her face was cute, though. Plump lips under a button nose and azure eyes, framed by her short, naturalistic hair. There was no makeup from what Dakota could discern. A shame, she thought, wondering just what Carmen would like with a little cosmetic assistance. Dakota started as she realised just what she was thinking and continued down the line.

Lunch came to an end with the usual shrill bell. Carmen groaned as she abandoned the last of her second attempt at a meal and made her way to class. She spotted Dakota along the way, trailing after Mary and the others. Though she looked out of place, somehow. Carmen's brow furrowed at the sight, but she pushed it to the back of her mind. She took her seat next to a window and pulled out her regular notebook, ignoring the Futa Note.

Others filed in reluctantly despite their boisterous chatter to claim their desks. Carmen ignored them all, favouring the view from the window overlooking the campus gates. The wind had picked up it seemed, as the forlorn tree's branches shook wildly and the blades of grass rippled. People walked by the gates dressed in thick, wool coats to be spared the chill. Carmen rested her cheek in her hand as she waited for the teacher.

She did her best to ignore her classmates. They were still talking obnoxiously loud, trying to hear one another over the blanket of noise their peers created. Carmen glanced around, spotting Dakota sat near the front of the class. She was clearly uncomfortable, looking around visibly to try and avert her gaze from directly ahead of her, where a girl was bent over a chair, idly talking to her friend without a care for those behind her. Carmen frowned; didn't they know it was Dakota behind them?

"Was she kicked out or something?" Carmen wondered under her breath, before turning her attention back to the outside world as a deep black shadow crossed over the courtyard. Her furrowed brow deepened further in confusion and glanced up to the sky, still covered in a sheet of greyish clouds, allowing only the faintest light to reach the world below. So how could something cast a shadow like that? She wondered again.

"Take your seats, take your seats!" The teacher called as she set down a stack of files. It was all for show in case the principal made an unannounced inspection, however, as she grabbed a single textbook - the same one that every student in attendance possessed - and began copying from it. 

Carmen nevertheless took careful notes, devoting half of her attention to the teacher and the rest to her own studies. She couldn't be careless, for fear that the instructor might take the time to reveal some additional information. Rare as such an instance might be. Something flitted by the window in her peripheral vision and drew her focus. Carmen turned her head around to look outside and saw a familiar black feather gliding down.

She glanced to the front to find the teacher's back was turned. Carmen knew few others would be looking forward, either joining her in study or doodling or playing on their phones. There was little chance of being caught for inattention. She opened the window slightly and reached for the feather, silently urging the wind to blow into her hand. In a near perfect coincidence, the feather brushed against her palm.

Carmen grasped it in her hand and quietly shut the window, returning to her normal position looking down at her desk. She laid the massive feather before her. It was impossibly huge, easily the length of her forearm, bigger than the last one. What sort of creature could possibly have such plumage? The shadow returned yet again. Carmen quickly brought her gaze outside to observe it, seeing an almost humanoid figure with two great appendages extending from it. But that's impossible, Carmen thought in shock and shook her head.

Her day had simply been weird and stressful. That was all. No such animal like that existed and humans can't fly without mechanical aid. She was certain of that much. Although, her mind contradicted, if something like the Futa Note could exist, then what created it. A deity? A witch? It seemed unlikely that it would be the result of scientific mishap.

Carmen couldn't help but reach into her bag and pull the book out. She flipped through its pages, searching for some form of hint at who, or what, owned it. Nothing but blank, lined paper greeted her questing gaze, except Dakota's lonely transformation, until she reached the rules. A defeated sigh slipped past her lips as she slid it back into her bag and returned her attention back to her studies.

The school day finally came to an end. Carmen exhaled in relief, glad that she had work that day as she packed up. Anything would be better than focusing on the Futa Note's perplexing origins. She joined the legion of footsteps exiting the building, breaking away at her first chance to make her way to work. Normalcy was exactly what she needed, Carmen thought, no strange magical books or unreadable teenagers to crowd her already encumbered mind. 

Soothe the Soul was on a slow day when she arrived. Carmen couldn't conceal her dismay at this, both for the lack of mental stimulus and how her tips would suffer. Only a few people sat at the coffee tables, idly sipping at drinks as they stared at their phones or laptops. A dejected sigh escaped Carmen's lips as she struggled not to lean forward on the counter.

"Here," Stacy handed Carmen a cup of coffee with an apologetic smile, "You look like your soul needs some soothing."

Carmen smiled, "Thanks, Stacy," she inhaled the enticing aroma and took a sip. Carmen was never one for coffee or tea, unable to find the right balance of sweetness and bitterness in either, yet Stacy brewed her the perfect cup almost every day. And who was she to say no to a free, hot beverage?

"I tried a little more cream and added a bit of a new herb. Is it any good?" Stacy inquired.

"Very," Carmen nodded, "I bet it'll sell great."

"Nope," Stacy disagreed, still wearing her grin, "Everyone else who tried it thought it was, pardon my French, 'fucking shit'."

"Well, they're not honour students with a bright future," Carmen huffed and took a long gulp.

"Thanks, Carmen. Head home for the day. Doesn't look like we'll be too busy."

"But..."

"I'll still pay you for it," Stacy added, "I've got extra cash after all."

"Oh?" Carmen arched a curious eyebrow.

"Yep," Stacy assented, "After I let Monica go, I've got a little extra. Until I hire someone new, that is."

"Good for you," Carmen meant it too. She hated to see Stacy be taken advantage of, particularly by those who weren't very tactful about it, and would've fired Monica a year ago if she had the power to do so.

"Thanks. Now off you go, before it gets dark."

Carmen didn't argue, knowing when not to look a gift horse in the mouth. The wind had settled to a soft breeze and the cold only had the barest hint of bite to it, no longer seeming to seek out every slight gap in Carmen's clothes. She glanced up at the sky, estimating that the sun wouldn't set for another hour if she was lucky, and headed to central park.

Few others were around that evening. Couples and home bound individuals were all that occupied the vast space aside from Carmen, who sat on a relatively dry bench to stare out at the vastness. The park could be seen as menacing or mysterious in the dim light, though both could be viewed as the same. Carmen didn't care for either notion, choosing instead to enjoy the visual of the sparsely covered trees and dew-covered grass.

"It's peaceful here," said an unfamiliar voice from behind her. Carmen started at the sound, but quickly calmed down.

"In the Winter, yeah. Everyone's out in the Summer though."

"Hmm, I see," the voice was strangely husky, deep and somehow seductive. Carmen felt her heartrate jump slightly as she wondered if this was a possible rapist, "But here you are."

"I don't mind the cold," Carmen said, hoping to better gauge who this person might be without seeing her, for she was certain that voice was female, "Well, I do. But the tranquillity is worth it."

"I agree. Sometimes silence is worth more than gold. Or even passion to some," the voice giggled, a soft, musical sound that, despite the tender notes, managed to retain its sexual undertone, "But I do wonder," the voice continued, "Why do you not simply try and create this 'tranquillity' as you put it? Surely you have the power to do so?"

"I'm not exactly rich," Carmen said, hoping that might sway the woman to leave her be.

"I'm not talking about wealth, girl. I'm talking about power. Perhaps one that you gained recently?" Carmen's eyes widened in shock. She jumped to her feet and turned around to face this eerily knowledgeable person.

"Who are... you?" Her voice failed her, falling to a mere squeak as she took in the staggering sight before her.

"I am Ryuka," the 'woman' introduced herself, standing to her full height and spreading her wings wide, "A Seikogami and the owner of that notebook in your bag," she said and pointed to Carmen's bag.

Carmen stepped away and nearly fell onto her ass. This was impossible. This woman was impossible. No one was that tall, nor that busty, or that thin, or that voluptuous or that beautiful or... Carmen realised she wasn't breathing and exhaled breathlessly. This 'Ryuka' was an impossibility.
