 Author's Note: This is a plot oriented chapter with no sex/masturbation and only a few mentions of sexual aspects.

*****

"So... what do you want to know?" Ryuka inquired, reclining in the air with gentle wingbeats. There were no air currents coming from her, despite the daunting wingspan. Her towering legs were crossed, pressing her eye-catching thighs together and allowing her show-stealing cock and balls to rest atop them. She had her arms folded behind her head to shamelessly present her immense, pristinely shaped breasts to the human beneath her. While said human glowered up at her.

"Everything," Carmen repeated, for what felt like the thousandth time that night, and pinched the bridge of her nose in frustration, "I want to know everything about Seikogami and the Futa Note. Or whatever you can tell me," Ryuka exaggerated a thoughtful pose, looking up and humming in annoying contemplation, "How long have you had the Futa Note?"

"All my existence," Ryuka answered with a tight grin. It would be far too simple a matter to just tell this human all that she wanted to know, and there was no doubt that doing so would ruin her curiosity. As soon as someone learns everything about a subject, be it about a person, god or location, they lose interest. And Ryuka wanted as much time with this human as possible. 

"How long have you existed?" Carmen asked with a hushed voice, cautious of waking Melody up.

"Millennia... maybe four or five?" Ryuka added, upon seeing the scowl darkening Carmen's otherwise pleasant features. Such a shame, the Seikogami thought. If she only let herself relax more. After such a long lifetime, Ryuka knew full well when a person couldn't let go of their tension and how it marred their appearance. She could see it in Carmen's shoulders, her back and her face. They were rigid. Only when she orgasmed earlier did Ryuka see a glimpse of what could be; a cute, scholar with a soft body. Albeit one lacking in curves, but charm and intellect can go far.

"Who's the oldest Seikogami?" Carmen continued.

Ryuka shrugged, "No one knows. I know Seikogami who have existed before me, but I've no idea for how long," she yawned. Travelling through worlds was exactly as it sounded; exhausting. "Can we wrap this up? Seikogami still get bored and tired, just like you humans."

"Alright... One more question," Carmen lowered her gaze to rest upon her bag, wherein the Futa Note resided, "Why is the Futa Note in my possession?"

"Because you picked it up," Ryuka replied with a snide chuckle, "Don't think I chose you, Carmen. I merely dropped the book. It could have ended up in anyone's hands. You just so happened to be the lucky recipient."

"So, there's no such thing as fate at work?"

"Well, there could be. My kind aren't exactly the authority on such matters. We reside over our domain and that's all."

"That domain being...?" Carmen urged, only receiving a withering glance in return, "Oh, right." She blushed as she recalled just what the Seikogami had done to her mere moments ago. Ryuka was a deity of sex, no doubt revered as a succubus in other cultures, though Carmen had heard nothing about Seikogami before. They were clearly unappreciated as far as gods went. And with good reason, Carmen added.

Ryuka yawned again and took on a foetal position, still hovering aloft in the air, then turned away from Carmen. It was just the first day, she told herself. Humans couldn't hold onto their morals forever, not with such temptation and power staring them in the face. They were weak, foolish, so easily swayed by mere words. Ryuka almost barked with laughter. How could her kind accept such a truth?

She had observed humanity for decades before this day. They were exactly as she had been taught, yet far more complicated. For all those naïve enough to be manipulated, another was stubborn or suspicious, or puppeteering the manipulation. Others would be quick to anger, then calm and soft spoken in an instant. Ryuka sighed and let herself float down to the floor. She reached out and pressed a hand against the wood, feeling its rough texture and cold temperament. Why was her world barren of such sensations? 

Carmen groaned and flopped back down onto her bed, tugging her ragged sheets up to her neck. She took one final glance at Melody and closed her eyes, willing her breathing to even out and her mind to empty. Sleep came with her practised method, blanketing her thoughts in darkness that gave way to all manner of visions. The mind's playground in a way. Letting all subconscious thoughts pervade her internal sight, playing before her either nonsensically or all too coherently.

"Fuck, that's cold!"

Carmen groaned angrily and rolled over, as if the added inch of distance would shield her from Ryuka's noise, to no effect. She sighed as the Seikogami grumbled unintelligibly, turning onto her back and sitting up with a long stretch. Her joints popped satisfyingly as she relaxed with a long exhale, then turned to Melody who was in the process of mimicking her sibling.

"Good morning," Carmen stifled a yawn.

"Good? It's freezing. Ugh, why can't the human world weather stay warm?" Ryuka grumbled and pantomimed warming her hands before a fire. Carmen glanced her way before ignoring the Seikogami, knowing full well that the deity didn't feel the chill or was highly resistant to it. 

"Morning, Carmen," Melody replied and hopped to her feet, her nightgown swaying with her chipper movement. She took the first turn in the bathroom as Carmen poured a glass of orange juice for each of them. Their mother was already at work, leaving her usual note of greeting and wishing them a good day. Carmen and her little sister sat together in their room, shovelling dry cereal into their mouths as they talked.

"You haven't talked about school lately," Carmen glanced to her sibling, urging her to pick up the conversation piece.

"It's fine," Melody looked away, down at her bowl.

"Are they bullying you again?" Carmen inquired and thinned her eyes, watching carefully. Both sisters had dealt with bullies before, though Carmen had stepped in for Melody when she picked her up from school one day. They were the same type of juvenile brats that had once tormented Carmen as a child, making it all the easier to scare them away. And possibly scar them, Carmen thought, recalling how she had explained what happens when the human body shuts down when fatally wounded. She hadn't made any attempt to veil the threat of her words either.

"No..." Melody mumbled.

"Melody..." Carmen cautioned.

"They aren't, promise. I just..." Melody blushed and caused Carmen's eyebrows to shoot up in understanding.

"Is it a boy?" She teased and poked her sibling playfully in the belly.

"K-kinda," Melody relented with a small giggle as Carmen found a ticklish spot.

"A girl?" Carmen kept her teasing tone, however she couldn't deny her worry. Children could be kind and cruel in equal measures, but the same couldn't be said for their family or teachers. The environment makes a child in most situations, whether they could be open or closed-minded.

"Stop!" Melody cried and slapped Carmen's hand away with a high-pitched laugh. The elder sibling pulled back with a smirk.

"Well, whatever it is. Talk to me if you need anything. Even Supergirl needs help sometimes," Carmen said with a wink.

"Okay... Thanks, Carmen," Melody returned her sister's expression as they resumed their breakfast. When they finished, Carmen washed their bowls and packed Melody's bag, while looking closely for hints at what was bothering her darling sibling. There was a notebook with 'Keep out!!' scrawled messily over the cover. As much as she hated it, Carmen knew she would have to look through it later. Better to be hated for a good deed then to regret her lack of action later.

"Have a good day," Carmen waved after her, closely watching Melody and those around her as the bus started toward her school.

"I'll never understand why you humans go to school. Wouldn't you learn just by being around your parents?"

"We learn the basics," Carmen indulged the Seikogami, "But stuff like mathematics, or how physics work, or why the sky is blue are all things we need to learn. A god of sex would have no need for that, I'd presume?" Carmen inquired as she stepped back into the apartment. She had at least half an hour before she had to leave, giving her time to converse with this shameful excuse for a god.

"Who knows? I've never seen a child Seikogami, and I don't remember being one," Ryuka shrugged and plopped down on Carmen's bed, which was far too small for the enormous deity.

"That makes it sound like your kind just pop into existence. Asexual reproduction?" Carmen snickered, "Weird considering what you're supposed to be."

"You say that like you still don't believe I'm a Seikogami," Ryuka stared at Carmen, who went about her room to make sure everything was in order. She made Melody's bed, readied her clothes for the washer, even organised her pens and pencils.

"I still don't really know what a Seikogami is. For all I know that book was covered in a weird hallucinogen and this is all just a drug trip," Carmen knew that she wasn't imagining this. It would be one thing if she had woken up and Ryuka was gone, but the ridiculously proportioned creature seemed incapable of masking her presence for long. Or another if she felt sick or saw other insanities aside from Ryuka, "And you're not telling me anything either."

"All you have to do is ask. I'm an open book," Ryuka spread her wings wide, framing her ludicrous figure.

"Yeah right," Carmen grumbled, but sighed, "Alright... Why does a Seikogami need a Futa Note?"

"For the same reason a human might. It sustains us," Ryuka answered.

"Then why haven't we heard about your kind?"

"It's called being secretive, Carmen," Ryuka rolled her eyes, "Despite what you might assume, Seikogami are quite private. We lure you humans to where you'll never be found, then transport you to our world."

"So that's where the Siren myth comes from," Carmen mumbled, briefly pausing her line of questions. How many disappearances could be explained as Seikogami meddling? A great many, she would wager, "How many of you are there?" She launched back into her queries. Ryuka hesitated and cupped her chin in her hand, then shrugged.

"I've no idea. Possibly hundreds. It's hard to pay attention to numbers when we're together," Ryuka explained, shooting a teasing wink at the human, who blushed and turned away. Nothing better than a conservative human, she thought. They blushed over the slightest hint of flirting, let alone being in the presence of human lust personified.

"You kidnap hundreds of humans at a time?" Carmen returned to the matter at hand, keeping herself preoccupied to avoid staring at the lustful visage. Her eyes betrayed her time after time, however, and frequently stole glimpses of Ryuka's perfectly huge breasts. Would they ever lose their lustre? They must, Carmen thought, despite feeling less than confident in that statement. 

"That wouldn't exactly be secretive. No, we only need a few every hundred years or so. We're not like succubae from your legends," Ryuka enlightened the mortal girl, watching as she took in all the information with vigour, seemingly hanging on every word. She hadn't seen many humans so hungry for knowledge, particularly one so young. 

"Then..." Carmen, again, tore her eyes away from her godly companion and glanced at her clock, "Shit! I'm gonna be late!" She rapidly packed her bag, slung it over her shoulder, then raced from the apartment, pausing only to lock the door. It was a near useless gesture, since she was certain Melody could knock it down with a weak kick. Carmen darted down the street, feet stomping on the concrete, while Ryuka flew with silent ease beside her.

Carmen panted heavily as she took her seat. The bell for first period rang just minutes after she oriented herself, allowing her to breathe in relief. Even one day of tardiness could make the difference between a scholarship and a life tormented by student loans, not that either would stop her in the long run. Nothing short of a meteorite could do that. Or perhaps a nuisance god, she thought and glared at Ryuka. The Seikogami stood beside Carmen's desk, ignoring her to take in the room.

There was no mistaking why Seikogami didn't have schools. To gather so many into such a confined space would lead to a storm of pure sexual debauchery. No one would pay even the slightest attention. Even the teacher wouldn't be able to focus, whether they were human or Seikogami. The room wouldn't survive either, Ryuka noted and unconsciously patted her balls, feeling them churn with her pent-up cum. She could drown this classroom if she wished to.

And, after an hour passed, figured she just might, "So boring," Ryuka groaned, leaning forward to obscure Carmen's notes and pouting like a petulant child. The human continued to write despite her unwelcome companion's disruption, eyes fixated upon the pages that she rapidly filled with her notes, "You know, you could be writing names in the Futa Note right now," Ryuka reminded her, smirking as Carmen jolted slightly.

"No," Carmen firmly denied, yet couldn't help but glance at her bag. She could see the Futa Note, the black spine plain against her sky-blue bag and the vibrant colours of her textbooks, almost as if it were daring her to use it again. Should have hidden it, she reprimanded herself and vowed to do so later that day. Ryuka's smile sank and her lips returned to their childish pout.

"Come on. Just once? Use it on that teacher. Anything's better than this boredom," Ryuka whined, turning to face the board and seeing only scribbles of nonsense. Why would anyone willingly submit themselves to this? She looked about the room again and noticed how few people were paying attention to the front. One in particular caught her eye. She was staring at her, though Ryuka knew it was impossible for her do so. Meaning she was staring at Carmen. The Seikogami turned her crimson gaze on Carmen and chuckled knowingly. 

Carmen ignored the sound and focused on her studies. Whether she had a notebook of unfathomable power or not didn't change her plans, nor did the fact that an obnoxious god accompanied her. Ryuka continued to labour over the lack of excitement.

"Perhaps I should spice things up myself?" Ryuka cackled ominously and exhaled. Carmen frowned at her, before feeling a sudden heat surge within her core. It wasn't nearly as potent as yesterday, however, much to her relief. The warmth still persisted in distracting her, tugging on her attention span. She inhaled slowly, letting it out in a soft breath, and tuned Ryuka out as best she could. Carmen noticed, in her vision's periphery, the Seikogami's expression had turned sour. She couldn't help the rush of pride she felt at that.

Once the lunch bell rang, Carmen quickly made her way to the cafeteria. Ryuka followed, exaggerating her feelings towards being freed from the classroom, though she was clearly still unhappy that she had seemingly lost her influence over Carmen. In an unprecedented amount of time at that.

"Why didn't your 'aura' work on me?" Carmen asked once she'd sat down to eat. The cafeteria was packed and loud, meaning no one would hear her seemingly talking to herself. She already knew that no one else could see or hear Ryuka, no doubt part of her kind's 'secretive' nature, after Melody hadn't reacted in the slightest to the Seikogami's presence. 

"You got used to it," Ryuka answered sullenly, reclining on the table with her arms and legs sprawled out around her. She stared up at the ceiling, ignoring the cheap mockery of sunlight that beamed down at her. If nothing else, the human world was varied. First the park, so void of life and peaceful, then Carmen's home, dilapidated and unwelcoming, to this apparent institute for learning. It was a far cry from the 'unity' that her world exhibited. 

"Thank god," Carmen sighed and tried to keep her eyes on her meal, another attempt at spaghetti bolognaise. She wouldn't deny that it tasted awful compared to what her mother had once cooked at home, but the lunches were free and they were at least nutritional. And it provided her an escape from looking at Ryuka's gorgeous form, though her eyes glanced to and fro incessantly.

"Don't. It's annoying," Ryuka groaned and turned away.

"So, why'd you drop the Futa Note in my world, anyway?" Carmen inquired, taking a long drink from her water. The question had been on her mind since yesterday, yet she had neglected to ask it after Ryuka claimed to need sleep.

"Boredom," Ryuka answered simply, without sparing a glance in Carmen's direction. 

"So you thought dropping your notebook of near omnipotence into the human world would alleviate your boredom?" Carmen asked, incredulously.

"You think there's something more?" Ryuka questioned in return, turning her head to fix her blood-red eyes on the human, "That I have some form of master plan?"

"It'd be more believable than you simply being bored," Carmen muttered.

"All I want is to be amused. And so far," Ryuka added with a disdained sigh, "The most interesting thing to happen was making you finger yourself. And I can't even do that now," she lamented. After the last night, she had been looking forward to toying with Carmen, possibly stripping away her prudish shell. Now it was a nigh-insurmountable challenge. Especially as this human seemed so strong willed. 

"Why not leave? I'd bet there's a lot more interesting people than me," Carmen offered, already weary of the god's attitude. 

"I can't. A Seikogami must remain with their Futa Note, even if it's ownership has changed. You're stuck with me and vice versa."

"Joy," Carmen grumbled and finished her lunch, then headed off to the computer lab. She wasn't keen on speaking with Ryuka, or paying attention to the Seikogami at all if possible, however her curiosity wouldn't be denied. There was also the possibility that she could break whatever bound Ryuka to her. The name 'Seikogami' sounded Japanese, so there must be a charm or ritual of sorts to dispel such a presence. Anything. Just a way to keep herself from seeing or hearing Ryuka would suffice. Then Carmen could hide the Futa Note and forget this ever happened.

Carmen made her way to the back of the room, away from any potentially prying eyes. The last thing she needed was for rumours to mar her reputation. She typed 'Seikogami' into Google and excitedly hit enter. It was the internet, there would have to be mentions of these things somewhere. If not a way to remove them, then a way to understand them. Perhaps control one?

'Did you mean 'Shinigami'?' was all that appeared before her. No search results, just that correction. Carmen sighed dejectedly and instead typed 'Futa Note'. That got far more results, though it seemed limited to fanfiction of something called 'Death Note'. Was there really no information on Seikogami? Ryuka cackled nearby, reading her expression. Carmen groaned and tried a different, broader approach.

"Japanese folklore gods of sex'

A small grin of victory tilted her lips as she scanned through the millions of results. Her expression soon dwindled to a bemoaned grimace, as all the results seemed to have nothing to do with Seikogami. Ryuka had said they were secretive. In that case, Carmen thought and began searching for similarities between Seikogami and other myths. Succubae were the most prominent. Various cultures defined other features of the god that hovered beside Carmen. But no mention of how to control or remove them. None with merit at least. Still, it was a start.

She moved to images and, after sifting through the less 'wholesome' pictures, found one that caught her eye. It looked like an old photograph, depicting a man and a woman, though the woman could barely be called such as her dress bulged obscenely at the crotch. Carmen could almost believe that the woman had smuggled bowling balls in her underwear. There was no mistaking her chest, though. Breasts easily bigger than the man's head stood proud at eye level with him.
