 Carmen frowned as she brushed her hair. It was longer than it should be since her haircut a few weeks ago, brushing against her shoulders, and darker too, as if it were still damp from last night's bath. She shrugged it off, concluding that puberty was to blame, and finished readying herself for the day. A part of her looked forward to returning to school for more than just resuming her education. Dakota would be there. Her first friend since high school began.

The honour student glanced down at her desk. It was a mess, with a mix of hers and Melody's possessions and work scattered about in piles. They kept to their sides, that being their only attempt at organisation. Just below the surface, in one of the few intact drawers, rested the Futa Note. Melody knew not to pry, despite her persistent curiosity, yet Carmen feared the day that the book was discovered. How could she even explain something like that?

Carmen shook the thoughts off and turned her attention to her sister's bed. Little had changed over the Christmas holiday. Melody's side of the room sported some of the few festivities their family had left, wreaths of tinsel and plastic snowmen brightened the otherwise dank area. A 'new' teddy bear laid atop the thin covers. It was missing one eye and had several patches of haphazard stitches to keep its lumpy stuffing inside. Despite that, Melody was overjoyed when she got the present.

Carmen smiled in recollection. Near enough all her earnings went toward future tuition fees, while the rest assisted her mother in keeping their dilapidated roof and putting half decent food on the table. There was barely enough to celebrate such occasions as Christmas or Melody's birthday. But it was worthwhile just to see her little sister's face light up, which, in turn, brightened their mother's.

"Shouldn't you hurry up? You'll be late... unless you want to have some fun?" Ryuka teased, almost seeming to condense into existence behind Carmen, and pressed her ludicrous breasts into her back. The sex god giggled at the obvious shudder of resistance that passed through the human.

"Stop that," Carmen muttered, though she had to strain to say the words. This creature had become both an object of her lust and a severe nuisance to her. Ryuka's body was something no human would ever match, no matter how many insane surgeries they had, particularly her cock. If not for that egregious aspect, Carmen wondered if she could even resist the Seikogami's constant flirting, or if she'd even want to. Ryuka was, in a sense, the epitome of every perverted myth in human history.

"Ugh," Ryuka groaned and rolled onto her back, hovering in mid-air, while her breasts jiggled with the momentum, "You never wanna have fun."

"I do," Carmen defended herself, working to fasten her bra, "But after I can afford to. If we're still together after I'm rich and powerful, we can have all the fun you want."

"Oh?" Ryuka peeped, tilting her head to peer down at the human, "And when will that be?"

"Anywhere from a year to never," Carmen snickered, then grunted as she strained to hook her bra, "Great. Must've shrunk." She sighed and tossed it aside, then tried another one, but to the same results.

"That's just cruel," Ryuka pouted.

"That's life," Carmen retorted, growing frustrated that her meagre selection of brasseries all seemed to have shrunk, "You're kidding me?" She groaned and let the last one fall in defeat. Going braless wouldn't be that noticeable under her sweater, especially with her small bust and nipples. Ryuka chuckled softly at her dilemma.

Dakota stood by the school gates with her hands clasped together for warmth and comfort. She hadn't seen Carmen since the holidays began, though that had done nothing to dilate the feelings she had towards her. If anything, the separation made them stronger. The young half-German was hard pressed to recall a day in the past month that she hadn't masturbated. A tight smile teased her lips at the memories, as did a flush of warmth in her cock.

She was used to it now. After the initial shock and sudden awakening to the fact that she was gay, Dakota found she liked having her dick. It was a whole new world of sensations for her to experience. Her jeans grew tight when her member swelled slightly. She quickly tensed and turned her thoughts away from her masturbation marathon. Though it had felt amazing when she jerked off and fingered herself at the same time. Dakota realised she was in an uphill battle and started toward the restroom.

"Guten tag, mein dyke!" A voice called that otherwise sounded friendly and teasing. It was cold to Dakota, however, enough that even the wind seemed to soften at its appearance. She looked around and saw Mary, accompanied by her apostles as usual, walking in her direction with a faux smile plastered to her face.

"Waiting for your girlfriend, eh, Dyke-kota?" Mary mocked, giggling at what she must've thought was clever word play. The others all laughed, though only Gretchen seemed to understand the sheer genius of her words. 

"She's not my girlfriend," Dakota answered, but immediately realised her mistake.

"Aw, did you two break up? Maybe she realised that a two-faced bitch like you," Mary poked her long-nailed finger into Dakota's shoulder, pushing her point home, "Will always be a fucking cunt."

"Shut up!" Dakota shouted and pushed her away. For a moment, elation coursed through her veins. She had wanted to do that for years, usually with a slap or punch, but this would suffice. Then she caught the baleful glares aimed at her, along with a pitiful glance from Zoey.

"You know something, Dakota?" Mary said her name like a cobra would spit venom, "I think you could use a makeover."

Dakota made no attempt at bravado. She sprinted away, the small army hot on her tracks. It was futile, though, as Zoey quickly overtook and blocked her path. Mary came up behind her and laid a hand on her shoulder, though it felt like death's clutches with the malice that oozed from her skin. There was nothing she could do. Fighting back might work for a brief time, but that would only escalate things. Dakota hung her head and resigned herself to her fate.

"Well, girls?" Mary ran a nail along her former ally's neck, "Let's make sure everyone understands Dakota. We wouldn't want a man hitting on the little lesbo, now would we?"

Carmen walked briskly down the sidewalk. Her breaths came in misty clouds that dissipated as she strode into them, as if parted by her presence. She would pretend that she was a queen and the fog were her subjects as a child. It always made her dad smile, especially when she tried to look regal. Now, she was just another person as last night's snowfall crunched underfoot.

She stepped up the pace after glancing at her cracked watch. It wouldn't do to be tardy on the first day back. Carmen weaved through the early morning commuters gracefully, drawing on the experience of doing so since she was in middle-school, and maintained her impatient tempo. The cold air nipped at her skin and the breeze tugged on her hood, trying to steal her defences. It eventually faltered and left her alone.

A vibration in her breast pocket made her pause for a moment. She pulled out her sorely outdated phone and saw a message from Dakota; 'meet me in the bathrooms, please?' Carmen replied and hastened her pace. Dakota didn't just make requests like that, usually just stating what she wanted to do, then adding a question mark a moment later. Something was probably wrong.

Less than a month. That's how long she had known Dakota, but the girl had grown on Carmen in that time. She was nervously excitable, always uncertain of what she should do, but persistently acted like she was overjoyed by it. And Carmen enjoyed that aspect of her. It was different to Melody, a breath of fresh air so to speak. Not to mention that Dakota was a hopeless flirt.

It was flattering and annoying in equal measures. Carmen would be a liar if she said that she didn't enjoy the compliments, but they got in the way when she was trying to focus. At random, Dakota would either creep up behind her or send her a text, often praising Carmen in some way. She was almost as bad as Ryuka. She would have been, if not for the sex goddess's inherent advantages.

Though Carmen had to wonder if Dakota's infatuation with her was due to the Futa Note. It had said that the owner becomes the desire of those transformed by it, but Dakota seemed fine with their platonic relationship, aside from the persistent flirtation. Carmen frowned to herself, unable to quell the sense that this new friendship was brought on solely by the notebook. If that was the case, then she had practically taken Dakota against her will.

"That's a pretty intense face you've got there," Ryuka noted, leaning around Carmen to peer at her thoughtful expression, "Don't tell me you're still trying to figure out the Futa Note?"

"Everything has an explanation," Carmen stated, barely glancing at the Seikogami, as she stepped onto the school campus. She had learned it was better to try and placate the goddess, otherwise she would complain and whine like a small dog. Only it was worse, because Ryuka's version of whining was to tease Carmen with her outrageous curves. Studying became impossible at those stages, for disregarding the Seikogami could only do so much for so long. The student blushed slightly at the memory of how she would masturbate after those occasions.

"Dakota?" Carmen called when she marched into the girl's bathroom. There was no sense in worrying about why she and Dakota were friends now. The past couldn't be changed. If it could then Carmen had a clear idea of what she would do.

"I-in here," Dakota answered meekly, tapping on the furthest stall door, then opened it slightly.

"What's wrong?" Carmen inquired as she entered. A glimpse of Dakota answered her question immediately, and gave rise to another, "What the hell happened?" 

Dakota's shirt was torn, made to expose her shoulders and belly, on both of which crude letters and drawings marred her skin. They depicted her new sexuality in the worst way possible, with arrows pointing to her breasts and crotch, asking for girls to use them as they wished. Her hair was a mess and her makeup resembled a toddler's handiwork. She still had her skirt on, but it was ripped in half, almost exposing her cock-stuffed panties, while her leggings had massive holes in them.

"Mary," Dakota stated, smiling wanly up at Carmen, "I pushed her and..."

"That fucking bitch," Carmen growled, "Hold on, I'll be right back." She went and grabbed a handful of paper towels and wetted them, then returned to clean off the filthy words. A line even said, 'suck my tits and I'll pay you'. In almost any other situation, Carmen would struggle not to stare at Dakota. Especially her cleavage. Unlike Ryuka, Dakota's breasts were the perfect size to be cupped.

"Thanks," Dakota said, unable to think of anything more.

"No problem," Carmen assured her, cleaning away the last obscenity, "They didn't see your, um..." Dakota shook her head, "Well, that's a bit of relief, at least."

"Yeah," Dakota nodded with a terse grin, "I'll have to go home and change, though."

"How far away do you live?" Carmen inquired, both curious and worried about how long Dakota would have to walk around like that.

"I normally get a ride from my mom, but she's at work. So is Dad."

"My place isn't that far. A couple of minutes by bus." Carmen offered without thought.

"I-I couldn't," Dakota laughed, trying to brush it aside, "Well, I could, but wouldn't it be a bit awkward for you?"

"No more awkward than the time you showed me your dick," Carmen pointed out.

"Guess so," Dakota assented with an appreciative smile.

"Come on," Carmen said, lifting the futanari to her feet, "I'm sure I'll have something that can fit you."

"Won't you be late for class?" Dakota fretted, knowing very well that Carmen didn't want anything to mar her perfect record.

"Shit," Carmen cursed, then glanced at her watch. There was only two minutes until class started.

"You know," Ryuka's voice appeared in Carmen's ear, deeply seductive, more so than normal, "If you used the Futa Note, you could probably give yourself the means to get there and back in no time. Its full powers are a mystery, after all." She was right, though the notebook was at home. Carmen shifted her weight slightly and swore her bag felt heavier than it should have. She glanced at the Seikogami, who merely smiled in return.

"Dakota," Carmen began, sliding her bag down, "Close your eyes, please?"

"Okay... but why?" Dakota asked, despite already shutting her eyes.

"Uh, just because..." Carmen unzipped her bag and peered inside, instantly spying the notebook. She could rewrite Dakota's entry and make her incredibly fast. Or was the Futa Note incapable of that? Could it just materialise clothing? Its abilities are a complete enigma. All she knew was that it could turn someone into a futanari, but that didn't require bending the laws of reality, just biology. To do what was needed here would require supernatural logic.

"I'm a Seikogami. A goddess of sex and lust," Ryuka reminded her, as if peering into Carmen's thoughts through eye contact alone, "The laws of your world mean nothing to me, nor to the book."

Carmen glanced at Dakota then back to the notebook. If she used it, then she'd be giving Ryuka exactly what she wanted. Even if it wasn't a massive change or even one that would be permanent, Carmen knew that the Seikogami wanted her to simply use it. The more she did, the more accustomed she'd become to it. And using that level of power would certainly be addictive. Yet, if she didn't, then she'd have to either mar her school record or abandon Dakota to go outside alone. Neither scenario sat well with her.

The only other solution was to trade clothes with Dakota. Their bodies were similar enough that it might work, however that posed a risk for Carmen's record. Stealing someone's clothes wouldn't work either. Anything that would endanger Carmen's future was out of the question, and putting Dakota in a situation where the school could discover her secret suffered the same problem. Mary wouldn't leave her alone if it was revealed.

"Here."

Carmen turned at the hushed voice, then saw a hand push a pile of clothes toward her. She crouched and tried to get a look at the person, but only saw a set of trainers as they left. The honour student frowned at the pile and picked them up, then looked to Dakota. They'd likely fit her.

"Uh, you can open your eyes now," Carmen said.

"Okay. What was that about?" Dakota asked, shooting a disappointed look at Carmen.

"N-nothing. Someone left these," Carmen said and presented the clothes, drawing the attention away from her unusual request.

"Who?" Dakota asked, lifting the top for inspection. It was a gym shirt, but one that would fit her.

"No idea," Carmen shrugged, relieved that the attention was off her, "Will it fit?"

"Let's find out," Dakota said and stood up, then pulled off the remains of her top. Her torso was almost wholly bared now, only her bra remained to cover her breasts. She was proud of her body, exercising frequently to maintain it, but not enough to lose any softness. Carmen turned away to give her privacy. A mischievous grin spread across Dakota's face as she stealthily unhooked her bra and rustled the shirt, making it sound like she had gotten dressed, "How do I look?" She folded her arms under her breasts to make them stand out further.

Carmen circled around to face her. A fierce blush burned her cheeks as her eyes took in the view before her. Some of the water from the paper towels lingered on Dakota's skin, casting a sheen on her tanned skin. There were no tan-lines on her front, though her nipples remained a dusty pink colour. Her breasts curved out from her chest in a nigh-perfect teardrop shape. A confident smirk bolstered the view.

"You like?" Dakota beamed, feeling a rush of warmth flow down through her body, settling into her crotch. Her words seemed to break the hypnotic hold her breasts held. Carmen turned back around.

"Yeah," she affirmed, just loud enough for Dakota to hear. The tanned teenager smiled to herself and dressed properly.

"Okay, done."

"You sure?" Carmen questioned cautiously. It took a lot for her to look away last time, to prevent herself from ogling at Dakota's tempting figure. She rotated her head and glanced toward the other occupant, then fully turned to face her. The shirt was tight and somehow accentuated Dakota's curves, while her replacement skirt now concealed most of her upper thigh. Her jacket hadn't been damaged, merely discarded.

"Think it'll do?" Dakota pulled on her coat and adjusted her shirt, trying to loosen it slightly.

"Yeah," Carmen nodded, "We should go. Class is gonna start soon." The bell rang as if on cue.

"I hate that sound," Ryuka grumbled, earning a distasteful eye from Carmen.

Classes resumed like they hadn't stopped for a second. Very few paid attention in favour of discussing their holidays, where they went, what they got for Christmas, or just trying to avoid working at all. Carmen noted down everything she thought was important, though her mind was distracted. Ryuka snored obnoxiously loud beside her, but that wasn't the issue.

Carmen fixed her gaze out from the window. The sun was blotted out by grey clouds, dimming the daylight, while small gusts of wind whispered through the sparse trees spread across the campus grounds, their naked branches rustling together. It was a sight she had seen dozens of times before. While it changed with the seasons, the same view was almost always there. She enjoyed the scenery, though, no matter how bright or dull it was. It was consistent.

Yet Carmen's thoughts lingered with the Futa Note rather than the world outside. What could it do? That was the one question that she wanted answered more than anything, however Ryuka seemed as unaware of its capabilities as Carmen. Or was she trying to lure her into using it? Carmen tightened her jaw and tapped her pen. There were too many unknowns, far more than she would ever like.

However, to unveil those unknowns would require using it. She knew Ryuka wanted that, but for what? Carmen lowered her eyes to her bag, spotting the black front of the Futa Note within it. Her thoughts flitted back to when she first used it, reminding her about the prospects of what the book could do. She refocused her gaze on the teacher at the front.

Life isn't supposed to be easy, Carmen told herself. Taking the simplest route would inevitably lead to suffering, if several villain origin stories were to be believed, and she wasn't a cheater. That's what the Futa Note would turn her into, she determined. Having something that could control others was just the ultimate version of a cheat sheet. 

Melody would hate her if she became someone who'd use something like that. As would their mom. Dad, too, Carmen thought and adhered her attention to her notes. It would take a lot to make her willpower crack, more than simple temptation. She glanced at Dakota, who sat on the opposite side of the room and was one of the few actively taking notes. Carmen smiled softly to herself, glad that Dakota was willing to study now. The Futa Note had done some good, but it was best not to tempt fate.

"At this rate, I'll jinx it," Carmen laughed quietly to herself. She, then, briefly pondered the idea of whether her thoughts could influence the outcomes of the world around her. Her internal musings quieted, however, when the lesson ended. There wasn't a point in contemplating what she couldn't hope to control, Carmen decided.

"How do you do it?" Dakota grumbled on the way to their next class. Students filed around them, falling back into the motions of school life as if Christmas hadn't happened. Their chatter and footsteps echoed off the walls, drowning out one another's conversations.
