 Tuesday and Wednesday soon passed. Two days since Carmen wrote Mary's name in the book and transformed her, entirely out of a desire for revenge. A desire that was left unsated. Mary hadn't changed in the slightest, not in any way that Carmen could discern. She remained as narcissistic and hateful as ever, tormenting anyone and everyone who crossed her path. Only Carmen was aware of anything new.

The honour student repressed a groan of frustration. She stared at Mary from across the field, the fake blonde laughing loudly with her covenant of sycophants. Her legs were crossed and angled away from the eyes of the runners. Carmen sat on the side-lines with Dakota, waiting for their turn. PE was one of the few classes that Carmen dreaded, and it was only made worse by her confusion at Mary's resolute demeanour.

"Impressive," Ryuka chuckled from behind the fixated student, "Who'd have thought someone like her would be so mentally strong. Or perhaps she's that dumb?"

My thoughts exactly, Carmen growled in her head. Since the transformation, Mary had harassed Dakota several times, and even sent her lackey, Gretchen, to torment Carmen. The fact that she wouldn't do so personally somehow made it worse. She curled her lip in disdain as the group roared with laughter.

"We're up," Dakota chirped, hopping to her feet and adjusting her shorts to keep her cock from showing.

"Yeah," Carmen grumbled, already able to feel the ache in her legs. It was only in her mind, she knew, however the inevitable burn remained lodged in her thoughts.

"Wanna fake an injury?" Dakota offered, even as she stretched with an eager smirk.

"No, it's fine," Carmen quickly answered, refusing to miss a class, even if it was akin to torture for the studious teen. Or deprive Dakota of one of her few outlets, "I'm just gonna need a foot massage after this."

"My mom says mine are to die for," Dakota grinned, wriggling her eyebrows.

"They'd better be," Carmen smiled back. She adopted the standard sprint pose, mimicking Dakota and raising her ass into the air, "Enjoying the view?" She asked dryly, catching Dakota's gaze on her rear.

"Think of this as payment for the foot rub."

"Fine," Carmen sighed. She glanced at the bleachers and frowned, certain that Mary's head was turned in her direction with a mystified expression, something Carmen couldn't recall ever witnessing. The bitch always made herself out to be omniscient, and when that was proven false covered it through a skilled change of subject. It was a change from the usual demeaning smirk, yet still as infuriating.

"Why not go further?" Ryuka whispered in her ear, following closely as Carmen set down the track, working her legs uncomfortably fast, "She deserves it, does she not?" Carmen tightened her jaw and swallowed back her response. Her silence only prompted Ryuka to continue.

"A tiny cock and no underwear hardly seems noticeable," the Seikogami mused, reclining in the air as she flew alongside the student, full lips tilted in a knowing grin, "Imagine forcing her to hide a real monster. One little naughty thought and everyone would know. Presuming the bulge doesn't give her away."

"I'm busy," Carmen grunted, breathless despite only reaching the halfway mark. Her skin glistened with sweat, causing her gym clothes to cling tight to her body, emphasising her mediocre curves. Ahead of her, Dakota seemed perfectly at peace with her brisk pace, as if she were lightly jogging. The honour student's eyes drifted of their own accord, adhering her gaze to the half-German's pert ass.

"Yes, staring at her ass," Ryuka nodded in approval, "It could be better, but not bad for a human. Although, I wonder how that Mary girl's looks naked."

"It's fake," Carmen panted, sharpening her scowl to chase away the visage.

"Which makes it no less enticing," Ryuka stated, almost sounding wise.

"What's your point?" Carmen huffed, legs burning just as she had predicted they would. The last thing she wanted was this conversation.

"No point. Just a statement. Besides," Ryuka's breasts brushed against Carmen's arm, their plushness squishing against her solid form, "I can smell your frustration with her. How will you be able to focus on your 'studying' with those thoughts always on your mind?"

Carmen gasped victoriously when she staggered across the finish line. She turned to face the Seikogami, panting heavily as she wiped a sheen of sweat from her brow. Annoyance glowered in her eyes, yet her expression remained tranquil, if flushed.

"I hate it when you're right," she mouthed the words at Ryuka, then relaxed as Dakota approached and draped an arm over the honour student's damp shoulders.

"Wasn't so bad, right?" Dakota laughed, cheeks flushed, and lips raised in an elated smirk.

"I feel like I'm gonna die," Carmen replied, grimacing at how soaked her shirt was, "Doesn't the sweat bother you?"

"Don't tell anyone," Dakota began, leaning in close to whisper in Carmen's ear, "But I have a thing for sweaty girls... I think. Haven't really looked at anyone besides you."

"You're hopeless," Carmen laughed, playfully pushing her away.

"Thank you," Dakota beamed, "Wanna hit the showers?" Her expression dimmed, taking on a worried grimace.

"I'll stand watch, don't worry," Carmen assured her, tugging at her second-hand, clingy shirt. It felt tighter than normal, though it wasn't surprising; she wasn't necessarily done growing yet. They wandered into the showers ahead of the rest, Carmen grabbing her bag along the way. When Dakota stepped into the shower stall, nervously hiding her crotch from any possible view, Carmen reached inside and found the Futa Note.

She couldn't explain why she still carried it. The book had served the only purpose she had found for it in over month, yet she was going to use it again. As if her subconscious knew she would do so. Carmen leaned against the shower stall, out of Dakota's view, and rested the notebook against her thighs, staring at the transformation she'd forced upon Mary just days earlier. Thoughts raced through her mind, causing her fingers to twitch.

"Ugh, just watching those try-hard assholes makes me sweat," a familiar, whiny pitched voice travelled through the locker room, reaching Carmen, "Where'd those dykes go anyway?"

"Dunno," Gretchen's voice cropped up, "Probably gonna eat out the teachers for lunch money."

"You really think they'd be so expensive?" Mary laughed.

"Fuck you," Carmen growled under her breath, fixing her gaze solely on the book. She erased every word, then replaced them with fast, vicious strokes of her pen. The honour student didn't reread her entry, nor did her thoughts linger on it.

"We gotta go," Carmen said after knocking on the wall, "Mary's heading here."

"Sure," Dakota quickly agreed. She towelled herself dry, visibly taking care not to stimulate herself in front of Carmen. When she was dry and dressed once more, they slipped out from the showers. Carmen caught a glimpse of Mary from the corner of her eye, but they went unseen. At least by the despicable blonde.

"Uh, hi," Zoey, the tall athlete of the group, said, bringing attention from the others.

"Oh, hello," the sickly syrup-sweet tone of Mary's voice sent a barely repressed shudder down Carmen's spine, which Dakota expressed in her place, "Now what was a pair of fine, lesbian sluts doing alone in the shower?" She stepped forward, devout malice etched into her otherwise stunning face.

"Now," Carmen whispered under her breath, having silently counted the seconds leading up to Mary's latest transformation. It took effect immediately, causing the blonde to freeze in place and supress a weak gasp. The honour student grabbed Dakota's hand and dragged her toward the exit, glancing back to see Mary claw at her clothes. Hidden under the rush of movement, Carmen's lips curled in a vindicated smile.

Mary glared at the doorway as her body burned. It was the same as last time. Her clothes seared her flesh, causing a baleful itch to spread across her form, before it worsened into a flame that licked her body from her ankles, up to her arms. Both were covered in thigh-high tights and a stylish shirt respectively, something that had worked perfectly before.

"You alright?" Zoey asked, coming forward to lay a concerned hand on Mary's shoulder.

"Fuck off!" Mary snarled, snapping away at the sudden blaze that seeped across where Zoey had touched. It spread further, rapidly streaking down her figure to coil within her groin.

"What's up?" Gretchen inquired as she stepped around a row of lockers.

"Nothing," Mary hastily yelled, then stood and rushed from the room, "I just need the bathroom." She amended, trying to keep her voice from betraying the horror in her mind, and the agony painting across her skin. Anyone who looked her way caught a baleful glare, one that forced them to back away out of fear. The queen bee staggered into the bathroom stall and locked the door, before removing her clothes.

Her tights tore in her haste, as did the neck of her shirt. Mary panted as she stared down at the crimson areas that littered her fair skin. Small bumps lined the surface of the darkest places, seeming to beg for her nails to scratch. The cool air made the blaze lower to a simmer, yet it also stung viciously. Worst of all was her erect cock.

Its puny size only just peeked around the curve of her breasts. After the days of adjusting to her condition, she knew what needed to be done. Mary began to scowl at her member as she wrapped a delicate hand around the comparatively thick shaft, its veins throbbing potently against her palm, only to let a smile grace her expression instead. Behind her balls, Mary's pussy ached and leaked. Her lips parted in a pleasured sigh as she slipped her fingers inside, using her palm to cup her sack.

"What the hell's happening to me?" Mary moaned against the air, already losing herself in the pleasure. Dampness met her thighs as her juices pooled on the toilet seat. Her hand stroked along her thick cock, squeezing around the head. Slimy pre-cum soon overflowed and slathered along her hand, which jerked faster. She bit down on her lip to muffle a moan, then released it as her fingers hit her prefect spot.

"Too good," Mary groaned, leaning forward to properly see her potent prick. It glistened in its fluids, the spongy head eagerly spewing more with abandon. Her breasts nearly touched the tip, the undersized nipples twitching as if reaching for it. The lust-addled blonde released her cock and grabbed a firm tit, then raised it to her lips. She caught it and bit down, stifling her next moan.

The itching faded, yet her lusts remained as forceful as ever. Mary's hand flew along her shaft, slapping against her slimy crotch wetly. Stray drops of pre landed on her belly and thighs in her fervour, while rivulets of the slick fluid leaked down her heavy balls. They were bigger than her cock, overflowing her palm. And she loved it.

No man she'd slept with even had a sack as big as one of her prolific testes. Mary rolled the twin cum tanks in her hand, indulging in the way her seed churned within them. A film of sweat clung to her scrotum, now mixed with her pre. She felt her heartbeat through the intricate circuit of veins, each throbbing in tandem with her lust-crazed cock. The back of her massive orbs were also doused in layer upon layer of her feminine juices.

This is all that Carmen's fault, Mary thought. She moaned around her nipple, biting harder as her body surged with desire at the mere thought of the honour student. A gush of pre-cum spewed from her member, splattering against the floor. Why? Mary whimpered in her mind, even as her body continued to strive for more pleasure.

Every day, she masturbated. That alone wasn't unusual for the borderline nymphomaniac. It was the fact that her fantasies almost always included Carmen Robins, despite the honour student not even being hot by Mary's standards. Her breasts were barely average, she wasn't very tall, even her ass looked flat. And yet that same underwhelming figure would dominate her thoughts.

Mary stared at the stall door. Part of her wished that it would break open and Carmen would step inside and see her for the freak that she had become. What happened next didn't seem to matter. Mary released her tit with a strangled shriek, vocal chords locking from the extreme explosion of sensation. Her cock lurched in her grasp as thick ropes arched toward the door, while her cunt tightened like a vice and let down a deluge of her juices.

Mary's rotund orbs clenched in perfect. Semen rocketed up her shaft, spewing from the tip with enough force to slam against the door more than two feet away. Lines of drool ran down her chin as her tongue hung out, a streak of saliva swaying on its tip.

"So fucking good," Mary slurred, entire body relaxing into a near jellylike state. The vestiges of her climax leaked down her cock, running across her fingers and over her balls. Her hips twitched as her pussy milked her fingers like they were a cock, slathering some of her viscous seed against her vulva. Could she get herself pregnant? The stray thought made her snatch clench harder, as if trying to slurp up her jizz.

"I-I'm losing my mind," Mary gasped, finally recuperating enough to right her position. Her legs shook as she tried to move them, aftershocks of her dual climaxes darting across her nerves. She stared at the mess in front of her. Addled by her orgasms, Mary fell to the floor and leaned down until her lips touched the jizz-covered ground. She slurped up the potent seed until her cheeks puffed out and savoured it.

The blonde, self-confessed slut, rolled her tongue around the thick goo. It doused her taste buds, each sperm seeming to set off another burst of flavour. Her gums and teeth were coated. The heady mixture swirled around her muscle, bathing it. She even leaned back and gargled, bubbles of jizz threatening to overflow from her full lips. Mary, then, swallowed with a satisfied moan.

"Déjà vu," Mary grunted as she pulled on her skirt, tugging it past her broad hips. The fabric brushed against her mid-thigh, just as it always did, causing a yelp of pain to escape her lips. She pulled the flap of her skirt up and saw a distinct red line along her leg, exactly where the cloth had met her skin, "You're fucking kidding?"

Mary tried her shirt. The sleeves came down to her bicep and the neckline, though torn, only revealed a few inches of her deep cleavage. Just like her skirt, however, the garments made her skin burn hotly past certain points. She took several deep breaths, standing there fully naked as she carefully tore into her clothes.

The top was expensive, though Ashley had paid for it. Mary almost winced as she forced the neckline lower and ripped the sleeves off to match where the redness began on her skin, before doing the same to the mandatory skirt. The once well-dressed blonde, whose outward appearance once betrayed the very notion of the things she's done, now resembled a sloppy whore on a street corner. Even her makeup was smeared.

"Who the fuck dresses like this?" Mary growled to herself, staring down at her nearly naked tits, their round shapes coming together to create a loose cleavage now that the shirt was looser. Her arms were bare, though the school was thankfully well-heated. The biggest fear was her skirt. It barely covered her immense ass, leaving her cock to almost peak from the hemline. She breathed a sigh of relief that her balls didn't hang like most would.

There was no doubt in her mind that she would be discovered now. Every last ounce of power that she held would be ruined. Her 'friends' would mock her exactly as she had done to so many others, maybe more so. Every possible insult ran through her mind, though none lingered long enough for her to focus on it. The blonde futa hugged her knees to her chin, steadily rocking to and fro. Her cock brushed along the damp toilet as she did so.

"I can't go back to being like that," Mary muttered under her breath, glowering at the thick streaks of her sperm running down the door, "No one will know. It's just a rash. I can live with that." She took several deep breaths, taking solace in the sensation of her large, expensive breasts pressing tight against her legs. No matter what, the school couldn't know.

Mary exited the restroom with her bag slung over her arm, hanging it in front of her crotch. Classes didn't matter to her, as such she made a beeline to the entrance, intending to see her doctor and make them solve this. It was just weird rashes, she told herself. A bit of ointment, maybe some special fabric, and everything would be fine. She rounded a corner, and her brisk pace froze. Carmen and Dakota paced along the hallway, attention on one another.

"Oh shit," Mary muttered, eyes automatically fixing themselves onto Carmen. The blonde retreated, barely able to quell the panicked pounding of her heart, or the sudden influx of desire. Her torn skirt lifted slightly, revealing the tip of her purple head, "Fuck, uh..." she turned to face the wall, hoping that the two would walk by.

Their footsteps passed behind her. They seemed painfully slow, as if they were aware of the torment their presence caused her. She held her breath, determined to be unnoticed, and kept her gaze firmly away from Carmen. The thought inevitably brought her curiosity, and unwelcome desire to the surface. She glanced sideways and caught the sight of Carmen's face vanishing behind the corner. The honour student was smiling.

"She looks good like that," Mary mumbled, then shook her head vehemently, "Shut the fuck up." She growled at herself and practically ran to the exit. By some miracle, she avoided Gretchen and the others on the way to her beat-up Volkswagen. The blonde let out a heavy sigh of relief as she slammed the door shut, relaxing into the worn leather seat. It was a second-hand car, but one of the few student vehicles around. She had never been so relieved to have it.

Mary quickly made an appointment with her doctor. To her continued fortune, someone had just cancelled. Minutes later and Mary parked in the clinic driveway. She rushed inside, taking care not to flip her skirt.

"I'm here to see Doctor Michaels." Mary informed the secretary, fidgeting where she stood. The clerk barely glanced up from her desk and pointed to the left.

The room was cold. One of the wonders was ajar, and the thermostat said the heating was off. Of course, Mary thought, then realised the blessing. If her dick was cold, then it wouldn't get erect. Probably. Either way, she barged through the door and into the clinical space. The walls were white and mostly barren, with only a single table in the middle with a green sheet draped across it. Counters and shelves lined the walls, housing an assortment of intimidating medical equipment.

"Hello, Mary. How're things?" Her doctor inquired politely, smiling just as she always did despite knowing better.

"Fucking awful," Mary groaned, sitting on the examination table and hanging her head into her hands. She kept her legs tight together, restraining a faint moan as her thighs pressed into her sensitive cock and balls.

"I gathered. What's the problem exactly?"

"I don't fucking know!" Mary nearly shouted, staring at the woman. Fear and confusion made her head pound, yet she couldn't resist eying her doctor's impressive physique. She was slightly overweight, with a pudgy stomach and muffin top, yet her breasts and hips reaped the benefits. Mary unconsciously licked her lips at the sight of her doctor's obviously erect nipples.

"Jeez, when did you get such a dirty mouth?" Her doctor asked, dryly, then sat in front of the scantily clad blonde, "Just take a deep breath, and tell me what the problem is."

"Okay," Mary did as the doctor said, inhaling deeply. A thick shade of red flushed her cheeks as her shirt ripped further, unable to fully handle the scope of her valuable breasts, "I... I'm getting random rashes from my clothes."
