 Mary rested her head on her steering wheel. Cold air filled her lungs and poured from her lips in a misty path that split before her, with a majority streaming to the right, leaving just a little wisp to go it alone. Her shoulders quivered as bitter laughter rattled in her chest. Other students chortled and stampeded around her, ignorant to who sat amidst their leagues. Or they simply didn't care. Why would they?

The blonde pulled out her new phone. It had been a week since the sleepover, since her social life was shattered like cheap glass. She had no one's number on her device, nor did anyone know hers. Mary shoved her door open and jumped out, rubbing her naked arms in a futile shield against the wind that bit at her flesh like a million ants. They crawled across her limbs, leaving icy pinpricks wherever they went.

Mary climbed from her car and clenched her thighs. They were the only thing keeping her dick from sticking out. She had it tucked between her legs, pressed snugly against her pussy. Her cumbersome balls helped to hold it in place, finally useful for something other than making her shorts protrude noticeably. She pulled her handbag around to hand it in front of her groin.

The weekend had been a nightmare of trial and tribulation. She struggled to find a way to keep her 'little friend' secret, which became increasingly difficult as it grew. If no one saw it, then Gretchen's words were only rumours, nothing more. The only solution, after finding out that tape would cause her rash, was her current predicament. Thankfully, her nerves and the cold barred any arousal from seeping into her consciousness.

"Excuse me," someone said, pushing past her. Their shoulder bumped against hers, causing the blonde to stumble. Whoever the passer-by was, they didn't care about who she is, or rather who she was. Mary hurried as her teeth began to chatter. Her nipples jutted out from her shirt like a pair of fingers pointing the way, leading her by the chest. She let out a shuddering sigh as she entered the building, a rush of warmth greeting her. As well as the snide giggling of a fellow blonde.

Mary's vision zeroed in on the small group huddled around a set of lockers. Everyone gave them a wide berth, hushing their conversations and lowering their heads. Even so, Gretchen pulled some aside at random, locking onto any flaw that was available to her, before exploiting it. A pang of sympathy echoed in her chest.

"Look who it is!" Gretchen's condescending voice speared through Mary's ears, ricocheting in her head. She glanced to its source, barely able to repress a shudder. That night had been the worst of her life, and there was little doubt in her mind that Gretchen wanted to make sure she never forgot it.

"Mary, Mary, quite contrary," the cruel-faced blonde sang, cackling as she slung an arm over the outcasted girl's shoulders. Ashley and the others quickly joined her, crowding around their former leader.

"What do you want, Gretchen?" Mary growled and straightened her back, peering down at her former best friend. Almost five years of friendship and there wasn't a trace of kindness left on Gretchen's face, only a demeaning sneer that Mary had cultivated in her. Now it betrayed her. How long had it been since she saw that expression turned on her?

"Do I need a reason to make fun of the biggest freak of the century?" Gretchen laughed. To a stranger, it might seem pleasant, like the jovial tone of a child.

"There's plenty of trans people," Mary muttered, thinking of the shemale porn stars she'd begun to watch more and more. None of them were like her, though, a futanari. Not that Gretchen or anyone else knew that.

"Yeah, but none like you," Gretchen sniggered, "Look at you; everything about you screams 'sexy', but then you've got a stupid little girl-cock."

"Girl-cock?" Mary laughed, arching an eyebrow. She cast her gaze across the others, lingering on Ashley. The plump girl shied away, pale cheeks reddening. Gretchen grimaced at the retort, then caught the glance between the two.

"Still trying to get into Ashley's panties?" Gretchen giggled, pulling Mary in tighter, "What girl would want to be with you? Little freak."

"Excuse me," a familiar voice lanced through the gathering. Mary's heart and eyes jumped at the sound of it, her gaze flashing to Carmen. The honour student ignored them, vision aimed ahead. Dakota copied her, remaining silent despite the glare affixed to her face. Ashley and Zoey stepped out of the way, while everyone watched them go.

"You think the dykes will take you?" Gretchen snarled, curling her lip at the two, "Hate to break it to you... actually, I love it, but they'll never accept you. No one will. I'll see to it."

Mary opened her mouth and inhaled. Insults thundered across her thoughts like racehorses, drowning out everything, until they vanished and were replaced by Gretchen's face. Every facet of her visage consumed the blonde's mind, the crevices in her lips, how they curled in a cruel sneer, and the way her eyes flickered with hatred. Then it was gone, consumed by another, equally hateful face. And just as familiar.

She snapped her eyes shut and shook her head. Mary jerked away from Gretchen and hurried toward her class, gritting her teeth against the insults that followed her. They hung on her shoulders like loyal pets, perched there and chittering in her ears. She planted herself at the furthermost corner of the room, away from everyone's sight. It was just like middle-school all over again.

Few people even spared a glance in her direction. Her name hovered about the room, passing from one set of lips to another in hushed murmurs. She knew what they were talking about, though. 'Was it true, did she really have a cock, you find out, no you do it...' No one wanted to approach her. Not when Gretchen's eyes and ears were everywhere. Exactly like middle-school, Mary thought. 

After the lunch bell rang, and everyone filed out into the halls, Gretchen's hawk-like gaze found her in seconds. It didn't take long before the flying insults cajoled others into the humiliation, every girl around her joining in to avoid Gretchen's ire, though many were all too happy to add their voices. She faintly recognised several races as they crowded around her. 

Mary pushed through the throngs of students. Their mouths spat at her, calling her every name that she had thrown at them over the years. She remained stoic, however, unwilling to give them the satisfaction that they craved.

"Oh god, look at those things!" One snickered, hand poking into the firm implant of Mary's breast.

"She fucking likes it," another joined her, flicking a finger against a nipple, still firm from the cold. Mary clenched her jaw and pressed harder, eyes zeroing in on the bathrooms. A third hand slapped against her ass, earning a sharp yelp from the blonde, and sank its fingers into her cheek. The nails sent a flash of pain through her. Mary bit her lip to restrain a moan, though it was harder to keep her thighs together as her cock swelled against them. Fortunately, the bathroom finally came within reach. 

As did her crotch to a fourth hand. It lashed out in front of her, too low to get her breasts. She froze in place. Her lips parted in a soundless gasp as a stranger's fingers dug into her shorts, fondling the bulge of her testes and freeing her hidden shaft from the tight grip of her thighs. Mary slapped the hand away and charged into the restroom.

"Get out!" She shrieked at the occupants. Mary instantly made a beeline for the nearest stall, hands tugging at her clothes. Once inside, she stripped in a familiar pattern and sat atop the toilet. She set her elbows against her knees and let her head fall forward. Swelling with desire, her cock twitched as it rose above her thighs to almost meet the curve of her breast. Mary didn't touch it.

The thing was huge now. If she didn't know better, she would have thought it was growing right in front of her as if feeding off her unquenchable lust. As her member grew, so too did her libido. She was insatiable before, always hankering for her next boytoy. Now her cock demanded double that. Always on the cusp of her thoughts, no matter the situation.

What made it impossible to wholly conceal was her balls. At first, they were massive, easily the size of an orange or apple, but at least they were mostly manageable with a skirt. Then her cock began to grow, and they joined with fervour, expanding feverishly quick. Her scrotum remained loose, letting them hang when she released the unsightly orbs. Now they rested on the toilet lid, each bigger than a softball.

The sounds of Gretchen's voice carried through the door. It slithered through the cracks toward Mary, reminding her of the humiliation that waited for her, no matter when she left. She something wet roll down her cheek as her shoulders back to shake, and her chest grew tight. This was how the rest of her school life was going to be.

Her parents wouldn't let her change schools. Even if she told them what was happening, they were too oblivious to see through the façade that Gretchen's mother would put up. And no one would back her up. They all wanted her to suffer, and a transfer would be too easy an escape. Mary laughed as a tear fell onto the linoleum floor below. Unaffected by her state, her cock continued to rise to its full erection until the spongy tip met her breast.

"This is retarded," Mary chuckled and pawed at her eyes. From voluptuous queen bee to a futanari sex freak that got turned on while being humiliated and harassed. Her cock throbbed strongly and pushed harder against her tit, as if trying to make a modicum of effort to comfort her, "I could do with an orgasm..." she mumbled and wiped off her tears on her thigh, then grasped her broad shaft.

The veins pulsed warmly in welcome and her tip leaked a large dollop of pre-cum. Her production never failed to amaze, as slick pre streamed down her length and over her fingers. For every inch that her vein-riddled prick grew, she seemed to produce another cup worth of semen. Her prick was coated in a soft sheen after a just a few pumps of her hand. She moaned softly as her tears dried up, replaced by the slime pouring from her cock.

Mary jerked her arm away at the sound of the door swinging open. Footsteps paced over to her stall and hovered outside, facing toward her. She didn't dare make a sound above her breathing, waiting - praying that this person would leave. The door vibrated with a few sharp raps.

"Open the door," Dakota said.

"Dakota?" Mary questioned, unable to believe her ears. The feet moved into an impatient stance and tapped against the hard floor.

"Yeah, now open the damn door."

"I can't," Mary swiftly refused.

"Because of your dick?"

"That's just a..."

"I felt it," Dakota confessed, "You're not alone."

"You mean you've got one too?" Mary scoured her memories for proof, however she had never paid enough attention to notice, "I never knew."

"It's not exactly something I go around telling people. Now let me in."

"I can't," Mary insisted, glancing down at her no longer unique cock.

"You jerking off in there?" Dakota asked bluntly.

"... yeah," Mary whispered, certain that her face made a tomato seem blue. Her cock was less ashamed, happily spurting pre-cum.

"Can't believe I'm gonna say this, but... do you want some help?"

"What?!"

"It's boring as fuck isn't it? Masturbating all the time, especially after everything we used to do."

"I guess so," Mary mumbled and walked to the door, reaching for the latch with a quivering hand, "What're you going to do?"

"You know me," Dakota laughed softly, "I was the only one of us who got off giving a blowjob."

"I'm pretty big," Mary grinned in pride.

"I'll be the judge of that. Now, are you gonna let me in or not?"

"You're really going to do this?" Mary breathed, torn between what she knew would happen and what she wanted.

"I hate you," Dakota confessed, "But I know what you're going through. You did it to me, after all."

"Sorry," Mary hung her head and licked her lips, almost able to feel the word lingering on them. She unlocked the door and stepped back, letting it slide open, "I really am."

"You can prove it to me later," Dakota pushed the dilapidated barrier all the way open and stepped inside, before she hurriedly closed it once more. The two stood in the confined space without sound or movement. Mary didn't know what to say, nor how she should begin. Her prick stood rigid, aimed solely at the girl who had promised a better release than anything else before. A large drop of pre hung from the tip, building greater with every beat of her heart. It broke away from the slick stream and splatted against the floor.

Dakota turned around to face the blonde futa. Her eyes widened, and her lips parted, before she recovered a calm mask, then traced her gaze across Mary's form. She settled on the turgid mass that marred the girl's form. Its veiny shaft stood out in stark relief to the smooth swell of Mary's hips and unnatural perkiness of her breasts, and beneath it hung a pair of balls an elephant would be envious of. The blonde crooked her head down and to the side.

"I really hate you," Dakota laughed and moved closer. She and Mary were close to the same height, with the half-German standing only an inch taller. Their groins met, Mary's impressive shaft pressing into a noticeable presence behind Dakota's skirt.

"You really have one," Mary gasped and hesitantly reached down to slip her hand beneath the garment, finding a pair of boxer shorts encumbered with a bulge like her own, only smaller, "But you can use underwear?"

"Of course," Dakota frowned and looked at the pile of clothes, "You can't?"

"No, I can't wear anything when I'm like this," Mary nodded to her erection.

"Freaky," Dakota noted, then reached between them and grabbed the appendage, inhaling sharply when her hand failed to fit around it, "Holy shit." She pushed against Mary, forcing her to sit back on the toilet. The tanned teen lowered herself to her knees in front of her, eyes staring up at the impressive length. 

"I really am sorry for what I did before," Mary mumbled, breaths growing heavier as her former friend's face neared her cock. She only had one ally now, or perhaps something more, and she had every intention of keeping it that way. No matter how much she had to brown nose.

"Don't worry about it," Dakota breathed. She puckered her lips and pressed them against Mary's prick, inhaling the heady musk that swirled about the pulsating spire, "Like I said, 'prove it to me later'."

"Okay," Mary cooed, and relaxed. She spread her legs wider and pushed out her hips, running her cock against Dakota's supple lips. Dakota stroked her mouth down to the base, then slid lower and wrapped her lips around a ball, inhaling as much as she could. The size was impossible, however. Her hands made up for it as they cupped each orb, feeling their heft against her palm. Cum sloshed noisily inside and crashed against the walls of its container.

The blonde futa slid her hands along her legs and up to her breasts. She groped her firm mounds, nursing her bottom lip, as she watched Dakota work. She knew her former, now only friend was an eager cocksucker. It was a fact that she often bragged about, but Mary never thought that she'd be on the receiving end. That was far from a complaint, merely an observation.

She adored the sensations racing across her nerves. Dakota licked and fondled her sack as if she were worshipping a religious idol, tracing every protrusive vein with her lithe tongue. Her lips moved between each ball, drawing it in and lathering it in her spit, while her other hand massaged the other. Each finger was a point of delight as they pressed intermittently, separate from each other, roiling her cumbersome testes. The nails scratched and pulled at the loose flesh, adding another sensation.

Saliva drooled across Mary's balls as Dakota made out sloppily with the oversized orb. The breath from her nose breezed across the moistened skin, sending pleasant chills up Mary's spine. Pre-cum made its way to the overeager cocksucker, mixing with her spit. Dakota opened wide against a ball and moaned, lapping her tongue across its surface and catching every drop of pre. The half-German moved a hand away and pushed it behind the action.

"Oh, fuck!" Mary gasped, arcing her hips as Dakota slid a finger inside her pussy. The sudden penetration caused a burst of pre-cum to shoot out, landing across the tanned teen's hair. It ran down her brunette locks, soaking into them, but went ignored. Dakota curled and stretched her finger, swirling it around, before sliding another two inside. The nails scratched against Mary's walls, and the burning itch that bubbled just below the surface.

Dakota, then, planted wet kisses along Mary's balls and up her shaft. When she reached the peak, its swollen, purple head, the girl wrapped her lips around the tip. Mary glanced down at her and met her gaze. They held the lock as Dakota slurped lewdly, drawing out still more sticky pre, while her tongue slowly lapped around the head. Dakota abruptly removed her hand from Mary's pussy, then, and brought the pair to her relentless shaft.

The blonde futa breathed deep in anticipation. Her cock throbbed as it was wrapped in Dakota's soft grasp, pressing its root-like veins against them. Their eyes remained fixed to one another, even as Mary's fluttered in her towering lust. Dakota brought her hands to the swell of Mary's crown and opened wider, leaning close until her lips touched them. Her cheeks turned hollow as she suckled like a parched babe.

"Fuck me, you're good at this," Mary rasped, pinching her excited nipples at the display.

"I've had a lot of practice," Dakota replied around the near-fist sized crown. Though her words were slurred and muffled, they were astonishingly clear considering what stuffed her maw. The girl wasn't shy about showing off her flexible jaw whenever she had the chance, usually putting an apple or orange inside at parties. Mary had seen her perform the trick time after time, but she never thought it had any use until now.

"What about deepthroating me?" Mary pushed her hips toward the girl, forcing her lips past the glans. Dakota retreated immediately after wards, pulling her mouth off with a lewd pop.

"There's more to a blowjob than sucking the whole thing down in one go," Dakota advised her, both hands stroking the pillar of cock, "But," she continued, returning her lips to the spongy crown, "I do like a challenge." The teen lowered her mouth back to where she left off, stroking her hands down to the base as she did so.

Mary left the subject alone and leaned against the basin. Part of her wished she could suck on her nipples, but the implants forbade it. They were too firm and round, however she could happily settle for pulling and pinching them. Mary rolled her nubs in her fingers as Dakota slowly, painfully so, bobbed her head back and forth with her spiralling hands.

Her hips began to jerk impatiently. Mary groaned and tightened the grip around her breasts, both savouring the drawn-out pleasure and suffering in it. Go faster, she silently urged the tortuous girl, but Dakota remained locked in her methodical practice. Her lips slid across the crown while her tongue toyed with the spewing slit, as her hands twisted and stroked the foot-long dick.

"Please, Dakota," Mary moaned, unable to tolerate it for much longer, "Go faster... go deeper... anything!"

Dakota popped free once more and hastened her strokes. She laid her cheek against the slimy head, ushering even greater bursts of pre to sully her tan, and fixed her smouldering gaze upon Mary's, "What do you want me to do?"

"Suck my cock," Mary panted, rolling her hips, "Shove it down your throat. Make me cum inside of you... please?" She'd never felt this desperate to cum before, always giving into her desire without a care. Her balls had never felt so full, or so tight for that matter. Every inch that Dakota's hand travelled made them feel tenser, like a dam holding back an entire ocean. It would inevitably crumble. There was just the matter of when, and Dakota held that time in her hand.
