 Carmen glared at her meagre pile of clothes, all crumpled and disorganised after her recent attempts at dressing herself. One shirt sported a tear along its side from when she'd tried to force it over her unfairly endowed chest, which stood out like a sore thumb on her torso. None of her bras had a hope of fitting now. She grimaced at the memory of trying to stuff her breasts into one, rolling her shoulders at the phantom ache of the straps digging into her skin and tender bust. Why couldn't she have a growth spurt after she could afford new clothes?

"You know, a certain notebook could solve all your problems," Ryuka giggled, hovering over the student's bed with a lavish grin, one that promised mischief and bliss. The Seikogami lifted a shirt and held it against her woefully oversized body, "Think it suits me?"

"Just shut up," Carmen groaned, sparing an exasperated glance at her unwelcome roommate. No matter how annoying Ryuka was, though, Carmen couldn't deny her inhuman beauty. Black waves fell from Ryuka's head to spill across her shoulders and down her back, seeping into the tar-black wings that extended on either side of her. Elegant, slender feathers lined the limbs and possessed a glossy sheen under the sunlight that streaked through Carmen's window and fell upon Ryuka's aristocratic flesh. Her blood-red lips and eyes shone brightly against her pale, sculpted face.

And those lips moved like a dancer's body. They screamed for attention without asking it, as commanding a presence as a general or bodybuilder, yet gracefully curved and inviting. Oh so inviting, Carmen thought as she ripped her gaze free. A subtle, yet scorching heat bellowed across her skin, moving like teasing fingers to her oversized breasts and between her thighs. Carmen grabbed her biggest top and tugged it on.

It was thin and an ugly brown colour, dotted with flecks of green and decay. Moths had eaten through several parts of it, leaving small holes spread across the garment, and it nearly toppled over Carmen's shoulder. The sleeves were several inches too long, and the hemline covered the tops of her hips. Her breasts swelled out against the front and left the rest to hang loosely over her waist.

"Ugh," Carmen curled her lip as she looked in the mirror.

"I believe I've said it once, but I'll say it again. I don't know why you humans bother wearing clothes. It's even good weather today," Ryuka muttered, landing beside Carmen to study her reflection, "Hmm, but if this isn't a darling picture, I don't know what is." She flung her arm around Carmen's shoulders and pulled her close, mashing the honour student into her enormous breast.

Carmen unconsciously inhaled at that moment. Her nose was pressed tight into Ryuka's marshmallow boob, its softness conforming around her like a pillow made from foam. Citrus fruits mixed with a potently sexual aroma filtered through, before they gave way to a familiar heady scent that she'd come to know all too well in the last three months. One that set her loins bustling with longing.

She wrenched herself free and stormed from the bathroom, face a fiery mess of unsated desire and embarrassment. Her thighs rubbed together, grinding against her pussy as she walked. The lips slid against each other and her clit, earning a frustrated moan. She yanked a pair of panties into place, vehemently ignoring how they stuck to her nether region, and put on her skirt. Thankfully, her hips hadn't changed as seriously as her chest had.

"I swear if you did this to me, Ryuka," Carmen growled, rolling her ugly sweater's sleeves to keep her hands in the open. She spared a moment to glance at herself with a disdainful sigh, then rushed from the sad excuse for an apartment. The floors creaked and dipped under her every step, casting nervous shivers up her spine, and the door was barely clinging onto the frame. If either one broke, they'd have to make some serious decisions about food that month. And probably the next as well.

At least the weather had drastically improved. Sunlight bore down upon the world from among high, as if watching everyone that walked the streets, except those that sought shelter in the alleyways. Darkness was their friend. Carmen glanced down a pathway and spied a man curled under the leftover strips of a blanket, a sheet of cardboard mounted over his head. What once might've been a nice suit was now marred by filth.

He might've been a business man before, Carmen thought and hurried on. Any time that she could spend worrying about the less fortunate was time spent planning how to survive Gretchen. A soft groan passed her lips as she imagined dealing with that bitch again, and again the next day and the next and so on and so forth. 

"God, give me strength," Carmen prayed, though she doubted it would work.

"I've already given you more power than the entire human race combined, what more do you want?" Ryuka exasperated with a wave of her arms. People strolled past her without batting an eye, even when her low hanging cock smacked their faces or left a trail of pre along their clothes. One man even found himself with a moustache of pre-cum.

"Yes and one that turns people into a mishmash of genders," Carmen refuted while she bit back laughter at the man's misfortune.

"I get it, I get it," Ryuka rolled her eyes, "Might as find something else to talk about... how're your new friends?"

"Uh..." Carmen blushed and diverted her gaze away from Ryuka, "Good. They're good, we're good... nothing major." She became all too aware of her phone in her bag, right beside the Futa Note. Mary had insisted on calling and texting frequently, which usually found her flirting with Carmen. Though it wasn't restricted to a digital medium. The former social queen bee openly teased her in public too, going so far as to flash Carmen her privates at times. Yet she couldn't stop her.

It was nice in a way. Carmen smiled softly, recalling when Mary had tried to draw attention to her cleavage, only for a passer-by to spill their drink on her. She wasn't a bad person by nature, not from what Carmen could discern. Circumstances can make someone into anything they have to be. Everything would be so different if her father was still alive.

"Something wrong?" Ryuka asked, moving to glide in front of Carmen.

"Nothing," Carmen dabbed at the moisture in her eyes and sped up her stride, pounding along the sidewalk. The anniversary was coming up soon. And so was another very special event. Carmen forced herself to smile and reached into her bag, feeling the carefully wrapped art set. She'd spent most of her personal savings on it, but it'd be worth the expense. Melody was always worth it.

Ryuka shook her head at the human and returned to letting her penis smack into people. The ancient deity giggled like a schoolgirl when her translucent pre fell on a woman's donuts, glazing them in her slimy ejaculate. "Well, it's probably better for her than that icing anyway."

Seikogami would never cease to intrigue or annoy Carmen. They were creatures of unfathomable beauty, with bodies no human could possess even through the horrors of plastic surgery, and an aura that could turn even the most well-adjusted individual into a sex-starved nymphomaniac. And yet, despite that, Ryuka seemed akin to a petulant child or a spoiled celebrity. Carmen had to wonder if she was the first person to ever deny the deity her amusement.

"Hey, hey!" Ryuka suddenly chirped and pointed to a market stall. The fruit stands were coming out with the improved weather, sporting farm fresh produce. Carmen followed Ryuka's finger to a tray of ripe oranges, "Buy me one, Carmen."

"No," she immediately refused and walked on.

"Come on!" Ryuka whined and tugged on her detestable jumper.

"I said no. I don't have the money," Carmen explained and tugged free, "If you want one so bad, get a job."

"Meanie," Ryuka pouted, then hung her head.

"Why not steal one?" Carmen inquired, curious as to her reasons.

"The rules," Ryuka whinged, "When in the human world, my kind are honour bound not to directly interact with your kind, unless they picked up a Futa Note. Then they're fair game."

"Your dick's been slapping people's faces for months," Carmen pointed out.

"You grow a cock this big and try not hitting things beneath you. It's impossible I say. Simply put, I can't take things from you. Only if they're given to me. All I can do is influence people with my aura, but even that's got restrictions," Ryuka elucidated, folding her arms with a huff.

"Why don't you just hold your cock up or," Carmen felt her cheeks boil as she blurted her follow-up, "Just stick up your... uh... you know?"

Ryuka froze in mid-air, "There's hope for you yet," she laughed and grabbed her godly thick cock, then curled it around to press against her pussy. Her alluring lips parted in a husky moan as she pushed her genitals together, driving her dick into herself. Carmen scurried away, hands over her ears, yet Ryuka remained at her side. The sound of her pleasure still breached her eardrums, "Ooh, that's good."

Carmen glanced to her right and saw the deity's vagina stretched tensely thin around her penis. Her juices dribbled down the pale shaft, then fell under gravity's sway. A series of angry purple-blue veins stood out against Ryuka's foreskin, visibly pulsating as her hips moved. Carmen's gaze trekked upwards to see her companion's ass cheeks, their shape gorgeously curved and perky. They jiggled like water balloons if the Seikogami moved too suddenly.

"Nope!" Carmen blurted and raised a hand to block out the sight. It did nothing for the noise, though. Every moan, each slimy movement, the squelching of her pussy were all clear as day, "You know what? Never mind. Let it hang out. Smack everyone in the face, I don't care."

"What happened?" Dakota inquired once Carmen stepped into the classroom. Her hair was a mess, slicked back and a scowl seemed permanently sculpted on her face. A drop of something thick and slimy rolled down her forehead. She vehemently wiped at it with a tissue.

"Shower troubles," Carmen explained with a firm jaw. She glared to her side where Ryuka continued to roar with laughter, as she had done for several minutes at that point, "I'm never buying oranges ever again." She muttered and took her seat. The laughter stopped. Good, Carmen thought with a slight grin and settled back into her routine of study and ignoring Ryuka.

She sealed her locker with a cautious glance down the hall. Gretchen approached with her gang in tow and an aura of confidence that parted the student body like the red sea, their eyes downcast or fixated on the new queen bee, who knew it all. Her cheeks were dimpled with a malicious smirk, eyes gleaming with faux friendliness and indiscrimination. Those who had known her for longer than a month knew the truth. She was sizing everyone up, making sure no one was out of place below her.

No one was. All except Carmen, Dakota and Mary. They stood around Carmen's locker, eying the infamous blonde with a trepidatious stare. Gretchen's own gaze latched onto them and her mask of kindness disintegrated, giving way to a cruelty smeared in beauty. She leaned against a locker and tilted her head as if to flirt, while Ashley stood to the side, nervously busying herself with her fingers. Zoey and Rachel stayed behind, barely glancing at their former friends.

"Hi, Mary! How are you?" Gretchen exuberantly asked, sneering all the while, "Any luck finding another tranny?"

"Dunno, have you looked in a mirror?" Mary snapped back.

"Adorable," Gretchen laughed, then glanced at Carmen and Dakota, "Maybe you're trying to stick it in the honour student? Oversized titties do it for you, I hear. Ain't that right, Ashley?"

"Y-yes," Ashley squeaked, glimpsing Mary before her eyes darted away.

"And you've got more than enough, miss honour student," Gretchen reached out and grabbed at Carmen's chest, squeezing the mounds. A haze of anger fell across her features as she groped. Carmen couldn't resist grinning in pride. She didn't step away or let on how nice the touch felt on her underappreciated breasts. She always preoccupied herself with studying, refusing to masturbate while Ryuka was around. Which was always, she silently mourned.

Gretchen pulled back with a grunt of disgust, "Cow-tits," she sneered, then looked at Dakota, "What about you, Nazi Dyke? Any luck for you?"

"Ask your sister," Dakota murmured.

"Oh ho! Feisty!" Gretchen leaned in close and lowered her voice to a harsh growl, "It's cute up to a point, you fucking freaks. Watch what you say, or I might just fuck you up." She gestured for Zoey to come forward, the tan athlete was one of the few students taller than Carmen, though she looked skittish, "Won't I, Zoey?" Gretchen addressed the tall girl, clapping a hand onto her back. The slap was strong enough to resound amongst the two groups.

"Uh, yeah... yeah, you will," Zoey stammered, then looked back to Rachel, who only shrugged.

"Good girl," Gretchen extolled and patted her like a dog, "See you guys around." She gripped Carmen's shoulder tightly, muscles visibly striking out against her feminine arm, as she left with the others in two. Zoey glanced at the three with an apologetic nod, before Rachel pulled her away. The athlete's opposite scowled at Carmen and the others.

"Fuck that bitch!" Dakota growled when they sat down for lunch. All the tables were taken, Gretchen's wannabe sycophants laying claim to entire rows, forcing the trio to eat outside. They sat under a tree, its branches now rich with life unlike when Carmen had first used the notebook. She glanced at up the limbs, then down at her bag, before digging into her meal. Ostracization wasn't anything new to her.

"We've gotta get back at her for this," Mary concurred, angrily stabbing at her chicken fillet. The two futanari glanced at each other, a silent understanding passing between them.

"Look," Carmen sighed and faced them, "It's not even a big deal. And If we do anything, she's only gonna get worse."

"And if we do nothing she's still gonna get worse. Trust me," Mary glowered at the ground, "She's not the type to just leave you alone. There was a time in middle school, this kid kept getting on her nerves so she kept humiliating him over and over. Even when he got the message, she kept going for him," Mary fixed her stare on Carmen and leaned forward to grip her thighs, "She's a sadistic bitch, Carmen. Ignoring her just makes it worse."

"I can testify to that," Dakota chimed in.

"And what if you guys make it a thousand times worse?" Carmen argued, "From the sound of it, we just have to avoid her."

"Well, yeah. Maybe," Mary shrank back. Concern was etched into her furrowed brow and terse lips, jaw shifting uncomfortably.

"How did you control that bitch anyway?" Dakota inquired around a stuffed mouth.

"I think because I got her into it," Mary hesitantly divulged.

"No fucking way," Dakota laughed, "What? Was she a meek, little princess or something before?"

"No," Mary rolled her eyes, "I just acted the way I did and she latched on. Before I knew it, she was following me. So, this is... kind of my fault."

"It's not," Carmen shook her head and leaned the tree, "I mean, it is. But you shouldn't blame yourself for her. She was bound to end up this way. Spoilt little girls always do."

"And that's why I say we have to get back at her," Dakota urged, "She fucking groped you in public. What's next?" Carmen bit her bottom lip, fully aware of the possibilities. None of the students would do a thing, and neither would the teachers if they wanted to keep their jobs. Cops were out since Principal Blake would cover for Gretchen. Nothing would stop Gretchen from outright attacking her, Dakota and Mary.

Carmen's gaze drifted back to her bag and the all-powerful paperback notebook that peeked out from it. Above the tattered pack, she saw Ryuka's glistening cock. Thick drops of aromatic fluid rolled down its length, teasingly forming a cone at the peak. It distended in a long string to almost touch Carmen's bag. The deity cackled softly, making the obviously sexual rope swing ominously.

There'd be no conceivable way for Gretchen to humiliate anyone with something like that. Any skirt, dress or tunic would be unable to conceal such a thing. It'd bulge against the clothes like a low-hanging python, folds of fabric actually tautly stretched against thick veins, and the angry-purple head would dangle freely from below. Or, if not a carbon copy of Ryuka's dick, then maybe something else. There was no telling how insane the book could go.

"Carmen?"

"What?" Carmen blinked and wrenched her eyes away from the Seikogami.

"What do you think?" Mary pressed. How long was she daydreaming? It didn't feel that long, then again her neck had a slight ache.

"Uh, sure. Whatever," Carmen muttered. She finished her lunch in silence, while Dakota and Mary talked about their weekends. Ryuka simply continued to laze about, reclining in the air as she absentmindedly groped herself, occasionally moaning or floating into Carmen's view. The sun was dulled behind a sheet of clouds and cast a shroud of shadow across the school. A gust of air blew in from the west, carrying a chill with it.

"Run, run, run!" Dakota yelled a few hours later. She came sprinting toward the campus gate, where Carmen stood in wait for her friend.

"What?" Carmen yelped when her hand was forcefully taken and she was pulled violently forward. She looked back and saw Mary huffing after them. The blonde's implanted breasts bounded with her clumsy strides, moving like a pair of balls attached to her chest. Yet they were no less enticing to Carmen. She'd only touched a couple pairs of breasts in her life, her own being amongst them, and neither were fake. Were they as firm as people said? Her thought died when she spied Gretchen further back, a look of pure fury plastered to her face.

For an obvious reason. Her hair was stuck up in maniacal spikes pointing in all manner of directions. Carmen didn't know how Dakota and Mary did it, but she couldn't deny the amusement it provided. She cracked a smile at her friends and sped along, leaving Gretchen to toil in her own humiliation. Her feet pounded along the concrete earth and the wind whipped through her hair, carrying it behind her like a cape. Each step felt free somehow.

Carmen was a straight-A student in all aspects that she could manage. Her behaviour was exemplary, physical shape acceptable - before her growth spurt, now it was above average - and she kept away from any troublemakers. Until now. She couldn't bring her smirk to heel, laughing with Dakota's exhilarated giggles. The half-German led the way, far more physically adept than Carmen. Her long legs sailed along the ground with apparent ease, trailing far enough behind her tanned friend to view Dakota's delightfully pert ass cheeks rise and fall. Her legs raised the skirt just enough to glimpse the flesh.

And the all-too visible shape that bulged out her panties. Carmen wrenched her gaze free at the sudden burn between her own thighs, biting her lip to hold down a deep moan as her panties dug into the cleft of her vulva. Pleasant tingles extended from the lips, caressing her supple thighs and reaching into her chest. Her nipples pressed against her horrid sweater as the heat extended to her cheeks.

"Okay," Dakota panted, "I think we lost her."

"You think?!" Mary wheezed as she stumbled to a stop, folding in half to catch her breath. Her top slipped down slightly to show off extra inches of her cleavage, while it clung possessively to her glossy skin from the excessive sweat, "Ugh." She grimaced as she noticed her perspiration.

"You look nice," Carmen blurted, mind awash in rare adrenaline and endorphins. It was true. Mary's lightly tanned skin shone sexily with a layer of sweat, even the beads added a certain level of sensuality. One envious drop rolled into the valley of her bosom, leaving a sleek trail in its way.
