 It was maelstrom of fleeting thoughts. Zoey cycled through them all, one after the other, each as unsustainable as the last. She was glad to be with Carmen, though that meant being stowed under her desk for the meantime, but Gretchen was out there. Stalking the halls. Her heels had probably cracked under the force of her steps. Had the black eye set in yet? Would it even show through her makeup?

Zoey glanced to her side, away from her knees. Her skirt had fallen down her legs, bunched up around her waist and hips, allowing anyone who glanced at her the opportunity to observe her cock. It didn't reach as far as it once did, not that she could discern. She didn't dare check and, instead, remained frozen place. Everyone would look her way if she made a move.

Time passed at an indecipherable pace. A minute, an hour might have passed and she wouldn't know. Was it still first period? Her only choice was to wait for class to end, for her sanctuary to be destroyed. Gretchen would find her after that. Then what? She could fight, but no one could predict how many would come to the blonde's aid. If she did, she would be expelled, something she didn't want on her permanent record. Especially when Gretchen's mother had connections to near every college within a five-hundred mile radius.

"A few more minutes," Carmen whispered from above, an angelic voice that parted the grey clouds in Zoey's head. She looked to the honour student, satisfied with staring at her knees, past which she glimpsed a set of plain underwear. So different to what Gretchen wore, "There's a free period coming up. We'll head to the library."

"What about Gretchen?" Zoey asked, her voice nothing but a tiny squeak in her ears.

Carmen heard her though, "Dakota and Mary said they'll run interference on that front."

"Wow," Zoey steered her head back to its neutral position, chin rested atop her pursed knees and eyes gazing out into the sea of legs beyond, each controlled by Gretchen. The girl had her fangs and claws in them all, whether it was in the form of a ghostly rumour or a memory of her behaviour, she was always present, fuelling their fear. Except for three in the entire school.

How? The deceptively simplistic question hung on Zoey's brain. Its austerity laid buried, adorned by a mountain of all the other questions that surfaced, about whether it was as easy as a choice, or if the ability came from something deeper. A difference in pedigree? No. Carmen was poor, and Dakota and Mary were upper middle-class at worst. It couldn't be so simple as personality.

"Time to go," Carmen said, seconds before the painful sputtering of the bell. The machine was admirable in a way. Despite being broken, left to rust without a second-thought, it still persisted. Zoey crawled from her hiding place and took a parting glance at Carmen's luscious, milky thighs, "Don't run. Just walk. If all goes well, you'll blend in."

And what if I don't? She wanted to ask, but kept silent. Zoey nodded as she came to stand beside the top-tiered student. She wavered as a wave of vertigo hit her and grabbed the desk for stability. A glance down revealed the cause. She was tall again. Not as high as before, but above average. It was too great a coincidence for her to stand up for herself and to grow back to near her original height. Not to mention the warm sensation she'd experienced earlier.

"Let's go," Carmen said. She grabbed Zoey's wrist and pulled her along. Outside, the throngs of students masked most of the school. Zoey glanced side to side, eyes wide and observant for the crown of platinum blonde locks she dreaded. No sign of her. A collective blanket of relief descended upon the crowd when they also noticed.

Carmen didn't pause to enjoy the reprieve. Her feet navigated the student body with practised ease, the kind that came from years of being ignored, remaining on the outskirts, away from distraction and prying eyes. The sacrifices one had to make to stay at the top of the class. And to ignore Gretchen's hurtful eyes? She spied another outcast teen, who clung to the wall and was passed over by everyone else. Someone mentioned Gretchen and she stiffened.

No, being ignored didn't grant immunity. Then what? Frustration infiltrated her thoughts, not just for the gross hold Gretchen held on her, nor the cloud of disdain and antipathy that clung to the students, but for how she couldn't fathom Carmen's ability. How this girl could somehow be so poor that her clothes were riddled in holes, possess a body made for worship and excel academically, all while she was targeted by the school's queen bitch, and remain so strong? She'd seen girls from military families, trained by their parents to endure anything, be torn down by Gretchen.

It's not fair. And yet, it was that girl who defied the term fairness who was helping her. Zoey glanced to her wrist, clasped tight in Carmen's fingers, and back along the arm to the dark mane of silky hair. It narrowed toward the base of her spine, like an arrow pointed toward her firm rear, which presided over a set of long, voluptuous legs. So, so unfair, Zoey thought with a shake of her head.

"Okay, we're clear," Carmen said as they neared the library. After the past few months it had decayed, with fresh ivy creeping along its walls, encroaching on the windows. A sign outside made it clear that it was to be refurbished and repurposed. Gretchen's doing. She'd made the point to her mother that it would be better spent serving as an entertainment centre. One with an exclusive area for Gretchen of course. Ms. Blake agreed.

She always did. The principal's history was unclear, no one cared enough to ask and Gretchen didn't explain anything, but everyone knew she spoiled her manipulative slut of a daughter. Not that she saw it that way. Gretchen was a picture of misunderstood genius in her mind, one that deserved only top marks, of the level that put her one place below Carmen.

The stunning senior led her inside. The library was void of life. Faint streams of light filtered in amongst the vines along the windows and illuminated dust particles as they floated through the air, each incapable of finding space among the layers already on the rows of bookcases. Every book remained in place, disturbed only by one soul in the past months.

"Ugh, it was so nice here before," Carmen said, scrunching her nose at the musty air. She approached a table and pulled out a chair, sending dust flying everywhere, then took a seat, "Still, at least it's quiet."

It was. Zoey listened closely as she strode over to join her. None of the sounds she recognised from school penetrated the high walls around them, as if they'd entered a separate world, vacant and stale, but peaceful.

"This is kind of where we first met," Zoey said.

"Yeah," Carmen sighed and swiped at a layer of grime on the table top to lay her head atop it. She added, under her breath, "And when all this began."

"Hmm?"

"Nothing," Carmen sighed and raised her head, "We've got about an hour. Wanna tell me why you punched the scariest bitch in school?" She arched an eyebrow, lips tilted in a curious, excited smirk.

"You told me to," Zoey answered, "Um, I mean... you told me to stand up for myself. You were right."

"I'm glad," Carmen's smirk turned to a gentle grin, one of relief, as if she was invested in Zoey's development, "You look better now."

"What do you mean?" Zoey frowned. Did she know what was happening?

Carmen shrugged and looked away, "Just looks that way to me."

"Carmen, this... this will sound crazy but..." Zoey's throat clenched as she swallowed, tight around the ball of anxiety that trapped itself in her gullet. Air filtered past in a restricted flow. Enough for her to live, not to speak.

"I've heard a lot of crazy things," Carmen said, "Nothing you say will shock me."

"Well, I, uh, I..." Zoey gulped again, louder this time, "I think I'm shrinking."

Carmen's eyes bulged at the proclamation, but nothing else moved. Her lips remained pursed in a plump line, unfazed, "And growing?" She asked.

"Yes!" Zoey yelped, excited. She shied back and cleared her throat, "Sorry."

"Don't be," Carmen said and leaned forward, "No one else noticed?"

Zoey nodded, "Nobody. Not even my parents." What did that imply? That she and Carmen had a deeper connection than what she had with Rachel, with her own parents? She'd known the straight-A student for under a week. It didn't make sense.

"Strange," Carmen's gaze turned piercing as it travelled across Zoey's form. The athlete froze. She almost felt it as her body was observed, dissected by the gorgeous girl opposite her. What would she see? Would she like it? This might be a chance. Zoey straightened her posture and pressed her meagre chest out. She wanted to stand and give a better look at her entire body, but remained seated, keeping her penis concealed.

"Any idea what triggers it?" Carmen asked. She relaxed her stare.

"Kind of," Zoey shrugged and slouched, "I mean, I feel cold when I, when someone bullies me. Then I'm warm when I stop it."

"So, you act like a wuss and you shrink, and when you stand up you grow back a bit? Is that right?" Carmen simplified.

"Sounds about right," Zoey said.

"You'll be fine then," Carmen chuckled, "I mean, what's scarier than Gretchen?"

"Nothing," Zoey laughed, "Except maybe two of them."

"Oh god, don't. Last thing I want is to imagine two of those."

"What about three?"

"Weirdly, I think three would be easier," Carmen wondered, "They'd probably kill each other."

"Why not two?"

"Well, they'd do it eventually, but three would speed it up."

Zoey lowered her chin to hide the heat in her cheeks. A horrible scenario, yes, but three of Gretchen would make for an intriguing scene. The bitch thought herself above all others, so of course she'd adore having another copy of herself. It wouldn't take long for her to experiment. Gretchen 1 would kiss Gretchen 2, while the third stripped and groped the pair, before joining the action. Then they'd all turn to the only cock in the room; Zoey's. How would three sets of lips feel if her own, thinner pair were divine?

Her cock throbbed against its restraint. She clenched her thighs together and jerked back to a proper posture, face forward and hands tense on the table. Carmen's eyes flickered to them and thinned slightly.

"So, what caused this thing?" Carmen asked.

Zoey exhaled in gratitude. If Carmen noticed anything, she ignored it, a small mercy, but one Zoey hadn't seen in so long. The moment something caught Gretchen's eye, she called it out. A quick glance to a guy, and she was all over him, or if someone stared at her too long, she turned it into an insult for both herself and the other person. Unless they had a large bulge in their pants, then it became a conquest.

"I, uh, have no idea," Zoey said. She didn't. It was simple to blame it all on her spontaneous cock growth, or on the sudden feelings she held toward Carmen, even both, but that didn't make sense either. Growing a penis was one thing, but how could something so relatively minor make her shrink? Only a coincidence. Or magic, but, again, that was impossible.

"Hmm... Ever wonder if there's a god?" Carmen asked. Her eyes flitted to the right and lingered there, as though staring at something invisible to Zoey. Whatever it might be, she looked away soon after.

"Not really. I'd think they'd have done something about Gretchen by now," Zoey said.

"In every story I've read or heard, a god doesn't intervene directly. They help out through other means. Like urging someone to a goal that would free a country, or giving them a quest to save the world or something. I never paid attention to it myself. But," Carmen locked her dark blue stare on Zoey, "Maybe there's merit to it?"

"You think a god did this to me?" Zoey asked.

"Makes about as much sense as anything else," Carmen said.

"That seems cruel, though."

Carmen shrugged, "Maybe. Though I haven't heard of a god that doesn't dick around with someone."

"I guess so. Why would one give me this?" Zoey muttered and froze when she realised what she'd said.

"Give you what?" Carmen leaned over the table. A few feet still separated them, but Zoey swore she felt the girl's breath on her skin. A few simple moves and they'd be touching. She could get a feel for how soft this genius worker was, how she smelled and how she tasted. Oh yes, she needed a taste. Just something to fuel her activities that night.

"Uh, this curse," Zoey said and leaned away. A wave of coldness dampened her arousal and the world shifted. Everything grew taller, slight enough that she could easily miss it if she hadn't grown accustomed to the frequent change. Did lying also trigger it?

"You just shrank again," Carmen noted and sighed, "Listen. I know this is weird. It's insane. But you can't shy away anymore. If you do, then who knows what will happen. If someone shouts at you, shout back. If they want you to do something you don't want to, then tell them you don't."

"But that's... It's not who I am."

"Change is important," Carmen said with a glance toward herself. Her lip curled, but she couldn't tell if it was a smile or grimace.

"It's terrifying."

"To what? Say 'fuck off' to someone other than Gretchen?" Carmen teased.

"I didn't say that to her," Zoey mumbled.

"No, you punched her instead. If a random stranger snaps at you to, I don't know, hurry up with something, then you can just tell them to wait. Confronting someone, bully or otherwise, doesn't mean you have to be an ass," Carmen explained.

"That sounds so obvious," Zoey said.

"It is."

"So, what're you telling me to do here? I mean, you're the smart one."

"Not smart, just a hard worker," Carmen corrected, "And I'm not really telling you to do anything. Just giving some advice. Judging from what I've seen, you get taller when you fight back. It can be minor or huge. And you shrink when you basically roll over, even if it's just a simple question."

"That's pretty accurate," Zoey said.

"I don't have friends, so I tend to observe."

"What about Dakota and Mary?"

"Oh, yeah. I guess, they're my friends," Carmen trailed off. She leaned back in her chair and mused aloud, "Things keep on changing. I didn't think they could be so different."

Change? Yeah, that's what she had needed for so long. Zoey studied her hands, the same set she'd had for years now. They grew, and shrank in recent days, but stayed the same. As was true for the rest of her. She hadn't noticed any difference in her height since turning eighteen, her wardrobe was mostly the usual brown and red tones with a hint of black mixed in, even her hairstyle went unchanged. It was time for it.

Growing a cock and shrinking as she had was the greatest alteration to her life in the past few years. And look where it had taken her. Zoey raised her eyes. Those changes brought her here, to an abandoned library, sat opposite a gorgeous and studious girl, with a dull ache in her right hand and a million tumultuous thoughts. The loudest of which was; what would further change bring her?

A date? A kiss? More?

Quiet settled over the table. Sounds of wildlife and cars sifted inside, but went ignored. Zoey stared at Carmen in silence, trying, and failing, to find fault with her. An errant mole peeked over the neckline of her top, stark against her pallid complexion, yet it meant nothing. Carmen's left eyebrow was crooked, but still arched in an elegant line. 

There had to be something. Her breasts were too big. Blasphemy. They were asymmetrical. Not that she could see. Did her ass sag? She hadn't noticed any dip in the cheeks while they walked, aside from the sensual lift and fall of Carmen's assured strides. Perhaps her pussy was hairy or too meaty? Zoey stifled a laugh as she realised that it wouldn't matter what flaws this surreal beauty had.

I love you. The words died in her throat. This wasn't the time or place. Carmen already had to deal with Gretchen and schoolwork, now she had Zoey's problems on top of those. She didn't need another weight on her chest.

"Thanks," Zoey said.

"For stating the obvious?" Carmen asked.

"For helping me with, um, just about everything."

"You're welcome," Carmen took a glance at her watch, "I should go. Classes aren't far off. Plus I want to make sure Dakota and Mary are alright."

"Oh, yeah. Sure. Can I come too?"

"Not a good idea. You should probably law low for a day or two. Gretchen will take her anger out on someone, I think, then the storm should be mostly over," Carmen said. She stood and stretched, arms over her head as she arched her back, announcing her pert breasts to the world. Zoey snapped her eyes back to her hands, though they darted to Carmen's hips as she turned around, bag slung over a shoulder.

"Hey, uh... I've got some spare notebooks. In my locker. You can have them if you want?"

"No thanks."

"But-but aren't you gonna fall behind?"

"I'm already ahead," Carmen said, "I'll just have to cram for finals. Worst case, I have a few sleepless nights. So long as I get into the right college, it won't matter."

Zoey hurried to catch up and followed Carmen outside. She didn't dare go inside the main building, or venture any further from her temporary sanctum. Gretchen could be prowling the corridors, still enraged and prepped to murder anyone who crossed her path. Someone might've already fallen victim to her anger.

"Why bother with college?" Zoey blurted. She hadn't meant to say that, not aloud. No, speaking out was part of her reform. She wouldn't keep her words bottled up, not anymore. Where it was appropriate of course, "I mean, you're hotter than any model." Her cheeks boiled at the proclamation. If Carmen didn't know about her attraction, she did now.

"Doesn't pay enough."

"Are you kidding? They make a fortune."

"The popular ones do, yeah. But I don't want something so temporary. I need cash, influence. Something permanent," Carmen said.

"Like what?"

"Who knows? I've gotta go."

"Uh, wait!" Zoey said and pulled out her phone, "Uh, could I get your number? In case I need someone to talk to?"

"I guess. No calls though."

"Okay," Zoey stifled her disappointment in her glee and the gentle flame that flickered to life in her core. Texts were better than nothing. And besides, she thought as she entered Carmen's name into her contacts, she got her number, "I'll, uh, text you later. Okay?"

"Sure," Carmen waved goodbye and strode off to the main building. Zoey followed her path and saw Dakota and Mary waiting at the entrance, none the worse for wear. She watched them go inside and headed back home. Anything Megan could say or do to her, Gretchen would triple it. And she was confident she could overcome Megan.

"Again. Easier said than done," Zoey groaned. But she'd do it. Yes, she would. Without a doubt this time. The distasteful pain in her hand was her reminder, a medal that proved she'd graduated from the terrified Zoey she once was.

Zoey stopped at the foot of her home. It lacked any sign of life, but Megan secluded herself in her room, only leaving for necessities and to go out. The chances of her leaving on a weekday were slim, since her usual crowd would be at college, or trying to maintain a modicum of a healthy life. Without reason to leave, she would sit in her room, probably naked and fixated on her laptop, on the illusion she'd crafted. Zoey had stumbled upon her masquerading as some prestigious girl dozens of times in the past.

Why would she want a better life than this? Zoey wondered, for the umpteenth time. Their family wasn't rich, but they were well enough. She clasped the doorknob, simple bronze painted in silver to stand out against the royal blue of the door. A two story house, four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room and kitchen, and a set of parents able to provide whatever was needed. Yet Megan still wanted more.
