 Life is strange. It throws absurdities at people without warning. Mary having a dick was one, and Dakota being gay was another, then Zoey... Now Ashley had been afflicted. The signs were clear after the first three. Rachel hadn't blinked when Dakota acted weird, she had expected the girl was gay or at least bi, but the former queen bee of Saint Puella was another matter. By how she behaved, it almost seemed like Mary hadn't been born a shemale. But it would explain why she was so eager to get implants.

Rachel tapped her foot, chewing on a mouthful of jammed toast. It was burnt from their faulty toaster, and Leah refused to buy a new one out of pocket, so she was stuck with the charred bread until their parents came home. Next month. Great.

"Got everything you need?" Leah asked as she fiddled with her uniform. She waitressed at a small café, a nice enough place with good tips for a buxom girl like her. 

"Yeah," Rachel sighed and drowned the taste of cinders with her sister's milk.

"Hey! I was gonna drink that," Leah pouted.

"Yeah, sure. Not like you need any more milk," Rachel said with an unsubtle look at Leah's breasts, "Besides, I'm the runt, so I need every drop I can get."

"Don't call yourself that," Leah said, eying her sadly. Rachel bit back her response and left to stand beside her sibling's third-hand car, while Leah strolled into the driveway. They were sisters through blood alone. Few hints gave it away. The green eyes and slight crook they shared were offset by Leah's wider face, which lacked the splay of freckles Rachel sported, and her physique. Where Rachel was lithe and small, her sister towered.

"I'd kill to look like you," Leah added once in the vehicle. It smelled of her work, several discarded bags of leftovers crowded the backseat, forcing Rachel upfront. She curled her lip at the mess.

"I thought you were gonna clean up."

Leah shrugged, "I was, but..."

"Whatever. Give me five bucks and I'll do it for you," Rachel said.

"Deal! Would've paid you ten," Leah snickered under her breath.

"Then I'll take ten," Rachel smirked. Eavesdropping was a common skill, but one that she excelled at. Made speaking behind her back a dangerous affair. Or Gretchen's.

The drive wasn't long. Traffic dragged it out, as did Leah's taste in radio stations, but after fifteen minutes the ordeal was done. She waved goodbye to her slovenly sister and walked through the gates of Saint Puella, glad to have a few minutes before Gretchen arrived with the principal. People sifted through, carried by obligation alone. Another week and the year was over, then it was time for a repeat. Rachel smoothed her hair against the wind and repressed a groan. She'd be glad to leave the school next year.

Sooner if that bitch just let things go. Time heals all wounds, but grudges can last forever. In Gretchen's case, that was true, and everyone would suffer for it. She envied those who had dropped out, but if she followed them, who knew what Gretchen would do.

Unless something happened before then. Rachel sat on the steps outside the building, pondering her phone while her leg bounced. There was a pattern, she was certain of it, all centred around that honour student. Dakota encouraged them to use the library to hang out, where Carmen was before, then Mary went a step too far with her, Zoey had been made to ransack Carmen's locker, then there was Ashley's side. If she knew the truth, that Rachel was the mastermind behind her recent troubles, then she would have been targeted instead.

Carmen was responsible. It couldn't be coincidence that they messed with her in some way, acted strange, then started hanging out with her. Zoey especially wouldn't just cut ties with Rachel for a new friend. Unless there was more to it than that. She'd seen how Zoey eyed Carmen, she recognised it for her own.

"Fuck!" Rachel snapped, startling a pair of first-years into the building. She shouldn't feel this way, not about someone else. It made sense with Zoey, a girl she'd known for years and knew better than anyone, not for the other. She pushed the thoughts aside, striding from her own reverie to see Gretchen strut down the cracked path, tanned skin glimmering in the sun and plastic tits all but popping from their cage. A treat for the eyes and a curse elsewhere.

"Sup?" Gretchen said as she came to a stop. Her mother walked in ahead of her, saying nothing of her child's shirt.

"So, how'd it go last night?" Rachel asked, already ignoring the blonde as she spoke about the guy she'd fucked. A few points of interest snuck in, such as how Gretchen managed to get a threesome together. To say nothing else of the bitch, she knew how to get what she wanted. The one-sided conversation ended as Ashley walked toward them. Rachel blinked and looked to her phone, then back again, certain it was a mirage of sunlight. She glanced at Gretchen and found a snarl on her lips.

Ashley wore a typical black t-shirt despite the warmth. The neckline had torn, no doubt from the strain of its newest occupants, deforming the elegant embroidery on her chest. Rachel gulped and averted her gaze. The last thing Ashley would want is attention drawn to them, if her hunched shoulders and flushed cheeks were anything to judge.

Though Gretchen had no such morals.

"What the fuck happened to you, cow-tits?" Not a new insult, but rarely heard. It must've been a while since the last one, since Ashley jerked and tried hugging her breasts. They wouldn't be hidden, however, and bulged through her shirt like muffins. Gretchen's jaw clenched.

"N-nothing. J-j-j-just, uh... my period? Yeah, my period," Ashley explained. If only, Rachel thought with a glance to her own pitiful chest, barely enough to announce her gender. She wore her hair long for that reason, detesting how boyish her figure was.

"If you got yourself new implants, I'm gonna fuck you up," Gretchen warned. What an idiot. Anyone could tell that Ashley was natural. They jiggled and oozed around her arms, whereas Gretchen's swayed ponderously if she whipped around too fast.

"I didn't. I-I-I swear."

Placated, Gretchen turned to Rachel next, "Don't know why you don't get some work done, shrimp." So it's one of those days. Gretchen would often vent her frustrations on her or anyone else nearby. After dealing with Ashley, she was the only option left. Everyone else had hurried inside when Gretchen appeared.

"Wouldn't look good on me," Rachel said, an answer made not to offend Gretchen at all. If anything, it was a compliment. With her tan, personality and wardrobe, fake boobs suited her better than they did most. Mary was a close second, though hers looked more natural every day, and perhaps Carmen Robins could pull them off. No, hers were huge enough. Rachel caught the thought before it could run with her imagination and quashed it.

"What're we doing today?" Rachel asked, distracting herself.

"Ugh, mom's going through the classes today, something about explaining next year. We're stuck until she finishes with all of our lessons," Despite her demeanour, Gretchen wouldn't go against her mother so outright. Perhaps she had a conscious after all. Rachel doubted it. If the principal accepted the truth about her daughter, then all her freedom would vanish. Never to be found again.

"Since when do you care?" Rachel asked, "Just ditch, and tell her it was an emergency or something."

"Can't chance it. With all that shit last month, she's being a real fucking bitch. Like it's my fault Zoey's a freak. She got what she deserved." Rachel kept her silence. Why did Zoey have to get caught up in whatever Carmen was doing? The answer whispered back, contorted with jealousy, 'because Carmen likes her too'. They could already be dating. It would explain why Zoey hadn't so much as texted Rachel. Unless she didn't mean that much to her.

Rachel quelled the very idea. They belonged to different sides of the social spectrum now. Any number of people would gladly spread rumours to get into Gretchen's good graces, more so if it meant debasing someone close to her, and Rachel had no allies, but no enemies either. People feared her by association.

If Zoey spoke to her, text or otherwise, and someone got wind of it, then Gretchen would hear it too. Rachel would become another target, likely outed for a lesbian, and she didn't have Carmen to rely on like the others seemed to. Nothing could ever be easy.

"S-sorry, gotta go," Ashley said and rushed into the building. She walked differently, and her voice had a loftiness to it, like she wasn't part of the same reality anymore. Rachel watched her disappear into the halls, eyes wide as they caught the bulges on Ashley's chest. Massive tits or not, nipples of that size were abnormal. Freakish, even. What had Carmen done to her?

It hadn't stopped all night. Sleep was skittish and what little Ashley had clung to didn't amount to much. She was ready to crumble any moment. Makeup obscured the dark rims of her eyes and an anxious energy kept her moving. The culprits stirred beneath her clothes, which already strained to hide them.

Bathroom. She needed to hide before someone saw her. Perhaps they'd help her. The thought was crushed, its dying gasps silenced by realism. No one would help her. All they would do is report it to Gretchen, embellished to shame her further, and her social life would be over. It already was, part of her noted. Her parents were in talks about giving away their excess wealth; Gretchen wouldn't need her anymore.

"Sorry," Ashley squeaked when she bumped into someone and went to scurry away, but she mistakenly glanced up from the floor. She'd collided with Carmen, behind whom Zoey and Mary also stood, and now met her dark, baleful stare. Fear didn't force Ashley back into motion, rather it was the terror of her desire. She almost dropped her arms, the only things that hid her hideous endowments.

Carmen said nothing to her and returned to her friends, "We'll get by somehow. Don't worry."

Get by? Ashley rushed around them and into a nearby bathroom. Moisture suctioned her clothes to the skin, while her cocks rebelled, tenting the garments as she hurried to tear them away. She crashed into a stall and locked it. Moans and gasps slipped out when she removed the dampened attire, their slick forms rubbing her sensitive flesh. Her cocks flopped into the open.

This was karma for what she'd done. It didn't matter that Rachel had thought of it, or that Gretchen had urged her to do it, or even that she'd only mentioned it to her parents in passing. She'd caused everything. Carmen must be on the verge of homelessness, those clothes screamed poverty. Didn't she have a little sister?

Ashley sank to the toilet, hissing at the cool porcelain against her balls. Guilt and lust warred for attention, each horrible as the other for separate reasons, though the latter had the advantage. She brushed her breast, a torrid moan heralded a drop of pre-cum at her trio of dicks, and lust had its foothold. It corralled her reason and took her hands, placing them against her tits. They had firmed overnight, filled with cum.

What a freak, Ashley thought as she slowly stroked her inhuman phalli. The one spawned from her crotch was normal, albeit thicker than her fist despite its length, and throbbed in longing. She left it alone for now, preoccupied with the leathery feel of her nipples.

The areolae had darkened and thickened to resemble her members Where her nipples once sat, was a fat circle of flesh, from which her new anatomy extended. Her cocks were smooth, covered in dense skin broken only by the occasional vein. The heads flared and slanted to the tip, where her urethra jutted. She hadn't dared research the shapes, afraid of what she might find.

Heat played across her hands as she stroked. It fed off her touch, in turn strengthening the lust pumping in her veins. Her tits weighed on her shoulders, pulling her down until they were crushed between her knees and chest, and put her face within inches of a cock. It was black-skinned, an onyx shade that didn't belong on the human body, and had a protrusive opening. Murky pre-cum oozed from it.

Each breath caught in her throat. She could taste its musky tang if she breathed through her mouth, feel it dragging her closer, until her nose was saturated in its odour. If only someone could look at her then. They'd see a freak, not just in body, but in mind. Ashley handled her breast until the rigid cock brushed her lips, whimpered, then engulfed the first few inches.

Hints of her cum lingered amongst its own salty flavour, mixed with an earthy tang that lured her in. Ashley bobbed along the head and shaft, slow and tortuous, while her tongue toyed with the glans, slipping over it all and poking at the urethra to lap up the addictive pre. As the pleasure grew, she deepened her motions and suckled on the head. The veins pulsed against her maw and flooded her with warmth as she moaned.

Her other hands worked in concert like a slut's would. When her mouth slowed to savour the taste, which burrowed deep into her saliva, pouring over her tongue as she drooled, they picked up the slack. She squeezed toward the heads of her other cocks, urging thicker globs of pre-cum out to use as lube. The more she got, the faster and smoother she moved.

Before long, the head reached her throat. A brief sliver of sobriety broke through as she wondered if Mary or Zoey had tried this, then it was swallowed in a tirade of fantasies. She saw them both, Zoey was taller than everyone and rightfully endowed, while Mary sported her usual bravado with tits the size of basketballs. They both doubled in on themselves, backs arched and tits flattened between their own bodies, cocks at the ready. And there she was with them, sucking herself like a true slut.

Her moans reached a crescendo. She fucked her own face, dove down the full length and buried her nose in the sweat and grime laden balls, before pulling back to gasp for air. Only a second later and she returned. Spit flung from her lips. Ropes found her cheeks and chin, a river poured between her heaving tits, both taut with cum. She rocked her hips to her own rhythm, thrusting her human dick between her boobs.

That was an idea. Ashley spread her breasts and jerked her cock upright, then caught it between them. Drool and pre-cum lubricated the way. It slid between her tits, pulsing against them, and to her slobbery lips. She switched between cocks now. Subtle flavours separated them, yet all mixed together in her spit as she all slavered them in her decadence.

"Hmm! More," Ashley gasped each time she came free, as if the demand would be heard and fulfilled. It seemed so, as her cocks spurted pre-cum like small fountains. It landed in her hair, glued an eye shut, even clogged her nose. Her pussy wept in envy, so she spread her legs until it squelched against the toilet, then ground into it. If only she had a dildo. The answer brushed her ankle; someone had left a plunger behind

The handle must be mostly clean. So long as she didn't use the wrong end, then it was fine. Ashley held a cock tight in her mouth as she changed positions and grabbed the tool. She straddled the toilet like a cowgirl, ass arched high, while her cock was buried in her tits. A few missed thrusts later and she got her cunt. The handle wasn't thick, but enough to satisfy her crazed needs. She returned to sucking her trio of dicks, while her pussy slobbered over a common household item.

"Hmph! So good, so fucking good," Ashley moaned.

"I'll be right back!" Someone said. Ashley ignored them, so caught in her pleasure that anything else was like a dream, intangible and unimportant. She bucked against the plunger, driving deeper until the plastic tip bumped her cervix. It should've hurt, or at least felt uncomfortable, but she found only bliss.

"Oh my god! Guys, get in here! Someone's fucking themselves in the toilet."

Ashley moaned harsher as her cocks swelled. Her balls all trembled when she touched them. The scent was stronger now as she throated her nipples, and her pre-cum had thickened to a cloudy paste. Her fluids dripped to the floor, puddling around the toilet. 

"I can't see who it is."

"Must be pretty desperate."

"Bet Gretchen will wanna hear about it."

"Wait, isn't that cum?"

"Holy shit, it is!"

Another moment and Ashley couldn't hold back. She threw her head back and howled her orgasm. Her muscles locked up, slight twitches rang through her, as ecstasy throbbed through her. Her toes curled, her eyes rolled and her cocks exploded. Cum from her nipples splattered the walls, rebounding to land in her hair and face, while her 'normal' dick sprayed into the air and rained upon her quivering ass. Her pussy shared in the release, strangling the plunger.

"Fuck, that's a lot!"

"How many guys are in there?"

"Who cares? It's probably Gretchen anyway. Come on, let's go."

The door opened and shut, taking with it Ashley's blissful ignorance. She panted through the afterglow, staring at the mess she'd made of herself. The clang of the plunger falling from her pussy startled her, which brushed her cocks against the basin. Her flagging erections surged to life once more.

"No, no, no..." Ashley tried to stand, but her legs gave out beneath her and she fell to the floor. The impact should have hurt, regardless of how well padded her ass was, yet her body became alight with pleasure. She eyed the cum sliding down the wall, then at herself. One more time couldn't hurt.

One more didn't. The subsequent three, however, drained her to the brink of unconsciousness. Ashley finally stopped at that point, glad that her cocks were exhausted, though her bladder wasn't. She slumped atop the toilet, waiting for the strange sensation of urination to come. Sometimes it came from her dick, sometimes her pussy. Either way, she'd found the experience uncomfortably delightful, as if her body was being massaged from the inside.

"There's a thought," Ashley said and giggled as she poked one of her nipples, finding the hole where her cocks rested. The touch sent a tremor of lust through her. Thankfully, her body seemed finished. Then she peed.

She locked her legs around the bowl and moaned, shivering through the moment as if an orgasm had overtaken her. The seconds it took to pee stretched into clouded minutes, refuelling her desire. Panting, her breasts tingled and her nipples opened once more. She glanced at the plunger again.

"No, fuck that," Ashley grunted and clenched her muscles, cutting off the flow. She stood, flushed and got dressed, gritting her teeth against how her clothes rubbed her skin. They felt less like clothes and more akin to a skilled hand stroking her pussy, riling her up until she gave in.

"What's happening to me?" Ashley asked her reflection. Her makeup had smeared from the spit and cum, bringing her haggard state to the limelight, and her hair was ruined. Jizz crusted several parts of it. Her cum. She leaned on the sink but recoiled as if shocked, then touched it again. It was as if her clit was touching it, not a finger.

"Can't be here, can't be here, can't be here," Ashley muttered under her breath as she paced the bathroom, then stopped as the rubbing of her thighs turned her words to moans. She pinched a nipple, hoping the sharp pain would hinder her libido. Instead, her legs gave out as her many cocks lurched. Did anything hurt anymore?

She remembered listening in on one of Gretchen's many trysts. The guy had gone several times in a row, then complained that it was painful. By her estimate, she'd exceeded him and nothing hurt. Even the usual ache that should accompany so many orgasms was absent. If she gave her libido just an inch of leeway, it would take hold. So tempting... just to lose herself in it, to drown out everything she hated, to escape reality and Gretchen. That wasn't life, though.
