 Tiny and cramped, claustrophobic even. Carmen held her sister close, soothing away the worries of the day. All their meagre belongings crowded the space around the bed, and on a lone island of blankets, their mother laid in a fitful sleep. The bed, while an improvement, offered little space for herself, much less Melody. That didn't keep Carmen awake, but a boiling rage at the statuesque figure that hovered nearby.

"It didn't work," Carmen said in the morning. She left the motel in freshly stained clothes, what created them she didn't want to think of, and with a vibrant darkness beneath her eyes. She didn't bother smoothing the wrinkles in her skirt.

"It will," Ryuka said, "The Futa Note is unstoppable. Whatever is written, will come to pass so long as it's within the target's power."

"Yeah, right. I ruined Ashley for nothing."

"Not for nothing. You wanted revenge, and you got it. I'd say that you're even now."

"I should've written Gretchen's name," Carmen muttered and shivered. Even her tainted body was repulsed by the idea of Gretchen being enamoured with her. She paused at a bakery. The sunlight turned the glass display into a reflection of herself. Take away the shabby garments and she could pass for an escort. Around the corner, she found a strip club. Perhaps her body could be put to use.

"Don't you dare," Ryuka said.

"Why not?" Carmen didn't react to Ryuka's apparent mind-reading anymore, "I need money. Mom's too busy to look for work, Melody's too young and I... I look like you."

"Because you're better than that place. I've been inside those places before, they're disgusting. I'll never understand why you humans lust after what you can't have. Just take what you can and enjoy it. And you, Carmen, can take anything."

Carmen sighed. Kindness seemed like a blot on reality, a tenacious, unwelcome bug that refused to die. She kept her words silent and continued to school, maybe her last day there. Alicia's savings were worse than she thought. A few nights at the motel, then nothing. Concrete would be their beds, carboard their home, and danger their constant companion. All sorts walked the streets at night. She wouldn't put Melody in danger like that.

Her friends waited at the school gates. Dakota walked forward first and hugged her.

"I'm sorry about what happened. You can always stay with me," Dakota said.

"Or me," Mary added.

"If you need anything, tell me," Zoey said.

"Thanks," Carmen nodded and continued into the building. Outside her classroom, she paused. A group of girls stood off to the side, the usual set that lingered for long as possible while they chatted about whatever vapid topic took their fancy. Today, however, they had her attention.

"Ashley hasn't been in for ages has she?"

"No. Haven't seen her with Gretchen since last week."

"She looked weird. Like her tits were bloated."

"Maybe she got implants?"

"Did they get infected or something? She might be dying."

Carmen strode to her desk and withdrew the Futa Note from her bag. None of her friends shared the class with her, and the spaces around her had been vacant since the semester started. Not even one page had been used, so her eyes soon found Ashley's entry, the largest of the four. By comparison, Dakota's seemed insignificant. Everyone else had something extra to them, a punishment to some extent. And Mary still couldn't wear anything that didn't reveal the majority of her body.

Why didn't she just remove those parts? They were her friends now, had shown her nothing but kindness, and she kept them in a constant flux of transformation, except Dakota. Carmen shut out the suggestion. It was through these details that she improved their lives, and so it would remain. Even if they were no longer necessary.

The honour student blocked the other entries from her thoughts and focused on Ashley's. Had she truly written it? Since when did she even think of replacing nipples with phalli? It seemed too much, added with the constant swelling and rise in sensitivity. As she read, however, her own penis and pussy warmed. Her heartbeat travelled from her chest and between her thighs. She glanced up and saw Ryuka's knowing gaze.

"I knew you were a pervert," the Seikogami said and floated to lounge behind Carmen, "See, you set it all up. You'll get a fortune."

"But nothing's happened yet," Carmen said through clenched teeth, both to keep her voice quiet and to stem the flow of vitriol she wanted to unleash. It would be unfair to Ryuka. Liar or not, she hadn't forced Carmen into anything. That honour belonged to Gretchen. Always her. If and when the chance arose, Carmen would destroy her. 

"It will. But that's not all you're worried about is it?" Ryuka asked.

"No." She didn't want to imagine what she'd done to Ashley. If the words came to fruition, then the rich girl would cum just by urinating, and she knew how the book affected libidos. She hadn't used it on herself, yet she fought every minute to keep her desires under control.

"She won't die, if that's your concern."

"She won't live either." Carmen sighed, "Do me a favour and check on her."

"I don't work for you. At least not for free."

"What do you want then? I'm not writing another name," Carmen added.

Ryuka scoffed at her, "Fine, what about giving that Dakota girl something? I think she's got a thing for balls. Why not double up on her?"

"No," Carmen said, later than she'd have liked, "What about oranges? If the book does what it's supposed to, I'll buy you dozens of them."

"Hmm," Ryuka's lip twitched in discontent, "Fine. But you better keep your end later." She said and vanished through the window, flying above the unsuspecting masses, breasts and dick riding the wind roused by her massive wingbeats.

An hour passed before she returned. Carmen sat beside Zoey, sharing her notes to help her learn more than the depressed teacher would ever impart. The athlete's presence calmed her. Something about her height, dips and arches of her muscles, and smile made it seem like what she'd done wasn't awful. She glanced at her bag. The Futa Note had helped people, she had helped them.

She spotted Ryuka in the hall after the bell rang. The Seikogami beamed at her from the ceiling. Whatever she'd seen had aroused her. Her cock stood erect and dribbled pre-cum over the floor. People slipped in it but didn't question why, just cursing their shoes or clumsiness, even those who got doused in the stuff were no wiser. How Ryuka didn't spent her days abusing such a power bewildered Carmen.

"I need the bathroom. See you at lunch," Carmen said. The nearest bathroom was void of life, aside from the occasional insect. She shut herself in a stall, unwilling to look at her reflection. Ryuka quickly joined her.

"I don't know if you intended it or not, but I love your brain," Ryuka said and hugged her.

"Get off," Carmen shoved her back, grimacing at the cock sliding against her body -- and how it made her crave more.

"Sorry, forgot you don't like fun," the Seikogami pouted, but her tone remained jovial, "Anyway, Ashley's still kicking, like I said she would be. But..."

Carmen sighed, "But?"

"She's just cumming. I watched her for an hour and she didn't stop once. When I thought she was finished, she just poked herself and boom!"

"Great," Carmen groaned and pinched the bridge of her nose. Her head throbbed in dismay.

"You don't sound happy."

"Of course not. I'm an idiot. Aside from what I've done to her, she can't fulfil the Futa Note's command this way. Even if it influenced her family in some way, I imagine that she has to finalise it. As she is, she can't do that."

"Then change it to something she can handle."

"Yeah," Carmen found the book and looked over the entry again. When she erased it, she would have the same amount of time to redo it all. However, in the privacy of her mind, she didn't want to. Ashley deserved to suffer in some way. Trapped in her orgasms seemed merciful enough, "Or add something."

"Oh, I think we're going to get along if this keeps up," Ryuka later said once Carmen slid the book away. She'd need to wait until after school to test the addition, but she doubted the book would fail. It hadn't before, she'd simply misjudged its power. The saying went 'ignorance is bliss', but it irked her. Ignorance is dangerous.

Anticipation dragged out her classes into numbing sessions of staring and pondering. She didn't study, having covered all the information necessary for exams, and found herself eying the Futa Note more often. The idea that Dakota was plain, that she should have more, wouldn't leave her be. She couldn't. Out of their group of four, she was the most average, if that were possible for futanari, and therefore most relatable. She could have a normal life beyond them.

Although, if she hadn't reminded Mary, and Gretchen, that the library existed, none of this would have occurred. She'd never have found the Futa Note, slipped under Gretchen's notice, sailed through school. Her family would still be at home, and she might have still been with Stacy. Dakota had set everything in motion. Just being a futanari didn't cover the damage. She deserved more.

"She doesn't," Carmen said to herself. She'd like it. The thought somehow had a sultry tone, like Ryuka's natural voice, a gentle huskiness that both annoyed and enticed her. She looked to the Seikogami, who swam through the air, whacking her absurd member against random people to amuse herself. Their eyes met.

"What're you thinking about?" The words came through clearer than if they were spoken. Carmen brushed at her ear, expecting -- hoping -- to find another Ryuka there. Nothing.

"What the hell?" Carmen whispered. Ryuka's eyes broadened, then she chuckled and came over, plopping her breasts upon the desk, almost radiating pleasure.

"You can hear my thoughts?"

"That's what that was?"

"This is incredible. I could tune into your head weeks ago, but I thought that was simply my getting used to you. But you're able to tap into mine? Oh, how exciting!" Ryuka giggled, her hips shimmied like a dog wagging its tail. The cheeks clapped together each time.

"What does it mean?" Carmen hissed, wary of using her apparent telepathy.

"What do you think? I only have a vague idea myself."

"I'm turning into one of you. That's it, right? Because we're becoming similar, our thoughts are linked or something?"

"That's what I'm thinking. There's no precedent, so I don't know for certain. Could be that the book is opening our minds to each other. It was mine after all."

Carmen pulled her bag closer. If that was the case, then the book was more dangerous than she thought. Her mind belonged to her, no one else, but now Ryuka could peer in at any time... "Wait, you said you could read my mind for weeks."

"Well, not read so much as get a couple of words here and there. Don't worry, even now it's still unclear. Unless you're relaxed, I can't get a good signal."

Carmen's cheeks burned nonetheless, "Stay out of my head."

"Or what?"

"Or I'll use the book to get rid of all oranges. It's powers are potentially limitless, correct?"

"Fine," Ryuka huffed, "But feel free to look around in mine. I'm always an open book."

"No thank you." But it could be useful, she thought. No situations came to mind for the moment, so she stored the possibility in the back of her mind. For now, she needed to prepare herself for when after school. Once the day was over, all her monetary woes would be cleared. A better life for her family. A new house, Melody could have proper clothes, toys, and Alicia could pursue her passions. Things that had seemed like fantasies. If the book worked as intended.

The final bell startled her into action. Unlike many others, she preferred to sit back and wait for the clamour to quiet down, then make her exit. Not today. Carmen bolted to her feet and was first from the door. Murmurs and jeers followed her rush. She found Mary out front, waiting.

"So, what brought this on?" The blonde asked once they found her car parked around the block. It was a student's car through and through. Bits of the paintjob chipped free and stains spattered across its windows. Birds had taken a chance at making it a Jackson Pollock, their work clear despite a recent wash. The interior had been cleaned, with soft seats and a coconut air freshener.

"I'm making amends," Carmen said.

"How so? She put you in hell, and you broke her nose. Still seems unfair to me."

"Well," Carmen let a smirk slip, "I'm hoping to take her from Gretchen."

"Oh? Sounds devious. Like something I would do," Mary said.

"I'm not going to bully her into it. Just make it clear who has her better interests in mind."

"To be honest, I've missed her," Mary said, "Even before, um, you know what happened, I had a bit of a crush on her."

"Really? I thought you'd like someone more out there."

"She's cute," Mary shrugged and turned onto another road. They were in the better cared for districts now, surrounded by artisan shops and business buildings, the sidewalks spotted with trees.

"And her curves have nothing to do with it?" Carmen teased.

"Duh, have you looked at her ass? Hmm... delicious."

They shared a laugh and settled into silence, listening to the radio while Carmen took in the ever-changing landscape. The car drove down a stretch of land, undeveloped save for the road, but clearly tended to. In the distance, a structure loomed, attached to smaller buildings on either side. Several vans were parked outside with large men moving to and from them, loading pieces of furniture or artwork. They never entered the home in empty-handed.

"Okay, that's weird."

"Yeah, weird," Carmen gulped when they closed in. The manse seemed to spring from its dictionary definition. Ornate pillars supported the balcony that hung over the entrance, all made from marble and free of vegetation. The sun struck and bounced off them, dazzling her. The smaller structures seemed to be recreational rooms of sorts. Or servant's quarters. Such a place must require an expansive staff.

And yet, her family now called a motel room home. Her foot brushed her bag and temptation whispered in her ear. Carmen took a long breath. This could be their life soon.

"Let's go," Carmen said. Standing outside, she held some hope that the interior might not be as enormous, which vanished with one step inside. Vases, busts, paintings, diamonds, chandeliers and furnishings all shimmered around her. She didn't linger on the numerous silhouettes of what had already been taken. The dizzying walls led to a massive stairway that splintered into two directions, joined by a banister. The men treated them like spectres, working with a detached efficiency.

Mary led her through one of many doors. The floor changed from flawless marble to a rustic wood, varnished to a lush sheen. More pathways lined the hallway, but they ignored them all. No maids or butlers stopped them, though they passed a dozen. Carmen kept her gaze planted ahead, depressed by the mere thought of Ashley's overwhelming wealth.

They stopped outside a door at the end. It stood out from the rest, painted in drizzles of colour and adorned with a plaque inscribed with Ashley's name. The air around it seemed stale, a musty aroma of disuse clung to the walls, like no one had been around it for several days. Carmen quashed her sympathy. She didn't have time to fret over Ashley, and the sooner she left this place the better.

"Ashley?" Mary asked after knocking. All they got in answer was a howling moan, followed by dull, heavy splats against walls, then a barrage on the door itself. Both jumped back at the impact.

"Um, what the fuck was that?" Mary asked.

"Y-yeah," Carmen forced an ignorant smile, "Let's find out."

"Seriously?" Mary groaned, but she didn't move when Carmen took the handle. She found it was unlocked and pushed inside.

Her first step inside squelched on the carpet, sending shivers up her spine. The room was dark, but the column of light she unleashed brought out the white slop strewn about. Ropes of the stuff fell from the ceiling and splattered against the covered floor. Carmen gulped and took a breath. Bad idea, she soon thought and pinched her nostrils shut. The air reeked of stagnant cum, overlaid by fresher produce. Her own penis lurched against her skirt.

"Holy fuck!" Mary gasped when she saw it. Carmen nodded and pushed in, ignoring how the semen soaked into her shoes and socks, squishing between her toes. She bit her lip. It doesn't feel good, she thought, not at all. Opening the door displaced the goop and forced it to ooze out into the hall. Mary grunted in what should've been disgust, but Carmen detected lust within the noise.

They waded through the muck toward a bed at the centre. A shadowed figure writhed atop it, moaning and whimpering. Ashley laid on her stomach, fingers clawing at the mattress, while her hips rocked in anthem with her moans. Mary hung back and opened the door wider, further illuminating the scene.

Nothing was spared. Cum drooled down the walls, over drawers, a desk, even a tv. Lumps of what were perhaps clothes were macerated in the stuff. Through another door, Carmen saw a bathroom in a similar state. Ashley, herself, dripped with the stuff. Her belly bulged to the sides and her ass jiggled in her eternal orgasm.

"Ashley?" Mary said. Ashley moaned in response and the bed groaned under a renewed climax. It sank under Carmen's weight as she sat. She grimaced at how it squelched, and contemplated the girl before her. Not an inch of skin showed past the creamy layers of semen, though she was pale enough that it might blend in. She didn't seem aware another person was so close. Much less the one she probably lusted after more than any other.

"Hey," Carmen said and placed a tentative hand on her thigh. The resulting scream was muffled, yet still echoed in her ears. Cum poured from between her body and the bed, too saturated to absorb another drop, let alone gallons. It couldn't be gallons, Carmen thought and shuffled away to avoid the flow. Her skirt and legs were covered already, she wasn't about to let her top half be ruined.

When the flow subsided, Ashley panted into her pillow and turned over. Carmen held back her gasp, but Mary released it for her.

"What the actual fuck?" The blonde trudged through cum to stand over her former subordinate, now equipped with two flaccid phalli on her tits, and another, larger member draped over a pair of huge balls. As she would always be. She didn't deserve to be 'normal', regardless of how her fealty changed.

"Mary?" Ashley frowned and pushed herself up. Her breasts piled into her lap, both larger than her head -- several sizes beyond even Mary's massive set -- and she shivered. Carmen hadn't removed her sensitivity, merely offered an outlet for it, one that gave her control. The tri-cocked futa wiped the gunk from her eyes, then saw Carmen.

"C-C-C-C-C..."

"Yes?"

"I'm so sorry!" Ashley yelled and floundered to her knees, before bowing her head low. She quivered again, this time in fear, "I didn't meant to. Gretchen made me. I swear!"

"Of course she did," Carmen said, though she didn't comfort the girl.

"You... you believe me?"

"Why wouldn't I?"

"Thank you," Ashley breathed, though she didn't raise her head, "And for, um, helping me. I feel so much better. How did you do that?" Now she sat back. Her eyes struggled to keep focus and her voice had a muddled sound to it, likely from the only nourishment she could get. Carmen glanced at her belly, rounder than she remembered it being.

"Guess I have a talent for it," Carmen said.

"Anyway," Mary interjected, "Just how did your tits get so big so fast?" Carmen glanced at her, noting the blatant desire in her gaze, and the rising folds of her skirt. She'd almost forgotten that Mary couldn't use underwear, and now she saw its convenience as her penis swelled into the open.
