 Chapter 2 - Rebecca 

I stopped running and looked around. I was in the middle of nowhere. I had been running in a sea of golden wheat for hours. The only thing I had passed were a series of high-power wires that ran off to the north somewhere. 

The good news was, I had gotten away. The bad news was, I hadn't gone far nowhere near far enough, like to another continent or something. 

I looked around. Every direction was available. The bots were still a little way behind me, I couldn't hear them yet, but I knew they were going to catch up. The biosignature I was leaving in the wheat was going to be easy to follow. 

I pointed myself toward the sun. There had to be some houses between here and Denby. All this wheat and cattle, someone was ranching. It wasn't perfect, showing up on a stranger's doorstep, but at least they would have food and water. Out here had none of both. 

My water had run out almost an hour ago. I had passed two streams but drinking from those was out of the question. I knew better. 

North would have been a perfect choice if Haversine would have been reasonable and let me go, but I had a feeling it was going to be impossible for her. She was the kind of rancher that spread like a virus. And everything in her life was bought and paid for. 

That's why I had chosen to run this direction. Haversine was south and moving further south. Maybe she would expect me to take off in the opposite direction. It was going to be a pain in the ass to chase me, a waste of time and resources, and for what? In the end, I was a hired gun, protection. You could buy six bots and probably get about the same deal. She didn't need me. Not for a minute. 

But I knew Haversine saw it differently, and when I was six hours out, riding Jess, at a full gallop, I had heard two of her bots catching up with me. 

I killed them both, but I had lost the horses in the fight and it had put me on foot. 

Not the best place to be, especially with a bullet through your shoulder, but you know, I was carrying on as best I could. Stuck in the middle of fucking nowhere. 

And then...boop, like a little surprise straight from heaven. Here comes a futanari, naked as the day she was created, running as fast as she could go, right through the center of the same wheat field. 

At first, I thought I was dreaming. I mean, I thought I must be hallucinating. The lack of water mixed with the loss of blood. I looked around. I couldn't remember that last time I had seen a house, let alone a barn. 

I shook my head. Surely it was mirage, it was impossible that there could be a futanari running through a wheat field in the middle of the day. 

I stopped and listened. I could hear her cutting through the field, running as fast as her feet would carry her. 

Nope, it was real. She was about five-foot-tall, with long blonde hair that flowed like a ribbon in the wind behind her. She was mowing down the wheat in front of her and leaving a long, thin trail behind her. 

I waited. Usually, when people are running, it's because they are being chased. A few moments of patience might answer a lot of the questions that had just popped up. 

But I didn't see anyone chasing her. 

I wondered if she was a stray. Had to be. A naked futanari in a wheat field was not normal, not running like she was. She must have become cognizant and gotten away from her farm. 

It had been a couple weeks since I had read about the sabotage. It's not often something in the newspaper catches my interest, but the company that produced the drug that kept the futanari strain, shall we say, subdued, had been sabotaged. Someone had nixed the formula, so the last few months, they had been sending out drugs that didn't do what they thought they did. In fact, no one was sure what the saboteur had done to the medicine. It was still being investigated. 

She must have been one. Must have just woken up and realized what was happening to her. 

I shook my head. The world was a cruel place. 

I started toward her. She must have run away, gotten free somehow and started running. 

Adjusting my path to intersect hers, I did my best to catch up. She saw me and tried to turn the other way, but she was exhausted, covered in sweat and her hair was plastered to the sides of her face. 

I got within a few yards of her. 

"Hey, stop!" I yelled. 

My shoulder was killing me. The blood had already run down my shirt and halfway down my right thigh. I must have looked like I was about to die. 

The futa looked at me for a minute. I couldn't tell if or how cognizant she was. Did she understand language? Did she speak mine? She could have been an import. The blonde hair and blue eyes made me wonder if she wasn't from across the Atlantic. 

She turned and kept going. 

I groaned as her skinny ass waded through the wheat ten yards ahead of me. She wanted to run but she didn't have anything left. The skin along her legs was red and irritated from the leaves against her bare skin. She must have been running for miles. 

She started to jog. Her breasts bounced as she went. She looked young, maybe a season before her first breeding season, but someone had been milking her and taking care of her. 

Still, she was pretty. 

"Stop!" I yelled one more time before I pulled my gun. 

The weapon was heavy in my hand. I didn't want to do it - firing a gun was the last thing I wanted to do. The bots wouldn't be able to hear it, but the posse in charge of them, the group that had been following me in a truck for the last two days, might hear it. Either way, it was going to draw attention I didn't want. 

But I did want the young woman in front of me to stop. If nothing else, for her own safety. I took a deep breath and pointed the weapon in the air. 

Empathy, it wasn't something I was used to feeling. As far as I was concerned most people could go fuck themselves. But I remembered what it was like to wake up. 

They stop the Kurtalium right after your last extraction. There's no need for it any more. For the next stage of our existence, it helps if we are more...alert? Alive? Present? 

The medicine wears off slow, it's like the medicine is a coating of ice around your brain and when you stop taking it, the ice starts to melt. Only it doesn't melt evenly, and you never know what part of a futanari's brain is going to thaw first.  

The drug had a strange effect, it was like waking up from a pleasant dream you don't really remember the details of. It's like you wake up and realize that you're alive, but you don't remember anything, but you know what everything is and how to talk and read and eat. You're a complete person, but you are brand new. 

And as soon as you realized all of that, the moment it all becomes painfully clear, that you are alive, you usually also realize that you have been sold from breeding stock to pleasure worker, or a you've been snipped of everything (you know, to keep you off the husbands and fathers) and you work as a domestic - maybe a cleaner, or a maid, some became nannies. 

"Come on, for fuck's sake, stop!" I yelled, unable to keep up. 

She didn't even look over her shoulder. 

My shoulder was screaming. I fired in the air. 

The gunshot echoed across the vast empty space. 

Fuck. It was the very last thing I wanted to do. 

The futa froze. 

She looked over her shoulder and as soon as she saw the gun, she dropped to her knees and disappeared in the wheat. 

"Shit," I tried to walk faster, but I had lost so much blood I felt light-headed and I knew I wasn't walking well. I stumbled over a stone and then scrambled to my feet. I couldn't remember where she had disappeared at. 

I walked in a circle trying to find her and finally found her sitting on her knees, staring up at me. 

Tears rolled down her cheeks. "Please," she said, "no." She looked at the gun in my hand. 

"Hey, no," I holstered it and dropped to one knee. "No, hey, I wasn't going to shoot you." 

She crawled into my arms and I held her. She put her head on my shoulder. She was shaking she was so scared. 

"Hey, it's ok. It's ok." I rubbed her back as she clung to me. She was so afraid. 

I pulled away and looked into her eyes. "Hey," I tried to reassure her, "it's ok. Where do you live, what farm?" We stood and looked around but there was nothing but wheat fields. She looked like she didn't understand what I was saying. 

Then I heard them, bots. The steam engines that powered them produced a steady hissing sound that was just softer than a whistle. They must have picked up my scent or sweat or something. They were moving toward us. 

I took the young woman's hand and looked around. We had to pick a direction. "Don't suppose you know where home is?" 

She looked up at me, but I couldn't tell she really understood. The drugs must have just been just starting to wear off. I looked back the way she had come. It was our best chance. 

I took her hand and we made a run for the hills. I could hear the bots getting closer, chasing us. The futanari ran beside me, her bare feet in perfect rhythm with mine, her finger clasped in mine. 

My heart was pounding. I was light headed. I thought I saw a clearing ahead, a break in the trees. Was that a building? A barn? We were too far or was my vision fucked up? 

And then I was on my back. The blue sky was above. I saw a lazy cloud shaped like a rabbit. I smelled earth, fresh earth like a grave being dug. 

I heard the futanari in the wheat near me, but I didn't have the energy to turn my head. I felt light. I had lost too much blood. There was nothing to do now but smile and give into the peaceful feeling that was moving up my legs. 

It was cool in the sunshine. 

I closed my eyes. 

*** 

When I woke up, I was lying in a bed, a small bed. And I wasn't all the way in it, I was hanging across it at a funny angle. There was a beige blanket bunched up next to me. 

My first few buttons of my shirt were unbuttoned, but I was clothed. 

Instinctively, I reached for my gun, but it was gone. 

Panic wanted to set in, but I took a breath. It wasn't the first time I had woken up and had no idea where I was or where my gun was. 

I tried to sit up, but pain struck like a lightning bolt down my left side. Tears filled my eyes and I saw the blurry bandage over my left shoulder. 

I wiped my eyes with my right hand and took stock. The hole the bot's bullet had left in me was covered in white gauss and tape. It was neat and clean, much smaller than I would have done. The last time I patched a bullet hole in my leg, it looked like I was walking around with a tire-sized band of gauss around my thigh. 

So, someone had patched me up, which meant that someone was here. But where was here? 

There was a pile of clothes, dirty clothes by the look of them, in the corner. The room was mostly bare. There was a black and white picture of a blonde woman in a bathing suit on the wall, looked like it was from the war days. An old cowboy hat was hung next to the dresser over an oiled duster that looked like it might fit me. 

I thought about calling out, yelling for someone, but that meant that they were going to find me before I found them. And I preferred the latter. 

Taking a deep breath, I braced myself as best I could and bent at the waist. The pain burned through me, it made my head swim, and everything looked like it was tilting and turning. I sat up and slowly let the sloshing, spinning world, set itself right again before I tried to look around. 

I put my hand on my thigh to steady myself and the fabric was dry and stiff. I looked down and the brown pants were almost black with dried blood. I had been there for a while. There was no telling how long, but I didn't feel the need to be afraid. 

By the looks of it, it wasn't quite as nice as the orgy room at the Pleasure Palace, but it wasn't a stall either. 

The sound of the hunter bots came back to me, the hissing. Were they still looking for me? Haversine wasn't going to give up and those bots didn't have a real long range. Her posse was close. There was no reason they couldn't find me here. 

I wondered about the futanari I had found. What had happened to her? Was she from here? Who had found me? 

I got to my feet and realized I had to piss. The door to the little bedroom was open and I stepped into the hallway and looked left and right. The hallway floors and the floors into the bedrooms were all made of wide plank wood, but I could see the bathroom floor in the room next to me, little, white octagon tiles. Wherever I was, they apparently had a little credit at some point. I started for it. 

My boots scuffed the hard wood and were incredibly loud. I looked left and right, wishing for the comfort of my gun. 

Across the hall was another bedroom. Curious is my nature, so I peeked my head through the doorway and looked inside. Unlike the room I had been tossed in, this one was neat and clean. One wall was painted a lovely shade of green and there was a pretty landscape painting over the bed. 

Well, if nothing else, at least one of the people here was civilized. 

I walked across the hall into the bathroom. I was immediately impressed. I had served in the Pleasure Palace and the bathroom in the dormitory was only a little nicer than this. Halfway between No and Where when every other house around them as probably still using candles and shitting in a hole in the ground, this family had a tile bathroom, with a toilet and running water and electric lights you turned on by just pushing a button. 

They must have done something right. Most houses this far west didn't have bathrooms, they had outhouses, a less than pleasant alternative. 

After I was done in the bathroom, I decided it was time to answer at least a few of the questions I had buzzing around my bonnet. I walked down the hall and into the main house. My boots echoed across the wood floors, but no one appeared when I called out hello? 

I found the kitchen, a massive room with a large farm-style sink and a big wood-burning stove with a black pipe that poked through the ceiling. But there was a faucet and running water, just like in the bathroom. 

After searching a few cabinets, I found a glass and filled it. I leaned against the kitchen counter and drank it down in one go. It tasted so good. It tasted like I hadn't had water in a month. 

I refilled the glass and heard a door open somewhere else in the house. Again, my hand went to my holster and found it empty. My heart began to race. The unknown was about to happen. 

I listened to boot heels across the wood floor. The steps were far apart. Whoever it was, they were tall. 

Then they stopped. I heard something being moved around. Then they started toward me again. I finished the water and then decided to call out. Better not to surprise whoever it was. "Hello?" I called out. "In the kitchen, hello?" 

A tall, thin woman in dark pants, boots, and a cowboy hat stepped through the doorway. 

The first thing I noticed was my gun tucked into the belt that held up her pants. 

She had brown hair, a long face with delicate cheeks, and thick lips that made it look like she was always pouting. Her eyes were wide, brown, and honest. The skin across her knuckles told me she was a hard worker, the look on her face told me she was a no bullshit kind of girl. 

In the silent moment between us. We both did the same thing, looked each other, trying to gauge the other. 

She was younger than me, but tough, like the kind of person that doesn't know how to give up, no matter what. 

She had a pair of latex gloves in her hand and I could see a vial of something in her shirt pocket. 

With the cursory inspection complete, I immediately started on a plan. I didn't know how much time I had. There was no way to know if the bots or the posse or both were close. Were they already here? 

I decided to go with the assumption the futanari was hers in which case, she was probably happy that I had found her and had probably guessed that we were on our way back to get her little futanari back in her stall. 

But then the bullet hole had probably raised a few questions, you know, complicated the simple idea that I was returning her property. 

All of it happened in the space of a couple breaths. 

"How are you feeling?" She walked to the cabinet, beside me, grabbed her own glass. 

She wasn't afraid. She got close enough, I could have reached out and taken my gun. She was bold. I could appreciate that. 

"I'm Ivy and this is my daddy's ranch." She walked back toward the ice box. 

The words civil, not especially kind. She was wary for sure and rightfully so. "Frankie," I lied, but at least it was the same lie I told everyone. 

"You were in bad shape when I found you." She tossed the gloves into a trashcan. 

I wondered if she knew I was futanari. Had she noticed that I wrapped my breasts? It looked like she had only worked on my shoulder. My clothes looked like they had been left on. Still, she had gotten close enough to guess. My disguise wasn't the best, but it worked in most of the situations I usually found myself in. 

But there was no way to know for sure. 

She stood next to the ice box and gave me a look, like she wanted to ask something, but she wasn't exactly sure how. 

I grinned. It was what I always did when I didn't know what else to do. 

The humming sound coming from the ice box went up two octaves when she opened the door. "Do you want a soda?" 

"Whisky?" I smiled. 

Ivy laughed but I noticed that she didn't take her eyes off me either. Probably smart. A young lady all alone out in the country probably shouldn't be inviting strangers into the house. 

"I think dad keeps a bottle in the cabinet over the sink," she pointed. 

She was being nice, buying herself time. 

I don't know when it all came together. Maybe it was the fact that the I had been awake less than half an hour and she had found me. Not someone else, like the daddy she kept mentioning or some strong ranch hand looking to make a few brownie points. 

There was no one else there. She was alone. 

Like I said before, it wasn't the first time I had been without my gun. Nor was it the first time I had been in the same room with the person in possession of my gun. No, when my breeding seasons had ended, and they took me off Kurtalium, they had no idea what they had unleashed onto the world. 

I had awoken at the Pleasure Palace on a Tuesday night before dawn. My brain woke up from the weird, twilight haze the drug had kept me in right in the middle of a stage performance - one where me and two other futanari's were being fucked from behind by another futanari. 

The futanari's cock had been hammering me from behind. And suddenly, I had become aware of where I was and what was happening. 

It had been so weird. It was like one minute there was nothing. And the next, I am looking down at my hands and I realize I am on all fours. Then I look around and there's a room full of people watching. And then I realized that I was being filled and emptied, a massive dick plunging into my sex over and over. 

My hard dick slapped against my belly. There were hands on my hips. I was being thoroughly and completely fucked from behind. Hard. 

The first thing I had done was orgasm. The moment I had understood that what was happening was vaginal intercourse, I came. 

Apparently, the orgasm, which I had been pretty sure was going to destroy me, had been fun to watch. The room erupted in applause. Men and women kissed. People were all over each other. And then, as if on cue, the futanari inside of me, pulled out, and sprayed her pleasure across my naked back. 

The curtains had closed, and a number of handlers appeared from stage left and right.65 
