 Jake Freemon - Main character

Gen - Jakes first Jinn - sex Jinn

Jinn - What the genies are called

Tommy Sinclair - Friend of Jake's and fellow worker

Mary - Boss's daughter

Juno - Jakes big Boss and Mary's Father

Jinn Council - Council of major Jinns

Yasmen - Gen's mother

Hakiem, Doctor - the Jinn doctor (aka Hime)

Rasmir - Gen's father

Rosalinda - Jake's second Jinn - Once called Dreama

Rashala - Gen's niece and Jake's 3rd Jinn - elite Jinn

Tankena - evil brother of Rasmir

Sheeka - former evil female Jinn Jake's 4th Jinn

Akeesha - Sheeka's twin sister

Inger - Mary's Jinn, Akeesha's lover

Qaseem - Jake and Sheeka's baby

Tilda - Jake and Nyrae's baby

Rita - older female and one of Juno's sisters Tina - Rita's daughter

Trully - second Jinn doc Rasmir's little sister

Nyrae - Juno's powerful Jinn

Nuha - Leader of Deadly Trio

Abla - sister of Nuha member of Deadly trio

Fatin - sister of Nuha third member of trio

Tyrin - neighbor of Nyrae's parents

Aahil - one of the twin Jinn princes

Aalee - other twin Jinn prince

Amira - Jinn Princess sister of twins

Al-Mazhab - King of the Jinns

Qistina - Ex Queen of the Jinns, the Leader

Marie - Juno's ex - wife

Kasha - Marie's ex-powerful Jinn

Zahra - evil elite Jinn working with Marie

-------------------------

King Al-Mazhab looked on in a panic as he started the ritual. Looking at the subject he started to chant hoping that this plan didn't back fire on them or Master Jake. Shooting another boost of power the king cringed as the subject started to scream. It was always the same when they created another Jinn from one who'd never had powers.

All that were there also wore worried looks as the screams started to grow louder with each passing second. Gen was the hardest pressed as it took all she had to resist going to help the one being infused with the Jinn power.

Finally half an hour later the king stopped feeling that the subject was almost as powerful as a pleasure Jinn. "No," they heard a weak voice say. "You have to make me far more powerful, none will have a chance if I am not stronger."

The king looked at the owner of the voice shaking his head. He knew if he kept going that the subject would die. "As weak as your body is I am afraid that much more will mean the end of you. I agreed to the ceremony as it was a wish of yours, though I refuse to be the one which ends your life."

A hand grasped the front of the king's shirt as it started to beg. "You have to, do it, it's the only way I feel that all of you will be able to defeat the two of them. You have to continue for all of them."

The king sighed looking at all that were where Jake's Jinns were. Shaking his head at the nods of acquiescence, the king gave in as he started the ritual again to the renewed screams of pain.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Zahra had been out for quite some time looking for the other two of the deadly trio. She was returning to her mistress afraid of what the punishment she'd receive for failing. She already had a feeling that she'd lost her sex slave to her mistress. Damn it! She was finally starting to feel relaxed for the first time in centuries.

As she neared her mistress' home she was wondering why Marie hadn't called her for a progress report. Had her mistress actually took Nuha for herself? It was possible though there was nothing that Zahra could do about it.

Entering Marie's home Zahra stopped at the front listening for any sound at all. Shocked when she heard none she ventured further. Almost to Marie's room she was still shocked when she heard no sound at all. Finally she entered Marie's room drawing back when she saw that Nuha was at the foot of Marie's bed with Marie asleep on her bed.

Nuha heard the approach of another as she was resting at the foot of Zahra's Mistress' bed. The human woman had been more than

fair, actually she was the type of evil Mistress that Nuha had at one time wished she'd had. Then again that was long before she and her sisters were betrayed by humans.

Nuha smiled evilly when she saw that it was Zahra returning empty handed. Just as she thought the Jinn would. She and her sisters had worked a very long time to perfect the hidden dimension her sisters were in. No, they were safe and would remain so as long as they stayed there.

Zahra approached her mistress with great trepidation just how badly would she be punished? Bowing at the bed side of Marie, Zahra waited for her mistress to awaken.

It was a few hours later when Marie's eyes opened turning she felt someone else in the room with her. Seeing Zahra she sat up looking around. Nodding her head she looked at Nuha then back to Zahra. "So I take it you had no sign of them." Marie stated.

"No, my mistress," Zahra said her head still bowed. "I went all the way back to the beginning finding nothing. I went all the way to all the possible future ends. I found nothing there also. I searched within the seven dimensions, I also found nothing there. I am sorry I failed you mistress."

Marie was smiling at the words of Zahra; she knew that her Jinn had in fact looked everywhere she could. How could she not? She had been commanded to look everywhere she could. "Good," Marie said. "Now go bathe you reek of sex. I want you clean before you pleasure me."

Zahra was shocked; her mistress wasn't going to punish her? This was a reward if nothing else! With a wide smile Zahra replied, "It will be as you command my mistress."

Nuha smiled wickedly, "Yes, go little slave, your mistress needs her loving. You..." Nuha was suddenly silent unable to say another word.

Marie looked at Nuha with a harsh look, "I told you there would be none of that! You might not be my Jinn YET! You do still have to obey me!"

Nuha grabbed her throat then bowed her head to Marie. 'Yes I'll kill her quickly; she and Master Jake are the only humans to treat my sisters and me with the respect we deserve. "Speak." Marie growled to Nuha.

"I will not do this again Mistress Marie." Nuha said, feeling the bile rise in her throat. Then she smiled as she remembered how gentle Marie had been with her nearly broken body. The miniature waterfall Marie had taken her into had been amazing. Still, she never wanted a master or mistress again, not now after she and her sisters were together again.

"Good," Marie told her, "for now you will rest in the other room. You will not leave that room 'til such time as I call you. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Mistress Marie," Nuha said trying her best to resist. "I will do as you command."

Marie licked her lips as she stared at Nuha's bowed head. Now that was more like it! Soon she thought with a wicked mile crossing her lips. Soon the whole damn world would be hers, and then all men and women would be hers. Ah so delicious the women pleasuring her, the males hers to torture to her every whim! Marie's body was shaking with excitement.

________________________________________________________

Jake thinly smiled as he was talking to his Jinns. This plan he had hatched was really damn dangerous. One wrong move would blow the plan possibly getting him and his Jinns destroyed.

"Master Jake, I still feel that what you want to do is far too dangerous. Both the human mistress and the elite Jinn that she commands have far more power than you realize." King Al-Mazhab told Jake again a look of great concern on his face.

Jake turned to the king nodding, "I do realize that King Al-Mazhab. But I also feel that this may be the only way that we can defeat Zahra thereby defeating Marie. I just hope that she doesn't have more Jinns she hasn't released yet. As you said there are a great many that are still sealed in their bottles."

The king was nodding as were the council standing not far off. "You do realize that if this plan of yours doesn't work Master Jake, we all are doomed. You are one of the only humans I have ever seen resist the love magic. I don't feel good about you trying to do it multiple times." Rasmir told Jake a look of concern on his face also.

Jake was nodding his agreement, this plan had to work, and it was all he could see to do. After running through all that he could against fighting this magic only this had any positive outcome. 'At least I hope,' Jake thought, 'he'd never been that brave in his life though for his four Jinns he felt more courage than he ever had.'

Sighing Jake knew he needed to get this started, taking a step he almost collapsed. Several pairs of arms caught him lowering him to a pallet. "It appears I am far more tired than I thought." Jake told all present.

All four of Jake's Jinns and the king's daughter turned to the king. "I've called the doctor. I hope it isn't the dark magic again." Gen said fearfully.

A moment later the Doctor appeared then gasp when he saw Jake lying on the pallet. All five of the Jinns moved away as the Doctor dropped to the ground beside Jake.

"I know of this plan that you are wishing to try Master Jake. Though I really have no say in it, I too don't like this plan of yours. Now I need to see what is wrong," The Doctor said as he grasped Jake's arm.

Again a gasp arose from the Doctor as he stared hard at Jake. Then the Doctor's mouth dropped open as he looked at first Rasmir, then the King. "It's alright Doctor, this is all part of the plan."

The Doctor's face frowned as he snapped his head back to Jake. "It was part of your plan to get this weak? That you are close to death? Master Jake I know you have a great many things on you, you must stop and rest at times."

Jake smiled somewhat weakly at the Doctor, "I am resting, see? I am on a pallet, resting."

"You, as well as I, know what I am talking of Master Jake. The last time I saw your energy this depleted was before the fight with the Queen." The Doctor told Jake looking as closely at him as he could. 'Why,' the Doctor thought, 'do I feel that master Jake and the others are hiding something from me?'

Shaking his head the Doctor arose moving away, even as the five female Jinns again descended on Jake. Walking to the King and Rasmir the Doctor told them both he hadn't seen much wrong with Jake. Both sighed as they took the Doctor aside.

Jake had fallen asleep sinking deeper into the welcome arms of unconsciousness. Jake was suddenly thrust into a gray area that stretched endlessly away in all directions.

"So you are a dream warrior after all, no wonder my little copy failed to destroy you." The vision of Zahra snapped at Jake. "At least that little traitorous bitch won't cause any more trouble. As a matter of fact she should be dead soon!"

Jake smiled then crossed his arms, "Really, it seems to me that you are losing more and more control." Jake nodded his head indicating behind Zahra.

Zahra let out a scream as she tried to attack the almost twin vision of herself. A slight smile appeared on her twin's lips as Zahra tried to flail away at her twin. "You can never win; I have gained more than half control. Soon it will be you that is the unwelcome presence in the body. Submit join with me before you are gone." The twin stated.

Panting Zahra looked daggers at her twin and Jake. "This is your doing! I will destroy you as slowly as I can, dealing the most painful, torturous death." With that Zahra whirled then disappeared.

"Don't you have to go back?" Jake said a little worried.

Zahra's twin smiled as she shook her head no. "The energy that was provided has ensured that she can no longer destroy me. Sadly I am afraid all I will ever be is a nuisance to her no more."

It was Jake's turn to smile as he shook his head no. "I think that you may soon gain control of the body." Here Jake dropped his head. "I am afraid it might be very painful. If you wish to be free, truly free, you will have to withstand it."

"It is a dream I have had a very long time. When she sent me out I knew I couldn't do all she wanted though I had no choice. I also felt this was the last of her true self, before it was corrupted by the dark magic and the Queen." Here the twin dropped her head. "I will withstand all that I can Master Jake, for as long as I can. Know though that I am only at half life."

Jake was nodding in agreement, "I will do all I can to ensure you have a chance." Leaning over Jake wrapped his arms around her gently kissing her lips. Then he moved down as the Twin started to moan.

"If," she gasped out between pants. "If I survive I hope that you can show me in the outside world what real love is." Jake nodded with a large smile on his face. Kissing Jake a deep passionate kiss that sent shivers through the both of them she vanished. 

Jake floated on, a large smile appearing on his face. Good it was all starting to fall into place. All the known players were ready, well except for one of them. Sighing Jake thought I'd have to start working on her as soon as I can. Unfortunately even armed with the knowledge that Kasha and Juno had provided, she was still the wild card.

Zahra's eyes snapped open as she felt for the other personality within her. Not feeling her Zahra smiled an evil smile as she started to seal all pathways that lead from her to the dream dimension. By the great Jinn this was her body it had been for over as thousand years, she wasn't about to relent. She couldn't let the old goody, goody personality back in.

Sighing Zahra felt the last pathway close now she could carry out all her plans she... [I really don't think so!]

Zahra appeared inside about to attack again trying to drive the other out. Suddenly she stopped, what the hell was going on? Why did the other feel slightly stronger? If this kept up she'd never be rid of that piece of garbage! [This body is mine you will...]

The twin only smiled at the threats then opened up letting the recent caress and kiss from Master Jake take over. [I want you to feel what real love feels like. this isn't a lie like you thought!]

Zahra felt the feelings as they started to inundate then flood everywhere. [NO! It is a lie it... by the great Jinn his lips feel so heavenly, his caress...] Zahra shook her head then started to scream at her twin. [How dare you, you shameless whore!]

[Really? Am I as much of a whore as when you tried to get the king to leave the Queen for you? I believe you are the true whore. A bitter, useless, backstabbing shameless whore! I can see all that you are and did. I know all the lustful thoughts you had. You call me a whore and a bitch? I think you need to look closer at your own actions.] The twin of Zahra said smiling as she could feel Zahra's anger start to rise to a boiling point.

Zahra started to scream as she reached out to destroy her twin. The twin rushed past Zahra grasping more control ripping it from Zahra. Laughing she side stepped as Zahra tried to ram her. Wrapping her arms around the strands she had the twin smiled larger as they faded within her.

[You're losing, soon you will be like I was nothing but a memory stuffed into a hardly used area of the mind. You'll feel the desolation, the loneliness. You MAY think you are lonely now, no, but soon you will. Laughing the twin vanished. Screaming out again Zahra again searched everywhere inside, shocked that her twin was nowhere to be found!

[Where are you bitch?] Zahra snarled out. Then she felt it as it started to trickle. Then it flowed more, a huge flood of feeling flowed over around and through her. Falling to the ground Zahra started to moan as she ripped the clothes from her inside body. Her hand moving at a blurring speed between her legs she started to pant and scream as she orgasmed over and over.

[Stop it you bitch! This is all a lie there is... by the great Jinn, Master Jake's cock is so hard! NO! Stop this! Sto...]

Zahra wasn't able to talk further as she started to orgasm almost continuously. Screaming out in anger Zahra was finally able to stop most of her orgasms. [I thought I told you,] the twin told her. [I now have more than half control.]

[You won't win,] Zahra gasped out. [I will never allow it,] even as she started another cycle of orgasms.

[We shall see Zahra, we shall see.] The twin said an even wider smile on her face.