 Jen was a strong powerful woman. She was extremely proud of herself and wasn't afraid to show it to anyone. She took pleasure in watching those under her at work squirm with discomfort as she decided when and how they needed to do their jobs. She could even make the executives bow before her at times. She would have her occasional one night stands and be proud of the man that she had permitted to her home. Most of the time she wouldn't bother to bring them here though, she loved to go to their place so as not to make a mess of her own sterile house. She could get a bit violent with her sexual activity, but she was always in charge.

She was the leader and the controller. She was never subordinate. Always superior. She was able to get the man she wanted and never had to lower her standards. She couldn't recall a time that a man she desired turned her down. She could always find a way to get a yes from them by the end of the night. Tonight seemed as though it was going to be different than before for Jen though. Tonight she was falling and collapsing into a lustful beggar. The cold floor only made her shiver, and her skin pebbled excitedly on her lower back and hips. 

She felt as her mouth began to water. Her eyes were locked on the large phallus that wiggled gently in front of her eyes. It was begging for her attention, swaying back and forth near her lips. Jen could almost taste the salty and sweaty surface of the thick veins rubbing against the insides of her mouth. She leaned forward a bit hesitant at first and Jenni let out a soft giggle as she watched Jen lower her face closer to her anxious awaiting body. Jen could feel her hands shaking and she lifted one slowly to the base of the large cock. She opened her mouth and licked her tongue forward against the open hole. The bitter taste of salt and sweat sent her head reeling with pleasure.

Jenni let out a soft coo and wiggled under Jen's warm moist mouth. She felt a surge of pleasure rush through her and she moved her mouth forward even further, trying to open her jaw as wide as possible. She had to take as much of this thick juicy girl meat into her mouth. Jenni wiggled her hips in a circular motion, the thick juicy cock pouring from her hips pushed further into Jen's now gaping jaws. Jen squirmed a bit unable to take the entire length of the other woman's body in. Jenni's hands continued to knead her massive tits and she sighed out with pleasure, her cock spasming against Jen's throat. Jen continued to shove her mouth against Jenni's beautiful meat. She wasn't ready for the other woman to cum yet. The dong between her lips bulged and her jaw gave out a crack as the thick tip juiced out its salty load into her throat and down into her stomach. 

Jen saw spots blossom in her vision, not only from pleasure but from the lack of oxygen as a torrent of the woman's cream coated her insides. She let out a moan of pleasure as she too gave off an incredible orgasm and tried to smile around the phallus as another load poured from its juicy tip. After a bit she withdrew the massive woman from her mouth and throat with a delightful pop. Jen looked up at Jenni as if asking for approval of the oral she had just performed. She was actually begging the other woman to show some kind of sign that she did a good job. How had she become so sex hungry? How had she fallen so easily for the other woman? How was this woman even in her room, and why was she so entranced by this beautiful body? The questions were left unanswered because she couldn't bring herself to ask them. What she did want to find out was why she wanted to have the same features as the woman she had just sucked off. A girl with a cock? That was unheard of, it wasn't right, it wasn't human... but it tasted and felt amazing. What would it feel like to stuff a cock into Tiffany's throat and cum into her stomach? She shook her head and scooted back looking up at Jenny trying to figure out what was really going on. Her head felt like it was full of cotton though. Had she always been this stupid?

"That is like so good... I bet you want to have a cock as big as mine someday." Jenni said still rubbing her hands over her thick nipples. Her penis wavered a bit and slowly fell loose. It was so massive that even while loose it was almost half the length of the girls tanned thighs. Her skin was so smooth and perfect. 

Jen didn't want to acknowledge that the sex crazed woman rubbing her tits had just echoed the thought that was running through her mind. How had she known that Jen wanted to experience that kind of pleasure? Her head continued to spin with desire, she wanted to see and feel the woman's pleasure. She felt her hands start to shake again and her pussy burned further with desire.

"Mmm... like, you did so good. You are probably going to make me cum again just thinking about it. Just so you know I do cum more than a normal person though. I can go for hours and hours. I know that it seems like you sucking me was really short, but I did that on purpose. We couldn't have you sucking me for the next eight hours... that like would be no fun at all!" Jenni moaned out happily as Jen watched the other woman from her knees. Jenni's cock bounced a bit in excitement and Jen felt her cheeks grow warm again. She moved her hand down to her own Pussy and dipped her fingers into it rubbing, touching, and feeling the moist damp hole. She only wanted it to feel as good as Jenni's cum that was now roiling happily in her stomach. 

She could still taste the salty flavor in her mouth. She only wanted to cum again. When was the last time she actually was this horny? Monday she had that terrible ride with an executive in the bathroom... but today she was sucking a beautiful woman in her bedroom. Jenni had such a big dick, and massive tits that just ached to be nursed on. Her fingers kept the pressure against her own pussy. She moaned out and felt and visibly shook with pleasure she came. Jenni nodded down, "That is a good girl! You are like so horny I am sure that you will make a great bimbo one day. You will be just like me and we can fuck and suck each other forever!"

"What the fuck did I just do?" Jen asked incredulously removing her hands from between her thighs. Her fingers stuck together a bit from the remaining cum. She had just masturbated after drinking cum from this woman's dick. What the hell?

"Don't worry, it's only normal for you to want to like suck on my cock and stuff... because you know you and I are like the same person. Someday you can like suck your own and it will be like so good! You're going to like want to suck it all the time because it tastes like so good." Jenni giggled out flicking up the head of her massive dong with her forefinger, her other hand still kneaded on her massive tit flesh.

"What do you mean we are the same person? I am nothing like you. I don't even know who you are. How did you get into my house? Why did I want to suck on your body so bad? Why was I so entrenched? You probably drugged me! That's probably the reason why I felt so sick at work! It was you that I need to be afraid of!" Jen nearly screamed out as she got up to her feet, Jenni's thick cock brushed against Jen's exposed thigh leaving behind a thick trail of precum on her skin. Jen felt her mind whirl and she nearly toppled over. It did feel really good to have the other woman's stiff cock touch her skin, what would it feel like to have that inside of her?

"No... I never drugged you. No one really did. You always wanted this to happen. Like... you see, one day you can get big old massive titties like mine. You can like squish and touch them and then you can rub your thick cock and you can cum and cum and cum. You would love to cum as much as I do. You will even want to masturbate all the time, and the best part is people wouldn't even care! You see, you're such a stuck up prude that you needed someone to get you out of your shell. It's like so easy for me to do that because now I'm part of you and you're going to become like part of me. We're going to be one person one day. Just you wait I promise it'll be all worth it" Jenni said moving a hand to Jen's shoulder. Jen shivered at the woman's touch and she let herself be guided to her bed.

Jen shivered in horror staring up at Jenni with disbelief. There was no way this could be real, this had to be some crazy fucked up dream. The other woman's hand felt so right on her shoulder, and it felt so easy to lie down and do as the other girl said. She decided that it was probably a fever dream from her being sick at work. That is probably why she was shaking and sweating so much. There was no way that some random person would pop into her room. It had to be a dream... or she wouldn't accept it and fuck around like this. Jen was much more refined than that, so she decided to yield to the dream girl. She decided that she could remove inhibitions and just let herself enjoy this fake world. Besides, the other woman that claimed they were the same wasn't the same as Jen. She was at least three to four inches taller than she was, not to mention her naturally tanned skin. With enough bleach Jen could get her hair the same color, but the other woman couldn't really be Jen, she was far too fictional.

She had just sucked this woman expertly as well, when was the last time that she sucked a man's cock? There was no way she was that practiced, and she wasn't that much of a loser to watch pornos online to try and get tips on how to pleasure a man better. It was the man's job to pleasure her, she wasn't their slave. To Jenni though, she had been a slave, and loved that she made the other woman feel good. That clearly meant that this was a dream and that the cum she drank down from the woman's fuck stick was all fake.

"See... like just you thinking about like sucking me... you drinking my cum... is turning me on again..." Jenni said between soft moans as she continued to toy with her fat nipples. Her cock throbbed and began to grow excitedly. Jen licked her lips and teetered on her feet, realizing that the other woman's hand had been the only thing keeping her stable, "maybe if you put your ass in the air again I can fuck that little pussy of yours and cum inside of your body. Maybe I could even cum in your ass if you want instead." Jenni's voice escalated at the end of each sentence. Jen could feel herself growing even more aroused. How was it that she was so sexually hungry? Jen felt her cheeks burn even hotter red, if that was possible. She didn't quite understand what was driving her, but she moved backwards to the edge of the bed.

Jen sat back feeling her nether regions heating up again with excitement. Since this was all a dream maybe she could let the woman pound her little pussy. It wasn't going to be that big of a deal if she had sex dreams. What harm could it do every now and again? Besides, she wasn't really going to go around masturbating all day long, and having an exhilarating dream like this every now and again could be a good thing. She thought about what it would be like having that massive dong in her body and then shivered. She realized there was no way that was going to fit into her little body. It was at least five to six times bigger than any man's cock she had ever seen.

"Like don't worry about size or anything. My cum is special, and you did drink so much of it and stuff. It is going to make my little friend here fit easier into your body. Also the more precum I have the easier it will be to slide it all the way in so we can like hump your brains out. Then you can be all sparkles and sunshine on the inside like I am." Jenni said as she released a hold of one of her massive tits. She threaded her fingers around her cock and began to stroke it, coaxing out a large drop of precum.

Jen felt her jaw drop, but no words could come out. She was feeling too aroused thinking of what it would be like to have that thick cock rubbing in and out of her nether regions. She could only imagine what the feeling of the seed pumping into her body would be like. She scooted back on the bed, so her legs hung over the edge and she spread them excitedly. The air felt cold against her burning pussy. There was a musky scent of Jenni and her arousal that filtered up to her nose. It was intoxicating. Jen propped herself up on her elbows and looked up the other woman with wide eyes. She didn't understand why she was so willing to try this, but for some reason it felt natural and right. It was a dream and Jen was doing the right thing. She wanted to just let this woman abuse her little body. She wanted to be Jenni. The thought sent a ripple of pleasure through her. She wanted to have a big fat cock like the one Jenni was carrying around. She wanted one hanging off her own little body. 

Another wave of pleasure. It felt good to think about what Jenni wanted her to have. Jenni said they were the same person. Maybe believing and wanting to be like the other woman could make her feel better. She dreamed about cumming every single day, masturbating a big cock and kneading fat tits. Jen felt her pussy shiver and she let out a hot moan as she orgasmed. Jenni hadn't even touched her yet, and she was already cumming just thinking about being like this other woman. She felt something else click in her head. She wanted to be a little slut. It wasn't that she wanted Jenni right now; it was that she wanted to be like Jenni as well. She also wanted to have a cock stuffed every single hole she had. What would it be like to have a cock in her mouth, a cock in her ass, and cock in her pussy while she stuffed another girl's pussy with her own? She wanted to have every single imaginable orifice pleasured. Jen shivered again as she felt another orgasm building inside of her.

"Like... because you and I are the same person, this is going to be so much better. One day you're going to be like me with big old tits and a nice shapely body and you can fuck like all the women that you want! You can like even fuck that tease of a slut Tiffany at your work. She is always wearing tight blouses showing off her massive rack. I bet she just likes it dirty too. I'm sure that she would love to be bent over grabbing on the floor as you fuck her little ass." Jenni said moving towards the edge of the bed, still stroking her cock with her other hand, Jen's fingers gripped into the comforter with anticipation. It was too much for her, she came again just thinking about Tiffany bent over for her.

Jen's mind was failing even further; she tipped back on the bed her arms giving out from the ecstasy. She wanted more though, she needed more in fact. She lifted a hand to her breast and began to toy with her nipple excitedly. She was so horny that she didn't care how she looked to anyone right now. Her legs were spread to the walls, one hand idly drawing circles on her tummy while she flicked at her erect nipple with the other. She was going to be fucked like the dirty girl she was, and she loved it, "Jenni.... Fuck me." She begged out in a whisper.

Jenni stepped forward, a big smile on her lips her full luscious lips. She let go of her breast for the first time since Jen had seen her in her room. She moved her hand to the base of her cock and the other that was once stroking it lined the tip up with Jen's small pussy. Jen's eyes grew wide with shock and surprise, "I thought that you said you were going to fuck my ass..." Jen said moaning out a bit as Jenni brushed the tip of her massive cock head up and down along her clit.

"It's okay, we need to go here first because it'll make it like feel better and stuff." She said moving her cock. She pushed forward against Jen's clit. Jen let out another excited moan and slapped her other hand up kneading her erect nipples between her forefinger and thumbs. Jenni pushed forward again getting Jen to moan out again. It was so powerful to have a massive cock like that pushing at the edge of her body. Jen just wanted to feel what it would be like inside, and she realized that she really was ready for whatever was going to happen. She was ready to become one with Jenni. The other woman let out a giggle, Jen moaned out as the head of Jenni's cock found the entrance to her tight snatch. 

She nearly screamed out as the thick veined surface split her aching body. Her toes curled and her hands cupped her tits excitedly. It was more than she had been ready for, it was perfect. Her eyes rolled back into her head. She began squealing with pleasure as the entirety of Jenni's cock slid into her little tiny pussy. The other woman grunted when their hips rubbed against each other. Jenni smiled back down at Jen who had her eyes shut. She wiggled her hips a bit, eliciting moans from the other woman. Her cock had easily found its way to the back of Jen's willing body. She and Jenni were becoming one. Jen wanted to be Jenni. Jenni pulled her cock back, and there was a sudden empty feeling that Jen couldn't quite explain, and with a forceful thrust Jenni was hilted again. A slapping sound echoed in the room, and Jen's screams of pleasure covered it up quickly. Jenni moaned out as well. They were truly one, and Jen felt pleasure surge through her that told her she loved it.

Jenni began to pick up speed and Jen's tight pussy clamped down on the intruders cock in an excited orgasm. She sat up grunting as Jenni kept her pace of fucking. Propped up on her elbows Jen was able to watch as the other woman's thick cock slipped in and out of her little body. It was so exciting that she nearly toppled back down to the bed in ecstasy. She reached her hands up and latched onto Jenni's swaying utters. They were so full and smooth. It felt perfect to have such knead-able flesh spill between her fingertips. No wonder Jenni didn't want to let them go, Jen couldn't resist touching them herself. She leaned herself back up and took hold of one of her massive tits. Jen popped an erect nipple into her mouth and began to suck on Jenni's breast. 

The woman who was excitedly and expertly fucking her tight pussy shuttered and let out an excited moan of pleasure. Her once perfect rhythm was thrown off by Jen's intruding mouth. Jenni thrust forward hard once again, and Jen let out an excited scream around the thick mouthful of flesh. She dropped back down and pressed her hands to her legs spreading them further apart, trying to make her pussy tighter for Jenni. She wanted the other woman to feel just as good as she was. She could only imagine what it would be like to have that big of a cock aching to cum into a tight little twat. Jen still couldn't see how they were the same person, but would it be crazy of her to want to be the same? She wanted to be a woman with a cock, massive tits, bleach blonde hair, and tanned skin. How could she be like this? How could she want all this?

Jenni begin to rock her hips in a rough circular motion, and all the thoughts in Jen's head flooded away from her in an instant. It didn't matter to her, she was with Jenni right now and all that mattered was cum. The sound of slapping skin on skin echoed around the room. There was a slick squelching sound as a hard stiff meaty cock was slammed into Jen's tight wet pussy. She loved the sound. She loved the feeling. Jen's eyes crossed as she felt another rough orgasm shiver across her body. She could feel the moisture running down her thighs from the copious amounts of cum she was producing. Jenni hadn't even orgasmed, but somehow she felt wet from all the excitement. This wasn't real, but she wanted it to be real. She wanted this to be really happening to her. 

She never would have imagined saying that this would happen to her, she had never really had a sex dream before... but here she was enjoying every last second of it. She was almost begging for the other woman to cum now. She wanted to feel the seed pour into her body. Jen moved her hands to Jenni's hips and she began to rock forward each time Jenni slid into her body. The sound of their hips colliding increased and Jenni let out another excited moan. She wanted to know that she was making Jenni happy. She wanted to be a good little cock slut for this woman. She closed her eyes again as she felt her orgasm swelling again. As Jenni rocked forward her hips began to shake. She was beginning to lose control and it only added more pleasure to Jen. Jen was doing a good job for the other woman. Her little body was doing as commanded. She reached her hands up again and squeezed the thick nubs erupting from the other woman's tits. She kneaded the skin back and forth gently in her finger and thumb. Jenni moaned out and Jen could tell they were going to climax in unison.
