 Jen Parks was an average woman in her own standards. She was never perfect, but she always tried to become the best woman she could be. She prided herself in the way she could tie her hair off perfectly. She prided herself in the way that she could hold a stern jaw in the face of a trial. She even took pride in the way that she kept control of her weight and in her smooth complexion. Her hair was always pristine and tidy, her clothing was always adjusted properly, and she never craved or desired sexual attention. She wasn't a degenerate and she prided herself on her control she had on life. She was born into money, and always had a trust fund since she was a child. She was your ideal model citizen of California. Since last night however everything she used to have before was starting to alter and shift and change to something else she had not previously been expecting. She seemed to want to let her hair down and let it be messy. She wanted to strip nude in a public place and let people have their way with her body. She couldn't help but get excited when she rubbed or touched her breasts the right way. The harsh reality of it all was that it didn't bother her... not really anyway. What bothered her was that this could all really be happening. She might have gone schizophrenic or she could just be falling into daydreams from her fever... but this all could have been reality and she was adjusting herself to actually like it each time the other woman appeared. Jen felt herself being aroused and excited in different ways than she had ever felt before. It was so different... it was exhilarating. She had no control and, being a woman who prided herself in power, was always in control. Though, since her encounter last night she found that her power being taken from her was incredibly sexual. She was a slave. She was a slave to her own bodies will. She was a slave to Jenni's will.

She felt the smooth tiled surface rub gently back and forth, back and forth underneath her exposed ass. Jenni's thick cock slid gently in and out of Jen's small wet pussy. Jen's hands were still cupped around Jenni's thick massive tits. She rolled and kneaded the other woman's nipples as he moaned out whorishly from excitement. Jen wanted to feel her body grow full of the other woman's cum again. Mimi stood idly by stroking her cocks with each hand, squeaking a bit each time a thumb would brush the head of one of them. Jen gave out another loud moan as Jenni stroked her thick cock into Jen's little twat. Her toes curled trying to grip at the tile below her spread legs. Jen's jaw dropped, and she closed her eyes as her pussy fluttered in a happy orgasm. Jenni continued her pace, just as the night before. It didn't seem to faze Jenni that Jen was experiencing the best orgasm she had ever experienced. Today was even better than the dream she had last night. Jen opened her eyes and looked up at the slutty bimbo who was racking her body with pleasure. Jenni had a smile on her juicy lips, and Jen licked her own. She let go of the pillow mounds in her hands and lifted herself onto her elbows. Jenni leaned forward and their mouths collided in a rough kiss. Jenni's tongue flicked in and out of her mouth roughly, and then gingerly. She was so skilled in everything related to sex. It was perfect. After a minute of their locked embrace Jenni lifted her head back reluctantly and let out a bone chilling moan. Jen dropped back to the ground, feeling the cold tile's on her back. The sound of Jenni's thick cock pushing in and out of her pussy made Jen moan in unison with the other woman. Jen imagined it was what a porno sounded like, and that made her toes grip at the ground again.

She could feel the tip of Jenni's thick cock brushing and rubbing inside of her body. She let out a moan that almost sounded like shouting, and then Jenni came. Her cock swelled and pumped load after hot load of seed into Jen's willing womb. She wanted every ounce she could absorb. She had just been standing in a pool of the stuff, and she could have drank as much as she wanted... but she wanted to have it directly from Jenni. Didn't Jenni say that if I drink from the source the changes would be faster? Jen asked herself as she came down from her orgasm. She looked down and saw her stomach was bulging, though not quite as badly as the night before. It looked like she had a thanksgiving meal, but wasn't enough to make her look pregnant. Jenni reluctantly pulled her cock free with an audible pop.

"Awe that wasn't as much as I did last night. This isn't fair when you have way bigger balls than me," Jenni said as she sat back on her heals. Jen lolled her head to the side and admired Mimi's thick cocks being stroked in her hands. How could she want more after experiencing what she just did? Mimi bounced on her toes, her thick breasts bouncing and her cocks swayed happily.

"It's like my turn!" Mimi's shouted out happily. She bent over and scooped Jen up in her arms with ease. Within a matter of seconds Jen was propped up on a sun chair on her knees bent over like a needy whore, "I am sure you have done it doggy style." Mimi giggled out. Jen let out a shocked squeak when she felt the woman's fingers playing around with her cum covered pussy. Her belly felt full and swayed a bit exaggerated with her being bent over like she was. It was almost embarrassing for her, and her cheeks warmed.

"Look, she like totally loves this!" Jenni said from another sun chair. The other woman decided to pull up a seat and get a front row view to the scene. Her own personal show.

"I... it isn't like that... I feel... like I am.... fat..." Jen said and let out another moan as Mimi slipped two of her fingers into her pussy. The other woman was truly an expert. She was twisting and prodding gently inside of Jen's body. Each time a finger would curl; Jen felt her fingers and toes following like a dog on a leash.

"Awe it isn't like fat or anything," Mimi whispered over her shoulder, "It's like our cum making you special and pretty like us."

"I still don't really think..." Jen nearly screamed out in surprise when a thick finger pushed deep into her asshole, "What are you doing?" As the words left her mouth she felt her cheeks burn again, though this time less from embarrassment and more from arousal.

"Seems like you haven't toyed around much here. Since Jenni just used your front I was like planning on using this part of you." Mimi said a as she pulled her fingers free from Jen's wet cunt. Mimi spread the lube that was gathered on her fingers. It was a mixture between Jen's and Jenni's cum. It felt moist and warm against her backside. When Mimi was satisfied with the amount that she had spread around on Jen's ass she released the other woman from her gentle grip, "Hold onto the chair, I promise I will go slow at first. Our like cum will make it fit and everything, but since you don't use this part as much as we do it might be weird at first." Mimi said. Jen's fingers wrapped around the edge of the chair. Why wasn't she running? Why was she still allowing herself to be in this place? She was meditating after all she could just wake herself up and put herself back into reality.

The familiar shape of a cock head pushed against her backside. Jen let out a soft squeak as it popped into her asshole. She had a boyfriend in High School that had decided that having anal sex wasn't like having sex, and they would still be virgins after doing it. Jen didn't bother to tell him that she had sex before. They had never actually had anal sex though. He got as far as Mimi was right now and then got scared and decided to call it quits. Soon after he changed schools and disappeared from her life. It wasn't that much of a disappointment to Jen though. He was a slob, and didn't meet up with her high standards on men. She had dated him as a favor to a friend. After he left, her friend stopped talking to her. Her mind was brought back when Mimi pushed a hefty amount of her thick cock into Jen's small asshole. It was so different. It was exhilarating. Mimi's second cock rubbed against Jen's cum covered pussy. It sent shivers up her spine, and her skin pebbled on her arms.

"Okay let's like have some fun." Mimi said pulling herself back and pushing forward again. Jen felt her eyes widen in surprise when Mimi pushed herself all the way so Jen's ass cheeks rubbed against Mimi's hips. She pulled back and thrust forward again. Jen gripped at the edge of the chair letting out a moan of both surprise and pleasure. She had never expected it to feel this way.

"Oh Jen don't worry it normally doesn't feel like this. This is because your body has like started to grow a prostate already." Jenni said from the other chair. Jen whipped her head up in surprise and shock. She went to open her mouth in protest, but moaned out again as Mimi hilted her cock into Jen's tight asshole, "It's like totally normal. I promise it makes having anal sex so much better. Besides you need one so your cock can like grow and stuff." Jen moaned out again. It did feel really good. How had she grown a prostate? That was something only men had. She remembered back to the pool when she was lapping up the cum like a lost puppy. Jenni was talking about having multiple prostates, including one inside of her cock itself. Mimi pushed forward again, her other cock that wasn't sheathed touched Jen's clit perfectly and she felt her body shiver in ecstasy.

"Damn you are like tight." Mimi moaned out as she pushed forward again. Jen stared at the ground between the slats of the sun chair. Her hips began to shake every time that Mimi would pull backwards and forwards. She could actually tell where a prostate could be inside her body from the way that Mimi rubbed and bumped her on the inside. It had to be a part of the dream though. She couldn't just sprout a prostate without a crazy amount of surgery, and it wouldn't feel nearly as good as it was right now. This had to be a part of the dream. Jen sighed out letting her mind relax. She wanted to leave behind her inhibitions. She had to try and stop resisting these fantasies. She was really wound up, and the more that she gave into these Amazons the more she could be relaxed. Perhaps meditation would no longer be the usual grassy meadow, or the rich forests of Oregon. Perhaps she was going to have two giant hermaphrodites that fucked her each time she needed to relax. She could probably handle that. It wasn't like she didn't feel good, and it seemed to relax her enough. Last night she slept like a baby, although she did wake up rather tired. Perhaps meditation would always have to be held during the day time to compensate for the lack of rest she would receive because of these two women.

"See she really does like it. I can... feel it." Jenni said from the other chair again. Jen turned her head to see Jenni stroking her cock gently. Mimi's and Jen's display was more than enough for anyone to get off on, let alone a hyperactive sex crazed Hermaphrodite that had just fucked her not even a half an hour ago. Jen turned her head back and closed her eyes feeling waves of pleasure wash over her. Maybe the two of them really were the same person. Whenever Jenni started to pleasure herself, Jen started to feel better. It was like they were locked in something unique that she couldn't quite understand. Mimi pulled her cock almost all the way out of Jen's now hungering asshole. She didn't want the woman to ever leave her. Jenni let out an excited moan and Mimi rubbed her hand forward along Jen's pussy. Suddenly the other cock head that had been rubbing forward and backward along her cunt was lifted and pressed against the entrance to her pussy, "Wait... that isn't.... fair..." Jenni tried to protest, but Mimi thrust forward eliciting a moan from Jen. Jen bent forward in surprise and pleasure and let out a moan as her pussy clamped down on Mimi's thick length in a hungered orgasm.

"This will be better I promise. Besides don't you want your like little friend here to change faster?" Mimi asked as she thrust in and out of Jen's numbed body. Jenni only mumbled in response. Jen could make out the other woman saying something about fairness, but it didn't seem to matter to any of them. Jen moaned out each time the pair of cocks would push and pull along her ass and pussy. It was beautiful. Within seconds she had yet another orgasm, and Mimi slowed her pace as though trying to drag more pleasure out of Jen before she would have an orgasm herself. Jenni stood up from her chair, and Jen opened her eyes for the first time since Mimi introduced her second cock into her body. Jenni was stroking her cock furiously walking over gently to Jen.

"Well if we are going to be making her change faster she needs more in her then. And since you get two of yours in her, she should get another load from me." She moved her cock closer to Jen's face. The sweet smell of the creamer wafted into her nose. Jen opened her mouth obediently and Jenni slipped the thick member into her mouth with ease. Jen relaxed her jaw and more of the woman's length slipped in. It felt so much better today than last night. It fit better and seemed to go down further. Jen closed her eyes and licked her tongue along the bottom of Jenni's dong. Jenni cooed in satisfaction and pulled her cock back out and pushed her hips forward in unison with Mimi, who was still fucking both her ass and pussy. Jen's fingers gripped the edges of the chair with fervor. She felt like the pleasure she was feeling would send her off into space if she didn't hold onto something. She wanted to be full of the seed that could come from these women.

Jenni grunted and pushed her hips forward; Jen opened her mouth wider and relaxed her throat. Jenni's smooth hips brushed Jen's nose and she felt satisfaction of knowing she took the entire length of Jenni into her mouth. Jenni gripped the back of Jen's head and moaned out, her cock expanding in Jen's small throat. Jen could feel as a torrent of cum erupted from the tip, though the taste completely eluded her tongue. It was pressed too far down into her body. Jenni's cock throbbed four, five, six times into her stomach. Each time it pumped Jen could feel her body growing heavier and heavier. Spots blossomed in her vision and Jenni released her grip on the back of Jen's head. She reluctantly withdrew the now shrinking phallus from between Jen's jaws. A final spurt of cum dribbled onto Jen's tongue and she hungrily lapped it up. She licked the tip of Jenni's thick cock between breaths, she tried to get every last ounce of cum she could. She didn't want to waste a single drop. 

Jen let out another moan between her gasping breaths as she came again against Mimi's cocks. Her asshole felt just as good as her pussy did now. Was that really because she had grown a prostate, or was it because Jenni just filled her full of cream? Whatever it was, the pleasure that was now racking her body was completely insurmountable. Mimi pinched her eyes shut and Jen looked over her shoulder at the massive tits swinging as she pounded Jen's willing body. Mimi shuddered and mashed her hips against Jen's ass. Her cocks thickened in unison and Jen moaned out as another orgasm rocked her body. The amount of Mimi's orgasm was enough to make Jen cum two or even three times. She had lost count and pressed her face against the chair, poking her ass in the air. She wanted to be full of the woman's seed. She wanted whatever was inside those massive balls that had been slapping against her thighs to unload into her body.

Jen stayed in that position while Mimi slowly withdrew her cocks from Jen. She shivered from the lack of warmth. The presence of both of these women had made her feel safe and warm. After a few minutes of recovery Jen finally turned around from her crouched position. She looked down at her body and saw her stomach bulging out. It was as though she was past the due date of giving birth to a child. How much cum had Mimi unloaded in her?

"Are you sure I am not like... going to get pregnant?" Jen asked... her voice was a bit airy from having a cock shoved down her throat. Why had she pause while speaking? She was normally very eloquent. It didn't matter now; she needed to make sure that everything was going to be fine.

"Silly I already told you this; your body will just absorb it all. Our cum is like so different. I promise, just enjoy it." Jenni said stretching her arms into the air over her head. Her breasts swayed and Jen watched them wiggle before her eyes. Jen looked over at Mimi who was wiping her brow and stretching as well. Her breasts were still leaking that strange fluid from each thick nipple. Jen felt her mouth water as she stared at the woman's chest.

"Did you want a drink?" Mimi asked pushing her hands on the undersides of her breasts, lifting them up a bit in her hands. Jen nodded her head instantly and eagerly. What was wrong with her? Was she really this sex crazed now? Mimi moved closed to Jen and bent forward swinging her massive tits into Jen's vision. Jen felt her eyes go crossed as she tried to focus on a nipple to suckle. She reached hand up tentatively and placed it on the underside gently. She leaned forward and latched her mouth onto her teat. The taste was similar to the cum that Jenni produced. Did they make their fluids taste that way, or was that just how they were? This was a dream world and they could do whatever they wanted really, but Jen still had the question on her mind. She continued to suck the woman's breast eagerly, trying to get as much fluid as possible. Mimi scooped Jen up in her arms and sat down on the chair where Jen had once been relaxing. Her stomach still bulged with the loads from each of the women.

"I think that I won my dear." Mimi said looking over at Jenni. Jenni stamped a foot and stuck out her tongue indignantly.

"You still cheated; you used both of them..." Jenni said crossing her arms over her massive chest. Jen continued to suckle the woman who was now cradling her. She felt secure and warm. Her eyes gently closed and she ran a hand along Mimi's back. Her body felt relaxed and the weight that had been on her shoulders lifted gingerly. She drifted. Darkness overtook her mind.

******

There was a tapping on the door and Jen's eyes shot open in horror. She placed a hand on her stomach to discover that it was still flat and not swollen with cum. She gave out a sigh of relief and turned her chair around to face the door, "Come in." Jen responded straightening her blouse. The buttons that were undone didn't seem to bother her as much as it had this morning. In fact she adjusted her clothing a bit so her breasts were far more noticeable than before. The door gently opened up and Tiffany stepped into the room. She had her glasses in her hand, and her hair was down around her shoulders. Jen tried not to look at the other woman's chest. Had she just sucked milk from Mimi's or was that all a true fantasy? "How can I help you Tiffany?" Jen asked. Her throat felt sore.

"Well it is after six o'clock and yesterday you seemed a bit ill and I wanted to make sure that you were going to get home safe today." She said timidly. Jen felt a smile touch the corner of her lips. She was actually smiling at the woman. She had to belittle her, but Tiffany's skin looked so smooth. What would it be like to touch it? Would Tiffany shiver under her hand?

"I think it would be best if you did take me home. I have a headache and my throat is quite sore." Jen felt the words pour out of her mouth. She didn't want to say that, she wanted to belittle the woman. Why was her body not reacting the way that she wanted it to? Tiffany gave Jen a large smile. She was very cute. There were two dimples that sprouted up on her cheeks, and Jen's breath caught in her chest. Fawning after Tiffany, that was preposterous. Why would she be such a fool to rely on this timid woman, "You can drive my car again if you would like." Jen felt the words escape her lips. She had been meaning to say something else once again, but it seemed any time she spoke she had no control over what came out.
