 Tiffany felt her chest move gently with ease as she took deep breaths. Something was gently rubbing and touching her ass. She kicked her leg forward as a reflex to move whatever it was away from her, but it seemed to slither between her cheeks and gently stroke her backdoor. She kicked her foot again, but the object pushed against her tight hole and she gave out a squeak. It writhed and wriggled and she gave out a startled gasp. It felt extremely good whatever it was doing. She spread her legs a bit allowing it to have better access to her body. She moaned out as it pushed only inches into her tight asshole. It slithered back out and then rubbed along her exposed buttocks. Whatever she had been trying to do earlier to get the thing away she instantly regretted it. Why wouldn't she want to feel this good?

She gently opened her eyes to be greeted by bright noonday sun. There were no clouds to be seen in the bright sky. It seemed to be far too blue. She tilted her head and felt a liquid rubbing against her neck. Didn't she fall asleep in Jen's bedroom last night? Then the flood of memories of what she did popped into her head. She had sex with Jen... with Jen's penis. She shivered and became more aware of the warm liquid pressed all against her body. She lifted her head out of the liquid and heard whispers coming from the other side of where she lay. 

She sat up and the writhing object pushed further into her ass and began to wiggle gently inside of her body. She moaned out and pressed her hands down in the pool of liquid against her thighs, helping to spread them out. It felt so good. She was still extremely disoriented. She was lying in the shallow end of a smooth pool. It had thick white tiles that covered its floor, though the water was extremely murky and she couldn't see further down than two feet at most. It was warm and seemed to roil gentle as though it was a hot tub with low powered jets. She was on the steps at the shallow end and most of her body had been covered in the water, though now that she was sitting up her breasts topped the surface. 

The overwhelming smell of caramel overtook her and she moaned out again as the thing that was in her ass pushed and pressed around in her depths. She looked down, but couldn't see past her thighs in the liquid. She took a deep breath and smelled the pool water. It was the source of the caramel scent. Tiffany's head spun with sexual anticipation. She tried to shake herself out of whatever it was that was holding onto her mind. There wasn't something right about this pool. Something didn't seem quite right to her.

The whispers continued from across the way, but there was a steam rising from the deep end and she could only make out three figures in the mist. She attempted to stand up, but the thing that was giving her so much pleasure kept her at bay. She tipped forward and caught herself on her hands and knees, wincing out as she felt the tile skid against her knee. It stung a bit, but the liquid touched the bottom of her chin and the sensation of the thing pushing around in her depths made her mind seem to skip over the fact that she had just tripped onto all fours in the pool, "Hey... where am I?" She decided that perhaps they could hear her at the other end and they would come over. Tiffany dipped a hand forward in the murky pool and ran it along her leg enjoying the bit of pleasure she was feeling. What was causing her to feel this good though?

She reached a hand down between her legs and touched at her asshole. Nothing was there out of the ordinary that she could feel, but as she prodded the vibrations made her moan out again. The thing spun and twirled and caused her to bite her lip. The smell of Caramel seeped into her nose and her chin pushed against the liquid again. She wondered what it would taste like if she were to just lick her tongue forward... Why would she drink pool water? It was always chlorinated far too much for her liking... but then again this did smell of caramel.

Tiffany dipped her head forward to the surface and opened her mouth. She decided if it tasted too bad she could just spit it out right? The flavor she tasted couldn't be described in what it caused her body to do as a reaction. Her pussy began to burn with a heated lust, and her hand that had once been toying around her asshole trying to discover what was happening back there had decided to move down and rub furiously at her clit. She had lost control of her body. She moaned out as she orgasmed into the pool and the thing in her ass spun once or twice causing her toes to curl with sexual pleasure. It was one of the best orgasms she had ever had from masturbating alone.

She realized that she had moaned out and the misted figures were slowly walking towards her. She moved her hand from between her thighs reluctantly. She could easily cum a second or third time. When her hand was free there was another pressure that was similar to the feeling she had at her asshole. Whatever it was pushing and rubbing in the right places. Tiffany reached her free hand forward and began to rub at her right breast gently stroking her erect nipple. It felt swollen and more malleable in her hand than before. She assumed it had to have been from being under the water... or whatever it was that she was in.

The figures were still some distance away, they seemed to be taking their time, but Tiffany could have sworn that each time they stepped forward the pool would rush with warmth and the thing squirming at her pussy would squirm excitedly. Suddenly she felt it pop into her aching body and she moaned out, then a second pressure and a third followed it. Another moved against her ass. There had to be something in the water that she couldn't see. A panic began to overtake her, but the pleasure she was feeling kept her rooted on her hands and knees. Why couldn't she shout out? She moaned again and lapped her tongue into the liquid like a dog that had been outside for hours in the sun.

Each stroke the things in her body made, the more of the pools liquid she wanted inside of her body. It tasted wonderful and familiar in so many ways. The figures were soon distinguishable. They were females, one had dark skin and the others were tan but not as dark as the figure on the far right. Each had hair that could be considered normal in cartoons but nowhere near the normal color of a girl you see every day. The dark skinned one had a bright red shade of hair that only made her seem more exciting. The other two had nearly white blonde hair that hung in curls over their shoulders. The liquid came up to the tops of their breasts, but Tiffany could tell they were far larger than a normal woman's she had ever seen.

She moaned out again in another fitful orgasm, her right hand still stroking happily against her erect nipple. She licked forward again and blushed realizing that the women were all staring at her as they slowly approached her. The girl in the middle seemed so familiar to her. Then she nearly choked on the pools liquid. It was Jen. The other two she couldn't quite recognize, but Jen was in the middle walking proudly between them. They were much taller than she, and their breasts were far larger than Jen's, though her shape could compare. They were goddesses. They were beyond beautiful. The shape of their plump lips, the way they would sway their hips with each step they took. The water didn't help much with that, but she could imagine that their breasts had a healthy bounce. She could almost picture how perky they were too. 

Tiffany realized that her jaw hung open; she probably looked like a sick sexual slave. Her cheeks turned red when she realized that the thought of being a subordinate of these three women turned her on more than she had anticipated. She felt her cheeks turn an even darker shade of red when she realized that the image of Jen with a cock made her pussy even warmer than before, "Who..." she tried to start, but couldn't help and let out a spine tingling moan as she felt another orgasm roll through her body. Whatever was going on in the pool was incredible.

"Don't worry, like we are here to totally show you the best time." The girl on the left said in a luscious tone. Tiffany lifted her head to try and get a better look at the woman. The water was shallower on this side of the pool and her breasts were fully exposed. Each was capped with a thick thumb like nipple that looked perfect enough for her to suckle. Each breast swayed gently with each breath that the woman took in. Her skin was smooth and flawless, slightly tanned to show off each curve of her thin figure.

"Oh like Tiffany don't worry at all, you see our little friends are helping you to change faster than Jen here. Don't worry though like she will probably grow up to be the little Jenni we always knew she could be." The red haired woman from the right said down to Tiffany. Her breasts, even though Tiffany couldn't believe it, seemed to be larger than the woman on her left. There was a fluid dripping from each nipple and Tiffany felt her mouth water. She moaned again as the things inside of her body squirmed as the red headed woman talked. She must have been controlling them. What were they?

"I see you like Mimi's little friends. They are very naughty, but I bet by now they have made you a pretty sweet prostate by now... by the sounds of it maybe two." Jen said from the middle. Her voice seemed higher pitched than before. Tiffany blinked at what Jen was saying, but the words didn't quite soak in. She couldn't really get a grasp of anything that was being said to her right now. She sat there like an idiot on her hands and knees in the pool moaning out as the invisible things writhed in her body. They felt wonderful though.

"Oh yea... Tiffany that is your name isn't it? I was thinking it was Anni, but that is like totally me. Don't worry you will be just like me one day." The woman on Tiffany's left nearly shouted out as she jumped up and wrapped her arms around her body under her breasts emphasizing the cleavage of the mounds even further. Tiffany felt her head spin and realized for the first time what was happening.

She was hallucinating after having ingested a large amount of Semen from Jen. Jen had sex with her and passed fluids into her body. The fluid that Jen had consumed that contained the bacteria was similar to the caramel pool that she had been lapping up so hungrily before. She tried to analyze the outcome of what was going to happen, but then the things in her body writhed and she felt her body shiver in another orgasm. How many was that now? 

"What.... what is going on inside of my body." Tiffany panted out as she reluctantly let go of her breast.

"Oh those are like Mimi's little friends. I am sure that...." Jen bit her lip and her eyes nearly bulged from their sockets. Her face turned red and she shifted back and forth almost uncomfortably.

"As she was saying they are going to stop soon because they can only do so much unless you drink more of the source. The pool helps, but you need to have the real thing honey." The red headed woman that Tiffany had assumed was Mimi said happily. Jen continued to shift back and forth and she raised a hand to her head nearly pulling her hair. She cocked her head back and let out a throaty moan and the pool warmed around Tiffany. Something strange had just happened to Jen and Tiffany wanted to know so she could try and document it.

"What is going on with Jen?" Tiffany asked trying to hold back her moan as she felt something else squirming against her ass.

"Oh like Mimi's little friends have finally gotten into her cock. They always try and do that, but Jen here was kinda small and they didn't really know how to get in until now. They will swim around and try and make more of their friends so they can play in the pool together." Then it clicked in Tiffany's mind. It was a pool of sperm. The 'friends' that were writhing and twisting in Tiffany's body were sperm. They penetrated Jen's newly formed penis and were coaxing penile penetration orgasms. Tiffany lost her train of thought and moaned out again in another orgasm.

"Let's get you out of the pool for a bit so we can show you a really good time." Mimi said and Anni walked up to Tiffany grabbing a hold of her arm. Jen stood still panting out, her cheeks turning a deeper shade of red. She wasn't going to move for some time. Soon Tiffany was lying on a chair at the pools edge. As soon as she surfaced from the liquid the things slithered out of her exposed holes. She nearly gave out a squeak as they left her. She felt so empty... so alone without them. She tried to shake her head to get rid of the sexual urges that were overtaking her body. Something crazy was going on and she was far from in control at the moment.

Tiffany looked over at Anni who was standing near her left shoulder and she covered her mouth to prevent a shriek from escaping her lips. Anni had a foot long cock drooping from her body, it twitched and pulsed excitedly. Her hips were so shapely and each time Anni shifted that cock would sway happily near her arm. There was no way any of this could be happening. Then she remembered Emily the mouse. Emily had grown a strange anomaly. And the craziest part of all was that the cum she had consumed was self-sustaining. 

Tiffany was grateful for her hands covering her mouth when she nearly shrieked out with another realization. Emily had to be removed from the other specimen because they were getting changed more rapidly and it was messing with Diana's experiment. The liquid she had been drinking was the same as the self-sustaining liquid that Emily could produce. Tiffany had consumed well over a liter of the stuff. She shivered and felt the skin on her arms pebble in the air. What had she done?

"I bet if we stay here for a minute she will touch one of us. Who do you think it will be?" Anni asked, and Mimi shifted a bit to Tiffany's left. She looked over and dropped her hands down and actually did give out a squeal of horror and excitement. Mimi had a pair of cocks where Anni only had one. The size of each seemed about equal. They looked so perfect. The flesh was just a bit darker than Mimi's skin tone. Tiffany reached up a hand and touched the reddish tip of one of the cocks that jutted out from Mimi's hip. The woman cooed in satisfaction and Tiffany rolled a bit to get a better look at them. She ran her hands along the underside, feeling the veins pulsate blood into the heads keeping them stiff and erect.

"Well looks like I get to fuck her ass." Anni said. Tiffany didn't have any time to react before Anni shoved her thick cock against Tiffany's back door. She widened her eyes and squeaked as the other woman pushed forward, her pelvis rubbed back and forth against her ass cheeks. Anni slid back and pushed her cock deep into Tiffany's bowels once again. Tiffany moaned out and let her hands fall to the edge of the chair to keep her upright.

Mimi's hands were soon stroking each one of the giant Fuck Rods in her face. They looked so stiff, and yet so soft at the same time. Tiffany assumed wherever she was at it was as close to heaven as she would ever get. Anni thrust forward forcefully into Tiffany's ass once more and Tiffany moaned out in lust. The woman pounding away at her back door shuddered and shivered each time that she thrust forward. Tiffany watched as Mimi continued to play with her thick vein covered dongs. They were so juicy, dripping pre cum all over the floor in front of her as her hands worked at each of the stiff heads. Tiffany's hands were still gripping at the edge of the chair where she was hunched over on her knees. She felt her breasts swing forward each time Anni thrust in and out of her tight back door. She had never expected anal sex to feel as good as it did, but something made her hunger for more.

Tiffany shivered and gave out a moan as juice dripped out her warm pussy and down her inner thigh as her body was wracked with yet another orgasm. How could you feel this much pleasure in such a small amount of time? Whatever was going on, it must have been caused by whatever Jen had done to her that night. Jen had corrupted her. Jen had spoiled all of her plans... could it really be called spoiling though with the pleasure that she was feeling? Could this ecstasy really be considered a bad thing? Maybe the bacterium was actually a way of Tiffany getting out of her shell. Maybe it was a way that she could actually enjoy life. She blinked her eyes still fixated on the thick cocks being stroked near her face. She did enjoy life outside of having sex though. She enjoyed working at the lab and pushing boundaries of humanity to better oneself and push the limit of life just an inch further. Anni stuffed into her back door further and Tiffany let out a soft moan. This did feel incredible though. Why couldn't she enjoy having sex with these giant women just as much as she did working at the lab?

Tiffany gripped at the edge of the chair harder, her knuckles turning white as she felt another orgasm roll through her pussy and body. Maybe sex was a bit better than work at the lab though. Besides, the bacteria that had been created at the lab were creating this experience. She was part of the human trial now, and what was the point in ignoring it and not at least enjoying just a little bit. Something in Tiffany's mind put her at ease. She felt her body relax. Anni grunted and Tiffany felt as the strange woman's thick balls slapped forward against her pussy. Tiffany had never dreamed about doing anything like this before, at least not with women that had cocks. That was a new edition that didn't seem to bother her. She would be able to get the best of both worlds. Women did have beautiful figures, but there was always something that made her mouth water when she saw a massive cock. Tiffany opened her mouth inviting Mimi to stuff one of her dripping cocks in. Mimi giggled and stepped closer to Tiffany. She grabbed a hold of the one hanging to the left and guided it gently against Tiffany's tongue. The sweet flavor of caramel swirled in her mouth and she moaned out another orgasm push your pussy.

Each time that sweet nectar poured into her body, pleasure beyond her wildest imagination would roll through her body. Tiffany hungrily slurped the rest of Mimi's cock into her mouth, until it brushed the back of her throat. She coughed and choked on the stiff meat, but couldn't seem to resist on taking it back out. She wanted it to be all the way inside of her. She began to hungrily bounce her head up and down, back and forth on Mimi's stiff cock. The woman cooed with satisfaction and continued to stroke her free cock, though with a bit more enthusiasm. Tiffany wrapped her lips around the one in her mouth and sucked on it hard, trying to coax more of the woman's precum to splash into her body. Mimi pinched her eyes and moaned out for the first time. Her voice was airy and made the hair on Tiffany's neck stand up on end. Anni, who was still thrusting away, began to shake a bit and her thrusts had begun to grow irregular and more erratic. Tiffany sucked hard again on Mimi's cock coaxing another moan from the woman.

Anni gripped roughly at Tiffany's hips and her cock lurched thickening and Tiffany gave out a surprised squeak, though it was muffled from the girl meat that she was choking down. Her pussy fluttered with another orgasm in unison with Anni. Tiffany could tell that her body was being filled with the giantess's seed, but she couldn't quite feel it pouring in. She hungrily slathered her tongue along the underside of Mimi's cock and wrapped her lips around it again. She sucked hard and pushed her throat forward. Mimi shivered and her cock thickened against the roof of Tiffany's mouth. A torrent of hot caramel coated Tiffany's throat in an instant. Mimi's right hand was a blur as she stroked the free cock tenaciously. She moaned out and a thick rope of cum splashed on Tiffany's left eye. She quickly pinched it shut and tried to smile but forgot that the other woman's second cock was still pouring a hefty load of cum into her stomach. Black spots began to fill her vision, and Tiffany felt her body growing weak. She quickly popped the cock free from her lips and a few final spurts of cum splashed against her face and breasts in copious amounts from the duo of cocks. Mimi grabbed both and pointed them at Tiffany, who was now gasping for breath.
