 "That cab driver really wanted these in his ass didn't he?" Didi asked Jenni as they made their way towards the elevator through the parking garage. She gently flicked the tip of her cock for emphasis. The giggle that followed only meant that she enjoyed it all too much. He really had nearly begged them to fuck him senseless. It was too bad they needed to find Tiffany to help her find the true meaning of her life. Jenni tossed the scrap of paper that had the address of her work place written on it. She wasn't going to need to come back to work here anymore. She had no need for work now that she was Jenni the old bossy bitch Jen was gone and now the strong powerful Jenni was born. She needed to thank the person that transformed her. Mimi wasn't very quiet about that and she now knew exactly who it was that needed to be thanked.

"I didn't know guys could suck cock that well but it wasn't as fun as when we played with each other while he watched and jerked himself off. It's a shame he couldn't last longer than five minutes though. Really where is the fun in that?" Jenni laughed out as she thought back to how quick he was to strip down for them. 

"The fun was that we got more attention in the end... which is fine by me." Didi raised a hand for a high five and Jenni returned it with a satisfied smile. He did a good job at getting her off, but tiffany could probably do it better. All they had to do was find the little Tif Tif though. It had been Jenni's idea to cover them before they went outside, but the extra lab coats that Didi had lying around her house were itchy and barely covered anything. She had to hold the bottom of the coat to barely cover the tip of her penis while they were hailing the taxi. Didi had a similar problem, but she didn't complain about the comfort. IT must have been because she was so used to wearing them in the lab or something along those lines. Jenni looked over to see Didi unbuttoning the smock. Her stomach and edges of her breasts were exposed and she felt her heartbeat pulse in her fingertips. They hadn't had enough fun today, was there a problem with just toying around for a minute?

Jenni reached out a playful hand a touched smooth curves of Didi's pelvis that guided down to her thick swaying meaty cock. Didi cooed in delight but her eyes quickly went full, "We need to get inside the building and find Tif Tif, she could be scared or thirsty and might need to eat and drink from us. We probably should save some for her." Jenni reluctantly nodded. Didi, though as sexually driven as she, had a smart head about her. That must be an advantage of having known more about the thing that changed her. Jenni wasn't angry at Tif for changing her. No in fact she was beyond welcoming now. She had spent glorious amounts of time in orgasmic ecstasy these past few days for anything else in the world to matter. The pair of them reached the elevator and they stepped inside. She had forgotten which floor was hers, but with a careful look at the buttons there was one that was used more than the others. Didi discovered that and not herself. That woman really was rather intelligent.

The doors slid closed and Jenni unbuttoned her coat as well. It was erotic to have it partially opened the way it was though. She could see a perfect skin trail that led between her heavy breasts down across her smooth and soft stomach to the base of a thick veined cock that was slowly starting to grow with her new arousal. She just needed to unload a bit of sperm into something. Her balls churned and she could feel a new pressure inside her body that was unfamiliar. It wasn't painful, but it wasn't normal either. She shivered and dropped to the floor. A thick glob of precum leaked out onto the elevator. It was clear and the space filled with a smell of something even more sweetly than before. That strange churning suddenly pulsated and her cock thickened and another rope of precum dribbled onto the floor. Something thicker though still clear dropped out. The precum writhed and moved on the floor a few times and Jenni stood up quickly away from the pile that she had just created.

"Oh hey looks like your little friends decided it was time to show up! I have had mine for a while. Didn't you notice back at my house?" Didi asked as the elevator continued to zoom up to Jenni's old work floor. She tried to think back to the room they had found Didi in, but she couldn't recall sperm that moved. Then the pool that was filled with her cum. It wasn't her cum though, it was like there had been someone else and she was someone different other than who she was now, but wasn't she always this way? Her head began to hurt and that strange churning in her balls made her writhe with the need to unload into someone or something and quickly. She clenched her fist trying not to stroke her cock. It would feel so good, but it would also mean that Tif could possibly die from hunger and they didn't want that. They wanted her to be a part of them forever. They all three needed to be together sharing in each other's new love.

The elevator slowed to a stop and the familiar ring let them know they arrived at the floor. The doors slid open and the dark hallway to where the cubicles were was dark and eerie. Jenni wrapped her arms across her middle under her breasts. It was actually cold, and the darkness didn't help the feeling that something bad was going to happen. Why would someone attack a contracting firm though? It wasn't like they had contracted bad companies at all. The only company that really could be considered abnormal was the laboratory that Tif worked for in her evenings. It had been the reason she picked on her so much before these changes. They weren't evil though, just filled with strange new things. Jenni never told tiffany the reason she had been hired though. It was a part of the contract so they could get better professional trained staff at the laboratory and they contracted out some of their lab assistants. Tiffany just thought that she wasn't earning enough money to support herself, but that was because of cutbacks the lab staged to make them feel the need for another job. The only place that was hiring that worked with another schedule was their firm. It wasn't too elaborate and actually quite normal if you think about it, but the company wasn't evil for doing it.

They stepped out of the elevator and the doors slid closed behind them. The only thing that could make this feel any darker would be a random light that flicked on and off. She shivered again and ran her hands up and down on the scratchy lab coat. Didi didn't seem bothered, but she was also breathing quite heavy. Each time her chest would rise and fall, Jenni would become aware of her own. The fabric rubbed and brushed against her nipples begging her to stop and just let off some steam right then and there. Was Tif waiting to attack them, or were they in the wrong spot all together? She might have gone to the lab, but that is where Didi wanted to go... and Didi wasn't thinking quite right as of now. She looked over at the woman who was idly poking at one of the cocks that was slowly swelling with arousal. How would it be to have two of them to play with? Jenni felt her own body starting to respond and with a new determination she looked forward and started to walk down the hall. Her cock bounced against her leg and soon it stiffened and swayed into her vision. She stifled a moan from the excitement of seeing her own erect cock. It was still so wonderful to feel it and have it. She was glad to be Jenni and no one could tell her otherwise.

Didi walked close to her almost pressing her breasts against Jenni's arm as though she could protect her. There wasn't going to be anything bad in the building but she didn't protest the feeling of warmth emanating from her new friend. They walked into the bull pit and could see a faint lamp light that illuminated one of the cubicles that sat on the far side of the room. It was Tiffany's. It was exactly where she thought the other woman would go. How could she read into the other so easily? 

Jenni nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard a soft groan come from the cubicle that sat not more than twenty feet away. She looked at Didi who nodded and the two of them started walking quickly over to see what was going on. As they approached, the sweet familiar scent of cum wafted into Jenni's nose. She felt electricity spark through her and she dived around the corner to find a small spill of white semen on the ground. The floor looked empty and she shook her head in confusion. Where would Tif run off to after making that much cum? It wasn't a large amount but it was enough to show that whoever had sex here did it more than once. She looked around the corner to see Tiffany hugging the leg of her desk with her eyes closed. Her stomach was swollen and there was white fluid leaking from between her legs. One of her hands was busy scooping up the liquid. In a mechanic motion she would bring her hand to her lips and lap it up like a dog and then dropped her hand back down to catch anymore that leaked from her body. Jenni tried to hold back but she couldn't hold it any longer.

She reached a palm forward and rubbed it gently on the head of her thick cock. She gave out a soft moan and spread her legs. The sound of precum slickening the tip of her cock was emphasized in the overly quiet that filled the office. Tiffany looked up and squeaked but she didn't stop licking the cum from between her fingers. Her eyes went wide and Jenni could tell that she was afraid of what was happening. Where was Mimi? She could help Tif accept what was going on with her body. Jenni heard the squelching of her hand stroking her cock and the tingling sensation of yet another orgasm rising. She moaned again suddenly an open palm slapped her bare ass. She turned still stroking her cock to see Didi looking at her with a disappointed frown. Jenni looked back down at Tiffany who was petting her damp pussy on rhythm with Jenni. Was she actually asking to share in their pleasure?

"Hi Tiffany did you decide that we are much more fun than this stuffy office?" Didi asked her hands both twisting gently on the loose flesh of her penises getting them harder by each movement her wrists made. Jenni reluctantly let go of her own. The need to unload was now the only thing on her mind. Maybe Tiffany would be willing to help. She moved into the open space of the cubicle. Her chair was toppled over and the ground had more splatters of cum that she hadn't seen before. The sound of her moaning made goose bumps prickle on the insides of Jenni's legs. She felt her ass dimple with sexual anticipation and she fell to the ground seeing her former employee petting herself to orgasm with a newer determination she had never before seen in the woman. It was like they were once strangers who now understood each other on a much deeper level than before. Jenni reached a hand out and brushed some of the nearly white blonde hair that was covering a part of Tiffany's face. It slid away like silk on her gentle smooth flesh. Jenni swallowed and watched tiffany moan out in another orgasm. Jenni's cock dripped precum onto the ground and the new sticky pile writhed and wiggled reminding her that her friends wanted to play, if only for just a minute.

She reached her hands out and pulled tiffany away from the leg of the desk she had once been holding onto as though to hide herself. She rolled onto her back and the way that her stomach was filled it appeared like she was nine months pregnant. Who had filled her with that much cum in such a short amount of time? Jenni looked around and saw Didi staring down at the pair of them with her mouth open slightly. Her hands were working at the tips of her cocks and copious amounts of precum were dribbling onto the floor. The sound of the dripping liquid made Jenni's own cock pulsate and splash some more onto the hard mat as well. Tiffany looked up at the two of them, her eyes begging them to not do it but her free hand tried to reach up to touch Jenni's cock. She felt it stiffen at the heat of the smaller woman's hand and in a flash she tugged Tiffany along the floor to position her open mouth near the tip of her cock. Didi gave out a squeal and darted across the small cubicle space. She dropped to her knees and lifted Tiffany's lower body and pointed both of her cocks at Tif's ass and pussy. Tiffany reluctantly moved her hand out of the way, and in the same movement Jenni moved her cock closer to Tiffany's slack jawed mouth inviting her to suck. 

Tiffany moved her head and the warmth and wetness of her mouth enveloped Jenni's stiff precum dripping cock. The sensation was powerful and Jenni gave out a squeak. Her cheeks burned Tiffany raised a hand and cupped the balls that were swinging in her vision. She rubbed and gently squeezed them, Jenni pinched her eyes shut and moaned out in joy. Suddenly Tiffany jolted forward and the entirety of Jenni's cock was pushed into her throat. She opened her eyes to see both of Didi's cocks stuffed to the hilt into both of Tiffany's available holes. It looked so hot that Jenni actually dropped a hand between her legs and started to play with her pussy. She shivered as her fingers went inside. She felt her cock stiffen and more precum dribble into Tiffany. Her breasts swayed with each motion, and after the few seconds that Didi held her cock in the tight confines of Tif's body she withdrew and pushed them back with a rough force. 

Tiffany's mouth dragged on and off Jenni's cock in the same motion and Jenni moaned out again, each time Didi would slam her heavy balls against Tiffany's smooth ass her cock would jam into the back of the willing woman's throat. Her fingers continued to dig at her wet pussy with a newer desire. She wanted to feel that pleasure of cumming on the woman's face. Not only in her mouth but everywhere she could. Tiffany's hands reached up from the balls she had once been cupping. She moved them around and drew small circles on the smooth skin of Jenni's ass. She cooed in satisfaction, and Tiffany continued to move her hands around. She slid them gently down between Jenni's ass cheeks and her fingers danced and toyed with the entrance of her puckered hole. Jenni moaned with anticipation of what was about to happen. Didi slammed forward again and Tiffany moaned around the cock that was stuffed into her mouth. Her tongue darted around the tip of Jenni's penis and she moaned again as Didi pulled back out and slid back forward, the sawing motion rubbing and touching every part of Tiffany that needed to be pleasured.

Tiffany's fingers jammed forward shakily. It was as though she had lost complete control of her body and was just an object of desire. The thought made Jenni moan out again in pleasure. She just wanted to be an object of pleasure as well. With forceful motion, four of her fingers dove into Jenni's puckered ass. The feeling of them rubbing and twisting inside her body made her cock stiffen and lurch more precum into Tiffany. She moaned and wiggled her hips trying not to orgasm. It was too difficult. With her fingers darting around inside of her pussy, Tiffany twisting and rubbing at her prostate, and that hot sticky warmth of Tiffany's mouth she was too close to the verge not to fall into orgasmic bliss. Her cock stiffened and lurched, her balls twisting and churning with cum. Tiffany's mouth opened wider and Jenni pushed the entirety of her shaft down her throat. Her cock bulged as cum erupted from her body to fill Tiffany's stomach. It pulsated thick ropes of cum into the woman. One load after the next erupted. The fingers in her ass continued to twisted and bend poking and prodding. Her tight pussy clamped down on her fingers and fluttered in orgasm. She moaned out throatily as each torrent of seed unloaded into Tiffany's body. Jenni closed her eyes and raised her face to the ceiling moaning again and again like a cheap whore from a foreign film. 

Didi squeaked to remind Jenni that she was still there. Jenni looked back to see the woman's fucking had grown erratic since she herself started orgasming. The other woman's cheeks were a deep red, and she was covered in slick sweat. Her thick breasts swayed heavily and bounced as she jammed her cocks to hilt in both Tiffany's ass and pussy. She wished she could have two cocks like her friend, maybe if she had some more of Didi's cum she could grow one too. Her cock began to soften in Tiffany's mouth; the willing hole was still running her tongue in circles around the crown. It began to grow sensitive and she pulled it free. The sound of it popping free from Tiffany's lips made Jenni shudder. The other woman took deep breaths and Jenni looked and watched her heavy chest rise and fall. Her stomach looked distended and overly full. Would she die if she had too much cum? Didi gripped her hands into Tiffany's hips and pushed herself forward. With a guttural moan Didi jammed herself to the hilt again and her body went rigid in orgasm. She moaned and Tiffany moaned out. Her voice was muffled and hushed under Jenni's body. She moved back so she could see into the other woman's eyes. They were covered in clear liquid from her orgasm and she covered her mouth to stifle a giggle. Tiffany's fingers reluctantly popped free from her ass as she slid away. 

Her hands were stretched above her head, her eyes closed to prevent Jenni's pussy juices from leaking into them. There was a small amount of cum draped across her lips, her breasts were swaying heavily each time Didi shivered, indicating a thick rope of cum was flooding into both her ass and pussy. Her stomach moved and churned as more cum pulsated into her body. She was wearing heels and her feet were planted at either side of Didi's hips making the entrance to her body easier. Didi shivered once, twice, and with a satisfied coo she relaxed. She slid backwards reluctantly and looked at the woman that was lying on her back with her eyes covered in Jenni's juices. Tiffany giggled and wiped at the cunny juice on her face. She licked her hands free and she wiped more and more of it free from her vision. She shivered and goose bumps prickles along her flesh, her nipples stood out stiffly into the air. Jenni licked her lips and looked down at the woman they had just ravaged. She was perfect and beautiful. How could anyone not want to fuck her over and over again? She realized that one of her hands had actually started to try and stroke her cock erect again. If they fucked her again though she could die from too much cum being dumped into her body, right? She looked around hoping that Mimi could tell them what would happen to Tiffany, but the three of them were alone in the office.

"Hey Tiffany what were you doing here anyway?" Didi asked as she slid back on her ass on the cold mat that covered the floor. Jenni wanted to ask the same question so she waited for a response. Tiffany panted a few times her eyes still closed. Her stomach wiggled a bit and she rubbed it gently with her fingertips. Jenni watched her still with a hand on her dick. She felt it twitch at the sight and let it go quickly trying not to coax more pleasure from herself. She could be heartless, but Tiffany was in no shape to have more cum fill her body, "Also who like stuffed you so full of cum you couldn't like move anymore?" Didi asked tilting her head to the side and giggling as a bit of cum leaked from one of Tiffany's holes on to the ground. It was a lot of cum that had been poured into her body, who could have made that much?

"I..." Tiffany coughed and shuddered more cum leaked from her body onto the floor, "I came here to like get my badge to lock myself away in the lab... so I didn't transform." Tiffany's voice was harsh and Jenni could only assume that was because of her rough face fuck she just gave her. She looked down at the ground almost ashamed, but realized what it was Tiffany had said.
