 The sound of metal and glass sliding against each other woke Tiffany. She looked around the room that she was in. Everything was white and sterile. Wasn't she in her office last time she was awake? Who had moved her, for what purpose, and how? A floodgate of questions began to roil through her mind. A sudden tingling in her stomach made her attention move from the room to her own body. She then remembered the last state of things. Ani had appeared to her and the two of them... She felt her heart leap into her throat. What had she done? She looked down at her stomach, and to her surprise it was no longer distended and hanging oddly off her body. She was still in the nude and her purse and clothing was nowhere to be seen. Tiffany stood up in a flash, and that same strange tingling sensation in her stomach made her groan out. It wasn't painful, but it wasn't delightful either. She scanned the room and saw a hard cot sitting at the far corner of the room. It was white as well, making it hard to see at first.

In a flash Tiffany darted across the small space. She sat down and wrapped her arms around her stomach to try and keep warm. The room wasn't freezing, but the lack of anything in it made it feel colder than it really was. She frowned at the shape of her bust. It looked so full with her arms pushing them together. They were far larger than she had ever imagined though. They stood out heavily away from her body, and only requested the attention of anyone who walked past her. Tiffany grunted as the strange tingling spread through her legs and down to her toes. What was causing that feeling? She stood up again and danced from foot to foot to try and relieve herself of the odd sensation. She moved around the room in a clockwise rotation. She looked at each wall but was unable to find anywhere that would let her open a door. 

Just as she thought she saw something that looked like a handle the wall moved to reveal a glass partition. Standing on the other side was Jen and Diana. The two of them were standing completely nude, their heavy breasts and thick phalluses made Tiffany rethink their names. These were no longer Jen and Diana. These were the alter egos that she had met in the dream world, well Diana she hadn't met in the dream world but she suspected that she had gone to the same place. They had all been exposed to that strange material that Jayme had messed up, how long ago was that? Tiffany raised a hand to her mouth in shock, her eyebrows climbing up her forehead. She was starting to show symptoms of cognitive functions. She didn't resist the strange dream girl... and she had also accepted Jen and Diana back at the office.

The memory of what had happened zoomed back through her mind. She could remember the two of them unclothing themselves, kneeling down and.... oh God what had she done? Tiffany's hands began to shake and her knees felt weak. She dropped to the floor and raised one shaky hand to the glass partition. Jen hunched down, the tip of her thick cock brushing the ground in front of her. Jen's cheeks turned red and her mouth opened a bit. She reached a hand forward and touched the glass right where Tiffany's hand was placed, "it's okay Tiffany, you will be safe here. Didi explained to me about the lab testing facilities. They had overnight rooms and the like. We just had to get you into a contamination room until you accepted us and Ani. It's like good for you." Jen tilted her head with a smile and nodded at Tiffany, whose heart was now pounding so loud in her ears it was difficult to think. Was that because of the rushing sound of blood in her ears, or was that the bacteria changing her thinking reflexes?

"It's okay Tif Tif; Sato has always treated you and me well. I mean think about it, we never could have been exposed to such a wonderful transformation if we both hadn't worked here." Didi said as one of her hands snaked around one of her cocks mindlessly. She stroked at the tip and a drop of precum dribbled slowly in a long string onto the ground. Tiffany felt her body shake with both rage and cold. How could she have let herself become this exposed to an untested drug. Why had she taken it in the first place to give to her boss that she had thought was a bitch? The woman still was a bitch, but for entirely different reasons. She felt a tear stream down her cheek and she curled up her fingers into a fist. She hit the glass and Jen pulled her hand away and stood back up. Tiffany pounded her fist again, but the glass was shatterproof. She had worked at Sato long enough to know that the contamination rooms were far more secure than most places.

"I don't blame Sato or even think that Sato Corporation is a part of this at all, I think that this is just a foolish mistake that I like made..." Tiffany bit her lip in frustration. Her voice seemed more airy and bubbly. Was she always that dumb sounding? She looked down feeling ashamed of herself. Her breasts did look bigger. She had to hold back raising a hand to them. They would be fun to play with if only for a few minutes. She looked back up and Diana was covering her mouth, clearly hiding a frown from the other woman. Jen's cheeks were still red and she was stroking at her penis slowly and gently. She had grown too aroused from it touching the ground. She rubbed at the tip and raised her head back, the cascade of her golden curls tussled at the top of her ass. She was beautiful in every sense of the word. Her heavy breasts began to shake as she stroked at her erection, and Diana quickly reached a hand over to touch Jen's arm.

"We can't do that yet Jen; we need to wait for Tiffany." She jerked her head to the side as though Tiffany couldn't hear a word of it, but Jen reluctantly removed her fingers from their lock on her penis and she frowned down.

"This will probably hurt in a minute, but in the end if it is for our little Tif Tif..." Jen was cut off as the partition between the glass and Tiffany slid back into place. She stood there with her fists balled up out of anger. Why was she locked away, when they were the ones that were contaminated? Where was security at this hour? There were normally a few men who made rounds that would notice two crazed women that were completely nude and had large phalluses protruding from their pelvis. She didn't care who you were, the site was strange and begged to be addressed. Tiffany moved in a circle again her hand running through her hair as she scrubbed at her scalp out of frustration. She hadn't really been aware of the coloration until then and stopped to admire it. The color was a deep platinum blonde, and it somehow kept a perfect curl that fell loose between her fingertips. She ran a hand through her hair and the sensation of the ends rubbing against her back made her giggle.

In that moment she became aware more of her appearance than before. It had grown normal for Jen to be tanned and large breasted, but that was only because of how much exposure to the other woman Tiffany had had. However long ago it was since she was exposed to the bacteria, but Jen was now tanned and blonde haired. She was gorgeous in every sense of the word, but just by looking down at herself Tiffany could tell that she was growing more attractive by the minute. Maybe exposure to the bacteria wasn't that bad of a thing after all. Maybe she wouldn't show the same symptoms as the others, but then again her cognitive functions were declining and rapidly.

That odd tingling sensation in Tiffany's stomach made her stop pacing. She sat down on the ground against one of the walls that wasn't connected to the partition. She gave out a sigh and a shiver. Goose bumps prickled across her arms and legs and her nipples stood erect in the air. She could just touch them for a minute and admire the new coloration of her skin. She raised a hand and looked at her fingers. They seemed to be perfectly manicured and dainty. Her hands were always mannish before, so seeing such delicate features on her was a surprise. Then to her shock there was a burning in her stomach that made her feel as though she had eaten horrible Mexican food. She doubled over and wrapped her hands against her stomach in surprise. Tiffany uttered a moan of pain as the burning ran up her middle and through her chest. It seemed to both burn inside her body and along her skin. It felt like someone was running a hot lamp across her skin and it was burning every inch that it touched, but just as it moved her skin would feel normal. She gave out a howl and held tight at her stomach.

The burning sensation that moved from her middle finally stopped when it reached her head. Her mind began to grow fuzzy through the pain. The burning slowed to a steady pulse in her middle and Tiffany gave out a sigh of relief. She breathed heavily and tried to sit back up to only be surprised by the burning returning. This time it moved down through her hips and to the tips of her toes. She curled them in shock and dropped to her back in surprise. The fire like burning then stopped and settled in her nethers. It twisted and pulsated, like the power of a river getting caught on a bank and forming an eddy. It swirled and burned on her skin and inside of her body. Tiffany moaned out again feeling her body shake in pain. Just as the pain grew to a state of being unbearable the eruption of something pleasant shuddered through her body. Her groan of pain turned into a throaty moan as she climaxed. The twisting sensation rotated around again the same burning pain pulsated through her body, and once again just as the pain became too much a sudden rocket of pleasure made her toes and fingers curl in another mind blowing orgasm.

Tiffany lay panting on the ground staring at the white ceiling in shock. What was going on? The burning made her pinch her eyes shut and she growled between gritted teeth. It hurt so bad that she pounded a fist against the ground. The only action she could do was spread her legs to try and remove the pain from between them. As she moved the sensation of pleasure rolled across her body. She opened her eyes and relaxed her jaw. This time the sensation of pleasure lasted longer than before. She moaned as orgasm after orgasm rolled through her body. Her nipples stood on end and her fingers clawed at the ground around her. She felt her fluids pool on the ground under her thighs. It felt warm and sticky, but she couldn't move. More and more pleasure rocketed through her and she bridged herself supporting her body on her head and feet. Her hands stayed balled up on the floor and she gave out a throaty moan in pleasure.

The partition opened once more, but Tiffany was enjoying the sensation too much to focus on it. The world went black and she recognized that it had to be because she closed her eyes. Tiffany tried to open them but her body didn't respond. The orgasmic wave of pleasure seemed to slow, but the steady pulsating didn't cease. Hands wrapped around her and she was scooped up into someone's arms. They had large breasts and there was a familiar smell that made her moved her head closer to the person cradling her in their arms like a small child. She was moved from the spot she had been in. Where were they taking her? Tiffany opened her mouth to speak, but only a moan escaped her lips and she dropped her head back into the arm that was supporting her. Even the action of attempting to speak was too difficult with the amount of pleasure she was feeling. She felt a small amount of drool dribble onto the person holding her. She felt embarrassed but was unable to react to make it better.

Just as sudden as she had been picked up and cradled, she was once again sitting on the cold hard ground. The sensation of pleasure slowed, but the sound of another partition closing sounded out in the room. Finally Tiffany's body released the strange hold it had on her before. She was paralyzed with pleasure, and someone had moved her without her being able to respond physically. What was going on? Tiffany opened her eyes slowly, but the bright white lights made her squint. She raised a hand to shade the light from her face and slowly her vision returned. Both Jen and Diana were staring down at her with large smiles plastered on their faces. She was moved into the same room as them, but who had moved her? These two smelled similar, but the person that moved her had a unique scent. Tiffany sat up and the other two women moved aside.

She moved a hand to her head to stop it from spinning. There was so much that had happened it was too much for her to comprehend it all. She looked around the room, and it was the same familiar white. She had worked at Sato long enough to know the observation theatre room. She had only been invited to watch from the audience chair once and that was during the operation of someone getting a mechanical arm where they had once undergone an amputation in an accident. It was fascinating to watch, but why was she in the room with Jen and Diana on the floor. She realized that the operation table and equipment had been removed from the building. There was no other object to be seen in the round room but her and the two other women. They were completely alone.

A strange tugging on her thigh made Tiffany's attention drop down to between her legs. She gave out a gasp of shock to see something she had not expected to see in her entire life. A large flaccid human phallus rested on her leg. The skin looked smooth and slightly tanner than the rest of her already sun darkened body. Her hands were planted on the ground from keeping her from toppling over. Tiffany felt herself shudder and she looked up to the two women in shock, "What... what is that?" Her voice felt higher, but it was always that high wasn't it? She shook her head but everything grew difficult to focus on.

"Oh we put it there as a joke." Diana said giggling and looking up quickly at Jen who also giggled back.

"Yea it isn't real at all." Jen said bending down to eye level with Tiffany who looked at the woman with shock. It wasn't real, that would explain why it felt so strange to have it laying on her leg, "I am sure if you just pull you might get it off. Don't pull too hard though we don't want to break it." Jen said giggling again covering her mouth. Tiffany nodded and looked back down at the strange penis between her legs. Maybe the person that moved her put it there as a joke. She could have sworn there was another reason that a woman would have a penis, but she couldn't remember what it had been that caused. She almost giggled herself at the thought of a woman with a penis.

She reached a hand out and grabbed at the middle of the cock. A tingling ran up her middle and the phallus stiffened between her fingers. She pulled at it, but it didn't move a single inch. She looked up in despair at Jen who was sitting close to her. What a good friend she had that was showing that much concern. Diana was now kneeling next to her as well, "It is like stuck or something." Tiffany wailed as tears collected in the corners of her eyes. The sensation of the strange penis was unique though. It didn't feel like it was a part of her, but at the same time it did feel like it was.

"Maybe it is stuck, try pushing then pulling." Jen put a hand on her shoulder and Tiffany nodded. She really did have a great friend to help her through something so strange. Tiffany moved her hand back, the skin on the cock moved with her grip and then she moved it back forward hoping it would tug free. It didn't budge, so she moved her hand again hoping to coax it free from her body. It didn't move, but a strange tingling began to follow each motion she made. She tried again and this time ti wasn't a tingling but something pleasurable. She did the motion again and felt her cheeks turn red. She opened her mouth and moved her hand again trying to remove the foreign object from her body. The penis wasn't large; it was no bigger than four or five inches. Tiffany moved her hand again and bit the corner of her lip between her teeth. It felt incredible to try and get the thing off her body.

"It does look pretty stuck on there, maybe if you try to move your hand faster you can get it off easier." Diana said leaning forward and to watch Tiffany move her hand. She pushed and pulled on the object faster than before. The burning of pleasure and the tingling sensation throughout her body made her nipples stand on end. It was incredible. Tiffany grunted and her toes curled. Why did this feel as good as it did? She released her lip from between her teeth and gave out a gentle moan that she tried to stifle quickly. Her friends couldn't know that this was feeling as good as it was. They shouldn't know how much of a pervert she was. Her hand continued to tug at the cock when a new sensation erupted through her body.

Tiffany gritted her teeth and leaned back on the hand that was supporting her. She planted her feet on the ground and lifted her ass off the cold floor. The cock she had been tugging at didn't tug free, but the sensation of a unique orgasm rocketed through her body. She moaned out between clenched teeth and to her surprise the cock between her fingers thickened and a thick stream of sweet smelling cum poured out. From the angle she was sitting in it splashed across her face and breasts. The sound of it hitting the floor echoed around the room with a heavy thud. She didn't stop tugging on the cock though. It felt too good to stop the motion on the penis. Another rope of cum splashed across her face and some landed in her gritted teeth. She quickly licked her tongue forward to wipe it free. The flavor was unmatched in anything she had tried before.

Finally the burning pleasure subsided and Tiffany fell onto the ground, the sticky cum that had landed on the ground collected around her shoulders. With each breath she took she could feel the sticky material moving slowly down from her breasts and stomach. It dripped longingly. The scent of the sweet aroma made her head spin. What was this? What was happening? The little bit of mind she could muster reminded her that she was supposed to resist the need to touch and feel a penis, but her body begged to retrace her hands along her skin. What was going on with her? Tiffany attempted to will herself to stop, but just as she began to pour over the thought in her mind a voice rang out through an intercom in the room, "That was a nasty trick there." The voice was familiar. It eased through the room like warm butter being spread across bread. Tiffany opened her eyes and tilted her head. The strange sensation of her phallus lying on her lower stomach made her attention draw back to her body. Perhaps it wasn't that bad of a situation. She really did want to be a happy person, and having this wasn't going to make her unhappy right?

She tried to stop rationalizing when a voice whispered in her ear, "It's like fine, embrace me and make us one." Tiffany tilted her head to see no one leaning over her shoulder. She could see the knees of Jen and she looked up to see Jen smiling at the glass panel of the theatre room they were in. Tiffany tried to sit up, but she felt heavy and her limbs were stiff from so much work. She twisted a couple of more times but gave up the fight, "I think that you should get a bit of revenge yourself Tif Tif, or are you Anni yet?" It was sensual and strong. Who could it be? The voice was beyond familiar. She looked over her other shoulder to see Diana rubbing her breasts with each hand and breathing heavily. Her two fuck sticks bobbed as blood pulsated through them. Her arousal only made Tiffany's already waning mind begin to falter further. She was going to be lost. The sudden realization of what had transpired crashed over her shoulders.

She was transforming into them. She was going through the final stages. Her mind was being broken to be nothing more than a cum dumpster. Was that such a bad thing though? She did love cock, and who was to say that she couldn't love one of her own? The thought sent a jolt of pleasure through her body in a wave that made her nearly orgasm. Was it a good thing to want to be like them? Maybe she could just give up and enjoy a real life with these other two, and possibly the third in the Theatre room. Another wave of pleasure washed over her as she thought about doing nothing but pleasing these other women. It could be fun after all. She giggled and covered her mouth immediately shocked that she had laughed out loud to her own mental thoughts. Jen's warm face beamed at her. The way Tiffany was laying it was difficult to see past her enormous chest to actually see her face, but she reciprocated the smile. Jen was once so evil, but what made her evil? Tiffany couldn't even remember what had caused her to hate the woman. 
