 The lights in the room dimmed and Tiffany looked around her only to realize that she was still lying naked with Jenni and Didi sitting near her. The strange pulse on her thigh reminded her exactly what it was she had just done and what had just happened to her. She felt so thirsty though. Tiffany shivered and covered her breasts with her arms as she wrapped herself up in a hug. She felt cold and empty inside. Something needed to fill her, but she couldn't quite put a finger on what it was that she wanted to be filled with. She felt her mouth water and she looked over at Jenni. She was so cute. Her hand was idly moving along the surface of her vein covered fuck stick. She licked her lips and realized what it was that she had been thirsty for, "Jenni..." Her voice came out higher pitched than normal. Wasn't she always like she is now? Everything was becoming so confusing to follow.

"Yes Anni?" She asked. The name wasn't normal, but it felt right. It felt like she belonged to it. She smiled and nodded to her friend. They were friends, there wasn't a problem between Jenni and Anni was there? She crawled forward on her hands and knees, edging closer to the other. She could feel the thirst building inside of her. She just wanted to feel full again; she was getting sick of the strange empty feeling. Anni knew what she had to do to finally feel satisfied. A giggle erupted in her throat and that strange pulling sensation on her mind almost commanded her to go on. She felt her hands and knees begin to shake. It was erotic and arousing thinking about what was going to go inside of her mouth to quench her now begging thirst. Her own tool began to throb and leaked out rich creamy precum. The overwhelming smell of sweetness filled the air as she crawled on hands and knees. Jenni looked up at Anni, her cheeks turning red. Jenni could tell what it was that Anni really wanted from her. The anticipation of the moment made sweat bead on her large breasts. Jenni giggled as Anni fingertips brushed along the insides of the others thighs. She edged closer and opened her mouth. She could feel the arousal building inside of her own stomach, a sudden clenching and pleasure rocketed from between Anni's thighs, hot creamy spooge poured out onto the ground. She came without meaning to, but her sudden aroma made her senses dive into overdrive.

Jenni's thighs shook as Anni plunged her mouth down around the entirety of the other woman's cock. It tasted as sweet as it smelled and it made her choke it down hungrily. The sound of Jenni moaning in a new found pleasure made Anni all that more engaged in her oral fixation. She wanted to be filled with her seed. She knew it was the best way to sate her newly growing thirst. The strange empty feeling was still pushing at her mind and she couldn't quite put a finger on what was causing it. She choked a bit and withdrew her mouth from the long shaft if the other woman. She spit onto the now shiny pole and rubbed her hand up and down along its vein covered surface. Jenni moaned in pleasure again and Anni reached a hand down between her legs. The once loose hanging cock that swung between her legs was engorged and begging for attention as well. She could toy around with it, but it wouldn't fill her like she needed. 

Just as the thoughts poured into her sex enslaved mind, warm hands wrapped themselves around her ass cheeks and spread them quickly. She looked over her shoulder and saw Didi with a pleasure stricken smile, her two cocks dripping per cum heavily onto the ground in front of her. That was the feeling of emptiness that she had. She wanted to be plowed by cocks as she drank. Her entire life made sense. She could choke on cock and slurp up yummy spunk hour after hour. That is what she was made for. She giggled as she felt the thick heads of the other laboratory workers cocks wipe precum onto her already wet holes. She was fulfilling her duty as a person. She was pleasure. She was home.

Anni moaned out, her warm breath bouncing off the stiff fuck rod near her face as each of her holes were stuffed full with juicy girl meat. Jenni squirmed and a large rivulet of precum rolled down the thick cock that she so proudly had. Anni, in a fit of lustful need, opened her mouth and hungrily choked down the entirety of her length. The three of them moaned and swayed in a steamy sex pool that they were generating. The three of them were immersed in the throes of passion. Each had a unique scent and tone of voice to only drive their sex filled rage into an even deeper state of passion. They really had no other purpose than to make cum. 

******

"I am glad that your experiment went further than just the little lab rats," Abigail's voice was cold and collected. She had been meaning to find a new outlet for the scientists at Sato, and common drug analysis from government findings was growing mundane. She looked down from the theater window to see the three mewling women below. The passionate noises they were making echoed into the room from the auditory system. She shivered and felt herself growing slightly aroused. She had smelled them before and it was difficult to not fall into the fray. She had to restrain herself and mentally tell herself to hold off. The reason she was doing this entire thing was to earn money for the company her father had handed over to her. She had three branches to manage, and of those three there had only been one that was profitable. She shivered and covered her arms prying her eyes away from the women below as a thick stream of warm ejaculate coated the floor around the trio.

"I am too; it has been tough sharing the sciences of my planet with yours." Jayme's voice was smooth and crimson to Abigail's ears. She looked over her shoulder and saw the smooth lips of Jayme smiling syrupy. That was probably another reason Abigail had such a hard time concentrating. If she was going to work on making a serum from the women, she was going to have to find a way to dilute out the mental capacity changes. They could still be engrossed in sexual activity, but the bimbofication was too daunting when addressed in person. That... and the aroma that they generated. Though it wasn't entirely unpleasant, it was still enough that it could take hard working lab associates and turn them into butter at the hands of the transformed, "I am glad to have found another person with my interests."

"What interests would those be?" Abigail questioned, crossing her arms below her breasts. The smell of Jayme was too much at times and she almost had to turn away and look elsewhere, but the only other things to focus her attention on were the girls below still moaning and screaming in orgasmic pleasure. She pressed the mute button on the microphone, but that only did so much on muting them below. The glass was only so thick and the sound of skin slapping on skin was still somewhat audible. That and these girls had no need to keep quiet. They were going to make ample amounts of what it was she needed in order to make a serum to give to the populous. The only step after was to start harvesting and cleansing the product. She was going to have her work cut out for her in the future.

"The interest of body modification. The interest of making a perfect being that can never age or die. The interest of having one organism that exists to serve itself." Jayme's voice was so smooth, and the dark tones of her face were highlighted by the low lights of the theater observation room. She stepped closer to Abigail, the smell of sweet honey rolled into her nose. She shifted on her feet as she felt further arousal tug at her mind. She could have easily given everything away so easily. She could have made her life perfect and blissful just like the foolish Tiffany. It wasn't what she wanted though. She wanted power. She wanted wealth, and this Jayme figure was going to be giving it to her, "Think about a race that self sustains, and is able to reproduce itself by itself. No need to have men or women, but rather one being. One entity. Everyone would be beautiful." Abigail could sense that the other woman wanted something more than what she was saying, but the amount of money that she had offered her in order to make the serum was more than she would have ever needed. She looked down at the ground and shifted her feet trying not to keep eye contact. The other was so powerful and she felt worthless when standing nearby. Jayme had such a perfect body, and the smell that she emitted only ebbed her arousal to a new height. She shifted again and went on to speak, but Jayme rolled over her easily.

"I will pay you more than fifty billion a year to keep working on perfecting my current recipe. I know that it is a different method of science than what you are used to, but I promise that the results in the end will be just as great as what you are seeing here today." Jayme moved gingerly toward the window of the observation room to see the girls rolling in white cream below. It hadn't been more than ten minutes, and there was already at least an inch of the stuff gathered at their feet and shining on their skin. Their moans could be heard through the pane, but it came in overly muffled.

"As long as you provide the materials and the work notes you have to my lab assistants we will make it so. How long do you think it will take to purify your work?" Abigail felt her eyes drifting and tracing the derriere of the woman leaning against the window. She was beautiful, what she would give to have a body like hers.

"It could be a few years, and with the collected strength of Sato I am sure that it wouldn't be more than five. In fact we could probably start collecting test subjects before the end of the year." Jayme turned back and her breasts jutted forward as though begging for Abigail's eyes to settle on them. Her curves were so overly done that it made Abigail nearly blush when she realized what it was that she was looking at.

"And these three? How long will they last to make our first trial experimentation?" Abigail cleared her throat, and she readjusted the glasses on her face. The lab coat she was wearing suddenly became itchier than she remembered. Was the aroma of the other woman causing her to be more sensitive?

"They won't live more than six months, but the amount of product they will produce will be more than enough of the serum," Jayme's voice trailed off as she moved closer to Abigail. She could feel the warmth generated by the other woman and it made the hair on the back of her neck stand on end.

"I am still not sure how you were able to increase the speed of their transformation. You mentioned something about entering their minds..." Abigail wondered aloud as Jayme pushed her breasts against her arm. She shivered and more growing arousal made her nearly topple over. Her cheeks were red with anticipation of sexual release. She was normally not like this. She cleared her throat and tried to keep her cool as Jayme's massive orbs brushed her arm through the rough material of her coat.

"You ask too many questions. It is something that you cannot do on your planet, but is normal for me."

"And where exactly is that, and why are you here?" Abigail had so many questions that she felt were not being answered. She just wanted clarity as to why she was getting paid so much and how all this was really possible. She felt her mind start drifting towards sexual thoughts, and a shiver went up her spine when she realized that something hard was pressed against her thigh. Jayme cooed gently in her ear as she leaned in closer.

"You ask too many questions, and I will make sure you end up like them and I will find a different lab to work on my experiments," Jayme whispered hotly in Abigail's ear. She shivered and realized that one of her hands was rubbing at the woman's cock pressed on her thigh. It was as though she had lost control of her body. She was being commanded by Jayme to do as she pleased. She wanted to stop, but at the same time she enjoyed what it was she was doing, "You are all so inferior to my kind. I came to your planet because I found something that interested me."

"What was that...?" Abigail's voice trailed off lustfully. She wanted to suck on what it was she was touching. She wanted to feel full of the other woman.

"It might be too much to share, but I want you understand the gravity of what it is you and your team will be working on. There are others on this planet like the ones I created." She gestured out the window to the foray of girls fucking one another vigorously, "They apparently have been here for a long time. If we can find their leader by making our own subjects, perhaps we can find out what created them. We can then complete the serum and create the perfect beings." Abigail couldn't process fully what it was she was being told. In fact she just wanted to see the other woman's cock. Jayme grunted and stepped back from Abigail. She tried to chase down the dark skinned woman angrily. She wanted to fuck her, and the growing moisture on her thighs told her just how ready she was for that. Jayme pushed her back easily and stepped back into the shadows of the theater room.

"Why are you leaving?" Abigail asked, her thighs shaking and she dropped to the floor feeling drained and weak.

"I will be back, just getting to work on what I left you at your desk." Jayme said as the darkness fully enveloped her. Abigail was alone, and the aroma that had once been making her mind fade into sexual ecstasy was gone. She felt cold and realized what had been happening. Most of their conversation was still a blur, but she knew exactly what it was she needed to do. She had six months to collect as much of these women's cum in order to perfect a recipe that would please Jayme. She turned back to the theater window and shivered again as she watched another copious amount of cum torrent from Tiffany's newly formed cock. It was going to be a hard process, but in the end it really was going to be worth. A sly smile crept across her lips. She knew the perfect branch of her father's corporation to use. New York was filled with so many homeless people that she was going to have the perfect pool of test subjects at her fingertips. She barked out a harsh laugh as she flicked the lights off in the Theater room. Tiffany's moans could still be heard through the pane of glass as Abigail left the room to start the new process. Life was going to get just a bit more interesting.