 AN: Again, this story is mostly Futa on male. It contains Futa on Female, but mostly its about Futa on male. That's a particular fetish not everyone has. If you don't have it, I recommend the back button. Ok, on with the story. 

*****

Jacob Abrams was born in Paras, capital of Frankia, one of the largest allied nations. His father, a carpenter, had served in the first Great War, meeting the forces of the Vemar Empire on the battlefield. The war had devastated both sides, but ultimately the allied forces had been victorious and the Vemar Empire had been disbanded. Jacob's father had seldom spoken of the conflict. 

Jacob grew up in the period between the wars. After five years of destruction and bloodshed on an unprecedented scale, society swiftly recovered. Vemar was no longer a threat, and prosperity was theme of the decade. The old wooden buildings that had lined Paras's streets for centuries were gradually being replaced by concrete and brick. Even so, there was plenty of work for a carpenter, and so Jacob learned his trade as his father's assistant. 

He met Rebecca when they were both ten years old. Her father was a manager at a cement factory near the edge of the city, which was also near where Jacob's family lived. She was like quicksilver, always flitting from place to place. He envied her, since he always had to spend most of his time helping his father with work. In any case, he soon began to spend nearly all his free time with her. She matured faster than he did. One day when they were twelve, Rebecca suddenly twined her hands in his hair and pulled his mouth down to hers. At that point in his life, he had never even thought of kissing her before. As her tongue entered his mouth he felt his heart start to pound. Later, when he remembered that first kiss he supposed that he had always been in love with her, but he just hadn't realized it until that day. At the time, he had mostly been confused.

Matters between men and women were becoming increasingly confusing in those times, and not just for Jacob and Rebecca. The Female Apotheosis Party, or FAP, was gaining considerable prominence. Although the party wasn't as dominant in Frankia as it was in the new Vemar Republic, FAP still made a massive impact on society. The FAP's adherents blamed the devastation of the Great War on male pride, greed and sexual inadequacy, and demanded a complete restructuring of society. Marriage, they claimed, was horribly oppressive to women. He had once read one of their pamphlets. "The expectation that a man be allowed to monopolize a woman's body for his own use is outrageous and entitled," it said. "The human female has the unalienable right to seek the best genetic material for her offspring, and the responsibility of supporting those offspring should fall upon men as a whole, regardless of the identity of the child's sire." He asked Rebecca what she thought of all this. She had agreed that women were morally superior to men, but she also insisted that she wanted to get married. "Shopping around for 'superior genetic material' doesn't sound very romantic," she said. "I'd rather just have your babies instead." 

The rise of the Futareich and the beginning of the Second Great War shocked the people of Frankia. Sure, they had all been aware of the existence of the Futanari, artificial women with male sexual organs that the FAP in the Vemar republic had developed. They had heard rumors about just how aggressive and potent the Futanari were, though most considered such tales to be exaggerated. No one had ever imagined that these unnatural creatures would actually seize control of Vemar and create their own government. The newly-formed Futareich immediately declared its hostile intentions toward its neighbors, demanding their immediate surrender. Frankia responded by mobilizing her troops. Jacob was 17 when the war began. He knew if the conflict dragged on, he too would have to fight. Though he had no great desire to go to war, he was determined to do his duty when the time came. 

A significant portion of Frankian women seemed disturbingly pro-Futa. They gathered in universities and other public forums to demand the immediate surrender of the Frankian government and the assimilation of Frankia into the Futareich. The war was going poorly, and with every defeat the alliance suffered, pro-Futa sentiment seemed to swell. When stories of the cruelty and rapaciousness of the Futas reached the streets of Paras, somehow the pro-Futa movement became even louder and more strident. Thankfully Rebecca did not share in the typical female enthusiasm for the enemy of her people. Her two older brothers had joined the army in the first days of mobilization. Both were missing and presumed dead after the battle of Crack Gulch. 

By Jacob's 18th birthday, the military situation was dire. Frankia's remaining troops were drawn up in a tight cordon around Paras, heavily dug in and fortified. The siege was expected to take months, but without reinforcements, the defenses would certainly eventually fall. He married Rebecca in a small ceremony with only a few friends and family invited. They made love passionately that night, for the next day he would be joining the last desperate defense of his country. The wedding night was far from their first sexual experience, but it was electric in a way none of their previous nights together had ever approached. He felt as if the two of them had become one in the warmth of their marriage bed, and as he spent himself inside her his love and adoration for her swelled to a crescendo. As hot pulses of pleasure burned through Jacob's mind, he heard Rebecca gasp raggedly as she clamped down hard on his manhood. That feeling alone put all their previous lovemaking to shame. In the wee hours of the morning, they both collapsed into exhausted, satisfied slumber. 

As the newlyweds slept in their post coital bliss, a Hingmact force spearheaded by the elite Schwantz Staffel launched a daring lightning attack against the defenders of Paras, encircling the city's defenders and forcing them to surrender. The next morning, the forces of the Futareich marched into the city uncontested. Thousands of women came out to cheer their conquerors, strewing their own undergarments before the parade of victorious shemales. And so, on a path of panties, the forces of the Futareich rode into the first of the great cities of mankind. The nation of Frankia had been brought to her knees, and soon so would her people.

Jacob and Rebecca slept in. They had only just heard the news of the city's defeat when the door to their apartment crashed inward. A single Hingmact soldier stepped through the open doorway, past the splintered remnant of the door she had kicked in. She idly brushed some dust off of her form-fitting grey uniform and stood at parade rest, glancing around the room with interest. Her eyes flashed as they passed over Rebecca and again when they locked on Jacob. She smiled pleasantly as if she had merely knocked on the door instead of kicking it in. "I was told there were newlyweds living in this apartment. That's you two?"

The soldier was the first Futanari Jacob had ever seen in person. Although he had heard them described before, the descriptions he got were inconsistent. Some claimed the Futas were giants of freakish proportions. Others insisted that they were simply normal women save for their differing sexual organs. The truth, as he now saw, was somewhere between. At about six foot five, the soldier was taller than any woman he had ever seen, though he had known one or two men who were taller than she. In form she was very feminine indeed. The soft swell of her breasts and luscious curve of her hips especially drew his eye. Apart from her exceptional height, there were two obvious physical clues that she was no ordinary woman. The first was her legs. The tight cut of her uniform showed the contours of her legs quite well, and they were massive. Her thighs were especially thick, and none of that size was fat. Whenever she stepped forward or shifted her weight, her incredible quadriceps coiled and uncoiled in a way that reminded Jacob of a crouching lion about to pounce. The second difference, obviously, was the bulge between those powerful thighs. Her uniform pants had clearly been tailored to accommodate the extra equipment of a Futanari, though he had a hard time believing that her "equipment" could possibly fill up that much space. A large, wide, iron grey zipper ran vertically down the curve of that massive extrusion, clearly designed to draw the eye. 

There was something about her that he couldn't quite describe. An attractive quality difficult to define. She radiated vitality, health, strength, and confidence in a way he could only envy. 

"Can we... help you?" Jacob asked cautiously, slowly backing toward the fireplace. Rebecca stood absolutely still, staring at the Futa invader. Her eyes were wide with terror, like a cornered deer before the wolf. 

"I suppose you might," answered the Futa, a suppressed smile momentarily turning up the corners of her mouth. Her eyes darted back and forth between the two newlyweds like those of a child deciding which candy to eat first. 

"My name is Jacob," said Jacob. "And this is my wife Rebecca. What should we call you..." He saw the rank insignia on her uniform. "Corporal?"

"Lena Einzgurn," said the Futa amiably "Hingmact Second Corporal." She walked forward a few steps, hips swaying alluringly. "I've come to inform you of your new status as subjects of the Futareich." She nodded toward Rebecca. "Woman, you are a Futareich Subject Second Class. You have the right to own some kinds of property and to conduct commerce, and the right to provisioning for your children."

"I don't have any children," said Rebecca. 

Lena smirked. "You will." She turned to Jacob. "Boy, you are a Futareich Subject Third Class. You have absolutely no rights whatsoever. Your labor will be extracted for the good of society and your body will be violated at the whim of your superiors."

"You have got to be fucking kidding me," Jacob breathed. 

With a delighted laugh, the Futa said, "Kidding? No. Fucking? Maybe." She stepped forward, grinning. "As a member of the Futanari Master Sex I am a Futareich Citizen First Class, which means I am entitled to sexually claim any inferiors as I choose. I believe I will exercise my rights... on both of you."

So there it was. Jacob's hand closed around the iron poker by the fireplace. "RUN!" he shouted to Rebecca, swinging the heavy rod at Lena's head. The attack caught the cocky Corporal off guard, but she still moved fast, blocking the blow with her forearm. The iron poker hit the Futa's arm with a solid *THUD*, eliciting a hiss of pain from the shemale soldier. Before he could swing again, she spun with blinding speed, slamming the sole of her boot into his chest. Her foot crashed right into his sternum, instantly driving the wind from his lungs and knocking him off his feet. Her kick actually lifted him off the ground a few inches, and he fell onto his back, empty lungs screaming in pain as they tried in vain to inflate. 

The Futa deliberately clenched and unclenched the fingers on her right hand, wincing. "That's going to bruise. Bah!" Jacob tried to roll over so he could climb to his feet, but in two strides his attacker was on him. She straddled him, pinning his arms beneath her knees as her soft but surprisingly strong hands tore roughly at his shirt, then his pants. Within seconds his garments were shredded and Lena's hand closed firmly on his exposed loins. He went very still.

"That was very bad of you, to hit me with that poker," Lena rasped, her voice hoarse with perverse excitement. "But that's ok. I like to discipline bad boys." She leaned over him, rubbing the massive soft swell of her giant breasts over his abdomen and chest as she nipped his ear with her teeth. "And how do we punish bad boys, do you think? Hmm?"

She leaned back again, slowly tracing her hands along her thighs toward that massive bulge between. Deliberately, she took hold of the big iron zipper and pulled it slowly downward. The sound of that zipper coming undone would haunt him until the end of his days.

He had heard rumors of the endowments of the Futanari, of course, but naturally he had always assumed they were wildly exaggerated. They were not. 

First to flop forth from the opened gates of hell were two titanic testes, each the size of an apple. The enormous orbs sat in a smooth, swollen sack the size of a milk jug. They fell right on top of his own naked groin, covering his genitals completely as if his sexuality had been erased from the world. 

Then out came the cock. It fell on his belly with an audible *Splat!* and the force of it nearly drove the wind out of his lungs again. Thicker than his forearm, the monstrous appendage arced from its base atop his lower belly up to his lower chest, where the red, angry cyclopean head of the massive spear pointed right at his terrified face. Jacob trembled. The scythe of the reaper itself would have unmanned him less than the sight of that most terrible weapon: the Futa cock. It was inherently destructive, not a mere reproductive organ, but the embodiment of sex as warfare. 

Lena's eyes drank his fear eagerly, her giant bust heaving with excitement as her helpless victim quailed beneath the might of her meat mace. "What's the matter?" she cooed. "Don't you like my cock? Hmm? Don't you want it?"

He shook his head violently.

She laughed wickedly. "You don't, huh. Well, maybe I could hold off on taking you... As long as you promise to be a very good boy. You want to be a good boy for me, don't you Jacob?"

He hesitated for a moment. The studly shemale soldier shifted her hips, pushing her terrible mass of phallic might another inch toward his face. He instinctively jerked away as Lena laughed. "Good boys are meek and obedient. They only speak when spoken to. They always obey their superior Futa Mistresses, and they never struggle or fight. Good boys never try to touch girls, because they know that all girls rightfully belong to the Futareich, and all women have the right and obligation to bear the superior offspring of the Master Sex. So can you be a good boy, Jacob?"

He nodded slowly.

"Good," Lena purred. His relief turned to horror as the Futa proclaimed, "Now I'm going to liberate your wife." She turned to Rebecca. 

The love of Jacob's life still stood transfixed, utterly terrified as she stared at the Futa soldier who had so easily overcome her husband. Fear still filled her eyes, but a strange flush was in her cheeks now and her breathing was oddly heavy. "Why didn't you run?" The words caught in Jacob's throat. Good boys only speak when spoken to. As the predator slowly approached his trembling wife, Jacob tried to stand, to move, to fight. Anything to give Rebecca another chance to get away. But he found he couldn't move, couldn't even speak. The mere sight of that awful appendage, that avatar of phallic destruction, had broken his will in a way he had never thought that he could break. 

The Futanari Corporal grabbed Rebecca by the throat, roughly forcing her back onto the kitchen table. The terrified bride offered no resistance as the Futa pulled her legs apart, reaching under her skirt. With a sudden heave of motion, the Futa tore off Rebecca's panties, tossing them contemptuously over her shoulder. The shredded garment landed less than a foot away from Jacob. It was a sexy little black thing she had gotten for their wedding night. A prominent wet spot adorned the front. He turned his eyes away, even more ashamed than before. But a force more powerful than his will pulled his eyes back to the lurid scene unfolding before him. 

Lena was pressing her cock against his wife's abdomen, as if demonstrating how far it would go inside her. The soldier's smooth, swollen sack hung over Rebecca's womanhood. Above the massive sack, a spear of arm-thick flesh filled the space from the Futa's crotch just above Rebecca's exposed womanhood up to her chest, the fist-sized crown of the mighty appendage nestled obscenely between her small breasts. Though the preposterous phallus was pointed at Rebecca rather than at himself, he still felt as if that vicious meat-club was somehow directed against him, as if it were designed to destroy his psyche.

As if to confirm this absurdly solipsistic thought, the Hingmact soldier shot him a smug grin. Then she slowly drew back her hips, pulling the full length of her cock over Rebecca's quivering quim until the tip rested firmly against her comparatively tiny entrance. With a sudden, powerful forward surge, she plowed that massive meat ram forward. Rebecca's pussy gave way before it and with a wet sucking sound, the Futa was a foot deep inside her. 

Rebecca moaned.

Once, Jacob had helped to construct a scaffold in an alley on the seedier side of town. On the other side of the alley was a brothel that faced the street opposite. While working there he had heard the improbable moans, grunts, and cries the prostitutes produced to flatter their clients. He had marveled at how over-the-top and fake they seemed. Even in the heat of passion or even the peak of climax, his Rebecca would barely even gasp. So the keening moan that tore from her throat now shook him to the core. She was moaning... like a whore. Except her cries weren't feigned, but undeniably genuine. The Futa was giving her the kind of mind-shattering pleasure men paid whores to pretend to receive. In a single thrust, the powerful Futa had turned his wife into a screaming slut. 

As Rebecca's moan of pleasure finally trailed off into silence, Lena extended a hand toward him, turning her wrist upward, she crooked a finger. Jacob felt his body move, obeying the studly soldier's implicit command. He stood, mind racing, emotions crashing as he walked toward his wife and her... their dominator. 

Lena pointed to the floor just behind her. Obediently, Jacob knelt, looking up to see a sight that knotted his stomach, filled him with sorrow and humiliation, and stiffened his member with painful rapidity. The backs of the Futa's thick thighs were before him, her powerful ass loomed above him. Her balls, packed with superior seed, hung less than a foot from his face. The pussy of his beloved wife was stretched wide around the girth of the massive shaft of Lena's cock. 

With deliberate slowness, the conquering Futa pulled back her hips, drawing that colossal cock from the quivering feminine sheaf that was the love of Jacob's life. Lena halted her backward motion only when her powerful posterior brushed against Jacob's forehead, her swollen stud-sack swaying an inch away from his nose. Then, with all the speed and force of a firing cannon, the she-stud delivered her second thrust.

Rebecca came. She came like Jacob had never seen her cum before. She writhed, contorted, screamed, and squirted. Hot nectar exploded from her stretched cunt, coating the cock and balls of her conqueror and splattering over the face of her hapless, defeated husband. 

"Who owns your pussy, slut?" demanded the Futa when Rebecca's orgasmic scream finally died.

"The Futareich," Rebecca croaked raggedly. "My body belongs to the superior cocks of the Futanari Master Sex. Please, Mistress. Rape me, wreck me, fill me with your seed!" She had fallen. The words dealt a powerful blow to the ragged remains of Jacob's ego, but he could hardly blame Rebecca for succumbing. After all, he had been cowed just by the sight of the thing.

The Hingmact soldier took her moaning victim hard and fast, seeming indifferent to her pleasure or her pain. She fucked with the aggressive instinct of a wild beast tempered by militaristic, disciplined precision. Despite her rapist's indifference, Rebecca came to toe curling, spine bending orgasms over and over again beneath the pounding power of the Futanari's mighty hips. Unmoved, the Futa plowed onward, her purpose plain- to blow a fat load deep into Rebecca's womb. To plant her seed, to take away a man's loving wife and turn her into a squirming, squirting baby factory for Futas. 
