 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age. This futanari story contains questionable morals and inordinate amounts of sex that never result in chafing. If you don't know what 'futanari' means, stop right now, Google it, and then decide if you want to continue reading. Enjoy!

Editing credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

Author's note: A little perspective from Madison this time...

Okay, so my six-foot-tall, Amazonian-nerd of a roommate had a dick. Fucking weird, right? Chloe had spilled the whole story, though it wasn't very complicated. Apparently, she bought a stylized charm from a curio shop and woke up the next morning with a huge dong penis a big pair of testicles. Magic was involved, or something, from some lady called Freyja. A witch, I guess? I don't know. Chloe said she used to be a goddess, and still kind of was. Whatever. I wasn't into that occult stuff.

Chloe also said her boy parts came and went each morning, entirely at random. Me, I'd have run screaming to the hills that first morning I woke up with a cock and balls. But Chloe was a rip-roaring lesbian, so I guess it worked out rather well for her.

I hadn't seen her since that Saturday morning. It was now Tuesday, and I wasn't making much headway planning the art showing that was coming up (some bearded hipster that painted smartphones in Victorian era settings, or some such nonsense). Why? I couldn't stop thinking about one thing in particular.

My roommate had a cock! And she'd fucked me with it!

Well, she said she did. Last Saturday morning, there had been a dull ache low in my body that told me someone had certainly fucked me, and fucked me good too. Problem was, I didn't remember it. What I did remember was very little. I remember having fun with a couple of jocks at Karen's place and Chloe bursting in to drag me away. Truth be told, I was immensely grateful for it. Those two asswipes would have gossiped endlessly about making a sex sandwich out of me, so Chloe had saved me an awful lot of trouble.

She was like that, always there for me when I needed her, even when I didn't know that I needed her. We weren't BFFs or anything, and we had practically nothing in common at all. But she was sweet. And she was sweet on me too. I know it's horribly shallow of me, but I kept Chloe around because of how she made me feel, at least in the beginning. She's had a crush on me for years and I know she's attracted to me. I liked the attention. Actually, no. I loved the attention. She was honest, loyal, and because of her crush on me, she was almost outright doting. She made me feel wanted, desired and special.

I liked her though. Really, I did. She was just such a sweet girl (did I say that already)? I wouldn't say that we could ever travel in the same social circles, but Chloe could be soooo pretty if she tried. Her skin was pale, but in a good way, like fresh cream, and her super-short hair looked fantastic with her build. She was tall though. Holy shit, was she tall. I was about five-foot-ten, give or take half an inch. But Chloe, fuck, she was like, I don't know, six-one? Six-two? Maybe not that tall, but Jesus, she seemed a lot taller than me. I had to look up at her a little, if that gives you an idea.

Anyway, she was built like a runner, but not super lean. Actually, I bet the reason she wasn't more into athletics was because of her boobs. Not enormous like mine, but pretty damn big for a girl like her. I got her a couple bras for Christmas last year, 38Cs, and she had to exchange them. Same cup though. Oh, and did I mention her ass? Holy shit, she had a fantastic ass! It was the ass of a teenage boy! It was a real shame that I wasn't gay, because I could spend hours nibbling on a butt like hers. 

I wouldn't say I was bisexual, since Chloe was the only girl I'd ever fooled around with, but holy Hell, she was a lot of fun in bed. She thought I'd only play with her when I was drunk, but I tricked her a couple of times, acting drunk when I was merely buzzed. Why? I was playing it safe, I guess. It didn't bother me that she was gay, nor that she had a crush on me, but both of those put together did bother me. Well, they worried me. I didn't want to fool around with her when she knew I was sober and thus inadvertently give her the idea that I was in love with her. That would just be cruel. I was pretty sure she'd get totally hooked on me. Like, forever.

Besides, I couldn't do the lesbian thing. Eating at the Y was fun now and then, and so was opening up my own deli doors for her. But all the time? No. I liked cock, plain and simple.

But oh my God, Chloe had a cock!

I swear, I just couldn't wrap my head around that. I sure wished I could remember more though. I knew that she took me home, and I dimly recalled her holding my hair out of the way when I threw up, and later, giving me a bath. I also remembered her putting lotion on me, at my request, but everything after that was a blur. I think she went down on me while I dreamt about getting well and truly fucked by a hot stud. After making me promise not to tell anyone, Chloe told me her secret, and that I hadn't been dreaming, that the 'hot stud' had been her.

You know the really fucked up part? I didn't have a burning desire to tell anyone! How messed up is that? I mean, I just found out that my pretty (very pretty, if I really thought about it) and totally sweet roommate was...dual gendered?...and I didn't want to tell anyone! Then again, I did promise not to, so maybe I was more honorable than I thought. Still, fucking strange.

Like I said, I hadn't really seen Chloe since that last Saturday morning, but I had tried peeking in on her while she was in the shower this morning, and a couple of nights ago. You know what I saw between her legs? A smoothly waxed vagina. That's what. Where was this dick she claimed to have? Where were the balls? My memory was fuzzy enough that I was beginning to doubt what she'd told me. Maybe I'd had enough time to process her crazy story, because I almost didn't believe her by that point. I guess I had to see it to believe it.

Besides, Chloe hadn't been able to prove it. Not any of it. I'd yanked her shorts down last Saturday morning and had seen nothing but a smooth coochy, the same as when I peeked in on her in the shower. So, as far as I could tell, she was making it all up. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Someone had certainly fucked the hell out of me Friday night.

Having accomplished little to nothing that day, I cut out early and went home, determined to get a good look at Chloe's supposed boy parts. She wasn't home. If I logged into World of Warcraft - as if! - I'm sure I'd have found her online. She does that sometimes, after work, hangs out at coffee shops with her laptop and goes on raves or something or other. I'd just have to wait her out, I guess.

I puttered around our apartment and on Facebook for a while, anything to pass the time. Turned out to be a lot of time, because by ten o'clock, Chloe still wasn't home. I was washing off my mud mask when Chloe finally got in, so I finished up as quickly as I could and went out to say hello. Just in case she wasn't lying about her now-and-then boy parts, I was wearing my usual attire, a thong and a ridiculously short cutoff tee shirt that barely covered my boobs. I figured if she was telling the truth, and she happened to be sporting a dick that day, then I'd see something spring up under her clothes.

"Hi Maddy," she smiled wanly, setting down her briefcase and heading for the kitchen.

I muttered a hello back at her, but she didn't seem to notice my outfit at all. I was offended at first, but watching her amble into the kitchen, it was fairly obvious that she was exhausted. She was wearing gray slacks and a gray vest over a white short-sleeve dress shirt, and damn, I had to admit, the girl made it work. She looked great, actually, and not unfit for the cover of a fashion mag.

Oh, and no obvious bulge under her slacks, by the way.

"Rough day at work?" I asked.

Chloe nodded and tossed her vest over the back of a chair before pouring herself a big glass of merlot. "God, yes," she groaned. "Some asshole intern cocked up our filing system, so I had to stay late to fix it before the regional manager comes in tomorrow morning."

"Interesting choice of words," I muttered.

"What," she frowned at me, then smiled over the rim of her goblet. "Cocked up?"

I bounced my eyebrows once, going for casual, or bored. Anything that she wouldn't interpret to be keen interest, which I had in spades.

Chloe took another sip of wine and smacked her lips. "Something on your mind, Madison?"

I shrugged and walked away. "No. Not really." Aside from the possibility that you're a girl and you fucked me with a cock the other night, I added silently.

Chloe chuckled quietly behind me.

Why the act on my part, you wonder? Because something had happened over the weekend, a power shift, I think. I said I hadn't seen Chloe since Saturday morning, but I didn't mean that I hadn't seen her at all. We bumped into each other now and then, but no matter how brief our exchanges were, Chloe was different. She seemed more...confident, I guess. Almost cocky.

Heh. Cocky.

Anyway, my point is that while Chloe wasn't exactly mousy, she tended to defer decisions to me when I was around, followed my lead, went along with whatever I wanted to do (unless it involved clubbing or partying). But ever since Saturday, she walked taller, kept her shoulders back, lifted her chin just a little higher than before, and when she grinned or smiled, there was a kind of subtle naughtiness to it, like she knew something I didn't.

I guess from her point of view, she did, because she remembered fucking me and I didn't remember a damn thing.

I was heading for my room when she announced from behind me, "I'm taking a shower."

"Whatever," I shrugged and closed my door.

I didn't stay in my room for long. About five minutes after I heard the shower running, I tip-toed into the hallway and eased the bathroom door open just enough so that I could see inside. I could see her well enough behind the fogged glass, soaping up her tall and lean body. Her hips didn't flare out like mine did, but damn, the girl had big boobs. Not as big as mine, sure, but on her, they almost looked out of place. Really pretty boobs, actually. It wasn't so much her cup size that was so large for her frame, but her bust. Her breasts didn't thrust way out from her chest like mine did, but they were wide. Just then, she had her back turned to me with her arms raised to shampoo her hair, and I could see the sides of her tits just fine, if that gives you an idea of her chestly assets.

She turned in profile to rinse the shampoo from her hair, then turned again, fully facing me. I glanced down her body. Nope, no cock. Just a smooth mound between her long, long legs, a mound that she was currently washing. With a quiet snort, I turned to leave, but then I heard it, a soft moan. I looked that way and saw Chloe lift one foot up onto the bench seat at the back of the shower, then she tilted her head back and plunged two fingers inside her cooch.

Oh my God. She was masturbating!

I blushed furiously.

Don't get me wrong. I masturbate all the time, and I use toys too. But I consider those very private moments. It felt wrong for me to watch her, but I just couldn't look away. My attraction to Chloe was born of simple drunken curiosity, years ago. She was a tried-and-true geek, socially awkward, and aside from dressing for work she had no fashion sense whatsoever. But if Chloe was anything, she was a sensual being. I'd known that before, from when we fooled around together. In bed, the girl was more confident than almost every single guy I'd ever been with, and skilled to the max, I should add.

But this was different. Watching her pushing two fingers in and out of her body while another diddled her stiff little clit, I realized how comfortable she was with her body, and how much she enjoyed it. Me, I masturbated to take the edge off, but watching Chloe do it, I realized that she did it because she loved it. It was a level of self-appreciation and confidence in her body that I was unfamiliar with when it came to my own.

I was about to leave again when Chloe began shivering and pulled her fingers out of her pussy. She bent over to pick up something from the shower floor, and when she stood back up, my mouth fell open. She had a toy in her hand, one I hadn't seen before. It was a flesh-colored dildo, and a big one, complete with a big pair of balls and a suction cup on the bottom. Chloe promptly slapped the dildo against the shower wall. My mouth gaped open further when she bent over and just pushed her body onto that big fake dick. She groaned out loud as she rocked back and forth, fucking herself onto the dildo, the long thick length of it gradually disappearing inside her until the balls pressed right up to her clit.

Jesus Christ, she was really going at it, just impaling herself on that dildo, from tip to rubbery balls, fast and faster, groaning and grunting and palming her breasts and pinching her nipples. Chloe shoved back and crammed the dildo inside her. Her muscles locked and she bit down on the meat of her left palm, screaming around her hand and coming on that thick fake cock.

I'd never really seen Chloe climax before. Certainly not like that. And you know what? It was beautiful. But I couldn't help but wonder, if she had indeed fucked me, if she had in fact made me come my brains out as I'd dreamed with my fantasy stud, had I looked even half as blissful as she did just then?

There was a spark of something then, a memory trying to surface in the back of my mind.

Chloe's voice. "You're so beautiful when you come, honey."

Then a huge cock just pushing inside me and holding still while I came.

Chloe again. "Can you do that, Maddy? Can you come for me again?"

Coming again, coming on a big fat dick, a meaty stalk like no other I'd had the pleasure of experiencing before.

The next thing I knew, I was on my knees outside the bathroom with my hand down the front of my panties and frigging my clit and coming right there in the hallway of our apartment while my roommate was fucking the dildo on the shower wall. Only she wasn't fucking the dildo anymore. She was standing up with a sigh of bliss, pulling the dildo off the wall, turning towards me, hazel eyes briefly flashing green as they locked on me, widening with surprise, lips curling up into a salacious grin. And I couldn't move. I couldn't run away. Because I was still coming on my fingers and soaking my thong. Chloe blew me a kiss and stepped back under the spray to rinse her body, and finally, my climax faded.

My knees were shaking so bad that I almost fell down twice on the way back to my room. I flopped onto my back on the bed and just lay there, catching my breath. Despite having just watched my roommate masturbate, despite having just masturbated myself, and despite having just been caught watching her and frigging myself, I smiled.

Holy shit, that was a good come!

~~~~~

My phone was buzzing under my pillow. I'd set the alarm on my phone to wake me up before Chloe, and had set it on vibrate so that it wouldn't wake her up too. Getting out of bed, I pulled on a big tee shirt, tip-toed down the hall and carefully eased Chloe's door open. Peeking inside, I saw her lying in bed, sound asleep. As quietly as I could, I walked in. The only light in the room was coming from the big alarm clock display of her iPad -- I think it was the subway clock that Apple got sued over -- but it was enough for me to see her. She was lying on her back with her arm wrapped around a pillow that was covering her face. Her other hand was resting on her flat stomach. Her wide breasts were bare, more or less flat on her chest, and the comforter was pushed down near her hips. Her lower body was completely covered.

Okay, time to find out if Chloe was full of shit.

Gingerly, I pinched the edge of the comforter between my thumb and finger and very slowly lifted it. Standing like I was, I couldn't see anything, so I knelt beside the bed and leaned over Chloe and looked under the comforter. I guess it was my breath that disturbed her, because Chloe snorted in her sleep and swatted her hand at me. I pulled back just in time, her hand ineffectually smacking her stomach but damn near slapping me upside the head. She grabbed the comforter and pulled it up and over her chest, tucked it under her chin, then she rolled over, tightening the covers around her. She didn't wake up though.

Well, shit. So much for that.

Frowning, I left Chloe's room and went back to bed to catch another hour of sleep before I had to get ready for work. My alarm didn't get the chance to go off again though. When I woke up, I wasn't alone. Chloe was in my bed, lying on her side, facing me. She had her head propped up in her hand, and the corner of her mouth was lifted in a slight grin.

"Good morning," she said quietly.

I blinked sleep from my eyes, and that's when I noticed that Chloe wasn't wearing a shirt. Her other arm was kind of covering her breasts.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Watching you sleep."

I raised an eyebrow.

Chloe shrugged. "You're really pretty when you sleep."

"Okay." I glanced at her upper body. The covers were about midway up her stomach. "Are you naked?"

Chloe grinned and uncovered her breasts. Her hand found mine under the covers and wrapped around the back of it. She pulled my hand towards her and down the bed. She was going to show me. Right then and there, she was going to show me if she had a cock or if it was all a big joke. Her thumb caressed the back of my hand as I felt the warmth of her body nearing my fingers. Any second now, I would know, once and for all, if Chloe had a randomly appearing and disappearing man-penis. I was breathless with anticipation, and shaking with fear.

And I chickened out.

I snatched my hand back and jumped out of bed. "I want coffee. Do you want coffee? I'm making coffee."

Chloe chuckled and I blushed as I all but ran out of the room.

Oh my God, I sounded like such a nervous teenager just then, like a virgin about to see her first penis. Fucking ridiculous. I wasn't sure why I'd freaked out. I just knew that I'd felt like the situation was out of control, and unless I'm drinking, I don't like not being in control. Sure, I wanted to know if it was true, what she said about her magic anatomy, but I wanted to find out on my terms, not hers.

I'd just gotten the coffee brewing when I heard it, Chloe taking a shower before getting ready for work. My roommate putting my hand on her dick would have been too much. But me taking a peek at it while she showered, I was okay with. So I went down the hall and eased the bathroom door open. The glass was fogged up pretty good, but I could see Chloe turning this way and that, soaping up her body. She turned her back to the spray to rinse the shampoo from her hair, and that's when I saw it, somewhat indistinct through the fogged glass, but there nonetheless.

It hung from her groin, long and limp but surprisingly thick. From what I could tell, it was as pale as the rest of her, except for the tip. The head was pink, just like her nipples. But dammit, I really wished the stupid glass hadn't been so fogged up. Aside from the color and general shape, I couldn't discern much else. And I was out of peeping-Tom-time too, because Chloe shut off the water and I had to close the door before she stepped out of the shower.

But oh my God, she had a cock!

Both of us were early risers, though I didn't have to make an appearance at the office until around nine o'clock, so I was just sitting on the couch, sipping my coffee and watching the morning news when Chloe came out much later. She was dressed for work and, not surprisingly, wearing a somewhat loose dress. Kind of made more sense than slacks, since she was sporting a penis and all.
