 AT GRANDMA'S

I had never thought about my grandparents having sex, though obviously they do. I was visiting with my twin brother Jack, and Grandma asked if we wanted to use their sex room, so we said OK.

What a surprise! It was so retro! Almost everything was manual! And so limited! Even the ejaculator only had basic spunk - they didn't even have chocolate flavour! Grandma said she didn't do that that much cock sucking and the flavour didn't matter in her cunt and ass. In fact, she often fucked without activating ejaculation at all.

"It's mainly for your Grandad," she said. "He loves swallowing spunk. It reminds him of his young days. He's never happier than with a cock coming in his arse and another in his mouth." (She still says arse! It's like mediaeval!) "He can swallow semen till the cows come home, but it has to be the real flavour." (I don't know what it means when the cows come home - it's just one of those things old people say. I did see a cow once, on a school trip to the zoo, but I forget what they are for.)

"Hark at her!" said Grandad. (Hark means listen. I think it might be Latin.) "Sitting there half the day watching nature films with a cock on slow fuck!"

"It's very soothing," she retorted. "We used to get a lot of birds in the garden when I was a girl, and you don't seem to see them now, so I like these films. And a bit of gentle fucking is just right. You young people seem to think sex is all about getting to an orgasm fast, same as you bolt your food, and won't watch videos longer than ten minutes. Me and Grandad have learned to enjoy taking our time."

Actually Jack and I tried the basic spunk and thought it made a nice change from all the fancy flavours. We had both forgotten how basic piss tastes as well (no other flavour there of course), and thought we might use it occasionally at home. Perhaps we spend too much time tweaking preferences and recipes.

Obviously the chair was set to Grandma and Grandad's shape and preferences. They had to get the manual to set it up for us, as they had forgotten how, but it was pretty comfortable in the five basic sex positions I liked.

There were no fully configurable units that automatically shaped themselves. Instead there was a row of mouths, a row of boobs, a row of cunts, a row of cocks and row of asses, all in a range of sizes. You had to choose one and actually pull it out yourself (!) on a flexible stalk and apply it to your body, where it would make small adjustments to keep in contact and use the mode you had set: depth of thrust and speed for example.

Grandma showed us how she used it with a cock in her cunt, ass and mouth. Of course, she was really skilled with the remote control, and I have to say she orgasmed very elegantly. She may be old, but she still has style!

The cocks expanded hydraulically rather well, but were in fixed sizes, and there was not even an adjustment for veininess. Jack likes them smooth but I like them really veiny. We just had to accept something in the middle, like in the olden days. Grandma said they were the standard set which was supplied, but each could be replaced and you could buy different shapes and textures. She had considered getting donkey and wolf but had never got round to it.

We both tried the cocks of course, but I didn't have my synthcock with me, so couldn't try the cunts and asses except with fingers: they seemed OK. Jack said for fixed configurations they were quite good, and he quite liked the pulsed suction feature on the asses. It wasn't as smooth as you get today, quite mechanical but good for a change. He thought someone should try to simulate it on today's models. He also liked the manual adjustment for sphincter tightness. Grandad said he liked to just put his cock in an arse (yes, arse) and not move at all while it sucked and he was getting thoroughly buggered and swallowing spunk. Grandma said he was sometimes there for an hour at a time, and she was glad to see him so happy. Of course he takes a prostate enhancer to give him stamina - they're not that retro! I guess if you have just what you want, you don't need all the options and variety. We never have sex the same way twice. Perhaps we should.

Grandma said they never used the cunts, but had them for visitors. Grandad fucked each of them every two months to keep them in good condition. Jack smiled, and asked to see the manual again. He then showed them how to use the self-fucking feature. All the cocks came up and synchronously fucked all of the cunts. The cunts were of course each matched to the cock below. It looked rather good, and I thought we should program something like that at home just for fun. The modern units don't need it, of course. Jack set things up so that the asses Grandad did not use would also be self-fucked.

Jack said the mouths with their fixed speed tongues were actually all right for his cock. Unfortunately, Grandma had never bought the cunnilingus extension so they didn't do much for my pussy. However they were rather good on my nipples.

You could see which of the boobs were most used as the areolas were worn off. The nipples only dispensed water, since they had not replaced the milk concentrate for years. The boobs themselves were pretty good, with fair temperature setting, and each had a range of hydraulic expansion presumably the same mechanism as the cocks. However they all had the same wobble factor, which was fixed, but OK. Nice, but nothing like the range you expect today. I think people would get bored having the same tits all the time.

The odours were just a basic 8-bit palette of male, female and ass, all human, with 4 levels of pheromone. Grandad said he could hardly tell the difference between the levels and had not bothered with upgrades. They might have bought a couple of animals, but you had to buy a complete collection which wasn't worth it. The asses were set to just puff air.

It was sort of interesting but I am glad I didn't live in the olden days. Grandma told me they actually had real sex when they were young and it was absolute rubbish. The RealSex evangelists are complete idiots, she says. Apparently men were lucky to get one orgasm a day and women one a week! Can you imagine? I'd rather not.

+ - + - + - + - + - +

SBOX

The only trouble with the SBOX is it is so good. You can tweak so much that people spend ages trying to get the perfect experience and forget to have sex! Me and my brother Jack like to make programs for each other. Sometimes we borrow from friends and hack them to our individual preferences. I think variety is better than looking for perfection, and it is exciting when you don't know what is coming up.

I loaded the latest program from Jack and the chair adjusted to a reclining position, so I got on and waited till the temperature and whatnot had adjusted so that I couldn't feel it, and said start. It all went dim. Some people like the full visual mode, but I find it distracting. I often have my eyes closed anyway.

He knows I like the default ass cleaning, so I relaxed as a stainless steel probe entered and cleaned and lubricated me. It is so comfortably familiar feeling the gentle movements and washing inside, but gives anticipation, so it is a little pleasure in itself.

A soft pink cock and balls came out of the darkness and started nudging my cheek, like a cat wanting to be stroked. It was cute how it was pushing towards my lips so I opened and let it in. A gentle stream of piss came out, with a flavour of asparagus. Very funny, Jack! Then it started swelling and moving suggestively till I started to suck it. Meanwhile a tongue started to lick my asshole, going up and down.

As Jack knows, I don't like sucking cock as much he does, so it started to jerk and pulse quite soon, dropping some spunk on my tongue. I was expecting chocolate, but it was a very nice strawberry and lemon. Thanks Jack!

A boob plopped into my open left hand. Medium size, just a nice weight. I moved my hands together in front of me and the other boob plopped into my right hand. I moved my hands round so that I was feeling the virtual woman from the front, and told the boobs to stay before taking my hands away.

Meanwhile the tongue was probing my ass, and another tongue started to lick my pussy. A dog's tongue - the best! The cock in my mouth withdrew, wiped itself cheekily on my chin and went away. A smooth black pussy came towards my face invitingly, but I didn't fancy it just at that moment, so told it 'later'. The tongue in my ass was now a finger, probing nicely and slowly swelling and extending.

The dog's tongue was exploring my pussy in the nicest way and I could feel my first orgasm building. A finger entered my cunt and started tapping on my G-spot which did the trick and I enjoyed coming, hoping that it was recording well.

I reached up and the boobs were waiting for me to fondle. Always nice.

Now the finger was a cock pushing in my cunt. I thought it was a thin one at first, but it was tapered, and fully thick enough at the root. It was moving in and out nicely when the pussy came to my face again. I kissed it once and rejected it, so it went away. Meanwhile the finger in my ass had become a nice veiny cock, thrusting alternately with the one in my cunt and I entered that lovely pre-orgasmic condition.

Then the cock in my cunt started to swell until there was a big bulge preventing it from coming out, just like a dog's! It was still thrusting as it began to come, and I knew it would keep on coming for a long time as I relaxed into another glorious orgasm. With the cocks in my ass and cunt thrusting and the tongue licking my pussy, I went into a stream of orgasms. 

My pleasure was intense, but I still had enough attention to appreciate all the ways in which I was getting it. The cock in my cunt was both thrusting and pulsing with spunk, and my clit was getting just enough indirect stimulation to be perfect without getting touched too much where I was most sensitive. The cock in my ass rammed steadily home in perfect harmony with the smaller jerks of the one locked inside my cunt. 

At just about the right time, the cock in my cunt started to deflate, the tongue moved to friendly gentle licking around my pussy and the cock in my ass gave a celebratory ejaculation, before withdrawing.

Dripping with spunk, I stretched and luxuriated in the afterglow. Well done, Jack. I hope you like my program as much as I liked yours.