 It was wonderful. I had this beautiful black cock in my mouth while Josh's handsome face was around my white dick. His strong hands held onto my hips, while I held his. Gently we sucked in rhythm, wanting to prolong the enjoyment. No bedclothes to get in the way: the perfect 69, hanging weightless inside our spacecraft.

We were well practised, so usually manage to come pretty much together. We sucked and swallowed and massaged to get every drop out. Of course, we enjoyed it, but it was also standard operating protocol, blobs of spunk being unwelcome in zero-g. In our regular manoeuvre, we moved our hands round each other's body to rotate and kiss, while Natasha and Philly put the little garments on us which would catch any further dribbles.

The temperature is kept at a level so that we are totally comfortable naked, which removes the need for clothes and washing. We wipe each other down for hygiene.

It was a relief getting back into space after our time on Mars. We had hardly any sex as we worked on our mission. Lots to do and limited time till the launch window. Now we had little else but sex to occupy us for the next ten months. 

Forget "carrying out experiments". Yes, we had some tasks to do, but most things were automatic and the journey was boring. We were fifteen light minutes away from home so there would be no practical phone calls or interactive games, just videos sent each way.

Later we watched the two girls pleasure each other orally. I never got tired of seeing the two of them: Natasha with her stubble of ginger hair and dusky Philly bringing each other to a beautiful orgasm. Sometimes they went 69, but mostly they liked to do it in turns, one hanging on to the other's legs while burying her face in the cunt, the other holding a grab handle to avoid drifting, and gripping her lovely companion with her legs when she came. Natasha flushed a beautiful pink and groaned, while Philly was unrestrained in her cries. There were no neighbours after all. In space, no-one can hear you come!

Unlike us poor men, they usually gave each other two orgasms in a row. I think it was to tease us and show the sexual superiority which we were happy to acknowledge.

They were slim and not large breasted, but how beautifully those breasts looked and moved when free floating! Josh and I also looked forward to the time in a few months when their hair would be long enough to float around as well. We had trimmed and shaved on Mars so we were all smooth, but would get quite shaggy as the months progressed. We were all of modest size, weight being at a premium and height being a disadvantage. You had to be less than a certain height to join this particular ride! And it helped for spare parts if space-suits were interchangeable.

In space, oral sex rules. Fucking is possible but is more complicated, and we would have our share of that. I would fuck Josh and both of the girls, and he would fuck me and the girls. That was the rule. Fair shares. Perhaps not entirely fair. The girls were the only ones to be double penetrated, but I would sometimes enjoy being fucked and sucked.

Next day was a fucking day. We have a treadmill we all have to use every day to reduce the loss of muscle in zero-g. It has a harness and elastic straps to substitute for gravity and give us something to push against. It doubles as a bed for sex. Philly stood in front, harnessed elastically in place to a pad and I stood behind or lay on top, depending on how you viewed it. With the elastic in the right direction I would have to pull backwards similar to lifting the weight of my pelvis on Earth. This simulated lying down. I pumped and pumped joyfully against that beautiful round brown butt, supporting my virtual weight a little on my elbows, but not too much as she likes the rare feeling of weight on top of her. She never comes this way, but does not mind since both girls get far more orgasms than us guys, but enjoy a long fuck just the same.

It was a great ride, as it usually is, but the fun was not over. Natasha floated in to help Philly out and deal with my condom. She milked my cock a little to get any late sperms out, and carefully removed it in the correct space procedure, then added the absorbent cover which would take care of any later dribble. As the biologist in charge of our bioreactors, she would take the spunk to feed some tame fungus which would in due course give us our favourite pâté. The thick condom would be cleaned and used again. Our pee and poo were also recycled biologically, or the missions would be impractical. We are more or less a closed environment, and almost nothing goes to waste.

Josh rearranged the pad and harness so that I was bent over, and directed the elastic so that we both seemed to be standing. With a precisely measured amount of lubricant, he then proceeded to fuck me. I quite like being fucked when I have already come, because I can appreciate the sensations, and because I like to feel the pleasure that Josh is getting from me. Yes, I love him. We all love each other, which is why our crew will survive the two years that the round trip to Mars takes. We were halfway through and on our way home! But for the moment I imagine I am standing at home, bent over the bed and being loved, while my two women watch. I pretty much know how long he will take, and am prepared for those stronger strokes when he comes. I also like to see his face when he fucks or is sucked off by one of the girls. Love does not come any greater than what the four of us share.

The trip to Mars takes nearly a year each way, and the psychology of people in a small space had proved to be the most difficult technical problem to solve. It took nearly fifty years to find the ideal combination: two men, two women, all mutually sexually compatible and with sufficient diversity to avoid boredom but not enough to cause fatal friction. So we argued enough to be interesting, and had different life stories to tell. A bit of ethnic diversity had been found to help. Political correctness did not matter, only what prolonged tests had found out about people in general and us as individuals. The girls in particular were not being compared to the same standard of beauty, but were complementary. The strict fitness and body size requirements meant that we all had decent physiques. Josh had a bigger cock than me, which somehow I quite liked, and the girls said they enjoyed the variety, so no-one was jealous.

The scientists had tried suppressing sexual desire with drugs; but the thing that seemed to work best for longest was a healthy natural libido and the means to express it. There were no dildos or vibrators. We had to get our sexual satisfaction from each other, like our near evolutionary neighbours, the chimpanzees and bonobos. We had been observed in Earth orbit and our friendly touches and kisses brought the scientists' approval, like chimps grooming. The more physical contact the better, they said, and sexual contact was best.

The girls had opted to have periods, though the blood was of course collected and went to our bioreactors. Period pains are not the problem their grandmothers suffered and we had the medication to stop them if they chose. Keeping the natural female cycle had been found to help long-term stability of groups, reminding us all of our normal humanity and was a different way of measuring progress. 

We had some medication if either of the guys was unable to get it up, but it was a matter of pride to manage without it. Josh had been head of the class in training, and we were all glad to be crew members with him. I tried to match him in ejaculations, and came pretty close. However, we knew that enjoyment was more important than orgasms, so would often please each other for a while, relax and go again later. I was erect and attended to several times each day apart from when I came. I also enjoyed pussy licking for its own sake, and the girls did not feel obliged to come every time. Just ten minutes of pleasure for both, then maybe something else later.

Women have to be sterilized because of the radiation exposure away from the Earth's protective magnetic field. An occasional bareback fuck was therefore possible, but kept for special occasions and of course when we had arrived at Mars. It was just more awkward collecting the spunk afterwards.

We had little games, like putting on a blindfold and guessing who was sucking your cock or fingering your cunt or ass. Cunt-licking was not much of a contest because the girls could tell us apart immediately, though they sometimes played along. There were also just affectionate kisses or strokes in passing. The girls would sometimes 'accidentally' mistake a cock for a grab rail in moving around the craft.

Sometimes one of the girls would just hang in the middle, masturbating as she gently drifted about, and we gently pushed her away when she bumped into us, often with a kiss on whatever part it happened to be.

Fucking was a bit more of a routine, because of the need to collect spunk and to hold at least one of us in place, but other things could be inventive. I might be looking at a video when a cunt would slowly float in front of my face, and I was requested to make her come. The girls sometimes did what they called a round robin: being made to come by the other three in turn. Natasha holds the record, having been come three times by each of us, but the claim is disputed by Philly as Josh and I were so desperate that we had to suck each other off before the third go, so she says it was not continuous. A rematch will certainly occur.

We have done a lot of daisy chains, all four of us connected sexually. Zero-g is the ideal place, since all directions are possible, and thus all possible combinations. Not dealing with weight means that a space Kama Sutra would be a very large volume. To be fair, a lot of our daisy chain efforts end in more laughter than orgasms, but it is all fun.

While we are naked most of the time, some clothing is required for certain technical operations. We also sometimes put on boots, which makes it easier to hang by our feet from the grab rails while engaged in complex sexual activity, usually from one side to the other, with the last person holding on by their hands to another grab rail.

Philly has something else. She included a pair of white lace stockings in her tiny allowance of personal belongings. Once a month, when she is feeling randiest, she puts them on. Familiar as we are with her body, all three of the rest agree it is strangely erotic to have this partial clothing with the white in stark contrast to her lovely dark skin. We combine forces to pleasure her as much as we can in every way. She is wise to keep it as a special occasion which we look forward to, and which is another way of keeping track of the time. On birthdays of course, the lucky birthday boy or girl has the unstinting efforts of the others. On any day one of us has only to mention a fancy, for example if one of the girls wants it up the ass, and we are sure to oblige.

I am proud to be one of the new explorers. We are the extra-special ones who can be long distance astronauts. Loving and randy bisexuals.