 January, 2050

Jobs are scarce these days. With companies letting go more and more employees it's becoming exceedingly important to interview well and make a good impression. And the interviews were getting more and more interesting.

Evan Catalano was the Assistant to the Director of Human Resources for Nugene Pharmaceuticals. He was in charge of interviewing all potential department heads.

Because of the state of the economy, Evan wasn't a stranger to attempts at bribery or flirtation from women or men. He was generally resistant to it. Any amount of money or sex just didn't seem worth his job.

Not until Charlotte came in to interview for an opening in the Research Department. Her resume was impeccable, her references glowing. Based on his experience he expected a conservatively dressed middle aged woman who sat with her legs crossed and her glasses pushed back, hair pulled back into a severe bun.

Her certainly did not expect what he saw walking in. His interviewee, Charlotte Meneses, was 5'7", almost 6'0" with those stiletto heals she was wearing. But that was the most benign portion of her outfit. Above her heals she wore stockings held up by garters that were just visible, hanging out beneath her skirt.

And that skirt. Goddamn, that skirt rode just below her sweet ass, was pleated and reminded him of what a schoolgirl would wear. But no honest schoolgirl would wear something that short. On top she had a simple white button up tucked in, a short tie at the top. He was just shocked her blonde hair wasn't pulled up into pigtails.

This was his interview?

"Mr. Catalano?" The woman held out her hand. "I'm Charlotte Meneses." Evan didn't think it would be a smart idea to stand up, his boner probably making more of an impression than was appropriate. He took the coward's way out, half standing and reaching out over the desk to shake her hand.

"You're here to interview for..." He couldn't even finish sentences now, she had him that up in arms.

Charlotte took his awkwardness in strike, bouncing a little as she responded, "For the head of the Human Testing Sector." God help him, her tits jiggled in that little shirt. For a minute he thought she might start jumping and cheering as if she were at a football game.

"Do you mind?" Evan inclined his head toward the thumbprint reader. Charlotte leaned down, put her thumb against it and put her eye against the reader. Evan sat and waited for the readout. In the last ten years with the new delta-suits, identification was crucial. Delta-suits were the newest rage of identity thieves. The device allowed for individuals to assume the identity of someone else temporarily.

"Aren't we suspicious?" Charlotte breathed, smiling as she obeyed his request.

"Can't be too careful." Evan looked at the readout and nodded. "Have a seat, Charlotte." Evan motioned to the seat in front of his desk. Charlotte smiled real big, bounced again and sat down. She crossed her legs, letting her skirt slide even further up her leg.

He couldn't let this go on. "Ms. Meneses, I've read your application and you are extremely well qualified for this position."

"Uh huh," she might have giggled.

"Ms Meneses, I have to be honest with you. You're very qualified, and I'm sure you'd do grade A work. But I'm a little concerned by..." Evan couldn't even say it, he just waved his hand up and down, indicating how she was dressed.

"Let me guess," Charlotte sat up, pressing her elbows in so her breasts would stand higher. "I'm not exactly exemplary of your dress code?" She smiled, dimples poking out on both cheeks.

"Yeah." Evan left it at that, letting her make the next move.

He thought she was leaving when she stood up and walked to the door. But she just closed then locked it.

"Now just a minute..." Evan started but she quickly interrupted him.

"This is a tough job market, Mr. Catalano." Charlotte began, pulling the shades to his office shut. "I know that, you know that. You may find me highly qualified, but I bet there's ten other applicants in that pile on your desk that are just as qualified, if not more."

"And frankly, I'm tired of searching for a job. As I'm sure you're tired of interviewing dozens and dozens of people." Charlotte began working the knot at her tie, slipping the little piece of fabric out of her collar.

"Charlotte, not that I'm not...not that I wouldn't...I mean you're very..." Evan couldn't even finish a sentence his blood was so boiled up.

"Awe, are your boxers in a bunch, Evan?" Charlotte giggled, beginning at the buttons on her shirt.

"Charlotte, this is my work!"

"And every man who saw me walk in here is going to wonder what's wrong with you if I walk out of here in the next few minutes fully dressed."

Evan smiled. She was definitely right about that. And then the last button to her shirt came undone and all other thoughts flew out of his head. Underneath she had on an innocent white bra with two very plump breasts pushing together.

"What was that?" Charlotte said, giggling. Evan's mouth had fallen open and there might have been drool sliding out the left side.

Evan snapped out of it, shaking his head. He'd be damned if he let this opportunity pass him by.

"Come over here," Evan motioned for her, his voice went husky.

Her eyes were dilated with desire, her nipples hard and poking through her bra. She sashayed with each step she made in his direction, her heals clicking on the tiled floor. She stopped to stand in front of Evan, her crotch at eye level.

Then Evan stood up, his full height dwarfing Charlotte. At 6'7" he made her look tiny. Charlotte gasped as he stood over her, his height and broadness arousing her even further. Having the guts to come in here dressed like a role playing hooker already had her wetter than she'd ever been. But now, watching Evan stand up and take charge, she was ready to do whatever he said.

"Bend over," He whispered, his words not a request but a demand.

Charlotte obeyed, bending over the desk, placing her hands on the papers piled haphazardly all along the flat surface, lifting her as high in the air for him.

Evan slid his hand beneath her skirt, lifting the plaid material up over her waist. He thought he was going to have a heart attack when he saw the lace thong sliding down between her plump round cheeks. She had one of those asses where the flesh rounds out creating two beautiful, perky globes. The thong went from the knot at the top of her ass and disappeared. The sight just about made him come in his pants.

"You're so beautiful." He choked out, stroking his hands across her soft flesh, feeling the softness shake beneath his hand.

"Thank you," her voice was harsh with arousal. Was she as turned on as he was?

Evan slipped his hand between her ass cheeks and followed the wide band of her thong to her cunt. The small scrap of material was completely soaked. The feel of the fabric separating his finger from her skin was amazing. Such a small thing.

She wiggled at his touch, telling him how much she liked it when his hand was between her ass. He decided he wanted to hear her say it too.

"Do you like that?" Evan's finger slipped between the globes of her ass, pressed against the pucker of her anus. She bucked back against him.

"Yes!" She screeched, arching her back even further.

Evan went down on his knees and ran his nose up and down the line of her thong, nipping at her asscheeks as he went. When he got down to her soaked cunt, he ripped the thong out of the way, throwing the useless scrap across the room. She was completely shaven down there, her lips poking out between her asscheeks, salivating her arousal.

He took one finger and gently ran it along the line of her lips, feeling the juices that had been puddling between her thighs. She growled, arching her back against him, her lips begging to be plundered.

Evan took pity on her and leaned down, taking the full of her puckered pussy lips in his mouth and sucking on her. He held her ass apart with his hands, giving him better access to the crack in her body.

She tasted like honeydew melon and salt. Delicious. He stabbed his tongue inside her channel, tasting her readiness.

"Please, just fuck me!" She screeched.

"You want this job, Ms. Meneses?" Evan asked, standing up, gripping her pussy in the palm of his hand.

"Yes, yes. I need this job, Evan!" She whispered.

"Then you'll do what I want, won't you?" Evan clasped her pussy in his hand, wriggling it hard, giving her a little relief from the fuck me now! feeling.

"Yes, sir." She whispered.

"Turn around and get on your knees," he ordered.

Charlotte turned around, her hair completely mussed up, her nipples looked like they could shred her bra. She followed his ordered, getting down on her knees. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what he wanted, though her resume made her just about qualified for that.

Her hands shook with arousal as she undid his belt. His pants quickly fell to his ankles, his arousal jutting forward. She took it in her hands, giving it one long luxurious stroke, working the precum drizzling from the slit.

"God yeah! Lick it up!" He demanded. She complied, taking the head of his cock in her mouth, sucking the precum out. It aroused him to no end seeing this amazingly gorgeous woman on her knees, sucking his dick in the middle of a workday. Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined this is what he'd be doing when he woke up this morning.

Charlotte moved her head up and down along his length, building up the pressure in his groin. The feeling was so exquisite he had to stop her after two strokes.

"Stop!"

"Stop?" She laughed, stroking her mouth on him one more time.

"Stop or this is gonna end real fast, hon." He laughed. "I mean, unless that's what you want..." one eyebrow arched up, questioning.

"Oh hell no," she stood up, ripped the bra off her chest and took the two massive globes in his hands. God they were beautiful. So round. So real. He took them in his hands, feeling the flesh in his two hands, pushing the flesh together. The nipples were hard the instant he touched them. He took them in his fingers and twisted them until they stood out almost an inch, making her whine with pleasure.

"You like that?"

"God yes! Fuck me, Evan! Please!" She ran her arm across the length of Evan's desk, sweeping everything onto the floor with a crash. With a quick hop she was on his desk, her legs spread, her center swollen with arousal.

Evan aimed and dove in, pushing himself as far as he was able. He grabbed her legs, wrapping them around his hips, giving himself more leverage to drive in. He stayed still for several long seconds, savoring the sensation of being completely surrounded by her heat, with her lush breasts pressed against his chest. The sensation was exquisite.

But it didn't last long. Charlotte began wiggling ass, banging on his butt with her legs, trying to get him to move.

"Move damn you!" She screeched, digging her nails into his back.

And that was all she wrote. Evan dug in his heels and began pumping his cock into her welcoming body. He pushed her back onto the desk and leaned over her, moving even faster. She leaned back, clutched her breasts in her hands and pinched her nipples.

Evan was getting close and didn't want to go over without her. He reached down to her center and furiously rubbed her clit until her entire body shivered, clenching around him. She screamed out her pleasure, drenching his desk with her orgasm. He followed quickly, losing himself in her. Both lay there, breathing hard, waiting for the real world to descend back onto them.

Taking a deep breath, Charlotte pulled back, reached behind her neck and flipped a switch. Evan watched as his beautiful interviewee mutated into a plain middle aged woman. His woman.

"Mrs. Catalano, we gotta stop doing this or they're gonna wonder why me and my wife are at the office every Sunday. Especially when she doesn't work here!" Evan grinned, chastising his beautiful bride sitting on the desk, proud as a peach.

"They'll just assume you're a hard worker. And I am the ever devoted wife..." She giggled again, removing the ring around her neck that held the delta suit technology.

"I am a hard worker!" Even laughed, pulling his cock out of his wife. "Just not exactly at what they're expecting. This isn't exactly the bonus they were talking about."

Charlotte jumped off the desk, straightening her attire, trying to make herself look remotely presentable. "Oh hon," Charlotte wrapped herself around her husband's neck, grateful he put up with her exotic sexual fantasies. And even more grateful the delta suit let them take their role-playing to the next level. "The things you do for me."