 "What!?!" I yelled at the curvy blonde that my frumpy middle aged aunt Samantha had morphed into. "What? What?" I waved my hands up confusion. "What the fuck?"

"Calm down, Megan." The young girl gave me an sympathetic smile. "Now that you're eighteen it's time I told you everything. For starters, I'm not really your aunt."

"I knew it!" I wagged my finger in her face. "You kidnapped me as a child didn't you? It explains so much."

"No. I'm your great..." She started counting on her fingers. "Fuck it. You're the eighteenth girl, born into the eighteenth generation of my descendants, and tonight is the first full moon since your eighteenth birthday. You are the next one to inherit the power.

"What power?"

"The power to summon the Liln. The children of Lilith, Queen of the Night."

"And why would I do that? Why would I want to summon these demons?"

"Spirits of lust and desire, not demons. As a Succubus you use them to fuel your powers, by draining their essence." She leaned in conspiratorially. "By fucking them silly." 

"What's a Succubus?" Something clicked in my brain. "This is why you took me in and raised me isn't it? This is why you let me have this cabin behind your house for free." I was mad. I balled my fists and gave her my evilest look. It didn't faze her. It never had. "You've been using me."

"I took you in because you're family, and I love you. The mark on your hip was an unexpected, but pleasant, bonus." She threw her arms wide. "And this place affords us both some privacy to practice our arts. And a Succubus is, kinda like a vampire. Only instead of blood we feed on desire, lust, and orgasm." A contented smile spread across her face. "And before you ask, normal people would die from it."

I cocked an inquisitive eyebrow. "Fucking the Liln or fucking us?"

"Yes. Now, Let's get started." She pointed at my bedroom door. "Go get Bunny. I know you still sleep with him, don't be embarrassed."

Confused, but curious, I went and got the plush bunny. He was huge, almost five feet tall, and dressed in a black suit. My aunt, ... Grandma...,uh, Samantha had given him to me when I came to live with her. He had been a display model sent to her toy store all the way from England. She had tried to bribe him away from me with different, smaller animals, but I refused to yield. She had promised me any toy in the place and I wanted him. Sleeping next to him had made me feel safe,and not as lonely. It still did. 

"His name," I said with a huff, "is Sir Benjamin Bunbury the Fourth of Long-Ear Manor." I sat him in the armchair. "Not 'Bunny'. If you're a close friend you can call him Benji." I narrowed my eyes. "You, however, will address him as Sir Bunbury."

"Whatever." She grabbed him and propped him against the wall. "Remember when you were eight and married him in front of all your other stuffed animals?" She gave me a warm smile. "Soooo adorable."

I felt my cheeks flush in embarrassment. "What does he have to do with this?"

Samantha pulled down her pants. On her hip was a birthmark shaped like an owl in flight. "This is the mark of Lilith. It not only identifies you as a Succubus, but it allows you to summon the Liln. It also says something about the form the Liln take when summoned by you."

I looked down at my hip. The rounded ears of a teddy bear peeped up over my jeans. "So you fuck owls and I'm going to fuck bears? I'm confused. I mean I've seen guys around the house. Human guys, and a few women as well come to think of it."

"You've seen Liln I've summoned. The owl means they always look human. Any size, shape, etc..., but always within human norms. It's the oldest mark and means I'm something of a generalist, I suppose. Your's is newer, more, uh, specialized. A fetishist, if you want to give it a name. A Succubus that represents a specific sexual interest and whose powers will help it spread and flourish." She stroked Benji's head and winked.

My jaw dropped. "Plushies? I'm not into that! I've never... I, I don't know anything about... " I crossed my arms as my neck and face went red. I hoped it came across as anger. I mean, Yes, I shared a bed with Benji. Yes, I had "married" him. Yes, With the help of a strap-on, we had consummated that marriage several times in the last month, but I wasn't telling her that! "There's been a mistake! A misunderstanding, cause I am most definitely not like that!

"Whatever." Samantha handed me a cup filled with a warm milky liquid. "Drink." I took a tentative sip. Damn! It tasted like sugar cookies fresh from the oven! I swallowed the rest of it in one gulp. I felt the warmth spread through my entire body. It felt good. Really good. I wanted more. Samantha unceremoniously yanked my jeans to my knees snapping me back to reality. "That will allow you to summon your first Liln. Now do what I say, Megan. Lick those two fingers." She nodded as I complied. "Good, Now rub your mark three times in a circular motion." A cold chill passed through me and the warmth faded. What happened next though, caused me to drop the cup.

Benji twitched and shook for a second. Then with a pop he transformed into a human sized anthropomorphic hare. He leaned casually against the wall, with his hands in his pockets, and gave me a devilish buck toothed grin. I gasped. A familiar nervous tingle started in my belly. I pushed my knees together as I felt my pussy get wet. "Hello, My sweet, beautiful Megan." His voice was smooth, cultured and very, very British. (Dammit!) I couldn't stop a smitten grin from spreading across my face. A sudden blast of music made me jump.

"What are you doing?"

My former aunt looked up from my laptop. "Finding some appropriate mood music."

"Appropriate for what?"

"That." She pointed. Benji had already stripped off his jacket, vest and tie. He worked on the buttons of his shirt while gyrating to the beat. As the shirt came off it revealed a lean, muscular body. Not a massive bodybuilder's physique, but a runner's tight frame. His chest and belly was snow white, thick and fluffy across his pecs, but thinning on his belly to reveal a taut six-pack. I tried unsuccessfully to not drool. "Seems like your powers make them more Furrie and less Plushie. OH!" Benji had turned his back and started to remove his pants. He teased them slowly down his narrow waist and hips revealing a firm brown furred ass crowned with a bushy tail. "I'm gonna go. Let you guys get better acquainted."

I jumped up to stop her and promptly fell over. Cursing, I ripped off my shoes and jeans and stood up again. "No! You can't leave me here with...with... HIM!" She just smiled. "Seriously, I'm not into this." I felt velvety arms encircle my waist and hot breath on the back of my neck. Surprisingly dexterous paws slid into my shirt and under my bra. My nipples stiffened instantly as the rough pads on his digits slid across them. My panties were soaked through I was so turned on. He began gently kissing my neck and shoulders while sliding one paw down my belly and between my thighs. "OH, Fuck Me!" I groaned as he began rubbing me through my underwear. "I'm not doing this." I squealed as something fleshy brushed against my buttocks. "You can't make me."

Samantha looked back from the open door. "Uh-Huh." She flashed an evil grin. "Have fun." She waved as she pulled the door shut behind her.

Benji had managed to slip his hand into my panties and was expertly rubbing my love button. I counted to fifty after hearing the door click. Then I spun around and gave him a passionate kiss. We embraced, exploring each others mouths with our tongues as desire overwhelmed me. I relished the feel of his silky fur under my wandering fingers as I explored his naked body. I felt his ridged paw pads dance down my back before firmly gripping my full round ass. I came up for air and shoved him back onto the couch.

I quickly peeled off the rest of my clothes. I smiled, struck a sexy pose and winked. He chuckled as his eyes roamed over my entire body. I looked him up and down as well, grinning in appreciation as I realized we wouldn't need the strap-on tonight. His thick cock and pendulous balls were bright pink and hairless against the white fur of his belly and crotch. It lay stiff against his stomach, almost reaching his belly button. It was bigger than anything I had fucked before and I felt a mix of nerves, and desire in the pit of my stomach. My mouth was dry so I swallowed before attempting to speak. "Thank God, I thought she would never leave."

Benji grabbed my hand and pulled me on top of him. I kissed his neck and shoulders, loving the way his fur tickled my lips. I worked my way down to his chest, parting the thick fur to find his stiff nipples. He groaned loudly as I flicked one then the other with my tongue. My hand stroked its way down his smooth fur and wrapped around his rigid prick. I stroked him slowly while continuing to lick, suck, and gently bite his nipples. He sucked in a quick breath and exhaled a slow and deep groan. I straightened my leg and put a bare foot on the floor. Then I straddled him and used my hand to guide him into my waiting wetness. He gripped my hips to help me balance and we gazed into each others eyes. I swallowed again out of sheer nervousness. This was the point of no return. I felt his tapered length pressing against my dripping entrance and knew this is exactly what I wanted.

I began to ease my way down onto him. His breath caught as his cock began to spread me wide. My own breath came in hitches as I slowly teased my way down his stiff throbbing shaft. No one had ever filled me this much, or gone this deep. His grip tightened as he entered me completely for the first time. We never broke eye contact. I leaned forward and adjusted my hips before beginning to grind against him. I closed my eyes and bit my lip as I felt his stiffness retreat, then slide to the root again and again. The feel of his fur against my smooth naked flesh sent new unexpected thrills through me as we moved with each other. I felt his paws start to roam. One came to a rest on my ass, squeezing gently with each stroke. The other began gently tweaking my nipples. They were so hard they hurt. I moaned and started picking up the pace. He responded by matching my strokes. I felt something furry brush against my chest, then something wet start tracing a path across my breasts. Nigel's tongue began circling, and flicking my aching nipples. I gripped the couch and groaned my approval. I felt a gust of air just before his paw smacked into my ass cheek with an audible pop. I squealed.

"You like?" His breath was hot and wet on my chest.

"Yes." I whispered. He slapped it again. Harder.

"Speak up, Megan." He took a nipple into his mouth and bit down. "I didn't quite catch that."

"Yes." I gasped. I got another slap and felt the stinging heat on my cheeks. He timed it perfectly with another playfully firm nibble and I yelped loudly.

"You want more?" Slap. Bite.

"Uh-Huh." I grinned down at him. I could feel my orgasm building. I knew he had to be close too. We were thrusting against each other with mounting fury. I decided to give him a taste of his own medicine. I grabbed one of his black tipped ears and ran my tongue along its length. He cursed and gripped my ass harder. I took the tip into my mouth and sucked it as he cursed repeatedly. Then I gave him a playful little nip. Not hard, just enough to let him feel my teeth. He squealed loudly and jumped. I lost it.

I sat bolt upright and bit my lip. The laugh swelled in me, threatening to burst free. I snorted. He looked annoyed, which made it worse. I tried to focus on other things. The beat of the music, the clothes crumpled on the floor, the clean fresh natural smell of his body. None of it helped. I caught a glimpse at his embarrassed expression out of the corner of my eye and knew the battle was lost. I cackled. I howled. I laughed until my face and sides hurt. He didn't join in. I buried my face in his shoulder until I got it under control. I looked into his scowling face, winked and gave him my goofiest smile. "Awww, something wrong?" 

With a growl he sat up and lifted me off the couch. I squealed and kicked futilely, trapped in his surprisingly strong embrace. He lay me down across the coffee table. I looked up, shocked by the serious expression on his face, and couldn't quite stifle a nervous giggle. Had I gone too far? The naughty smile he was wearing gave off mixed signals. "Yes." He put my legs on his shoulders and plunged back into me with ease. I gasped, almost painfully full as he plunged in to his balls, then groaned as he started fucking me to the rhythm of the music. "Neither one of us has come yet." I gripped the table as he started pounding me harder. "But it's a situation I'm going to rectify right now." I closed my eyes and hung my head off the back of the table. It was absolute heaven. The orgasm was building within me. My breathing was hard and fast and, my body trembled under his assault. He fucked me hard and fast. He punished my pussy like it had wronged him.

It hit me like a freight train. I slapped my hands against the floor and howled. My back arched, and my toes curled as waves of pleasure crashed through my entire body. I was tossed about on a sea of pure unfettered bliss, overwhelmed by the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. Benji kept thrusting, keeping me in my joyous rapture, until suddenly he grunted and grabbed my ankles, hard. I felt him grow impossibly hard and swell inside me. I knew what was coming.

I managed to pull my legs free and kick him away. He stumbled back and fell onto the couch with a squawk. As his penis popped out it was already spraying a torrent of hot syrupy spunk everywhere. The first shot hit me square in the face. I opened my mouth to scream and was silenced by a spurt straight into my throat. I tried to protect myself but it was futile. By the time he was done I had sticky bunny jizz coating my breasts, pooling on my belly, running down my thighs, and even dripping off my toes. I swallowed it, not something I normally do, and managed to get one eye clean enough to open. What I saw confirmed what I had heard. Benji was doubled over in laughter.

"Guess this makes us even, huh?" He said between gasping breaths.

"I bit your ear." I sat up and glared at him with my one clear eye. "You glazed me like a box of donuts, you jackass!"

"I'm a hare, not a jackass." He grinned. "You're a very sexy donut if it helps though."

"Ha Ha. Very funny. You could have warned me, you know." I licked my lips and swallowed again. I felt the warmth spread through me.

He leaned back and placed his arms across the back of the couch. "You could have just let me finish inside you."

"Nuh-uh." I wiped my face some more and licked my fingers clean. "I don't care if we are 'married' you're not wearing a condom. I'm not getting pregnant at eighteen like my mom did." Damn, did his jizz really taste like cookies and cream ice cream?

He barked out a laugh. "I can't get you pregnant, Meg. I'm a spirit of lust, not fertility." He leaned forward and kissed me gently. "Though I've heard some Succubi can use their powers to fake one." He licked, and kissed my face some more. "For completion of their rituals. But I can't impregnate you, my ejaculate isn't meant for that." He kissed me, and used his tongue to feed me the cum he had licked off me. "It's to fuel your powers and sustain your life." We kissed some more. I smiled as he continued to snowball me until my face was clean

Something clicked in my brain, and I pushed him away. "That's what was in that cup, Samantha gave me wasn't it?" Benji nodded. "That sneaky bitch." He chuckled. "Is that why it tastes like it does? To make it easier to ingest?"

"Yes, It varies from Liln to Liln, but our power will always be flavored as something you'll enjoy. It also takes a physical form appropriate to the body we inhabit and the specialty of the Succubus in question." He pushed my hair back and began nibbling my earlobe. It sent tingles through my body. I began playing with his nipples and he moaned.

"The form you inhabit?" I felt a familiar heat building between my legs. I pushed him back on the couch and started kissing my way down his body. My wandering fingers found his already erect penis and began caressing it. "Oh, you could be any guy, not just a anthropomorphic hare, got it."

"No." He chuckled. "I could be anything, Megan. Human. Rabbit. Demon. Alien. Male. Female. I'm a spirit. Your summons is what places me at a point on the spectrum and fixes me there for the time we're together."

I sat up in surprise. "So you could just have easily been my Funtime Filly horse?" He nodded and smiled. "And you wouldn't have cared?" He shook his head. "Good to know Pudding Juggler is down for something like that." I smiled. "Something to file away for later."

As I lowered my lips towards his throbbing shaft I felt his paws brush my hair back and hold it out of my face. What a gentlemen. I mean, forget holding it just when I'm drunk and sick, this is just as important for us long haired girls. I slowly licked my way down his length, feeling his grip on my hair grow tighter. I took one bright pink hairless ball into my mouth and started licking and sucking on it. I felt his whole body stiffen as he gasped. I gave the other one the same treatment before kissing my way back up his tapered penis. I put the tip in my mouth, slowly swirling my tongue around it. I stared straight up at him as I teased my way down his pulsing cock. My lips wrapped tight as I sucked and licked my way to the base and all the way up again. I couldn't believe it. I just knew it wouldn't go that deep. From Benji's moans and the trembling of his limbs I knew this wouldn't take long.

I closed my eyes, moaned in anticipation, and went to work. I used my hands to stroke his spit covered shaft and massage his rotund balls. At the same time I bobbed my head in time to a new song from the laptop. He made whimpering noises, in between cursing and gasping my name. He yelled a warning just as I felt his dick grow even harder and swell between my lips. I swallowed him entirely, determined to drink every last drop. The first spurt went straight down my throat. I groaned blissfully as the now familiar warmth hit my stomach and spread through me. I squeezed his firm balls as he unleashed shot after shot into my waiting mouth.

It was too much.

Despite my willingness and best efforts I couldn't swallow fast enough. It filled my mouth. It ran out of the corners and dripped onto my chest. It flowed over my fingers. It didn't seem like it would ever stop. I didn't want it to. Eventually though it twitched one last time and started to go soft. I pulled away and started to wipe my chin. I barely had time to blink though, as Benji pulled me up and lay me back on the couch. "Oh!" It was all I could manage to say.

Benji stood there holding one of my legs. He pulled my foot close and gave my heel a playful bite. I giggled. He slowly kissed, licked and nibbled his way down my foot. Then my calf. As he worked his way across my thigh, my hands slid down my belly towards my aching slit. He gently brushed them away.

"No, no, no, Sweetness, Leave it all to me." His fur sent tingles through me as he kissed his way towards my flushed entrance. I put one leg on either side of his head, planting my feet on the coffee table, as he looked up at me and winked. I felt two fingers slide into me and gasped. His whiskers brushed against my exposed skin, and I had to stifle a giggle. I felt his steamy breath on my exposed sex a second before his tongue brushed across my clit. A long breathy moan escaped my lips. I gripped the cushions tightly as Benji's tongue and fingers danced together with a rhythm that made my entire body quiver. I could feel a knot tightening in my core and my muscles tensed. Dimly I became aware of his fingers slipping out of me and pressing against my clenched asshole.
