 A tired woman comes home from 12 hours of work. She looks nerdy with her big glasses, and people have never seen her wear her hair down, because it's always in a bun. She takes off her glasses, her clothes, and takes a shower. She is wearing nothing but a jersey (no underwear) when she comes out; gets on her knees and prays, "God...something in my life definitely has to change. I'm a good person, and I'm blessed with a good job, and I pay all my bills on time, and everything else is okay. One thing though is missing, and that is sex. I haven't been made love to in a very long time...I don't even know what it feels like anymore, please send me someone good, a good person that will satisfy me God. Amen." She gets into bed and puts the covers over her, and sleeps. It is 10:08 PM.

It is around one in the morning, and all is quiet and still. All of a sudden, a strong but gentle breeze sweeps into her room, and what was once the moon light, is now a crystalline light, dimming her window. The light gets brighter, then transforms into a human form with wings. The figure stands 6 foot tall, and he is very beautiful. His skin is olive, his face delicate and flawless, and so is his skin. He has the perfect body. His black curls are draped over his shoulders. The angel looks at Regina and walks over to her bed. Her head is cocked to the side, and she is sleeping; totally unaware that he is watching her, he takes the cover and draws it down. All that is exposed are her beautiful legs. While Regina was sleeping, her jersey swiped up a bit, and her pretty vagina is now exposed. Regina opens her eyes, screams and puts the covers over her.

"Don't fear," the angel says.

"Who the hell are you?????!!"

"I'm your guardian angel," the angel replies with a smile, "I'm also the one who grew up with you."

"This is a joke. Get out of here before I call the police!"

The angel shrugs, "Go ahead. They won't believe you when you tell them an angel from heaven is in your room."

Regina stares at this beautiful creature, "You really are an angel, aren't you?"

"Yes, your guardian angel. I'm the one who knows all about you."

"What do you know about me?"

"The fact that you work more than you should, you don't go out, you don't have any friends except the one at work who you think is your friend and she talks about you, and you haven't had sex since your last divorce. I also know that you take antidepressants everyday, and you're in a depression."

Regina is stunned. She can't say anything even though she wants to, but she can't find the words. 

"I know. you're still confused, I can read your mind. You also think I'm good looking. Thank you. God heard your prayer, and he sent me to answer it."

"But why are you naked? Don't angels wear white gowns?"

The angel grins, "Heaven is not what they tell you it is."

"So...what are you going to do?"

"I'm here to answer you, and satisfy," then he kisses her. Regina feels a strong angel energy, and it enters her body. It feels so good. They kiss very long and deep, and Regina is gasping between each kiss for air. The angel touches her down there, and massages her clit, his fingers strong. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm," Regina moans. The angel takes off her jersey, and Regina is not shy or nervous around him. He looks at her like no other man has, in a very loving way. They continue kissing, and he continues to massage her down there. Regina feels all the nerves opening up, and the blood rushing down to her vagina. The angel pulls her down to the edge of the bed, and he buries his face and eats her out. 

Regina is in Heaven, and she has never felt any sexier. She moves her hips, and opens her legs wider, giving her little friend more access to her box. He sucks, eats, massages, fingers, and gently nibbles. 

"Oh my god!" Regina cries out, and she starts to shake. She grips the bed and pants and catches her breath. 

It feels as if the angel is not missing any part of her vagina, she feels as if the inside INSIDE parts are being taken care of by this beautiful stranger. When he is done, he rises up and lies down. Regina goes down on him and sees his dick. It's so beautiful and big. She takes it into her mouth and devours it like she does chocolate. 

The angel moans a little, and looks down to see what she is doing, before closing his eyes. He is breathing deeply, and Regina's pace goes a little more rapid. The angel grips the bed with his strong hands, and by his face, Regina can tell he is enjoying it. Regina can feel him getting harder, nothing has ever tasted so sweet. 

After that, they switch places again, and this time, Regina is lying down. He places himself inside of her. Sex with a man on Earth has never felt so good, but with this man, or angel...it was powerful! He's inside of her deep, but it's like he's really deep inside of her. No other man can reach those sacred places. It feels so good that Regina cries. 

"God!" she screams. The angel does not talk dirty to her or call her names. He's respectful. He can also read her mind, and puts her legs on his shoulders. He pounds deeper and harder. The sounds that Regina make are enough to get someone arrested. 

Regina rides the angel, and she feels powerful, feminine and sexy on top of him. She licks her lips and the tears can't seem to stop coming down her face. 

"You can turn around, I know you want to," he tells her. She turns around, and he grips her waist. Enjoying the rhythmic movements they created together, she rides him nice and fast. His hands on her waist are strong, and he pumps harder and faster right with her as she rides out her orgasm. She shakes, and screams, and cums so hard. The energy rises from her head to her toes. It's a strong electric energy. 

--------------------------

Regina is feeling better than ever, and lies down sweating. The angel is sweating too, and looks more beautiful than ever. Regina is trying to catch her breath. She looks at the clock. It is 5:30 AM. Four hours have passed! 

"Remember, if you ever need anything, just call on your Guardian Angel, Gaedreal."

"Gaedreal...okay, I will."

He kisses her, "I'm leaving you now."

"Bye."

"No good-byes, I'm always with you. I just have to report for duty."

Regina laughs, "Okay"

The angel walks to her window, looks at her, then turns back. The crystal blue light surrounds him as he disappears. 

(Regina goes to work the next day. Her hair is down, and she is wearing a nice red long sleeved top, a black skirt and heels. Everyone is surprised by how different she looks)

Her friend, or "friend," Tracie notices her and says, "Regina, you look good! What happened????"

Regina smiles, "I had a great night."

"You invested in that vibrator like I told you to???"

"...yeah..."

"That's good. so how did it go?"

"It went very well, tapped into my feminine energy," Regina laughs, "And I realized at the end of the night, who I didn't need in my corner."

"Oh for real? Like who?"

"People like you Tracie. People who ask me how my life is going just so they can go back to their friends and talk about me."

Tracie is taken back, "What? What are you talking about?"

"Exactly that. I know you've been talking about me Tracie. I just never said anything. You've told everyone that I'm some depressed bitch who takes medication everyday, and I don't get any love at home. But I learned to love myself Tracie. I learned to love myself enough to stay away from people like you." Regina takes off the bracelet Tracie bought her months ago and hands it to her, "You can take this. I won't be needing that."

Tracie looks stupid and pissed off at the same time, and walks away. Regina smiles victoriously and walks away. She just outed Tracie, all because of her new found friend, Gaedreal. 

--------------------------