 Author's note: Well, I can say with all honesty that I am pleased with myself at the pace which I cranked this one out! Only four weeks after the release of Project: Prometheus Ch. 07, it is a marked improvement for me! Much better than the eight weeks it took me to crank out chapter two of that story!

I am still working on improving my craft and the speed at which I can write out chapters. I won't rest until I have reached the pace of writing a new chapter from any story idea I have every two weeks! I am getting there, slower than I would like, but any progress is good. I do hope that you folks enjoy this new idea that I've spent crafting! Now, shall we begin?

*****

Jason Bjornsson stepped off the bus and took in a breath of fresh air. He always loved the smell of the mountains whenever he got near them. The crisp and clean air that rolled off the slopes always got his blood going, but he never really knew why. He closed his eyes for a moment and just let the wind wash over him. Taking another deep breath, he then opened his eyes and brought his mind back to what he was supposed to be doing.

He walked over to where the greyhound driver had opened the baggage compartments and knelt down to where he had stowed his rucksack. Spotting the green bag, he knelt and retrieved it, dragging it out from the metal compartment. Once clear, he hoisted the bag onto his back and set it so that it wouldn't slide off of his shoulders. After thanking the driver for the stop, Jason was on his way down the road.

He was quite thankful that he didn't have to go far to reach the park, where the hiking trail started. As he walked into the park, he noted a few other groups of campers, but they seemed more interested in seeing some of the easier to access campgrounds. He walked on by them, picking up a few admiring glances from the fairer sex. Jason couldn't help but smile to himself as he moved along to find his friends.

He supposed that with the surge of that new TV show Riverdale, redheaded guys were starting to become a thing again. He not only had the hair, but the Nordic features to go along with it and green eyes. Standing at five-foot-eleven, with a solid and rawboned shape, he supposed that he did have viking-esque sort of look about him. Sadly, he didn't have the full musculature to go along with it. His legs were built and toned from his day job as a landscaper, but his upper body still left something to be desired.

Despite that, he was slowly making progress on filling himself out, even if it was a long ass grind in the gym to get there. His outdoorsy hobbies though had certainly kept from putting on too much extra weight, as he loved walking, hiking and running. Jason did like cycling from time to time but found using his own two legs to get around much more satisfying. He just loved the feel of the ground beneath his feet.

He located his friends and made his way towards them. They were easy to spot, mainly because most of them looked quite out of place here in nature. This was something that Jay could see and knew that it wasn't the case for him. Oddly enough, Jason found himself more at peace, almost attuned to nature whenever he went out into parks and such. It almost felt like he could sense the way it was feeling. Shaking away the thought, he saw that Jack had approached him and was looking as ready as he'd ever be.

"Ready to go man?" his friend asked.

"Absolutely! Been waiting for this for a while now. Is everyone here?" Jay wondered.

"Yup! We were just waiting on your slow ass to arrive," his black haired friend joked.

"Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up fuzzball. Come on, let's get going!"

Not needing to be told twice, Jack shouldered his rucksack, as did the rest of men and women in attendance. Turning to the trail, Jason stared heading on up, eager to be out and about in the forest. He stepped lively, happy to be in a place where he felt that he belonged. The rest of the group followed along, a little bit less enthusiastically, but still happily. Everyone else amongst the group looked at him as though he was daft, but they let him be, as he was a good man.

On more than one occasion, one of those present had needed help with some sort of situation or other. A little shy on payday, needing help in moving things and the like and as always, they could call on Jason for the help they needed. He was someone who would never leave someone in the lurch or in some kind of bad situation. This led to him always being the one to call when things needed doing.

Jason almost never minded helping someone out when they absolutely needed it, but that didn't mean that he was pushover. If you looked after him when he was helping you out, usually a large pizza or a sixer of beer did the trick, he was always there for you. That and he was good company to keep, provided you didn't mind the weird quirks and oddities that he did. Most people didn't, and they often were happy to have him around, even if it was just for the company.

The group plodded along for almost half an hour when they came to a fork in the road. Jason pulled out one of the maps he grabbed while entering the park and consulted it. He could see right off the get go that a new trail had been opened quite recently, apparently designed for the more advanced hiker. He looked at it with great interest, thinking that he might just go down it, to see just how advanced it was.

"Looking for some adventure Jay?" Jack queried when he came up alongside him.

"Well, it is a new trail, so it has my curiosity piqued. When did they open it?" he asked.

"It's something brand new that they cut not too long ago. Supposed to be more of a foot path than an actual trail. Like how it was, before man tamed the wilds," his friend answered.

Jay liked that notion a lot but scoffed quietly at mankind taming the wilds. There were far too many places that were too rough and harsh to tame. He was thinking that he might just give it a go and head down the trail. There was also the fact that his pace was much faster than that of everyone else in the party. After looking over the map and mulling it over for a few minutes, he made up his mind.

"I'm going to try it. It's supposed to be a much faster trail, with a fair bit of climbing involved. Something that I'd definitely want to try out some more of," Jason enthused as he stowed the park map.

"You sure man? Some people who've gone on it have picked up some strange feelings going down that trail man. Like something was watching them, and they felt that it wasn't friendly," Jack warned.

"Pah! Like some heebie jeebie ghosts have ever stopped me before?" Jay scoffed. 

Jack had to bow his head in acquiescence, as there was very little that could phase or shake Jason up. There were many occasions where Jason did something that everyone else said was either reckless or crazy. Jay simply stated that he at least had the balls to do it and that people should stop hiding in their little shells, like turtles. That they should get out there do crazy shit, as that was the only way to live.

"Well man, good luck on that then. If you get to the camp before we do, would you mind cleaning up and setting up the firepit?" Jack asked him.

"Sure thing man. Hey, anyone think they'd like to join me on this new trail?" he challenged the collection of people that were assembled. Everyone else took one look down the trail and shook their heads vigorously. Shrugging, Jay just readjusted his pack and set himself before walking.

"Suit yourselves folks. I'll see you all up at Teardrop Lake!" he called over his shoulder. He could almost see the lot of them muttering to themselves and shaking their heads. Likely mumbling about how crazy or insane he was. Jay was cool with whatever other people thought. He didn't care one whit what they thought because to him, the only person whose opinion mattered was his own.

It didn't take long before he ran into the area where the trail went over some steep and rocky outcroppings. They weren't too bad, Jay had traversed them before long and was making his way up the mountainside. Another ten minutes saw him into the forest itself and he followed the footpath as it had been laid out in front of him. Due to the amount of vertical movement that he was doing, he was sure that he'd make his way up to the campground at least four to five hours ahead of everyone else.

Jason was really having a good time traversing this new trail and he managed to pick up some snapshots with his new phone. He checked them out after every shot and was pleased with the image quality and the clarity of them. Taking another deep breath, he knew that this is where he wanted to be. Being out in the wild made him feel alive somehow. He couldn't explain it, but there it was.

As he progressed, he noted another fork up in the path ahead of him. He frowned momentarily as he saw the trail and thought that it wasn't on the map. Pulling it out once more, Jason saw that he was right, it wasn't marked on the map. He looked down it and saw that it actually looked more inviting than he initially surmised.

He was so far ahead of everyone else at this moment, that he thought it couldn't hurt to take a quick little walk down it and see where it would lead. Putting away the map once more, Jay started down the new path, eager to see what lay down it. It was a strange thing, seeing this fork here, almost as though it had appeared out of nowhere.

The density of the bush here was more pronounced, almost as though it was placed there to keep intruders out. The path seemed to reveal itself to him, almost as though it was inviting him in. Once he passed the dense foliage, he saw that there was a level of greenery here that was beyond what he thought possible up here. Jay looked at everything that was there and though he was a seasoned woodsman, there were even some plants and trees that he failed to identify.

Everything that he was looking at was beautiful in its own way. There were many wildflowers that dotted the trail and though they appeared to be wilted, they still held an ethereal beauty. Jay thought that if he was here to see these flowers in full bloom, that they would be among the most beautiful, if not the most beautiful ones he'd ever seen. Though the Earth was well explored and charted, there were still a great many places than man had not tread yet. He was glad to be among the first to have come this way.

Suddenly, the hair on his neck rose in warning. Jason learned long ago to trust his body's instincts, as it was usually telling him something that his mind or eyes wasn't seeing. The icy feeling that dripped down his spine was one he knew well. He wasn't alone up here, and he had the distinct feeling that he was being watched.

Looking around carefully, the young man searched the immediate area surrounding him. Initially, he saw nothing out of the ordinary, just various flowers and plants that still pulled at his attention. He searched around a little bit, trying to spot anyone or anything that would look out of place. But he still found nothing, but motes of light dancing on the sunbeams that poked through the canopy.

He was about to give up when he did a double take at one of the sunbeams. In the middle of the beam itself was a mote of light that stood still. On closer inspection, he saw that the mote was quite large, maybe an inch in size, which was odd. As he approached it, he saw that it was a small ball of light, that was just as bright as the sun itself and that it seemed to be pulsing.

As he closed in on it, he heard what sounded like a peep and a squeak. Not even a second later, it took off like a shot, streaking away from Jason. Startled at the action but not dumbfounded, Jay gave chase, hurrying after the flying ball of light. He followed it along the path, hoping that he could catch it and see what exactly it was.

It dipped and turned trying to lose him, but Jason's eyes were as sharp as an eagle, so it wasn't going to evade him that easy. If he hadn't been in such good shape, Jason would have lost it long ago, but he managed to keep pace with the flying light, though just barely. He followed it along the trail for a good fifteen minutes, as it wound further up into the mountainside.

The trail continued to grow wilder and less trodden, almost to the point where it was a newly blazed deer trail, but Jason didn't notice. He was too focused on finding out what the ball of light was. The trail eventually ran into a small and rocky crevasse, almost like a miniature canyon amidst the trees. After reaching the middle of the canyon, it veered sharply to the left and disappeared into the stone wall.

Jason stopped in his tracks and took a quick breath. He looked straight at the wall and thought to himself, his train of thought looking at the situation from a logical perspective. There was no way that that little ball of light or whatever it was had just vanished. It had to be hiding somewhere among the rocky wall. Possibly in one of the various knife-like crevices that dotted the wall.

Steeling himself, Jason started to feel along the wall, seeing if he could spot even a glimmer of light. While doing what he could to keep his hands from getting cut up, he kept searching. He moved to a different section of the wall and suddenly found himself falling forwards and landed flat on his face. Crying out in pain, Jason picked himself up and felt his face hoping that he didn't break his nose. Finding that his nose was intact and feeling no warm wetness, which would have indicated that he was bleeding, the young man stood up.

As his vision cleared, Jason saw that he was in some sort of circular stone chamber. He found himself face to face with a pair of what he seemed to think were tree people of some kind. From what he could sense though, these weren't the friendly type. They almost looked like that old comic book character, Swamp Thing. But the sheer size and demeanor of these two would have made Swamp Thing look like baby Groot. They approached him in almost warning like fashion, as though they were getting ready to throw him out.

As they drew near, they touched him to pick up him up or turn him around. The moment they touched Jason, a strange thing happened. It was like they started to... ripple and change and their faces showed a profound sense of... wonder and... relief. Almost instantly, they backed away and went to a wall of vines that was set at the back of the stone chamber.

They passed their hands over it and the vines began to shift aside and form an archway of some sort. Once it had finished, both of these tree-men stepped to either side of it. Taking up sentry positions, they appeared to be guards of some kind. Bewildered but not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Jason took a few tentative steps towards the opening. He saw that neither creature had flinched, so he took a few more confident steps until he was in the archway.

Beyond it lay a corridor of stone that was being lit by some kind of luminescent moss, which gave enough light to see by. Confident that he wouldn't stumble, Jason walked down the passageway and followed the light at the end of the tunnel. The very rock itself seemed to be breathing, but Jay brushed it off as wind merely making its way through. Once he reached the end of the corridor, Jason was astounded by what lay at the end of it.

In front of him lay a glade of some kind, which was flush with all kinds of plant life and greenery that Jason could only imagine or dream about. Wide eyed and astonished, he took in the entirety of the whole place and pinched himself, thinking it to be some sort of wild dream. When he was still there, standing a gaping like an idiot, he took a few steps into the glade.

Now that he was no longer at the entryway, he could see that everything he had glanced at was not as green as it seemed. There was a healthy mixture of brown amidst the green and growing things. It almost appeared like the glade was fighting to keep the green things within it alive, but was slowly losing. Looking about, he could see that much of what was there was similar in some fashion to what he saw on the wild trail outside.

In the very center of the glade stood some sort of rocky outcropping, like a pillar of some kind, that was overgrown with leaves and vines. As Jay approached it, he noticed the little light that he had chased was resting right in front of the pillar. Though it was dimmer than when he first saw it, he could still see it clearly. Jason knelt to get a better look at it and saw that it was a tiny woman! But that wasn't right! No way could a woman ever be that small! And with a pair of wings no less!

"Is it really possible? After all this time?!?" a tiny voice squeaked in hope. Startled, Jason tumbled backwards onto his ass.

"Did you just..."

"Speak? Yes, I did. All sentient beings can do that you know," the miniature woman said as she took several steps towards him.

"What are you?" Jason asked her. The woman looked a little miffed that she was going to have to explain this to him. The exasperation in her voice was evident in her next sentence.

"What does it look like? I'm a fairy you dolt!"

Laughing out loud, Jason clutched his sides as he couldn't stop himself. Her, a fairy! The guys must have really pulled out all the stops on this one to prank him!

"You know, you actually had me going there for a moment! A fairy? The guys must have paid you a pretty penny to yank my chain like this! You are a very convincing actress though and that outfit you're wearing is well made. Where are the projectors around here?" Jay wondered as he looked around for them.

As he was looking about, the look on the fairy's face was mask of anger. Thinking that she was a fake? An actress?? If he had kept looking at her during that moment, he would have taken back every word that he had said. The light surrounding her began to grow in its intensity, blazing to the point where she looked like a miniature torch. Raising her clenched fists, she flung then flung out her hands towards him, the light extending from her to Jason.

As the light struck him, Jason felt an odd and dizzying sensation, like he had spun around on a chair too many times. Feeling like he was going to puke, he was barely able to keep his breakfast down as he righted himself. Shaking his head clear, Jay stood up and looked at her again and found that all of a sudden, she was human sized. He could see her much more clearly and she was gorgeous, especially with that smile on her face, that almost looked like a smirk.

"Magnus, playtime," she called out. Staring at her quizzically, Jason looked around until he saw where exactly it was that she was staring. A massive wolf spider was walking towards him, its fangs and forelegs jittering excitedly! Stuttering in fear, Jay tripped over his own feet, trying to get away until he realized something. She wasn't big like he was! Somehow, he was small, like he'd been shrunk!

Head whipping towards her, he noticed that the fairy had decided to take flight and was hovering at least several feet above where he could reach her. Or was it inches? Resolving to figure it out after, he looked for something to fight the spider with. Finding a largish stick, he picked it up and tried to set himself into a fighting stance.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you. Drop the stick or he'll see you as a threat and actually try to kill you," her alto voice sounded just above him.

"What?"

"I told Magnus that it's play time, not killing time," she stated simply. "Drop the stick and he won't hurt you."

"Magnus? He? It has a name?" Jason blurted out.

"Of course, he has a name, he's mine. Like what you humans would consider pets in your cities," the fairy said. "Still think that this is a trick set up by your friends, or are you willing to listen now?"
