 Author's note: Sixteen days! Now that's what I call progress on my writing speed since my last story chapter, Project Prometheus Ch. 08 landed! It's been a long road to manage the focus and discipline to keep writing like this and I'm glad to see that it's paying off!

That doesn't mean that I'll stop there though. There's always room to improve both my writing style and the speed at which I write. Hopefully, at the rate I'm going, I will reach my goal of cranking out a new chapter every nine days soon! Now, shall we begin?

*****

Jason was enjoying a himself a pleasant dream when he suddenly came awake. Something had triggered his senses to wake, almost like his body was telling him that he needed to open his eyes now. As his eyelids fluttered open, he saw that his friends had arrived, and that Jack was trying to sneak up on him while he was asleep.

"You know, you lot are going to have to be much quieter than that, if you want to scare me awake," he said out loud, without letting them know he saw them.

"Aw man! How the fuck did you do that? I was sure that you couldn't have heard me!" Jack griped as he stood up straight and walked into the campground, dejected.

"Well, since I spend a lot of time in the great outdoors, I can tell when something sounds off. Good luck on trying to sneak up on me bud. I doubt that even Sam Fisher could get the drop on me," Jay joked. 

Jack continued to grumble as he moved to set up his and his girlfriend's tent. Jason sat up and got out of his hammock, stretching as he stood up. He got a good look at everyone who had decided to come out for the May long weekend. There were about a dozen other people in attendance, most of them were friends of Jack, or Andrea, Jack's girlfriend.

Though they weren't in his immediate circle of friends, he did know everyone there to some extent. The only two who weren't a couple were two women who had shown up as solo campers. The first one he knew in passing, as Amy, but he knew little else about her. He'd seen her a few times, hanging with his ex-girlfriend, Nancy, way back when they were still dating.

The second girl, Jay knew a little bit better, but not by much. Her name was Elizabeth and she was an outed and proud lesbian. He knew her mainly because they'd gone to the same high school years ago but had gone their own separate ways afterwards. He'd heard all kinds of bad rumors about her, most of them absurd, but still unpleasant. She didn't quite look like the so called 'dyke bitch' that a lot of guys had said she was. But Jason supposed that there was some truth to the rumors considering how badly she'd turn down guys asking her out.

As Jason popped his joints here and there, he became distinctly aware of everything that was going on around him. Not just the hustle and bustle of camp being set up, but all the sounds of nature that buzzed around them. He smiled to himself as he figured that the cause was his newfound Druidic power, as it wasn't just the sound he picked up on but the sights and the smells too.

Everything seemed greener, brighter and more fragrant to him, almost like his senses had been asleep and were now awake. He also noted a few other smells coming from his friends and acquaintances, which to him seemed a bit off putting. He hadn't smelled these kinds of things before and wrinkled his nose at the scents.

He smelled the sweat of travel and exercise coming off everyone as they pitched their tents. Jay also smelled... excitement and... eagerness, that seemed to be rolling off them all, especially the guys. Jason supposed that was to be expected, since now everyone was away from all the commotion of city life. He was glad that he wasn't the only one who was happy to be up here.

The campground that they were in right now was a secret of some of the more experienced campers who made their way up here regularly. There was a much larger campground on the other side of the lake, but that tended to be overcrowded with lots of people. Often, they were the loud and obnoxious sort who didn't give a rat's ass about other folks' sense of peace and quiet.

Since this place was secluded and off the beaten path, Jason and his friends opted for this place. Not only was it peaceful and well hidden, the small beach area was located in a sheltered cove. This afforded anyone who camped here, a sense of privacy that was seldom had in this day and age. The only way to get to this place was on foot, and only if you knew how to find it, since boats weren't allowed up here. The moment Jason had mentioned this place to his friends, they were all for heading up here for the weekend.

As Jay was reflecting on this, he noted something out the corner of his eye. Jason swore that he saw some of the ladies in attendance staring at him, almost like they were looking at him for the first time. The moment he turned his head to confirm his suspicions, their heads would snap back. They moved so fast, it was almost like they hadn't been staring in the first place. 

Shaking his head, Jay looked about some before he started to feel the beads of sweat popping out on his forehead. Though they were higher up in the mountains, where the air was cooler, he knew that it was going to be a warm one today and it was just past lunch time. Jason checked himself and saw that some perspiration had come out, soaking his shirt.

Knowing that there was nothing for it, Jay thought it was about time to go for a swim. It was getting toasty out and he thought he'd go cool off in the lake. He walked over to his tent and ducked in, took off his hiking boots and closed it behind himself. Jason quickly doffed his clothes and slid into his emerald green swim trunks, tying them up. He also grabbed one of the two towels he brought with him and stepped back outside, shirtless. As he got outside his tent, he saw that everyone had finished the set up of their own tents and were busy stowing their gear. 

"Hey bud. You going for a swim?" Jack wondered as he finished setting up his sleeping bags with Andrea.

"Yeah. It's getting a bit toasty out here, so I thought I'd go and cool off a little bit," Jason replied.

"You mind waiting up? We're all a bit sweaty too and could go for a dip ourselves."

"Sure. I'll wait over by the pathway down to the beach," Jay stated, and he walked over barefoot, while holding his flip flops and towel.

Leaning against one of the large pines that dotted the area, Jason cast his eyes about, taking in all the sights and smells of this place. Now that he had enhanced senses, he felt that he could truly appreciate places like this more. He always loved being out in nature and now that he was a Druid, he felt a deeper bond than he thought possible with the forest. 

He heard some footsteps approaching and turned his head to see several of the women walking up to him. It wasn't so odd, except for the fact that some of them seemed to be staring at him. He caught the look in their eyes and it was something he'd seen just recently; lust.

"What's with the staring?" Jason asked a bit brusquely as he turned to face them. A couple of the girls turned their heads, faces reddening, while a couple others, including Andrea, kept looking.

"When did you get so buff all of a sudden Jay? Jack said that you'd been hitting the gym a lot lately, but I didn't think you'd be this chiseled, this fast!" she said, while almost tripping on her words. Taking a deep breath in, he replied to the gaggle of ladies in attendance.

"Well, I've also added climbing to my list of exercises. I guess that I never really noticed since I started my regimen all those months ago. It's not like I have an Instagram account you know," he lied convincingly, looking up. No way in hell was he going to tell anyone about what he was. At least, not yet. Until he was absolutely sure that he could trust someone about it. Especially since he had no idea who had put that block on him in the first place.

"Maybe you should get one set up!" Darcy, Andrea's best friend, a leggy blonde, stated lustily. Although she had a good boyfriend in Seamus, Darcy was a shameless flirt. Her boy allowed it, so long as other guys didn't get any ideas. Glancing down once again, he figured that it might be an idea to consider once they were back in civilization.

The guys had finally come out of the tents from changing and were walking over. Wondering what all the commotion was about, they looked at Jason and found themselves as shocked as the girls. They'd all heard that he'd been working out, but they simply accepted it as the result of some serious hard work.

As the motley crew meandered down the pathway, a couple of the girls pestered their guys about the possibility of taking up climbing. When they wondered why, the girls simply looked back at Jay. The guys did too, but with dirty looks on their faces, like he'd gone and done something wrong. Jason gave them all his best bewildered look and simply shrugged, giving every indication that this was on the girls and not him.

Satisfied with the gesture, the guys turned back to the path ahead and kept walking. A few minutes later, they broke through the tree line and walked out onto the sandy beach. It was one of those rare gems that existed in nature that they'd been lucky enough to discover. Since Jason had found this place some years ago, he made sure to keep it a secret and to only share it with those who would do the same.

Though his group of friends were a boisterous lot, they were smart enough to know that private places like this had to stay that way. Should word ever get out, this zone would be flooded with campers looking to take over. Dropping his towel and sandals, Jason then began to charge across the beach, diving into the water. The water was cold but not unpleasantly so. Cold enough to banish the heat, but warm enough where he wouldn't be freezing anytime soon.

"How is it?" Jack called out.

"Get your ass in here and find out for yourself!" Jay hollered back. 

Smirking, Jack and the rest of the people on the beach began to lose their outerwear and wade on in. A few of the girls were inching their way in, slowly acclimatizing themselves to the water's temperature. That idea was quickly dashed when a couple of the guys had the idea to rush on in, splashing the girls as they went. The squeals of the women only seemed to further encourage the guys to keep on splashing and soon, they were being chased by their vengeful girlfriends.

Jason chuckled to himself as he watched the events unfold around him. Having no girlfriend and being single for the last half year had been a bit of a pain in the ass, but he didn't let it stop him from living. He was beginning to enjoy the solitude and the peace of being alone, but there were times that he missed having someone with him.

His ex had left him at her family's behest just before Christmas, which was painful in its own way. Though he'd started to care for Nancy in a way that bordered on love, he managed to get over her quite quickly. Once he found out that she dumped him simply because her father told her to and because her church demanded it, he started to move forward without hesitation. He couldn't stand to be with a woman who was so easily controlled and manipulated, especially since she allowed it.

Taking a few deep breaths, Jay centered himself and focused back on the good time he was having. Standing there in the water, he looked around and took in the beauty of this place, enjoying every second of it. He tried to at least, since the ruckus of play fighting was starting to build up a fair bit. Huffing in good natured irritation, Jason started to swim away from the group, to the other side of the bright cove.

Over on that side was a large cluster of rocks, that led up to a steep cliff, which helped block the cove from most observation. It was there, by that cluster that Jay had found a small inlet, that was shaped in the form of natural under and above water benches, almost like a hot tub. 

The walls of the inlet were also a good ten feet in height, preventing anyone from randomly dropping in on him. He'd found it by accident last year, when he'd been here with an older group of campers and their families. They all knew about it and it was the prefect place to go and get some peace and quiet.

He swam on into it, the opening into it being little more than two meters in width. As he crossed over into the inlet, he put his feet down and stood, the water coming only to his waist here. Sloshing forward, he sat on the underwater bench, his legs just barely submerged and propped his arms up on the rock formation. He breathed in and out, letting the clean air fill his lungs as he closed his eyes and enjoyed the feel of the water.

Jason could sense a great many things through his newfound power. He could feel the fish swimming in the water nearby, always searching for food. Bees buzzing through the air, going from flower to flower, drinking the nectar from them. Birds chirping high in the trees, calling out to their friends and mates. He unconsciously reached out with his power, seeking to feel the tranquility of this place.

He didn't know how long he was doing this for, but it couldn't have been long as he sensed something else approaching. Jay heard chattering before he saw them arrive and by the sound of it, it was two women. Snapping his eyes open, he looked down the inlet and saw that the intruders were none other than Elizabeth and Amy.

Though Amy was of the same church that Nancy was a part of, she certainly didn't look the part of a proper church girl. She stood at about five foot eight, with brown hair cut in a short bob style and brown eyes. Though she was a third generation Canadian, he thought he could pick out some Greek features in her face. She was quite pretty with the large, expressive eyes and a snub nose.

Her body was equally as attractive, as her tits appeared to be a large C-cup, bordering on a D. Amy's ass was also well formed, considering its size, with her hips at around forty-eight inches around. She was lean in all the right places and had what could only be described as a dancer's physique. Her legs and arms were toned and strong, but not overly so. Her skin had a slight sun kissed look to it, like she didn't get out in the sun as much as she'd have liked.

All of this was encased in a sapphire blue, Brazilian style bikini that he was sure most church girls wouldn't be caught dead owning, much less wearing. He couldn't help but gawp at her as she neared the entry point but was similarly entranced by Elizabeth. Though she was more sturdily built next to Amy, that didn't detract from her looks. In fact, it made her stand out all that much more.

She was the same height as Amy was, but her skin seemed to be more of a light cream color, which went well with her sandy blonde hair and ice blue eyes. Her facial features looked to those of classic Romani bloodlines, which some people would call 'gypsies'. She was much bustier than Amy though, her tits sitting at an EE cup, easily. Though she wasn't quite as hippy as Amy was, sitting at about forty inches around, Liz's ass was still in pretty damn good shape. The black, simple one-piece suit that she wore certainly didn't do her figure any justice.

Jason thought it was a shame that she was a lesbian because he was sure that there were many men who would have wanted her. But he wasn't one to begrudge someone's life choices, as everyone's life was their own to decide. They were sitting by the edge of the inlet, seeming a bit hesitant about going in. The women hadn't noticed him quite yet, but mainly because he'd been both quiet and unmoving.

The two of them were deep in conversation and Liz seemed like she was hitting on Amy. Either Amy hadn't noticed it or chose to simply ignore her, as they continued their conversation. They were busy talking about all sorts of topics, ranging from clothes to people they knew and dated. As the topic heated up to more personal things, prompted by Liz, he could tell that Amy was getting a bit uncomfortable and broke in on the talk.

"You know, if the two of you want to come on in here, there's plenty room for the both of you," he said out loud, causing both women to yelp in surprise. Jay chuckled aloud at the cease of their chattering and how he'd caused both women to jump in shock. He had certainly caught their attention and was glad to see that although shocked, Amy was a bit more relaxed.

"What are you doing here?" Elizabeth asked, her voice conveying that she was not impressed with him.

"What does it look like I'm doing? I'm laying down here relaxing and enjoying nature. Had the same idea, did you?"

"I thought that no one knew about this place but me," she growled.

"Well, that's the thing. Those who have been to this particular campground before, know that this little spot is here. It's really a nice place to relax. As I said just now, there's plenty of room for the both of you if you want to come on in," Jay responded, inviting them both in.

"You know, I think that I'm just going to swim around some more," Amy got out hurriedly. She turned quickly and glided out into the cove, heading back to where the couples were busy at play. Liz turned to try to convince her to stay but Amy was already too far away for her to be able to hear. Fuming, Elizabeth crossed into the inlet and stood to face down Jason.

"You know, she might have stuck around if you hadn't been here," she railed.

"Actually, she was looking a bit uncomfortable at the prodding and questioning that you were throwing at her. Someone had to jump in and say something before you made a total ass of yourself," Jay retorted.

"What?"

"Yeah! You didn't notice how apprehensive she was at the topics that you were going into? You'd clearly crossed a few lines before she was ready to talk about them. You should have backed off and let her bring up the topic before going on about it," he shot at her.

"Oh, big man giving a woman advice on dating! Well, let me tell you something about dating asshole..." at that point, Jason simply tuned her out. He'd heard tirades like this before, but oddly enough, he could sense something was off about Elizabeth. Unknown to his conscious mind, he was still reaching out with his Druidic power and was tuning into Liz's mind and what she was feeling.

Jay could sense that she was frustrated, both mentally and sexually. He picked up the feeling that she hadn't been laid in months and was starting to get desperate for some kind of release. Something that didn't involve her using her hands or any toys she might have owned. Acting on his power and pure instinct, Jason stood up, drew Liz into him and kissed her.

He caught her while she was trying to speak to him and her mouth was open, her tongue pressing against his lips at the motion. Shock rippled through the woman as she stood there, too stunned to speak. Smirking to himself, Jay wasted no time and grabbed Liz, plonking her down on the bench above water. He then dove in between her legs, shifting aside the fabric that protected her womanhood from the elements.

It was that motion that jolted Liz out of her stupor and she started to protest Jason's manhandling of her. She tried to get her hands on his slick scalp, but she couldn't find a grip at that angle. Maybe two minutes of trying, her fury began to weaken as her desire started to build. She could feel herself warming up in a most delicious way as Jason was licking her outer and inner lips.

He alternated back and forth, seeking to draw on orgasm out of the woman, not stopping. It didn't take long before the pushing with her hands changed into her pulling his head into her quim. Liz's breath quickened, as did her pulse, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Despite the unusual and brash circumstance that she found herself in, she was quickly getting turned on and rising to the peak of orgasm. Whatever Jay was doing was with his tongue was getting her temperature to rise fast.
