 Author's note: I apologize for the time it took for me to get this one cranked out! Being the season for back to school, meeting the teacher, and all other sorts of familial mayhem that ensues around this time of year, I was swamped! Thankfully, I have finally finished this story, despite the atrocious amount of time it took me to do so. 

I know five weeks is an eternity for you guys who have been waiting with anticipation for this chapter to show up. I promise you though; it is well worth the wait! Lots of sex and more answers in this chapter! Now, shall we begin? 

Phalmina woke up as the early morning light filtered through the canopy of the glade. Blinking her eyes, she sat up and yawned cutely, glancing around and finding Emalia lying right next to her. Mina smiled as she remembered last night's sexual romp she had with her best friend. She could hardly believe everything she did and demanded last night. 

Sighing happily, Mina stood up and stretched her limbs and wings, a mild soreness shooting through them. After flapping her wings a little, she flitted on over to the pool near the center of the glade. Kneeling by the pool, she cupped her hands together and slaked her thirst with its water. Sleeping after a serious romp had always made her thirsty and after last night, she felt she could have drunk the whole pool. 

As Phalmina was drinking, she chanced a look about the glade and saw that the vegetation was brighter and more vibrant. Most of the brown was gone, with just a few wilted plants here and there, but there was a healthy dose of green on said plants as well. She focused on several of them and saw they were practically teeming with Gaia's magic. 

Astonished at this development, Mina finished drinking, then bolted out of the glade, zipping right past the guardians. She flew a good way before stopping to confirm her suspicions. The forest outside of the glade was also charged with Gaia's energies, the very trees themselves growing like they should in late spring! To her, it was obvious that Jason had been making use of his power again, but she was stumped in what way he was doing so. 

Then, Mina remembered that human woman he was eating out the day before and the green-eyed monster of envy descended on her again. I suppose that I shouldn't be surprised, Mina thought to herself in a huff. With his new power and looks, it was only a matter of time before one of those human sluts decided to jump him! Although... 

The fairy's thoughts went back to Emalia and the fun they had. Then, a plan of seduction entered her mind, on how to bring Jay into wanting them more than he would want other humans. Smirking evilly, Mina raced back to the glade, looking to have a word with Ema. 

As she approached the entryway, the guardians saw her coming and nodded to her as she passed. Mina winked at them as she flew on by and down the corridor. Once she emerged in the glade, she made a beeline for where Emalia was still sleeping. Only she wasn't there, and the blonde fairy was left wondering where her bestie had gotten to. Seconds later, she found out as the tinkling of fairy wings was her only warning. 

The wind was suddenly knocked out of her as Mina was tackled and driven down to the soft grass next to the pool. She tried to squirm out, but the grip on her midsection was just too tight. She squawked as she crashed into the soft blades, landing on her back. Phalmina then looked up and saw she had been attacked by none other than Ema, who was looking at her in a peculiar way, before she burst out laughing. 

"You should have seen your face!" Ema chortled, her laughter ringing out loudly. "It was priceless!" 

"I keep forgetting you're quite the trickster," Mina huffed, trying to sound annoyed but failing as she giggled slightly. "Good catch that time though," she said, patting Ema's thigh before picking herself up. Right then, Emalia placed her hands on Mina's shoulders and pushed her back down to the ground. Though she was about to ask what was going on, Phalmina closed her mouth as Ema straddled her. The look on her face changed from that of laughter, to desire. 

"Last night was..." the ebon-haired fairy growled ferally as she remembered. Looking down at Mina, she leaned down to where their breasts were squashed together. Nose to nose, Ema continued. "Being asleep like that put me to where I was reliving every good time and moment in my long life. But now that I'm awake, I find them... insufficient. I need to start making new memories." 

With that, Ema's mouth descended on Mina's, locking her into a tonsil knocking kiss. Pleasantly shocked at this development, she kissed Ema back, her tongue shooting out to caress the one invading her mouth. The kiss deepened further as Emalia continued to delve further with her kiss, almost like she was trying to draw her very breath out. Mina sat up, her mouth still attached to Ema's as they continued to kiss, wrapping her arms around her friend. 

Quickly withdrawing her right arm, Phalmina then used her free hand to flick at Emalia's dress of blue leaves. The slight motion sent the leaves flying right off Ema's body and within moments, she was naked as the day she was born. The sudden movement and cool air hitting her exposed flesh surprised the newly awakened fairy to where she broke the kiss. She was about to ask what that was about, when Mina's head dove right into her generous cleavage, her mouth latching onto one of her nipples. 

The question died as she moaned in surprise and delight as her friend sucked and played with her hefty rack. Ema grabbed her friend's head and pulled it into her chest, purring at the sensations that were coursing through her. Mina was very thorough, not letting a single inch of Ema's tits go untouched by her tongue. She could feel a familiar feeling rise through her loins and with Phalmina doing what she was, she'd be reaching her peak soon. 

Again, Ema pushed Mina to her back again and before her friend could get up, she had straddled her once more, but over her midsection this time. With a similar flick, she sent Phalmina's dress scattering across the glade as hers had. She grabbed and squeezed the blonde's ample mounds before leaning down to kiss her briefly. 

"What you had me do to you last night..." Emalia smiled at the memory and groaned in lust. Her eyes twinkled as the fire in them deepened. "I think that it's time you returned the favor, don't you?" 

Without another word, Ema scooted to where her pussy was hovering just over Mina's mouth. Needing no instruction, she dove right into Ema's waiting quim. Slightly wet from the attention she received from Phalmina playing with her tits, it didn't take long for her juices to start flowing. Mina's tongue flicked and darted around Emalia's puffed up lips, teasing and playing with her, trying to draw out this pleasure game for as long as possible. 

Ema's chin quivered with each breath she took in, the pleasure sending pleasant and delicious vibrations throughout her body. Her eyes shot open as she felt Phalmina's hands on her ass, pulling her hips closer to her mouth. Slowly, so as not to crush or smother her, Emalia knelt right over her friend's head. Right then, she felt Mina's tongue dart between her folds, lapping up the juices that leaked from her steaming hole. 

Cooing loudly, Emalia could feel an orgasm rising, the slight feeling in her nethers blooming to a full on blast. She could feel herself losing focus and control as she ground her pussy down on her friend's face. Mina took everything that Ema had to give and answered back with her own actions. Her grip on Ema's ass tightened as she continued to lick the slick folds lining her entrance, before coming to the pearl of her clit. 

Mina then put her mouth over it and sucked hard. The sudden movement sent Emalia over the edge and she would have screamed, but for the shuddering jolt that vibrated through her. Eyes rolling to the back of her head, Ema quivered violently before toppling forwards to the ground. She was coherent enough to catch herself with her arms as she collapsed. 

With her friend above her head now, Mina picked herself up and then helped Ema to her back. Writhing in total bliss, Emalia couldn't help but feel utterly satiated in that moment. Her chest heaved with the strain of taking fresh air into her lungs, but it was a fight she'd welcomed. In all the memories she'd revisited during her Long Sleep, none of them had been this intense. Or as much fun! She looked around to try to find Phalmina but felt her before she saw her. 

"What are you doing?" she asked breathlessly, looking down at her friend lapping her juicy pussy gently. 

"Giving you what you gave me last night, with interest!" Mina said with a wink. With that, she rubbed Ema's legs up and down as she continued to clean her. 

"Keep that up and I may decide to let you stay down there!" Ema teased, knowing full well just how kinky Mina could be when she got riled up. 

"Not with our new Druid so close by. I'm sure you'd like to experience him for yourself when he comes back, wouldn't you?" 

Emalia eyes widened in surprise as she remembered that she didn't have to settle for just fairy pussy anymore! Now there was access to proper cock, which belonged to a Druid no less! She reminisced about some of the times that she would seduce and fuck the living daylights out of every one of them she could find. From the lowest of initiates to the greatest of the Elders, Ema was both relentless and insatiable. 

"You'd like that, wouldn't you? Him stuffing his big human dick into your tight little fairy pussy, stretching you out like the wanton fairy whore you are?" Phalmina questioned her lustily. 

Eyes rolling at the jolts of pleasure rolling through her, she then felt Mina's fingers invading her slick channel. Ema's eyes widened to the point where she felt they would roll right out of her head. She could feel at least two of her friend's digits wiggling around inside of her. They would slide in, curl and shift about before pulling out and Mina repeated this action ceaselessly. 

"Threeeeeeee..." she moaned out loud. 

"What's that? I'm not sure I heard you," Phalmina said. 

"Put three... fingers... inside me... pleeeeeaaaassssssseeeeeee!" Emalia begged. 

Smiling evilly, Mina did as she was asked and slowly added her ring finger to the middle and forefingers that were thrusting in and out of her friend. It was a tight fit, as it had been centuries since Ema was awake and a bit longer still since she'd had sex. There was enough lubrication, so it slid in easily enough. 

Mina continued to move her fingers in and out, drawing more gasps, moans and shivers out of Ema. With each movement, Emalia drew closer and closer to another orgasm, which she could feel building. It was hovering just out of reach, as Mina's fingers were tapping and writhing around her insides, building the intensity higher and higher. 

Phalmina went back to licking Ema, her mouth sucking hard on her friend's exposed bits. Emalia thrashed around as though she was hit with a lightning bolt, each lick and suck ramping up her lust and desire further. Feeling like she was going to burst, Ema teetered right on the brink, before Mina sent her over, tapping her exposed love button with her tongue. 

Her orgasm crashed through her, threatening to wash away all that she was in a tidal wave of pleasure. This time though, Ema howled like a wounded animal, screaming at the top of her lungs, her voice breaking with each cry. Though she was prepared this time, the feeling of it still overwhelmed her as she plopped back down on her back. Her breasts jiggled as her lungs sucked in each breath of sweet air, feeding her recovery. 

Seeing that her friend was still trembling with the aftershocks of her orgasm, Mina slid up to Ema, interlocking their legs. Slowly, she drew nearer, shifting her hips and pelvis until their asses touched. Emalia's head shot up in an instant, staring incredulously at Mina and what she was doing. 

"Mina, what are you..." her last words drawled into an indecipherable moan as she felt her friend's pussy bump up against hers. 

"What I'm doing is getting some for myself," she panted as she rubbed her own dripping slit on Ema's. She groaned in relief as she could feel every nerve in her own quim firing off, sending little jolts of lightning up her body as well. She would have continued but for Emalia waving her hands for her to stop. 

"I just... need a minute," the dark-haired fairy said breathily. Mina gave her that and backed off for a few moments. As Ema propped herself up on her elbows, she smiled lazily and sighed. It had been too long since the two of them had been together in any regard and Emalia had forgotten just how crazy and relentless Mina could be. 

"Is this a good start to making new memories?" Phalmina teased, while running her tongue on the edge of her teeth. Giggling, Ema sat up enough to grab onto Mina and draw her in for a kiss. Returning the gesture in kind, Mina rubbed her hands up and down Ema's body, taking care to caress and fondle Ema's wings as Jay had done to her. 

"The best way! You know, you aren't as shy as you used to be. I remember you being a lot more reserved than this," Emalia stated as she broke the kiss, giving her lover a coy smile. 

"A few centuries alone and watching both animals and people in this forest have... loosened up my inhibitions. Plus, there's something I need to tell you about our new Druid. But first..." with that, Mina once again pushed her aching pussy onto Ema's and they both moaned at the contact. 

Wrapping their arms around each other, they humped against each other, their legs working to grind their pussies together. No words were exchanged at this moment and none were needed, as this was something that was sacred to both women. They stared into each other's eyes as they groaned, moaned and panted with exertion. 

Both of them lost track of how long they were doing this, a moment, a minute, an hour, it didn't matter. Their slippery pussies rubbed and kissed each other as they kept shifting and moving, both of them seeking release. It happened almost as suddenly as they felt the first rising within themselves. They both shook like rattled leaves and cried out in ecstasy, their orgasms rippling through them like warm waves. 

Both fairies collapsed to the ground and nearly passed out from exhaustion. They clung to consciousness, though just barely. The women just lay there, enjoying themselves and the afterglow of sex that flowed through them at that moment. Emalia couldn't remember the last time she had been well and truly satisfied in this way. 

Many old memories played through her head, of encounters she'd had with other fairies and many of the Druids. Most of the encounters were pleasing in many ways but some of them, she shivered in revulsion at. Though she had managed some pleasure out her encounters with Druids, many of them left her feeling hollow and used. A troubling thought did cross her mind at that moment, which she gave voice to. 

"He's not one of those who just takes what he wants, is he? I don't fancy being used as a glorified cum depository." 

"Oh, don't you worry yourself about any of that," Mina giggled as she flopped over to her belly, before getting on her hands and knees. "He takes the time to makes sure that his partner is well and truly satiated." 

"How do you know this?" Emalia wondered. Phalmina simply smiled and stood up, taking a moment to center herself before walking over to the pool. 

"Mina! Tell me how you know!" Ema demanded as she stood and followed her friend to the pool. Though she debated teasing her friend some more, she decided that she shouldn't be overly cruel and told her. 

"His power was still asleep when he found his way to the glade," Mina explained as she slipped into the chilly water, its coolness quenching the heat within her. "So, I had to do the ritual in order to Awaken his abilities." 

"You didn't?!?!" 

"I did," Mina admitted almost sheepishly. 

"You performed an Awakening ritual on a slumbering Druid?!? I am surprised that he survived the process!" Emalia admitted with a slight sense of wonder. 

"I did pay attention to all the various rituals and what needed to be done for them to succeed!" Phalmina said, defending her actions. 

"Yes, but you never performed it until now. You could have killed him and then you'd have had to join the rest of us in the Final Sleep," Ema said worriedly. The thought of dying did not appeal to them but dying in Gaia's embrace was far better than how some fairies had chosen to die. 

"I know that," Mina sighed resignedly, "but it was a risk I was willing to take. I didn't want to join you all without at least taking one last chance." 

"Well, regardless of the risk, I am glad it worked. Maybe now with him and the two of us, we can go about other methods of Awakening that are less hazardous to the health of future Druids," Ema admonished her. 

"So, I guess that you don't want to hear what the sex was like with him?" Mina said coyly. Ema slipped into the pond with her and washed herself as Mina had started to do. 

"Well? How was he?" Emalia asked, her interest in the newest Druid, piqued. Phalmina laughed gaily, and she recounted the story of hers and Jason's encounter and how everything played out. Though she was already well and thoroughly fucked from what they just got up to, Ema could feel herself getting aroused once more at Mina's story. 

"So, he can't reach climax until you do? At least twice?" Ema asked, flabbergasted that such a man existed. 

"Yup. That and he REALLY knows how to look after a woman," Mina purred, the memory of what happened between them as clear as though it had just happened. 

"And you said that he'll be back here before the 'weekend' is over?" 

"I did. You interested in helping me seduce our new Druid?" Phalmina asked seductively. 

"Absolutely! What do we do and how do we start?" Emalia asked excitedly. Laughing in delight, Mina swam over to her friend and they washed each other up. They then discussed the details of how they would do everything they could, to draw him into their web. 

****************************** 

Jason yawned as he blinked at the soft sunlight that was streaming into the tent he lay in. For a second, he forgot who he was and where he was. But then, memories began to flood back to him. He remembered last night and everything that happened after he had seen Amy take off. Almost as a reminder, the woman next to him stirred briefly, before finding a comfortable position and settled. 

Jay could see that he'd certainly done a number to Amy's senses, as she didn't even move or flinch as he let himself out of her tent. It couldn't have been much past seven AM in the morning, but it was a beautiful day out. Jason was glad that the weather was panning out this weekend. He took a deep breath and enjoyed the smells that surrounded him. 

He stepped over to the fire pit and saw that there were still some embers left from the fire. He was glad that he put those logs on last night, as they burned down to almost nothing. Grabbing some kindling, he set it amongst the embers and stirred them up, setting the sticks aflame. Once they'd caught nicely, Jason grabbed a couple of smallish logs that Jack had chopped and lay them on top of the kindling, so they'd catch. 

Walking over to his tent, Jay fished his coffee pot out of his backpack, and a small Ziploc bag full of coffee. Grabbing his gravity water filter that was sitting in his pack, Jay took a quick jaunt down to the lake to fill the bladder. It didn't take him very long, maybe a ten minute trip there and back. Once he was back, he opened the nozzle, and the filtered water poured into the coffee pot. 
