 I know what you're thinking; Gaius, why not take the whole vampire back to Oswin for the reward, hell why not just the head? In truth I was thinking that myself as I pulled myself from the filth pit I had tumbled into. I suppose the answer was that a fang is easy to conceal, you aren't going to take one from a live vampire, and I guess the way I left the vampire was just too damn funny. 

Hells, I just thought taking the damn fang would save me the headache of dragging a stinking corpse through the woods or having to explain to a bunch of simpleton townsfolk why they had never noticed that their Thane liked blood so much. I was wrong, very wrong. I lost the fang.

I must have sifted through a mountain of feted mud looking for that tooth. The only light was filtering through cloud and tree to pierce the hole in which Igred and I had fallen. I was certain that it must have been near me, but with the rain water sloshing in from the lip of the cavern above, everything kept shifting and was having a damnable time of it.

Igred was beginning to stir now, waking in a fresh layer of mud next to me. Her sodden cloak pulled from her neck, sticking into the slop beneath her. Her green skin, now a dark, slick brown. Only blots of her minty hued flesh were visible, less so because of the fading light from above. She seemed in one piece, and I was thankful for that at the very least.

"Where have we fallen?" Asked Igred, who nursed a sore spot on her back. The way she arched pushed her breasts out, and for the briefest of moments, I forgot about the fang.

"Devil if I know," I muttered in response, "how well can your witchly eyes see into the dark? I've lost the Thane's tooth." I hoped that my reddening face was masked by the same caking of mud that disguised Igred's hue.

"I am neither lycan nor vampire," she began breathless with exasperation, "but I may be able to assist you in finding it." She made to help me, stooping over and sliding her hands through the muck. Our search was halted by a hideous shriek. 

"Goblins." I was saying it aloud to inform her more than anything, in hopes of hastening her reaction time by stemming her curiosity and the myriad of questions she was about to ask me. It worked, and she stood, I leapt to my feet afterward, and with great remorse we left the tooth behind.

There was no point in pittering around where we were, there was no way back out of the hole we had fallen into, instead we groped our way opposite the direction of the shrieking. It was a hell of a thing, trying to plop through the mud blindly, and more than once we fell, slipped, or sank. It was a slow, agonizing retreat. The smell of whatever putrid mud we had the misfortune of being coated in clung heavily to my nostrils.

"Where are we to go?" Asked Igred, her hand upon my belt to keep us from separating.

"Fuck if I know," I chortled in reply, "away from the goblins!" I hated goblins, little creatures with big ears and pot bellies they were, pale and lanky of limb, with sharp little teeth, keen eyes, and bad attitudes. Usually they stayed below ground, hiding themselves from any daylight or men. If you were unlucky and stumbled upon them at night, well, your body would be found eventually... stripped clean of anything valuable.

As luck would have it, not our luck of course but the goblin's luck, the ground took a sudden and steep turn. Aided by the churning mud beneath us, we slipped and slid down the tunnel. Naturally we both screamed, which as one can imagine was quite stupid to do. After a rather long interval of this, I found my legs and ass lacking for solid ground beneath them. We were free falling now, but thankfully that was a short fall. Had it been nearly as long as the slide, well, I'd most likely be a pulpier man today.

I can't say for Igred, but I woke up in a chamber some time later. It was cramped, for a grown human, and crudely built. There were bars of wood, lashed together with coarse twine. If I had been alone, I'd have kicked down the door and fought my way free. I had Igred with to worry about, though. I called for her, but there came no response. Well, none from her at least.

"Mans up now. Mans comes with us." Squawked one of the pair of goblins that guarded my cage. His pointed face pivoting to look at me, then at his friend and back to me. The door opened, and I fought my initial reaction to punt the little wretch. I played nice and clambered my way out of the space. The cavern beyond was only 

sparsely lit with torches. It was enough to see a sort of catwalk system had been constructed to get to and fro in the cavern. I was debating that punt now, I could easily kick the little urchin over the railing behind him and send him tumbling and screeching into the abyss beyond.

"Where are you taking this mans?" I asked cynically. I sized the monsters up, neither was particularly intimidating or well-armed. I deemed that it was safe for me to follow them for now, at least until I had retrieved Igred.

"Mans see den mother." The second goblin peeped. 

"Lead on then, kind fellow." They looked at one another, then took me on a tour of their cave. The rudimentary walk ways creaked with every step. I wondered if their dry rotted planks would hold my weight as I passed over them, but not a one broke. We entered a tunnel of hewn stone after we crossed. Rough and hastily carved, it ramped upward and in the dim light I could make out what looked like a door way up above. There wasn't much use in pondering what lay beyond, I'd find out in a few seconds. 

Now, this wasn't the first time that I had been stuck in a cave, just the first with goblins. It reminded me of the time my second year as a hunter when I chased down a minotaur into a cave like this. He was a worthy beast. Covered in layers of bone splintering muscle and armor over that. A good two heads taller than myself and with horns like lances. It had been a three day, maybe longer, ordeal inside that cavern. I tracked him, he tracked me, we'd spar, one of us would retreat. I eventually emerged victorious, you spend so much time worrying about a minotaur's upper body that you never look at the spindly legs they walk on, my last good arrow got him in that ankle and he dropped. I cleaved his head off and spent the reward on whores and liquor. Good time it was.

I wondered how this time would turn out, I'd never seen a goblin's den mother before. Heard stories though, they were vicious and feral. Some said that they bred with other creatures to strengthen their brood. By the look of these little guys next to me, the den mother must have had a shallow pool to draw from. 

The chamber that I was ushered into was lit brightly, well brighter, but it was still dim. There was a horde of goblins in the chamber, clacking and shrieking to one another as I was brought in to see their den mother. Ahead of me was a sort of carriage with tattered curtains drawn over make shift windows. One of the goblins nearby clutched at a handle and pried open the carriage door. Out emerged the den mother, and with her a wave of silence from her brood. She made her way over to me, and I must say, I was taken aback.

She was only chest high to me, built of thicker stock than her horde. Her curves seemed to suit her more, and she lacked the lanky, disproportionate quality of her kin. She wore only a simple robe, probably pilfered from an unlucky traveler, and It had been haphazardly tailored to fit her frame. 

"Mans will be brood father." She explained, or ordered, its hard to tell with goblins, but the point was clear, "mans take off clodes."

"Uh," I stammered, I knew she wanted me to get naked, and typically I am all for it, "fine." I steeled myself and removed my garments. I have yet to feel as vulnerable as I did in that cave that day, with all those little eyes glaring at me. The den mother removed her robe next, and her stalky frame came fully into my view. I am not opposed to a woman of a more plump physique, and hers fit her well.

Her belly was firm, and not as full as the ones her brood had, her breasts were large and sat heavily upon her chest. Her pale flesh freckled on the shoulders and down her sides, she looked rather appealing, actually. She had thick thighs and a round, full bottom. Her face was much rounder than her goblins as well, still elongated in the nose and chin, but not sharply tipped. White hair, cut in an archaic pixie style framed her cheeks and accentuated her pink eyes. Her lips drew back into a smile, and to my relief she had a full set of normal teeth.

She seemed to be pleased that I wasn't completely repulsed by her, and for a moment I wasn't sure how she knew. Then I looked down and saw my engorged cock, stiffened with approval. I gave her a half smile, and thought, what the hells, I'll give her a quick poke. 

She strutted to me, her eyes never leaving mine, but her hand curled around my staff instinctively. She purred up at me, jacking my cock with her delicate touch. It was a brief touch, which ended as suddenly as it began. She withdrew her hand and turned, presenting her plump ass to me. I gave it a playful whack. She yelped, but enjoyed it. She wiggled her cheeks at me and I them another tap before she sank onto her hands and knees in front of me.

I sank too, lining myself up behind her spread sex. Her puffy lips glistened in the torch light and I gave into my curious passion and pressed the head of my cock within. I have to say, for someone called "den mother", her love was admirably tight. I pushed myself farther into her, and she grunted. There came a cheer from the watching crowd, they seemed to enjoy watching their den mother in her mounted state. Some even pulled their stubby goblin peckers from their loin cloths and began jacking off furiously. I tried not to pay them too much attention, as it was a little comical to see.

I focused on the den mother, she was clutching at the ground, growling as I sank my meat to the hilt within her. My hands found their way to her rear and I held onto her ass while I pulled back out. I plunged back into her, using her rump for leverage. She gave another grunt of pleasure and I found my pace afterward.

I plowed her, to put it bluntly. I had no reason to wow this goblin with my lover's techniques, and she was content with the rough thrusting that I gave. She yelped loudly and near constantly as I pummeled her dripping cunt. 

My balls slapped at her clit with every thrust and the pale flesh of her ass was reddening from my clutching, smacking hands. She was rocking hard against my cock now, my rod filling her pulsing snatch as she came around it. Her body twitched and she shrieked in the agonies of pleasure as her body collapses. Her face sank into the dust, her body was mine to take now and I rallied my hips into a furious pace. Her open mouth caught in a silent scream of joy.

My hands slid up to her spotted shoulders, I used them as a new form of leverage, taking her whole body and slamming it down upon my rod. Every thrust threatened to be the one that ended me, but I preserved myself a while longer, letting a thick load build up within my swollen sack. I went on a few minutes more, it was when she looked back at me and purred, "Give me your seed," that I lost it.

I spilled myself inside of her with one last impaling thrust. I held her down on my cock until I was done pouring my load into her wanton, goblin pussy. This time I grunted and yelled. A chorus of cheering goblins applauded the fervent and presumably successful breeding of their den mother. When I was fully drained and my cock half receded, I fell back onto my ass. I was winded, it had been a while since I had fucked a woman that roughly, must have been that dragon slayer from Eldwin half a year back. What was her name, again? Anyway that was a rough dicking.

Since I had helped to breed the next batch of goblins, something that seemed contradictory to my job as a monster hunter, I was deemed their ally. I was given the freedom to come and go from their realm now as well as to have Igred back. Well, almost. 

"What do you mean you gave her way?" I snapped at the den mother, our honey moon already over.

"She is given as offering to Bourg." She said back to me, I learned that her name was Mil, afterward, and as Mil explained, Bourg was the name of a troll that lived at the mouth of their cave system. He was given offerings to appease him and keep him from slaughtering the goblins. So you can imagine what I had to do next...