 When Tecor woke, Esric was already gone. She looked around the empty room and blinked a few times to get used to the sunlight flirting in through the window. She yawned and stretched her sleepy muscles, then sighed and slid out of the bed. As soon as she set, her foot on the floor pain shot through her and was forced to remember the night's events. 

Tecor winced in pain and let out a loud audible sigh.  Why on earth would he want me to stay? Why would he even ask? He is a Prince he should just take, yet he does not. He should force me to stay and be with him, yet he is kind and does not. Maybe I should stop thinking about a stereotypical Prince. Not all Princes' are bastards who take what they want without question, She thought to herself as she moved to the bathroom. 

A bath was already drawn for her and there was a note on the sink. 

 Tecor,

I did not have the heart to wake you, when I woke this morning to attend the breakfast I promised my friend. I have had clothes brought to you, and a bath drawn. I shall meet you in the garden at noon for a small lunch. Breakfast is on a tray in the other room

Yours truly,

Esric

P.S. I drew a map to the garden on the back since you do not know your way around the fortress just yet. 

Tecor smiled softly at the note, stripped off her clothes, and slipped into the warm bath. She let out a happy sigh and relaxed. 

***

Esric woke just as the sun was coming up. He yawned and stretched until he felt something next to him. He then remembered that Tecor was sleeping next to him. He quietly slid out of the bed and looked down at her sleeping form. She looked so peaceful in his eyes. 

Her small lithe body lay curled on its side. Her long black hair thrown gently over her face only added to her exotic beauty. He was tempted to reach out and touch her but resisted. He did not wish to wake her.

He settled for putting the blanket back over her body. He then quickly dressed and walked out of the room. 

His mind was still on Tecor when he entered the dinning room. His desire was growing and he did not know how much more patient he could be. Breakfast was laid out on the table. 

Malik was already there eating. He saw Esric and smiled at him. "Have fun last night?" he teased with a smile. 

Esric felt heat rush to his face. 

Malik smiled then looked down to his friend's growing bulge. "More than a good time." he said with a wicked smile. 

"Oh, by the maker!" Esric said moving to the table to hide his growing desire. He rubbed his face and looked at his friend who was holding in a laugh. "You shut up!" he said with a growl.

This only made Malik burst into a loud laugh. 

Esric groaned and put his face in his hands. "It's not funny," he said in a muffled voice.

"Oh yes it is! Esric the man who has never had a woman never even looked at one is in love with one that he can never have!" he said in a loud laugh.

Esric sighed and put his head on the table. "The sad part is you are right...and all because of that stupid curse," he said with a growl. 

Malik stopped laughing and looked at his friend with concern.

Only Esric's close friends knew about the curse he suffered. Esric was born as the second of four brothers. He did not have the privileges of his older brother and he was never spoiled like his younger two brothers. That was the true reason why he was so patient with Tecor. He always had to be patient with people. Yet ever since that night, he was even more patient.

He was a young man of sixteen, on the road to his father's castle in the south. His group came upon a band of gypsies, and Esric's eyes fell upon the dancer. She was more beautiful then anything Esric had ever seen. The ways she moved only made her more so. 

That night he tried to force her to lay with him, but she got the better of him, and he ended up on his back. He had never seen someone so angry before in his life.

"I curse you to fall in love with someone who will never want you. I curse you until the raven comes to you and forgives you." 

Since then Esric had never touched another woman. However, Tecor stirred up so many things in him. 

"I do not know that I love her Malik, but I want her," 

"So just take her!"

"Oh yes because that went so well with the last gypsy," Esric said with a roll of his eyes. 

Malik shrugged. "You just got the raw end of that deal, my good friend." 

"Thank you for pointing that out." he said with a sigh. 

"Do not worry my friend it will pass when she leaves." 

"I do not wish her to leave."

Malik raised his eye brows at that. "Truly?"

Esric nodded his head. 

"You like her, don't you?"

He nodded again. 

"I think you, my friend, are in love," Malik said with a smile. 

"Just great," Esric said as he hit his head on the table again. 

"You cannot control love. Many have tried, and they all have failed,"

"Thank you, oh great one. Now tell me what to do!"

"Don't let her get to you...Just let her go," Malik said in a simple voice. 

"I'll try, but I doubt I will be able to," 

***

It was long before noon when Tecor moved into the warm garden. It was a regular paradise, full of flowers and trees that were all in bloom. Tecor moved with grace in the long blue dress that was given to her with grace. It came down to her ankles, had a small plunging neckline, and showed much of her back. 

She took in the sweet smells and smiled. She walked along the invisible paths until she found a small pond. 

Tecor smiled as she sat down on the cool grass. She touched the still water with her golden colored hand, enjoying the feeling it gave her. 

As Tecor lost herself in that spot, she did not realize how close it was to noon it was.

She sighed from the heat and pulled her long black hair over her shoulder and away from her neck. 

***

Esric moved quietly through the garden with a basket full of food in his hand/ He intended to have a picnic with Tecor, even though it seemed to be as hot as the sun itself. 

He smiled when he found her by one of the many pools of the garden.

The hardness in his pants from thoughts of her grew harder still when he saw her in the slim fitting, dress dipping down to show most of her back.

His breath caught in his throat as he moved closer. He saw nothing but her. 

Then something caught his attention, something on the back of her neck.

When he was only a few inches away, he saw it was a birthmark in the shape of some type of bird.

"Raven..." he whispered as he fell to his ass in shock, as both his curse and his salvation looked at him confused by his reaction.