 This is my first story on lit. I hope to continue this one as a series. Many many thanks to hookerboots for helping edit this story for me. You rock! Any feedback on the story will be truly appreciated.

Disclaimer: Note that all characters in the story are of legal age.

General Story Note: The story is set in year 5634 AD. Humans have spread across the galaxy, inhabiting new planets, new galaxies. The Galactic empire has been in place for over 2000 years now, while adding new planets to its reaches all this time. . Planet Krayton is the center of power, and the seat of the chancellor, while Trantor is the financial hub. This part of the story is based in Trantor.



She opened her eyes, as the ship docked in at the station. She just didn't go too well with these hyper-space jumps. Had it been upto her, she would have teleported here. But that wouldn't do. It was too large a distance for starters. She shook her head, and pulled her stuff together.

"Holo-id?" grunted the officer at the station.

She pulled her id out and presented it to him. A quick scan, and it was back in her hands.

"Purpose of visit?"

"Tourist. I am here to visit my boyfriend."

She noted the smile on the officer's face, and saw him get a little friendlier. It went with a few more questions, though his manner was a lot less dry from that point on. 

"A special boy for the miss, huh?"

She smiled, almost blushed softly "Yes. A very special boy indeed." She said, beaming at him. 

The questions had to be asked though – security. Not that she had not expected it. It was Trantor after all - the financial hub of the galactic empire, the seat of the economic advisor to the Chancellor. It was said that the security here was second best, only surpassed by Krayton, the capital and seat of the chancellor himself. She smiled at the thought – a wry knowing smile. Third, she corrected, though she wouldn't say that around anyone. 

"Have a good time with your boy" the officer said, and waved her off

As she stepped out, she knew that was not the only difference. She had read and heard about Trantor. But nothing can prepare you for a planet with an artificial sky, and complete climate control. Knowing that the clear blue sky she was looking up to was artificial left her more than just a little amazed.

She got into an aero-car, and punched the address for the hotel. The hotel itself was quite some way off the high profile financial areas. As she got into her room, she put her bags down and surveyed the room. She then rummaged through her belongings, and found her holo-cube. She looked through the messages, and nodded to herself, a soft smile playing on her lips. "I have some time, then. Better get ready for him then."

She started to unpack her small bag, and put her things around. She picked up the lace panties, and the black, almost see-through gown she had brought along. Everything found its way into the drawer beside the table. She wanted it all to be perfect. After all, this was the first time they were really meeting face to face, and was probably her first and last chance to make sure things went smoothly. She had learnt well not to leave anything to chance.

***************************

He was quite happy. General consensus among the experts seemed to be that all his assertions had been right. Experts believed that pressure on the economic advisor to take corrective actions that Peter had been harping on for a while now would soon be too much. There were even growing whispers that maybe it was time for him to step down, and let someone like Peter take over. He had played his game well.

He himself was a little surprised though on how well it had gone down with the general observers and so called experts. The Zaran belt and their impoverishment had been a perfect thing to play his cards by. Not that he cared much about them. As a matter of fact, they probably deserved worse. He laughed a bit to himself. It was indeed ironical that Aaron, probably the first economic advisor in a long while to care for the Zaran belt, could soon get sacked because of poverty there.

Things were indeed turning out well. He was blazing a trail here. And on the other hand, Anna was coming in to Trantor today. He thought back to the time when he first talked to her. It was over a holodeck connection, on a dating community about three weeks back. The girl was from a small, probably irrelevant planet which he didn't remember the name of. Pretty thing, but hardly enough brains for her to be worthy of him. But yes, being pretty made her worth a fuck at least. Yes, he would have his fun with her tonight. And then she could go back, never to see him again. He smiled at the thought. Dumb girl, he muttered. Dumb, but pretty. 





************************

She stepped into the shower, and turned it on. She closed her eyes as jets of water hit her body from all around, relieving, relaxing, and massaging her body. And soon it was jets of air hitting against her body, cooling and drying her off. She stepped out and just as she was slipping on her panties, she heard the door to the room open and close. He is here, she thought. She pulled on the gown, which hugged her in all the right places, accentuating her curves, highlighting her beauty. 

And as she stepped out, she saw him standing there in the room. Her heart skipped a beat. She trotted over to him, as he walked over and quietly pulled her closer.

"You look great. Those holodecks hardly show off your true beauty. And the, uh, dress certainly helps too." he said, reaching across to softly touch her flowing hair.

She smiled, and blushed. "You look much more attractive too in real life you know. I have been looking forward to this moment."

"So have I. Oh, so have I. And much more than you can imagine" he said, as he leaned in to kiss her softly.

She returned his kiss, and put her arms around his neck. This was enough for Peter to know that she wanted it as much, that she desired him. He kissed her on, a bit more passionately, his hands roaming around her back, pulling her closer. He then picked her up, and then put her down on the bed. He quickly stripped off his clothes, and got down to his boxers. He hungrily climbed into the bed with her, and started kissing her feverishly again.

She found herself melting into him, kissing him back, her arms circling around his neck pulling him closer. They kissed for a little more, and then he tugged at her gown, pulling it off her. Her body, naked except for her panties, was now in view for him. 

"Oh you are so beautiful, Anna. And such a perfect body" he said, as he kissed her neck, and then her breasts and her belly. She smiled, and then felt her body tingle as he kissed her all over. As he came back up to kiss her breasts again, and suck on her nipples, a soft gasp escaped her. 

she put her hand on his head, her other hand rubbing his neck. "Oh, Peter . . . " The way his tongue was touching her made her feel so good, so amazing, that she moaned again.

He continued to suck on her nipples, and then started to kiss down her belly and then kissed her through her panties. She let another soft gasp escape her, as he explored her body. Peter pulled her panties down, and kissed her again, this time with no panties keeping him from tasting her flesh. She squirmed a little, her legs moving slightly. Peter knew she loved it, and pushed her legs wide, and gave her a lick, and then licked her pussy again. And as he heard her moan, he started to lick her faster.

Anna was feeling as if she was on fire, her body begging for Peter to go on. She started rubbing her breasts, as Peter continued to lick her pussy. As he pushed a finger into her, and started to finger her, she gasped. As he continued to fuck her pussy with his fingers, she moaned, leaving Peter in no doubt how she felt. Soon though, she knew she wanted him really badly. "Peter, please, please take me now" she cried out. These were words enough for him, as he stripped off his boxers, and positioned himself and straight away plunged into her. As he started to fuck her faster, her moans encouraged him to keep going. He groaned and kept fucking her. 

Anna clutched at her pillow, one hand under it, and screamed his name one more time, as she came around his cock, her muscles clenching on him. Just then, he shot his load inside her with a groan. As her body climbed down off her orgasm, Peter looked down at her, satisfied.



Pete closed his eyes, happy that he had managed to make her visit Trantor. She was well worth a fuck. As he opened his eyes to look down to her, he smiled. The smile though disappeared quickly, and was replaced with a look of surprise and fear. He had never seen down the end of a neutron pistol, but knew this was going to be his last time. "Anna..." was all he managed before she pressed the button, his head getting vaporized.

Peter fell with a soft thump on the bed, and Anna pushed off his arms off herself. She got up and smiled down at him. "Worth a fuck". 

She picked her communicator, and buzzed it up. "Agent Amara to Controller. Mission accomplished. Send in clean-up squad"

"Affirmative, Amara . . . Not that I need to ask you, but did you orgasm before the kill again?"

She could imagine her controller smiling at the other end as she said "You know me. Every time."

"You're the best agent in the GIB, Amara, so whatever makes your job . . . easier." 

"And oh, please let the inter-planetary security advisor know, that their third best security measures just aren't good enough. I know I can look too innocent, but the least they could have done was to check my bags." she added, grinning evilly.

"Not that it would have helped." noted the controller

"No. But I like to think I slipped through because I was good, and not because the others were easy to dupe"

The controller chuckled, "Noted. Report back in 5 days time for the next mission. We will have a new identity and mission ready for you." 

"Affirmative." confirmed Amara, as she signed off.

She took out her ionizer and consigned the fake holo-id to it, destroying it leaving no trace Anna ever existed. She then quickly washed off the make-up, packed her stuff, dressed and headed out. She stepped out of the hotel, looking only remotely like the woman who had stepped in. 

It was time to leave Trantor, she thought. She got into the aero-car, and punched in "teleport station". She smiled "Goodbye, Trantor. Goodbye. Till we meet again."