 This is the second part in the series Galactic Deception. I hope to continue this one as a series. hookerboots has been so very helpful, she has actually been almost a co-author on this for me, and this story would have really sucked had it not been for her! Any feedback on the story will be truly appreciated.

Disclaimer: Note that all characters in the story are over 18.

General Story Note: The story is set in year 5634 AD. Humans have spread across the galaxy, inhabiting new planets, new galaxies. The Galactic empire has been in place for over 2000 years now, while adding new planets to its reaches all this time. . Planet Krayton is the center of power, and the seat of the chancellor, while Trantor is the financial hub. This part of the story is based in Trantor.

*******************

"That was rash!"

"I call it a brilliant operation."

The man with slightly graying hair nodded. "Rash, nonetheless."

The young man in grey uniform replied, a glint in his cold, blue eyes "Maybe. But it was necessary, and we have operatives who can pull it off."

"Yes, your operative is good. Which is why I think it was rash. Be careful, Rob. You should preserve your best for big stings."

"It couldn't be bigger, sir."

The older man nodded slowly "I suppose. Yet..." He shook his head slightly. "It's okay. Don't worry about it." He would have to just keep closer tabs on things.

*******************

Headlines and new channels everywhere screamed of just one thing. Economic advisor to the chancellor, and his closest competitor Peter Zaraskov had both been assassinated within a span of 2 hours. There were no suspects yet, but speculations were rife.

"Clearly it is the ultimate recourse of the political aspirations of an unknown rival, who should emerge soon now that the position is empty." 

The governmental press release just said "These killings are a futile attempt of an enemy of the Empire, wanting to create instability by attacking our economic systems. All those responsible will be severely dealt with. The chancellor Daniel Dornick will handle all economic responsibilities until such time as a suitable candidate for the position is appointed by the Galactic Board of Trade."

*******************

Amara was glad for the five days off that she had got. It always was good to just relax for a few days between her missions. When not on a mission, she would generally be sampling the local flavors of the various destinations around the galaxy. These days generally tended to be relaxing days, spent in solitude. After all, she didn't have any family or friends – not even distant relatives. Well, not any that she cared for at least. 

As Amara got onto the shuttle back to Terminus, GIB's base planet, her thoughts wandered back to the five days of her vacation. Five lonely days, spent in solitude. All her vacations had been like that. The last time she had really enjoyed her vacations was when she was nine. While that was 14 years back, she still recalled that vividly as if it was only yesterday. The last fond memories of her family, etched in her mind forever. The last memories before she had lost them all to a terrorist incident. The incident had motivated her to sign-up for GIB when she was approached for it –it was her means to fight against the kind of people who had deprived her of her family. Her missions took up most of her time, and her time off was always spent in similar solitude. She shrugged off her thoughts. She could not afford to feel sadness over being lonely, for it would only weaken her resolve, she told herself. She knew that even if she had someone who she would care for, she would have tried to stay away from them. Ever since signing up for GIB, Amara's life had only revolved around dangers, killings and constant vigilance, something she would spare anyone she would really care for. Her chain of thoughts snapped as the shuttle decelerated, and docked into the aero-pod at the terminal.

By the time she walked past the large holo-sign that said GIB in bold and Galactic Intelligence Bureau in small lettering below that, her thoughts were cold and collected. All thoughts of her painfully empty personal life banished from her mind, she was once again, the cold and calculating agent Amara that just knew how to kill.

A few customary greetings later, and short walk down the softly lit glass hallways Amara was at her controller's office. She paused to take a brief look at the lettering on the door that clearly announced, 'Gaal Atkins', Special Projects and then knocked. The familiar grunt that she knew meant 'come in' almost made her smile as she stepped in.

"Agent Amara, back on duty."

"I have your next mission ready." Gaal said, quietly.

When Amara just nodded, Gaal continued

"Planet Zarastor. Target is President Araskim of Zarastor."

After a brief moment, Amara said with a tone of finality "4 weeks."

Gaal nodded. This was one operative who gave him time-frames, rather than accepting orders on that. And he didn't complain. After all, she always got the job done.

*******************

Amara smiled to herself as she stepped out of the terminal at the planet Zarastor. They definitely needed better security systems here. They wouldn't even be able to track her down if she showed up right after making her kill without washing her make-up off. She didn't like taking chances though, even if her enemy was incompetent.

She got an aero-car, and punched in the directions for "Cleopatra Dreams", her destination for now. Her destination, she knew was in one of the upscale areas of the planet, and had been picked after careful deliberation. The fact that she already had a contact there certainly made her decision a lot easier. "Cleaopatra Dreams" was a good, safe pick and fell in quite nicely with her plans. As she arrived there, she was only a little surprised at the look of the place. She had guessed it would be very well furnished, and setup like an upscale place from the outside, the place surpassed all her expectations.

"We attract the elite of the Zarastor society, you see.". She looked ahead to see a stocky, balding man walking towards her. "Zito. You must be Amara."

She nodded, "You do a good job here. It seems my choice was quite good." 

"Come on in. We can set you up to be our latest 'entertainer' in no time."

*******************

"Well, yes Mr. President. Your favorite Cleopatra Dreams club has a new 'entertainer'. From what we have heard, she would be well worth your time."

President Araskim grunted.

"Should we request her services?"

Another grunt.

The prime minister cleared his throat. "We have heard though that they are charging double the normal cost for her."

The President opened his eyes for the first time throughout the conversation, and looked at him with some interest. "Are they, really? Been a while since I heard that. Should be worth it, in that case." And waved dismissively at him, closing his eyes again.

*******************

Amara, dressed in a short pink dress, walked down the hallways in the presidential residence. It was nothing short of a palace, and she felt this to be a rather disgusting waste of resources. She then shrugged. It wasn't quite her job to judge the president. Her job was just to kill.

Everything had gone to plan for her so far. Her preperations had been perfect. The paste had been applied to her teeth, antidote tested and injected into her and perfect make-up applied. The week long research on the president had been accurate down to the last detail, with only one thing differing from her expectations. She had expected him to take 3 weeks to have her brought in. It had taken him just one. Either she had been a better 'entertainer' than she thought she could be, or the president was a bigger connoisseur than she had thought. 

She stepped into the room she had been guided to, and immediately looked on in awe at the grandeur that presented itself before her eyes. Her eyes then stopped on the heavy-set man in front of her. Was this the president? She wondered. This was one thing all her research had failed to turn up. The president seemed to be quite a recluse, with no pictures to be found on file. All that was ever known of him was his voice. Her research on him had revealed that there were rumors of people who had seen him, mostly women, but those people were never seen again. Women either became part of his harem, or perished. Men just perished. She was determined to change the trend – just a little – tonight.

"Greetings, woman!" he said coldly.

She stepped up towards him, a little tentatively, and nodded. "My pleasure to be here, sir."

Araskim laughed, almost cruelly. "It will be. What is your name?"

"Ashley, sir."

"Come over here, Ashley."

Amara walked quietly over to him, pretending to be a little tentative, though her brain continued to tick away looking for an opening.

He reached out and grabbed her by her shoulders. She realized the strength in his arms as he held her, and looked upto him, and smiled at him, taking care to make it a somewhat scared smile. After all, any ordinary girl would be a little scared meeting a president – especially one with his kind of reputation.

Araskim guided Amara to the bed, and then pushed her a little roughly to make her lie down and then climbed onto the bed. With little ado, he pulled his cock out and pulled her head up quite roughly, pulling at her hair. She grimaced, and then let out a little scream. That hardly had an effect on Araskim as he pushed his cock into her mouth, pushing his cock deep into her mouth. Amara almost gagged over it, but soon adjusted as his cock started to fuck her mouth.

Just as suddenly as he had forced himself in, he pulled out his cock from her mouth. And then again, with one sudden movement, he grabbed her dress with both hands, and pulled at it, ripping it open - pulling and ripping at it, till he had the shreds of the dress scattered around and her naked.

In spite of all her training, her hands instinctively went to cover herself, natural reactions taking over as she was taken aback. She soon had a grip on herself though, but nothing could have prepared her for what happened next.

Araskim started to transform into a creature she had never seen before. His face transformed only slightly, but many tentacles started growing out from his body. Each of his arms was replaced with two tentacles, and so were his legs. And through this transition, his body started to grow in size, to a point where his clothes hardly fit, and tore to shreds that fell off his body. Slowly many more tentacles began emerging from his body, all over the place, each ending like a cock.

Amara's eyes went wide as she saw the transition and for the first time in her career, she found herself panicking. This was not something she had expected, or prepared for. Time for improvisation, she told herself. Her thoughts though were cut short, as two tentacles gripped at her arms, and pulled them wide, while two tentacles did the same to her legs. The tentacles pulled her wide, almost to the point where her arms and legs started to hurt. 

Suddenly, one of the tentacles pushed into her pussy, which was invitingly exposed for him. A soft gasp escaped Amara's lips, and the gasp soon turned into a shriek as another tentacle invaded her asshole. She let out a low scream as both the tentacles pushed deeper into her, but her screams got muffled as another tentacle pushed its way into her mouth, pushing deep into her mouth. Two tentacles closed in around her breasts, squeezing them gently, and then a little roughly.

Through all this Amara fought to retain control over her senses, which were getting overpowered by pleasure. The panic she had felt earlier grew in her by the sheer lack of control over the situation, but the only thing she was able to focus on was the sensations and the effect all this was having on her body, rather than the plans for escape from this situation. As the tentacles started to move rapidly in her holes, she got pushed closer and closer to an orgasm. Soon, a powerful orgasm rocked her body. This didn't change anything though, as the tentacles kept fucking her, and she had another orgasm, and then yet another. She soon lost track of how many times her body had been rocked by her orgasms, each more potent than the last one. 

Amara slumped, her body tired, sweaty, and beaten. She fought to keep herself from passing out, closing her eyes in an attempt to focus even as the tentacles shot their fluids inside her, and pulled out. The tentacles withdrew from her, and released her limp body onto the bed. Even as the tentacles were not holding her wide open anymore, Amara didn't have much left in her to try and pull her arms and legs back.

After a little while, Amara forced her eyes open to find Araskim transformed back from the creature into a human, looking down at her, quite pleased. As he leaned in to kiss her, her instincts took over again. She let him kiss her, but just as he was pulling away, she collected herself and bit down on his lip, quite hard. The president pulled away, a look of shock on his face, with blood oozing from his lip, and then smiled. "Naughty girl, huh. Well you were a good fuck, a good investment! Certainly worth the money your club asks for you. I will make you an offer. You can join my ....harem....This.." 

He clutched at his throat, shocked at what was happening to him, as he started suffocating. The surprised look on his face, quickly changed into one of panic, and then to a painful grimace. The end came quite quickly, as he fell softly by her side. Amara lay there for a little while, still tired and sore. She smiled weakly to herself though. The poison had been potent enough, and had been delivered just right.

After a little while, she collected herself and pulled herself up and hobbled over to the mini-bag she had brought along. She pulled out the security uniform she had brought along in concealed pocket in the bag and put it on. The walk from the room, and out of the palace was quite uneventful. At the palace exit, Amara smiled to the guard on duty and waved him a cheery goodbye, one a comrade would wave to another. 

'Incompetent fools!' muttered Amara under her breath, smiling as much at a job well done as at the incompetence of the security staff.

*******************

The figure walking out of the palace was quite unmistakable. Even through the dark, the night-vision scope revealed that she was the one he was after. He revved his aero-car to life, and engaged the attached tracker as his quarry got into an aero-car and sped away. Soon enough, his prey was in sight again. A little closer, he thought, his finger resting impatiently on the aero-car's neutron gun trigger.

"Damn!" he cursed, as the blast missed. He knew that very instant that the miss would cost him success, especially against someone who was supposed to be as good as her. A few sharp turns through the well lit air-lanes and his instincts had been proved right. The girl had got the wind of him, and had escaped.

He engaged his communicator, and waited for the initial hum to die down.

"She escaped. I will keep an eye out for her. President Araskim is dead, though." he said, looking squarely into the cold blue eyes of the young man on the other end.

"No worries. For now. Keep on her tail, and keep me informed."

He nodded as he shut off the communicator. A faint smile played on his lips as he said softly to himself "I will. This should be a good game. If she can keep up."