 Thanks for making it this far! Warning: This chapter has some drug use and non-consensual corporal punishment. 

Enjoy and don't forget to vote :)

*

After two weeks in space, Nora and I landed on Emaris Station, a small space station orbiting Emaris Prime. Even though going to port was dangerous in our situation, we didn't have much of a choice - we had run out of food days ago and desperately needed supplies. With mercenaries on our trail and not a single credit to our names, a lot depended on us making some quick cash.

Being on the run was expensive, especially when you were running from someone like Big George. Well-known and feared far beyond his base of operations, he was one of the quadrant's most notorious gangsters and under the highly unfortunate impression that I had kidnapped his wife.

With help from my local contacts, I hoped we could quickly offload the drugs we had stolen and be on our way before arousing suspicion.

"And you're sure you can make that sale?" asked Nora, George's wife.

"Yes, but I need some clothes. And these," I said, pointing at my leg irons, "have to come off."

Although I wasn't exactly a voluntary member of this two-person crew, I had been really well-behaved the entire trip. The whole kidnapping thing had never been my idea, but I could tell that Nora was still not completely over it.

"I think we'll leave them on. You'll wear a collar and a leash and be my obedient little slave girl. A perfect disguise if you ask me."

I rolled my eyes. "Nora, come on, we have only one shot at this. We're completely broke and as long as we owe the landing fee, the station won't let us launch. If we spook my contact with this nonsense, there's a good chance that he might not buy."

She sighed. "Alright, alright. The keys are in my cabin on the desk."

I shuffled to her room to release myself. The shackles were Nora's revenge for keeping her locked in a cell for three weeks - something I still felt bad about - but on the other hand, she had stabbed me and made me fly this stolen transport. There was enough blame to go around.

*

The transport had very recently belonged to a team of mercs - all of them male - so it was hard to find something that I could wear. I settled on a T-shirt with a Mercs Weekly logo, some cargo pants, and a pair of combat boots, all of which were at least three sizes too large. Instead of a belt that wouldn't fit, I had to use a piece of rope to make sure the pants stayed in place.

"Why do you get a weapon?" Nora complained when I strapped a lightweight Smitherson Mark II blaster to my leg. "Prisoners don't get weapons."

"In this line of business, you carry a gun when you go to port," I said, checking the blaster's energy coil. "If you want one, there's plenty in the closet."

"I'm not touching these things. Forget it."

I scoffed. "Might be better that way. Last time you had a weapon, you stabbed me."

"Oh come on, how many times do you want me to apologize? It was only in your thigh and I thought you were going to kill me!"

"It's fine," I said, handing her a sample of the various pills we had on offer, wrapped in a medical glove. "Put that in your purse."

"I don't have a ... oh, alright."

She turned around and unzipped her coverall. With my best poker face, I watched as she awkwardly worked the pills into her snatch. Realistically, there was no need for that level of secrecy; the quantity was below the threshold for serious jail time and I simply carried my half in an envelope in my back pocket. This being Emaris, the risk of getting caught was fairly low. Worst case, the cops would fuck us, beat us up, and keep the drugs for themselves. But it was a good opportunity to see how committed she was and whether she could handle the stress.

*

Dressed and ready for action, we made our way to the lower ring to meet Ray, my old business partner. We had worked together in the past, but I hadn't seen him in a while - not since I started running guns to Ildaria. He worked out of a dry cleaner's business, which served as a front for an all-purpose trafficking operation and was located in one of the less-frequented parts of the station.

I remembered that there was a quiet place at the backside of the shop, away from prying eyes, so I decided to take Nora there to retrieve the pills she was carrying. For a first-timer, she had done reasonably well and hadn't aroused suspicion when we passed cops and local militia.

On our way, though, I heard the unmistakable sound of clinking chains and took a quick peek around the corner.

A male and a female slave in janitorial uniforms were sitting on a bench, taking a break from duty. They had tossed their cleaning supplies aside, kissing passionately, and if it hadn't been for the leg irons and collars, I would have thought they were a normal couple. The guy had his fingers inside the girl's pants, which she seemed to enjoy a lot - she was panting, pushing her hips towards him, all while trying hard to keep quiet.

"Let's give them a minute," Nora whispered. "I think she's really close."

It was an unusual sight - normally, males and females slaves were kept separate to prevent this exact kind of fraternizing. Single-sex groups were easier to control and caused much less drama, so when I served my time, there had never been the opportunity to get any male body part in proximity to my snatch. In fact, I had been extremely lucky if my restraints allowed for a little playtime alone.

As I watched the couple, I realized that weeks without any action had more of an effect than I cared to admit. I was about to make a drug deal and here I was, getting wet over two people having a bit of harmless fun.

Nora must have read my thoughts. "That's one handsome fella," she whispered and gave me a playful wink. "If you ask nicely, maybe he'll do you next."

Unfortunately, it never came to that. When they heard us, they jumped up and collected their cleaning supply, shuffling away as fast as their leg irons permitted. Slightly disappointed - at least for my part - we took a seat on the bench.

"Ray doesn't know you," I said, after Nora had pulled the pills from their hiding place. "It's best if you stay out of sight and don't talk to anyone, alright?"

Nora nodded. "Alright. I'll wait for you here."

*

Ray was short, one meter fifty at most, with a muscular body and - as I knew from previous business negotiations - with an impressive dick that could stretch an asshole to unhealthy dimensions. He was sitting in the waiting area of his shop, feet on the table, watching a cage match on a wall-mounted display. Two fighters were beating each other to a bloody pulp and most likely, he had money in the game. I remembered that additionally to being a trafficker, fence, and all-round crook, he was also running a semi-successful bookmaking business.

The only other person in the shop was a woman lying lazily on the counter, a couple of meters from Ray's table. She was in her forties, naked except for a slave collar, and a long sturdy chain locked to the back of that collar made sure she didn't wander off. The game on the monitor didn't seem to do much for her, she had her legs spread and played idly with herself, ignoring me completely. Clearly, she didn't expect me to pick up laundry.

"Slow day?" I asked and walked over to Ray's table. In fact, I had never seen a single customer while I was here. Everybody, including the cops, knew that this wasn't a legit operation. 

"I heard you were dead," he said. "Or out of the business at least."

Even though we had done business and fucked on occasion, it didn't sound like he had lost a lot of sleep over it. In any case, the cage fight was more interesting; he didn't take his eyes off the screen, but at least he pushed a chair in my direction.

"You heard wrong," I said, "on both counts. I got some product to unload, nothing big, but you'll make a tidy profit."

There was no point in trying to make conversation while he was preoccupied, so I sat down with him and we kept watching for a few more minutes, waiting for things to play out on the screen. When medics dragged the taller guy out of the arena, Ray finally turned off the display.

"Let's hear it. I gotta make up for the twenty grand I lost on that game."

Now that sounded like a good opportunity. Normally, Ray dealt in bulk - a small shipment like Nora's and mine was too much hassle for too little gain. Coming in, I half expected he would hand me off to some small-time local dealer. For a referral fee, of course, which usually meant shoving his dick down my throat.

"New help?" I asked, pointing at the woman on the counter who was still playing with her clit. "What happened to the other one? The hot redhead?"

"Released. She's back to selling shoes on the promenade. Now I got Brenda, the cheapest slut I ever bought. Also the fattest."

According to Ray, Brenda was a slut and a junkie, the wayward ex-wife of local preacher Jimmy Doyle. She had skimmed from the congregation and fucked around for years to support her drug habit until she finally got busted. Despite being a preacher, forgiveness wasn't exactly in Jimmy's nature, so he dropped her like a hot potato and refused to bribe the local magistrate. As a result she got sentenced to an eight year stretch and with slave prices at an all-time low, Ray had picked her up at a bargain.

Whatever her story was, I hadn't come to Ray's place for small talk. I opened my envelope and put the samples on the table. It was about a dozen pills in different shapes and colors, enough to get a serious party started - or keeping one going for a while.

Before I could even start my sales pitch, Brenda decided that the merchandise on the table was more interesting than playing with her twat. With surprising speed for a woman her age and weight, she lunged forward, grabbed one of the pills and swallowed it before any of us could react.

Such a break in discipline was unheard of for a slave and I guessed that like with the redhead, Ray had been too cheap to have her properly trained. I would never wish obedience training on anyone, but this wasn't the first time one of his budget sluts stepped out of line.

Ray groaned. "That was 'Whore's Delight,' you stupid cow!"

He jumped off his chair and dragged her back to the counter, where he shortened the chain with a padlock from his pocket. It was a wise precaution - very soon, anything in her reach that was equipped with a dick would be fair game.

Despite its name, 'Delight' was rarely used by girls in the industry. It was an expensive party drug that turned even the most frigid bitch into a raging nymphomaniac. I never used it much myself, only a couple of times back in flight school, and each time I fucked the entire class until the sun came up. Nobody in their right mind took an entire pill though; most people crushed it up and snorted a small dose, which was more than enough for a night of crazy, uninhibited sex.

Meanwhile, as the drug was starting to have an effect on Brenda, she was getting increasingly frustrated due to an acute lack of dick in her holes. At a party with plenty of people around, that usually wasn't a problem - not for long anyway - but chained to the counter with no cock in reach, it was a different story altogether.

"Fuck me, please," she begged on her knees, spreading her fat butt cheeks in what counted as an invitation.

I remembered the all-consuming need for getting fucked, caused by this little pill. The throbbing clit, the tunnel vision, the burning desire for getting my holes stretched by a procession of dick. It wasn't pretty.

Ray and I ignored her as best as we could as we were haggling over the price of my shipment. He wasn't stupid, he knew that I was running from some kind of trouble, so twenty percent below market value was as high as he was willing to go.

"Ray, please! Take my ass! I'll rim you, I'll drink your piss! Anything!"

Brenda was kneeling on the counter, her hand deep inside her pussy, fucking herself like a maniac, but it didn't seem to do much for her. She whined and begged and I knew that this would only get worse. It didn't seem like she had a lot of dignity before, but now I could watch how the rest went down the drain. In her desperation, she made offers that no self-respecting slut would even consider.

"Jacking off won't work," I said. "She needs the real thing. Give her one of the downers, that should mellow her out."

"Hell no, that stupid bitch needs to learn her lesson," he said while Brenda was now frantically fisting her ass. It was unreal, she looked like a housewife - kind of mousy, with sagging breasts and way too much fat on her ribs - but she could take a fist like a seasoned pro.

"Listen, Ray," I said, remembering previous negotiations with him. "I got an idea."

Of course, the proposal was right up Ray's alley. In exchange for my help with teaching Brenda a lesson, he would take the product at just ten percent below market value. It was a win-win proposition - if you didn't consider poor old Brenda, of course.

Ray pulled out his amazing dick and as usual, he didn't need much encouragement. I lubed him up with some spit - with a tool this size even my worn-out asshole needed preparation. I undressed quickly and leaned over the table, with him slowly pushing into my rectum and Brenda screaming obscenities at us.

Tripping on "Delight" with no means for release was bad enough, but having to watch another girl getting her asshole reamed while you didn't get any was the ultimate punishment.

For a good twenty minutes, he pumped in and out of me, stretching my ass in ways that I rarely experienced these days. I groaned as he fucked me with long, powerful strokes and buried his oversized cock to the hilt. Brenda was howling in frustration as I worked my clit, treating myself to a couple of decent orgasms.

Ray was a patient man, he made me work hard for my deal, but he was enough of a gentleman to finish in my mouth when I asked. With my battered, gaping asshole, I really didn't want to leave a trail of jizz while shopping on the station.

*

After I had cleaned him up and got myself dressed, we shook hands and I left with a small advance payment in my pocket and detailed instructions for delivery. Two weeks without sex were long by my standards - it wasn't like I needed it, but I had actually enjoyed myself and returned well-fucked and very pleased with myself.

I couldn't wait to boast about my success when I saw Nora sitting on the bench, looking miserable. She was wearing a tracking collar - a heavy, hideous thing that was painted in bright orange.

"What the fuck happend?" I asked.

"They tagged me for prostitution," she said sheepishly.

I couldn't believe it. "They did what?! Why would they-"

"There was a guy and he offered me fifteen credits for a blowjob. I, err, figured we could use the money but it turns out that he ... he was a cop. That asshole let me suck him off and then he arrested me."

Dammit. I closed my eyes for a moment and took a deep breath.

"I leave you alone for twenty goddamn minutes! Seriously! What were you thinking?"

"We haven't eaten for three days and we're broke, that's what I was thinking!"

"I just got us an advance on our deal, for fuck's sake! Why can't you have a little bit of patience?"

Going for days without food in close quarters was not a new experience for me. The jails I had spent time in were not run by smart and well-organized people and when I was a slave, regular meals had not been a priority to my owners. When it came to food, Nora was a spoilt little princess who knew nothing about the hardships of life.

"Listen, next time do your homework before you break the law. All this guy wanted was getting his dick sucked and fifty, maybe a hundred in cash. Whoring on Emaris is no big deal, but there's dirty cops everywhere and you need money to pay them off. You basically forced him to bust you."

I continued berating her, annoyed that I had to deal with this drama on top of everything else. But she just sat there in her own world, clearly not listening to a single word I said. She was tapping her foot nervously, playing with her nipple rings under her shirt.

"Gods, what are they gonna do to me?"

"They didn't say anything?" I asked.

"The cop said I'm going to get my sentence later this afternoon. Do you think I'm going to jail?"

"I have no idea, it varies from place to place. For my first offense on Massanas, they gave me one hundred whacks on the snatch with a leather strap. I was so swollen, peeing was hell for a week."

"Oh god," she said, burying her face in her hands.

"This place is a bit more sophisticated, there's going to be some other type of punishment."

"You're ... experienced in these things. Isn't there anything I can do?"

"Not much," I said and shrugged. "We can try to cut off the collar and run, but that would probably put the entire station on lockdown. If we plan this properly, I'm sure we can sneak you out, but if you do get caught, the sentence for that's going to be really bad. Slavery bad, most likely."

She sighed. "And best case, I'd be a fugitive."

"Yes. Every respectable planet's gonna extradite you and that's on top of the mess with your husband. I strongly suggest you grit your teeth and take it as a learning experience. And stop with the tugging already, you'll ruin your nipples."

"Fine," she said, finally letting go of her rings. "It's so unfair, I just wanted to make some money so we could eat. You do it all the time, it's not exactly rocket science."

I groaned. Why couldn't people show some respect for once? Just because the profession was open to anyone didn't mean everyone was good at it.

*

Going back to the ship turned out to be impossible, her tracking collar started to vibrate as soon as we got near the hangar deck. We decided to take our food in a small place off the observation platform, away from prying eyes.

We had just finished our first meal in days when her comlink chimed and she got the message.

"What does it say?" I asked.

Nora winced. "They're giving me twelve lashes. I'll get sealed and inhibited for three months, whatever that means. And I have twenty-four hours to self-surrender."

"So no jail time," I said. "That's good news, I guess. It means we can get out of here."

"I'm really scared," she admitted. "I've never been whipped before. And the other stuff - do you know what that is?"

"No idea. I'm afraid we'll have to find out."

She stretched her legs and reached under her shirt, again tugging on one of her nipple rings. It was a nervous habit that was driving me crazy.

"Would you come with me?" she asked. "It says I'm allowed to bring a witness."

"Okay, sure. But let's go now," I said. "Your name's in the system, we have to get out of here as soon as possible. There's multiple agencies here, to which one do you wanna go?"

Emaris was one of the many places that had outsourced much of their penal system to private companies. The state would impose a sentence and it was on licensed service providers to execute it, typically charging the delinquent for their own punishment. The whole industry was extremely lucrative, with several interstellar franchises competing for people's business.

She pondered for a moment. "I don't know. Does it even matter?"

"Probably not," I said, after checking the rates on my comlink. "The sentences are standardized and the fees are pretty much the same. Have you ever been to one? For a private session maybe?"

"No. George likes to humiliate me, but he would never hurt me physically."

"Well, we could go to Stepanov's two decks down, but I'm more a Mendez girl, they have good service and they give you chocolate when you're done. Everton's I wouldn't recommend, they are a bit cheaper, but they go completely over the top with restraints. And last year, a friend of mine got her stuff stolen. Imagine you go in there and get your fifty whacks or whatever and when you're out, all your stuff is gone. That sucks."
