 Chapter three: Sale

I awoke suddenly. That's not normal for me. I am one of those people who take some time to wake up fully. I was still posed on my knees with my legs spread and my arms stuck behind my head. I felt incredibly stiff, as if I had been this way for some time (which I had, in fact, been). The owner (I never learned his name) was operating some control device and the other slaves were waking up as well. I guess the collars are able to induce sleep or unconsciousness as well as prevent it.

As I knelt there, I realized just how badly I stank. I had not bathed or washed since Collin enslaved me. The residue of five or six arousals, two orgasms and the owners own fluids was still dried on me, with the predictable results. I was hoping that the smell of used sex was not a selling point here!

The restraints released and we were instructed to stand and begin the morning exercises. Without leaving their spots, the other slaves began to move their limbs in obvious attempts to get the kinks out. I joined in, since I didn't know when the next time I would get to move. Remember, they had been immobilized from the time I got here until now. Some knee bends, jumping jacks, and toe touches quickly took the kinks out, but added the aroma of perspiration to the other rank odors I was producing.

"Susan, go back to the examination room. You'll find a shower there. Clean yourself up quickly. We open in fifteen minutes."

Grateful, I hurried back and found the shower. Mindful of his orders to hurry, I finished in five minutes. After getting clean I returned and found a glass of green liquid at my 'station'. "Drink your nutrient drink." he said. I sipped it and it tasted like tomato juice with a faint chemical aftertaste. I assumed, from the almost instant ending to my hunger pangs, that the chemical was an appetite suppressant. If this was all we got, in a few days, I would be ready to kill for a good plate of biscuits and gravy.

After we ate (drank?), he re-posed us and unlocked his shop. A couple of customers were waiting for him to open. The word must have gotten around, because they both made their way straight to me. The previous day had not helped much. As I was scrutinized like a piece of meat, I blushed fiercely in humiliation. I was poked and prodded just about everywhere. My teeth were inspected. My arms and legs were squeezed. My hair was fondled and every one of my openings was poked into. Thankfully, the Hydromel was not active now.

Both these customers were natives. They never asked any questions and left without making a purchase. It seems they simply wanted to look at the 'new model' that had recently come in. This was repeated through out the day. A few conversed with the owner telepathically. I could tell since there were hand motions involved (unnecessary, but used when possible among them, I discovered later). I recalled from my briefing weeks earlier that their telepathy was species only, but that it must operate on a sub-conscious level since they seemed able to pick up languages in a matter of days when among a native speaker of the language.

A couple of other slaves were sold that day. One was a native who seemed non-pulsed by the whole exchange. The other was a spider-like Wagnerian. I never had any clue as to what use they would be put to. At the end of the day, he put us into the enforced sleep. I never mover from my kneeling position.

The next morning, we went through the wakening and drinking routine again, minus my shower. He only had three customers that day, none of which was interested in me. On the third day, everything changed.

On the third day, the morning started slow. Shortly after midday, three humans entered the establishment. They looked over some of the native slaves, but did not seem truly interested. When they got to me, they asked the owner if he allowed demonstrations. He indicated that sometimes he did and asked them what kind of demonstrations they were interested in.

"We want to see a demonstration of her sexual prowess. We've heard that she is a natural sex slave."

"I can arrange for a demonstration of course. You were not expecting to 'participate' in the demonstration, were you?"

"We wouldn't turn it down, if you're offering, but we kind of expected that you would have an objection or two to 'free use' before we actually buy anything"

"I see you are wise gentlemen and savvy shoppers. If you'll follow me, I'll set you up in the viewing room. Do you have any specific types of prowess you wanted to see?"

I could not hear their response as they moved away. While it would be nice to be able to move for a while, I certainly did not feel like 'performing' sexually for three voyeurs that I certainly hoped were not actually going to buy me. It was clear that they would use me sexually until they got bored and then I would end up, who knows where. The shop owner returned.

"Susan, the gentlemen would like to see you satisfy both a male and a female from different species at the same time. I will set you up with Drelvin and Sancha. You will know what to with Drelvin, since you have pleased me. You have good instincts, so you'll have no problem with Sancha either."

He released all three of us and ushered us into a room with some simple furnishing. "Susan, you are to please both Drelvin and Sancha. If you fail to do so, you will be punished." I could not tell if he was acting for the watchers or was serious. I was not about to take any chances, though. That whole feather of fire experience definitely did not bear repeating!

Both my partners were Blanchetians. I started with the guy, licking his sheath to get his first penis aroused. I suspect it had been some time since he had had sex. His cock lost no time in expanding in the sheaf. While I licked and fondled him, the woman had gotten down and was caressing my hips and breasts from behind. Her touch was surprisingly soft and erotic. It felt like someone was caressing me with a couple of fur-lined mittens. My nipples began to harden and I could feel moisture forming on my pussy.

As my arousal grew, Drelvin's first penis emerged from its sheath. He made it clear, trying to turn me around, that he did not want a blowjob. He wanted to fuck me. I was a little worried about how his two penis action was going to work with me, but I had to please her as well. I let myself turn around and pushed Sancha onto her back. As my hands passed over her nipples, all four of them, she responded enthusiastically. As I pulled myself up to begin to her nipples so I could start licking them, he entered me with a series of hard, fast thrusts. I could feel a heat, almost uncomfortable, building in my cunt. (I later learned that human and Blanchetian secretions are mildly volatile together) The heat seemed to sensitize the inside of my pussy and I could feel every thrust in and out. It was getting hard to concentrate on what I was doing with the woman, as I started to thrust myself back to meet his forward thrusts.

Her moans brought me back to the present. I tentatively took a lick at one of her nipples and she writhed under me again. Her breasts seemed especially sensitive. I moved back and forth between them while my hands played with the ones I wasn't licking, rubbing and pinching them. Her breathing became faster and faster, just as mine was as I responded to the increased heat and sensitivity in my pussy.

She began to push me down, indicating a desire for something more. Pushing her a little, I found her pussies(!), both of them. They were located about an inch apart and the lower one was slick with juices. As I licked at her, she seemed to lock up and start quivering. I thought she might be orgasming already, but when I started to pull back, she grabbed my head and held me in place. Taking the hint, I resumed licking with an abandon. As the pussy responded by opening up, I tried to get my tongue inside. I felt a protrusion inside, feeling much like a clit feels and I licked at it.

She went wild, bucking against my face, and producing copious quantities of fluid. Some of the fluid spread to her other pussy and it began to open up and produce fluids of its own. As I mover my mouth to her second pussy, the heat in my pussy peaked. It felt almost scalding, like a very hot shower, when he erupted inside of me. Like my earlier experience, he produced amazing quantities of cum, which spilled out of my pussy. I could feel his first penis withdraw and his second begin to come out. But he did not sick it in my pussy, he started to press it against my ass! I clenched up, but the oily secretions his second cock produced made it impossible to keep him out. It was too thick! I felt like I was being split in two as he plunged into me over and over again.

His thrusts pushed my face into her crotch. I was barely able to remember to lick at her second pussy (her holding my head helped). Her second cunt pulsated like it was trying to pull and hold my tongue inside. The juices this time were actually sticky, not slick. When I was inside her pussy, I licked at the inside walls. I could feel small hairs on the walls that seemed to pull on my tongue, trying to keep it in. I decided to go with it and stay buried in and lick for all I was worth. That seemed to make her very happy. She started writhing underneath me, crying out incoherently. My own ass was in pain, as this monstrously thick cock was being rammed in and out repeatedly.

They both started their second cum at the same time. She froze up and her second pussy pinched tightly on my mouth and tongue. The sticky fluid congealed and I could not pull my face up. It seemed like luck that kept my nose from being plugged by the hardening gel. He unleashed a stream into my bowels that could not leak out because of the seal his precum formed. More and more liquid filled me up. I could feel my belly beginning to distend from the strange enema I was getting. He was not pulling out, but instead, kept himself plunged into me and would not let go. I was stuck to my partners and on top of all that, I had not cum myself.

Aroused, but stuck, I reached underneath myself and played with my pussy. It was slick with my won juices and the cum that had leaked out. As I plunged my fingers into my pussy, I became hotter and hotter. I massaged my clit with my thumb as I used my fingers in my pussy. It did not take long to begin cumming myself. I began to twitch and moan as my orgasm hit me in waves. He finally pulled out of my ass, letting his fluid pour out of me, releasing the pressure that had begun to build inside.

I was thinking I was going to have trouble getting loose from Sancha, until I realized I was coming loose. The intensity of my cum had caused my nose to run and where my nasal mucus had landed, the gel was dissolving. There were probably more disgusting ways to get loose, but I could not think of any right then.

Once I was loose, the owner returned and sent the others to get cleaned up. I was covered with fluids from all three of us. "Get up into position," he ordered. The three men came in through a door I had not noticed before. "As you fine sirs can see, the slave is well versed in the pleasing of others sexually and has experience with beings of species other than her own. Is this what you were looking for?"

"Yes, that is what we were looking for. How much will she be?"

"I could not let her go for less than 750 metrons."

"750! That's outrageous. She's merely a class three, hardly worth anything."

"It seems you don't have a true appreciation of the slave market. Class Three slaves are the most valuable of all slaves. They are secure investments that will never lose value, since they will never see freedom. They also are natural slaves, who either do, or come to, love their status. They are eager to please whoever their masters are and are well worth almost any price."

I was fuming at the description he was applying to me. Natural slave my ass! I would never become the creature he was describing.

The spokesman responded angrily, "In that case, you can keep your precious Class Three slave. Our money will be better spent elsewhere."

"I'm sorry you feel that way. Maybe later, when you want something a little less expensive."

They stormed out.

He then turned to me, "How dare you show anger at your owner! I will accurately describe your status to any customer who asks. Do you want to be punished again?"

"No master. Please, I could not help myself. I've never experienced anything like being owned before and cannot imagine ever liking slavery."

"You had better get used to it, slave. You will never experience any other status for the rest of your life. It will be easier on you if you do come to enjoy it. You never know what a master will want you to do. If you dedicate yourself to your master's pleasure, you will come to derive pleasure from pleasing him or her. I want you to clean this mess up now. Make it your goal to make me happy. Embrace your slavery. You have two hours. I want you on the show room floor for at least a couple more hours today."

The nerve! Embrace my slavery. I may be stuck in this status forever, but I would never give an owner the satisfaction of possessing me, if you know what I mean. There was a bucket and mop in a side room. Blanchetian fluids were more difficult to clean up, being more viscous than human fluids. They would not soak up in the mop. I had to scoop them up with my hands, mildly disgusting. Like most species, Blanchetian sexual fluids 'go bad' quickly once the leave the body. It could be worse. I could have had to use my mouth (Eewww!).

It took my almost the entire two hours, but I managed to get everything up, leaving only the moistness from my tongue. When he came back, he ordered my to shower and return to the showroom. I don't think I have ever enjoyed a shower as much as that one. After I was clean, I went back out and I was put back into position. I thought my day was essentially over, but a quarter hour before closing, another customer came in.

This was a human accompanied by a Gravelian. (think pink fur covered velociraptor mercenaries) The owner seemed to know him very well.

"Mr. Valenshenko! How nice to see you. Are you still searching for the perfect slave?"

"Yes I am. It's not easy to find the versatility I need. I was reading in the net that you have acquired your first human slave. I don't suppose she is highly skilled, is she?"

"I think you will be pleasantly surprised. I've researched the slave's past life, and she has much experience in several financial markets. She's also a Class Three slave, and from what little I have been able to assess, she is well experienced, sexually and in spite of the duplicity used in her classification, I believe she is truly Class Three."

"She sounds perfect. I will need to interview her to get an idea how useful she will be."

"She's right over here. You should know that she has recently been implanted with drug dispensers. One is for Hyrdomel, which you may find useful. It was originally programmed for continual release, but I've modified it for controlled dosage. The other is one I have not heard of before, called Trilotozene."

"I can explain that one. Humans have one of the most sensitive and over-reactive immune systems in the galaxy. It was discovered that alien reproductive cells had the potential to set off an over-reaction by our immune systems, leading to an increase in auto-immune disorders shortly after our first contacts with other species, at least those we treated as being sexually compatible. Trilotozene is a drug that fixes that problem by destroying all sexual cells. It is able to recognize the presence of half portions of DNA in reproductive cells. Any human intending to have sex with aliens, takes Trilotozene before, or shortly after sex. Interestingly, an unintended side effect is that it is a perfect birth control drug, since it treats human sperm and eggs just like other species germ cells."

I'm not sure what it is, but it is far more humiliating to be scrutinized by a member of your own race than it is when an alien examines you. Mr. V. examined me in more detail than most doctors do. Every inch of skin was prodded and poked. He opened my mouth and examined my gums and teeth (it turns out that the mouth is an excellent indicator of general health; those who take care of their mouths, tend to take care of the rest of themselves). He seemed to know what he was doing. He manipulated my limbs, making sure they worked properly and had no hidden health problems. Of course, he examined my tits and pussy, deliberately trying to arouse me (successfully, I'm embarrassed to say). 

"I see what you mean. She clearly does not like the way she is being treated and talked about, yet she responds quickly to sexual contact of any sort. She will make an excellent sex slave." He said to the owner. Turning to me, he asked, "Tell me slave, what experience do you have in finance?"

I was tempted to lie, not liking this man at all. He was however, my best chance to get off this planet and possibly home, where I would be freed. "Sir, I was a trade negotiator for Amorex Shipping Inc. I was responsible for analyzing trade data and obtaining the best possible deals for the company. I also used to work in the fraud detection unit and have had extensive experience in examining financial reports to spot fraud."

"So you're familiar with the major financial programs currently in use?"

"Yes sir. I've kept up to date with all the major programs. I'm acknowledged as the best financial officer in the company."

"I notice that you don't have a netware socket. Just how are you 'up to date' on all the latest software without one?"

"I use a virtual room, sir."

"A virtual room? Are you trying to tell me that you can outperform net jacked operators with a clumsy, slow, virtual room? I don't much appreciate being lied to!"

"I you don't believe me, call up my file from Amorex! As a non-indentured slave, my rights to privacy ended from the moment Collin enslaved me. I have no reason to lie, 'Sir'." I said, dripping with sarcasm.

He took me at my word and accessed a data pad, no doubt to check on my personnel file. It did not take a degree in psychology to read the owner's venomous look. He was incensed at my rude treatment of Mr. V. If I was not bought today, I was going to suffer tonight.

"It seems you are correct. You'll have to explain how a virtual box beats a netware socket."

Turning to the owner, "She seems just what I'm looking for, sexual, smart and savvy. Her Class Three status is a pleasant bonus. How much are you asking for her?"

"1500 Metrons. Practically a steal at twice the price."

They wandered away, engaged in that friendly, yet serious sport of bargaining. It was one of the reasons I disliked socially primitive worlds. While I am good at bargaining, I dislike that it has to be done. Why any self respecting merchant would not simply be honest about what his product is worth is beyond me. Fifteen minutes later, the sale was completed. I don't even know just what I was sold for. The control codes for my restraints were transferred to Mr. V.'s data pad and he took, possession, as they say.

"The first thing you need to understand is that I brook no disrespect from those I employ. I will certainly not accept it from my slave!"

My nerves instantly transformed to molten fire. I cried out in agony, collapsing to the floor. I could not control myself and writhed in pain, oblivious to my surroundings. My sense of time was completely gone, though it felt like hours that the waves of pain swept through me. I imagined that I was burning alive without being consumed. When the pain stopped, I found myself on the floor, covered in sweat and having soiled myself.

"It would behoove you to learn the difference between being honest and being disrespectful. That was a mere ten seconds (!) of pain. Future lapses, now that I actually own you will be much longer. Now go ant clean yourself up, and then clean up the mess you've made on the shop floor."
