 Chapter four: Job Orientation

Mr. V set the electronic leash for five feet and set out at a brisk pace. Only a past determination to stay fit in a normally sedentary job allowed me to keep up. A we walked, he kept a running commentary of what we were doing. "We are outbound tomorrow morning, so I need to get everything you will need this evening. Have you eaten at all today?"

"Master, the shop owner gave me a drink in the morning and I have felt no hunger since then. I assume there was an appetite suppressant in the drink."

"If it is the one they normally use, your system will be unable to digest food until the drug wears off, between 24 and 36 hours after it was ingested. We'll skip dinner then. First is to get you clothes for when I need you dressed."

The first shop we stopped at was not an ordinary clothing shop. The sign said "Gravonic's Slave Wear." Inside was unlike anything I had seen before. The expectation one has from a non-slavery culture is that female slaves are for sex. But Blanchet has slaves from both genders. Furthermore, I was discovering, not all female slaves are intended for sex, though that was frequently a part of their duties. The shop had more styles of clothing than I had ever seen before. Many of them were for some purpose that I could not fathom. Apparently, most locals did not shop for their slave's clothing this late at night.

"Good evening sir. How can I help you." An attendant asked, ignoring me as if I was not there.

"I have just acquired a new slave and I will be needing a varied selection of attire for her. I want her to have a dozen provocative garments for when I have her entertaining, about half as many sets of modest attire for those planets with nudity taboos for even slaves, 2 sets of cold weather clothes, and a set of protective garments for use in Kroklin."

My God! Just what was he intending to use me for? I could understand sensuous clothing and cold weather gear. But hard labor? And what, pray tell was Kroklin?

The attendant answered, "Very good sir. Do you have any style preference?

"Only that there be no duplication in styles. I have some other purchases to make elsewhere. Can I leave her here and have her fitted?"

"Of course sir. Your list will take about two hours to fill. Is the slave allowed any input in the selection?"

"Within the parameters, yes. Be sure that the provocative wear leaves her all but naked. Oh, and arrange for these items to be packaged as well. She has no say in them." He instructed, handing her a piece of paper.

"Very good sir," she replied as he walked away. Turning to me, she ordered, "Come slave. We have much to do in the next couple of hours."

Except for the fact that the clerk was in charge instead of myself, this was much like shopping before I was enslaved. I must have tried on dozens of clothes of various types. I was given pretty much free reign in choosing the modest clothing. It seems that the attendant was not used to coordinating clothing that covered most of the body (I learned that she was actually a slave herself, a Class One, with two years left on her contract). 

I however, learned much about dressing to provoke arousal in both men and women. Nudity, it turns out, is frequently less erotic than slim coverings in just the right places. As I tried on numerous items that I would hardly thought appropriate for swimming or sleeping in, I found the sight of my own barely covered body arousing in ways that my nakedness had not been. Some of the outfits she selected for me covered without actually concealing. Others concealed, but their touch on me sent shivers of arousal through me. I actually was enjoying myself when Mr. Valenshenko returned.

"Has the shopping been completed?"

"Just about sir. There was some time spent instructing your slave in the proper wearing and use of some of the garment. The special items should be here shortly. We did not carry some of them and sent out to a partner shop for them. All we have left is the protective gear."

"Very good. Let me see what you have."

She led us to a corner of the shop with an unusual selection of clothing. It reminded me of pieces of hardened leather armor that I had seen on some of the more primitive worlds. They had me try on several pieces. While the looked like hardened leather, they were actually a semi-pliable plastic or resin material. In spite of their hardness, they transmitted sensation very well, sort of like a low tech version of exo-skin. When all the pieces were picked out, I had enough to cover me from head to toe in the stuff. I could not imagine what I would need this for and why they were made with such realistic body surfaces. The breast piece had nipples on it, The part that covered my waist and privates had exaggerated pussy lips and clit. Why would you want to armor yourself in a Barbie doll skin? If it had been exo-skin, it would have made more sense, since exo-skin magnifies strength while providing tactile feed back for controlling the enhanced strength. This stuff enhanced nothing, it just transmitted sensation with great efficiency.

By the time we were done, the package he wanted had showed up. It was about 70 cubic inches in size and weighed a mere two pounds or so (he had me carry it like it was some sort of joke). As we moved out of the shop, he addressed me again.

"You have me in an unusual position. Your reliance on a virtual room has me at odds. Virtual rooms are practically unheard of these days. Where am I going to find a virtual room? You need to explain why you are opposed to netwear."

"It's a little hard to explain. Let me start by pointing out where we can find a virtual room. Collin, my enslaver, had all my belongings given to charity. Whichever charity got my own virtual room would probably still have it, unable to sell it, since I know of no one else who uses one. That would also have the advantage of already being programmed for me personally."

"Excellent! I was afraid I would have to make a side trip to a world with an antique shop on it. Do you know which charity?"

"No Master, I do not. I was a slave by then and was not informed or consulted. The concierge arranged it and probably knows which charity, or can find out."

"Very well. Our shopping is done except for that item."

He led us off to the hotel I had been staying at when I was free. The concierge was easy to find. When he saw us, he smiled broadly greeting Mr. V., "Greetings gentle sir. How may I be of assistance?"

"Several days ago, my slave was enslaved in your hotel. Her original owner instructed that her former belongings be given to charity. I need to acquire one of those items. Would you be so kind as to tell me which charity they were given to?"

"Unfortunately, I cannot sir. They were never given away. The owners instituted a policy in preparation for the planet's full membership. All property of those enslaved within the hotel becomes property of the hotel itself. If you wish to acquire any of the items, you will have to speak to the manager."

"Very, well. May I speak with the manager then?"

"I will check to see if he is available. May I say sir, that I expect that you will pleased with your slave. I was fortunate enough to see her shortly after her enslavement. She was quite a catch. It was obvious that she is a very responsive slave and truly a Class Three."

It is not easy or pleasant to hear a perfect stranger talk so openly about ones sexuality. But that pales in comparison to realize that you are responding sexually to those comments. Being naked, it was of course obvious that I was becoming aroused. I blushed furiously as the concierge continued, "See what I mean, you have only to talk about her and she becomes ready to serve."

I could not understand what was happening. This is not how I normally react. Such openly sexual talk is something I find insulting and revolting. I would never had allowed such talk about myself or anyone else in my presence. Now I was unable to stop it and was responding to it in ways that disgusted me.

"Yes she is," my master answered. "I look forward to getting maximum value out of her. We'll be in the lounge when the manager is able to see us."

The concierge went into a back area while we went to the lounge. "Kneel here." He said as he sat at a table.

A waitress came over and took his order. He ordered a Vegan nova for himself and nothing for me. I seemed to have become the center of attention. Looking around. I saw that, while there were a few other slaves in the lounge, I was the only human one (there are some things it does not pay to be first at). Humans are one of the few races that show their early stages of arousal visibly (other races display to other senses, such as smell). I seemed to be in some weird kind of feedback loop. The more that people stared at me, the more aroused I became. The more aroused I became, the more that people stared. Why was I responding this way? I have never been an exhibitionist and do not enjoy showing myself in public. What has happened to me?

The lack of touch limited my excitement somewhat. Mr. V. seemed to not notice what was happening, but I suspected that he was not as oblivious to his surroundings as he let on. Blessedly, the looks eventually stopped, probably because nothing was happening. After an hour, the waitress informed us that the manager would see us now.

We were led to an office in the back part of the hotel. Inside was a human woman. She was shorter than me, dressed in a professional business suit. She stood and shook Mr. V.'s hand. "I'm Cally Halreck. How can I help you today?"

"My slave was taken in your hotel. Understand that her former belongings became the property of the hotel itself."

"Yes. We foresaw the potential ramifications of Blanchet's full membership and instituted policies to make such 'transitions' orderly and not a financial burden on the hotel. You can understand, having a guest enslaved before they pay their bill could result in a significant loss."

"I understand. Your company's foresight is commendable. There is one item from her belongings that I would like to obtain. I would, of course, be willing to pay for it. The item is a virtual room. Would it be possible to purchase the device?"

"Unfortunately, the items have not been properly inventoried as of yet. It will take several days to finish the process."

"I have to leave in the morning and virtual rooms are extremely hard to find these days. Is there any way to 'speed up the process? I would be willing to pay extra to reimburse the hotel for the extra man hours needed to expedite the process."

"There may be a way. Are you familiar with Kroklin?"

"Yes. In fact, I purchased Kroklin equipment for my slave tonight."

"I enjoy the sport. I would like a chance to play with a human. If you will allow me a few hours tonight, I will see what I can do to clear the virtual room for you to purchase."

"That will be eminently acceptable. Do you have a site suitable for Kroklin?"

"Yes. We maintain a room on the seventh floor for guests with slaves who enjoy playing."

"Very good. I will prepare her and deliver her to the game room within the hour. Will that be acceptable?"

"Yes. I'll start my people on finding the device."

They shook hands and he led me out of the office. I had never heard of 'Kroklin' before and was not sure I liked it. What kind of game do you play with slaves that requires them to wear protective gear? I was definitely not going to like it.

"I was hoping to introduce you more gradually to your duties," my Master said with a frown on his face. "From your lack of panic, I assume that you don't know what Kroklin is."

"No master I don't. Why should I be panicked?" I asked with trepidation.

"You understand that on Blanchet, slaves are property, not people." He continued when I nodded. "That means that owners can do anything at all with their slaves and if 'damage' results, the only consequence is the loss of a valuable piece of property. Kroklin is a way to minimize the property loss when punishing slaves. I myself prefer modern electronics. Punishment for infractions is swift, effective and does no lasting harm to the slave. Kroklin attempts the same results but lends itself to some people's baser instincts. It is tailor made for those who enjoy inflicting pain."

Horror hit me as it dawned on me just what was going to happen. Protective gear that transmitted feelings. Pain without damage at the hands of a sadist! "Master! Please, don't make me do this. I'll do anything..."

"You'll already do anything. And you'll do this as well. I don't like Kroklin, but in the places where I do business, many do. At least with my own equipment, the pain will be tolerable. In some cultures the equipment does not just transmit the pain, it amplifies it. You will come through this. Understand, there will be many things I require of you that you will find unpleasant. You are a slave and you will do what I tell you. Have I made myself clear?"

"Yes master."

"Good. Now let's hurry. The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get the virtual room and leave."

We reached his room and, once inside, he unpacked the protective gear and helped me put it on. Once it was on, we left and went to the seventh floor. The manager was waiting for us. She was no longer in her suit. She had changed into a sexy leather outfit. The skirt barely came down to her knees and the top could have passed for a bra. It pulled her breasts up and tight. If I was into women, I would find myself attracted to her. I could see that Mr. V. was, though he said nothing about it.

"Here she is. I'll be back in two hours."

"The device should be waiting for you at the front desk by then."

Master walked away and I was left alone with a woman who desired only to inflict as much pain on me as she could. I was terrified and it obviously showed.

"OH, come now little slave. Property has no call to be frightened. Go inside!" she ordered as the door responded to her pass key.

The room was about 20 feet square and the walls had a variety of devices that I assumed were intended for pain infliction. Some were obvious. A variety of styles of whips and floggers were there. In the center of the room was a pole that ran from floor to ceiling. She pushed me towards the pole. Operating the controlled, my hands were pulled up to the pole, stretching me taunt. I could feel my wrists trying to go even higher. My shoulders started to ache almost immediately. 

While I hung there, she walked around the wall, looking over the devices. She picked out two items that looked like some form of binder clips. She came back and rubbed her hands over the chest of my armor. The sensations were erotic and I could feel my nipples going erect underneath. Great. Sex without actual touching. She brought the clip up and I panicked. "Please no! Don't do this!" Ignoring me, she attached one of the clip's to my armor's right nipple. Pain ripped through my own nipple. It felt like it was being pinched off. She repeated the process with the left, causing even more pain. I was screaming out loud and she seemed to enjoy watching me scream.

After several minutes, the pain seemed to die down to a dull throb. She reached out and flicked the clips, sending another wave of pain through my breasts. She repeated the process several times. I was crying under the mask of the armor. Eventually, she wandered away again, no doubt to obtain another torture device. She returned with a whip of some sort. It was about three feet long and had a dozen or more strands at the end. It looked to be made of some sort of leather.

She did not start hitting me right away. She rubbed it across the pussy and clit on the suit. My body responded in spite of myself. My body was flushing and my pussy was lubricating itself. I was beginning to feel an emptiness in my cunt that was longing to be filled. She took a step back and, raising her arm, brought the whip down against the armor. This pain made the clips pale in comparison. I lost track of time after that as she kept on hitting and hitting. I stopped being a person and morphed into a bundle of screaming pain.

It stopped, but I was longer in coming to my senses. She was standing before me. "You are a remarkable specimen. I have thoroughly enjoyed myself and I thought I would return the favor." She purred as she reached down and started rubbing the crotch of my armor again. I don't understand how I could be responding so readily with all the residual pain. I flushed almost immediately and waves of pleasure competed with the pain. She flicked the clips while she caressed me (indirectly) causing both pain and pleasure to race through me. In spite of the pain, my arousal built up quickly. I was breathing quickly, moaning in desire and crying in pan all at the same time. As I reached a mind blowing orgasm, shame overwhelmed me. I could not believe that I was brought to climax by someone I was not attracted to while in the midst of pain. What was happening to me?

After my orgasm, she left me there and left the room. I don't know how long I waited before Mr. V. entered and let me down. He removed my armor and packed it in a case he had brought. "I see she was not satisfied with causing you pain. Did she order you to pleasure her in any way?"

It took me a few seconds to be able to answer. "No Master. She said she enjoyed hurting me so much, she was going to return the favor."

"Let's get you back to the room and clean you up. Can you walk?"

"Yes Master."

As we walked, I pondered my reactions. They still had me confused. "Master?" I asked.

"What is it?"

"I came when she masturbated me through the suit."

"That should not be surprising. That's what people do when sexually aroused."

"But she was causing pain too. How can I cum when there is so much pain? What is wrong with me?"

"I'm not sure I can answer that. It could be that prolonged exposure to Hydromel has left you prone to sexual excitement. It could also mean that your classification is accurate and you are a natural slave. It's not important why. Just understand that it's going to happen and don't let it bother you. It's your life now and you have to live with it."

"Yes Master."

Once we got back to the room, I noticed my virtual room on the table. He ignored it and took me to the bathroom were he had me clean myself up. After I was clean (but by no means refreshed) he told me to go to sleep, we would be getting up early in the morning and I would have to demonstrate my skill with the virtual room.

"I'm still not sure why you insist on using such an antiquated piece of equipment. I need someone who can analyze financial information accurately and find patterns as well as corruption."

"Why don't you hire a professional? Why did you need to have a slave who was once a professional."

"I am in an unusual business. Many of the people I deal with are like third world countries in the old earth days. Bribery is a way of life on these planets. I have found that sexual bribery is far cheaper than money and usually better received. Employees balk at some of the things that are asked for, slaves do not. But these planets are not on major trade routes for the most part, so we will be doing a lot of travel on private transports. Space is limited and I frequently cannot take more than one other person. Hence, my financial expert and my sex bribe must be the same person."

"I see. I'm to be a financial analyst who will be lent out to customers as needed for any sexual purpose they desire."

"Yes. Does that bother you?"

"I'm your slave Master. You've made it clear that I'm not allowed to have a problem with what you have me do. My free self would be appalled at the idea of being forced to have sex with total strangers just to make a business deal easier."
