 Chapter six Punishment

I was right. I was stiff as a board. My knees hurt and I had a kink in my neck. Master was still lying on the bed in the room. "Slave, suck me off."

I turned towards him and saw that he had awoken with his penis erect and glistening with precum. I bent over his reclined form and licked his cock a few tentative times. His precum tasted as good as I remembered from my free days (some orders would be easier to follow as a slave than others). It began to twitch in response to my attentions. Encouraged, I took long swipes at his penis from base to tip, eliciting moans from him as his already erect member got even harder. My saliva glistened on him and I felt myself becoming aroused as well. My pussy was getting wet and my nipples hard. My skin was flushing as my heart rate increased.

I caught his hand beginning to move towards my head out of the corner of my eye and I engulfed hi cock with my mouth. He cried out in pleasure, his hips thrusting up towards my mouth. His tip hit the back of my throat, but I did not gag, not even a little (I later learned that the shop owner had set the collar to neutralize that reflex and Master had never turned that function off). Encouraged by my increased ability to take a man all the way down my throat, I started bobbing up and down vigorously. I would raise up until only his tip was past my lips then slam down until my nose was buried in his pubic hair and his cock was partly down my throat, I wanted to fondle his balls as well, but he had never released my wrists from behind my back.

I could feel him on the verge of cumming when he grabbed my head and pulled my off of him, sitting up while he did so. This caused cum to splatter all over my face and chest. I started to lick up what I could reach when he ordered, "Stop. Don't do anything to clean up just yet. Let it set a little bit first."

Uhhg! That wonderfully warm semen was cooling on my face and tits, congealing on my body. Some of it dripped down my face and onto my legs and the floor. The same thing happened with the last few drops from his cock as he milked it out of hiself. He made me sit there for five minutes as the stuff cooled. Finally he ordered, "Clean up all of it. You are to eat every last drop, no matter where it landed," as he released my hands from their bindings behind me.

With some trepidation, I scooped up the now gelatinous goop and licked it off my fingers. As I feared, it no longer had that wonderful taste that I loved so much. It was a slimy yucky tasting gunk that I wanted to vomit up. It seemed, however, that I could not do so. Just as my gag reflex was gone, so was that reflex that caused me to upchuck nauseous things. After cleaning off my face, breasts and neck, I took his cock back in to clean that off as well. Lastly, I scooped the puddles that had dripped onto the deck and ate them.

While I could chalk up his actions to the usual levels of slave owner cruelty, I did not understand my own reactions. I should have been turned off by the whole gross affair, but I was even more aroused than I had been while I was sucking him off. My pussy was desperate for attention and were so taunt that they were sore. How does so foul an activity arouse me so well? With nothing to lose, I asked him, "Master, would you please give me an orgasm?"

"What do you think we are? Lovers? You are my slave and you exist solely to do my bidding. No I will not get you off. We have more important things to do. Now get up and go clean yourself up."

Dejected, I got up and left the cabin, heading for the shower facilities. Like most space ships, water was at a premium and not used for such extravagances as cleaning (some species don't even have the concept of bathing for cleanliness). It place of water was the usual sonic shower, using ultra-low frequency sound to strip external dirt away from the body.

Still horny as hell, I stepped into the sonic field and felt my arousal grow even more. My already sensitive body was being bombarded by subtle touches repeatedly all over. Desperate, I brought one hand up to my nipples, caressing and pinching them. My other hand dropped between my legs as I plunged two fingers as deep as I could into my pussy. As I fucked myself, the heal of my hand rubber against my clit, sending waves of pleasure crashing through me. As I neared climax, I switched hands so I could rub my breasts with my own juices, maximizing the sensations in my nipples. The pinching, thrusting and rubbing had its desired effect quickly as my orgasm washed over me, drawing a cry out of my lips.

I licked my juices from my fingers, savoring the taste before the sonics washed them away from me as well. Clean and satiated sexually, I returned to the cabin to find that Master was fuming. "Just what the fuck do you think you were doing. I told you to clean yourself up, not to get yourself off!" He knew! But how? "I don't understand. How...?"

"Stupid slut! You collar monitors you physiological condition and reports in any sudden changes. I recognized the affects of arousal and orgasm immediately. Such willful defiance will have to be punished."

Terrified, I dropped to my knees and pleaded with him, "Please Master, don't punish me. I was horny and not thinking straight. It won't happen again, I promise."

"Damn straight it won't happen again. After today you will never even consider defying me in anything again."

He pulled out the collar control while I was still blubbering and pleading with him and began programming it. At first, I didn't notice anything happening. Then my voice cut out. I couldn't talk! Then a spark of arousal flared through my arms that were touching the floor as I had prostrated myself. He had turned the Hydromel back on. The next thing that occurred was that pain flared through me. I jerked upwards and it stopped. What had he done? He must have seen the confusion and informed me, "I have released the Hydromel and set it to run continuously for the next 16 hours. I've also programmed the collar in inflict pain pulses on you if your hands come within six inches of your breasts or crotch. You have already noticed that I have rendered you silent. No one else aboard will no what is happening to you. You will learn to live with sexual frustration. As my slave, you will experience pleasure and release when I say you can, not when you do. Now continue with your regular duties. I want progress on that analysis by dinner. Now go on."

Well, this was not good. Sixteen hours on Hydromel and no ability to experience the orgasms the drug normally led to. Outside, I tentatively move my hand towards my pussy and was jolted with intense pain, so intense that I thought I would pass out. Of course, I couldn't, since the normal function of the collar keeps the slave conscious. I tried to walk in such a way as to minimize the amount of contact with my skin. My only hope for surviving this day was to minimize the levels of arousal I would be experiencing.

I got the virtual room out of storage and set it up in the galley again. While that area saw frequent crew traffic, it was the only area large enough for effective use that was not off limits to me. I had no doubt that I would find the source of the fraud in the planetary shipping contracts, it was just a matter of time and how much my punishment would interfere with my concentration. The arousal I had released in the shower was already beginning to reassert itself as the inevitable contacts between parts of my body occurred.

The motions needed to operate the multi-dimensional database were not helping either. I did not have time to reprogram the room's sensors, so there were times when the motions I needed to do involved contact between my arms and hands. Slowly, the inadvertent touches and the unavoidable ones brought me to a level of desperation. I was hot as hell and desperate for touch on my tits and pussy. My juices were dripping off of my cunt and down my legs. This just heightened the problem, as the slow drips of fluid led to further arousal under the influence of that drug.

In three hours, I was a wreck. I had looked at the same data for the fourth time and realized that I would be unable to go any further without some sort of release. I knew that if I somehow brought myself to orgasm in spite of the limitations, I would just earn more punishment. Anything would be better than this. Bracing myself, I slapped my hands against my breasts and cunt. Pain unimaginable shot through me. I think I collapsed to the floor in agony. For a few blessed seconds I was free of the constantly building arousal in my body, though the price was immense. Finally unable to stand it any more, I pulled away and made a glorious discovery. I wasn't aroused anymore! Apparently the intense pain levels had shut down the sexual excitement and left me sore from the cramps (a result of being in intense pain for almost a minute). 

As I stood up, the first tinges of arousal started again when skin contacted skin. Looking at the clock, I saw that I had been at it for just over three hours. At this rate, I would have to indulge in self inflicted agony four more times, maybe five more, to keep able to work for the rest of the day. It was doable, but I never wanted to be put through something like this again. I had already learned my lesson. I would never go around Master's back again, for anything.

It took another five hours work (and two more blasts of agony to end two more pleasure overloads) to find the source of the fraud. Being unable to give a verbal report, I prepared a data crystal containing the basic information. A data entry operator for a shipping warehouse had been falsifying the time stamps. This allowed the sale or purchase price for certain lots of commodities to be posted at the best price over a one to two hour period, while being reported at the price at the beginning of the discrepancy period. While each such incident garnered only a moderate amount of illicit profit for someone, the sheer number of occurrences spoke of immense profits.

The most curious part was that the price differences were not going to the account of the person changing the time stamps. It was going somewhere else, outside of the system, beyond the ability of this data to identify. All I had was an Orion bank account number. It would take more than I had at my disposal to determine who owned that particular Numbered Orion account. The most worrisome thing was the sheer volume of money involved. There were lesser planetary governments with budgets smaller than this. What was someone doing with all this money? Master was not going to like this at all.

Come to think of it, I had no idea what Master intended to do in this system, or why the fraud was so important to find. Some planets had laws that held slaves of criminals to the same punishment as their masters. I did not want to be sent to the penal colonies on Harvent to mine heavy trans-uranics for the rest of what would be my very short life. Yet, as a slave, I had no right to even ask about his intentions, let alone stop him from committing any crimes. I was in a pickle and someone out there liked sliced pickles on their sandwiches.

I returned to our cabin, where Master was studying something on his data pad. I handed him the data crystal report and waited for further instructions. He put the crystal in the data port, but looked at me and smiled. "You are one smart slave, and savvy as well. Many would not have considered self-inflicted pain to cancel the arousal, let alone have been brave enough to actually do it. I applaud your ingenuity and resourcefulness. I am making one change in your programming. If you decide to continue with this strategy, you will not be able to stop the pain for three full minutes. This is supposed to be a severe punishment. I don't care if its from extreme arousal or prolonged pain, but it will be severe. Now stand still until I say otherwise."

No problem. Standing still was one of the only tools I had to keep sexual excitement from increasing. If I could stand here, unmoving for the next eight hours, I would. Several minutes into his reading the report, he reached over and began to caress my legs. I couldn't help but gasp. If he kept this up for very long, I would be delirious with pleasure within the hour. He was inflicting as much skin contact on me in a few minutes as I had done inadvertently ion an hour. He began to question me about the report, asking for details on how the fraud was accomplished and what clues led me to the discovery. I tried to answer his questions in detail, but the more he ribbed me, the greater the difficulty I had in speaking coherently. More and more, my speech was punctuated by moans, groans and gasps. I eventually reached the point where I could not think or speak straight. I was barely able to stand up, the feelings of lust and arousal were so strong.

"Please, Master. I can't stand it any more. I'm begging you, let me cum."

"I told you before, slave. This is punishment. Now you can stand there and continue to suffer from extreme orgasm denial or you can do the only thing that will stop the pleasure overload. The choice is yours."

Oh God. He had me at unbearable in thirty minutes, when it took 2-3 hours when I was working. I was dripping juices down my legs. My pussy lips were engorged so much that they hurt. I could feel the tautness of my nipples as they sought for anything to touch them. My cunt felt like an empty hole that yearned to be filled. I was breathing in short ragged gasps that left my vision blurry. Anything would be better than this! With a cry of anguish at what I was going to feel, I slapped my hands against my cunt and tits.

Unbelievable pain shot through me, scouring my whole being with unremitting agony. I pulled away almost immediately, but his reprogramming held and the pain continued for an eternity, or so it seemed. It was like my nerve endings were being scraped raw by a scouring pad. The waves of pain swept over me just like the waves of an orgasm, but no where near as pleasurable. I don't remember falling, but When it stopped, I was on the floor, lying in my own shit and piss. It seems I had lost all control of my bodily functions. Blessedly, I was no longer aroused.

"Clean up the mess you've created, slave. I'll be back in fifteen minutes."

I used one of my modest outfits to clean up the mess and transport it to the toilet. Then I ran to the sonic shower, dropping the outfit in the ships cleaning station. I was able to get myself clean and back to the room in just ten minutes. In the hurrying, however, I had begun the arousal process in earnest. I positioned myself to avoid skin contact again and waited.

Master returned shortly, looked over the room and sat down on the bed again. He looked me over and then spoke to me. "I'm harsh with you for your own good, slave. I go to worlds that others will not go to for a variety of reasons. Usually those reasons have to do with the cultures on those worlds. Try to imagine what would happen to you if you brought yourself to orgasm on a world where the female orgasm was considered demonic."

I gasps at the very idea. "What kind of backward low life cultures are we going to? ... Master"

"You had better watch yourself, slave. These are not backward cultures, they are simply different. Yes we tend to think of our culture as the best, but these creatures, living in these 'backward' cultures think that way about their own. A female counterpart of mine was burned alive for just that crime because she was stupid enough to masturbate herself in the world I described. You have to trust me. You life depends on it. I only have three days to train you to follow my orders perfectly and without hesitation or complaint, whether verbal or in body language. Do you understand? Your defiance could cost you your life instead of just several hours of agony." He had apparently released my voice.

"Yes Master. If I may ask Master, why do you go to these worlds? They don't sound like they are even a part of the Federation."

"They're not. How do you think that technologically primitive worlds earn Protected status? The Federation Protectorate Board must be convinced that the worlds have something that is worth protecting. Every low tech world has some cultural quirk that Full members of the Federation find offensive. Don't let yourself be fooled. The Federation, for all the races in it, is not egalitarian. Frankly, as a society, we're bigots. We want other societies to be like us, to get rid of their quirks. My job is to see that those things that are unique in a society are not crushed by the pressure to gain membership. That federation law has to accommodate so many different legal codes is once evidence of my department's success. There were no slavery laws in the original federation. It was my department's work that brought the first slave societies in by finding something about them that was worth forcing the societies to purge themselves of their differences. That female coworker I mentioned. Her failure resulted in the planet she was working on being red zoned. Any vessel leaving the surface of that world will be summarily shot down by orbital defense satellites. I will not let your rebellious attitudes jeopardize my mission."

"Master, I had no idea. I will try to be better at obedience. I don't want to die."

"Slave, dying is not the worst thing that could happen to you. But, I will give you a chance to shorten your punishment. If you will activate the pain sequence again, I will shorten the length of the arousal punishment by one hour for every minute over two minutes that you remain in pain. But, if you do not stay in pain for two minutes, I will let the Captain have you again, under the effects of Hydromel, with instructions to not let you cum for the duration of the punishment. What do you say?"

What a choice. Eight more hours of inescapable erotic agony or the chance to trade a minute of agony for an hour of sexual torture. But try and fail, and the erotic agony would be infinitely worse. While I knew that I could survive the next eight hours, I did not want to go through them. I decided to take a chance and try for ten minutes of pain. "Master, I would like to try to shorten my punishment."

"Very well. Start when ever you're ready."

I braced myself against the wall and the bed, on the floor, took a deep breath and clasped my breasts as tightly as I could. Fire exploded in me, consuming me. I'm pretty sure I screamed, but I don't recall it. I tried to concentrate through the agony on clenching my breasts as hard as I could, so as to not accidentally let go. I had once touched a live power cell for a second. This felt like that pain, but magnified endlessly over and over again. I was oblivious to my surroundings as the pain overwhelmed my senses and became the whole of my existence. I had gone past not being able to take it. I wasn't even sure I could order my hands away from myself if I had tried. It just went on and on, never to end again.

When the pain stopped, it came as a jolt that was almost painful in its own way. I was covered in sweat and my muscles were all cramped.  My throat was raw and I could barely make a sound when I croaked, "H..o..w l..o..n..g"

"Ten full minutes I paralyses your sphincter and bladder muscles so you wouldn't soil the floor again. You need to work the cramps out or they will immobilize you for days." He extended his hand down and pulled my up. I cried out in pain again, as my limbs protested having to work. He put me on the bed and massaged my muscles until the cramps were undone. When the last of the pain ebbed away, I realized that I was not aroused at all. No more Hydromel. "Make yourself comfortable, I'm going to put you to sleep for the rest of the night Choosing the pain showed good instinct, and how you initiated it showed intelligence. We will need both from you in the months to come. Those and a sexual appetite that is second to none."
