 Chapter Seven: Orgy

For the next two days, I spent my time preparing a 'for dummies' version of the evidence I had found. It seemed that the people that needed convincing were not financial experts. It takes skill to make a virtual room presentation easily understood by a layman. I started by preparing two different programs. The first would show the raw data in an easier to understand format. I repackaged the original three dimensional spreadsheet into a normal two dimensional one, the kind that have existed since spreadsheets were first created. There were a lot of linkages between different portions needed with the loss of dimension.

The crucial part here was to make one of the dimensions time, not location. Most people, regardless of species, have an easier time thinking of locations as being separable from one another than points in time being separable (don't get me started on Whovians!). This would allow the viewers to track the activity at each shipment location through time and go back and forth between locations at the same time point

The second program was not a spreadsheet at all. I had the room program a virtual reality simulation (very primitive, no interaction, just viewing) that would display what was actually in each location AND what was reported to be in each location over time. This would give a graphic visual representation of the fraud that even a child could understand. With the virtual reality program backed up by the data sheet, the viewers would be able to track down the culprit themselves, so to speak. Of course, I had already done the work, they would just get the guided tour, so to speak.

At the end of the second day, I took Master through the presentation, sort of a dry run. He put the program through its paces, finding a couple of bugs that I had missed. I ended that day by fixing the bugs, lines of questioning I had not thought of. I was put to sleep again and woke up with the usual stiff muscles the next day.

"Slave, we're going to be coming out of Dolman space in a few hours. You need to be briefed on just who we will be dealing with. Both species have some societal quirks that will impact how we relate to them. Get cleaned up and meet me in the lounge."

"Yes Master."

After letting the sonic shower vibrate the kinks out of my muscles, I joined Master in the lounge (I'm not sure when we started thinking of it as the lounge instead of the galley). He indicated that I should eat, so I did, though the fourth straight day of reconstituted eggs and bacon was getting a little tiring. I was looking forward to getting on planet. I've always had a fondness for trying out alien foods.

After keying up a data hologram, he began, "The first planet is called Halsted, as are the people. As you can see, they look just like the centaurs old earth legends with an extra pair of hands on their equine torsos. Don't be fooled. They are neither horse, nor human, nor a cross between the two. They are an oviparous species, laying eggs and hatching young. While they have evolved out of the limitation of their females going into heat, as it were, females are totally in control of when sex occurs. Since sex between Halsteds always results in fertilization, the incident of sex between them is low.

"The major issue for us will be the male sex drive. It seems that males are aroused primarily female pheromones. So sensitive to these chemicals are they, that they can react to those given off by the females of other species, such as humans. This means that your very presence will excite all the males at the conference, whether we want them to be or not. I suspect that at some point in time, one or more males will proposition you."

"I assume Master, that you wish me to accept such a proposition?"

"Yes, but I'm going to arrange for all the males to be satisfied before the conference itself starts."

"Master, I'm not sure that I can physically handle such a large creature."

"Halsted has had over a century of contact with other species, most of which are physically smaller then they are. They have developed a vast array of 'devices' to assist with their amorous desires. There are two things to be aware of. First, those side hands will grasp you and do most of the thrusting. Don't fight them, those arms are strong enough to snap a quarter inch steel rod. Secondly, do not give them oral sex or swallow their ejaculate. Taken orally, their seminal fluid is poisonous to humans"

"Master, how large are their members?"

"I don't know. I do know that humans have had intercourse with them and lived, so they are not prohibitively large. You will have to deal with it as best you can. Most of the activity with the Halsted will take place before the conference, fortunately. A male is incapable of sexual activity for three days after having sexual release. My plan is for you to satiate all the males before the conference takes place. That will reduce tension and make them more amendable."

"How many are we talking about, Master?"

"There are supposed to be five from each planet at the conference, genders unspecified for the Halsted. You can handle five in one day?"

"I don't know Master. I would have to see what they are like. I may not be very responsive to the later ones, more a cunt to be used."

"That's fine, so long as they all climax."

Keying the hologram crystal again, he changed subjects, "The second planet is called Ixtlicit and the native species is called The Wren'kt."

At the image that came up, I blanched and almost lost my breakfast. It looked like a giant cockroach. Dear god, don't make me have sex with that.

"You need to not have that reaction when you see them for real. They are an insect species. They are still reliant on a breeding queen for reproduction. Our major problem will be that the males of their species are all unintelligent drones. This results in a tendency on their part to view other species' males as dumb. They have had enough contact with the Halsted and other races to realize that I, for example, am sentient. But, they still have deep seated sexual biases. The infertile females that will make up the committee members will repeatedly treat you like you are in charge. If I could have you pose as a moron, I would, but you have to give the report. That means that you must totally immerse yourself into your slavery. Under no circumstances can you show any initiative what so ever. They must be convinced that in spite of your intelligence, you can't survive without me."

"Master, wouldn't it be easier to pretend to be in charge?"

"I actually thought about that. There just isn't time to brief you on the delicacies of the negotiations. Even with the evidence we have, it will take all my skill in diplomacy to bring them to peace, especially given who the criminal is. The Wren'kt will have a hard time believing that an individual of their species will be capable of independent deception of the rest of the hive."

"I see. I have to be honest Master. I don't know how well I can pretend a level of subservience I don't really feel."

"You don't have a choice. One of the stipulations of this effort is that if the treaty fails, the negotiators will all be killed, including us. If you show independence in front of the Wren'kt, you will be signing our death warrant."

He had to be kidding! This was a life or death mission? Our lives and deaths? I acted some in school, but I never had this level of motivation before. At least with the Halsted, I could lose myself in the sex. I wasn't sure I could feign abject submission and dependence towards my Master. Fear took hold of me and did not let me go.

Coming out of a Dolman field is as unsettling as going in. We dropped out of the field and all the atoms in my body felt like they collapsed into a singularity for a split second. A physics major I dated in high school told me that's what actually happened, just not long enough to do any damage. I've always wondered how they were so sure of that. Once back into normal space, the Captain announced that we would be docking at the station in thirty minutes.

It turned out that the conference was taking place on a space station that served as a refueling depot for trade ships between the two planets. We docked in short order and exited the ship with our baggage. Waiting to greet us were a Halsted and a Wren'kt. The bug scuttle forward and extended an antenna towards me saying, "click weeep thrist drentl clock.", which translated as, "Welcome citizen Valenshenko. Make your mission be a success."

I shrunk back, an inborn revolt of bugs taking control. Master stepped forward and touched the antenna, "I am honored by your presence. The willingness of the Wren'kt and the Halsted to have me here is assurance of success."

The Halsted was much less formal, "It's a pleasure to meet you Mr. Valenshenko. I too, foresee a successful round of negotiations. Tell me, is your female companion available for sex?"

"She is not my companion, she is my slave and financial assistant. She will be made available to anyone wishing to use her after the reception tonight. As you can smell, she is sexually ready."

"That she is. I will have difficulty controlling myself until then, but if it must be, it must be."

Humiliation covered me as I was discussed so blatantly. I would never get used to this. I was not a sex object. Yet, I was excited as well. Even I could smell the beginnings of arousal coming from me. God only knew what it was doing to the Halsted. I could see what seemed to be his organ hanging below him. It was huge, probably ten inches long and a full inch around. And that was clearly not fully erect. If he grew like some human men I had been with, I could be dealing with a cock twenty inches long and almost two inches thick. How would I get such a large penis inside me? Even without the warning of poisonous semen, I would never dream of giving head to such a large cock.

As we were shown to our stateroom to prepare for the banquet, we, or perhaps I should say I was an object of interest. The Wren'kt looked at me like they were checking out the opposition. The male Halsted looked at me with lust clearly displayed. The female Halsted seemed to show relief when they saw me. I guess they knew that if I was available, they would have some relief from the advances of their males. Sort of like a harem slave being grateful for the rest she got when the 'new slave' showed up.

In our stateroom, I apologized to master, "I'm very sorry, Master. I could not help but shirk away from the Wren'kt. I have an irrational fear of bugs, and it extends to sentient species. I'll try to control myself better."

"Actually, slave, it might be best if you give in to that fear a little. I noticed when you pulled back, the Wren'kt ambassador ignored you from that point on. You inadvertently convinced it that you were weak and submissive. You will need to avoid panic reactions that could be taken as insults."

"Yes master. I think I can be afraid of them without being terrified, provided they don't try to force themselves on me."

"Good. The reception is in two hours. Pick out an outfit to wear, something that advertises your sexual availability. Once you have it laid out, you are to spend the next 45 minutes masturbating, but do not climax. I want your scent all over the banquet hall, enticing every Halsted male in the station. Do not clean up. I want you in full slut mode, ready and willing to take on anything with a cock."

"Yes master."

I went to the bag containing my clothes. Since my scent was important, I figured I needed something that would keep me aroused without sending me over the edge. There was a bright orange top, totally opaque, with little plastic nubs on the inside. When I tried this on in the store (was it only a few days ago?), the nubs rubbed against my tits, sending shivers of arousal through me. Wearing this for any length of time would have me so horny that I would fuck anything for relief.

To go with it, I selected a green thong that just covered my pussy (I had learned long ago that human color coordination was not alien color coordination). It would be soaked through by the time we had gotten fifty feet from the door, but that was what Master wanted. Now to the pleasant task at hand. I laid back on the couch and started to caress myself. Not wanting to go too fast, I started with my belly and thighs, barely making contact. Little electric shivers promised greater things to come as I touched myself so lightly that it would have tickled if it had been anyone else. Keeping this intentional denial up, I could feel my pussy begin to awaken to the possibility of penetration. My breasts heated up, the nipples firming a little, reaching out for a possible caress of their own.

I teased myself by just fingering the outer areas of my tits, but not moving close to my tips. I could feel a flush coming on, my body heating up in anticipation of wondrous feelings. My pussy was beginning to lube itself up, the aroma of my sex lightly tickling my nose while drops of fluid formed on and dripped off of my lips. That familiar ache in my cunt was growing, an emptiness that only something phallic could satisfy.

Licking my fingers, I began a probing assault on my nipples, tapping and flicking them with moisture. They responded with increased tension and hardness, daring myself to go farther. I took the dare and rubbed them harder, slicking them over with my own spit. As my tits got the attention they deserved, my pussy became jealous, aching for touch and penetration. I made it wait, making sweet love to my breasts, lifting them to my mouth where I could lick and nibble at them, overloading them with sensation.

Once my breasts were a bundle of energized nerve cells, I moved one hand south, teasing my pussy with a brief touch, just long enough to capture some of my own moisture. I licked it off of my fingers, devouring myself, savoring the taste. Again and again I feasted on my own cunt juice, inhaling the aroma deeply. When I could not stand the teasing any more, I started to caress my lower lips, reveling in the waves of pleasure that emanated from them. 

I was still empty, and gave in to my desires, plunging my fingers into myself, thrusting in and out. I was building towards a climax when I remembered that I was not supposed to cum. With a cry of despair, I pulled all the way out and let myself descend. I tasted myself yet again, sucking fluids off my fingers one by one with sensuous motions. Once the incipient orgasm was safely at a distance, I returned to my pussy lips, caressing and petting them again. This time I denied myself penetration and ignored my clit. This caused me to become highly aroused but plateau there, unable to go further without additional stimulation. 

I kept myself there for what seemed like an eternity, until Master called out, "Slave, you have five minutes to get dressed and ready. You've done a great job. I want to fuck you myself, but that will have to wait."

I think this is the first time I have gotten dressed, as it were, right after becoming so aroused, intending to soak my clothes with myself. One of the advantages, as it were, of being a slave with little to wear was it never took long to get dressed. I think I could live without that advantage if I had to. Smelling and looking like a bitch in heat, I followed Master through the station until we reached the banquet room. Storage room was more like it. No matter how you dress it up, a warehouse will always look like a warehouse. We were not the first ones there. Two Wren'kt approached and I moved to behind Master so he cold deal with them.

The larger of the two greeted Master "Ambassador Valenshenko. Welcome. The hive hopes that your trip was a pleasant one. I am Fourth of the Diplomatic Twelve and this is Third of the Financial Eight"

I lost the details of the exchange as I started at the name Third of Financial Eight. According to my data, she was the embezzler. I found myself staring at the creature, trying to see something different that would allow a hive member to act against the hive's interests. Social theory says that it is impossible for a sane hive member to act against the hive and that it is impossible to remain insane and hidden within the hive. With compound eyes, it isn't possible to tell where they are looking, but I got the impression that she was staring back.

There was something I could not put my finger on that seemed odd about Third. I was hoping that Master had noticed it as well. What galled me is that I'm sure that it was something I had encountered before. The itch in the back of my scalp told me it was an unpleasant encounter in the past. But how could I have encountered whatever was different about her if I had never met their species before.

The two bugs moved off, to be replaced by a Halsted couple, male and female. To my surprise, the female did the talking, mostly polite pleasantries and edging around conference business. I think she was trying to get a handle on what our presentation was going to be. She seemed nervous, but not about what she was discussing. Eventually she got to the point she had intended to talk about all along.

"Ambassador, may I be frank with you?"

"Please, do. We will have our fill of evasions and politeness tomorrow."

"I understand that the female with you is a slave."

"Yes she is. A Class Three on the Blanchetian scale"

"A Class Three! I assume she is proficient in the sexual arts?"

"Yes, she has served my needs and the needs of others quite well. She is very responsive and, you might say, eager to please males and females sexually. That she has other useful skills is a pleasant bonus."

It was even more humiliating to have my sexuality discussed so brazenly with a female that it was when just males were involved. I could feel the heat of a full body blush washing over me. It did not help that I was clearly aroused and feeling the need for sexual attention. I was actually looking forward to the night's planned fucking session with more than just trepidation. Having my body confirming their comments is just not fair.

"Citizen Gothrack informed me that you intended to make her available for use to the members of the conference. Is this so?"

"Yes it is. I felt it would help start the conference on a positive note. That the participant's attention will not be split is a side benefit."

"I'm sure it is. A side benefit, that is. I was hoping that she would be available to more than just the conference attendees. Station moral may suffer somewhat if the crew sees that highly placed diplomats get to benefit from their positions unfairly."

I looked up at Master, fear showing on my face. The entire crew? That could be dozens of creatures. How could I possibly screw so many creatures, all so much larger than I was. As far as I knew, I was only going to have one night and I had to present a complex report in some detail afterwards.

Master looked at me, frowning at the expression on my face. I tried to hide it before anyone else noticed. His eyes told me that I was in trouble, that there would be punishment of some sort when he had the time to spare.

"Unfortunately, I have need of my slave in her other capacities tomorrow and during the rest of the conference. Having her serve the entire crew would be a prohibitive use of her time. I could allow a few crew members access. Perhaps you could set up a lottery of sorts, allowing perhaps three members of the crew to join in the 'festivities' tonight?"

"I see. That is a reasonable compromise. She can handle seven males in one night?"

"I see no difficulty in that. She is quite good."

No difficulty. Maybe not for him. He wasn't doing the fucking. Seven massive cocks in my cunt in rapid succession, each one cumming, perhaps for the first time in weeks. I was going to be sore and grossly stretched for days.
