 Chapter Nine: Stolen

The next two days were delightfully uneventful. After my forced orgasms during the conference, a break from sexual duties was welcome. Master spent the time putting the finishing touches on the treaties and arranging for our trip to Ixtlicit. I had to take care of some of the more routine tasks that slaves are given. Just before dinner on the second day, Master entered our room and called me over to his chair.

"Slave, we will be going to Ixtlicit tomorrow morning. It took some explaining as to why you wished to go. I think you should be prepared for atypical reactions to your expression of sympathy."

"I understand Master."

"There is a second reason for our visit. The Wren'kt wish to learn more about the Federation. As you know, they are a species that still depends on a queen for reproduction. The species on the planet has 27 distinct hives with queens at the head. They have very little understanding of races with universally sexual females. Their experience with the Halsted has not enlightened them much, as Halsted females are not prone to get pregnant just so their neighbors can observe sex."

"I see. Our new protectorates wish to observe human sex."

"It's more than that, they do want to observe human sex, but they wish to observe extra species sex. In the spirit of interspecies cooperation, I have agreed to allow your participation in their experiments."

"I understand, Master. May I ask the nature of the experiments?"

"There are three they wish to conduct. They wish to observe sex between two humans. That will be you and I. I hope that will not be too unpleasant."

"I think I can suffer through it Master." I said with grin.

"The second experiment involves Hydromel. They wish to observe its effects on a human woman, both in terms of the visible effects on you and the medical effects on your body. To facilitate the medical scans, you'll be strapped down and stimulated in a variety of ways. One of the goals of the research is to determine how long sexual arousal can be maintained. Hence, you'll be denied orgasm until the medical scanners determine that you cannot physically handle the denial anymore."

"Master, please! You don't know what it's like to be under Hydromel. It's maddening. All that pleasure with no release, building and building. I can't handle it, it'll drive me crazy."

"Slave, I've seen you in extreme sexual situations before. Your capacity for pleasure is much greater than you expect. Besides, I'm not asking you, this is an order, Master to slave. If you don't want to be punished, you'll do as you are told."

I sighed. It was just three days ago I had told Master that I was a slave and that I knew that he would order me to do things that I would not like to do. "Yes Master. Will you be present?"

"No. They wish to have their tests unbiased by the presence of the familiar. The third test will be the hardest for you. They wish to observe sex between a human female and a Wren'kt drone."

"NO!" I fell at his feet, kissing in supplication, begging him, "Master, I'm terrified of insects. Don't make me do this, please."

"Slave! Sit up straight, arms behind your back!"

I jerked at his commands. I knelt up straight, with my knees spread apart and my hands clasped behind my back. "Yes Master."

"You will have sex with a Wren'kt drone, you will not ask or plead to avoid it and you will hide your disgust while it is happening. Have I made myself clear?"

Sobbing, fear overwhelming my senses, I choked out, "Yes Master. Master, may I be under the effects of Doplamil during that test?"

"No, Slave. They need to see how humans react to the experience. They feel that they are at a disadvantage in the galactic stage because of their dependence on queens and drones for reproduction. If they can find a way to make the infertile females fertile, or keep drones from dying as a result of mating, they can increase their reproductive rates. Hydromel is the first drug they want to investigate as to whether it can activate the dormant ovaries in females. If drones can mate with another species, their semen can be recovered and they can deposit multiple times, increasing the number of fertilized eggs tremendously. I think Hydromel will be a wash. It is designed to increase sexual pleasure, not affect reproduction. If the drone experiment is successful, there will be plenty of women who are 'worldly' enough to submit to such a procedure for the right incentive."

"Let them be test subjects." I muttered under my breath, though apparently not under enough.

"That will be enough. Slave, when I say not to complain, I mean it. You'll spend the rest of the night in pain."

He picked up the collar control and pushed some controls. My head burst into pain, a migraine coming on in an instant. I went to grab my temples and I couldn't. My hands had been immobilized behind me. I couldn't stand either. I was pinned in my kneeling position, my head on fire and my eyes opened. I could blink about once every five seconds, but could not shut them against the light that made the pain infinitely worse.

"Master, I'm sorry. It's just so hard, you're asking me to face a phobia in the most dramatic way possible. I promise, I'll control myself tomorrow. Please have mercy on me."

"I know what I'm asking of you. I would not ask if I didn't know that you could do it. You are more capable than you give yourself credit for, especially when it comes to sex. I've set the migraine to turn off in one hour, increased by five minutes for every minute of sound you make. I would suggest you keep absolutely quiet for the next hour."

Do you have any idea how hard it is to not vocalize your pain when you have a migraine? My early attempts were not successful. Moans kept escaping as I struggled with the pain and the blinding light in my hyper-sensitive eyes. I only managed to pull it off when I opened my mouth and panted. Fully open, I made no noise to speak of and I was able suffer in silence. My migraine lasted total of one hour and 15 minutes. When the pain finally subsided, I had been concentrating so hard that I cried out in pain at the lack of pain, if that makes any sense.

"Slave, you did very well. The same strength of will you bring to enduring your punishment is the strength that will enable you to endure what you will go through over the next two days. You told me that you trusted me that my mission was important. This is an important part of it. I don't believe that anything will come of their attempts to increase their reproductive rates, nor is it necessary. Their rates are already superior to most other species, as is the norm for hive species. Their problem is actually that their worker females are extremely difficult to train in new skills, also common in hive species. Like most species, they have pride and will need to make these discoveries on their own. Our willingness to assist them in their efforts, even when we believe that they will be futile, will go far to generate friendship. I need you to do this."

"Yes, Master. I'm frightened though. Extreme Hydromel exposure and sex with an insect. I'll let you down. I don't want to let you down."

"I have faith in you. The woman who discovered the hole in frames of reference and survived an orgy with five Halsted can handle what is to come. It speaks well that you are worried. That worry will be a source of strength."

"I hope your confidence is justified, Master."

"It will be. Go to sleep, you'll need all your strength tomorrow."

"Master, I'm really tense. Would you put me to sleep?"

"Yes, Slave. Make yourself comfortable."

I lay down and was turned off. I woke up the next morning, fully rested. Master was dressed and had cooked breakfast himself. "Slave, join me for breakfast. I'm curious to see which of us is the better cook."

His meal smelled fantastic. It tasted just as great. I had the feeling that cooking was not going to be one of my regular duties. I had never had cheese on top of a meat stuffed green eggplant before, but it was fabulous, with an extremely strong spicy flavor that makes your eyes water in a pleasurably painful way. "Master, I'm not sure who's the better cook. We're going to have to have several more comparisons, don't you think?"

"I would have to agree. It will be a pleasurable contest, though."

After breakfast, we took a shuttle to the planet. The flight was very uncomfortable, Wren'kt ships having nothing in the way of seats. The intelligent cockroaches simply lay on their bellies when the ship as in motion and Halsted never sat, but stood at all times. In their less advanced ships, it took 16 hours to reach the surface, instead of the five I would have been used to.

Ixtlicit is a jungle world, hot and humid. I was grateful to not be wearing any clothes. It seemed odd that a world with an insect as the dominant species had nothing in the way of small insect pests. I was unsure whether this was because of superior pest control of the elimination of competing species in their prehistoric past. We were met on the landing field by two Wren'kt. One greeted me through a translator.

"I understand your name is Slave, slave. Is there a reason that you bear your status as a name?"

I knelt before her in supplication, "Ma'am, my Master has a sense of humor. I earned my name recently but did not wish to be known by my previous free name as a slave, so he named me Slave."

"We are still attempting to understand this concept of humor. Much of it seems to depend on creating one expectation and then presenting another response. This humor seems to be different. Can you explain it?"

Everyone knew if you had to explain a joke, it was too late. Still, they were trying to understand. "This type of humor depends on using a word in a way that it was never intended to. Imagine if I were to ask you if your name was cockroach. That's a small scurrying insect from my home world that you resemble on a superficial basis. That would be funny."

"I do not understand."

"Humor is one of those things that you either understand or you don't. It will take more time and ability than I have to explain it."

"I have another question. Why are you on your knees in front of me?"

"I am a slave, a subservient person who is owned like property by other beings. As such, it is inappropriate of me to place myself in a position of equality with my Master. I am on my knees because to do otherwise would be to mislead you into thinking that I was my Master's equal."

"I see. I will take you to Financial Eight. From there, I believe that you have agreed to assist our scientists in their research."

"Yes I have." I lied. I was ordered, I did not agree.

We were led to a small structure in the heart of the city. Inside, our guide introduced us to seven Wren'kt that were going about their duties, whatever they may have been. She whistles and chirped in their own language and the seven assembled before us.

"Slave, this is Financial Eight. Members of Financial Eight, this slave is the expert that uncovered the enslavement of Third. She desires to express feelings to you of some sort."

I was on. Unsure of how I would be receives, I stepped forward and knelt again. "Financial Eight, I wish to express my sorrow and regret that Third had been infested with a Voratex crystal. I am especially saddened that the removal of the crystal resulted in the loss of her ability to join with the hive. I wish that my discovering her infestation had not resulted in her death."

"I am First of Financial Eight," said one of the bugs. "It is truly unfortunate that our sister was removed from the hive in such a violent manner. Our Eight is shortened and will function at lesser efficiency. Why are you saddened? We are not of your species."

"I care and am saddened because your species is a race as deserving of respect for life as any other. One of the principles of the Federation is that all sentient life is deserving of respect. There are individuals that reject that, but they are not the norm." I took a chance that honesty would be respected her and continued, "In spite of an irrational fear of insect creatures, I am saddened and angered that members of my Federation would treat you with such callous disregard. I do not now what I can do, but I will do what I can to see that those who perpetrated this abomination on Third are brought to justice."

"Your honesty is a refreshing change from the usual interactions we experience from the hiveless. We perceive your fear, and wish that it were otherwise, but your willingness to respect and show kindness to what you fear is commendable. If the Wren'kt can assist you in your quest for justice, call upon us. We will be there."

Our guide spoke up, "I know you have your own name, and as his slave, it is inappropriate for use to change your name. But we wish to give you and your Master a naming among the Wren'kt. Your Master shall be called First of the Justice Two and you shall be called Second of the Justice Two."

Master bowed and replied, "We are honored by the Naming you have bestowed upon us. May we live up to such high honors. We are ready to proceed to the science division now."

The science division was apparently some distance away, and were provided with a ground transport for the journey. This was very disconcerting as the driver kept up speeds of close to 200 kilometers per hour through busy streets and expressways. I learned later that they navigated, not by sight, but by a sense that we don't have, akin to radar, but that operated through solid barriers. Science not being my strong point, I never understood how it worked, just that it did and it was unrelated to anything human.

Once there, we were told that the observers would be ready in about half an hour. Master took that time to comment on the meeting and to brief me. "Slave, I'm impressed. Your instincts are in fine fettle. I can see why your negotiating skills were so highly prized. This Collin fellow did your former employers a real disservice by depriving them of you. Did you know that they could tell when you were lying?"

"No Master, but I am aware that insects from our worlds have senses beyond ours and it occurred to me that they might be able to do so."

"Very good. I've never heard of aliens being given a naming before. Our mission here may well be a greater success than originally though. Our first test is the observation of human sexual activity. We will be engaging in sexual activity before a large audience and recording devices. They wish to observe reproductive sex, so our primary relations will be ordinary intercourse, with the usual 'warm up' activities. I have explained that there is normally a passage of time between sexual unions among our species. That will mean a two hour break for you, before you are tested in the second manner. I will give the auto-injector a time delay, as they do not wish my presence from the time you rest to the end of the second tests. The third test is scheduled for tomorrow."

"Yes Master, I understand. After talking with Financial Eight, I think I'm more ready to consent to the tests freely, as opposed to having been ordered. These are good creatures, even if they give me the willies. I want the best for them."

"Excellent."

A Wren'kt came out to get us and lead us to the experiment room. Inside was a bare room with a single bed (I wondered how they managed that). I could detect numerous recording devices located at every possible angle to the bed and glass observation booths on three of the walls, raised up about 15 feet. A voice sounded, mechanical, clearly from a translator.

"Please start the sexual activities whenever you are ready. Remember that we wish to observe the full range of sexual contact between members of your species, not just those activities that are directly related with reproduction."

Master had taken off his clothes while the voice spoke, probably because the 'rituals' of undressing would be totally alien to a species with exoskeletons. I didn't understand why I was feeling inhibited. I had had sex with other creatures while being observed before and had not had difficulty becoming aroused. Why was this time different?

Master took me in his arms and caressed my back lightly. I tensed up, not feeling any pleasure at all. "Slave, what's wrong?" he whispered.

"I don't now Master. I feel uncomfortable. I don't understand it. The sex part of my duties has never been this much of a problem before."

"Close you eyes. You're in the slave shop on Branchet and you've been given a dose of Hydromel. How do you feel?"

"Oh God! Hydromel! I can't help but be aroused. The drug is forcing my pussy to get wet and my nipples to harden. I so want the touches and dread them. I'll be driven to unimaginable heights of pleasure in short order, denied orgasm for ah hour of more."

As I spoke, I felt arousal starting, just a little. There was a tingling all over my skin and it felt like little electrical sparks where ever Master touched me. As the tension eased and changed to a new, more pleasant tension, I responded to Master's touches with some of my own. I clasped him back and ran my hands down his back and buttocks, leaning into his chest, kissing neck. He pulled my head back and kissed my lips, first gently, but with increasing pressure, until he forced his tongue into my mouth. Once in, our tongues danced with each other as our hands continued to caress each other.

I broke off our kiss and bent down to his chest, licking at his nipples, gently pulling at the with my teeth. Master groaned at the attention, holding my head close. He reached between us and rubbed my belly, circling near my breasts without actually touching them. My nipples perked up in anticipation of further attention and my cunt tingled with a promise of good times just around the corner. I could feel Master's cock hardening between us at my attention.

Master backed me against the bed, lying me down on it. Sitting down next to me, he began to caress my legs with one hand while his other. My own hands reached out for his chest, caressing it and trying to pull him towards me, but he held himself back and me down, frustrating me. He steadfastly stayed away from my increasingly frustrated pussy and tits. I was going past early arousal to full blown hot. My pussy was wet and my nipples were as hard as rock. I needed more, I wanted more, but he wouldn't give me more.

"Master, please, more, I need more. My pussy, my tits, please play with them, Master."

He climbed on top of me, hovering over me on his knees, his hard cock resting lightly between my legs. Bending over me, he brought his mouth down to my tits, licking them with slow broad strokes. I arched my back, bringing myself closer to him, increasing the contact and sensations. My hands groped at him, running down his chest, reaching his cock and grasping it. His cry caused him to bite my nipple, drawing a corresponding cry from me.

I wrapped one hand around his cock and the other around his balls, squeezing and rubbing them with a decided lack of gentleness. His moans against my breasts were wonderful, driving me higher and higher. When he was close to orgasm, I let him go and pushed gently against his chest, clearing his cock from my body, forcing it to subside just enough to stave off his climax. Once he had withdrew from potential orgasm, he leaned up and grasped my hands and pinned them above my head, lying on top of me. 

"Do you know what you are, Slave?" he asked with a growl.

"I'm you slave Master, your helpless slave."

"You're a slut! You're a wonton slut aren't you?"

"Yes! Yes, I'm a slut. Fuck me Master, fuck me please!"

"No. You're not ready. Whose slut are you?"

As I answered, "Yours Master, I'm your slut." He was licking and nibbling at my ear. One hand reached down and caressed my pussy, gently running his fingers over my saturated lips. I was gasping in pleasure, forcing my answers between moans and deep breaths.
