 My screams echoed off the walls of the science facility as I was dragged upwards to the roof. The two cloaked figures were different species, judging from their hands. One appeared to be human, while the other had a feline appearance to his hands. They seems unconcerned about my screaming. From the lack of reaction in the Wren'kt around me, they had little to worry about.

On the roof, they had a flier, a Godson mark 5, if my memory was correct. The mark 5 was designed for police departments and had a capture cage in the back section. They placed me there, secure in the knowledge that I would be unable to escape from the tractor field that encapsulated the walls. A pale white gas entered the cage and I recognized the odor of kelcorin. It dawned on me that they had no idea that I had been rendered unable to pass out by Master. Hoping to learn something, I pretended that the gas was working on me normally, slumping to the ground and acting unconscious.

They didn't speak during the trip. I knew we weren't leaving the planet, at least not yet since the mark 5 had no vacuum capability. Unfortunately, I had no ability to judge distance or direction accurately, so our destination remained a mystery. I knew that kelcorin, also known as pacigas, would only knock someone out for an hour, so I could time my feigned unconsciousness.

We left the spun steel buildings of the hive and entered the wilderness areas. I remembered from my briefing on the planet that the Wren'kt, while they evolved in the wilds, had little ability to survive there. Their survival has always been a result of large numbers of individuals working together. Individuals did not have enough skills to 'live off the land' as it were. This made wilderness areas perfect for alien infiltration.

It only took half an hour to reach a clearing, one that had clearly been made, not grown. While there was no tarmac, this was clearly a landing field for spaceships. My situation was getting worse. If we had stayed on planet, I was sure that Master could track me with his control pad. It's monitoring of my vitals, even if not intended for the purpose, would be easily converted into a tracking beacon. Off planet, I would be out of range. While the prospect of being someone else's slave was daunting, the more immediate problem was my inability to sleep. It was never intended for long term use and I would still suffer all the debilitations of sleep deprivation, including eventual insanity.

We landed and I was moved to a scooter and taken to a well disguised lift. The decent was fast and long, indicating great depth. I was unceremoniously dumped in a room with a single bed, the door audibly locking behind me. I stayed 'unconscious' for the remaining 20 minutes and woke up from the gas on time. I hoped that they did not intend to keep me here for any significant length of time. The room, except for the bed, was totally bare, not even a crude toilet. Things could get messy.

I stank. The smell of sex was heavy in the air, most of it mine. I wondered if I was going to be allowed clean up at all. It seemed strange that they would go to all the effort to kidnap me and then leave me alone. I thought back to how it had happened. One of the Wren'kt scientists had been under the control of a Voratex crystal and had arranged to hand me over during the two hour window when Master was away from me. That was plain, but there was something unusual in the whole affair. She had taken the time to complete both their experiments (the mental picture of that Wren'kt drone sent shivers through me again). That should have been impossible. Voratex control is supposed to be perfect. Given an order, there should have been nothing that interferes with it. The delay meant that either the kidnappers had allowed them to complete their experiments, or Twelfth had some degree of autonomy in spite of the crystal. This could be big, if I could get the information out.

It was a full hour before someone came to my cell (I did check the door). A human man opened the door with a pistol drawn. While it was a low tech projectile thrower using explosives to propel a shaped metal slug, it was still quite effective at killing. I had to smile, however, at the idea that he would need that level of protection from a naked woman such as myself, who massed half his mass and had no combat training (I was regretting certain college course choices right now). He did not talk, but waved his gun down a corridor and I walked ahead of him.

We were only a few doors from his destination, another door. Inside, I was sat in a chair in the center of the room. Cloth straps were tightened around my wrists and ankles, trapping me. A table was in front of me with another low tech device, an incandescent lamp. I could only chuckle at the total lack of imagination. Bright lights? Immobility? Whoever these people were, they had been watching too many period melodramas on the holovid. This was straight out of old earth spy dramas, the kind you could only laugh at. I supposed that if I didn't 'break' that they would threaten me with gang rape. Puhlease. I've been a slave used for sex, had fucked horsemen, amoeba, and bugs. There wasn't much that was going to bother me. Hell, other than the bug, I'd enjoyed it all.

Others entered the room. There were three of them, all in those robes they seem to like. I wondered if it was some type of uniform or if they were really concerned about being identified. The light was turned on and pointed directly at me. My one and only bio-enhancement kicked in, though I squinted anyway. My eyes dropped a glare filter over my lenses, designed to allow me to work on planets with overly bright suns without sunglasses. But, why let them know what I was capable of?

"Susan Melnin, do you know why you are here?"

"My name is not Susan Melnin."

"You were not born on Valcrue, 34 standard years ago to George and Martha Valcrue?"

"Yes I was, but that is not my name now."

"What is your name?"

"Slave."

"Your owner named you Slave?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"You'll have to ask him. Give me a communicator and I will ask him."

"Your insolence will get you killed!"

The person sitting next to him put a hand on his arm, calming him. He took over the speaking, "Slave. What can you tell us about Brusjin Valenshenko's plans."

"Nothing."

"If you don't cooperate, we can force it. You are no longer his slave, you are ours and must comply with your wishes."

They so picked the wrong person to try that on. "Actually, that is not true. I was enslaved under Brachetian law and those laws are the ones that apply. By those laws, I am stolen property, still rightfully belonging to my owner. Branchetian law also specifies the penalty for stealing a slave as enslavement, as a class three, I believe. So, no, I don't have to do as you say." That last part about class three was made up, but they obviously didn't know that.

"We can still force compliance."

"No you can't, not with anything short of a Voratex crystal."

"You have no idea what we can bring to bear on you."

"No, I don't. But I do know what Master has brought to bear on me and I doubt that you're little low tech operation with its b-grade holovid rip offs can match his idea of punishment. What little I know of my Master's mission tells me that it is good, or at least not evil. Betraying him to a bunch of two bit thugs is not going to happen. You should return me now and maybe you can avoid charges. Oh, and I wonder what Wren'kt law says about kidnapping hive members. Did you know that we were adopted into the hive?"

The third one stood, "This will get us nothing. The slave has not been properly trained. Return her to her cell. Holroid will be here in the morning. He will find out what she knows."

I was returned to my cell by the same guard with the same unnecessary gun. There was nothing to do but pretend to sleep. I wondered who this Holroid was and why they were so confident that he would be able to find out what I know. Of course, not knowing anything of importance made that prospect not very worrisome. The only reason I resisted as much as I had was that I wanted to give them no satisfaction. I have always had an excellent sense of passing time, so I knew that the excitement started two hours later.

The gunfire was a shock. A combination of explosions from the projectile weapons and the high pitched whines of lasers echoed off the corridors and into my room. Glad for my cell, all I could do was wait and see who actually won, and for that matter, who was fighting whom. Thirty minutes passed before the door opened, revealing a Wren'kt, though I was unsure at first. It turned out that she was wearing body armor. Seems unusual for a species with an exoskeleton to develop body armor, but it was certainly effective.

"You are Second of the Justice Two?"

"Yes I am. Is First of Justice Two with you?" I asked, using Master's Wren'kt name.

"No. He awaits your return at the hive. I am First of Infantry Thirty. The bandits have been exterminated and it is safe for your unprotected person to leave. Will you come with me?"

"Yes."

She led me past the dismembered bodied of the kidnappers and a few Wren'kt bodies. Whoever these people were, they were a ragtag bunch. Several races, all humanoid, or at bipedal, were represented. Who were they and what did they want? Why bring me to a remote landing pad and then not take me off planet? I supposed it wasn't terribly important. There was a large armored transport, again without any seats. This ride was not as rough as the shuttle trip from the station. We arrived at the hive in an hour.

Exiting the shuttle, I saw Master and my heart leapt for joy. I ran to greet him, throwing my arms around him and burying my head in his shoulder. "Master, I'm so glad to see you. I thought I had been lost to you forever."

"No, Susan, I would peel the planet's crust off to find where you had been taken. You are too special to me to lose. Come, I want to celebrate your return."

Master led me back to the room we had while we were here. He cooked a scrumptious dinner from local foods. I felt right with the universe, in the place where I was meant to be. After dinner, I approached Master, kneeling before him. "Master, may I please you in bed tonight?"

"Yes you may Susan. Go on ahead and wait for me."

I jumped to my feet and ran to the bedroom, kneeling on the covers, anxious to show Master just how happy I was to back with him. Just thinking of him was arousing me. My whole body heated up and my breath became deep and labored in the waiting. When he came in, my heart leapt to my throat. He was both handsome and beautiful, standing in the doorway in his own nakedness. "Master." I whispered.

"Susan. I expect your best ministrations tonight."

"Yes, Master," I breathed, "your pleasure is my only concern."

He came and sat down on the edge of the bed. I moved up next to his back, my arms circling around his chest, running my hands through the hair on his chest and pushing my breasts against his back. I started kissing the back of his neck, moving around to his chest, my hair falling over my head to drape his shoulder. He turned his head to my side, giving me access to his mouth, letting me kiss him passionately, my tongue trying to rape his mouth. His hands held my head in place for several minutes while I tasted his mouth and inhaled the perfume of his natural aromas.

I pulled him back, moving to lie beside him so I could give more attention to his chest. I kissed his nipples, gently scraping them with my teeth. He moaned at this attention and I repeated it, nipping a little harder, pulling cries of pleasure from him. I worked my way down his chest, licking at him and making a trail of little love bites from his nipples to his navel. My own arousal was growing as well, my nipples hardening and my cunt moistening. I knew I would want him inside me soon.

I could see his cock, hard and oozing fluid at the tip. I brushed a finger against it, capturing the drop and bringing to my tongue. The taste was better than dinner and he throbbed each time I swiped a taste off of it. These little teasing contacts were causing him to squirm underneath me and moan loudly. Wanting more, I gently pulled at his cock, being rewarded with a jerk and a line of precum across the back of my hand. I raised myself up and licked it sensuously off of myself where he could see.

I could smell my own scent, my juices flowing liberally from my cunt. I climbed off of him and lowered myself onto his shaft. The full feeling was exquisite and I was barely able to control myself to slowly fuck him four or five times, before getting back off. Then, turning around, I licked myself off of his cock, savoring the mixture of my pussy juice and his precum. I did this over and over, never providing enough stimulation to bring him to climax, causing him to get even harder, so hard that his moans carried a hint of pain as well as the ecstasy he was feeling.

On my last time with my head in his crotch, I him entirely into my mouth, enjoying the sweet sound of his crying out in need. His jerked in my mouth and began to thrust his hips up into my face. As he was beginning to cum, I used an old prolonging trick and squeezed the base of his cock hard, letting a fingernail embed itself slightly. Master screamed out the agony of delayed pleasure. He tried to pulse his cum into my mouth, but the barest trickle made it out of his balls. Holding the base tight, I milked what little there was, smacking my lips loudly, and held back until he stopped throbbing in my fingers.

I didn't give him a chance to soften, licking his head anew. His cock, sensing a second chance, returned to its former hardness and I climbed on top, this time for the long haul. I used a combination of up and down movements, taking his cock out to the tip and plunging it back in to the hilt, with rocking motions, twisting my pussy walls against him. I brought my hands to my clit, rubbing it for all I was worth, wanting to let him feel the quaking inside of me when I came. We were both crying out, neither wanting the loving teasing to go on for any longer. I came first, screaming and slamming myself down on him, shudders wracking my body. My cunt was pulsing, much like his cock had and that was the last stimulation he needed, his cock throbbing with vigor, making up for the earlier loss. I could feel his cum pouring into me in pulse after pulse. I collapsed onto his chest and rolled over to his side.

He leaned over and kissed me lightly on the cheek. "You are wonderful. I shall have to make use of you myself on a more regular basis."

"I would like that very much Master. Master?"

"Yes Susan."

"Why? Why did they take me like that? All they asked was what your plans were."

"They may have confused you for someone else. It's not like my plans are not a matter of public record. I travel and assist worlds in their attempts to gain membership in the Federation. My personal agenda is no secret, I believe they should enter with their own societal norms intact."

"That doesn't seem worth the danger of kidnapping a Branchetian slave."

"It's not. With all of them dead, we may never know."

{That's enough. The slave doesn't know anything. Disengaging.}

Master and the bedroom melted away like wax. I looked around in confusion. I was in my cell again. There was a man, sort of, standing over me. His head had a glowing crystal in the forehead, a Mentat crystal! I moaned in despair at the realization that the entire rescue had been a psychic illusion. That's why Master called me Susan instead of Slave. Psyche illusions always draw upon one's own perceptions of the world. I still wanted to be free, so my identity was the free Susan Melnin, not the captive Slave. There were other implications that I would have to sort out later.

"Guard!"

The guard opened the door and looked in.

"Prepare her for implantation. Her only use is as a spy. Make sure she is unconscious."

"Yes, sir."

He took a hypospray and pressed it against my arm, causing it to hiss. I caught a glimpse of the vial inside the medical gun, kelcorinal, the medicinal version of kelcorin. I feigned sleep, grateful for Master's insistence that I learn self control. My life may well depend on it. I let myself go limp, stifling my resistance as I did when the Rax captain attempted to link with my nervous system. I was carried, quite unceremoniously, to a room with a single medical exam table in it. 

This room had none of the low tech gear that I had seen earlier. It occurred to me that they may have put up a incompetent front to lull victims into carelessness. I heard a voice, "Activate the restraining web, full coverage." I made sure my eyes were cracked, knowing I would be unable to do so once a full web was in place. The faint tingle of the field covered my whole body, making it unnecessary to hold still. 

The speaker, I assume, walked in front of me. This was not good. He was wearing one of those robes, this one with the hood down, revealing the ceremonial headband with the tricolor trifecta symbol of the organization that most write off to conspiracy legends. He was a member of the Hellfire group. Manipulators of unsurpassed ability, they sought power in all its forms. Rumors had it that they were the cause of five different wars, numerous assassinations, every major economic depression in the last 500 years and the high price of tea in China (okay, the last was a joke, but these were bad guys with capitol B and G). Why were power brokers interested in a Class Three slave? Or were they after Master?

"She is ready. Bring the crystal."

NO! That could only mean one thing. I was to be implanted with a Voratex crystal! Death would be preferable, but I had no choice. The restraining web held me so immobile that I could not even scream. I saw the dual crystal brought in on an antigrav cart. A technician wearing thick gloves cut the crystal along the joint, separating the smaller from the larger. He carried the smaller piece over to me and set it on my chest. There was a shooting pain as it sank into my body. I cold feel it squeezing between my ribs, migrating up my neck and down to the back of my skull. There was a dull throb and then my body went crazy.

My breathing sped up, slowed down, stopped and then restarted. My vision went bad, good, strange and settled. I cold feel my heart race, beat irregularly, slow, stop and restart. I realized that the crystal was orientating itself to my body functions, taking over autonomic control. My bowels and bladder voided. I sweated profusely and my mouth went dry, flooded with saliva and swallowed. I even felt a brief jolt of arousal and orgasm (the shortest one in history). While all this was going on, another individual entered my line of sight. He was also a Hellfire member, but not human. A Felpur, a cat like race with low level natural empathy. He took the larger crystal and placed it against his chest, allowing it to sink in. he didn't seem to go through the same gyrations that I did. In fact, he seemed to enter a meditative trance.

When he came out of it, he said, "Remove the web. I need to perform a field test."

As the field shut down, there was a presence in my mind. I knew he would know I was conscious if I made any mental response to his presence. Relaxing like the Rax was trying to contact me, I let myself release control of my body. {Contact has been made. Testing muscular control.} my body rose and walked about the room, uneasily at first, but quickly improving. I made all sorts of strange motions, apparently designed to test all my muscles. {Testing sensual inputs.} My eyes, ears, nose, skin and tongue all experienced tingling, presumably the result of his directly accessing their nerve centers. {Testing autonomic override.} My heart stopped! Then it started and sped up to painful levels before returning to normal rhythm. I had begun to notice something. There was a small tickle in the back of my head every time that the Felpur attempted to contact me. Could I tell when something was going to happen? Is this why they wanted me unconscious for the procedure? Was this a small grain of hope?
