 Chapter one

Death of a Slave

The tongue licking at my pussy was well skilled. The mild rasping sensation on my outer cunt lips was sending shivers of pleasure through my body. I encouraged him with scratches behind his ears, deep in the tufts of fur that surrounded them. That made things all the more wonderful as his purring vibrated against my clit, causing micro-explosions of ecstasy that jerked my hips into his face.

Having been clued in already, I had kept my fingernails long enough to be able to dig them into the skin on his head. When he growled in response, I lost control and climaxed. Crystal increased the production of my natural lubrication so that plenty trickled down into my ass crack. I thought the concept of a species whose males would not screw their females until after they had already had a climax was one of nature's best ideas. As I started to come down from my high, he pulled himself up, bringing his two cocks to bear on my crotch. Normally used to fucking the paired pussies of his own race's women, they were destined to give me double penetration with only one guy.

I was in heaven. Cocks pressed against both my openings and I was still incredibly sensitive. Again, being briefed on what to expect, I relaxed as much as possible as he thrust. He had no intention of being gentle. As near as I could guess in my aroused state, he had been doubly hard for almost an hour. As the initial blast of pain in my ass hit, I sunk my teeth into his neck. While a mouthful of fur is not the most erotic thing that one could experience in the middle of a fuck, it was better than the alternative.

Ralinti sex always has a dominant partner and the dominance is shown by who bites whom. While their fur is ample protection against their own teeth, let alone my puny human incisors, his three centimeter fangs would have come close to ripping my throat out. Unlike a Gravelian, his saliva wouldn't heal his bites. With my teeth knocking at his jugular, he thrust with vigor, driving himself (and me) to an orgasm.

Again, I had to marvel at nature's bounty. Ralinti females were unable to conceive unless they have two orgasms, one in each pussy. The first enabled them to fuck in the first place and the second stimulated egg travel from their ovaries. Fertilization rates were low enough that no one would ever consider not trying to produce offspring with every mating. Hence, I was "doomed" to have at least one more orgasm before he allowed himself to cum.

That second orgasm was well on its way. His fur was rubbing against my sensitive clit, sending waves of pre-orgasmic pleasure through my body. I could hear, in my head, the hum of joy from Crystal as it reveled in these new sensations. I wanted a big one, so I thought at Crystal.

[Hold it back. Make me wait.]

[TAKING CONTROL OF ORGASM]

Its diction had improved much in the last year. Now I was on for an extreme ride. We've agreed that once I ask It to take control of my orgasm, I can't ask for it back. I'll hover on the edge until It is ready for us to cum. It didn't take long before I was whimpering and shaking my head in frustration. My arousal levels were through the roof, far higher than I could hold out against on my own. My clit felt like it was on fire and my cunt quivered in delight with pre-orgasmic spasms that seemed to never end.

I have no idea how long Crystal made me wait on the edge of cumming. I just felt the constant thrusting of cocks in my ass and pussy. His cocks weren't exceptionally large, but they were angled so that the one in my cunt rubbed against my inner wall, stimulating my second most sensitive spot (after my clit). I ground my teeth into his neck, whipping my head back and forth. He mewed and panted, the submissive feline reveling in my domination. His thrusts became more impassioned as he began to experience frustration as well. He couldn't cum until I did, needing the contractions around his cocks to get off (Ralinti never had sex without intercourse).

Crystal let loose inside and I exploded. It felt like I should be shocked to not find small bits of me scattered about the walls of the room. With my teeth still embedded in his neck, my head jerked back as my pussy and anal muscles clenched against the cocks embedded in them. His cum shot into both my openings, hot against my inner flesh. With a normal temperature ten degrees higher than a human's, the feel of his cum in me was almost unpleasant. In the throes of my climax, it didn't matter. I was in heaven and would have accepted anything to stay there.

As I returned to earth, so to speak, Frishi was licking at my face and purring. I licked at his fur as well, engaging in the necessary post-orgasmic rituals of Ralinti sex. Crystal kept my urge to gag under control for the several minutes it took to finish cleaning his facial fur of my pussy juice (swallowing hair normally makes me want to puke). Frishi's penises had withdrawn into their coverings and he now looked no different from any other male member of his species.

"Susan, that was incredible. I had no idea that sex with someone from another species could be so satisfying."

"You still have no idea. Compared to some of what's available, a human such as me will seem tame in comparison. I'm certain that Federation scientists will find a fertility increase for your race soon after your planet applies for protectorate status."

That's what this entire tryst was about. Ralint was one of the innumerable planets on the fringes of the Galactic federation. There are forces within the Federation that don't want to see planets such as Ralint brought into it. Chief among those groups was the Hellfire group. If power could be exercised through something, Hellfire wanted it under their control. They had been fighting the people my husband worked for ever since the founding of the Federation by the five prime races.

Why the struggle over Ralint, a backwater world with little going for it? Slavery! Ralint was a world that still had legalized slavery. You'd think that the Hellfire group would want to bring slave planets into the Federation, given how federation laws forced every planet to recognize the slavery laws of every slave world. Instead, they opposed its membership. That was because membership in the Federation led to the elimination of slavery from a planet within 100 years. It seems that the exposure to a free and open society influenced the anti-slavery forces on each slave world, leading to abolition.

And that's why I was here, in Frishi's bed, enjoying sex with another alien. I'd been doing this for over a year now, ever since Brusjin bought me in a Branchet slave shop. If it seems strange to you that an anti-slavery crusader would buy a slave, you're not alone. He had been desperate, needing a woman to use as a sexual favor to seal deals on primitive worlds such as Frishi, and an expert economist. I filled both bills. It was only after we fell in love with each other (a story all its own) that he realized his hypocrisy and arranged for me to be freed by stepping foot on my home planet. I stayed with him as his wife, fulfilling all the same functions I had as a slave. For a while, I even kept calling him Master.

Frishi was dragging a claw lightly across my breast, a strangely peasant sensation. "Well, I can promise you, Susan, that my report will be very favorable. Between the sexual possibilities and the medical data you demonstrated with your hologram computer, I'd say that we'll have an application for protectorate status ready by the end of the week."

Frishi still couldn't call my virtual room by its proper name. To him, a room had real walls, a floor, and a roof. I raked my nails down his chest, provoking a pleasant growl. "Tell me, Frishi; are you capable of sex multiple times?"

There was a throb from his penile coverings as my fingers reached them. He leaned forward and licked at my nipples. The rasp-like tongue caused me to groan. The intense, nearly painful sensations had my nipples erect and me panting in short order.

"In the past, males had harems and had to breed with ten to twenty females at a time."

"Oh my! Your world will be very popular with the ladies."

My hand gripped his sheath and squeezed. I could feel his cocks growing, straining against the opening. Like a Ralinti woman, I raked my nails against the sealed crack, encouraging it to split and release the cocks I wanted to experience again. They were all too happy to oblige me.

 *****