 Chapter 3

The Map of the Heavens

There was no way I could keep this from Brusjin. You don't start an interplanetary conflict without at least telling your husband that that's what you're going to do first. It would, however, wait until morning. One of us deserved a full night's rest.

The next morning, he and I were enjoying one of our favorite pastimes, trying out alien foods. We'd eaten something different for every meal in the three weeks we'd been on planet. This morning was, yet again, something new. The menu referred to it as Falini over toast. Falini is some sort of animal, as the primary ingredient to the thick red sauce that smothered the Ralinti traditional round bread was some sort of meat. The reoccurring theme in Ralinti breakfasts was waking up the taste buds. They believed in strong spices for their first meal, saving the mild, tantalizing flavors for the last meal of the day. We'd been making a list of foods to stock up on for our return trip.

"Brusjin, we have a problem."

"Is this the same problem we usually have, or have you found something new?"

"New, I'm afraid. Remember when Coldrin described the Jewel of Peace?" He nodded and I continued. "I thought the description sounded familiar and asked Crystal to search my memory."

"He found something?"

"Yes, the inner, pulsing glow; I saw something very much like it in Crystal just before It was implanted."

My husband put his fork down. I could see his mind working. "We can't free it, you know that."

"Brusjin, it's a slave to another world's religion."

"If, and it's a big if, it really is a Voratex Crystal, stealing it to free it would end our mission, condemn this world to colony status, and probably get us killed. Is that what you want?"

Sometimes I get so mad at Brusjin. He can be so logical and uncaring. He's never been a slave, I have. I know what it feels like to be at the mercy of any number of people; to have one's own destiny out of one's own hands.

"How can we just ignore what's happening?"

"Susan! Our mission is not to free every slave one by one. Our mission is to create the conditions that will end slavery as an institution on every world. The only way to free it would be to have it implanted in someone. What if its base has already been joined with someone?"

I sat back, defeated. If the base had been joined, we'd be condemning some poor creature to life as a crystal slave. This too, had been my fate once. I couldn't do that to anyone, not and live with myself.

[Crystal?]

[YOUR MATE IS CORRECT. UNTIL STATUS OF BUD IS KNOWN, ANY ACTION COULD WORSEN LATTICE STRUCTURE. CRACKED LATTICE IS SUPERIOR TO BROKEN LATTICE.]

[How could it be unjoined? I thought bud separation was always for the purpose of joining.]

[UNKNOWN. POSSIBILITIES TOO NUMEROUS. BUD MUST BE QUESTIONED.]

"Are we at least going to determine if it's a bud or not?"

"That I have no problem with. In all likelihood, we wouldn't be able to free it anyway. A religious artifact like this will, no doubt, be under heavy security. We don't have the means to steal it."

"I understand. I don't like it, but I do understand."

The remaining air trip passed uneventfully. We arrived at Yelti at mid-afternoon, local time, and booked a spot at a local hotel. Like any hotel where we would feel safe, they had house slaves, one of which we were provided with. Contrary to our personal experience, the hotels on the planet didn't provide slaves for every guest, just the ones who didn't own their own slaves, or who hadn't brought the slaves they did own with them.

Slavery on Ralint was pervasive. It was incredibly easy to become a slave, but very hard to earn your freedom. The laws were stacked against females as well. The major reason Ralinti found themselves slaves was debt. In Earth's past, there were institutions known as debtor's prisons. People could be jailed for being unable to pay a debt. On Ralint, there were no debtor's prisons; debtors who were unable to make their payments became slaves of those they owed money to.

What was especially insidious for females were the laws limiting female education. It was illegal for a male to teach a female to read (and vice versa). Apparently, most males could read as literacy was seen as a male prerogative in their distant past. That meant that unless there was a woman somewhere who learned to read on her own, or a male who flaunted the law, a woman wasn't going to be able to read.

However, they could sign contracts and incur debt. That meant that women were frequently put in the position of signing a document they couldn't read. The law held them responsible for what the contract actually said, not what they'd been told it said. Now, you'd think that no sane female would sign any contract unless a trusted male read it for them. This is where the irony comes in. There's also a budding female liberation movement on the planet. The movement is pushing for the repeal of laws limiting a female's rights. Its partial success is the reason for the rapid increase in female slaves in the last decade.

While literacy for females remains effectively illegal, their rights to participate in the marketplace have been greatly expanded. Two key laws have had this perverse effect. First, females can enter into contracts without a male cosigning the contract. This would seem to be a great boon, and it would be but for the second law. To keep females from being controlled by males with no stake in the contract, a male is forbidden to be part of the negotiations unless he's a cosigner. The result is females able to sign documents alone while being unable to have a male on their side.

Fortunately, based on Brusjin's data, this type of enslavement is fading rapidly. A key import on the black market is literacy lessons. They aren't even illegal, technically, because the tapes (old style magnetic recordings) are neither male nor female. No one imports them openly, but someone has been spreading them about the planet. Soon there would be, I hoped, enough literate females to teach females in general how to read. Once that happened, only crime and sale by one's family could land one in slavery on Ralint.

Our slave was Savin, a pretty young female Ralinti who seemed awed by our appearance. Brusjin made sure that the management of the hotel knew that we insisted in giving all discipline for our slave ourselves. It was too late to visit the museum where the Map was displayed, so we visited the other attraction Yelti had, the Submerged Garden.

At the bottom of Yeltin Bay there's a labyrinth of glass tunnels. These tunnels wind through an undersea garden of incredible beauty. It's somewhat incredible that they're able to maintain such a system of enclosed passages with their tech level. The water is deep enough that very little light reaches the garden itself. It's the plants in the garden that provide the lighting. The multicolored phosphorescent glow from the native plants is stunningly beautiful.

[TUBE LATTICE STRUCTURE FAILS TO FAIL AS IT SHOULD]

[What do you mean, "fails to fail?"]

[LATTICE SHOULD COLLAPSE UNDER THE WEIGHT OF WATER OVERHEAD. IT DOES NOT.]

[Ah, you're wondering why the glass doesn't shatter under the weight of an entire bay of water. That's a good question.]

"Brusjin, why hasn't the water crushed the glass? This is glass, isn't it?"

"That's what I was told. You're right, ordinary glass would have shattered under this much weight. I see no signs of support structures either. We should look into this further."

"You know, there are an awful lot of oddities about this planet. What's going on?"

"I don't know, but it's as if someone chose Ralint for some special purpose. That's ridiculous, of course."

I wasn't so certain. There were five Progenitor artifacts on this world; more than the entire Federation has found. The theory was that the Progenitors had evolved to become a space bound species, leaving the confines of a home planet. That would explain why so few of their relics were found on planets. Not only did Ralint have five of them, but they were, according to local religious tradition, left here on purpose. If that's not being chosen, I don't know what is.

We took dinner at the hotel, served by Savin. We wanted to retire a little early, both of us feeling quite randy. Savin, however, followed us.

"That's all for now, Savin."

"Have I displeased you in some way? Should I fetch a whip?"

While I fumed, Brusjin tried to mollify the girl. "No, Savin, you haven't displeased us. We simply wish to enjoy some time alone."

"Won't you need your companion prepared?"

"No, I don't think so. What do you mean, prepared?"

"I think I know, dear. Savin, are you offering to give me my first orgasm?" Recall that Ralinti females can't be penetrated for sex until they've cum at least once.

"Yes, Mistress. It's one of the duties of a slave, to prepare the Mistress for the Master's use."

"Humans are different, Savin; we don't need to be prepared to that extent. In fact, I'm pretty well prepared already." I smiled at Brusjin, hinting at my well aroused state.

"How can that be, he's hardly touched you?"

"Just the thought of what he's going to do has me swimming in sexual need." I could see the confused look on her face. "Have you been a slave long?"

"No, Mistress, just five days. My family sold me to pay a debt."

"Do you want to please me?"

"Yes, Mistress! If I don't, I'll be punished."

"Then understand this. I'll be pleased, and so will Brusjin, if you act as if you were still free while you're with us."

"Mistress?" The confusion in her voice was plain to hear.

"Do you remember being able to do what you wanted, to go where you wanted, to be able to express your opinion?"

"Yes, Mistress," she whispered. I could see her eyes clouding over, the Ralinti equivalent to tears. They never cried, their tears being recycled back into their bodies.

"That's how I want you to act while you're assigned to us. I know you can't really go where you want, but while you're with us, you're to act like you would if you were with your family."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Would you call a member of your family, Mistress?"

"No, Mistress...I mean, no ma'am."

"Much better," I praised her with a smile. "Brusjin and I are going to spend some time alone. Why don't you make yourself comfortable in the main room?"

"Yes, ma'am. May I order something to eat?"

"Of course, dear. Just tell them you're ordering for us."

"Thank you, ma'am."

She left the bedroom and I turned back to Brusjin. "Now, where were we? Ah, I remember, I was doing this."

I leaned up and kissed my husband again. As our tongues danced, we slowly stripped each other's clothes off. I hadn't lied to Savin, I was already aroused. It had been three days since I'd had sex with anyone, and seven days since Brusjin had taken me. Yes, I was more than ready. One thing my brief experience with slavery had taught me was that I loved being ravished by my lovers. If the sex was hard and energetic, and I was mildly helpless in his arms, I was in bliss. Once we were naked, he took both my hands and held them together behind my back. His other hand started to run lightly over my body. I could feel my nipples hardening, their sensitivity increasing with my arousal. My cunt was beginning to create a small lake of juice, readying itself for his cock.

What reached it first was his hand. His finger caressed by pussy lips and I thrust my hips forwards, trying to impale myself on him. He teased me, keeping his touches light and fleeting. I was in an agonizing heaven. Warmth and tingles spread through my entire body as he played with my outer cunt, never penetrating, never touching my clit. I fought my instinct to beg for more, wanting this erotic torment to continue for as long as I could stand and longer.

I found out later from Crystal that I held off begging for twenty minutes. Then I couldn't stand it any more and I pleaded over and over to be fucked. He didn't right away, he just kept caressing me, holding me below my climax threshold. Then he stopped. I gave a sob of agony as he pushed me down, never letting go of my wrists. His cock was at my face while I was bent over at the waist.

I took Brusjin into my mouth. His cock was hard and dripping precum. I've always enjoyed giving head and I sucked him in, desperate for any contact from him. As I licked and sucked, his hips started undulating, thrusting himself in and out a bit. Being face-fucked is such an incredible turn-on. I could hear his groans as I tasted his body. With a cry, he pulled back and came, his cum flooding my mouth. Several spurts of his essence splattered against my cheeks and throat. I licked his cock as it came, causing it to jerk and empty that much more into me. When he pulled out, I swished his cum around my mouth, savoring the flavor, before I swallowed.

He pulled me up so I was standing again. There was a gleam in his eyes. I peeked down and saw that he was only half limp. I begged again, I needed to be fucked. He pushed me onto the bed, changing the position of my hands, holding them above me now as I lay on the bed. His other hand returned to my cunt, returning me to my lust filled agony. He was caressing my pussy lips again, this time with his whole hand, yet he still didn't penetrate me or touch my clit. In no time, I was writhing on the bed, making inarticulate noises of desire and need. I could feel his cock against my leg, slowly hardening again. Trails of cum, left over from his last climax, were written on my leg as I moved against him, trying to speed up his arousal.

When he stopped caressing me again, I held my breath. He plunged into my cunt with an audible squelch and I screamed with delight. Knowing what I like, Brusjin pounded into me, giving me a hard, violent fuck. I was cumming within a minute, my earlier screams of delight blending into my screams of ecstasy. He didn't stop, but kept at me, crushing my clit repeatedly, flooding it, as well as my cunt, with a near overload of sensation. I was still quivering from my first orgasm when the second one hit me, stealing my voice and causing my back to arch against my lover. My hands tore themselves free and I clutched at him, holding on for dear life.

Freed at last, I thrust against Brusjin as hard as he did against me. A growl was coming from him, a sign that his cock needed to release and couldn't yet. His own delicious agony was starting, that nearly painful quest for a second orgasm. Without the nearly brutal fucking he was giving me, he would never reach it. I wanted more sensation and clutched my pussy against his cock, tightening my entrance. His arms clasped me tight, nearly crushing me, making it hard to breathe. The effort to breathe in his embrace pushed me into my third orgasm. My pussy's tremors gave him the last bit he needed and he gave a massive final thrust as he came in my cunt.

Both of us jerked a little as our climaxes wound down. Our bodies were covered in sweat and sexual fluids. We were caressing each other, giving small kisses as we came back to Earth (or Ralint, as it were). We enjoyed a nice shower to clean up (they use water for showers on Ralint, not ultrasonics). With as much time as we spent on technologically backward planets, I was developing a liking for running water as a means to clean off.

The next morning, we had breakfast with Savin. She was very nervous about sitting at the table with us. Only our insistence that it would please us convinced her to do as we asked. We left for the museum, leaving her behind. Neither Brusjin nor I was comfortable treating her as a slave, and we couldn't treat her as a free being in public, it would just get her punished.

The Map of Heaven was well guarded. Several Ralinti soldiers stood guard around it and there were several layers of automated security. Even without making a surreptitious scan, I could see the metal enclosure, the electric contacts and the pressure plate. My scanner confirmed that the plate was made of the same unknown metal that made up all Progenitor artifacts, as well as the presence of ultrasonics and gas dispensers. Stealing this would be exceptionally difficult for anyone limited by Ralint technology. Anyone with the right Federation technology would have no trouble at all.

A gasp from some of the other museum patrons brought my attention away from my scanner. Everyone was staring at the Map, and I could see why. It had started to glow. My scanner was still recording as I looked in amazement. A pattern was appearing on the surface of the plate. From the reaction of the guards, I knew this wasn't a regular occurrence, possibly a totally new one. It's doubtful that anyone from Ralint would recognize the pattern, but Brusjin and I had no trouble. The pattern was a star map. I didn't know stellar navigation, so I couldn't tell what part of the galaxy was being depicted, but it was definitely a star map.

The guards, having recovered from their shock, started moving us out of the exhibit hall. I couldn't blame them, for all they knew, this was dangerous and they wanted to protect us. I suspect they wanted to close so that their own priests or scientists could study the changes. I took one last glance before the doors closed and noticed that the pattern was fading. What had just happened? That map had appeared right when Brusjin and I were in the room with the artifact and faded when we left. Why would it react to us? Did it react to us, or was there something else that had happened coincidentally?

"Susan, this is amazing. That's not just a Progenitor artifact, it's a functioning artifact. We have to leave as soon as possible, now would be best."

"I know. Ralint needs protectorate status before anyone else learns of this. There are probably a dozen collectors on each planet in the Federation that would pay a planet's ransom to possess a working Progenitor artifact, to say nothing of the Hellfire Group."

"You go back to the room and pack. I'll start searching for available transports in orbit."

I nodded and headed back to the hotel. While Brusjin could've searched for transport from the hotel, he needed to also find a place for a shuttle to land. Yelti had no spaceport facilities. With the available tech, he would need to physically locate such an area, a job best done by a local expert. In other words, he had to get a cab.

As I walked, I studied my scans. There was a trace bio-energy reading at the start of the glow that grew until the pattern was complete. The energy didn't correspond to any known life energy, but that wasn't a big surprise. Nothing else unusual showed up in my scan. I did have another resource, however. In the past year, I've learned that Crystal had a sensory system that detected things my scanner didn't. I suspected it was related to Its ability to communicate with Its base over interstellar distances in real time.

[Crystal, did you detect anything?]

[LOW LEVEL LATTICE CENTERED ON OBJECT. LATTICE STRUCTURE CHANGED 12.3 MINUTES AFTER WE ENTERED ROOM.]

[Was there anything else that happened at the same time?]

[NUMEROUS EVENTS. TWO GUARDS COMMENTED ON FEMALE GENITALIA. FEMALE RALINTI COUGHED. WE APPROACHED TO 9.98 METERS OF OBJECT. INSECT LIFEFORM LANDED ON METAL CAGE. CONTINUE?]

[No. Was 9.98 meters our closest approach?]

[NO. WE APPORACHED ANOTHER 0.23 METERS BEFORE BEING ESCORTED OUT]

[The lattice you detected, what kind of lattice was it?]

[MODULATED ENERGY LATTICE ON COMMUNICATION WAVELENGTH]

[Do you mean the map was trying to communicate with someone?]

[NEGATIVE. ENERGY WAVELENGTH ON COMMUINICATION BAND. MODULATION WAS REGULAR AND REPEATING. INFER THAT ENERGY LATTICE WAS SCANNING FIELD]

[Wait! Are you telling me that the Map was scanning the area using the same energy that you communicate with your base?]
