 Chapter Four: The Roger Young

I really didn't have time for this. With any luck, Brusjin would have us transport within the hour and I needed to have everything ready to go. Still, the Map of the Heavens activated when I entered its scanning field. Why? What's so special about me? These thoughts were running through my head as I finished the walk to the hotel.

At our room, I packed all our things. There wasn't much to pack; Brusjin and I traveled light. We were always having to rely on tramp freighters to reach the planets we needed to be on and such ships had little in the way of cargo space for last minute passengers. I was closing the last of our three bags when my comm. beeped at me.

"Brus, what's the word?"

"There's a freighter in orbit who's heading back to the Federation. The Captain's willing to let us tag along."

"How much?"

"One night with you."

I could have figured. Brusjin and I suffer from a constant shortage of funds. This means we can't afford the prices that many independent ship captains charged for passage on their ships. In these outer sectors, they know they're the only choice and can name their price. On the other hand, these freighters had small crews. Sex between crew members frequently leads to conflict between them. So, any chance to have sex with someone not on the crew is an opportunity to be leapt at. That's why Brusjin bought me originally.

Collin tricked me on Branchet. I was negotiating a trade deal between the Dominats and the Groyetos on a neutral planet. Branchet was admitted to the Federation in the middle of the negotiations and Collin used the Branchet slavery laws to enslave me and sell me to a local slave trader. I later found that he had been ordered to do so by the Hellfire Group. Brusjin bought me because he needed a financial expert and sex gift in one person. We fell in love, in spite of my non-person status, and he freed me.

Our mission is more important than any sensibilities he or I may have. If having sex with innumerable aliens helps accomplish the mission, then so be it. Fortunately, I also enjoy sex a lot. So I wasn't put out by the prospect of spending the night with the captain of the ship.

"So, what race is the Captain?"

"Uh, Susan, it's not one night with the Captain; it's one night with the crew. The price was a gang bang with all four crew members."

"That's the best you could do?" I asked with a playful smile.

"I'm afraid so. The Captain knows who we are and that the map is active. It was either take us or he'd take word back himself. There'd be no guarantee that the right people would find out first."

"Oh well, I guess I'm in for a wild time. I've taken on more before."

"I think your record is still the seven Halsted."

Brusjin was referring to my having sex with seven male Halsted, creatures that looked much like the mythical Centaurs, especially in the male endowment department. It was a wonderful experience, at least until one fucked me anally.

"Yes, it is. Where do we meet the shuttle?"

"There's a field two kilometers out of town. I'll be at the hotel in 15 minutes. Will you be ready?"

"I'm already packed. I'll see you in 15." I turned to Savin. "Would you help me carry these bags down to the front?"

"Of course, Susan."

I could see she wanted to say something else. "Go ahead, you won't get in trouble."

"I don't suppose I can come with you?"

"No, I'm afraid you can't. Where Brusjin and I are going, you can't follow. I'm sorry you're a slave. If I could, I'd free you."

"I know. It's all right. Being a hotel slave is much easier than being with most other Masters."

I met Brusjin on the street and the taxi took us to the field. The shuttle was waiting for us. A gray-skinned, four-armed Thadin was standing by the open hatch with an impatient look on his face. As we climbed the ramp, he groused, "Come on, you two, time is money."

I don't know what it is about pilots, but they always seem to be in a hurry. Brusjin and I had barely fastened our safety harnesses when the shuttle shot up into the air, a couple of gravities leaking through the inertial compensators. I hoped the freighter was in better shape than the shuttle, though that wasn't likely. Tramp freight is all about the profit margin. Keeping a ship in top shape is expensive, especially when top shape is beyond what's needed to be safe. Freighter captains saved money by letting repairs and maintenance go until the situation endangered the viability of the cargo.

Yes, that's right. It's the cargo they're worried about, not the crew. Crewmen are cheap. In these backwater worlds, there's no shortage of people looking for a way off their forsaken planet for some adventure. Of course, freighters are not where the adventure is found, but the potential crewman doesn't know that. The crew can earn quite a bit of money since they're paid primarily in shares of the profit. If you want to enrage a freighter crew, threaten their cargo. There's a good reason piracy is rare in the Federation.

We docked less than ten minutes later. The pilot, whose name I never learned (everyone just called him Pilot), opened the hatch and we were met by a Pryrexin. This ought to be interesting. The two and a half meter, bipedal avian had his wings folded against his back and was reaching his hand towards Brusjin.

"Welcome to the Roger Young. It's a pleasure to do business with you Mr. Valenshenko." He turned towards me and bowed. "And you must be Mrs. Valenshenko. I'm looking forward to our time together."

"As am I…Captain?"

"Yes, Captain Tremaine, at your service."

Like all Pryrexin, he had adopted a human name for intercourse with non-avians. There was no way I'd be able to pronounce his real name with its whistles and chirps. Brusjin once told me it took him three weeks to master a five second formal greeting in their native tongue.

"I'm just glad your ship was available. This news needs to get back to Federation officials as soon as possible. I shudder to think what would happen on this planet if the wrong people learned of functional Progenitor artifacts."

"Very true, very true. The trip through Dolman space should take three days. Would the second day be suitable for the conclusion of business?"

"That's fine. If I may ask, what races are the other two members of your crew?"

"In addition to myself and Pilot, my engineer is human and cargo master is Jujujian."

"It sounds like we'll have an interesting and enjoyable time. I'm looking forward to it."

Actually, I had a concern or two. The Pilot and the engineer weren't a problem. Thadin are enough like humans that sex between the two species is common. In spite of his size, I was concerned for the Captain's safety. Like all avian species, he had hollow bones to allow flight. Unlike many sentient avians, Pryrexin wings weren't vestigial. The Captain could, on a planet without high gravity, fly with his wings. I'm pretty energetic during sex and there was a slight risk of snapping his bones if I was grasping him during an orgasm.

I was unfamiliar with Jujujians, at least sexually. They were a rarity among sentient races, having their primary manipulative appendage as their tongue. They still traveled on all five of what we think of as arms and/or legs. I suspected that a hand job and a blow job were the same thing among them. I wasn't even sure they were dual-sexual. I would find out in two days.

The gut wrenching passage into Dolman space was blessedly short. Our cabin was a small, unused, cargo room. Two hammocks were strung along one wall and a couple of chairs had been tossed into the room. Now that Brusjin and I were back together and alone, I had to talk about the scans.

"Brus, there's something very strange about the Map of the Heavens. Crystal says that the map was running constant scans in its vicinity. The scans were using the same energy wavelength that Crystal uses to communicate with its base."

"But the Map is clearly not a Crystal."

"No, it's not. It's stranger though. The star map was projected as soon as I entered within its scanning field. It's as if my presence somehow triggered the Map to project the star map."

"Are you sure?"

"As sure as I can be. Crystal is aware of a dozen distinct events that took place at the time the projection was made. My entering its field was the only one that wouldn't have happened sometime in the past."

"Why would the device be interested in you?" I knew a rhetorical question when I heard one. Brusjin thought for a while. "It doesn't make sense. There's nothing about you that's different than any number of humans that may have passed close to the map."

[NEGATIVE. ONE DIFFERENCE.]

"Of course! Brusjin, I have a Crystal in me."

"Surely the Hellfire Group maintains crystal slaves nearby, if only to keep track of the artifact."

"Yes, quite possibly, but remember, I'm not a crystal slave. I was one but am now free…"

We both looked at one another in shock. The words of the prophesy came back to both of us: "To guide the slave no more, alone, yet befriended, in her task to bring the heaven's truth." I was a slave in the past, but am free now; doubly so. I'd joined with my husband in his quest to bring the knowledge of freedom to the worlds of the galaxy.

"Brus, that's not possible! There's no way that some being could know the future so well."

"Susan, this stanza of the prophecy seems written specifically about you. Crystal, would one of your kind be able to tell that you were not joined as intended?"

[YES. RESONANCE FIELD WILL BE INCORRECTLY MODULATED.]

"It says yes. Some kind of resonance field will be different."

"It fits, in a strange sort of way. It was scanning with an energy field that matches the communication energy between Crystals. I suspect that Crystal's senses are on this same energy wavelength." I nodded as It confirmed Brusjin's suspicions. "The question is just how the writers of the prophecy knew."

"Did they? Could they have programmed the Map to look for someone such as me and take action only then? Perhaps it was some kind of contingency plan."

"That's possible. Whatever the reason, clearly it showed us, you specifically, this map for a reason. We need to find out just where this region of space is. I don't want to let the Captain know just what we have. We're going to have to wait until we get to a major library."

"Maybe not. Give me a minute."

[Crystal, can you tap the Roger Young's navigation computer and download its star charts to my virtual room?]

[YES, DATA LATTICE STRUCTURE IS AVAILABLE TO ME.]

[Go ahead and start. Don't get caught.]

[NEVER WILL HAPPEN.]

[How long?]

[FIVE MINUTES]

Crystal may sound cocky and full of Itself, but It simply doesn't have those emotional capabilities. It simply has an honest and accurate measure of its own abilities.

"Brusjin, Crystal is loading the ship's star charts into my virtual room. With that, we can hopefully learn just where this region of space is."

"That'll save us time. Is there enough space in here to use your room?"

"Yeah, though it will be a little more compact than I'm used to."

I unpacked my virtual room and set it on my seat (there was no table). As soon as I turned the power on, the data started to download. I initiated a second download of the recording from the Map. A short while later I had the device activated and was viewing two star charts side by side. Virtual rooms were an antiquated piece of technology, long since replaced by netwear and net jockeys. I still used it because of a discovery I made years ago. Net jockeys created a frame of reference in which they viewed the data they analyzed or manipulated. These frames of reference used some of the data itself for their creation, leaving minor inaccuracies. Virtual rooms don't do that; or rather they didn't need to. They could view the data in its raw state and create multidimensional spreadsheets.

I didn't need that today. Both star charts were stored holographically. All I needed to do was overlap the smaller chart from the Map of the Heavens with the Federation star chart from the nav computer. I let Crystal take over my body to do the comparison. It was so much better at spotting patterns than I was, and I was great at it. It still took It three hours to find the match. Once It showed us the results, I could see why it took so long.

"Brusjin, the overlap isn't total. Part of the chart from the Map isn't on known star charts. That's," I pointed to a portion of the chart, "unexplored space. I wonder what's out there."

"I don't know, and we're not likely to find out in the near future. We're heading directly away from the sector in question. We can't very well hire a team of explorers to take us there either. We'd need to know just where to go first; even then we'd need a lot of money to fund such an expedition. Does Crystal recognize that area of space?"

[NEGATIVE. WILL QUERRY BASE FOR SEARCH OF ACCUMULATED DATA.]

"It says no, but it's asking the base collective to search for any data they may have about it."

"I'm still not used to the idea that Crystals can communicate with each other over stellar distances. I can't imagine how the Federation would react to such news. Someone joined on every planet would allow for a revolution in galactic communication."

Brusjin was correct. Ships travel by creating a Dolman field. You had to have a generator travel with the ship to pull it off. A radio message didn't have a generator to travel with it. This meant that the length of time a signal could stay in Dolman space, traveling faster than light, was so small that it couldn't leave a planetary system. So the Federation had instantaneous communication within systems, but had to send courier ships between systems.

Unfortunately, there were no annotations to the Map of the Heaven's chart, so we had no idea what we were looking for out there. If the prophecy was correct, there was something in that sector of space that would help me bring freedom to the galaxy's slaves. Really quite frustrating when you think of it.

By the time we went to sleep, there'd been nothing back from the base collective about that region of space. Even with their incredible abilities with sorting and searching through data, the Crystals would need time to search over 500 years of data to match up a fragment of a star chart. In fact, if they had to reconcile between the star chart and planetary viewpoints, it could take them a very long time.

At breakfast, the Captain let me know that they wanted to start the orgy right after lunch. I told him that would be just fine. Brusjin and I had gone without last night to make sure I was at the height of my sexual responsiveness. Already I was feeling the fist pangs of desire. I've always enjoyed sex and my brief time as a slave introduced me to inter-species sex; something I'd come to adore. Other than the time I'd been raped by two Felpur (an experience that had left me a bloody wreck), I've enjoyed every encounter with non-humans.

Lunch, a boring affair of rehydrated pizza, didn't take long. The crew was distracted by my attire, or rather the lack of it. Since today was to be all about sex, I decided to advertise what they were getting. I was wearing only my bra and panties, and those were very sheer, leaving me quite visible to anyone who wanted to look. And all four wanted to look. I didn't have any shyness or nervousness about being on display; another side benefit to my brief time as a slave. That's not to say I wasn't aroused; I most definitely was. My pussy was damp, making the translucent material on my panties truly transparent. My nipples were poking above the edge of my half bra and I was having a little trouble keeping still.

"If you're ready, Susan?" Lunch had ended and the Captain seemed impatient to get things underway.

"I was ready at the start of lunch. Where are we going to be?" Brusjin slipped back to our room as the four members of the crew moved closed to me.

"We've made some space in one of the cargo holds. Allow me?" He held his arm out and I allowed it to encircle my shoulders. As we walked down the corridor, his hand brushed against my nipple, causing my pussy juice to flow more freely. The cargo master, who I learned called himself Wensle (the engineer was named Fred), was following close behind me, his tongue caressing my ass through the fabric covering it. The other two followed behind, waiting their turns, I guess.

They'd created a mattress in the hold. It was five meters by five meters; plenty of room for sexual frolicking. When we reached the edge of it, the Captain deftly pulled my bra down, releasing my breasts from the minimal containment they'd been enjoying. My medium sized orbs remained firm (another benefit to having Crystal inside) while he used both hands to caress my tits and lightly pinch my nipples. He'd moved in front of me and I brought my hands up to caress the feathers on his chest.

The prehensile tongue behind me had torn my panties off (I lose more clothes that way) and was feeling its way around my ass and cunt. The combined attention had me moaning with pleasure. That familiar ache in my pussy was starting; an incredible need to be filled with warm, hard cock. Looking down, I could see the Captain's cock rising in anticipation. My mouth formed an O as I saw the small starting prick literally increase in length ten times. Shortly it was 14 inches in length, though it had gained no girth whatsoever.

The Captain pressed down on my shoulders, whispering, "Suck me, Susan. Take me all the way in."

I wasn't sure I could take that much cock completely in my mouth. Some of it would literally end up in my throat. I took a few licks at it, encountering a musty flavor that was not entirely pleasant. Surprisingly, his erect cock was flexible; able to bend almost 90 degrees. Later I wondered if this was due to some aspect of Pryrexin female anatomy.

Tentatively, I took him into my mouth. He gave a light keening wail in response. A quick glance showed his eyes screwed shut and his face contorted in pleasure. With Crystal suppressing my gag reflex, I eased the captain's cock into my throat. It turned out that he was thin enough for me to breathe around him. His flexibility allowed the cock to bend with my throat and I could feel him pass by my wind pipe. Once he was fully in my mouth and throat, I felt a bulge of tissue at his base and my tongue licked at it. He screamed out loud and began to buck against my face.

While I was taking 14 inches down my throat, someone else's manipulative tongue was probing the entrance to my pussy. My already present arousal was increasing by orders of magnitude. I could feel each inch of tongue enter my cunt and caress the inner walls of my womb. Little tremors of pre-orgasmic pleasure rippled through my pussy lips as I struggled to keep my attention focused on pleasing the Captain.

The captain bucked against me for almost a minute before his cock seemed to expand, blocking my air. Then he exploded, cum pouring down my throat and into my mouth. I could feel the ejaculating semen pulsing in my throat from the tip of his penis, but I could also feel it coming out of the sides of his cock. My mouth quickly filled to overflowing and his cum started to run down my chin and onto my breasts.

This seemed to go on forever and I was experiencing a twinge of panic at how long I wasn't able to breathe. The lack of air seemed to heighten the feelings from the Jujuj tongue exploring my cunt. My orgasm hit while I was still struggling to take a breath while cum filled my mouth. It was one of the strongest climaxes I'd ever had. In the middle of it, the Captain pulled out, letting me swallow and gasp for air as I convulsed.

I'd fallen to my hands and knees to recover. Wensle walked around to in front of me. His tongue snaked out and grasped my chest (the thing could extend over three feet). With more strength than I had thought possible, he flipped me over and scooted over my head. He squatted and I saw that I'd been using the wrong pronouns for her. Staring me in the face was a five lobed pussy. Her voice rang out, "Lick my cunt."
