 Anya made her way through the house, past the two busy maidbots, and down the basement stairs to be scanned. Once inside the lab, she went right over to where Tammy and Mike were.

Tammy was just finishing up with her scan. She was in the process of unplugging the many cables from her head and chest when Anya walked in. Maria took the cables one by one from the curvaceous brunette, and neatly coiled them up in perfect concentric circles as Tammy reattached her facemask.

"How bout a kiss?" Mike said once the device was back in place.

Tammy used her face to smile warmly at him, then to kiss his lips in a style that conveyed her digital love for him. Mike got up off his chair and took his lady's hand to help her out of the off-white vinyl examination chair. She closed her chest panel and returned his wordless gaze for a while.

"So, what does the Main Computer have to say?" Anya asked as she came up from behind Tammy and put her arm around her.

"Let's ask it." Mike said. "Maria, is the Main Computer processing Tammy's data?"

Maria finished adjusting some knobs and buttons at the console in front of her, then went to the keyboard to enter a very long string of letters and numbers. The three lovers stood there waiting for the attractive technician to answer. 

Finally - after a long process of number crunching by the supercomputer and of standing anxiously around in wait - Maria turned to them and said "Yes."

Mike looked at his lovers. They looked at him and each other. 

"How long will it take for the Main Computer to finish processing Tammy's data?" Mike asked.

Maria answered that question quickly in comparison. "Unknown. The current estimate for completion of calculations is six hours, twenty-one minutes and fifty-six seconds. This estimate has a 36% chance of being correct."

"I love it when you talk dirty like that." Anya quipped.

"What do you think we should do?" Tammy asked Mike. "Usually Anya's in the middle of her scan by now."

"Let's ask." Mike said. "Maria, does the Main Computer want... uh... I mean... will the Main Computer be scanning Anya's files now or after it's finished processing Tammy's files?"

Maria stared back at him with her usual perfect expression of mindlessness and vacancy. He was getting more aroused by that look the more he gazed at her pretty, unchanging face.

After waiting for a long couple of minutes, Mike waved his hand in front of her unblinking eyes, snapping his fingers as he did. "Hellooooooo?" he sang. "Ma-riiiiii-a?"

"Well, I'm going back upstairs." Tammy said.

"Okay, I better hop in the shower finally." Mike added.

"I'll come with you Tammy." Anya said. "The Main Computer knows where to find me."

The two sexy androids turned and started walking. They looked behind them to see Mike still looking at the beautiful technician, waiting for a reply.

"You coming too?" Tammy asked him.

He turned around and started walking. "Yeah." he said.

They walked out the door and up the stairs. Mike found himself lusting after Tammy even more now that she wasn't in the mood for sex.

"What do you want to do in the meantime?" Anya asked Tammy.

"I don't know." she said. She quickly downloaded a local weather report and thought about the forecast. "It's gonna be a little warmer today, we could go outside for a walk again."

"You girls do that then, but remember not to go to far." Mike said. "Anya still needs to get scanned."

The girls stopped in the kitchen. The table was set with a bowl and a spoon, a box of cereal, and a rapidly cooling cup of tea. Tammy sat down. "I don't think I've ever felt this bored." she said.

Anya sat down across from her at the table. "Still don't want to have sex yet?" she asked gently.

Tammy folded her arms and looked down. She shook her head.

"Well, why don't you get dressed while I'm in the shower?" Mike said to her.

"Okay." she said. She looked a little sad.

"I'll be back in twenty minutes." he said.

"Okay." she said, offering him a smile.

He walked upstairs while the ladies sat there for a little longer.

"Wanna try it?" Anya asked her. "Just a little quickie?"

"No." Tammy said. "I dread the thought of my control slipping again."

"Alright." Anya said as she stood up. "I'll quit bugging you. Tell you what, you go get some clothes on. I have something to show you when you get back."

"What is it?" Tammy asked.

"A surprise." Anya said with an impish grin.

Tammy flashed her a quizzical look. "Something Bonnie brought last night?"

"Yes." Anya said. "Now stop asking questions or you'll ruin the surprise."

"Okay." Tammy said with a giggle. "I'll go now."

Anya smiled and embraced her fellow 558 as she stood up. She too wanted to take Tammy to bed even more now, but she kept the hug non-sexual and let the worried fembot go on her way.

Tammy walked up the stairs as Anya watched. When she was out of sight, Anya went out of the kitchen and down the hall to the attached garage. She turned on the light and made optical scans of the scene. There were lots of big boxes and big items there, compliments of Robot Control Zero and its attractive but non-friendly courier.

There was a new electric guitar and bass for Mike, along with a keyboard and microphone and the amplifiers for them. There was a drum kit too, but it was still crated up and in pieces. These were expensive toys, but Robot Control always came through for his relatively modest requests.

After Anya had scanned those boxes and read the lettering on them, she turned her attention to a small pile of other boxes along the wall. Soon after, she found what she had come in for. Another expensive toy had been acquired, this time at Anya's request.

The box contained a white, fully assembled and charged AIBO ERS-7 robotic dog. Anya picked up the box and quickly unpacked it. After removing the styrofoam and bubble wrap, she held the dog in front of her and thought about activating it. She decided she would wait till Tammy was there.

Anya happily took the mechanical pet under her arm with her and walked out of the garage, turning off the light and shutting the door behind her. She walked through the hallway and passed one of the maidbots as she went. Anya held the AIBO up to the passing mechanical woman and said "Isn't it neat?"

The maidbot didn't even turn her pretty plastic head and kept right on walking forward; beeping and whirring loudly all the way. Anya stood there and watched the sexy machine move for a while, then walked back to the kitchen.

She put the dog on the center of the table and sat down. She kept an eye on the staircase and waited for Tammy to return. When another few minutes had passed, the pretty brunette android came once again down the staircase. She was now dressed in some comfortable looking jeans and a striped knit sweater with a snowman on the front. That look of worry was still set on her silicone face.

She walked into the kitchen. Her optical scanners immediately detected the robotic dog on the table. That sight initiated a flurry of computations within her chest.

"Is that for me?" she said, sounding genuinely surprised.

Anya grinned and nodded. She stood up.

Tammy's face became animated and joyful. "Oh, he's so CUTE!" she said.

Anya pressed the pause button on the AIBO's back. It immediately came to 'life' and turned its head to look around while the LEDs on its head flashed and the MIDI processors inside played a cheery tune.

"Thank you Anya!!" Tammy said as she rushed around the chairs to give the raven-haired beauty a hug.

"You're welcome Tammy!" Anya said as she returned her tight squeeze and stroked her hand down her back. She wanted so badly to go further and start something sexual, but she let it go.

Tammy stood back and turned her full attention to the dog on the table. It stood up on its hind legs as Tammy held her hand above its head. Its nose met her hand and it barked.

"What are you gonna call it?" Anya asked.

Tammy looked at the robot dog and did some quick research on the internet. "ERS-7" she said.

"But that's just the model number." Anya said.

"I know." Tammy said. "It's a nice name for him too, I think."

"How do you know it's a 'him'?"

Tammy ran that question through her processors while she played with the dogs floppy rubber ears. "I just know." she said.

"Do you want me to make some software improvements to it?" Anya asked.

"Sure, but not right now." Tammy answered. "I want Mike to see him first."