 Pounding on my door while I watch some breaking news on TV. Hot summers day, way too hot to be comfortable, has made me stay indoors instead of working in the field like I should. Growing crops is what I do during this time of year. No work at all, earning nothing is making me really depressed lately. Income is something I should have had by this time but occasional work is not something a man is meant to be proud about. Not be depressed 24/7. To the point of dreaming of slicing ones wrist, eating a bullet, jumping of a high tower. Oh no worries I have other dreams that make my skin crawl. My dreams are mostly waves and waves of nightmares, imagine a grown man pissing himself awake every few nights. The man on the news won't shut up about the recent planetary bombardment that some species of aliens we have wronged in some way did few days ago. Bug eyed freaks.

"I'm coming for fucks sake can you relax your tit!" I open the door and see 4 people in suits I recognize. Mat, Paul, Tim and Jerry. Obvs I fucking punch Jerry in his mouth. He stumbles few feet and drops on his ass. The other three men just watch while the man is staring at me slack jawed.

"How's Jenny? Still ok?" Jenny was supposed to be my wife, but she broke it off saying she loves Jerry, my best friend from the military. Yeah I spent 4 years as a military "enforcer" what they called.

"Goddammit Kal you almost broke my jaw!!!" Jerry screamed while holding two of his front teeth in his hand. 

"You're lucky I did not break your neck, boy" I was happy he was in pain to be honest, Jenny was supposed to be my first. And then this shit happens right when I go in service. Whoever tells you that military service will be a fun and happy place for you, when you are a fat slob that only knows how to jackoff, make them spit their teeth. They are just going to hurt you. 

Imagine an 18 year old going into military service having breasts bigger than Johanna, triple A celebrity, some weird singer with big tits. Men cum in their pants if she looks at them. Imagine what your peers would do to you. It made me different you goddamn right it did. 

The purpose of my military training is we are at apparent war with almost any species that aren't these big motherfuckers. These? You may ask. Yeah Jerry was not a human. But rather a species that's not too different from us humans. Seems like they sport huge frame and muscles. Fucking tallies. You MAY think to yourself that's awfully racist of you Kal. But I'm not racist I just do not like them.

No, no don't get me wrong. I have black, yellow, even white, EVEN white friends for fuck sake. I just hate how these fucks look like. Imagine a man and a woman with big fucking muscles 8 feet tall and with big round eyes. Picks you up, while you are sieging the ground position, and throws you almost over 10 foot wall like it nothing. THAT and take into account that this bastard stole my one time love. Okay he did not steal her per se, but fuck details man. 

Yeah military fucking changed me for the good.

I help my best friend up and let the four men inside my parents' house. Yeah, I live with my parents even in this day in age. The reason is it's cheaper and I help them a lot around the home. Sort of like a male housewife. 

Lead them thru the front door and into the living room. They looked at me waiting me to sit. I obliged, of course I am not a TOTAL asshole. Paul looks at the news: 

"So you already heard the main story. Seems like the bras is rounding up the personnel ready to take charge of the situation." Paul was a hunk of a man, black man 6 foot something. Taller and more handsome than me. He was the leader of the abuse that I experienced first few months I was in boot camp. He was supposed to go to MLB as a star catcher after his service. But during one of his attempts, let's call it that, of abuse towards me, I broke both of his legs and both of his arms. And intentionally. I looked him dead in the eye and told him what was going to happen if he does not stop. He did not. After the incident I spent in some time getting punished for the butchery of their star player, and he was behaving himself around me from that point on. 

"The old crew is gathering up and they want us as well, without us there is not going to be a mission." Again I smiled while Paul was kind of explaining why they were here. "They want their old Captain back"

"HAHAHAHAAHAHAH" I lost it when I heard the last few words, "You mean the people that constantly wanted me to crash and burn, I don't give two shits about the OLD CREW if you want those fuckers then be my guest. After they practically drove me off the military, when I risked my FUCKING life to protect them and your ass" I was slowly losing it, old emotional wounds were opening, and I was starting to have tears in my eyes. I was crying.

"I was on the fucking moon cleaning after you fucks when my parents died. MY fucking family was dead. Fuck you and those emotionless beasts" I had the remote in my hand somehow, I stood and threw it towards the TV, Jerry catching it like it was nothing. Fucking aliens' man.

"I understand we made a mistake by doing that unregulated mission. But we thought you authorized it." Tom said looking down to his feet. All of them were looking down.

"Fucking beasts" if name calling was a weapon I wanted to wield it by all means. My family was having a nice vacation I sent them on with my first paycheck not knowing I was sending them to their deaths. 

I sat back down looking at the ceiling. Jerry was next to me stoic as allways. I can't live my life like this anymore. I'm 28 no job, no prospects, military is everything I know. Even so who's going to hire some soldier who's prone to emotional outbursts? 

"We will leave this here if you change your mind" Mat said taking out a plate with some numbers. I just grumbled and they slowly left one by one. TV was still blaring on and on about the potential risks involving the breeding with the aliens. Journalism the cuck of the world. IF it serves their agenda it will be on. Money is the starting, middle and endgame for these people. I take the remote and change the channel to watch some cartoons. I whisper a tiny fuck you while I hit the channel where I know my favorite cartoon is.

Almost a year and a half ago I was made into Captain of my unit. I got promoted from second lieutenant when our captain decided to ditch the command post when the enemy was about to attack. Our or his job, at that time, was to escort few convoys to the moon using now my men. Simple mission nothing off putting like some books would make you believe, I didn't have the super special mission to save the world. But something more grounded. But still there were some natives that did not like us being on their home planet and whatnot. Last I heard he was serving 10 years in our home planets moon prison hard labor mining for desertion. 

I was not asked to pick a 2nd in command but told to pick someone I never did like. That person was working against the grain and not in the good way. Mostly to hurt anyone that is going ahead of him in career advancement. Military jargon has no name for this kind of person. Slimy fuck that just throws a wrench wherever he wants to. And take into the account that his family was pretty big in intergalactic politics. After the mission was issued to me, the slimy fuck slipped me few sleeping pills and commanded my men to kill some innocent natives. They had weapons but standard issue that we cleared them for before we even entered the area where the convoy was supposed to cross thru. When I learned what has happened my men were on the way, pretty fast mind you, even for the military, to get court martialed. All 15 members of my crew. I suspected that his father was in on it so I was busy on the moon for the most of the month fixing and trying to explain what he had done. After which he was removed from the company and I was to blame for the incident. Afterwards I found that my parents were taken hostage and killed back on Earth while all this took place. By the time I found out I could not even burry them, they were cremated and their ashes thrown out. Like some thrash. Apparently mercenaries were able to go thru the Magnetic Net and land near the resort in search for some rare sex slaves. They took my family hostage when they saw nothing worthwhile in hopes that it will get them free. But we do not negotiate.

Finally when everything has crashed down around me they discarded me like a piece of rotten meat. My men and the Top. The more I thought about the things I went thru for them the less incentive I felt to rejoin this happy go lucky crew that do not care about loyalty or integrity. They were my friends for fuck sake. The devotion I had for those people, I loved them like brothers. 

I was slowly falling asleep while watching Road Runner beat the big bad wolf again and again. 

A woman screaming woke me up and I found I was wet with sweat and piss. Again I dreamt something I could not remember. It's usually a woman or child screaming at the end but I never remember anything. I stood up and went into the bathroom to clean up the piss. I entered the shower and I noticed it was cold water after few minutes. I did not mind. I kind of want this to wash over me.

I feel disgusting.

After the shower I went outside. I heard the late night TV. A character was complaining about having nothing to drink or smoke. I remember reading a few books recently about the same subject. People seemed to love to light a smoke or drink few glasses of whisky. No I do not smoke or drink. My only pass time is games and jacking off. Though I could do less of the later. I went to the fridge to see what I had to eat. I made a sandwich and took a glass of yogurt I was not hungry but it was 6 hours from my last meal. I ate out of necessity.

I noticed the plate on the dining table next to my PAD holographic strip across poked my eyes with the vivid color palate. Goddamn they should take another graphic designer for these things. This is horrific. The amount of light seeping from it almost covered the numbers that were on the piece of metal. Yeah in old days they would use paper for these things but almost 150 years and they never went back. Seems these are better. People always can crumble and lose paper but these DATA strips are much harder to lose track of. "Transit today, Gone tomorrow" was written on the strip. All colors of the rainbow. 

What. The. Fuck. That does not make sense whatsoever, this was supposed to be organization that runs half of the known galaxy. How the fuck does this happen. I was confused but mostly amazed at the fact that part of the war machine that was claiming to be professional lets something like this happen. Big grin on my face I scarfed up the rest of my meal I apparently needed something to relax my brain. "Thank you useless cunts" I said while lifting glass of yogurt and drinking it in one go. I needed that. Before I knew, it was late at night. 03:00 I was sleepy and I went to bed again I had nightmares that made me piss myself. When I woke up I took a shower changed my sheets and started deciding what to wear for this day. I was going to respond or at least have a little chat with my former mates. I was not looking forward to me meeting them, I knew from the start what life, no, what I have done these past few years. Nothing. I could have finished my schooling but I guess I decided to mope around. I was aware about my selfishness in this matter. When I start to think about things, and people whom I'm about to possibly meet I felt giddy. I shave my beard, give my hair minor adjustment here and there but it's mostly tied into ponytail. I probably wanted to do a buzz cut, to be perfectly frank I don't give a fuck. I arrange a short buss to take me to space ferry station. I go pack my things and in no time a beep is heard. I take my things and lock my door. Enter my code and leave. Woman in the buss is pretty gorgeous and after I say hello I am staying silent. The notion of me seeing my crew is still in my mind so any form of chitchat is pretty fast forgotten. Scenery passes by relatively fast and I remember I FORGOT to make call that number on the DATA strip. I ask the woman if she has a phone that I can use for few minutes. She offers me hers and I dial the number. I hear Tom and Jerry behind the voice coms struggling over the line while Paul was asking me why I didn't start the video call.

"Not my phone. I'm coming soon just so you know the meeting place is the headquarters on the Station?" 

"Yeah you can do that the meeting was postponed it has been moved apparently waiting for your response" Paul said.

"Why? I thought it's today." 

"Apparently none of the old crew wanted in if you aren't coming but when they know you are coming they will answer the call." I heard Mat jumping in the conversation that's starting to get noisier and noisier. I was starting to get anxious: "So I put a lock on my house for nothing. I thought everything was ready you just needed me" I started to protest. The lock I was referring to takes few days to subside, prevents criminals from entering, but even you if you have forgotten something. The security that advised me on this is probably having a laugh selling me a defective piece of shit.

"No worries, by tomorrow everyone will be here" Jerry was adamant to scream his lungs off while they were struggling for the position to talk. I hung up and gave back the lady her phone: "Here you are miss. I hope I wasn't too long" 

"No worries." She said pretty happy for some reason. "Are you some sort of soldier?" She asked 

"Yes miss, what gave it away?!" 

The buss stopped at the Space ferry and I hoped out to the driver's side of the vehicle. 

"Miss again I thank you for letting me use your phone. I hope I can compensate you somehow in the future." 

I paid extra she noticed, winked and moved on. I took my stuff and started walking toward the shuttle. The two soldiers in suits saluted me. I returned the salute and froze with the hand on my head, I forgot about the papers I needed for the conformation. Anyone can say they are a soldier... but without a proper badge that proves it nothing can be done, you may be as good as faking everything. While I was lost in space, still saluting, two soldiers were looking at each other. Fuck. I cursed at myself I would usually prepare everything for my old Captain but now... I had no body to give me the paper I needed. 

"Sir are you ok?" the young man did not break salute but still worriedly asked, 

"Ah yes I just remember the papers I need, but did not have." I looked at the man and noticed that he was a she. Not more than 19. Damnit my reptile brain. 

"Are you sure you don't have them with you? Since you know where to go and all." The woman said while ending the salute in the same time as me. She was a bit snarky. Probably thinking I have lost my mind. Gradually I remembered the DATA strip. I started to rummage thru my pockets and gave her what I was left with. Usually this is not the same but I had a feeling about the strip that it might be something more. 

"CAPTAIN KAL. It's you." The young woman screamed, "I apologize for the inappropriate conduct I have shown you" bowing horizontally the man next to her observed this with his eyes in disbelief. 

"It's ok calm down miss," I told her to calm her down. I looked around and asked: "Can you explain to me what to do next I've only been told to get to the station? Nothing else" I explained

She started looking red in the face, while I looked at her "Ummu yes sir please follow me" she said and started to walk. Cute ass. I thought my dick getting slowly harder. Reptile brain. Fuck sake. I did not masturbate for few days and started to feel stuff I did not want other people to be aware. 

We spent few minutes walking. We arrived in front of the ship that was supposed to go to the space station. 

"When is the flight?" I asked. 

"Captain, whenever you are ready, sir" she answered. "We were waiting for you to arrive to set off."

I noticed that behind me was that other guy. Readily shutting the gates and moving towards us.

"Pam, everything is ready. We set off whenever ready" The soldier from the shuttle came and informed her.

"So you're Pam. I'm Kal pleased to meet you." I offered my hand. She took it. Her hands were soft. "Let's go find a seat then"

We enter the ship that looks like a normal airplane. We sit in our designated seats and I notice that no other people are inside besides me and Pam. Pilot leaves us and enters the cockpit. Copilot comes next and informs us that we'll be at the space station in 4 hours' time. I thought I could catch some sleep. Moving to make myself more comfy I start to doze off. Again screaming and begging, but I do not wake up. I see a figure approaching hairs on the back of my neck stand up immediately. I start to grab my weapon but it jumps at me and I'm shaken awake. 

I see Pam's worriedly watching me, my pants are soaked in what I think is piss but thankfully it's just sweat from my body. My face is wet with sweat, I walk to the ships bathroom and wash up. I exit and see Pam looking at me waiting for me to start talking. 

"Captain Kal are you all right?" she asks me, 

"No. I'm not. Thank you for asking." I smile this woman is worried about me. She holds a bottle of water and I take it and take a giant swig from it.

"Sir I drank from that." She says.

"And?" 

"I thought you might want to know" she started, "I am a man, sir"

"Really?" I say without batting an eye "And?" I continue to drink while looking her.... Um--- him in the eye.

"I thought you should know" she continued, "Most people in the army are disgusted by my appearance." I can see why it pretty devastating for a macho man to find out that the one he is attracted to is a guy. Kind of puts a damper on things, at least for most people. I however masturbated to cute she male porn few dozen times. I might be delusional but I like to see a cute feminine men. It might be redundant, but I do not give a shit. I finished my water gave it back to him and pat his head. He was shorter, much shorter than me. He trembled a little but soon relaxed. 

"So how long was I out?" I asked. 

"About an hour, then you started to shake." He answered. I returned to my seat. He followed and took the seat opposite of me.

"So feminine male in the military, I'm sorry for asking but how long were you in" 

"Almost a year. I hope I could become a captain of a ship someday and command a crew of thousands. But as you see I had been dealt a horrible card with this body."

I took a picture of my former self and handed it to him. "You see this fat slob. What do you think?" He was wide eyed staring at the old picture of mine. "Is this you sir. You were ...."

"Fat as fuck" I finished

"I apologize." He kept looking at the picture in disbelief. 

"You can keep that, whenever you think that cards might be working against you just take a look at that. Some people had and have it worse. You being weak has nothing to do with it."

He took my picture and smiled. 

After that I nodded off again, no dreams just sweet embrace of the sleep. Later Pam woke me up telling me that we have almost arrived.