 We could see the Space Station. Gently rotating around its axis. 400 year history, it was massive almost 5 miles across by some accounts, it had to be, since many number of people were using it as a stop station to earth and all. Any number of days you could see aliens on it just living their lives normally, waiting to eventually move on to next part of their journey or to land on good ol' planet Earth.

We docked and while I took my stuff from the overhead compartments I sadly knocked over Pam. While helping him up I bumped my hardening cock into him. It was not noticeable but still he must've felt that. I couldn't care less but still I could feel a light nip on my conscience, he was beet red and I noticed he was looking down my pants. I said sorry and helped him to carry his things off the ship, of course he was protesting. A senior officer doing this is not bad per se, some may frown on but I think mostly that he let me, I could not care less what people think about me though.

We exited the ship just to see few female soldiers. We moved further away from ship dodging around personnel that were working, everybody was acting like we were inanimate objects on the road that obstructed their progress. After ten or so people I managed to bump and knock over two guys. I was going to apologize but they had friends that started to chirp and wanted to start some shit with me for some odd reason. Pam was a good guard and managed to guide me thru them, they saw him and I saw they were enchanted by his exuding femininity. I had a small smile on my head while watching Pam's tight little ass moving and remembering what the men thought. Few hot women were working in station that I started ogling but I managed to follow Pam to our last stop. A personnel station. The guy behind it stared at me. I introduced and took the strip to show him. The man quickly stood up, saluted and dashed further into the back for some reason. The men and women that were around saw this and were looking at me with odd stares.

"I'm so sorry, sir. Please your room is this way." Calling a soldier to escort us to our designated rooms. I started to smile more and more. I won't lie I enjoyed the attention. 

Pam and me were left alone, we both entered my quarters, the room was pretty normal. Not big but pretty much enough for few grown men to move about. I threw my two bags on the bed, while Pam was waiting. He saluted when I turned, I did the same, and he left for his own space. As I have slept in the ship, I decided to go search for a meal. The room did not have a kitchen nor one of those portable stoves. I saw Pam getting dragged by 2 of those soldiers' friends I knocked over. I lightly grinned and followed them I wanted to see the surprise.

They led him to a storage room where the big guys waited, they striped him down to underwear. I almost whistled, he WAS wearing women's underwear, so nice. The men noticed the small bulge in his underwear one of the two big guys took a knife:

"This is going to be fun." Horrendous smile on the guys face. 

Some men just don't deserve the right to breed.

I put my leg on the wall opposite of me and took Karen out of my boot. She was my trusty blade, Tactical 12 inch survival knife I received from my late father when I entered the army. Pam was screaming when they took their cocks out and started to surround him. I exited my cover and silently approach the biggest guy in the room. I rather violently swung my boot and crushed his balls and cock. The man instantly passed out puking all over himself. While staring at me, two guys started to move while the bigger guy went with a tackle, one side step and I broke both of his knees. 

Two remaining.

I held Karen and threw her between the legs of the man that was staring me. Now both men were still as a statue while I approached them and Pam. 

"Names!" I just said, while taking their dog tags in my hands and looking at them. 

Peter Konway, 

Gerrard Stud. 

Damn no wonder they were feeling privileged. "Peter, Gerrard." I said they started to shake cocks rapidly deflating. There is something satisfying here knowing that they suffer. Pam still was trembling, while standing naked. "Both of you go away, I see you again near us I'll cut your cocks of and feed them to you. Understand?" They nodded and ran out the storage room naked, forgetting the men on the ground. God this was stupid. I noticed how beautiful Pam was. But now is not the time. Emotional distress 101.

Took my shirt and covered Pam with it. Took him in my hands while he was crying and carried him in my room. He was still shaking like a leaf. Glass of water and some sleeping pills to calm his nerves. 

"Sleeping pills no worries," he took it and drank the water without a pause. Soon he fell asleep still crying. 

Damn I thought I had it hard. I remember why I was out, I was hungry and wanted to eat something. Cantina was still open let's go there. I told myself. Ladies behind the counter at the cantina were incredibly gorgeous. I suddenly felt bad for not using the opportunity while Pam was in such a state. I shook it off and chided myself. I started throwing food on my plate, way too much for one person to eat in one siting, but I was always a heavy eater, on top of that I was extremely hungry. So by the end I had two plates full of various food. I sat in the middle, and saw 7 soldiers talking that I thought I recognized from somewhere. Two men and five women, I always thought that military might secretly employ models and actors since everybody was good looking, especially service women. Contrary to the movies and TV shows, especially of the older days, the damsel in the distress syndrome was pure fantasy in the army. One woman can stand frontline and center to any one man toe to toe. Now they are not equal but they are equally treated. There are always few punks who think they are pretty manly men and try to grope one of these women, but soon enough they are picking their teeth of the floor. 

I continued eating and watching the people siting and talking when someone sat opposite of me on the same table. It was Paul. 

"I thought you'd be here," I've never seen him this exited. "Everyone responded to the call, they are coming, meeting with the boss is tomorrow morning 08:00," he stated in military jargon, got to say never was a fan of that distinction but I still use it.

"So what now?" I asked him, but I was pretty pissed at myself for not confirming the meeting time. "I was fucking treated like a goddamn movie star. Did you do something about that?" I asked while eating.

"Yeah I thought you'd needed the attention after the debacle that the military gave us...Look we are sorry for operating over your head, but we honestly thought it was your direct orders," he started to apologize.

"Do you remember the academy, and the boot camp what they thought us about receiving and issuing any order?" I asked him starting to get pretty annoyed by his lack of responsibility.

"Never give or take orders unless at least 10 people and your CO is present at giving and receiving," we both recited the regulation that we first received during one lesson. "So you neglected to follow protocol and got yourself and your fellow soldiers into a probable way to prison. If I did not had the love for the guys I befriended I'd left you frying. Even CO was pretty stupefied by my actions." 

"Yeah." He just stated making me angrier. I stood up finishing my meal and said "I'm going to bed, I'll come to commanding room first thing tomorrow morning." I exited cafeteria and moved to my room Pam was still sleeping on my bed. I decided to take a sleep on the floor while I wished that the dreams will at least keep my bladder in check.

A person's foot was on my face when I woke up, Pam stood on it and did not know I was beneath his spot of the bed. He stepped off immediately apologizing about his behavior that I did not care about. I had not dreamed that night and was pretty proud of the fact, my cock was standing at the obvious misuse that Pam was giving me, I am not a masochist but I do love the occasional cold shoulder. I checked the clock and it was 07:45 almost time for that meeting. I clean up, brush teeth with Pam inside and few occasional bumps with my penis on and around his ass made the morning a lot more fun. 

I made sure to corner him with my bulky body and pin him against the bathroom wall. I was strangely aroused by this young man, I've never had a thing for men, but he was the first one that made me want to ravish him. I leaned in and kissed him lightly on the lips, not asking for permission. I could just take out my throbbing member and just splurge my lust all over him but I enjoyed this. I still had one more crush around, ebony goddess that I always watched and wanted to make mine. 

He was returning my kiss, which surprised me, I hugged him slowly he was so tiny I could break him in two. Tiny bulge told me he was loving this. Pam drooled all over my T - shirt, his kiss was so sweet. My inexperience made me shake, from holding back, and from all the pent up frustration from not masturbating for few days. I let go my kiss reluctantly and stare at his eyes.

"We are going to be late if we take too much time."

"Yes we are Sir." Pam laughed while letting me go. 

After we relaxed our shaking bodies from not proceeding with the deed we dressed up and left my room.

We entered a large room where around 20 people were already siting and when I entered every one of those people stood and as one saluted my way. 

I noticed I knew 15 of those people they were all men and women in my unit, the rest I never met I assumed they were part of another crew, I saluted back, took my hat off and proceeded to sit down in front where Jerry was sitting with Pam right beside me. Mat, Phil and Tom were behind us giving a back story to the rest of the crew that just arrived this morning. We were waiting for the CO to come and debrief us on why our team is forming again. Even though we have been active for 3 years had around 20 missions 18 of which was escorting from point A to B. 

A man around his 50's came in and we recognized him as CO so we all stood up and saluted. He was followed behind by 2 people a man and a gorgeous beauty of a woman. I think she had some alien DNA in her since she was 6'9'' with muscles here and there not too big but still noticeable.

"At ease men, as you know your unit is being reformed around your old commanding officer, Captain Kal Farah. Reason for summoning you again is to form a ground task force in a M class planet in Solanje star system. We have reason to believe that, while the planet seems inhabitable, there is sufficient evidence that it has been until just a decade ago. By our initial research the civilization seemed to be warp capable and at least at a same strength as our own. Most of it has completely vanished." He took a long drawn pause to catch his breath and clean his glasses.

You could see that this was not a combat ready man and that the pictures are slowly getting to his mind.

"Sir you said "Most of it" does that mean that there are survivors?" A woman in her mid 30's asked a question that was on some people's minds. 

"Yes, there are approximately 250 survivors that we could scan from space. They are all concentrated on 10 mile radius with base of operations being a single large structure. The structure is being surrounded lately by emerging pockets of what seems to be villages that are getting larger the more time passes. New ones of course getting created on irregular intervals."

"As of few days ago the villages that were created disappeared in a planetary bombardment similar to what has happen in South Africa. Villages were completely incinerated and we have no idea how many survivors are left." This time the large woman spoke and when she was finished she gave an odd look to her colleague. She then said, "We have no way of knowing where the remaining survivors are and any probes we send to the surface have been mysteriously destroyed by something or someone. We decided that the survivors are of outmost importance and we are going to send you down to extraction. You and your team are to use all means to search and rescue every member you can find. Second priority is returning any evidence on what could be causing this destruction." The woman finished her portion of debrief session. God she is incredible. I love when a woman is in charge. 

"Considering that your teams numbers are low at this moment we decided to add five more members that are former space tactical extraction unit, you can meet them at your leisure time but they are permanent fixture of your team." So deal with it, I could feel the man next to aging CO almost saying. Honestly I couldn't be fucked but another obvious gofer to the higher-ups will make things more difficult. I released a drawn out sigh.

"Captain KAL" the skinny man almost spitting screamed at me "do you have anything to add?" I smirked. This guy... I could feel Tom and Paul shift behind me, probably nervous at my emotional outburst yesterday, honestly I was ashamed of that display. 

"Oh sorry, I just wanted to know what in the case of hostile encounters, what are our orders then?" I stared at this whiny looking man that no matter how much he tries to dominate me with his so called aura. He can try but I could probably out piss it. 

"Regarding that you are to respond appropriately according to Article 30 of inter galactic engagements." CO just said as a matter of fact. 

"Shoot when shot upon, Yes sir" I bluntly said. I turned slowly and noticed that we were missing medics, our current one is pretty wet behind her ears, and any major injury is probably going to get poorly treated. Let's have faith in our medic, Taryn has seen some stuff and I would not take nothing away from her, especially the opportunity to learn. 

"When are we to leave?" I asked another question that concerned me. 

"In four hours. Your personal starship class Y will be provided you with crew and captain already appointed." We were getting a starship ... I was flabbergasted, it was usually reserved to people that did more exclusive and promoting missions. I was happy of course no matter what kind of ship, to give it for a personal use of a captain of crew of 20 people was pretty major achievement in on itself. I noticed the skinny man having incredibly sour expression on his face, probably not liking me or my team.

"This meeting is adjourned" the CO said and left the meeting room, we stood again and waited while he turned out the door. I looked the watch on Paul's wrist; only 10 minutes. That was pretty fast. 5 new members looked my way and were talking amongst them, I decided to approach and introduce myself to new arrivals. I approached and heard two of them whisper something. 

"Hello fresh blood. My name is Kal Farah. I'm Captain of our unit, I wish we can work together." I said in one breath. Did not stutter one beat if I say so myself. I could see the reaction changing in 5 people's eyes. The first to jump was the woman that asked the question, 30 something year old beauty. Valentina, how she introduced herself, had black hair black eyes, same height as me 6''2' pretty well built. She saluted. The rest followed 3 women and 2 men. 2 men I thought were bodybuilders bigger and more handsome than me. The 2 remaining beauties were as gorgeous as our former beauty. Various shapes and sizes of breasts. I could only admire the complex nature of our genes. Suzan, Sonya, Starg and Pupa were their names. 

"Okay lets rock and roll. We are going to stretch in the stations gym for an hour, eating is 10:00 and then we are going to prep our gear to depart. You are most welcomed to join us." I said and moved with the team to nearby gym that was open to all members of military. I was reinstated without much effort.

When we arrived I made my way to the western side of the area with a mat and started to stretch. My muscles were pretty much still there working with hard equipment was not easy day after day. And I noticed judging from looking at my crewmates backs I wasn't lacking in any department, I was having more then some. I was still reluctant to take my shirt off since 20 years of having boobs will do that to you, but I was pretty buffed up now if I have to say so myself. But in the back of my mind I was always that fat guy with breasts. 

I noticed that all of my team was slowly surrounding me. They started asking bunch of questions that I was glad to answer and most were delighted to see me. Jerry and two buff dudes were talking among them about something I could barely hear. They are probably going to ask for a spar or something. 

I was glad that my team was happy to see me. I would think that Paul asked them to do that but I could not be bothered to ask him about it, Pam was sitting at the stand working on something on his own PADD, apparently he was staying around me for personal reasons I have yet to realize. While I was looking at Pam I noticed a black girl I liked slowly approach me. 

She was Anna. Black queen of the mat. An old style jiu-jitsu user that used holds and pins in most of our fights, which I could never win. I give as well as I can but she was always on top in the end. She said often to me that the only real opponent she ever had was me, apparently she couldn't beat me as fast as others for some reason. 

I stretched my arms to hug her, and she jumped up held one of them and before I knew I was pinned under her hard muscle thighs. We had a crowd around us so I couldn't do anything overtly sexual to remove her but what I could do is inhale her scent. I could see her mischievous smile I did this once and she said it made her hearth skip a beat. I offered my arm and she took it into a lock, I smiled back and used that opportunity to put her into a chokehold. My legs around her waist. I smiled looking at opportunities that I could use to kiss this big beauty. People started to ignore us and turn to their activities. I slowly leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. She was blushing now but still trying to find a way out of my lock. There is no escape. She finally realized this and taped three times slowly on my close cheek. I was still holding her when she turned her head to meat mine and we were now looking at each other. I slowly was developing feelings for this person but still afraid of doing anything that would endanger our current relationship. 

I stood up after a while, my cock hard as a rock I was having a hard time controlling my feelings but I had to for this person. I wanted to gently rub her cheek and thank her for the spar but I did not want her to feel I was forcing something she did not want. Do not ask me how I won against a black belt but perhaps she let me win, that was an obvious excuse. About why would she let me win? Maybe being her superior has something to do with it.

Soon it was 10 AM and it was time to go eat breakfast. I had 2 more spars against the big guys that just were added in my team, they were smirking all along but in few seconds they were out cold, and 3 females just stared at their crewmate's pathetic display of power.

We all had breakfast and soon was time to equip ourselves with gear. I ordered my men to go into storage room and start preparing. I wanted to know what will Pam do now that he's forced to stay with us, "I do not mind" he said "I will gladly accompany you anywhere." 

I asked the CO for his transfer to my team exclusively, when I was asked the reason why he was to transfer, well a little white lie helped there a whole lot.

I was really glad when he said that. We followed stream of people to armory, and started to take our armor and guns. 

For this mission we had our military grade Exo suits tailor suited and only accessible to its owner. Exo suits had installed voice com with DATA pads for better information distribution between members of its force. Everybody had their own distinct color. 
