 My estimate of 3 hours slowly dissolved, when I saw that time was passing by quicker than I had expected, night slowly falling and we still did not arrive at our location. However we could see in the distance just over the large hill a structure peeking. We walked slowly sticking close to shade and trees just in case that some random eye getting a glimpse of us, we separated far apart as well so we could easily get to cover and avoid any possible traps that my fall in front. I had point followed by Suzan, Anna and Valentina. Starg had our back. Each one of them followed me in 10 yard increments. Random trees here and there for us to walk close to them but still not quite enough of them to be called a forest. My probes formed a mile radius around me scanning the area almost continuously. 

Another hour passed. Slowly we reached the top of the hill. Lying on my stomach on hot ground I used my visor to get close eye of the ship that I saw in the distance. Structure towering not even 10 yards behind it. 

Grunt class space ship. We used military jargon calling him that because it was little, powerful and usually used for new pilots to get them used to flying. This one had some strange markings all over the hull. But it was a Gal Federation starship probably stolen from military. How? My brain thought it was impossible that a military ship would be just stolen like a pack of candies and not get reported. It was truly strange.

Structure was massive, with one sharp tower. I cannot describe it with my monkey brain. Silver lights slowly jumped whenever sun rays would touch it, the building was blinding but perhaps it had its purpose for being that way. Probes sent information to me and my team that it had around 2 massive floors underground. It used sonar pings to determine that area around the tower was coated in some strange and sturdy alloy that would attract sounds to it. 

Searing sun made me want to remove the helmet and chuck it far away. Sweat was dripping into my eyes, but for all the technology we poses we could not install some AC in the suits. 

"Let's move" I stood up and slowly approached the landed craft. Sudden screams from the structure made me abandon idea of boarding the ship and exploring it. "Form up front, weapons ready!" We moved in to the entrance of the structure. Area inside was walled of in front of us but the path was proceeding to one side you could see it bending backwards and going further in. Screams were more audible and we proceeded to move silently and carefully behind the wall and into the massive area that had a strange empty feel to it. There was a woman screaming further in surrounded by 4 human soldiers with patches removed. 

Deserters. The worst of the scum. I showed the number and signal, thumb across my index finger forming a cross. My unit nodded and aimed at their marks. The silencer modules added made the work pretty fast, silent and most importantly deadly. I left one target alive just barely. 

"Check the civilian. I'll interrogate the solder." I approached the fallen soldier gasping for air. Blood was already spilling from his mouth. Damnit maybe I missed. I put my boot on his wound. "How many of you are here?" I asked a simple question but the deserter died smiling. Probably knowing he fucked us over. But, thing is, Grunts usually carry up to 12 people. Glance of the open interior of the craft showed me that most of it was removed for their cargo. So still that's probably 8 more people here in this building.

"Reload. Anything from the civilian?" 

"Nothing sir she is still shaking like a leaf. Probably trauma." Suzan said while Anna was trying to make her drink something.

"Never mind, we'll continue inside slowly. Maybe we'll meet more of them. If we do, we take them, if possible, alive." This was my first hearing Starg voice his own opinion. So far the huge man stood still and took orders pretty calmly, even his voice had a strange hint of intelligence behind it. I had nothing to object to he made perfect sense to me and my orders would be similar. 

"Perfect. Suzan, Cay can you handle her for now? We will be back after searching for few minutes, Valentina will help you out after she places IMR around your position." IMR I was referring to was Infrared Movement Reader. Small devices you place around, usually in doors, for better protection. Anything that breaks the lasers that appear will alert the original owner of the devices. You usually carry a secondary device on your person no bigger than a watch. Removing our visors to prepare for the climb down.

Separating from the two and leaving Valentina to set the Net around them, we spent few minutes descending the long stairs down into the ground. Even before I launched my drones I thought the structure went up but apparently the structure was mostly located into the ground. First floor had many rooms adjacent to the main path that we were taking. It will take us hours to clear everything up I decided to move further down, after placing my own IMR around the entrance to the stairs. 

We proceeded down. After another minute or so we started to hear laughing. I held my hand up and told Anna and Starg to hang tight. Also I sent the info about the missing room to 2 women on the top floor. It was imperative that they knew, but what made it risky is if our enemy had our com frequency they could easily tune in. Radio silence was important here since we were talking about ex-military soldiers that probably have knowledge about what we were doing here. 

"We are filthy rich. I tell you our boss will love this, probably as much as that woman we left him with." One soldier was much closer than I had originally thought right behind the bend. He looked up and we locked our eyes staring each other while waiting for something.

I was much faster and I knew exactly what to do. While my victim was unaware that we were even here. My heavy boot smacked him directly on the face breaking bones, teeth and probably his neck. He went down limp while his partner behind him was still chatting away. We moved silently down, moving over the fallen soldier and slowly approaching the end of the stairwell. 

The entrance was just 10 feet in front of us with the soldier standing right in front of it, his back turned towards us. Taking my knife I moved slowly towards him while Anna and Starg had my flanks. Quick stab thru the back of his neck made his death pretty messy but quiet. The room in front of us was a storage hold 2 stories deep, they were probably going outside to check on that woman. 

The room was full of containers, I had no idea how long it was but the containers were stacked on top of another. A long platform could be seen going to our left side with a strange room on the end of it. The room was probably 500 feet wide on one side. Strange metal floor made our boots clank while walking so we moved slowly as not to alert anyone in the vicinity. I thought about releasing my drones but I did not know what our enemy would do if they notice us.

My shoulder was taped and Anna pointed towards the room in front of us. 2 figures were raping a woman on the ground. An alien woman. She was not screaming or crying but silently watching. We noticed that more soldiers were inside I saw every one of those scum waiting for their turn. I saw their commander sitting on a chair looking at the spectacle and stroking his cock. The men waiting on their turn were loudly yelling and making fun of the woman, one of them started pissing on her.

Fuck this.

We started to move pretty quickly the noise of the soldiers was loud enough for use to move without worrying about the noise our boots may make. 

"Aaaah. I'm going to cum. Man this cunt here is something." The soldier taking his turn was pretty fast coming to his end, both in his sexual deed and my MG250 about to bore a hole thru his head. 

The fire was masked by their yelling and jeering. So they didn't notice that their little friend had a hole thru his head with blood gushing all over. Starg and me moved fast and took out 4 people pretty fast, with broken necks they slumped to the ground. The ones left were commander and his lackey jacking his dick of over the woman. They watched us slack jawed while they lost majority of their team in blink of an eye. 

Maybe they were close to ejaculating, but their cocks started to pour cum over one another while they scrambled to get to their guns. Anna used her gun to tell them they are being watched pretty closely. 

First priority was the woman on the ground. We took care of her, cleaned her up and injected her with a drug that will make her sleep. We simulated the drug that the alien woman could take. While we did that we had a better look on her condition, she was not as malnourished as others but still she had cuts and bruises all over her body and face. Probably from the "fun" that the soldiers were having.

She was safe and sound and Anna was keeping an eye on her with Starg watching the area outside for any solder we might have missed.

Cum and piss from these lowlifes insulted my nose. So I spat on the floor while moving a chair near the two men. They were watching my every action. 

"Hah, big boy soldier wants gold all for his self." The aide to the commander spat brave lines while I looked at him. A second later he made funny noises while bones around his face slowly contorted from the punch I gave him. He could not vocalize his thoughts from the amount of the pain he was under. Few minutes of watching this act he started to get his emotions in order and pain was probably more bearable. "You...piece...of shit... I'll fucking KILL you." He screamed at me while I watched his tirade. He pointed his finger at my chest and I used my foot to break his legs. Both of them. He screamed in pain and went down to the floor slamming into his own soldiers' piss and cum. I could hear him gurgle blood and spit, possibly, even cum one could only hope. 

"Now, that we got rid of that. I assume you are the commanding officer of this... unit... I use this word as lightly as possible to describe you people." I was talking silently, pretty pissed at the events I just saw regarding the woman we saved. "You will tell me if there are anymore of you here." I took my Karen and slowly placed it on his cock.

"6 more people on top." He was trembling while my knife went up and down his rapidly deflating member.

I took my data pad and showed him the video I had of his soldiers getting murdered few minutes ago. "Are these the soldiers? Remember honesty is the best policy." I slowly whispered my words to him. He nodded his head once while staring at my face. 

"Now another question why are you here?!"

"We heard on radio that there are vaults in this place filled with gold. We thought we would search for it and get rich quick you know before anyone knew." Commander started to shake while I by accident made a tiny cut on his penis.

"Don't bullshit me. You lot had no marks on your uniforms, that ship is years old, now tell me the truth why are you here or this little fella will disappear." I patted his member with the side of my blade while he was shaking. Fear was pretty evident on his face making me feel little bit sorry for the poor guy. But then I remember what they actually did to the woman and the feeling was replaced by the need to see this man in huge amounts of pain.

"OKAY! Slave's man we were searching for slaves. We usually get a barge fill it up with loot maybe men and women if we find any and then move it to sell. The profit is insane. Some pay billions for a right slave. Listen. I'll give you a cut 80% if you join us. Even MY unit." He was belligerent "Just let me go" begging for his release. I wonder how many times this poor woman begged for release.

"Why here? Who sent you?" I was pretty adamant about finding about his so called employer.

The man was starting to piss himself, probably out of fear when he saw that his promise of a cut was not affecting me, the urine had pungent odor, "Nobody sent us, we knew from stories around random stations we visited that this planet had opportunities to have incredible loot. We weren't wrong. We fought few Grunz off but we haven't seen any in few weeks." 

"How many?!" I came near his face odor of his piss still in the air. I wanted to grind my foot in his face. Anything just to make this man beg for mercy.

"What???" He screamed "What do you mean? 

"How many people did you take from this place?" I smacked him out of frustration and his body easily flew to a wall few feet to the left of us. Blood was forming around his lips. Table that was standing right behind him I easily overturned with one hand even though it was pretty sizable.

"NONE. We couldn't take them they all ran into a vault my men tried to open it but nobody could. They are in there for few days now." His voice was now on verge of crying. 

"HOW MANY?" I screamed last question, my two unit members flinching at the volume I was unaware I could accomplish.

He winced shaking, I couldn't care less, "at least 200" his final answer that I waited. 

I took his head and slammed it down on the floor where his piss already mixed with other soldiers bodily fluids. He screamed and passed out while I snapped his arm in half. The other man already was laughing with empty eyes. Out of fear or otherwise. I lifted the poor woman and we followed the path outside to the floor beneath. I saw the vault he was talking about and various marks the soldiers made trying to open the door. The doors were massive and gold marks of craftsmanship could be seen here and there. Four hinges on sides of the door told me that it was probably a mechanical double door vault. Now we needed to wait for people to from the inside, but I had no idea if they had a way to see what happened outside. 

While thinking that we heard door starting to open.

"Relax. Everyone weapons down. We mean no harm to these people" I ordered Anna and Starg but they never moved, still gently holding the sleeping woman in my arms. One after the other aliens started to flood where we were standing. Making me feel small and unimportant. They all had amazing eyes. Now more definite, I could see that they shared some similarities to us humans but the face is where it ends. Body was thin but obvious muscles could be seen all over. Bald heads and big circle around some aliens' heads. Maybe some ornaments that they use to distinguish one person from the other. The skinny bodies that I saw in the Village did nothing but mislead my overall description of the aliens. These individuals were clearly healthy.

Moving with them we started to collect their important belongings and move to go outside. I needed to radio in my position and call for ship to land, we could not move with 200 people with just 6 people. 

"Cay, Suzan, Valentina. It's us. We found some more people down there, with 2 prisoners. Take care of them." I let them collect their stuff before issuing my orders. "Cay start setting up camp here make sure these people are ready to go any second. Take count and report to me with their numbers. Suzan one more for you to take care of make her as comfortable as you can. Valentina start removing IMR's, Anna and Starg I'll leave you with the prisoners. I'll go radio in our finds."

I spent few minutes with Captain Connor talking what we had found here. He was worried that the military had no idea this ship was missing. He had the same thoughts I did about the reasons as to why. Either someone was helping them remove the trackers or we had a traitor that was helping the slave traders.

Now that we had our UT's working we easily spent conversing with the aliens around us. Seems like The Breach team never did get t heirs installed since their commander said they are not there for talking. I find it hard moving with group of people that you had to have some trust in, and not let them at least talk to you or talk about your commands. 

I handed them their own chips which they gladly injected. They were smiling making chit chat with the aliens, making them feel safer around us. We waited for the ship to come maybe even reunite some of the broken families.