 It's an ongoing rule in humans, once someone loses all family members, they can search for another parent household that can take care of them, provided they contribute to the family instead of just leeching off it. These are called formally Branches. Guided by main house or Tree. Everything that the main house says is set in motion by its members. Of course priority is given to those that cannot take care of themselves such as children and seniors, but most of the population that has lost its members found this fairly new code to be uplifting to their overall psychological growth as a human being. 

No we weren't awoken to this sudden realization that we can help, house, feed, and eventually bring up competent human beings, instead of them going to gangs and criminal activities. We were sort of forced to adjust. Humans have imbedded need to survive and even if something sounded so insane one day has become truly redeemable and accepted. Famine and starvation eradicated most of the population while other half either lived in poverty or in absolute luxury. 

Pockets of humans, that found this pretty irredeemable, started a movement, and leading by example started housing, helping and eventually finding work for these poor individuals. My late family was the same. They would receive people to help them and in certain amount of months they would provide them with housing, jobs and most importantly a name that they can live by. 

We had around 5 families that we helped build up into proper managing houses but that number was nothing, we were at the bottom of the barrel, since most families went their separate ways and joined stronger branches that meant better job allocation. Again it's not a perfect system, competition is rampant but still it's better than every human being impoverished and truly bound by circumstances of their birth.

By the time I lost my family there were several others ready to take me in and give me anything I needed. I love my current household parents but I sometimes feel that I'm not needed. I guess it's hard even after 250 year tradition, even I sometimes feel it's a new product where I am just being a burden. 

The display sings few times telling me the call is on hold while I wait my branch Sister to do her hair. She cannot be seen in a light that shows that she's few years older than me. Still very desirable and lovely lady. I just call her Sister. While I wait for the ship to come I decided to talk to her and see what's up back home, Anna comes with the 2 prisoners while one of them drools like a mind jacked thrall. The other simply stares angrily at me for few seconds then turns his head in panic, after I return with my own stare. The face on Anna shows me that smell of cum and piss is still strong on them. 

The table shakes after the dirt shifts few times under it from all of the running and walking the aliens around me are doing. Seems like they are settling in temporary with blankets in random areas of the stone staircase leading into the temple. Most of them are still inside but some of them exited the temple to enjoy the evening sun. 

"I'm back" the VID pack is back on and I can see a big red curly hair. Like a lions mane it was everything I could view for few seconds on the VID screen while she adjusted her camera.

"I thought you were doing your hair Sister." I teased, and she looked truly the same when she paused the call.

"Girl always does her hair, so how are you doing today?" Her rebuttals were always on point and sounded like nothing a 30 something lady should say.

"I'm pretty much the same, I got called in again to do a mission. So I'm probably going to miss your birthday Sis." I was truly sorry for doing this but she's everything to me. Begging her father to take me in her main family as a brother was something I'll never repay. This person was my best friend since I was 3 damn it. 

"You called just for that? Has something happened? You never call unless something unnerved you. Tell me now." She sounded worried but mostly irritated for some reason. 

"I'm okay, it's just work related I wanted to see you. So how does it feel when you are 15?"

"Oh! Hah ha." She smiled sarcastically. "Last year it was Gal currency, which are you using now to measure my age?!?!"

"I'll never tell." I pouted and brought my hand to my lips "Okay, got to go. Love you Sis." Kissed my palm and sent it to the monitor. She followed by holding her arm to the camera as if to catch my kiss.

Ending the call I closed my station and started to view the incredible sight in the distance. The sun was slowly coming down as if to nestle in bunch of hills and mountains, sea of red and white emanating from the horizon, while 5 moons were visible with all their might and glory. I saw in the distance an outline of the ship it arrived much sooner than I anticipated. I started to drag my feet inside hearing the women scream as if waking from a bad nightmare. But everything was real and a lot of healing will have to be done to help them move on. 

I grabbed my pack and Cay's and took the 4 lights we had for camping in the dark, they were 4 disks that emanated light around 10 yard radius, so every one of us had 2 which was enough to get us for a long while. You could refill the energy they were dissipating by leaving them in the sun. I went outside while Suzan managed to calm down the woman that we rescued in the guard house underground. I went few feet in front of the deserter's ship and set up lights around the front area of the temple. By then Blackness was close enough to see it and it approached for landing procedure. I could not wait to be reunited with my unit. 

I saw Anna going into the deserter's ship, I wanted to talk to her after everything that has happened. I saw her talking with Starg in front of the handcuffed deserters. I stopped in front of the ramp leading into the tiny Grunt while I felt the wind of the now landing Blackness now fully evident in her majestic size and glory. I found it awe-inspiring how such a small ship could block the view with its 200 crew capacity. I slowly went up the ramp while the wind from the starship disrupted the landscape, I saw Anna talking to Starg about something. I could not hear clearly from all of the noise by the settling Blackness. They noticed me, Starg and Anna were angry about something.

"What's wrong?" I asked while the noise outside was settling down, enough for us to hold a comfortable conversation.

"Boss we found something. You better look at it." Anna guided behind the metal wall where they were talking. We walked over and had enough room to maneuver, which was pretty strange for the ship of this size. It seemed modified to accommodate cargo of some sorts. She led me to series of small cages, chains could be seen on back wall. They were probably used to hold the animals that they had on board, maybe eventually releasing them to hunt for their 'loot'. There were 10 cages in total. In 2 rows of five. 

Approaching the cages I thought about the reason why one would had them on board of the ship, "Slaves probably? Do we know where they are?"

"We haven't seen any with them here so I guess they must have a base of operations somewhere close." Anna answered my question.

"As soon as we get the natives safe, grab a team and strip this ship for information. Then we'll interrogate the soldiers."

I exited the ship to greet my unit. And scramble of soldiers going back and forth were in my view carrying various supplies. I saw Lilith holding one of the women we rescued and happily smiling my way. Paul, Tom, Mat and Jerry were walking my way and I briefed them on the situation that has happened, the prisoners were safely holed up in a makeshift prison on the edge of the temple. 

"Listen help Anna and Starg and go up and down the ship for information. We need it if we're going to get an upper hand on these two fuckers." I issued my orders to 4 men that quickly left to start the process. I thought the process of us helping these aliens was going to be much slower, but my men pleasantly surprised me.

"Taryn you have a DNA kit on you?" I asked our medic who started to walk by me carrying a huge metal box. She handed me the box "Thanks. Listen there were two raped women inside. One is being held by Lilith. The other is I think unconscious inside please help them."

"Of course sir." She left running to where Lilith was holding the first woman and started examining process. The box that she handed me was pretty sizeable. I wonder how a tiny woman was able to carry it. I shake my head and settle the box on the ground near the ship where I was still standing. Needles, bandages, stim pack. Ah a tiny box full of swabs. A necessary addition to any medical kit for some odd reason. I took swabs with me and a portable station where I could easily find out what sort of animals their ship was holding. 

The process of confirming which DNA was in the cages we discovered, took 50 minutes to collect and then 1 hour to process all the data that was on the swabs. There were 10 animal and 2 human DNA, I sighed out of relief that these sick fucks did not harm more people than I thought. But there was still the matter of the outside of ship being marked by paint that was 3 years old. So there was some data to their activities that was missing. We also found that they seemed to visit an asteroid cluster in a nearby system on an almost daily basis. I found all I needed, now the matter of confronting them, I decided to let them stew and continue my interrogation on the ship. 

I packed tools that I used to confirm my suspicions about the cargo that the deserting soldiers had in their ship. I wanted to confront them here and now but I wanted to know how we can aid these people, the faster they get off this planet, the faster we can start their healing process, and eventually help their small numbers. I left the ship while carrying the 2 items in my hands and eventually putting them back in the same box I removed them from. There was a certain relief knowing that we might send these bastards to a proper punishment since I think executing them does not send a proper message to prevent any further desertions. I saw the crew from Blackness carrying body bags out of the temple and arranging them neatly in a row in front of the ship. 

"Are there any injured on our side?" I heard voice coming from my back. Turning around Mitch was there looking at these black bags that carried ex-soldiers turned deserters. 

"None. But the enemy was almost obliterated. The only ones that are left are their captain and I think second in command." I gazed where bags were lying, a macabre sense of elation ran thru my body knowing I killed most of the people in them." Regarding the aliens I think that your ship can't accommodate them all captain, Am I right?"

"Yes. But you have no worries we asked a transport to meet us here, ETA is in 5 hours." Captain Connor said.

Surprised I watched him while he stared next to me at the last body bag being left on the ground. I wanted to say something but he beat me to it, "I told you Kal. This is not my first time doing this kind of thing."

"I understand Captain. I apologize for assuming otherwise." I politely bowed my head slightly showing my sincere emotions. He stared at me in awe for some reason. 

"Kal. You are the first of the Army Force that doesn't act like he's all high and mighty. When I first met you I thought you would assume the control of the ship almost immediately. How stunned I was at what you actually said to me. You surprised me even when I started using your name without honorifics. It's like you don't even care."

"Captain, with all due respect t I do care, it's just not my place to take someone's hard earned position and ship by just flexing my rank in the army. And by the way, I have no clue about piloting a ship in space." I was honest but my tone was pretty lax when it came to talking to this man.

He started laughing and slapping my shoulder, "even your armor is so different, a person would never guess that you are an Army captain of 20 people. But what you said is true there are things that we can and cannot do. But we have people that can do them and both of us rely on them and their help." 

When I finished talking to the Captain Connor I spent the rest of the wait helping and going from one point to the other receiving info about the people and their possessions. The loot that was so sought by the deserters was in the end just cargo that most of the people on this continent collected and kept for safe keeping. No gold ducats. No methronium bars for get rich quick schemes. Just plain belongings. I asked Lilith about their stuff and informed her about transports, she was eager to leave, but the fact that they would be left without any personal property was something even I had a hard time digesting. In the end people started boarding the transport that arrived and landed almost 500 yards from the Temple. It was pretty much ship with seats. We will have to accompany them since it was not a combat transport. IT had limited defenses and it could be cloaked but if an enemy ship really searched for it, they would stand no chance.

We started moving the prisoners thru the ship. I was moving alongside them since I thought I didn't deserve rest if my men don't rest first, big buff dude that I thought was their commander glared at me while his arm laid broken and still unattended. Behind him on a stretcher my men carried a nice looking blond man that had caved in face and broken legs. The men were led into a room with 10 smaller room compartments. In front of them laid a table and 2 chairs on one side and one chair on the other. Perfect for interrogation of prisoners and if one was lucky enough to stay silent, if the others may want to talk. The chair was visibly surrounded by a blue hue which I thought was mist, but pretty soon was instructed by a onboard officer in the room that it was a shield that does not let sound out of the area. Smaller rooms had a bed and a toilet, were not big but still a grown man could lay on his back inside. I, Anna and Cay led the big commander to a chair while Cay led the comatose man to a smaller room and poking a panel to let a red shield around the area that he was in, Cay and 4 other men and women left the room while I and Anna stood outside.

Both of us got inside the blue area which I saw now that it was just blue laser beams falling from the ceiling around the designated area. Commander glared our way. If stares could kill. I sat on the chair while Anna positioned herself behind the commander to make him squirm. Anna gave me a Data Pad that contained all of the information that she and the team collected during our stay on Solanje.

"I am sure you were informed, but just in case I'm Captain Kal Farah and this is Anna my second in command." Introducing ourselves I thought to set a good guy act. "I want to know your name, and previous position in the Army."

Still glaring "Or what? Your whore over there will start torturing me? What does our little dickless..." After he said that he got slammed from behind by Anna. She was pretty pissed for some reason. "Fuck you, cunt. Your dickless master won't be able to stay here any longer" he started to cackle for some reason while he said that. Anna was going to smack him another one, but I stopped her by gently rising my hand.

"I don't want you to dirty your hands by touching this filth here. Relax Anna." I gently told her and she looked back at me with gentle gaze. "Listen, I would love if you would just tell me what I want to know. But it would be my immense pleasure to make you scream, but I rather make this easier for you. After all that you did back on the planet do you think you would make it outside. Even if somehow you were released, accidents happen all the time. An container full of metal, airlock down the hub, even lasers on the station may just be activated and start working when you are around. From the looks of it you were constantly visiting an asteroid in a nearby system do you mind telling me what is waiting us there?" 

He was breaking his stare and looking down his broken arm. "Mark K. Thompson, Fifth division, Commander of 60 people. Or at least used to be. 25 of us ran away on our last mission 4 or 5 years ago. We managed to get in with other deserters and mercs on that asteroid cluster your whore h..." I managed to grab his head and smash it down on the metal table. The audible clang was pretty startling since I thought I might've crushed his skull. "Goddammit! I am telling you what I know."

"Watch your mouth. Keep going" 

"There are 50 or so soldiers on that asteroid cluster. But you'll never be able to attack it." He started laughing. Suddenly his eyes went white, he stood up and started yelling "THE GOD IS MERCIFULL ALL MUST DIE!!" He turned abruptly and with the broken and healthy hand lifted Anna by the neck, "WHORES MUST DIE" with the broken hand somehow he started peeling off her clothes, and the fear in Anna's eyes after hitting him few times was evident. Cracked bones could be heard and it had no effect on the crazed man.

By the time I stood up Anna was partially naked up front with her swinging her legs and arms to no effect. She was looking more afraid with each passing second. Somehow kicking him as hard as I could with my boot broke the hold and launched him into the wall almost 10 feet across the room. He lied there squealing on the ground. Anna was shaking and I knelt down to hold her in my arms.

"I'm sorry I was not faster," I whispered into her ears. She held me in panic while we both stared at the giggling man on the ground his eyes still white but his body broken. 

Guards entered the room while I carried Anna out of it. I could hear screams of pain coming from the man on the ground. Anna held onto me much tighter for some reason. I know that this was not the time for my cock to poke her in the ass but I held my crush between my arms partially naked. I could not control it. Walking down the hall I could tell Anna was really messed up. Leading her into the infirmary I noticed it was empty and I remembered that the medic personnel were helping the 200 people on the transport. I gently released my hold of this beautiful brown woman that started suddenly shaking. I held her again and started caressing her hair. Her naked breasts were hitting me on my chest, malleable mounds were intoxicating, I wanted then and there to strip her of her clothes and do what shouldn't be done to any woman of any species. I couldn't, I would not, I respected her too much to just force myself on her with my erotic release.

I looked at this woman, I don't know where but I got the courage to get close and kiss her lightly on her full lips. She immediately stopped shaking and with quizzical look stared me in my eyes. I was stroking her hair, neck, between her mounds, I don't know what feels good for a woman I wanted to know, I, needed to know. She returned my kisses and now was injecting her tongue in my mouth. She was now panting in my mouth, I held her tightly in my arms, and I knew she felt my member pulsing between my legs. I was determined to keep holding her in my arms for as long as she needed. Time passed by when she asked me a question that seemed silly at this time.

"Why did you stop?"

I looked her in her eyes and kissed her forehead "Anna I like you, and not as a friend but as a lover, and I just don't know how to proceed further I'm pretty new at this you know." I waited for telltale signs of rejection. I was pretty accustomed when it came to female rejection. I was lucky in dating a girl only once, but that was pretty short-lived. I guess I was the type that loved way too fast for his own good. "I just want to make you feel safe now. After all that has happened. I am sorry I was so late in reacting. You shouldn't have been in that position in the first place. Whatever you do from now on I'll support you at whatever..." I stopped suddenly realizing that I was going on a pretty massive tangent, making me feel something I did not want to, my stomach started going into knots for some reason. Anticipation was palpable, at least for me, making me afraid to lose a place that I found dear to me. But I could gain so much more. A lover and a friend. I felt her breathing, she started to push away from me, and my heart was slowly sinking down, breaking not all at once, but in segments in more and more smaller pieces. At least I could feel that I was pretty much in a state of limbo, afraid, trapped like a caged animal I wanted to run as far as I could. I wanted the ground beneath me to open and swallow me whole. The pits of hell weren't deep enough to stop my continuing descent from the whole that might've opened beneath me. Anna stopped pushing away my arms still lightly on her shoulders, I guess my grip was not quite there, now that I was lost in my whimpering hollow.
