 Still buried deep inside Anna, I kept feeling her pussy lips kissing me on my member over and over, her body shivering, her lips still holding mine never intending to let go anytime soon. My mind was hazy, not knowing what was what.

Where was I again? Right, in infirmary. 

What am I doing? 

I had my eyes closed, my mind racing, unable to perceive that Anna was actually in my embrace. I was holding her, kissing her. I was inside her feeling her shivers. I started to move my hips really, really slowly. I couldn't afford to hurt her, but also I could not wait to release another shower of semen. I heard her moan, very silent contended breath, I could not tell if I am making her feel good but I was going to try and last as much as I could. She was sitting on the table holding my ass with her legs, arms around my neck and lips around mine. We were in that position for eons, lost in perpetual black hole. It was not in infirmary but somewhere that is created only for us in passion and embrace, but occasional beeping inside this infirmary was waking us and telling us where we actually were. I could feel her shivering again, her leg shaking constantly. I caressed her back with one hand, with the other I was caressing her collarbone and neck area, I would occasionally grab her breast with my hand, and when I did her pussy would clench harder on my cock. Her saliva was dripping down her mouth, I lap it up with my tongue, I wanted to drink it, and I was intoxicated in it lost like a mindless thrall searching for its master. Mining for another orgasm to make her go crazy, I realized she was no longer kissing me.

I opened my eyes to see her in a craze. Her eyes rolled back. Mouth open, body shivering, I started kissing her on her breasts, I sucked one, giving another a loving caress. She went limp more juices frothing down her cunt and between her legs, my cock kept hitting her walls. I wanted, I needed release. My body ached, balls waiting for sweet release. I enjoyed seeing her in this state. Mind breaking from the passion, constant, tender and never-ending. She went limp, she passed out while I was in motion of sending my cock slowly inside her frothing pussy. I stopped, her gaze returning and looking at me, "I cannot believe... Another...one" she was breathless looking me in the eyes, my gaze never broke, I could not look away, and this unbelievably gorgeous woman was enjoying my sex, my cock, my manliness. It gave me more and more confidence to continue in my path of searching for my own orgasm. I want to cum, but I had something that bugged me.

Was I selfish? Should I cum and possibly end this? For all I know this is first and last time we can be like this. Joined together, sharing both feelings of love and passion. I wanted her to know that she was the only one for me, she was, is and she will going to be my one and only. I know it sounded pansy it sounded archaic, primal and there was this great barrier that would ward anyone that wanted to intrude in this silent conversations of love. It might be one sided exploration of ones limits of what should be allowed, cock buried deep in her cunt, moving still slowly and postponing my orgasm to see this woman in more and more pleasure, I was having an intimate conversation with my cock and her pussy. My penis asking all the relevant questions. 

Will you let me in? 

Will you care for me? 

Will you love me?

Her vagina, like her mouth was drooling, buckets and buckets of liquid, I licked and sucked up her dripping saliva. I wanted my member to grow a tongue and lap up the drool that was dripping down my penis and between her legs. I left the warm embrace of her slit, knelt on the ground and tasted her. 

Oh AMBROSIA! My mind went circles, danced, relished in this delight I've never tasted anything more delicious in my life. I am a dog in heat, using my tongue to lap up her dripping juices. She could hear slurping, a little nub near my nose has long sprang up and wanted to be poked, licked and sucked. I obliged I did everything that made her legs shake, made her body quiver. I was her devoted slave, for her own needs. Using my finger I entered her vagina and hooked it poking flesh around, she started to vocalize, but still her voice was silent, her screams quiet. I was alarmed when a stream of liquid entered my mouth, I didn't want to get away, I couldn't she grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth towards her. I drank what I thought was piss but soon enough realized it had more distinct taste. Refine. I tasted it like a seasoned vine veteran, like I had years of experience tasting this divine juice. She let my head go. I looked at her sitting, panting and looking back down at me smiling. 

"I did well? I hope I made feel good at least" I asked a dump question, I was hoping she would stroke my ego. 

She was panting. Grabbing air with her lungs then something else happened, I stood up trying to lend my body for better support, and I wanted her to know that I'm her both in body and spirit. I hugged her, and she tensed suddenly and started shaking her lips went into a curvaceous smile, while her eyes closed. I hugged her, "My love, I'm here for you" I was whispering sweet nothings in her ear. She was still shaking, "Ohhhh, GODS another one" I could see wet circles forming around her ass. I held her for another minute stroking her hair and cheeks, I kissed her forehead, cheeks, and breasts. Her whole body was palpating, shaking in ecstasy. "I never came this much with anyone." She was panting, reaching for air with her lungs. She sat back up and started kissing me. "Thank you, Thank you, thank you" She started speaking, kissing and licking my lips.

We were sitting on the table, my cock still hard as methronium, poking her back. I looked at her scars kissing them one by one. Tracing the longest and harshest ones with my tongue. 

"My love I wish I could have taken your pain. It makes me want to cry when I see this." She turned around her head resting her back on my legs. She turned around and kissed me.

"It does not matter anymore, it was long time ago. I have grown much since then,"

"Grown curvaceous. Gods I love your body." I admit to my shallow emotions, she was quiet, spoke when I asked her and in 4 years I knew her never once was vocal about her emotions. I was sincere in what attracted me to her, as shallow as it was, she could be a genius behind those brown eyes. 

"Not my mind, but my body? You asshole." With a grin she chastised me.

"I admit my wrongdoings. We never talked much for me to get to know your mind." 

"At least you are honest. I don't wear my heart on my sleeves for everyone to get it. You'll have to earn my love." She smiled leaning in to kiss me. I trace my hands across her back, which were leaned on my legs.

My cock springing up to full size, smiling at the poking "I remember you splashing your semen only once. I want you to cum inside me and make me scream." 

I jumped down on my feet and grabbed her by her ass leading her pussy down on my pulsing penis. I started pounding my hips into hers, few thrusts and I was ready to cum, I still looked at her and waiting for her. I wanted both of us to climax together. My spunk was rapidly building up I could feel my cock shaking, getting bigger. I grunted and she started silently open and close her mouth, her eyes wide open, still pounding against her hips I released my spunk into her deepest spot making her lights go out. She went limp as I held her and stood there with my cock pulsing and releasing wave after wave of streaming hot goo. I grunted, I panted and I stopped cumming. I still held her in my arms, wanting this to never end, my cock would probably never go down, never deflate and never again be that shriveled self. Me, a man of grandeur standing here, my ego was certainly lacking, but in this point in time I felt like a king, like a true emperor ruling over his peasants. 

"What...the...fuck..." she was breathing hard, looking for air wherever she could get, "I came...that is like orgasm number 200. Check please" She laughed at her quip. I found it funny as well, she finally was opening to me. I kissed her neck while still inside her. "Fuck boss you never go down. What did you do?" 

"I'm in a company of an amazing woman. Isn't that enough?" I high fived myself at this Don Juan line.

"Oh shut up... Tell the truth." She was serious she held her arms and legs in her black belt martial arts manner. I found it even sexier. "Goddamn boss you got even harder" she looked down her cunt.

"I would never lie to you. I never took anything." I was serious, looking her in the eyes.

"Relax Kal I am just joking. I hope you know that." I still have ways to learn. "Mmm. You do feel warm and I do feel good when you are in me. Sadly we are probably nearing the end we should end this since we might get caught." 

"I don't care, I would risk my life for you." Another astounding line coming from my mouth I should be curb stomped by the amount of jizz that comes from my mouth. 

She looked at me, mouth agape not knowing how to react to this sappy but true line, she started tearing up and finally crying in my arms. "Kal, I'm sorry." She started crying.

I held her close I knew that I would be rejected, but it still hurt. "You do not have to be sorry for anything. You did nothing wrong."

"I did, I'm unclean, and unworthy of your love." She started to get hectic. 

"You'll never be unclean, no matter what you do my love. And I'll kick your ass if you think you are unworthy. And by the way why would you think that about yourself?" 

"I took your first time, and I'm a filthy woman, you should..." I kissed her hard and long to shut her mouth.

I released her eventually, "The one I love is in my hands, if you don't want to be with me it is ok. It's not the end of the world. The only one to blame here is me for not reaching your heart."

"You reached it many, many times this evening. I just think that there are many better women in line."

"I don't want those women I want you, and I want your heart my love."

"How long did you know?! She asked.

"Know about what?"

"You were in love with me."

"I know this might sound extremely sappy but the moment I saw you when we formed our unit 4 years ago. I loved you since then. I wanted to ask you out almost the same day, but you seemed unreachable to me. You were like this being that was not even aware of me. I tried to get to you by sparing with you but it just looked like I was creeping on you." I laughed at that last line. "Then all that stuff happened and I haven't seen you for almost 3 years, I was lost, mostly grief stricken who will you start seeing, what kinds of stuff you are going to do. I was mourning, when they came I was more upset about seeing you than anything, Millions of questions were in my brain, reaching the station and until the moment I saw you. I was expecting you to be cold, to reject me. But I remembered I was unit's chief. IT was almost impossible to deny me." Again I laughed.

She was looking at me stroking my neck and cheek. I thought I could make sense of her gaze, but I couldn't, I was stuck at believing this was mostly my own projection of emotions until she started to voice her own thoughts.

"I knew something was up, I had seen you watching me while training. I assumed it was just a fleeting crush of a young man, towards a young woman. Many, many men approached me with promises of stars in their arms, but once... You know, they saw what I really looked like they relished in disgust. Pulling away. I made this barrier around me, it did not matter, I was going to enjoy this, then there was you looking at me with the same eyes when you saw me 4 years ago." She sighed I held her in my arms, she rested her head on my shoulder, kissing my neck. Her scars were on my hands and I stroked each and every one while holding her back. She shivered lightly. I kissed her. I hoped my feelings reached across to this small woman in my arms.

We were sitting there entangled kissing for an hour more, and we separated to give her time to recover, she lied in bed I covered her and sat beside the bed waiting for her to wake up.

I slept first time in years not having dreams, not hearing screams, not waking up in piss. I was content happy and I wished everybody could feel the same way as I did. I woke up hours later Anna still sleeping soundly, now I saw many people were inside infirmary, I positioned myself better and sat upright on my chair. Many of the patients were the same people we found in the second village, Taryn approached me, and told me Captain Connor was asking for me. The only reason I didn't ran was my legs, asleep I needed few minutes to get the blood flowing. Anna was snoring soundly, I felt the need to approach and kiss her on her forehead, the infirmary suddenly went silent and every eye was here on staring what my actions were. Meanwhile Anna woke up, black goddess wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me long and soft. Taryn had her mouth agape while we separated. The infirmary was in silent turmoil. There were many rules in the Army about romances between its members. And it usually gets resolved by discharge of one or more people involved. But we couldn't care less, or at least I couldn't, my love for this woman was infinite I wanted for whole universe to know about it and I will make sure that it does.

I said my goodbyes reluctantly, leaving Anna to rest. I started going towards the bridge and found few of my men playing games in the Crew's lounge, reading books or just talking. Few of them were in the gym further down the path I could hear the noise but didn't know which ones it was belonging to. Reaching where the lift was, entering it and pressing the tell-tale bridge button I started to enjoy the short ride toward it. There were 4 people on the bridge, all stood up and saluted, I saluted back and looked around for Captain Connor. The bridge had 2 levels separated by a 3 stairs. Captains seat and second in commands was further inside the bridge looking down at everybody. Various consoles were on the wall on left and right and officers stood there in attention. Probably interrupted their work. I could not find Captain Connor, I decided to sit on the floor near where his second in command usually sits. I rest my feet on a railing that was just below me.

"Can I rest here guys I won't meddle in your business?" I told them what to expect.

"Sir you should sit here." A woman raised from the captain seat and offered it to me.

"No, no miss that's your seat, I am here on my own selfish accord. I hope I won't bother you or your work." I was truly just relaxing on the bridge, not a really smart thing to do, but I have never been on one so far so I wanted to exploit my current rank.

The woman stood there looking my way as if I was stupid. But very soon she sat down, and resumed her duties. I played with my Pad looking at the many news reports and orders I needed to get done when I saw one order sticking out. The Command wanted me to check in as soon as possible. I silently handed my Pad to the current in command, and she immediately ordered to establish a link with Command.

"Yes, Regent Admiral of the Sixth Army Col Xob speaking I hope Kal Farah is finally available." An angry voice across the screen was all too familiar. I wave my hand towards the man with big bushy beard. 

"I'm here Branch Father." I stood up at attention, "It's very nice to see you."

"Stop with the stupid sentiments," and even angrier Col started to yell, but I knew deep down he was worried about my wellbeing. He was the leader that took me in when I lost my parents, making me a stepson of sorts. He didn't need to and I did not ask, but this kind man did that and I couldn't be more grateful for him. "I called you to let you know that you got an unexpected promotion, as it stands you'll going to go into different squad and receive more people."

"I refuse Honorable Father. I didn't do this mission or any for that matter just to lose my unit." I almost immediately cut him off with a gentle smile.

"You utter fool, you get to keep them, and you'll just make more money. Are you happy? I pulled many strings to get you this deal. Be proud of your dad, yes grovel. Hahaha." As per usual he forgot his rank and played this game of old Emperor, young peasant. I decided to give him what he wanted.

"Yes Venerable Father, You are most wise and all knowing." We both watched each other's reaction and started laughing hard. He was my dad's old friend and from before my late father went and got honorably discharged they vowed to each other to care for ones families. He was in a sense the real father of my Branch Sister Loren. He was in my family before I was born, an Admiral of the Navy Branch father of hundreds of families, thousands of people all greet him and treat him with outmost respect. Showing up each other as would a real son and a father show, the faces of everyone in the room were hard to describe. One person was glaring at me, the other 3 were staring gaping maws wide. "What rank am I going to get Sir?" I figured it was time to shift the conversations towards the real reason we were reunited. 

"Listen my son, there are great waves of insecurity slowly coming, I hereby give you the rank of Brigadier General and everything that comes with it. You are to report to Space port I1 back on Earth for the ceremony. Even though this is official they want to make some parade for you. You saved a species from harm, captured one of the most notorious deserter units in recent years."

"So I effectively skip 3 military ranks. I don't know what to feel right now." I announced my honest feelings.

"Feel proud my son you deserve it, you'll bring great honor to us. Just live your life to the fullest."

"Sir I want to talk to you more privately. I have one thing to tell you that's pretty important." He looked me pretty startled as I told him my woes and worries everything about Anna and how much I loved her. He only listened as an old friend and a father.