 Col Xob was staring at me on the giant screen listening to what I had to say about Anna. I was relaxing on nearby ground, my legs hung around railing in front of me and slowly jiggling while I talked. The room was silently staring at me, never believing that I was this much arrogant and stupid to talk like I was talking with Admiral of the Army. But I was not, I was happy. I was talking about Anna, the recent combat with the deserters, Anna, relocating the refugees and their plight, Anna, the base that deserters had on Asteroid in nearby system, Anna... 

Yeah my stories were made of a lot of backtracking and sidestepping to what I liked about Anna. I could hear laughs and snickers here and there while I digressed further into love-struck whirlpool that I was having hard time of backstroking out of. Upgrade in rank meant nothing to me, Col was staring at me more and more in disbelief that I turned into mushy fool talking about love. I could understand him, I was not a greatest man alive. Despite my growth spurt, so to speak, people accredited my growth to steroids, and they expected violent outbursts whenever they spoke about military accomplishments around the family. But I was just sad, I couldn't be angry, when emotionally, I did not know what was happening with Anna, at that time. 

Despite my military hiatus, I never had any idea that I would get a chance to make it back and meet her again, I thought at least that she did not register me on her radar. A gorgeous young woman and below average man, I thought it only happens in novels, romance stories, and porn vids. Yeah I watched a lot of porn. 

Col looked flabbergasted when I was done about my emotional tirade. I found myself standing and expressing myself to the Gods and Goddesses of the universe. I wanted them to see me in this time and space. Col forgot he was in a room filled with officers, behind both view screens, and started to talk in his old Dad voice. 

"You rascal, you are utterly over the top in love with her." He started to cackle which is pretty uncharacteristic for an Admiral, which were always portrayed as noble warriors, one had to kiss their ass. "Now to break your bubble, I heard in there something about the deserter's base."

I made a sigh like a child that was denied his candy and sat back down, "Yeah, apparently they like went and made off with few slaves, I wrote a report about the entire incident, but I was thinking of gathering my unit ask for assistance and try to break them apart. Of course once we safely deliver these refugees." I really thought that this was so far in the ether from me that I did not care. Other people? They exist?

My tone was apparently too much for the bridge officer in charge of the bridge, "Captain Kal this is Admiral of the army. Why are you acting like a clown? You disrespect him and his position."

I was not listening to her, goofing off with my Father was something that I, we both enjoyed, gazing into her eyes while resting my back on my arms I asked with a simple, "Hmm?" My sudden change in tone apparently sent shivers down her spine, she knelt to the ground and silently said "Sorry."

She was shivering and I did not know why, I stood up to my feet looking oddly at her, "Miss why you are sorry? You didn't do anything wrong."

Col saw this and explained to me, "Umm, yeah she went and said your old rank. Military protocol calls out for 10 lashes with a whip and 10 nights in jail. That's one of the worst crimes one could do, right up with genocide and rape. According to the new military rules that is. Bah, its rubbish, everything about it is just for pretentious douchebags, but I'll leave you with her punishment."

I was blown away with this rule that made no sense, again, army had its way of making fun of itself by doing things that are pretty out there. But this thing left me flabbergasted, more than anything I was genuinely awestruck how people in suits think. The level of idiot is beyond reasonable, the one who came up with this rule must be the most out of touch guy in the universe. The room was coated in fear and anticipation, there were 6 people whom just blankly stared into the ground awaiting the guillotine to arrive on their own necks. To slice their soul and spirit in twain, like some old books would say. It was pretty insane to see this amount of fear for something as minor as mistaking ones rank. Gods!

"What's your name?" I asked lightly, not showing any emotion. I thought by asking her name I could ease some of the anxiety in the room.

But contrary to my own belief it made the situation worse, the woman in a silent whisper said, "Jaine, my name is Jaine Tuskus." She started silently sobbing. I could not believe the amount of foolishness that this created. Col stared at me silently, but I could see that he was slowly getting sad for some reason. The woman, Jaine, was now audibly crying, sobbing into her own shadow that the lights in the room were projecting on us. That's all what we were at that one moment as we were the ones condemning this poor soul into eternal walk into death. 

I wanted to say something to proceed this ridiculous farce that has opened in front of me, I could not make a woman to take the punishment that was obviously so crazy and most importantly unnecessary. I would probably die first. I approached her and knelt near her, I took my hand and gently raised her head towards me, she was audibly crying. "You have every right to chastise me, I was disrespecting the Admiral by acting goofy." I turned to my Father Admiral Col Xob, "Esteemed Admiral I offer my sincerest apologies for my apparent treatment and bad manners in your presence." Lowering my head I stood to apologize to my Father in hopes that this would be swept under the rug. Turning towards the woman who was now wide eyed and staring in my direction, still tears were streaming down her face. 

Admiral Col suddenly started lightly giggling while still staring in my direction, "I was expecting this to happen, and you have a very merciful head on your shoulders. Every man and woman will probably enjoy serving under your command. Come to the station so you can get your promotion." He paused here. His face was serious for once while winking he said, "Officially." He then grinned, "My son I love you, and you make me proud." The connection was then cut on both sides, atmosphere in the room was pretty strange now. Some people were silently talking, while others were just staring at me and Jaine. 

"Well that was that." I approached the woman still kneeling on the floor and offered my hand to help her stand. She was still afraid. Pulling her hand away when the two of us touched. There was no reason to act so jumpy, but I understood that one can't read the others thoughts. "Miss Jaine, I was serious about every word I said back there. The rule that was set was insane. You should not feel bad for mistaking my rank, official or not. I hope you understood my agenda here and now." She nodded her head. But still would not take my hand. I was adamant to make her believe me and I stood there, my left hand outstretched to this poor woman on the ground, I was probably looking like I assaulted the poor lady on the floor but I did not care about my appearances. I could ignore this woman and move on with my life and it would be really easy. But what would this poor woman do? Probably never again recover, her learning skills could and probably would be affected, fear a constant burden when socializing with any higher ranking officer. For all the stupidity that this rule has done here, the junior officers offer some really thoughtful insides in commanding officers orders. Without a different point of view from a different person, there is no progress in ideas and issuing orders. Everything would be sterile of any critical thinking. A commander that cares about his men, that cares about wining wars would certainly appreciate any idea that would evolve his.

The woman finally took my hand, I slowly clasped my fingers and gently lifted her to her feet. She was staring at me eyes now moist, tears could still be seen around her face. I was smiling, offering a friendlier face in her time of crisis. "Do not worry, everyone, this will be a learning experience, many officers apparently aren't taking politely if you mistake their military rank. Gods! The universe shall end." The room lightly laughed at my lame quip, the reason was probably me gently grabbing my face and shaking my head left and right. "Be, vigilant, miss you too as well, I like when my men chastise me but please be careful when serving with other higher officers. Now resume your duties and make Admiral Col proud." Turning I left the crew standing in the bridge, now the mood in the room was improving by the second. I reached the lift and lightly waved to the crew, an unorthodox salute but I was feeling whimsical right now.

Leaving the bridge behind I arrived around the area where my crew was, now empty of souls, there were probably getting to sleep. Our talk was apparently way longer than I original thought it would be, few men I did not recognize were in the room talking and drinking what I thought was tea, maybe coffee. I went towards the medical area, Anna was long gone, probably dreaming sweetly of cats, dogs or me. I could only hope. I went towards the training area, nobody was using it, so I thought I would use the opportunity to fully practice and train my body. I was starting to feel the tell-tale signs of muscle atrophy, if there is such a thing, it was just 1 day since I started to do this again, and I was using my legs most of the time, walking from point A to point B. 

I went inside the gym and started to exercise, ample amounts of energy was exiting my body whenever I lifted weights, its therapeutic more than anything for me, and this iron bar of weights. To be more precise I usually did this every week, increasing the weight in increments until I got to my comfortable limit of 325 lbs. I can lift more but I would have to have someone to help me like a mental barrier of support. Even in my home I would do this, but I haven't been able to relax and just think while straining my muscles making them break, destroy and rebuild anew. Like I said it's therapeutic. 

I was repeating the motion of weight lifting up and down, for over an hour, with 5 minute breaks in between. When I was done I was covered in sweat, my T-shirt was moist and wet everywhere, I took it off to replace it. I saw myself in the mirror. Seeing my reflection in the giant mirror in front of me I saw all the muscle I gained over the years. Lost fat was not even slightly visible and nobody would guess I was a fat fucking slob with huge tits. I hated my reflection. I hate it even now. Usually I avoid mirrors, they remind me of what I used to be and what people used to do to me. Shaking my head I take another T-shirt from my designated locker I wear it and exit the gym moving towards my quarters where I can get some sleep.

I stopped in front of my door I push a button and magnetic lock on the door releases silently opening the door letting me in, it was dark in the room so I use my right arm to turn the light. 2 light sources dimly illuminate the area I saw the room I was given and it was pretty comfortable. Empty bed, neatly arranged with a pillow and a blue blanket over it, there was a small desk with a lamp and Data Pad instead of a chair there was a small bench the same white color as the table. Bathroom was directly in front of me. I landed my but on the bed and noticed I was soaking with sweat. 

Entering the shower I spent 15 minutes just under the nozzle getting scrubbed clean. I tired, bones sore, muscles aching and creaking whenever I move my arms or legs. It was a long heavy day. We had 5 hours until we reach the base and I receive my proper promotion. I won't say it was all bad, I had Anna to thank it was not a total shit show. I smiled while I had her faces mental image in my mind. It calms me incredibly. I wiped the water and dressed in new clean clothes. Exiting the bathroom I stopped, seeing my bed occupied by a sleeping beauty. It was Anna, sleeping soundly, she probably entered thinking I would be finished soon but dozed off when I took my sweet time. She was incredibly pretty sleeping quietly. 

There was no room for me, she was across the bed and I had no heart to move her over so I could rest. Covering her with a blanket I was kneeling staring at this angel on my bed, gifted to me by the almighty Gods. Time passed by me incredibly fast, when you are enjoying it time is never kind, by the time I knew it I was asleep. A sudden hand, tender and gentle, was on my cheek caressing it slowly. I was awake from my sleep but still was not moving or opening my eyes. The caress was full of compassion, I could only hope love as well, but as I decided I will not force her into anything. I wanted to enjoy my time with this woman, my heart was beating, replaced by slow and then rapid palpitation of my breath, and I could not disguise my feelings anymore. Behind me, doors were slowly and without much noise opened and she stopped caressing my cheek. With her hand still on my cheek, I heard someone saying something to Anna and she silently said "Yes. In 30 minutes." God damn it the nice moments never last. A slow long breathless kiss made me open my eyes looking into a dark angel. Her eyes closed, her lips, tongue and mouth were around and inside mine. The noise she made, made me hug her across her waist and pull her down from the bed on my lap. I was holding her never intending to let go of this ecstatic feeling I had, she licked my lower lip, I could feel her tongue in my mouth dragging my own outside. I moved my hands slowly and gently across her back she made light moans, my limited experience made my member slowly rise and push into her womanly regions. She pulled away, smiled. "How long were you sleeping?"

I looked at the clock that was on the table I stared wide eyed, "Five hours, I guess I was tired more than I imagined." 

"Woah you were kneeling there sleeping for 5 hours? I haven't met anyone as desperate as you." Softly she spoke, her forehead resting on my own, her hand caressing my cheek the other placed behind my back.

I smiled, "its part desperation, part admiration. I could not bear to wake you up so I spent 5 hours kneeling staring at your delightful snoring."

"I do not snore." She gently denied it, "By the way for a while now something has been poking me in the ass."

"Oooh nice deflection, yeah my bad, you on my lap will do that to me." She sent me quizzical look, so I continued "or you near me, or standing, or just seeing you. Yeah I'm head over heels for you baby."

She seemed hurt by that last line, "Don't call me baby, please anything but that. My father used to use that word when he you know..." Her forehead was on mine, gently swaying her head left and right.

I increased the strength of my hug, "Sorry love, I did not know."

"I know, how could you, just please don't be mad somethings may make me unapproachable at times. The abuse was constant amusement for that fucker." She made a sad face. I held her face with my own two hands, staring at her eyes, I kissed her once breaking her train of thought making her quiver for some reason. "We should probably get going, we have arrived at station." Her long black hair draping down her shoulder. "I am probably very heavy as well."

"Never. A woman is never heavy for me. Never. When my legs are asleep."

She laughed sweetly, I hoped her mood was better, "You always surprise me with your words, aren't you going to choose your words carefully since you are actively making a move on my heart."

"Yeah, I should but I thought, why bother, my own thoughts are free and I'm pretty calm voicing them towards you no matter what they are. Hiding behind a wall of mystery just makes me seem I'm trying to goof you into sleeping more with me." 

"Aren't you too late for that we had sex already?" 

"I thought I was using your emotional distress to make you have sex. I had open hands and whenever you wanted to stop we would stop, but still it does not seem right to me to take advantage of your situation." I was apologetic, again stroking her cheeks.

"If I did not want it from you I would not instigate it. Relax, you did everything alright, I was calm, cool and collected around you. Now let us get ready and start to prepare for the day."

I smiled, "The thing is I was not joking about my legs being asleep. I can't stand." She again laughed from the bottom of her stomach, like honey to my ears. I made my legs move a little around so I could get the blood flowing. I stood up and got my military clothes on, exited the room together almost touching hands. Again my heart went into small palpations and was jumping in circles whenever my hand was near hers. This is pretty unhealthy, I think for my heart, but maybe for my body as well. We were near the airlock, prisoners were escorted on stretchers, both unable to perceive reality anymore. Staring a blank stare of infinity, drooling all over themselves. I could hear 1 of the crewmembers voice their concerns at what happened to these two people. Never able to voice their concerns, or make their own thoughts. 

Deep down I was sad that these two dirt of human beings may never see their own proper punishments, when people around them were incurably affected, raped of their own chastity, safety and mind. People like these take extra special care to get people to do what they want, sheltered from their moral code, maybe in the process even slightly changing it. At least WE do not kill. Fuck.

Small green laser was spread open across the airlock door. Scanning us for any foreign infections, if we are infected with any foreign viruses the doors that lead into the station will never open and thus trapping us all in the ship. Also the ship will not be able to leave the station until its state of infection is determined and proper measures are taken. Protocol dictates if VPD (Viral Prevention Department) is not able to make proper progress in 48 to 72 hours the ship has to go into something called a Hot Shower. Probes injected in the ship will start emitting heat that many organic organisms may not take, destroying them in the process. Again the temperatures reach those that humans alone cannot take making us disposable objects. But anything to prevent the growing population from decreasing again. The starvation decimated us 300 years ago. A well placed viral infection would probably eradicate the human population.

My heart was dancing again when we were cleared, locking the door behind us, releasing a steamy substance into our compartment and finally open the door leading into the station. Suddenly I stopped since the 8 people in front of me stopped, making me lean to the side to see what was the holdup. The view in front did not offer me much but we moved shortly after. By the time I reached the front doors, I heard loud chatter, I saw many personnel standing near the airlock looking my way. I was lightly nervous, I gently grabbed Anna's hand, and she squeezed back, since crowds make me uncomfortable I was slowly feeling anxious. Her closeness makes me feel relieved she was here, I started to walk escorting prisoners to the stations brig. We arrived and I walked to the panel that everybody had to fill out when bringing prisoners, a report of sorts, ticking off several brackets and sending the video of the time I met them, arrested them and interrogated them. 3 videos in total explaining my reason that these prisoners were troublesome and needed to take extra care when dealing with them. Everything was in order, prisoners were drooling and insistently babbling into the cosmos when a person came running from down the hall. I remembered seeing him behind the desk when I first arrived on the station, he was shaking like a leaf, panting, sweat could be seen dripping off his nose out of fatigue or desperation. I could not tell.
