 [A special thank you to HeyAll who helped me edit this wall of text. Another Thanks is to all the comments people were leaving. They help me immensely. Thank you all.]

*

A cape could be seen leaving the area by the time reality smacked me over my face. Snakey left the ceremony with his entourage while Anna was holding my hand, she tried to fend off my unit from crushing my bones after the unexpected promotion. I was a general.

I did not know what that carried, but surely my tasks will increase in the coming days. After some time my unit started to get bored with their antics and started to dissipate. Moving to their own time off, I was left with Anna, Pam, Jerry, Tom, Paul and Matt. After the four men shook my hand they left as well, leaving me with Pam and Anna. Three of us looked at one another then started laughing, Pam and Anna were visibly more happy than I was, Anna was first to kiss me then Pam which I found quite strange. I was taken aback at first then looked at Anna to see her reaction, but she was just smiling, still my hand firmly clasped in hers. I couldn't say what I was feeling, but my emotions erupted, I started to shed tears. I know it's not manly but she means so much to me and her acceptance means a lot.

Since the room had people besides us she gently grabbed my head to hide my tears, "I know you do not care but people talk, and they say cruel things behind our backs. My love you have no worries I love you and always will be with you." 

Pam smiled and left us to tend to his duties. With the corner of my tear soiled eyes I saw people pointing towards us, some had smiles on their faces, but others had a strange cruel look, probably envious that this gorgeous female was hugging me. A fat fuck. 

A gentle buzz on my Data Pad told me I got a new message. I did not want to break my hold of this woman. 

"I love you so much." I whispered to her, probably tired of hearing my nth confession not even 2 days passed.

Who's going to let go first? Me or her? I never wanted this hug to end, this loving woman to break her hold, but something inside me nudged the images of those poor refugees. A woman and her beloved child was in my mind constantly. Not to haunt me but a loving memory, scary at times, but at this moment it provided me with a sense of urgency. 

Asteroid probably has some kidnaped people. Human or otherwise. Some will probably be in the same position, starving, not able to do anything about abuse that had come or is coming. Humans are cruel. But we aren't alone in this galaxy that have members of the same species loving the idea that they can cause pain and misery.

I had to release the hold, tears still dripping down. She even wiped my tears smiling gently. Why is she so good to me?

I took my Data Pad and started going thru my new message, the contents just said I was needed in the CO's office for further debriefing regarding my new rank. "Love I have to go to CO's office. Something about my promotion."

I left her there standing and moved to the CO's office. I heard the inside of the closed doors say "Enter." I did and was greeted by huge oval room with a man on its end behind a tall huge desk sitting. A man was in his 50's the same one that debriefed us about the Solanje refugees problem. The woman and the man were not around, probably on their duties, but I was a bit sad about not meeting the woman again. Since I was a general this man was still in command of the station so technically my train of thought was the same as with Captain Connor.

I came near his table and clasped my hands behind me in form of attention, the commander stared at me and just silently said "At ease, general you don't have many people that you have to salute anymore. In fact I'd say I have to salute." 

His smile was gentle and he sounded a bit disappointed. 

"Thank you sir." I had nothing to say to the man since anything I did say would just seem that I was talking down to him, "I reckon you running your station, and being my former CO would be enough for me to continue to do that. In no way am I looking down on you by doing this, sir."

"Back on track, I called you back here to give you your current rank permissions. Your old rank only had few like giving you the right of commanding any ground tactical combat situations. Executing any order however you see fit and permission to marry, on top of these you'll get more." 

He turned to get a Data Pad behind him that was lying on a small desk lamp. Wedding permits are gotten once one gets into military or individual has to issue one from the government, after few screening tests, to see the individual is healthy, has no prior criminal record then he's granted a permit to marry his loved one. Army just gives you that when you graduate from the boot camp. Much faster option.

He was back and reading from the Data Pad. "Your previous privileges remain and new ones are already implementable. They include, your own Carrier ship with a crew of 2000, your old ship and crewmates will remain and any new ones can be added as you see fit. No special permit is required, they just need to designate who orders them. You can decide never again to go into combat but then your current military progress will be frozen at this rank. Your wedding permit is upgraded to status rank 5 which means you can have up to 5 partners at one time, as well no child-bearing has been lifted and you can start a family whenever you want. And exclusive to you, you may freely choose your missions or plan them without reporting it to command, just when they are finished. Full report on that still stands."

He kept clicking "One more thing. 100 acres of farmland is available as well for you to do as you please."

I was confused so many new things at once. Marry more than one person is pretty standard but a carrier of 2000 people, 5 mile long ship that few people in our Gal Federation knew how to fly. Well there were only 13 of them. They weren't just ships but living breathing cities underneath capable of housing up to 20000 individuals if cargo and everything else is disregarded. But carriers often carry 500 craft that can attack or defend any point in space. It's a ship that not many people can handle and often get forgotten when warring with other races. But I see an untamed potential when using such a force. 

But still I was anxious to serve on board one. "Will I command said carrier or will it have a trained captain?"

"It's under your own command, it's up to you weather you'll take a captain to manage the bridge while you concentrate on other duties, or escapades." He smiled here, "To be clear, it is a fairly new ship built just a year ago. Never has flown so it's naming and maiden voyage is up to you. The only thing you need to do is board it on the shipyard." 

He now set his Data Pad on the table and interlocked his fingers looking straight at me.

"I want to board it immediately and rush for the Asteroid where deserter's base is. I have some fears that it has more slavers on it with potential victims."

"I see no problem with that take your unit and you can settle on your Carrier. Be sure to call back at least once a while." Commander said standing up and offering his hand. "General, I am happy to push you off on this maiden voyage good luck."

"Thank you sir." We held our grasp a little too long then we parted ways.

I was flying through the corridors leading back to my room. I was sending orders left and right and needed to get to that ship as soon as possible, even then my palpating heart could probably give way and start a seizure since I was so happy. After meeting with my team and doing some crash and burn wakeups we boarded the Blackness and headed to the Earth's moon shipyard. Which was on first impression a tiny spec, not imposing as one would think but as we approached closer, we saw that the shipyard base was occupying almost half of the moon's surface. And we could start to see a massive object, which left everybody on the bridge breathless. It was a ship with a big ball in its center, but 5 massive platforms could be seen going out of it in a circle. The shape of those platforms were as of those of a shamrock plant. It just was missing a stem to be a perfect replica, but it was nevertheless awe inspiring. We landed on one of the platforms which had a tunnel of sorts going into the belly of the massive ball that was on both sides of the platforms, I had no idea where I was right now, concerning that gigantic ball, but Blackness was easily able to go thru that and land on one of the empty platforms, but still this was pretty massive ship. I exited Blackness and started walking towards a man that was waiting with several people around him posted in two rows of 5. The immediately saluted and waited for me to approach the man.

"I am General Kal Farah I'm here to take command over the newly commissioned carrier ship. I think this is it, right?" The saluting soldiers went in normal standing stance for military personnel and the man in blue overalls started talking.

"Yes, General, I have the paperwork you only need to sign it and we will be over." While I signed the Data Pads and provided with my thumb imprints, he continued to talk, "Ship comes with 1500 military personnel, pilots, engineers that make this whole thing tick, 4 captains that you can choose from and array of weapons that," here he took a look over my shoulder and saw many people grouping behind me and staring into vast distances at this bay where we currently were, he went silent thinking few moments and then continued, "information about armaments and defensive turrets are only privy to highest ranking officers, that and escape shafts that only work in a certain way that captain or you may change at a times notice. What I mean if there is catastrophic core failure for some reason, you can activate the pods and this will work 100% of the time. The potential of someone sabotaging pods in such a way is almost zero. There were cases over the years where personnel were mad about this or that and then before desertion they would deactivate pods and destroy the ship, to prevent that the only one who can activate it is you General, the captain may get permission from you, but again, it's up to you who you divulge that information. This is one of 5 hangar bays each of them as you can see can house up to 100 fighter ships. If you are going to keep that ship then your capacity in this hangar decreases from 100 to 50, structural failure would be a problem if that number is any bigger, but this ship may handle any combat alone with just one of its hangars working, but in most dire situations all 5 of the hangar bays could be released and then nothing would stand in his way." 

We were all in awe of this massive ship, many spots were taken and people were now entering this hangar bay staring at us looking amazed and in awe. We thought this would be fairly straightforward. But, Anna and I saw that this is much more complicated then I used to. Massive hangar bay that had only one tunnel entrance for some reason made me ask an obvious question but I could not figure it out. 

"Why aren't the doors for the hangar bay on the front of the ship but instead of these short tunnels?" 

"Glad you asked general. You see a massive door would be needed to close and open every time we are under attack, no amount of shielding would prevent a concentrated burst of fire from a few well equipped ships. This is the only ship in the fleet that has the tunnels hidden and the massive doors on front of the circles removed. Much more energy is now available, and we aren't concerned about concentrated enemy attacks. As well as fast deployment, it's easy to service them inside without any worries of a stray missile or torpedo hitting in the hangar bay. You have no idea how many good men were lost in other ships by a well-placed missile. I'll further debrief you on what this ship has at its defensive arsenal. But going further on those hangar walls, instead of doors, we placed laser turrets it's number and position are a top guarded secret, we are still experimenting on weather this will be beneficial in combat while attacking or defending, we are uncertain." 

He was done with the hangar bay introduction, he led me and people behind me up to a large green door. "This here is med center, each bay has one housing unit containing medical center, in case the workers here experience an injury that would have to be treated pretty fast. Another, much larger med bay is in the command ball. The current capacity in that one is 200 people, which can be easily transformed and accommodate over 700, we are still working on the issues regarding the worst case scenarios." Again we moved behind him arriving at the hollow tube, "This is our Zero Grav tube that can get you anywhere on 100 levels in the ship." He entered it and so did I and Anna behind me, the rest behind us were occupied scanning across the vast hangar bay examining the various fighters and talking with the Carrier personnel. 

We arrived at a long wide hallway, the man in the blue overalls guided us towards two massive wooden doors, snapping his fingers they slowly opened, both presumably had a magnetic lock, The doors were a thick white wood over 7 feet tall, Inside was a small sized office, with large desk, and a chair behind it," This is your office General." He started walking to an opening on the wall behind the desk, thru it was a room, when we arrived to the room it was massive. Simple color with a huge bed, "This is your room sir, with bathroom and a closet, the rooms for the crew are a bit smaller but with similar layout of bathroom, bedroom and closet." He left going back to the tube, we followed and finally arrived at the bridge, "This is this beauty's' center of command, here you can manage all the ships, control the landing of the pods, or make any strategic decision."

After the wide explanation of the gorgeous bridge we headed to engineering and saw some of scientific nuances that this ship had to offer. Regarding the capacity of power it could handle it was an amazing feet of humans to produce this masterpiece. Me and Anna were left alone and were staring, flabbergasted and in awe of what we had just received. I could only be happy. I had a massive grin on my face, as I was heading for my office, the main thing here was to get a competent captain that could lead this ship that we could trust. 

I sat behind the desk and grabbed my Pad with the names of 4 people that applied for the position. I was reading the second woman's bio when I heard a telltale sign of high heels approaching. Smacking closer and closer, I could tell, even without me looking that Anna was swaying her ass while walking in her heels. I just noticed that. She came down the hall, my Pad fell down on the ground when I noticed that she was stark naked wearing only high heels. Swaying her black tushy in rhythm. Like a pendant my eyes followed her ass, left, right. Then she stopped next to me turning my chair towards her, my cock at the ready, started to lower her ass down swaying left to right as if dancing to a tune in her head. Our eyes locked on, after she did that my member jumped few times.

"I need 2 hours to read the bios of new captains. After then we'll make a strategic plan and start going for the asteroids base, until then rest and relax, General Kal over and out." My intercom voice informed every one of my plans and I got a eyebrow raised from Anna when I did finished she asked "Only 2 hours?" 

"My love, I promise you when we get to the base we will have a blast." I smiled and took her in my arms. I carried the giggling woman into my room and started to disrobe while she was on the bed enjoying my kisses.

We kissed passionately for few minutes while enjoying each other she then asked, "I've been thinking I've never had given you a blow job. Can I try?"

"Of course my love, but are you sure, I kind of feel that my thing is pretty dirty." I was pretty nervous about my cock being inside her mouth, from all the porn I have seen women love giving blowjobs but sadly porn weren't made for reality's sake. 

She grabbed my cock and just said, "You lick my whole body 2 times, at least I can do is try to and make you feel good." We locked eyes, she started kissing lightly, "You smell so good, Kal" the very mention of my name sent shivers up my spine, my cock bounced few times. 

"Anna, love, if you speak like that I'll cum right away." I was not lying my orgasm was nearing.

"Challenge accepted, my pet." After saying that she deep throated me which sent me over the edge and I spewed cum, wave after wave, directly in her throat, "Mmmmmm!" She recovered her breath, "Gods, the smell of your cum, I just orgasmed. You make me go wild, my love!"

Her long black wavy hair slowly draped over her shoulder, down her black perky tits, gently swaying over her areola and nipple. I picked her up and we started kissing. We kiss a lot. But instead of her accepting she started pushing away, 

"Stop I am unclean, I just drank your sperm." I gently set her down, put my hands on her face and pulled her over to my lips, I kissed her deep and hard, licking my semen off her lips, the bits she missed. My tongue worked its way inside her mouth, I explored her own insides. What was it that made her think she's unclean? 

She stood on the floor and I used my tongue to make her submit to me, "Why are you dirty, why do you think you are unclean?"

I moved from her lips to her breasts licking, kissing and biting them. While I traced my lips and tongue across her nipples and areole she quivered, shaking her legs and feet made her unstable so she grabbed hard on my shoulder. Her martial arts training probably kicking in, since her own arm almost tipped me over. Picking her up I carried her to the huge bed, it was enough for 12 people let alone us. Huge bed aside, I wanted to lick her pussy and stare at her eyes, so I picked her legs and positioned them right beside her head. I started licking while staring, bobbing breasts were squashed by this new positions,

"Ah! Maahhhh!" She moaned. I started sucking her little star shaped entrance, none of it has made me wince and think she was unclean. As soon as I started kissing and licking her anus she climaxed. 

"Kal. Fuck me, ram your fucking cock inside and make me squeal!" She begged, screaming thru her orgasm. I obliged her wish, lying to the side I lifted her legs to the side with my arm and entered her in one fast swoop. I was not slow and methodical, but fast and precise. I knew where her inner wall was so I went fast with the intention of just barely kissing it. But I nothing, my penis was fully inside and my movements were not stopped by anything. So I obliged for the first time I was fucking Anna. 

"Anna" I was calling her name.

"Kal!" she was screaming my own. I was pretty aroused hearing my name coming from her mouth. I exploded another salvo of cum, deep where I hoped her womb was located. 

My cock still hard. Placing her on her knees I went behind her and started ramming, passion on my cock was still not satiated. I had that old itch that I desperately tried to scratch in her melting honeypot. Her insides were gripping, grabbing at my meat, every time I tried to pull my sex out her cunt would grasp on it as if afraid of letting it go, while I rammed my hips in her own ass, she was yelping. Every time. My itch getting greater, bigger by the second. I could not stop fucking, hoping she grows tiny arms in her vagina to scratch it.

I don't know where from I got the nerve from, but in midst of us colliding I slapped her ass. Not hard, but not as gently either, something I regretted pretty soon. 

Anna immediately cowered beneath me, shaking, yelping and crying. Seeing this my cock went limp almost instantly. I saw her shaking, now her arms were over her head saying, "Please, don't hurt me." My heart broke in thousand pieces. I hugged her behind, nakedness was secondary, sex was not important, my Love's distress was evident in her eyes and I wanted to save her. Prove to her that I meant no harm.
