 Exploring the few things in the room with the large desk made me think that the main room for this entire compound was that torture room behind me; besides from few screens, showing my team breaking the deserter's bodies. Nothing was inside the desk drawers, other than papers that could contain code words, after I found they were blank, now were lying on the ground discarded like used tissue paper. Ra'Va and Anna were as well exploring this room opening few remaining compartments or looking what's happening on the view screens. I saw Sonya standing outside the room, I approached her not knowing how to say what I was about to say.

Wiping the sweat from my bald head, preparing my mind, the words just didn't come through. What was I about to do? Pupa is dead. I don't know how to express myself without the constant burden of irony in my every word. I'm accustomed to feel myself in pain and misery but not dishing it out to others. Not to innocent people that did me no wrong. Thousands of scenarios were in my head, thinking where this might go, I felt my lips open up, mouth moving, I could not see or feel my face. What expression was I having? Was it appropriate? A sudden squeeze on my hand, a familiar feel of Anna's skin made me feel quite relieved. 

Sonya had a face that showed several different emotions at once until her head dropped down and tears started appearing in her eyes. I took her hand and led her to a chair beside the now ransacked desk, now it was her turn to ask million questions, looking first at me, then Anna, then the strange creature Ra'Va.

"How did it happen? Why?" Tears streamed down. I assumed she was quite close to Pupa.

It took me several minutes to bring her up to speed, how these things happened. When I started to explain why he died, she started to have angry look on her face. I incriminated myself, explaining what and why I did what I did. Blaming myself for his death and half of it was true. It was not my fault, but I still felt responsible, repositioning myself was too fast, not allowing enough time for him to do the same. In short I AM to blame in this situation, my men depend on me, depend to lead them, and make sound judgments that will never bring harm to them in any way. I can argue all I want that I could not know what they would do, bring my own feelings up, making me less responsible, but that would just be a blatant lie. To myself, my team and Pupa's parents. Oh Gods I have to tell the parents about this.

We were silent for few minutes, I was hoping that the passage of time would lessen the impact of the insensitive nature that I was about to bring up. I knelt right in front of her, "Listen Sonya, I need your help. I know this is insensitive of me right now but we have a job to do, Commander had a Data Link here I need to know what's on it. Can you do it?"

She looked at me, first I thought I saw a scowl on her pretty face, but a moment later and she nodded, "Of course Boss." She stood up and went behind the desk, taking some devices from the inventory on her back, plugging them in on several input openings on the table. She started to work after sitting down.

"I'm not blaming you, Boss." Her voice was quiet, she was still staring at the holographic display in front of her. 

"I'm not saying you are, but considering that I am your commanding officer I am feeling responsible. I can't even begin to apologize for my inadequate preparation." My head was low, I could feel the eyes of Anna and Ra'Va on my back. Anna squeezed my hand it made me feel better but still my heart ached. 

"Does he have any relatives?" I asked Sonya. 

"Yes, mother, father and 2 siblings, a brother and a sister." She answered, her eyes never moving off of the screen. Now she was looking at myriad of other screens that opened immediately after a loud ping had been heard.

"Did you do it?" I asked full of anticipation.

After waiting for few seconds her eyes went wide with amazement, "This here... Seems like they recently encountered a strange abandoned ship. Scavenged the parts from it and found some medical supplies. The journal on his Data station says that it's has been infested by some sort of biological contamination, few remains of the crew that have been found had been partially consumed."

"Consumed?" Anna asked. Looking at the streaming text that Sonya had been studying so far.

"I have a Vid preparing to stream, the next few lines just ramble on what he had seen the, and I quote here, 'enhanced medicine' was doing to his soldiers. Some on their enhanced versions would claw thru metal and rock like it was nothing. Having no pain or morality, whatever morality they had left apparently the medicine striped away, the only drawback it would seem was the subject needed to be dead."

The video started suddenly while she was explaining what she has been reading.

The picture was shaky at first, typical for the sort of outdated cameras found on top or on the sides of some older weapons, then it steadied as the person who was controlling the camera started to get accustomed to all of the debris on the ground. After a while the team he was with, a team of 5 men, so far that I could see, started showing their emotional distress at random sounds that they started to hear on the empty husk. After a while they started to see strange tearing, damage from firearms and random blood spurts that were on the walls or on the floors. The soldiers were visibly shaken, and wearer panned the camera to the left when a sudden loud clang, which startled us and the people that were in the video. I laughed lightly at my apparent nervousness, when the camera focused on the body that was near some unknown room. The body was unusually contorted as in apparent death scream, whites of the eyes could be seen from where the soldier was standing. He started walking and after 10 steps he was near the body, mouth hanging open, even more than before, added macabre and silent dread to the feeling in the room we were in, I could only imagine what the soldiers were feeling. Nobody was speaking, which was another obvious flag that they were out of their element.

Strange growth was showing on the body across all of its wounds, purple, orange and green. It reminded me of moss growing on the side of rocks back home, but the moss appeared to breathe. Rising and falling. As if it actually took in air of its own. There was further evidence that this was not an isolated incident. Further down the hall a room that was apparently arranged as a med bay, had huge chunks of the moss growing all over the place, again wherever the damage was done, on the walls, floors or the tables and beds.

The video cuts off with static, another drawback of old relics, and transitioned into what it seemed storage bay, since crates upon crates could be seen lined up across the room while the one they opened was right in front of them. The crate contained 10 vials of the same liquid I saw on the arm of the soldier that rose after his death.

"It seems he was experimenting with something, according to this journal, he has been taking dead bodies from every species he could get. Mostly humans and people from Solanje."

Something told me that these things were connected, "What was the body count on the attacks on Earth and Solanje combined?"

"500, most of those are Solanje refugees, we have been hit lighter than they have for some reason. Maybe Earth's defense systems were too much for them." Anna answered pretty fast.

"Something is wrong, there is a file here that my decryption program seems to just bounce off, whatever is inside it seems to be of vital importance to encrypt it with something I have not ever seen before." As Sonya was talking a window showing a file that she tried to open. The same file as any other but she was obviously worried.

"Download everything to mine and your Data Pad we will try to breach it on Cloverfeild, I'll need to send data that we have to Gal Federation. This is really strange turn of events."

I turned to Ra'Va, she was looking at the screens mesmerized by the violence my team showed to the soldiers that had the same braces. "Sir it's done." Minutes later Sonya warned me that she was finished.

"You got everything from his computer?" I asked, she nodded. 

"Ok let's leave." I was leading Anna, Sonya and Ra'Va outside back to lower level where most of my team were. 

Almost 30 minutes later Blackness was on its way to pick us up while Taryn gave us few scans just to see if we were carrying any infections. Arms along the braces that were cut off from unwilling soldiers were collected and stored inside one of the containers on board Blackness, which was in turn locked by my personal code. I gave another set of codes to my Second in Command, Anna. We were off soon after that. Back to Cloverfeild. Ceremonial cloths were all over Pupa's body and it was laid down into special coffin. Next was just informing his family.

"Fighters up!" I announced while entering the bridge on board Cloverfeild. 

"Sir?!" Primary captain was obviously reluctant to follow thru my orders.

"We're going to have some target practice, I want that base leveled, and its traces removed from this system." 

"Yes sir. Primary to all fighters present, launch is authorized." Primary gladly executed her orders and after few minutes fighters were up.

"I want this to be practice for you, and men and women out there, prepare just as you were fighting a swarm of enemy fighters. Treat that base as enemy carrier. As I'm really unaccustomed to space battles I want you to show me how you do things here. Make me proud." I leaned on a wall watching men and women do their job almost as in trance, it was an orchestra of movement all practiced and enchanting. 

Orders were flying out Primary's mouth while the fighters followed. In seconds the base was reduced to rubble only our memory would remember what it looked like. After all of the fighters were in hangar bays we were on our way back to Earth, in few hours I will inform Pupa's parents what has happened to their son. I'm, as his commanding officer, responsible to do this. I felt the burden.

Next few hours I spent behind my desk reading what the commander was thinking of doing across the past few weeks. Apparently he was in contact with some other person or group of people that were instructing him to take action against those that harmed him and his career. Gal Federation was attempting to court martial him for many atrocities he and his men were committing across several of war torn systems. Seems like he was attempting to use the drug we found on bodies of those soldiers to form some sort of attack on different areas in Gal Federation space. After a while I was informed that we were about to enter Earth's outer rim, we were not permitted to approach closer than where the moon was circling around Earth. A 5 mile wide ship is pretty much instructed to stay clear away from any normal routes that commercial lines my run by, I would go down the planet either in Blackness or in a shuttle. I went out of my office just to stumble upon Anna and Ra'Va.

"Hey, I was heading down to earth to deliver Pupas' body and inform his family." I informed them both

"Great I'll take Ra'Va to your room and let her rest." Anna said, "I'll accompany you back down." 

In no time we were on our way back to Earth. Anna was holding my hand the entire time for some reason, I did not mind, I was squeezing back and trying to show how much appreciation I have for her. We landed in nearby military spaceport and taking an issued vehicle we were on our way to Pupa's home. 

Parking our black SUV I exited and saw that his parents lived in 2 story suburban styled home. Everything that I saw told me he came from a loving background. I had my military uniform reserved for serious ceremonies, black on black uniform, I thought wearing anything else would be disrespectful towards the news that I was delivering. People that heard that a general was doing the informing family had a lot of negative comments to say. Mainly worries that people may see me as a weak person. I took two breaths and with Anna behind me I started to walk towards the door. 

The nearer I came the more removed I became. Not just my emotions but my consciousness seemed to pull away from my body and I was watching myself from the outside. I stopped near their door and everything sucked back inside. I knocked lightly. Once, twice, three times. I wished deep down my core that nobody answers, but I also knew that this had to be done. 

Almost immediately I was greeted by a mild, happy face. I remember my late mother having that expression many times when I was growing up. I took my forage cap off. Lowering my head and asking to be let in her home. We sat around the den. The next few minutes I will never forget, while I expressed why we were there, her expression came from a happy to something that I could never explain properly in words. She started to cry and yell at us. Repeating the words WHY, over and over again.

I could never give her a proper answer, I lost people I loved but I never lost a son like she did. I stood up and she started slapping my face. If not for Anna and her help I would have let her beat me to death. Again I bowed as low as I could without actually looking like I was disrespecting her son by making myself a victim here, "I could never bring back him, and if I could I would give my life for his in a heartbeat."

She snarled at me, "Why didn't you? Why did you let my son die? WHY ARE YOU ALIVE?!?!" She somehow passed thru Anna and started another tirade of slapping, hitting and smacking my face. I stopped Anna with my hand raised. She could not hurt me, but I felt her pain with each hit, the more she hit me the less energy she had. She was enraged, hurt, sad, broken, every hit conveyed her pain, every hit was from deep within. 

A man entered the house, and rushed towards the woman to keep her off me, but Anna was fast and stopped him lightly. By his face I could see that she was informing him what has happened here. Moments later I saw him drop down to his knees and cry, by his age I assumed he was Pupas' father. Lady was out of energy, she could only cry, dropping down her knees I caught her and slowly raised back on the sofa. She cried looking at my stinging face. I hugged this grieving mother, hoping that my hug will somehow lessen her grief. But I knew it could not. I could not do anything to make her feel better, she's going forever be changed. Her son will never enter that door, run towards her embrace and give her a kiss.

I spent next tens of minutes explaining what happened to him and what kind of person he was. 

On our way to the SUV many thoughts creeped in my head, several times I chastised myself for being weak, but finally I promised myself that I would never allow any more deaths in my unit. That was my personal vow. We sat behind the driver and Anna immediately took my hand into her lap, gently squeezing it. I stared at the scenery passing by, in no time we were at the spaceport, shuttle waiting for us. On board of the shuttle behind prying eyes of the pilot and his copilot I kissed Anna with everything I had. I kept my hold on her for the ride to our ship. 

Once off we noticed several shuttles out of place, they were bearing marks of Gal Federation but were much more elegant in design than the ones in our own arsenal. I was thinking of heading towards the bridge but something told me to go to my own office room. There I saw men lined up and escorting Ra'Va.

I gently lifted my hand to stop their advance, "What are you doing to my guest, gentlemen?" Men just looked at one another and tried to bore thru my body with sheer force but instead they bounced off and ended on the floor. 

"What are you doing? I am General Kal Farah, state your business." My voice was commanding, my gaze icy. I wanted to show them that I was in charge. Sadly they just sneered and a man in purple suit of armor stepped out of the shadows behind me and Anna. 

He started to walk gently towards me, offering his hand. I gladly accepted with a giant smile on my face, I was glad that someone is thinking with his head here. WHAM! I got slapped in the face, it stings, but I was more pleased that this was so cut and dry. Pain is something I can dish out gladly to people who search for it like hounds. Nonsensical ramblings who's right or wrong, which side is stronger is so unneeded. Just I don't think it will be a brawl the other side wants. This is like a street fight you know, no rules are the rules. Their own morals are more important than the comfort of other people. So why not crush them and their morals into dirt.

Anna saw what happened and acted faster and more emotional than I did. A series of moves nobody could follow, they ended on the ground with him on the bottom with her knee on his throat choking him.

"Now will you start explaining yourself? Or should I replace lady's knee with my own. I doubt my weight would be quite relaxing as hers is." My face still stung with pain but I could control my rage, and it was my first time being slapped by a man. I was usually accustomed to getting slapped by a lady that I was wooing. She finds me disgusting I get spat on, slapped and I move on. A man on the other hand; I would never expect to show such feminine actions. My back turned to the 4 men behind, two of which held Ra'Va, I did not see what the other two were doing but I felt something sting my side and then a sharp pain. I was on my back the next second passed out.

"WAKE UP" a loud woman's voice screamed in my head, I was groggy first few seconds. I saw clothes around the floor. Anna's clothes. 

"Keep the bitch still," I heard coming from my office. I entered silently and it was empty. However, the door to my room was broken. I stood beside the opening staring at the sight in front of me.

"Oh god this bitch is tight." What I saw was Anna getting raped by a man. Four other men were positioned behind or in front waiting for their turn. 

Like a bear in the woods I was fast, relentless and deadly. Guy directly in front of me got his neck broken by the swipe of my hand. Next two guys were on their knees front teeth missing the last guy had both his arms and legs broken and his face caved in. They all probably had their fun. Now it's my turn.

The man that had his fingers inside my woman, my love, my life. I picked up by his neck. Dangling beneath, his bladder immediately released after viewing that four grown men were out cold or dead. I gently looked at Anna and I saw that they did not do much to her or Ra'Va, few cuts and bruises but nothing that couldn't be healed by time. But still this maggot thought he could do that to her. My rage was unending my fist unrelenting. Like old spaghetti western; God forgives I don't. 

First 5 punches broke his front teeth, next myriad was just softening his bones; his own as well as mine. By the twentieth punch I could hear cracking inside my own fist. His face almost unrecognizable. After that I just felt as I was hitting a sponge full of blood, his remaining features did nothing to tell how he looked before my strikes. Broken bones were poking thru my fist, he was wheezing and blood could be seen coming from random areas of his face. Mouth and nose were bound together by the swollen tissue. I would continue smacking him if not for Anna's merciful heart, she is so lovely and kind, I smiled gently to calm her worried look. Some of the men that were passed out slowly woke and were staring at me with petrified looks.

"They did nothing to me. Love, you were fast to get up and come to our rescue." She gently put her hand on my aching fist lowering it to her own face. She kissed the hand that disgustingly had peeking bones and flesh torn apart. With my left hand holding the man that was about to put my love thru something unforgivable, I just let him go like piece of garbage that he was. Flopping down to the floor wheezing and moaning. Asking god to help him. I held Anna with my arms into a long lasting hug. I kissed her head, brows, cheeks and lips. She thought of pulling away but I felt her hug finally strengthen around my neck pleading for me to continue.
