 [I want to say few things now that I've released what I have written and edited. Many of you find the need to send threats to me just because I wrote a character that is a bit emotional, as a matter of fact the main character is largely based on my own emotions. Another thing I found pretty funny is how every email I receive was either telling me how bad I am or how bad my writing is. I never really figured out in my 29 years of living on this planet why people find a need to tell that my family should die off, it's just counterproductive. 

I love reading your comments don't get me wrong, but if you are just going to download hate on the screen then don't read my story. Move on and have a nice day. 

I love you all but this is slowly breaking me apart; after this I think I'll take a week off writing to see if it's worth it.]

*

My eyes were still closed when I slowly woke up to breathing noises from my better half. I smile, one of the rare moments when I wake up totally rested, fresh and calm. I love this feeling. I finally recognize how much I want; how much I need this woman in my life. She is the reason I rise in the morning with smile on my face. I now see that Jenny was nothing but a fluke, I didn't love her; I just wanted her to be with me, I did not care about her happiness but only my own. I wanted the bragging rights that usually came from dating a good looking female. Hypocritical of me I know, but considering what I went through growing up, at last I had one thing I could brag about my life. A beautiful hot girlfriend. Envy of every male on the planet. A bigger dick conspiracy was not needed here, at that time I thought I had the biggest one. Nobody could dispute it.

Jenny always came second in my life. Everything else was important her happiness never came across my mind. Now I see how much she suffered being with me. There was nothing emotional in that relationship other than me being a total whiny pussy after it. She found her happiness one way.

Anna was different, as I spoon with this sleeping enchantress, I can only think how to make her even happier. My own comfort does not have to be in the same equation. I'll make her happiness my own comfort. I caress her cheek. Smell her hair. I enjoy her dreamy snores. Gods I'm smitten with her.

Her wavy hair was gently cascading over her shoulders, down her perky tits, there was some sort of poetry in all of this; me hugging her from behind just enjoying her being. Everything was in place, like cogwheels that just come together, I felt that this should last forever.

I am pretty anal when it comes when to get up and my inner clock told me that I should just go shower and let her sleep our nightly activities off. A poor woman needs her beauty sleep, especially when she's put thru the 10 rounds of sex with recently deflowered virgin.

I laughed when I went under the blast of water, people on this ship see me probably as asshole commander that just got his rank by sheer luck. But sometimes luck is all you need. Not that I reject all the rewards that came with being promoted. Yesterday's events just made me think that I am expected to be a slimy fuck that will just do whatever he wants. Connor and my Primary on bridge just confirmed my prior misgivings about the army. Snakey on my promotion day, even that fatso that came to take his people yesterday will never change their primal self. Once you learn to act in a certain way I believe it's quite hard to change ones ways.

I dried myself off and wore old T -- shirt and a pair of sweatpants. Then I was on my way with a towel on my shoulder towards the gym on this ship. It will be my first time doing so on board. I entered the Grav Tube but sadly I did not know where the gym was. So I spent 2 hours just going around it like a lost puppy. I got weird glances from the crew every time the tube would shoot me past the most populated areas of the ship. It's not that I was recognizable, but I was the only one using it during that time. And one man going around like a zombie gets noticed pretty fast.

I came to a stop on random deck I did not even recognize. A man doing his round of duty approached me when I exited the Grav Tube and just at that time few other people came running including the Secondary captain of Cloverfeild.

"General are you ok?" Everybody for some reason had worried looks on their faces. I did not know why but fear was starting to show on faces of my crew.

I used my towel to wipe my bald head and said, "HOOOOO. That was quite an exercise. You should try doing that. Gets the wrinkle out of your clothes and puts hairs UP your ass."

"What's wrong guys you look like someone died?" I glanced at the crowd of people gathering around me. A mass of 30 or so people just kept getting bigger.

The Secondary was pretty confused staring at people around him then back at me, "Sir you just spent 2 hours riding that tube. You mean to tell me you exercised?"

"Okay, Fine. I was trapped in a black hole that took me to past, and I was stuck there for 5 years then I finally came back." I waved mystically my hands up and down while I hoped they bought by phony story.

I'll never admit to what was the REAL reason for me riding the tube but my subordinates do not need to know that reason. I want them to remember me as I am not how I fuck up.

"He was lost up there and he could not get down after he spent riding it for 2 whole turns. You saw him riding it so he thought he could ride it out until you left. By the time that came to his head it was too late to step off." Jerry came from somewhere and exposed my perfectly devised plan.

"Asshole, my perfect web of lies is exposed." I growled at him.

"Hah, payback for that smack. What did you think you could fool us? We know what you think before you think it, when you think it." Jerry had a smug smile on his face that I wanted to smack off but he was right. I was dumb for believing that the crew would believe my lies.

The crew on the other hand were all laughing at the thought that their commanding officer, a general that had their fates in their hand was so foolish to spend 2 hours riding in a Grav Tube just because. I never saw people smiling as happy as these group of people. Like a thousand pounds were lifted from their shoulders.

After the crowd started dissipating I was left alone with Jerry. My best friend. He looked at me with his stoic expression knowing that he just gave me the round of verbal smacking. His hybrid mental capabilities were pretty out there when it came to us normiess.

I came and gave this man a giant hug. At first he was confused but afterwards he returned it. "Man I'm sorry for being a giant asshole these past 4 years."

"4 years? You've been one for as long as I have known you. Remember high school, remember that girl. She wanted to go out with me and what did you say to her? She never wanted to talk to me after that." He was laughing hard.

I covered my mouth and mumbled a few words into my hands.

"What? Speak up please." He leaned in his head to listen better.

"Okay FIIINE. I told her you wanted to abduct her to bring her to your home planet and inseminate her for the future population of human/alien hybrids." I finally spoke up.

"Yes, you did. And when she didn't believe you what did you do?"

"I spent a 1000$ creating a fake 'conspiracy' theory that you wanted to use her genes to ultimately do that." Why was he friends with me again? I thought that those men were garbage but hell I was pretty slimy.

"Yes. And everything was done so you could see your name in weekly magazine Pranks'R'Us. So why are you calling me an asshole again?" His tone was more that of amusement than anything.

"Yeah, sorry for that, I was just hurt that Jenny left me for a better man." I hoped he would at least refute my own corporeal feelings.

But my hopes of this man doing the RIGHT thing were dashed away after he did nothing to refute it. "Sunovabitch."

"Hahahaha. You get what you deserve. But I'm glad you're finally back to your old assholy self. You being all mopy for the past four years were just bad for your image." He laughed hard and he slapped my shoulders with his giant hands.

"You were all dark like some sort of cartoon character, for no reason at all other than being depwesed. HAHAHAHAHA. If your dad saw you what would he do?"

"Probably kick my ass, then laugh there with you." I answered while leaning on the wall and remembering my late father.

"How about your Branch Father? I hope he knows how you act usually." A sudden realization dawned on me when this friend of mine started to bring my Branch Father and best friend of my late father.

"Holy shit. He would beat my ass, then laugh with you, then beat my ass again for disrespecting my father's memory." A chill ran down my spine.

"Right, let bygones be bygones. We don't have to repair anything regarding our relationship, let's just say that future beer, bacon and whatever else I can think off, during our hang outs are on you. Deal?"

I tried to picture my wallet getting squeezed dry by this man and his antics, "Deal. A small price to pay to get a friend back."

"Moron, you never lost me. We all care so much about you and if we didn't care about your wellbeing we would not have been in your house to offer you this job. The crew wanted you. You fought for us. You did everything in your power to do what you could to keep us from harm." Jerry was right by my side leaning with me giving my heart a much needed break from all the sadness

"We know how much you care, how bad it was when you lost those sweet parents of yours. I and Tom wanted to find those scumbags but sadly we did not. For some reason time just flew by, 1 day turned into 4 years." He fell silent here, Jerry was often at my house.

"I know I said I blamed you, we all made some mistakes. I've held my grudge for some reason like anchor. My feelings were only enhancing my parent's memory. I thought if I let that go they would disappear." I remembered when I got the news about the deaths and how I acted.

"I did not think once to go back to Earth and just resolve it. My unit needed me. I truly thought it would end in a happy ending." My head hung in shame, he'll probably think less of me now.

He just smiled gently.

Stretching my arms we talked into the oncoming duty roster of people that came thru Grav Tube right in front of us. They saluted me while passing me by. Saying "General". Then moving on to their job on this ship.

I was tired of my antics and wanted to shower and maybe get few hours of lovin' with Anna. One can dream can he?

After I was directed by smiling crewmembers I headed back down to my office and quarters. This ship was a maze hallways on some decks that it was pretty hard to navigate for a firs time visitor.

I took a long shower, again, and checked the time when I got out. It was 10 am on our ship I figured that some people measure their time differently in different locations but we kept the time that we had leaving our Solar System, on our way to patrol the edges of Gal Federation territory. A standard procedure for a space ship of this size. Other Carriers are either monitoring our space or are supporting other fleets skirmishes. And I had a free hands choosing when and where to engage and what mission to take.

I reached my bedroom door and saw that Anna was long gone. So I decided to go to sleep.

Darkness. I blink my eyes, but I just feel them close and open. I can't see a damn thing anywhere. There is something here though, around me, inside of me. Dread, fear, a dread of something, my neck constantly feels the weight of a blade as it's about to be cut. I'm at mercy of something I can't even see, feel or smell. My skin crawls. I feel that whatever is around me can just end my life at its whim.

A sudden blood curling scream. A woman, a man. I don't know what. Somehow the scream has no gender, it's deafening, and a need could be picked clean off it. I can feel that this person wants help. This person wants to live. As suddenly as it came the scream stops. My body instantly exudes sweat as if in a sauna.

Very, very slowly, my back crawls. SOMETHING is here with me. Slowly it spreads all over my body, as if whatever is with me just scanned me with its eyes. Fear prevents my body from moving. As if it's saying 'are you crazy?' then it starts. A light touch on my hand, a very light poke on my leg. It's playing with me. It is playing with me.

I want to scream. I want to yell, I want to bellow, "I WANT TO LIVE."

I start to shake. I try to kneel but I don't know when, where I am or how I'll do that. I want to zone my fears in my place. Relax my thoughts my muscles. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm lost. Forgotten, I can't seem to find myself anymore. A puff of air on my ear brought me over the edge and I started to weep. Me a grown man brought to tears by a primal need to survive an unknown situation.

A light. I start to run towards it, I start to crave it. My lips form a smile I almost jumped out of joy from this feeling. FREEDOM.

My eyes adjust to the light, I see a huge figure. Another scream, this time I'm the one who screams. I'm the one in control. I'll kill whoever approaches me. I lift the figure upwards and pin in on the wall I can barely see to my left. My eyes adjust to the light slowly. I feel fingers on my shoulders and arms. I scream in fear. I want to live.

I'm an ocean of emotions now. The arms become more and more urgent, the figure is trying to say something. Gentle tapping on my back return my vision and my sanity to me. Fear still encases my body, my being, I REALLY want to live. I see Starg in my tight grip, face purple. I feel my muscles taut to the point of crushing my bones.

I remember the thing that happen with Ra'Va and her mind meld that she did with me. Whatever it was made me feel happy. This is not the same. I can feel the fear in every pore of my body.

I jump at the light tapping of the hands on my arms and shoulders. I jump, a crazed depraved shell of a man. I haven't seen light so bright. I haven't felt fear this tangible. I lifted Starg's limp body up, but seconds later strength left me I dropped to the floor. My arm was stabbed with a syringe, I yelled, primal growl of a depraved man, a beast once cornered is truly frightening.

I recognize faces of Anna, Taryn, Jerry and Paul. They look extremely scared and worried. Anna has tears in her eyes. A splitting headache hits my eyes. I squint trying to push the pain back but ultimately unable to do so. Fear is slowly dissipating. I feel secure finally.

Time passes I keep myself from sleeping. "I won't sleep, I won't' sleep, I won't sleep."

"Impossible. He should've went to sleep immediately." I hear someone says after few minutes of me cowering under a bed. Muscles still taut as a spring, waiting for a one sign so I can escape.

I keep repeating for hours. Medication unable to bring me peace, the sleep will never consume me again. I was weak, it was neglect that led me into that situation, never again. I'll just close my eyes for a second, I am so tired. When I open them the infirmary is strangely calm, I see Taryn behind a glass panel working with something. I move and she notices me. A loud noise of someone dropping something, makes me flinch, and I notice Anna finally on the other end of the room dropping medical equipment she was carrying apparently.

She shows me a smile that could bring joy to every dark place in this universe. My heart calms. Finally I'm calm. This woman brings me such joy, this person will forever have my heart. I can feel the calm overflow my every pore. I see her slowly walking towards my bed. She takes my hand. I can feel her hands shaking, she starts crying. I finally notice Ra'Va beside my bed sleeping soundly, not noticing the commotion in the room.

"We were so worried." She starts through the tears.

"I'm sorry for worrying you my love." My eyes never moving from hers. I want this brown angel to bring me peace. She's my Valkyrie, she keeps me safe.

"What's the last thing you remember, Kal?" She asks through tears.

"Yesterday, you being attacked by those 5 tugs." I say with a smile, confident I nailed it in the head.

Her lips start to quiver, her eyes exude more tears while she looks at me, "That was almost 14 days ago."

Confusion hits me, then denial. I'm pretty self-critical when it comes to the emotions I am feeling. I try to grip myself into the ground, right into the bed that I was in. Into a sure reality before I go off. Emotions were still unstable, I could still vividly remember the fear I had. The black abyss that waited me.

"You were sleeping until yesterday, you woke up screaming, hitting, and almost choking to death Starg. You broke Paul's arm. You were afraid for your life. What did you dream of?"

"Darkness..." The next half hour I described, in vivid details, experiences I had within my dream. When I was done I noticed the room was full of people. My whole unit was there listening to my fearfully palpable story.

Looking up in front of me Jerry had a horrified look on his face, everyone had the same face, Anna and Taryn had a hand over their mouth to prevent them from screaming. I found it strange that most of my unit was in such a state over my dream.

"I have had the same dream over the years." Anna finally says.

I could feel my heart skip a beat. "Me too" Archer was next, Paul, Tom, Jerry it did not matter every one of the unit, with the exception of the new members, had experienced the same dream.

"This was different though, I have never experienced something like this. Encountering and entity inside my dream was new. Usually it's a woman and a child screaming. I wake up and that's it. Well cleaning afterwards is pretty grueling." I said with a chuckle finally.

"What did it look like?" Anna asked.

I remembered the feeling I winced a little, but remembered where I was, "I never saw it, I felt the dread, the sting of the blade on my neck, the breaths that came from its mouth. An entity inside absolute darkness, you can't see or feel. You just know you are there."

I, a grown man, had tears in my eyes when remembering my experience and the feeling I had when I described the entity that plagued my recent nightmare. The looks of people were showing fear with each passing word. The only thing I did was hug my knees and shake out of sheer terror. Like a child that just got his first deal with the boogie man. Jerry and Paul were next to me, I saw Paul's arm in a cast from the injury I caused. I silently apologized, but my friend just raised his hand and calmed me. I saw that my other hand was in a cast as well, probably broke it while raging last time I was conscious.

"I want this investigated, inform Primary, Captain Conner and call Admiral Col Xob. Write him a report about what has happened, Anna." I issued my last orders.

"It seems, I will be sleeping for a while so I want you Paul, Jerry and Starg, when he wakes, to take people from Blackness and train them. 5 people each. Ask for Captain Connors permission first though. Anna you have the command for now. I'm going to go sleep now."

I passed out shortly after handing my command to Anna. I hoped that they will be safe and sound.

I fell in and out of consciousness randomly seeing the outside world. A real hard sleep, but the fear was still there, the fear that the dream will repeat itself. I had plenty of thoughts when I was awake. But none when I slept.

Was I even sleeping?

After some time I finally woke up, I was strangely calm, no weird stomach nausea, but also I saw that I was surrounded by people. Medical personnel were moving about doing their job, I noticed few glances towards me here and there but I went undisturbed. Anna was nowhere to be found, I wanted her hug I wanted to feel her close to me. I sat up and wanted to move to get off the bed. But few nurses prevented me from doing so. Gently pushing me back onto the bed and my back, Taryn came fast running towards me and started to ask me questions about how I feel.
