 [During these few weeks I went on a long mental journey, I wanted to see what I still had to offer, as few birdies here were vocal enough in their endeavor to make me quit my passion. The early cry of help that I wrote in Ch11 was received with such positivity that it left me aghast while struggling to figure out if I had it in me to continue. Most people that emailed me had nothing but praises, creative criticisms that I surely welcome, helping me in improving my writing across all borders. 

But still those little pricks remain in my mind, like a plague of locusts that will devour every bit of positivity that I had. I was pretty sarcastic when it came to online bulling, since I was bullied as a child (pretty severely), I thought it was all bullshit. Until it happened to me. I can only say that I will NEVER stop doing what I love doing. I will NEVER tire of doing something that makes other people happy. 

Once again I offer my thanks and everlasting love to my Editors, to my growing fans, and to my friends. 

I love you all]

*

The behemoth was coming, inching ever so slowly, it was sending ripples throughout the room, fear and uncertainty was palpable while people watched the ship coming ever so closer. Leaving nothing but destruction wherever his little fighters touched, I thought that in amidst of everything so far we would go insane with anticipation. That was soon changed when I saw first of our fighters engage the enemy and get annihilated. Not even a second before it got destroyed by whatever weaponry the ship had, a strange mist was visible in the emptiness of space, surrounding the ship like a protective bubble. 

Our forces moved in and out of the screen, thoughts flying left and right from Primary, towards his own men on what action should they take regarding the attack on the monstrous behemoth in front of us; at the very least we were working up a dialogue with our men outside of the ship rather than just silently watching while this behemoth of a ship was inching toward our positions. A sudden light assaulted the visual feed that we were seeing, and when it dissipated we could only see ships in this star systems; ships of all kinds. 

This was official a full on onslaught on Gal Federation territory. Primary was showing a face of utter disbelief while she watched this happen while more and more small lights revealed even more ships by each passing second, I assumed my new place in space in front of the large screen, my back turned away from my men, I was scared, anxious; this was a planned action that wanted to hit us where we sent the least amounts of ships and personnel to defend. The area of space we were in was pretty tightly guarded by our allies. A shiver went down my spine. A sudden chill engulfed me, I just hoped that I was horribly wrong about my deduction. 

I accessed my Data Pad and sent all of the images we collected along with my assumptions to my Admiral in charge of First Army. We were completely and utterly surrounded by this massive fleet in matter of minutes. We were so lost in space, we were so delusional about what could happen here that this scenario was off our radars. We could never imagine that our allies would work with this unknown threat just to eradicate us with this much force. Not even in our wildest dreams and nightmares. The hate they must have felt, to keep talking to us in regular peaceful manners while conniving behind our backs; the endless hate they must have felt. 

I was lost on what I should do, no matter what I did here my men WERE going to die. I had no option, I could not choose. Surrender was an option, but then what? My men get sent to slavery, raped, murdered. I shook my head. 

I was sad, anxious and feeling betrayed.

But most of all I was angry. So angry at these conniving fuckers that I wanted every one of their kind to disappear. 

"Primary I want you to formulate a plan for your men and women out there. We seem to be trapped but I think we can make a brake for it during that I want you to pull back and keep fighting them, take this ship as far as you can, then start lighting up this system and every ship out there."

"SURVIVE!" I screamed at her to wake her up, she flinched out of her stupor and looked at me in disbelief.

"Captain Connor, I will need you and your men, tell everyone of your crew that they can choose to go with you or stay here." I paused for few seconds while I rested my hand on his shoulder.

"We might not come back from this." I slowly whispered while looking him in the eyes.

Anna, Tom, Paul, Mat and Jerry were in a circle around me. "Well, friends we might not survive this time, but we will let every member of this ship survive. Let every one of our crew make their own choice, stay here or follow us to death."

While Anna stood by my side the rest of them went on to do their respective roles. I told her to follow me and she obediently came with me not knowing what I had planned for her.

I grabbed her hair and kissed her, she responded by almost biting my lips off and hugging the back of my head. "What do you want to do my love?" 

Whispering in my ear she just said, "Till death do us.... You know."

In minutes we were on board of Blackness while explosions could be heard here and there around the ship. 

I could see several people, with fear in their eyes, with doubt lingering around their beings. I was not even sure if this would work. But to loose so many people and do nothing while these fuckers schemed behind our backs, conniving little jizz suckers. Every one of them deserves fate worse than death. Few minutes of flying was greeted by rumbling sounds on our hulls' ship while the entire thing trembled with us inside; the belly of the beast. 

We used our ships momentum to drive our little excursion thru the protective bubble that behemoth had around itself. 

"BRACE FOR IMPACT!" I could hear voice of a crewmember scream while a violent jolt raised everything from the ground that was not bolted, tied or like us strapped into our seats.

I was worried about the crew that decided to go with us, in total we had 100 people ridding this ship into the unknown that awaited us while praying that our compatriots, friends and acquaintances would survive this invasion of violence that was right in front of our doorstep. It was like a movie slowed down just for viewing all of the special effects that the scene had to offer, I could see every single bit and piece of iron beam contort and bend from the collision that we had to experience to penetrate deep inside the belly of behemoth, at least in our minds we had some fighting chance but reality was much more forgiving in this case. I was afraid that we would get shot down by a missile or a stray laser beam, I even pictured our little ship getting punctured by every weapon that was currently in the star system. 

Somehow we managed to survive the initial flight to our certain doom.

I lost consciousness and woke sometime later with destruction and carnage around me, area that my team was in was ripped in half and we could see the ship's innards while steam and sparks were flying all around where I was lying. My head searched for my rifle, ammo and my friends that were still tied down unable to move. I escaped using my knife and as soon as I made the area safe I helped my team on their feet. In mere seconds we were out of the damaged section and started shooting up the strange beings that were in front of our scopes. 

Fueled by anger and that primal instinct for survival we spared no equipment and started throwing everything we had in our arsenal towards the aliens that just stood there and made no attempt of doing anything but getting their heads blown off by our bullets.

I heard my team saying, "Area secured." 

While I focused my attention towards the ship that guided my team to our destination. I could only gasp since most of the ship was gone. Either punctured by lasers or few areas affected by explosions. I saw more people exiting I felt my panic rise when I saw just half of my team out, Paul shook his head and raised his hand to show that 5 members were dead. Grief was buried deep inside our souls, making way for our anger. I wanted revenge I needed it, like a starving man needed his meal. 

While I wanted to speak, my Data Pad ringed seeing I had received a video message from my Branch Father.

"Every member of Gal Federation, hear me. I must inform you that Earth has been attacked." A few painful seconds of silence as I could see that he was looking incredibly lost.

"Approximately 1 hour ago we received a report of huge invasion force entering our system. We intercepted it with everything we had. During this process Earth and most of its inhabitants were destroyed by an unknown entity. 10 billion lives lost." I was trying to process everything that I had just heard. 

I could not believe my Branch Father. I wanted to think that this was some sort of cruel joke. But his face denied me everything that I hoped was a trick and a lie. I'll never meet my Branch sister. All those lives, kids, women, elderly lost. For what? Military expansion? Political power? Greed?

I wanted to puke in my helmet. I heard my men dragging a survivor back towards me, I lifted my rifle and blew his head off in one bullet. My men were staring at me with disbelief in their eyes.

Admiral Col Xob continued his report, "Our colonies on Mars and Zima Prime are still untouched but for how long we do not know. Currently I'm ordering any and all ships still remaining in operation. Do not suicide attack, anyone. Remain alive. Persevere. Tomorrow will be a brighter day. YOU MUST SURVIVE. Hide wherever you can. I am proud I could command such fine serving men and women of GAL FEDERATION. WE WILL SURVIVE. Over and out."

"No prisoners, focus on searching their engine room, initiate core breach and meet back here in 1 hour." I was issuing my orders while my voice was trembling.

I informed what I had just received from our Admiral. The next few minutes my team vented their anger and frustration on any alien that they could find.

This ship was massive, it had more people than we could ever think of having on one ship but they lacked the anger that we had, they lacked the crazed faces that most of my team were carrying. Slowly but surely every member of my crew started to walk in straight line killing everything they could see that did not bear our colors. As we went further into the ship we blew every room we came across. Hundreds of bodies lied behind us, even more in front of us waited in anticipation, their weapons did nothing to prevent our crazy line of attack. I could see Tom and Paul getting hit and not getting up from their injuries. This was our last ditch effort, our last scream and our last attempt at life. 

"We are DEATH, we will reap your souls." I slowly said into my voice coms. 

Half an hour later we came at a room that we thought it could contain the core since energy signals coming from it were through the roof. Setting the charges on designated areas we started the long walk back while I initiated core breach and destroyed the controls. Why was this so easy? I could not know. Our ships had protective shields and codes in place just in case someone had an idea to do that, but that was only due some core breaches initiated by our own deserters. Maybe they never had a situation of their core being destroyed by such an 'innovative' way; reaching our spot of rendezvous I saw that everybody but Anna had life threatening wounds. I was sad, but proud of my people.

"My men, my brothers and sisters in arms, I am so proud of you right now. It's time for all of you to leave and live. Survive." I put most of them in pods of what remained in Blackness ship.

"We aren't going to leave you general. We will all survive." Archer spitting blood managed to spit few last words before passing out either from pain or loss of blood I could not know.

I picked him up and gently placed one by one my remaining 10 soldiers. Launching Pods into the emptiness of space I hoped they had enough air to be collected by Cloverfeild. Two more minutes remained and only alive members of my crew were me and Anna that just stood gracefully beside me awaiting for her fate. 

Silently.

Patiently.

Bloodied floor from alien goop and my dead crew covered vast area where we stood. Body parts were comically jerking around from every explosion in the ship while more and even more sounds could be heard by approaching aliens and their horrifying screams. Families were destroyed this night, I was the Devil, the Butcher of their race and they could do nothing at this time but scream in their doom. 

Anna was gripping my hand almost in panic. She wanted to live. I was sure of it, picking her up I took her to one last Pod, but she was reluctant to leave me behind. I wanted to die in peace. Having her here would just make me hate myself. I would be a wraith driven by my own guilt, sadness and despair. I was carrying her, she started to shake and cry.

"Please, don't leave me alone. Please." I looked at this woman that craved for me more than her own life. I wanted her to survive. 

I gently placed her into the last remaining Pod, slowly strapping her in, my tears dripping onto her shoulders, she was caressing my cheeks begging me not to let her go alone. I kissed her one last time our hands held together all I had to do was separate and push the button to let her escape. She was desperate her vicelike grip on our hands showed me how much she needed me; how much she wanted me in her life. 

Kissing the back of her hands I stained them with my tears while saying in all my trembling voice, "I love you so much. Survive."

I pushed the button and screen slowly started to close. She suddenly pulled me into her buxom and held me tight. Pod launched few seconds later. I could hear the door lock, and explosions behind me heat hitting my back while doors closed. Her grip was of want and need, we just had enough room for us to separate and look into each other eyes while behind us everything went silent. Pod started to bore thru space. Faster and faster until we were hit by explosion wave of the dying behemoth. 

I was honestly ready to die, my mind was set, but inside, not even that deep I wanted to live. I wanted to die old and make this woman happy. Right now she just held me with her arms while we tumbled thru space our destination unknown. I could see her smile.

"Good. Cloverfeild survived." She said with a gentle smile.

I turned my head slightly to see tiny explosions, getting bigger and brighter by each passing second, while we were on our way to infinity. We met our lips in long lasting kiss. ** Warm bright light was shining on my eyes getting warmer by each passing second. I opened my eyes slowly getting accustomed to the new sensation of getting blinded by two suns at the same time. I felt my head rise and fall, occasionally bouncing up and down. A nice, weird and warming sensation, 'I have to repeat this again' I thought as I got my bearings, lifting my leg and punching the Pods' doors so I could escape this confining space. I enjoyed the attention by my muscles were asleep. 

My senses were assaulted by telltale sounds of sea. Smell was strangely nostalgic, it brought forward images of me and my family during one trip in my youth. As I opened my eyes I saw hills on my left and right side, while behind my back was lush green forest gently swaying on the breeze. It was calm it was certainly enjoyable. I checked on my love. She was slowly waking up, looking me in the eyes smiling. Rising up from the pod, groggily, she yawned and gently kissed me on the cheek while looking at our newest predicament. I could not know what she was feeling, but I was glad that she was with me, I was glad she pulled me in the pod so I could be with her. 

Slowly I was reminded that my body was soaked with sweat, since the suit I wore provided very little ventilation, Anna was shedding her own clothes without any hint of shame. I followed her, my suit soon lying bellow my feet; bringing my arms towards her, gently hugging her naked body. New world was offering us many new experiences that we must traverse but most of all we have to establish contact with our people as soon as possible. 

She hugged my body with her legs, almost squeezing the semen out of me with her grip alone, I had a grin on my face as soon as she was naked I hoped something like this would happen. 

"What would you want me to do?" She asked me purring into my lips.

"What wouldn't I want done to me? 

"Oh you answering a question with a question. Smooth move."

"It is smooth isn't it?" Again my line of zingers were incredibly inappropriate.

"What will we do now?" Finally she asked the question that we both dreaded.

I looked her in the eyes, "I honestly do not know. My love, if I was here alone, I would have taken my life as soon my eyes opened."

"Should we just get it over with? What else do we live for? Earth is destroyed, Gods know how many humans are alive, and most of all, we are stranded here like sardines in a can."

"I beg your pardon, my lady, we smell better than sardines. I would equate us to a pineapple." I joked.

"It's not funny, Kal we have to do something. We can't stay here forever. We need to work a way, a solution to get out of here." 

"And go where? Most of our people are dead or dying, we have no home to speak of, what would we do when we get up there, and Gods only know who else is on this scheme. I would love to kill every one of those scum with my bare hands."

I hugged her closer, "Look I know that you may feel that this is permanent. But I assure you that I was working on a solution to get us of this planet, but I do not know what will happen when I do; everything that I have done up till now has become a giant pool of shit just waiting for me to drop in and take a swim."

I leaned my forehead against her own, "I'm supposed to be a great general of the army. People followed my orders like I knew what I was talking about, funny how fucking incompetent I am in reality." 

She started to trace kisses along my neck while caressing my back with her fingers. Kissing my collarbone she switched to do the same on my other side, slowly she started kissing my bottom then top lip, lightly biting it, licking slowly while I stood there with her butt in my hands and her legs still around me gripping me with an intent. Intent to squeeze my semen one way or the other. Her kisses were soothing me, they were not hurried but calculated, methodical and precise. Most of them would wake every man's desire to copulate right there, but I wanted to make this space and time our own exploration of the unknown. 

I picked her up with my arms and gently rubbed my hips on her pussy that was getting wetter ever so slowly. She softly moaned, my cock jumping, I was close to cumming just from her kisses. Finally I returned her kisses and we started to explore the inside of our mouths. 

She broke of the kiss to hug me even tighter while her head lied on my shoulder. I gently pushed my cock inside, very slowly, the head of my penis was getting further inside by the second, I had to stop her hips from coming down. Moaning softly, her body shivered, I could tell that she was pretty comfortable in this position since all of her weight were on my hands, squeezing her well-formed butt. 

I kissed her neck, gently swaying my hips, her insides were gripping me like a vice, and her flesh softly caressed my cock, her womb kissing the head of my penis. Shivering started to get more prominent, her voice was now an octave louder, still she moaned, no other words or sounds were necessary to express our need or our love at this point in time. 

Kneeling down on the ground I laid her, my hips between hers while her back was gently placed on the ground, I started to move more energetically. I wanted to cum fast, deep and plenty inside her hot womb. Her voice was now just melody of screams, unbridled by the area where we are, not by anyone or anything. We were alone on this alien island. Her head was pushed up, her eyes crossed, I grabbed her feet and continued to pound this woman with everlasting urgency. My end was slowly approaching, she, in all her need, started to drool on her breasts riding apparently a massive orgasm while her pussy started to piss juice all over my body.
