 Anna was already awake and looking at me while I carried the terrified woman where she was sleeping just moments before. Her fur was slowly falling off, while her body rubbed against mine. The next few steps Anna herself came towards us and started to soothe the woman in my arms, making her calmer with each passing second; while doing so she noticed herself that the woman's fur was falling from various spots on her body. Woman's body was incredibly soft and it brought my cock slightly up poking her on her ass, I'm not proud of this moment, but I am a man that was carrying quite a gorgeous naked woman in my arms. 

Anna saw my reaction and lifted one of her eyebrows, probably in surprise since we had sex just hours before. I set the woman inside the Pod where it was nice and secure, caressing her leg while Anna held her head in her own hands. 

"I'm going to see what she has in her little cave." I kissed the back of her head while moving towards where I found the woman. 

Various plants, simple fireplace and few animal carcasses. There was nothing to take from this spot; I sadly noticed that her sleeping spot was just a dent on the ground. She did not use anything to cover herself from the outside elements. I noticed beside her sleeping spot there was a doll woven out of grass. Picking it up I started to walk down where we landed on the beach. Still my cock was hard as steel bouncing as I walked. I saw animals staring while doing their god's given duty, either drinking water or nibbling on various fruits and insects. They were ape like creatures screeching down as I walked. Two, three tails could be seen on these animals in various colors. Here and there I could see animals in various acts of sex. 

I thought about Ra'Va all of a sudden for some strange reason. The woman was probably trying to get in touch with her own people, her face was as vivid as the day I saw her; as I thought about her I noticed that I was near the Pod not knowing how I got there. 

Anna noticed my protruding member. Keeping an eye contact with me she started to suck me off right in front of the woman. She was deep throating me while gagging, as slow steady movements slowly transformed to deep and fast ministrations of need for my release. I could feel her throat grabbing the head of my cock while she grabbed my hips to pull me further in, still it was short of getting the entirety of my cock inside. But still I could admire my woman doing this to her lover. 

Grabbing her hair I started to slowly buck my hips toward her throat being careful to not hurt her easing of every time when she started to gag to the point of tearing up, new sensations on my cock as the woman was intently staring at our own sex plays, made me grab the hump of my orgasm and drive me toward the light. Blasting ropes of cum in the back of Anna's' throat. 

My seed was swallowed down with such beauty and grace, and she was looking as if sampling the finest meal in her life, she was not about to allow me to calm down. Stroking my cock up and down, looking at me then at the woman that started to finger her own cunt, looking amazing as she approached her own orgasmic release. 

Anna lifted her rump as her head went down and she started to finger and lick the woman's cunt, driving her further over the edge riding the crest of her orgasm into the dawn's sky. Positioning myself right behind her ass and kneeling down, I buried my face inside her hot and moist pussy, fingering around searching for the delicious mound of flesh that granted her that orgasmic release that made her loose her mind, body and soul. 

The woman was panting, heavy scream escaped her mouth while Anna was moaning into her cunt. She squirted into my face shortly after woman's screams died down, lifting her leg onto the Pod, driving my itchy cock into her nether ridges of flesh; my hips started a slow pace of movement while I looked into the eyes of the woman that was just riding her second orgasm. Gyrating my hips searching for that nub of flesh with my own hard cock. Anna was bucking her hips against my own, searching for my next start. But I was relentless. I wanted to find it with my own cock. 

As suddenly as I stopped I found the nub of flesh that made her flinch, moan loudly, lift her head up to look me in the eyes and clench her pussy, all at once. I started to pound my hips in ever increasing intensity of motion. Grabbing her tits from behind and squeezing hard as her pussy relentlessly grabbed my cock, as if to say 'do not stop'. I panted bucking my hips against hers. She started to treble. She started to ride something amazing. She started an animalistic scream, into the air while I continuously pounded at that nub of flesh inside her pussy. 

She was riding her orgasm into the space while my own started to drift. Slowly creeping up on me I screamed as it pounced and I released deep into her womb. Making her orgasm again with greater intensity. She drifted into unconsciousness and dropped against the Pod. My cock slipping out of her pussy. Moist with her and my juices, woman's eyes focused on my erect member. 

Slowly moving towards me and licking it softly. I noticed she had protruding canines inside her mouth, at first I was scared of her biting me, but she gently with a rough tongue made me feel sensations that would allude me forever if I had stopped her. Gyrating her hand and head wildly I noticed that she was more experienced than I have ever felt. I blasted another rope of cum on her face. 

Looking at me she licked the dripping cum of her lips and face. We were silent. We locked eyes as she stood up, her hips cradled mine and she slowly lowered herself onto my member. I had a different sensation on my cock other than my woman giving me pleasure. This was another woman's pussy. My cock bounced giving this woman a little poke, making her shiver while my hips started to move. 

The next few minutes I had driven my hips up and down, listening to the woman's joyous screams. She licked my shoulders, rough tongue making me wince. I blasted her inside while her pregnant belly poked me on my own. She shivered while ropes of cum went deep inside. My arms slowly reassured this lost woman. She relaxed slowly, her legs dropping down from my hips. I was still holding her, still hard as a rock. 

Continuously moving my hips even though she and I just stopped cumming my own mind wanted another round of insatiable sex to hear this woman scream into the lost wilds. I could hear loud purring noises coming from deep inside her throat while I bucked like a bronco, stallion that did his god given job. 

The woman's eyes beneath me rolled into her skull while her tongue hanged down from her mouth, thinking she wanted me to suck on it I bent down and started to work my lips around the edges of her protruding muscle. Slurping and sucking could be heard as I ponded my hips into her own, this was no more making love but pure animalistic rutting. 

As I sucked on her tongue, her pussy gripping my cock, I noticed Anna waking up and moving towards where we were lying. Grabbing the woman's breasts she started to kiss her while my member twitched at this incredible erotic display. 

"Oh good Gods of old, this is amazing. Fucking bitch is gripping me tight." I contorted my face as her pussy went even tighter as I pushed my hips thru, hitting a certain wall in front of my penis. 

"Fuck her my Prince. Give her your seed." Anna's cooing made me slam my hips with more intensity like I was riding a horse. 

I could hear moans and groans coming from the woman while my hips ponded with ever greater speed. Anna was lying on her back, as I turned the woman on her hands and feet. Anna scooted below her and gently placed her hands over her shoulders and her feet over her butt, as the woman in her demented frenzied state slowly lowered her protruding belly to lie on top of Anna's. 

I slapped her ass, slammed my hips and started to grunt I wanted to destroy this woman with my member I wanted to conquer her pussy make her drool whenever she sees, thinks or smells me around. 

Digging my nails into the cheeks of her ass I came. I kept cumming with each passing second while my eyes rolled in the back of my head. I leaned back releasing rope after rope of cum deep into her belly. 

I was not done. Still my cock looked up high. I was lust crazed, insatiate man, mind on his balls, as I stood up and picked Anna by her hair. She screamed. I hugged her with lust in my eyes. She was no longer my girl. A precious woman that I meant no harm to. She was now my toy to do as I please. Her eyes were staring at me, I kissed her with my tongue licking ever drop of her drool, spit and saliva mixed in, I did not care, I could not care. Grabbing her breasts she winced as I was probably hurting her, turning her around my cock was now kissing her entrance for 4th time in the past 5 hours. I slid with one thrust to the back of her pussy. 

Her back shook, her legs went weak almost immediately. She was now a bubbling woman that screamed with her mouth open as I started to finally scratching that itch that I felt on top of my dick. MY release was far from close but she kept cumming and squirting all over the tiny sand particles. 

We kept rutting, we kept fucking until we both passed out, our minds blown from all of the lust that we experienced in the past day. This beach made us experience lovemaking, made us enjoy the pure sexual energies that we often buried deep within us, I was still worried how Anna was going to react to my violent act of love. I woke up for the second time that day, Anna's arms and legs were all around me, as she was silently sleeping beside me, slow puffs of breath were escaping her mouth while I realized that I just lied there and watched her sleeping and breathing. 

Content. 

Proud. 

Slowly stretching my arms, and as sun was high on the sky making the warm sand beneath my feet as I walked towards the forest edge dragging the Pod where I placed Anna and the lady I found sleeping beside the Pod. Both women were still sleeping soundly, tired from our erotic escapades, movements of the Pods were not enough to jiggle them awake whenever I would hit a bump on surface of the sand. 

Safe from outside elements, including the warm sun, I left the Pod beneath a big tree and used some foliage as a cover from the random animals that could walk towards the sea shore. I started to walk back to the camp where I found that woman, and started to observe that the surrounding area was not as covered as I previously hoped. I thought it could provide us some cover from the elements like rain showers or gusts of wind, but random thunderstorms would or even tropical storms would leave us exposed. 

Walking back I could see animals still in their act of rutting. Now, unlike yesterday, there were more animals going about it here and there. Primates on branches kept staring at me as I neared where I left our Pod with girls in it, I wanted to prepare breakfast or in this case early lunch so girls could eat and get back their energy. 

Our guns were still functional as were our Data pads. As I wanted to start to send a signal, I came to a crucial 2 questions; what and to where. I could attract unnecessary attention to our position. We could be eradicated as we just sit here with our backs against the wall, unable to react to anything that would come across that sky, friend or foe, whoever might be picking up our signal I decided against my better judgment and started sending the signal across all Gal Federation frequencies that I had in my Data Pad available. 

Closing my Pad and setting it down on my suit I started to walk back towards the forest. Hunting was my goal. Soon I was standing on top of 2 kills that I brought down in minutes after entering the area, game was plentiful, deer like animals with unusually patterned horns were soon bled, gutted and on my back. Soon fire was started and bits and pieces of meat was cooking over the fire. Something was soothing me when the fire was burning, primal and necessary to survival. 

"Something smells good..."Anna woke with a purr. 

"Morning sleepy head. How are you feeling?" I asked. 

Stretching her arms and legs she said with a grin, "Fucking amazing, I needed that for some reason." 

"That was something I was not aware I was capable of doing." I started to search for some sort of an apology from her, but I soon realized that none was needed. 

"I had a painful past but as you have showed me countless times during our love making, you will never try anything to me that might induce pain, or hurt me emotionally. I love that about you, besides, all of the lust that I feel when we do those things, I feel incredibly safe when I'm have you around." 

She started to rise and as naked as the day she was born soon came close to me and gave me a long passionate kiss. "I see that this little fella loves what I'm doing." She cooed while giving my balls a gentle nudge with her leg. 

"Damn we just finished doing many rounds of having incredible sex and I think I'm ready for more pretty soon." 

I saw the woman slowly turn in Pod to a better sleeping position, "What about her? I found her like that scared out of her mind, do you think having sex like that was good for her, or us?" 

"I do not know about her, but I always wanted to enjoy a threesome. I guess wish granted." She gave me a kiss, "Thank you baby." 

I stared wide eyed. I've never called her baby avoiding to hurt her emotionally. She winked as she let me go giving my cock another little nudge with her little perky ass. Moving to where I lit the fire pit, cooking meat that I cleaned all of the bone and blood, smell was intoxicating. My stomach reminding me that it's hungry by the way of contorting and screaming. I patted my belly and sat near the fire, slowly flipping the meat, looking at the juices dripping on top of the hot wood. I had no time to make a spit where I could properly hang the meat to cook it properly, so I just threw it on top of the fire while it gently roasted. 

"I sent the signal on all of the frequencies that I had on my Data Pad, maybe you could later check yours as well so we know we have them all covered." 

As I said that Anna smiled and pointed with her head towards the Pod. Woman was already waken up looking at the meat roasting, with mouth drooling from the smell, I could tell that she had not eaten meat in the past. Slowly she approached where we sat, as an animal that feared our reaction, one of her hands on top of her belly; as I watched this happening she drew nearer and nearer by each passing second. Fear was evident in her eyes. But she proceeded in coming forth. Slowly, the hand that was free landed on top of my lap and started to fondle with my exposed cock and balls. 

"You... give... food." Finally she said something leaving both me and Anna with gentle smiles. 

Up and down slowly she moved her hands, I saw that this was paining her but her other hand never left her belly. I raised my hand and she winced. I saw in her eyes that she was now afraid. My right hand was caressing her cheek, while my left stopped the rocking motion of her hand. 

"You will eat with us when the meat is done. You do not have to do anything for eating meat. Just take care of your baby. And yourself." As I said that I took another clump of fur out of her cheeks and finally saw her ears beneath apparently cut at various places. 

"Sit here." I stood and offered her my seat. 

I walked to the Pod and beneath the seat found a med kit. Slowly scanning her, "Apparently she's suffering from stress and shock. I see the kit recommends rest and relaxation." 

Anna nodded. We let the woman sit on my spot while I turned the meat to its un-cooked side, the woman still looking intently at the process mouth still full of saliva. It was really funny, not where you would laugh at a person's pain and misery, but funny in a way where your heart warms and melts. This woman has suffered so much, alone for Gods know how long here with her thoughts and fears, not knowing what will the next day bring. She was a survivor, a warrior that did not yield to her own fate. In part giving me a show of what it means to be a person that endures. 

Data Pad also said that she had similarities to cats, but very little. She was still a humanoid with thoughts, animalistic or otherwise I did not know while I gazed into her eyes. 

After her fondling, my cock remained in the upright position. She was glancing at my crotch then at the meat. I could see her wanting to say something but either she was unable to find words or unwilling to give us her thoughts. 

"Why? You... not want... me? I...I offer my body for food. You have sex... again for food." With pleading eyes she started to look at me while silent, broken words escaped her lips. 

My eyes never left hers, "I slept with you because I wanted you, not because I expected that again for my help or services that I may offer. If you do not want to have sex then we won't have it, you will still eat food, regardless of what you choose to do." 

Anna's smile was burning bright. She took the woman's hand with her own and gently caressed it as if reassuring a crying child. She started to talk more coherently with each passing second. 

"It was good. Never felt that way with a male. My mate died after we conceived a child, and I had an accident landing here." 

I smiled but suddenly with open eyes looked her in the eyes, "You have a ship here? I mean space ship to go up there to stars?" I was talking fast trying to explain what I thought she might think I wanted from her. 

"Yes it's further inside the jungle but I would need some parts to fix it properly." She said pointing her hand toward the area where she left her ship. 

"After the meal would you mind taking us there so we could see it for ourselves. Maybe we could fix it." Anna was slowly in the mood for talking to her. 

"I want to have sex, now." She jumped on top of my cock without warning as I gazed at this deranged woman slowly bucking her hips and eventually brought herself to climax. 

Anna was behind stroking her back slowly as she caught the woman in her deranged state. Smell of sex was emanating from her, making me and even Anna pretty horny. She started to stop as the end of her climax was approaching, Anna kissed her softly on the lips making my dick jolt inside her, and the jolt from my member started a series of shivers from the woman's body that I was unprepared for, feeling good I too wanted release. I got it pretty soon as her nipple slowly started to come into my mouth. The pure taste of her fur, skin and whatever juices were on it made me grunt and send spurts after spurts of cum inside her pussy. 

I hugged this lost woman, both of us, Anna and me were slowly caressing, cooing and making her feel as comfortable as we possibly could, she started to moan while coming down from her climax. Ending her delicious little attack. She hugged me, her high was slowly waking her mind up, not knowing what we might do she started to suddenly show teeth. She was waking up from her deranged state, not knowing what she did, growling I've heard only from cats in distress. She bit my shoulder hard. Not intending to let go for anything. 

Or anyone for that matter. 

Anna did not know what to do, just staring at this exchange with fear, not knowing what would happen next. "Shhh. Everything will be ok. We did not force you to do this. You will eat. You are safe. Nobody will hurt you or your baby." 

As I said those last words her grip slowly started to wane, her eyes found new focus. She was scared. Slowly she found peace, purrs from her throat were louder by each passing second. I caressed her back while she still had her teeth and mouth on my shoulder. Her sudden tears scared me and Anna started to wipe them with her hand not forcing her to release me. 
