 Chapter 1 – Captured

Being hogtied, blindfolded, and gagged was nothing new to Galena. After several years being the servant of a princess can train even the toughest elf to obey their whims. The only difference now was that she was naked, hogtied, blindfolded, gagged, collared and chained to the floor with about half foot of chain. Oh and lets not forget the most important detail about this predicament, she was in an orc bandits hideout.

Several days ago, Princess Ann Willington and she, were on their way to the Northern provinces when her carriage was waylaid by a large band of Orcish bandits. They drove off the spineless guards, took the Royal Ann and her servant Galena hostage. Both were forcibly stripped and made to walk several miles to the bandit's camp. Galena suffered in silence as any good elf servant should, but her mistress protested continuously and loudly. 

At the camp the two were separated. She was taken into the backroom of one of the bandits cabins and placed into the predicament she is in now. How her mistress faired she had no clue. Once a day she was freed to stretch, eat, and bathe in the small backroom. Then it was back to the stringed restraints. It was a good thing that she was small breasted, lying on her chest for so long might have been more uncomfortable if they had been the size of her mistress's melons. 

Galena smiled at the thought of her mistress's breasts. They were suck-able and kneed-able, not that she had ever been allowed to touch them or suck them. Ann would never let a lowly servant elf play with her like that. Human's can be so stuck up at times. 

Her fleeting gag smile faded as the boredom began to sink in again. The very first day she had been left alone in the darkness she had tried to free herself from her bondage but was unsuccessful. Little had she known that someone had been watching her very closely that first day. Galena's butt still smarted from the paddling she had received. The first swat had nearly made her blackout from the pain that shot through her backside. Following that her butt became a torrent of pain and agony. She screamed and screamed into her gag. Muffled cries of despair were all but ignored and laughed at. After twenty or so swats they ended. Tears drifted from under her blindfold, her body sobbed in her bondage. No one spoke, but she got the message. From that point on she lay perfectly still. She did not want a repeat of that.

She was awoken out of her self-induced trance by muffled voices in the room beyond her little prison. There was shouting, a door slammed, and then there was silence. Nothing was heard for several minutes. The door to her backroom was opened and the smell of an unwashed orc came drifting in to her sensitive elfish nose. Chain and lock clanked to the floor as her collar was released from the floor. Large meaty hands grabbed her by the feet and collar, forcing her to choke as she was carried still bound hogtied into the next room. 

Galena struggled for a breath. Her weak struggling movements of distress only served to prevent more and more air from reaching her lungs. The collar pressed deeply into her throat and caused her to cry and weep. She knew in her heart she was on her way to a stew pot to be eaten. Panic welled up. Arms and legs continued to fight the restrictive bondage holding her captive. Blackness seeped into the corners of her eyes as she fought for breath. Time seemed to stand still.

With a heavy thud she was deposited on the floor in the next room. She sucked air past the gag to aid her strained lungs. The blackness faded and the pounding in her ears subsided enough for her to hear the brutish orc leave. The scent of the room came rushing into overly aware senses telling her that she was still not alone. A low burning charcoal fire saturated the air covering most scents, but two definite human smells came through loud and clear. One was musky and defiantly male, pacing up and down the other side of the room. The other was defiantly female and very familiar. The Princess was faintly sobbing on the other side of the room. 

For now her panic was subdued like her. A curiosity and a need to know had replaced it. 

The male human's pacing continued for several minutes before the he must have come to a decision. At that point he walked over to where she lay. 

Galena's blindfold was removed and light burned into her tear dried eyes, causing new tears to form in the corner of them. After a few minutes a brown haired, light-blue eyed human came into focus. He was handsome and had an air of authority about him. His gaze swept over her with an eye of an appraiser. It lingered a little over her backside, which made her blush for some reason. His hands moved over her bondage inspecting every aspect of its effectiveness. One of his fingers made a swift intrusion onto her pussy folds, which caused her to jump and squeal into her gag. 

Without warning or wanting it too, her pussy became instantly wet with expectancy. She blushed an even brighter red. Her heart raced a little faster and she closed her eyes fighting the growing desire between her legs. She felt betrayed by her body, but knew there was very little she could do to fight it. Long ago in her village she had found out that bondage could deepen sexual desire in women, even when they did want it to. Now it was being used on her and it felt wonderful; scary, but intoxicating and wonderful. 

Normally most elvish woman would brace themselves for the upcoming intrusion into their pussy by their assailant, but it was not needed. Galena on the other hand was protected by a very ancient spell that prevented helpless women from being ravished sexually. In fact it prevented a lover's intrusion as well as any human made chastity belt could. The spell was both a blessing and a curse that had prevented many of her lover's from attaining her inner love or virginity. 

Struggling would be useless so she accepted the inevitability.

When nothing happened, she opened her eyes. The human was watching her. A very large knowing smile was plain on his face. Another involuntary blush engulfed her whole body. In the back of her mind something nagged at her about what had just happened. 

He turned from her and walked over to the other bound body in the room, Princess Ann. She too was bound naked in a hogtie, blindfolded, and gagged. Her blindfold was removed and she too was inspected like Galena had just been put through. From the loud gagged squealing and swearing, Ann was fighting the unwanted attention. A very loud squeal erupted from her when he fingered her. Ann's gentile sob became a torrent of swears and screams. No longer was she the facade of a scared and helpless woman. If she was let lose, all hell would break loose. Ann was mad and she was now showing her true colors. 

The human stood back and watched the show. When the princess had calmed down, he spoke for the first time.

"Princess Ann your dad has at last made his decision", the male voice began. "He has refused to pay your ransom".

A squeal of rage could be heard from the other side of the room.

"In his word's, "I would never pay for the return of a lowly female and her slave no matter how low the ransom is. I officially decline to pay 10,000 gold. You will just have to kill them."

Ann screamed so loud that the gag had little effect. She jerked side to side in her bondage trying to get free. Genuine tears started to form in the princesses eyes. The rage and despair could be seen etched into the lines of her body.  

"For a while I was upset. I had fully intended to allow the orcs outside to eat both of you, but I began to look at the bright side", the human said with a smile. "I realized that I had two of the most beautiful women in the country in my possession...Two that could be made my slaves...Two that could bear children."

He let his words sink in. 

A look of disbelief crossed Ann's face. Her head rocked back and forth in a no gesture. A groan of despair escaped from behind her gag. Galena didn't like the sounds of this either but knew she could not fight the inevitable. Slavery and sex sounded better than being eaten by orcs that was for sure. 

The human walked over to the fire place and removed a slave brand from the coals of the fire. It glowed orange with the heat of the fire. He turned and walk to Ann first. The princess desperately tried to move. Their new Master straddled her, effectively pinning her to the floor. The hiss of the brand on flesh made Galena crawl. Ann's ensuing muffled scream could be felt all the way to the bone. An angry red slave symbol on her right butt cheek could be seen as the human remove himself from his new slave. A few minuets later the same process was applied to her with a fresh hot brand. She had not fought him, but lay motionless. The heat of the brand caused her too to scream, uncontrollably. When done, she too had an angry slave mark on her ass. They both wept. 

The human began his list of rules for us, "One, You will address me as Master or as Master Keith from now on. Two, you do as you are told without argument. Three, you will wear no clothing unless it is given to you by me. Four, you will bath every day. Five, you will not leave the village without an escort. Six, this is the most important of them all, my word is law."

Galena listened to the rules intently. Again somewhere in the back of her mind a little nagging voice crept in telling her that something important had been said. The name Keith kept going over and over in her mind. 

"Do you understand these rules or do I need to repeat them?"

Slave Ann refused to acknowledge him and received a quick smack on the butt. She nodded her head. Slave Galena quickly nodded that she understood. 

Master Keith then undid their hogties, but left their hands bound behind their backs. When they were placed in kneeling positions, the gags were removed and dropped on the only couch that decorated the Masters cabin. He sat down on the couch and pulled his pants down to his knees. It was obvious what was to come next. 

"Come please your new Master", he commanded.

Slave Galena started to knee walk to her master. 

Slave Ann stayed where she was a disgusted look on her face. 

The Master's penis lay semi soft in his lap awaiting attention. Galena not wanting for punishment took it into her mouth and began to massage it with tongue and cheek. It began swell in her mouth. A taste of what was to come came to the tip of his penis. Her Masters hand came to rest gently on the back of her head. The hand didn't push, but rode her heads movement up and down. She gave a sideways glance at Ann, she was still kneeling in the same place but had her head down not watching. 

Master's penis grew enormous and long. She gagged a couple of times but continued to suck, and lick, suck and lick. For how long she preformed her duty she could say. A groan escaped her masters lips and she knew that her pussy had become instantly wet, if not dripping with feminine lubricant. She felt it throb and tense within her mouth and knew that he would cum in her mouth soon. 

"Ohhhh Petal!!" her Master groaned. 

At the name of Petal, Galena almost lost her concentration and almost forgot to swallow her Masters cum, as it pumped into her mouth. Images of long past came flooding into her mind. While his penis continued to thrust and pump into her mouth she calmly sorted out the past images. She knew what had been nagging her. Her Master was someone that she had known. He had grown up in her village and they had played together. In fact they had played sexual games like this when he had gotten old enough to experiment. He had liked to tie her up and torment her. She had wished at the time he would just fuck her silly, but as a rule back then, they had both stayed with licking and sucking. If fact before she had ever sucked him off, he had coned her into thinking that a cow's tit was like a man's penis. Foolishly she had tried to suck on one. It spooked the cow and it ran her over trying to get away. Keith had laughed for a month. All these memories resurfaced and settle back into a long dormant forgotten space in her mind. Now there was confusion.

Reality came flooding back. She quickly cleaned his penis of her saliva and cum. Her large green eyes looked up to see if he was pleased. As their eyes made contact she new for certain that he was that young boy, and that he well pleased.

"Well done slave. A little too much teeth, but acceptable and pleasurable", he removed his hand from her head and motioned for her to stand. "Next time less teeth, or I will punish you."

She stood and waited for what was to come next. 

"Slave Ann come here and suck your Masters cock." 

Ann didn't look up. She refused to even acknowledge him. 

"Very well slave you will be punished", he said. "Slave Galena do you think your former mistress will obey any of my orders, or will she continue to be like this".

Galena thought for a second before she answered, "No master she will never allow herself to be a slave or to be used by you. Princess...I mean Slave Ann is a brutish stuck up noble woman that believes other people are her play things. For years I have watched her build up people and then destroy them, just because she likes the feeling of someone else's misery. She will not bend to anyone's authority, not even yours."

"Elvish slut!!!" Ann yelled. "Fucking whore!!! I will kill you, you stupid cow!!!"

Master cut her off with a simple gesture. With a gag in his hand, "You will remain silent or I will replace this."

Ann opened her mouth to say something but wisely closed it. She continued to glare daggers at the both of them.

"Thank you for your insight on my new slave, Slave Galena. For that you will be rewarded. Bend down and open your mouth."

She obeyed and her gag was replaced. For a reward this didn't seem like a good beginning, but as she straightened up she found that the Masters hand had slid between her legs. Light gentle fingers started to rub and stroked her clit. Her knees almost gave out, but her Master gently guided her to his lap. Legs spread apart and straddling him, she was defenseless and vulnerable against this finger attack on her clit. A barely audible moan of pleasure escaped her gag. Long fingers slipped lower onto the lips of her pussy. Teasing and stimulating until she felt a surge of frustration rock her body. She locked eyes with her Master and pleaded silently for relief. If she had not been gagged she would have been screaming at him to fuck her. Again another wave of frustration washed over her. Slave Galena tried several times to force the fingers deeper into her pussy, but with no success. 

The Master leaned her close and spoke those words she was dying to hear, "Fuck your Master slave."

For a moment she did know what to do. Her virginity seal would surely prevent his penis from entering her. The magic seal had been placed upon her just before she left for the human realms by her father to prevent something like this.

She gave an exasperated whine and shook her head no.

"It is ok my little slave girl," he tenderly cooed. "You can do it."

Oh how she wanted his dick inside her. Again she shook her head no.

"You are now mine. Nothing can prevent you from pleasing your Master. Don't be afraid," he quietly whispered into her pointed right ear.

Could it be true? Was it that simple? She was a slave. One who belongs to another? Would that be enough to bypass the seal? 

With a little bit of maneuvering and great eagerness, she impaled herself on his rock hard penis. At first her new Master's penis could not slide in and she began to wonder if the seal was in fact, still intact. Then her Master began to slowly thrust into her inch, by precious inch. A grunt of pain was slowly replaced by moans of pleasure as she began to get used to the stretching of womanhood. Then with one final sharp pain, her master was buried deep inside her. She sobbed a little, as the pain subsided and she started to enjoy his thrusting motions. There was still a seal alright, but it was nothing magical, just what nature had given her. And with that sharp pain, that seal was forever broken and she was no longer a virgin. Locked away from her society she and had seen little interest from human males, and thought that she would never feel the penetrating bite of any man. Now she had it she wanted more. She felt his hand around her ass, pushing and pulling her deeper and deeper onto his penis. Tight virgin walls stretched and grabbed onto his stabbing manhood. Galena had no control, was helpless, and completely at her Master's wishes. A hand smacked her ass hard and she cried out. All common senses gone, she road her Master harder. In and out, the pounding of desire and need continued at a gallop. A rushing flood threatened to engulf her.

She cried out a muffled cry, as she came, "Master!!!!!!!"

Galena collapsed against her Master breathing hard. A warm glow engulfed her whole body and she shuddered. She felt warm and secure. Nothing else mattered. This, is where she belonged. Owned. Mastered. A slave. 

Master Keith removed the now limp slave and laid her gently on the couch. His hand removed a stray blonde hair from her face. For an instant his face changed to concern as he noticed the small trickle of blood coming from his new slave's pussy, but quickly changed to delight. Lost were the thoughts of punishing her for not letting her Master cum.

He leaned over her and spoke softly, "I told you my Petal, that you would be mine one day."

She gave her Master a nod and continued to shudder as wave after wave of pleasure hit her. 

Keith pulled his pants up and walked over to the disobedient Ann. He raised his hand to strike her and she flinched. No blow was forth coming. His arm retreated to his side and it remained there. 

"No, no beating will change your attitude", he said grumpily. "I am afraid that more drastic measures must be used."

Walking past Slave Ann he went to the front door, where he summed an unusually small orc by the name of Duf Arr. Instructions were given and several minutes later the orc returned with a tall ornate jade box. Duf Arr placed the box in the center of the room and stood back out of the way. 

"Long ago a mighty king", Master Keith started, "Commissioned a wizard to create for him a way to discipline and control his harem. This box is the fruit of that wizard's labor. Its magic is powerful and great. Any slave that is placed within comes out an obedient one."

A look of understanding crossed Slave Ann's face. She jumped to her feet and ran for the door. Better to be eaten by the orc outside then to be put into that thing. Unfortunately she did not get very far. The Masters swift hand grabbed her by the neck and stopped her. 

"Please. I'll obey. Don't do this to me!! I'm a Princess!!! Please", Slave Ann pleaded. 

The master opened the lid to the box and an indentation of a body could be seen lining the inside. With a little trouble he removed the last of Slave Ann's bondage. Her throat in her Master's hand she was forced into the indentation. Jade binders encircled her wrists and ankles. Lastly a jade collar closed around her neck. She was now helpless in the box. A crackling of energy wafted across the room raising the hairs on everyone's neck.

Slave Ann screamed. She pleaded. She struggled to get loose. At the last she broke into tears and sobbed. 

The Master didn't except any of it. He lifted her chin till her eyes were looking at him. "I do not believe you slave. Not once have you called me Master or acknowledged that you are now my slave. Oh, you might serve me, but I would constantly have to be watching for a knife in my back. No, this is the best thing for you."

Slave Ann spit in his face. 
