 "So do we have a deal?" the mysterious woman asked, leaning over the table to gage Galvyn's reaction, and also revealing and endless expanse of cleavage. Galvyn had no idea how such a busty woman was able to keep her mountainous breasts from spilling out of her very low-cut dress. He thought it might be magic, but as one of her ruby red nipples began to peek out of her bodice Galvyn just figured her tits were especially firm despite their size. They were incredible tits, probably some of the best he had ever seen. Like two giant melons just begging to be juiced, or big warm pillows he could sleep on. Her skin was so smooth and clean he could almost see his reflection in it, and she had none of the freckles or veins that women usually had with breasts the size of flour-sacks. 

 Galvyn blatantly gaped at the woman's cleavage with obvious intent, as he also gaped at the bag of gold she had placed on the table. Fifty crowns. Most jobs Galvyn took only paid twenty or thirty silver, and one gold crown was worth a hundred silver. There was enough money in that purse to buy a townhouse and retire on. 

 Galvyn gaped at her cleavage, then the gold. Then he cleavage again. Then the gold. The cleavage. The gold. The cleavage. The gold. The cleavage. The gold. Her nipple peeking over. The gold. 

 "What's the catch?" Galvyn asked, resisting every instinct and desire to just scream "YES!" at the top of his lungs. He would have, had he been a bit younger, but Galvyn had just turned 30 years old, and for thieves, 30 years was ancient. By that time they hit 30, most thieves were either dead or comfortably retired, but Galvyn was neither. Lady Luck kept him alive, but also poor. 

 The woman leaned back and coyly bit her lip, smiling just enough to seem condescending, but also confident. She discreetly tugged up her bodice and hid her nipple away, but not so far that Galvyn didn't expect to see it again. She sipped her wine and licked the rim of her glass with a long, lewd tongue. She really was one of the most purely erotic creatures Galvyn had ever come across. Tall, toned, long-legged, buxom to the extreme, fiery red hair, incandescent green eyes, plump lips, and buttocks as big and hard as a mare's. She could have stood in as a stature of Luxuria, the Goddess of Lust, at the Temple of Passion, and no one would have questioned it. She made nymphs look like gawky teenagers. 

 "No catch," the woman said, her voice hot and sweet. "But it will be dangerous. The Ruins of Irah Atam have been abandoned for centuries, but some of its traps might remain active. The cult that built it was known for being particularly crafty."

 "Not to mention the orcs," Galvyn grunted. 

 "Mmmm. The orcs," the woman chuckled, as if she were just talking about a herd of troublesome swine and not a barbaric band of brutal brutes. "The 'Head Banger-Boyz' as they call themselves, lead by the black-orc Crunk the Elf-Skewer. Yes. They've been squatting in the ruins for the last year and using it as their base. They shouldn't be any problem if you can sneak past them though."

 Galvyn was not so cavalier about the issue of orcs. "Do you know why the call Crunk the 'Elf-Skewer?'"

 "No. I assume because he skewered and elf."

 "He did . . . on his penis."

 "Oh." 

 "Crunk's cock is supposed to be three feet long, and as thick as a fence-post."

 "Oh."

 "And the elf he skewered on it was only about four-feet tall."

 "Oh."

 "And a boy."

 "Oh!" The woman chuckled curtly. "Well . . . if the job was easy I wouldn't be willing to pay so handsomely for it. The orcs are the main issue, really. I only offered the first two adventurers I sent after the relic twenty-five crowns, but the orcs caught them, raped them, and sold them into slavery. Poor girls. They were sisters I think . . . or lovers . . . or mother and daughter . . . I forget. I have trouble remembering losers. After that I had to raise the price to forty crowns, and the only taker was a half-ogre who was as big as a house. Crunk apparently killed him though, and so now I'm offering fifty. Considering your reputation for being such a particularly stealthy fellow, Galvyn the Sparrow, I believe you would be perfect."

 Galvyn rubbed his palms and considered it. He was stealthy, that was true, and he was decent in a swordfight, but stealth was his game. As a child he had stolen nuts from squirrels. As a young man he had stolen maidens out of their husbands' beds, and plucked their cherries from virgin brides before their betrothed could. He had once stolen a loose tooth from the mouth of a sleeping dragon, and the hat off a wizard. Galvyn was a good thief. There was no arguing that. But 30 was very old for a thief, and Lady Luck had a funny habit of shoving her fist elbow-deep up his ass at all the most inopportune times. Galvyn had just gotten out of a three week stint in a Hedonian prison for stealing a countess's diamond-encrusted dildo. He had been sentenced to three months, not three weeks, but he got the time reduced when the countess in question started paying him conjugal visits. It seemed she liked his big warm cock to her cold golden dildo, and was willing to vouch for him after three weeks away from her husband, who was now after Galvyn's head. Lucky but not lucky. That was Galvyn's life

 "Seventy-five," he said.

 "I'm sorry?"

 "Seventy-five crowns. And as a bonus, if I get back in one piece, I get to shove my dick between those fat tits of yours until I nut. I want to see my milk plaster that pretty face of yours."

 The woman snarled, her erotic lips curling over her perfect white teeth in beautiful disdain. For a moment she dropped her facade and revealed to Galvyn just how superior she felt about herself, and how disdainful she was of Galvyn. He didn't really blame her though. This woman had the body of a fertility-goddess and the swagger of a slutty succubus. Even when he closed his eyes, Galvyn could smell the sex oozing off of her skin. She was perfect. He was not. She was a sexual queen. He was shit. Also, from the way she had been looking at their waitress all night, Galvyn guessed she was a lesbian. 

 "I . . . you . . . I," the woman stammered. "My . . . you are a cocky fellow."

 "Yeah. A cocky fellow who wants to get his cock in those huge tits."

 She snarled, but softened. "Sixty crowns, and I'll give you any OTHER woman in this tavern."

 "How?"

 "Trust me."

 Galvyn considered it. "Deal."

 The woman opened the purse and added another ten crowns to it, each bearing the lovely face of Queen Nymphoria.

 "Which woman do you want? It could be any of them. Trust me. Whoever it is -- old, young, married, single -- I can make any of them fuck you."

 Galvyn looked around. The tavern was crowded with pussy that night, and of all varieties. Tomboy adventures wearing their brother's armor, the kind of athletic young girls with super tight assholes. Wealthy noble girls 'slumming' it with the locals, the kind who would fall in love with the first stud confident enough to really fuck them hard. Buxom she-orcs. Petite halflings. Slender elves. Then Galvyn saw her.

 Blonde, blue-eyed, slender, aristocratic face, puffy pink lips, perky little tits, cute butt, skimpy white dress, and she couldn't have been a day over 19. She carried a long blue staff topped by a large quartz-like crystal. She was sitting with some friends, other rich girls slumming it for the night, but she did not seem to be enjoying herself. She sneered around at everything like it was made of dogshit, and she refused to even sip her drink.

 "Her," Galvyn said.

 The woman smirked. "The little mage? You have good taste. I was eyeing her for myself."

 With sensuous grace, the woman rose up from the table, thrusting her tits out so far they almost pulverized Galvyn's face. She strutted across the room, swaggering her big ass with such hauteur that it almost made Galvyn sick with lust. The woman drew a lot of looks, but not from the little blonde mage who was busy sulking. The woman glided by her, touching the blonde mage with just the tip of her finger, slowly dragging it over the girl's skin. 

 Something in the girl's posture changed. She bolted up, as if stung by a bee, and she instantly began to breathe more heavily, blush, and sweat. 

 "Sylvanii, are you alright?" asked one of her rich-girl friends.

 "I . . . I'm fine. I need to go. I'll catch up with you girls later."

 Sylvanii stood up from her table, as if she was in a trance, and she followed the mysterious woman up a flight of stairs. The woman turned back as Sylvanii caught up to her, grabbed the young maiden's ass, and kissed her. Sylvanii melted like butter in a dragon's mouth, and her slender legs began to shake. 

 The woman broke the kiss, pointed at Galvyn, and beckoned him. She mouthed the words "Come and get it, stud," and Galvyn did.

 #

 By the time Galvyn came into his client's room, Sylvanii was already half-naked and writhing on the bed, moaning erotically as if in sexual pain. The blonde beauty was practically tearing at her expensive white dress, unleashing her tiny pink nipples, and her hand was tangled in her panties as she despertaly began to masterbate. She was crying and biting the pillow, so horny that it hurt.

 "Thirty now, thirty when you get back with the relic," the woman said as she finished weaving her spell over Sylvanii. "You can have the pussy now, though. This spell of mine is making her body so aroused that it is actually causing her pain. She'll do anything to relieve the pain. Anything. You can fuck this slut however you want, even violently. Bite her, slap her, spit on her, piss on her, cum in her eyes . . . whatever, she'll love it. She's so horny right now that she'd probably fuck a pig just to get off. I'm sure you'll be adequate." 

 "Thanks," Galvyn said, tugging down his pants and unleashing his raging erection. It had been getting cramped in his tight clothes, but Galvyn sighed in relief as his hard nine-inches shot out. "Sure you don't want to stay and make it a threesome?"

 The woman looked at Galvyn with a mixture of amusement and disgust. She briefly considered it, but mostly to get a taste of Sylvanii's pretty pink pussy. "No. No offense, but you disgust me."

 "Fine by me," Galvyn said, going to the side of the bed and hanging his big cock over Sylvanii's tear-filled eyes. The young woman gasped when she saw it, like a lost pilgrim finding God, and when Galvyn began pushing the tip against her mouth she didn't resist. She moaned sweetly when she tasted his salty musk on her tongue. At that moment Sylvanii was convinced that sweaty cock was the most delicious thing in the world. 

 Galvyn began to thrust, driving his cock into the girl's throat, face-fucking her until his balls slapped against her eyes. It felt good. Her throat was tight, her mouth was wet, but she was clearly inexperienced. She choked and wiggled, but didn't bite or spit. She took it like a good little girl. Her enthusiasm was admirable, and her tongue spun wet spirals all over his shaft, licking up every salty drop of his musk. She made little 'nom-nom' sounds like a baby sucking on a bottle, and choked on his cock so deep she began to gag. 

 "Wow. You REALLY hypnotized this girl," Galvyn admired as he began to roughly play with Sylvanii's little tits. "I've never had a slut suck my cock as lovingly as this."

 The woman laughed. "No. Not hypnosis. Hypnosis overrules the will of the subject. I just stoked the lust she naturally had inside her, and built the fire until it consumed her mind. All of this slutiness already existed in her. She's probably just too much of a bitch to let it out. Fucking prude. The sex she's denied herself since puberty is all boiling over now. Her pretty little body probably can't handle it."

 The woman began to leave, but she dropped a purse with thirty gold crowns on the table. "The relic, Galvyn. You'll know it when you find it. A pink orb that radiates with its own light. It'll be warm, and even pleasant to smell, but don't touch it. Put it in a thick leather bag and bring it back to me. Do this, and not only will I pay you your gold, but I'll give you any woman in this city you want."

 "Deal," Galvyn the Sparrow grunted, pulling his slobbering wet penis out of Sylvanii's throat. 

 The poor girl was already silly and half-unconscious from lack of oxygen, but her body kept humping the air mindlessly. Her pussy was so wet it looked as though she were peeing herself. Galvyn flipped her over and pushed his cock against her peach pink pussy. It practically squirted on him as he pushed into her tight little sex-pocket, like he was fucking a tiny piece of fruit. 

 "OH SHIT! FUCK! DADDY!" Sylvanii cried as Galvin's cockhead met her hyman, and broke it, and she began to suffer her first true orgasm, which left her body spasming and shaking and gushing wildly. 

 She was a virgin. 

 Well . . . she WAS a virgin.

 #

 Galvyn figured the mysterious woman's spell must have worn off on Sylvanii about an hour after midnight, just when he was pushing his thick cock into her virgin anus, but by then it was far too late for her. The mattress was soaked with cum, most of it hers, and Sylvanii's slender legs were shaking so much she couldn't stand on her own. She screamed and moaned in rage, but to anyone who might be listening it sounded no different than when she had been screaming and moaning in pleasure. Her orgasms struck her body like thunderbolts, leaving her weak and pliable to Galvyn's strong, dominating hands.

 Once she had tried to get away, stumbling for the door, her anus so dilated that an apple could have fallen out of it, and Galvyn amused her for a little while. The moment her hand touched the doorknob though, Galvyn leapt up, grabbed her hair, spun her around, threw her over the edge of the table, and rammed his cock ball's-deep into her hot pussy again. He fucked her hard, this time so hard that the table broke. Even as his body crushed her against the floor he didn't stop ramming his dick up into her stomach. Galvyn was so horny he couldn't stop for anything, even when she bit his arm and scratched his chest. 

 Despite her struggling Sylvanii climaxed again, this time popping so hard that something in her brain snapped, and left her a writhing invalid on the floor, rolling around in her own cum-puddle like a worm. Every sensation became pleasurable to her broken mind, even the scrapes on her knees from when Galvyn fucked her like a dog across the wooden floor, and the welts on her ass from when Galvyn spanked her like a naughty slut. She didn't resist any longer, and she submitted completely, so when Galvyn pulled her up to her knees by her hair and jammed his cock down her throat she didn't think to bite. Sylvanii just leaned back, opened up, and tried to resist vomiting as the well-hung rogue skull-fucked her like a worthless whore.

 Galvyn howled victoriously as he finally came for the third and last time, capping off Sylvanii's long night by pumping a load of his thick, sticky cum directly down her throat, and the beaten girl just swallowed it like a hungry slut, too exhausted to resist. He pulled out of her throat and let one last rope fly across her face, hitting her in the eye, and he cleaned up by wiping his huge dick off with her silky blonde hair. 

 Just as he was finishing up, the first rays of the sun came cascading through the window. Galvyn had started fucking the hypnotized Sylvanii at about two hours before midnight. The spell hard worn off an hour after midnight. Now, as Galvyn was wiping his dick off with her hair, it was morning. He had fucked her all night. Galvyn hadn't done that in years, but he hadn't been this horny in years either. Not only was Sylvanii a tight, sweet, fresh, utterly crushable piece of cherry-pie, but the memory of his mysterious client remained with him. Her scent was still in his nostrils. The taste of the wine they drank together was still on his tongue. Something about that woman had latched onto his soul and would not let go. It had been her memory more than Sylvanii's fuckable little ass that had really kept him going, and it was that same memory which convinced the otherwise lazy thief he should get going now, even though he hadn't gotten any sleep. 

 "Well, I better get going. The Ruins of Irah Atam are a day's ride from here, and I can make up for last night's sleep tonight if I have too."

 Galvyn reached into his new purse of thirty gold crowns, but wrestled his fingers to the bottom until he found a few tarnished coppers. He took out the paltry sum and tossed it on Sylvanii's exhausted body, one coin even sticking to her face from all the cum. 

 "What . . . why?" Sylvanii croaked, her throat so caked with semen she could barely speak. The coins he dropped on her were a paltry some, barely enough to buy a decent breakfast. A girl from such a wealthy family as Sylvanii had never even seen such worthless pennies. The smallest denomination of currency she had ever bothered with were silver coins. 

 "A whore deserves to be paid for her work," Galvyn said smugly, pulling on his shirt, and leaving Sylvanii on the floor, plastered in cum, dripping with sweat, too exhausted to even stand, just like over-fucked whore he made her. 

 The door slammed shut behind Galvyn's firm buttocks, and just before Sylvanni passed out, the ruined little rich-bitch summoned all of her cattiness and spite, and swore revenge.

 #

 Galvyn rode hard for twelve solid hours. Luckily it was the height of Summer and the days were warm and long, so even when he settled down to camp on the side of an untravelled road, Galvyn didn't need any artificial light to get comfortable, or fire to stay warm. He was dead tired, but he could still not go to sleep without rubbing out a few stubborn orgasms from his painfully erect cock. Neither time nor distance were enough to weaken the impression that his mysterious client had on him. Even with his eyes closed, he could still see her fiery hair, her heaving breasts, her succulent lips . . . he needed to masterbate again. 

 In the morning he left his horse more than a mile away from the ruins of Irah Atam, since he was pretty sure an orc could smell horsemeat from any distance less than that, and stealthily Galvyn stalked through the woods. 

 He could smell the orcs long before he saw them, and he could hear their deep grunting from plenty far off too. They were fucking something, and they were fucking it hard. The echoing sound of hard flesh smacking against soft flesh reverberated through the woods, punctuated by pained feminine squeals. 

 Galvyn finally got close enough to spy on the orcs, and he darted up an ancient tree with the deftness of a squirrel. The band wasn't as large as he had worried it would be, maybe just a half dozen or so, but each was twice his size and strong enough to rip him limb for limb like an insect. Thier green, brown, and black bodies rippled with grotesquely exaggerated muscles, their mouths were filled with jagged tusks, and between their legs hung phalluses long and thick enough to fuck a mare.

 The largest of the orcs had glistening greenish black skin, and a massive set of spiked pauldrons over his shoulders. His cock must have been longer than three feet, and as thick as Galvyn's forearm, but Glavyn couldn't see most of it, because the orc was brutally slam-fucking a poor centauride (a female centaur) within an inch of her life. He had her arms human arms pulled back and held within his massive fists, and the entirety of her deer-like torso engorged with every thrust of his organ-bursting womb-breaker. The centauride's face was quite cute and lovely, with curly brown hair hanging down to her firm breasts, but as the orc's massive cum-cannon punched the bottom of her stomach and fucked the air out of her lungs, her face went completely vacant, retarded, and slack, with her tongue hanging out and her eyes rolling back. 
