 Copyright © 2019 by Henry C. Roberts. All Rights Reserved.



Disclaimer:

This story is for Adults Only. If you are underage, exit now. Make sure to store this book where minors cannot access it. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story may portray scenes of intercourse, voyeur, outercourse, anal, lactation, and Fellatio. This comes from my mind only. This story is a humor/parody of medieval tales. Any correlation to anything already produced is accidental.

Thank you for reading and leaving a review.

Winterdown

Every village had an area of town prohibited to children. Usually, these parts were known as Elder spaces. Sure children who were not monitored snuck into these sections hoping to catch a glimpse of the unknown, but for the noble class, entering before coming of age would be impossible.

Today, Brad Stroke turned eighteen. Today, he was a man. The idea of finding out what the Elder part of Winterdown possessed thrilled him. As he walked through the gate, he held his head high and stuck out his chest. At first sight, the Elder area disappointed him. It looked like a normal shopping district.

Brad was from House Stroke. His father, Lord Stroke was the lord of Winterdown.

He walked down the dirt road between the shops. With his horse's reign in his hands, Brad led the horse with him through the district. His mind was filled with hopes of nudity and sex everywhere. However, all he saw was different men and women buying products from the various shops. Some of the women by the saloon were dressed in less clothing than normal, but it was nothing more than he hadn't seen prior. The women wore old baggy gray dresses and the men wore pants with tied shirts.

As Brad glanced to a butcher sitting in front of his shop, he noticed nothing unusual at first. Then, turning towards the butcher, again, he noticed the young woman moving on his lap. The butcher moved his large meaty hand to the front of her and grasped her impressive chest through her dress. As his hand mauled her chest, she closed her eyes and moaned moving faster on his lap. It was hard to tell with the dress covering her, but it seemed her rear was lifting off his lap.

The butcher was a higher class commoner, so his spouse was supposed to be an endowed lady. The younger girl moving on his lap seemed to be enjoying herself, but her youth and his grey hairs suggested their marriage was arranged. His large hand almost completely covered her breasts. By Brad's guess, she had to be an ample E cup. He tried not to stare, but Brad lingered by the butcher's store and watched the girl ride the butcher.

In the Kingdom, it was custom for a wife or fiancé to service her man. If he was to request any sexual act, she was to obey. If he desired her oral pleasure in the horse carriage, he wanted to feel his cock between her breasts in the Master bedroom, or he desired to enter her womanhood in an adult brewery, she was bound to obey her husband. It didn't matter where and when as long as it was in an appropriate section of town. It was the way of the land. It helped that the women of these lands desired sexual relations as much as men.

The butcher's wife seemed to be enjoying her ride more and more. She let out a moan as she lifted to adjust her dress. As the dress rose, her bare thighs and bottom resting on the butcher's lap were revealed. With her dress raised, it could be seen that the butcher's pants were around his ankles. When she rose from his lap, the thick cock was visible entering her.

The butcher's cock was inside her pussy. She continued her movement up and down which caused his member to move in her wetness. Her skin was pale, her thighs were full and thick, and her soft complication and firm skin confirmed her youth. However, to be married, she had to be Brad's age or older.

She lowered her dress and continued her ride for a few more minutes. The butcher's wife moved her long brunette hair to one side of her neck as she leaned over. She placed her hands on her knees for support as her pace increased. She didn't slow down until the butcher stopped her by grasping her hips in both his rough manly hands.

He held her on his lap while he moaned out loud. By his look and deep moan, a person could only assume he was filling her full of his seed. Glancing at the wife's young face, Brad saw a look of pleasure on her face, too.

Throughout the Kingdom in every village, it was common for the ladies to have overly developed breasts. Most common ladies had a bra size of a D to DD. However, the more endowed a lady was the high her arranged engagement. For the Lord of the lands, their wives were the bustiest around. For the King, well!

Kingtown

Queen Cercee pressed the sides of her tremendous royal breasts. As King Dick straddled her stomach, he drunkenly slid his rigid member between her 34JJ globes. His black beard was wet from the ale he drank. The King pumped his cock into her cleavage valley as sweat dripped on her long blond hair. The King was far out of shape, but his large belly didn't stop him from enjoying his wife's breasts.

The Queen was lying on her back on their expansive royal bed. Just minutes before this sexual act, the King and Queen were at the royal feast. Many Lords and Knights were in the castle to dine. After a dozen cups of ale, the King turned to his wife, during the feast, and requested her service. She didn't want to leave the royal banquet, but being his wife, she was bound by tradition to obey.

Being the Queen, Cercee had the most impressive breasts in all the land. Her global treasures were desired by men. However, the King was the only man to enjoy her vast chest. He had the happiest look on his face as he slid his ridged manhood between her breasts.

"Are you almost done? I have to return to the dinner guest," complained Queen Cercee.

"Shut up woman. I'll take as long as I want. When I'm finished with your tits, I will enjoy thy royal pussy."

. King Dick was from House Beard. His marriage was arranged with Cercee. Since Cercee's had her ample bust and her family had wealth, the two House merged through their wedding. The Queen's royal bust gained the couple entry into the distinguished gatherings. With her bust and his leadership on the battlefield, King Dick gained the throne when the prior King was executed by King Dick.

Queen Cercee knew her husband would never last long. She wished, to never let him inside her and had succeeded, so far. She only wanted her true love to be deep inside her warm, wet love tunnel. There had been only one cock she had wanted inside her.

She knew the King couldn't stop once he had his slimy thing between her cleavage for her chest was what made her Queen. She came from a healthy house, House Large. Her ancestors had always been the bustiest in the land, and at 34JJ, her breasts had proven to rule. The King chose her as his for that reason and to have her father's money. Her breasts helped him become King in the Game of Breasts.

"Oh God, I'm going to blast all over. Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck."

"Fire thy white stuff, my King. Give me the royal semen. I need it all over my chest."

"Squeeze your tits tighter, lady. Oh God Yes. Tighter! You feel too good. I can't stop," said the King with a look of a madman on his face.

The Queen pressed her breasts tighter together. Her hands look tiny as she pressed them into her immense breast flesh. Her pillows spilled over the sides of her hands. She felt her King move faster and expected any second for him to pull back and cover her two large jewels, but he didn't.

"OHHHHH My Lady take it."

"No! I still have guests. NO...What are you doing?"

With that, the King thrust forward, his long cock pushed between her breasts. His cockhead poked out of her cleavage as he leaned forward. With his pink angry cockhead exposed, he started to cum. He shot his thick blasts of man fluid over the Queen's face. He smiled hearing her squeal and object. He continued enjoying the pleasure of the orgasm and her complaints. The royal seed covered the Queen's face and long golden blond hair. A drop of the King's white fluid landed on her breast where it was easy to clean before returning to the party.

The Queen squealed, "You ass. You've ruined my makeup. How dare you cover my face! I told you, I don't allow it. Ewe, it tastes nasty. I've got some in my mouth, You ASS!!"

The King rolled over and started to fall asleep. As his head hit the pillow, he moaned his last words, "Take it...King...as I want...Don't talk me...like... wench." Then, only snoring could be heard from the highness.

The Queen called her handmaids to help her clean and fix her makeup. As the maids worked to clean her, the young ladies wiped the Queen's face and hair. The Queen turned to the maid cleaning her hair.

"You have to lick the nasty fluid from my hair. It's the only way to clean it you idiot," instructed the Queen.

The maid's eyes grew wide in shock and distaste. However, since she had devoted her life to service, she did as ordered. The young lady started to lick the whit fluid from the Queens' hair. The maid tried to not make a face, but each time she was forced to swallow the fluid, she failed. The process seemed to take forever.

The Queen smiled. She, herself, despised her husband. If it was her choice, Cercee would have nothing to do with him, but to be Queen, one makes sacrifices. Queen Cercee noticed the maids were finished cleaning her.

The maids helped dress the Queen. Cercee's gown was tight and form-fitting. Her tremendous breasts poured over the top of the low cut royal dress. She displayed an abundance of cleavage. The dress had a fitting corset which accented her hips and curvaceous rear.

"That will be all for now. I have a feast to return to," said Queen Cercee dismissing the maids.

2

The Queen walked through the corridor from the royal master bedroom to the back entrance of the kitchen. From here, it would lead to the dining hall and the guest. She noticed her dress was not flaring correctly. She paused to straighten up her dress. Bending over some, she complained to herself, 'Idiot maids'. Then, felt large hands take her by the waist and pull her rear into a man's crotch.

As she straightened, she could feel the man's hard member press into her rear. Both of his hands came around to her front and grasped her royal chest. His hands were strong and covered her breasts as he tightened his grip. His fingertips pressed into her bare cleavage truly feeling the Queen's vast treasures.

"How dare you! Don't you know, I'm the queen?"

"Yes cousin, I do. However, it's been a few days, and I missed the touch of you," replied Johnson Large the Queen's cousin. His hands keep massaging and squeezing her chest inside her dress top. Johnson stood about a head taller than his cousin. His arms wrapped around her petite frame, easily. Even his large hands seemed petite mashed into his cousin's endowed breasts.

"Oh dear, I've missed your touch, too. But, we can't, not here. What if someone sees us? If we are caught, were both dead."

Johnson didn't listen. He leaned his cousin over at the waist. Noticing she complied by placing her hands on the wall and pushing her ass out, he felt his member stiffen. The Queen kept objecting in words, only, "Johnson, No... Not now," as she remained in position for her cousin to lift her dress. He raised her dress over her full round rear. With her dress on her back, her position left her woman parts exposed and in position for sex.

When they were children, her father adopted Johnson into the family. He lived in the family's castle, and the Queen and he grew up more like siblings than cousin. As they aged, their love became known to each other. To this day, he had only lain with his cousin and thought the same of her. However, he thought wrong.

Johnson ran a hand between her legs. His finger found her warm wet entrance as his other hand untied his pants and freed his member. He positioned his pre-cum covered cockhead with the Queen's pussy. He felt her slowly relax and allow his entrance into her depths as she moaned, "Oh dear". She had always been his, and he always hers. Her cousin was the only man to finish deep inside her tight and wet love hole. He was her true love.

The Queen let out a deep moan as she felt his manhood find her wet warm pussy opening. The Queen sensed his thick tip stretch her warmth. She pushed back as he leaned forward. Cercee enjoyed his dick sinking and stretching into her depths. She had enjoyed his cock inside her for many years. Johnson increased his pace.

He continued increasing his pace as his pleasure grew. Using her wide hips as handles, he pulled her into his thrusts. Now, he fucked her with the sole purpose of cumming far inside her. He increased his pace sensing his orgasm reach and pass boiling point.

"Oh god. Oh yes. Fill me up. Fill me with your seed. I only take your seed deep inside me."

Johnson moaned loud. Hearing his cousin's words sent him over the edge. He reached forward caressing his cousin's breasts. He knew she enjoyed him being rough with her breasts. He tightened his grip and heard her moan. Cercee's pussy tightened around his pulsing cock as she started to orgasm. They both breathed hard as they exploded together. Johnson filled the Queen's fertile womb, again, with his potent semen.

WinterDown

Brad returned home from his trip to the Elder space of his village. Brad's father was the Lord of WinterDown, so Brad lived in the large castle in the center of WinterDown. The Strokes had been the Lords of this land for generations. Of course being a son from a great family, Brad was expected to marry a higher class lady, and with a higher class, came an endowed lady who could help him become King, one day.

However, Brad was in love. He loved the Stable Master's daughter. The Stable Master was the caretaker of the horses and the barn. Brad's love didn't come from a prestigious family. If his father knew Brad was in love with Anna Bust, the Stable Master's daughter, he would not allow the relationship.

Brad walked into the stable to see if his love was around. He tried to spend as much time as he could and as often as he could with her. However, he didn't see her anywhere. As he walked into the barn, he saw Sam her older brother.

"Greetings, John. How's your day?"

"Fine, if shoveling shit all day is pleasing to you," replied John. "So, did you go?"

"I did, but it wasn't what I expected."

"Same, my first time. I expected naked girls fucking everywhere. Did you see anything?" asked John.

"You're a pervert, John," laughed Brad. "But, I did. The butcher's wife riding his cock."

"Awesome," replied John as the boys heard talking near the back of the stable.

The boys walked further into the barn then they heard complaining.

"You want me to suck your cock, again?" complained Sasha. "I just did it, yesterday. Must I?"

Brad heard a female voice complaining. By the snobbish tone, he believed it was his old sister, Sasha Stroke. She must be with her fiancé. His sister was engaged to marry another high lord's son. Her fiancé came from a wealthy family with riches and vast lands, and Brad heard rumors his sister had already been doing everything her fiancé asked.

Sasha Stroke was a petite, soft-faced, gorgeous girl and had a well-endowed bust like her mother. She was taller than Brad with long brunette hair. Brad had no idea his friend John fantasized about his older sister's large 32G breasts. Often, John jerked off thinking of her overly endowed breasts.

Brad and John slowly looked around. At the back wall of the barn, they saw Sasha on her knees in front of her fiancé. Her dress was unzipped and lowered to the ground. Her large breasts were visible for the first time ever to both boys. Brad turned quickly away, but John kept staring.

"We have to go," whispered Brad.

"I'm going to watch some."

"Fucking pervert," replied Brad leaving the barn.

At the sight before him, John undid his pants and pulled out his cock. He started stroking it. He went rock hard when he saw her move forward and take her finance's cock into her mouth. Sasha vacuumed on his long hard cock for a minute before complaining again.

"You're sweaty, and it tastes bad. Must I have to, dear?" complained Sasha. John figured, she only referred to her fiancé, William, with sweet pet names because she wanted his money. All she does was because of his wealth.

"Stand my dear. Of course, you can stop," William told her.

William helped Sasha stand. He took her dress and laid it over the hay bail. He took a minute to admire Sasha's nude form. Her wide curvy hips and full breasts stood out the most. However, her long brunette hair and soft, smooth, pale skin completed her young firm goddess look.

"Turn around, dear," said William.

With those words, William turned Sasha around, and he bent her over the hay bail. Her dress laid over the hay to give something for her arms and hands to rest on. She was leaning over with her hands on the low hay bail and her ass high in the air. Her massive breasts hung down as William held his hard narrow cock. He started to rub his cockhead around her wet opening.

"Remember dear, you can't cum inside me until we're married."

"Oh yes. I know. I'll just enjoy your tight hole for a minute before I pull out. I promise dear."

With those words, William continued to ease himself into Sasha as John watched unknown to them both. William was tall and thin. He stood eye to eye with Sasha, but behind her full round ass, he looked like a rail. As he released his dick, he placed his hands on her hips showing more of her angular body. His petite legs were half the size of Sasha thick thighs. However, the man knew what he wanted and drove his manhood further into her love tunnel. William held Sasha's wide hips and increased his speed and thrusts.

John couldn't believe his eyes. He jerked faster as he saw Sasha bent over. Seeing her ample breast swaying back and forth as her pussy was being pounded sent John over the edge. He started to cum on the ground. John finished all over the ground. Then, he fixed his pants and left the barn before being caught.

Now alone, Sasha and her fiancée continued their courting. With her dress on the ground, Sasha laid on top of her dress. She was completely nude with her fiancé straddling her waist. Her hourglass bottom was in view, and her thighs were raised in the air with her feet flat on the ground. Her fiancé was straddling her torso as his long cock slid between her heavenly globes.

The smile on his face told how wonderful her firm breasts felt. He continued moving his member between her breasts as his moans increased. As his pleasure overtook his thinking, the forward thrust of his raging manhood pressed his cockhead to her lips, but she kept her mouth shut when the head came near.

"Dear, careful. Not soo far. Just keep it between my tits, right? Your thing keeps pressing to my lips, William," complained Sasha as her bust was being used.

"My lady, I'm trying. I enjoy sliding it completely in and out. Just open your mouth. Then, I, it will just slide between your lips. It hurts slamming into your mouth, dear."

Sasha had a look of disgust. She didn't allow her boyfriend before William to shoot his white fluid in her mouth and had kept William from it, too. With that thought, she objected, "No!" Too bad it was bad timing. His cock slid between her lips as she opened her mouth to object.
