 Disclaimer:

This story is for Adults Only. If you are underage, exit now. Make sure to store this book where minors cannot access it. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story may portray scenes of intercourse, voyeur, outercourse, anal, lactation, and Fellatio. This comes from my mind only. This story is a humor/parody of medieval tales. Any correlation to anything already produced is accidental. 

Thank you for reading and leaving a review.

*****

Winterdown

Part Three

Anna was preparing dinner for tonight. Tonight, her fiancé, Brad Stroke, was to ask her father for her hand in marriage. His acceptance of the engagement will complete the proposal. She was nervous and excited. She continued preparing when from behind she felt a kiss on her neck.

Anna turned to find Brad. He took her in his arms, they kissed. She parted her lips when she felt him relax his lips. Their tongues explored each other's mouth as they kissed for a second.

"Are you ready for tonight?"

"I'm... I think. I'm not sure how it will go," Brad said to her as he held her in his arms. "Do you think he'll give me your hand?"

"Yes! Well, I think he will. You're so nice to me. He must. If not, we'll run off together," Anna replied smiling up at him.

"You look beautiful, tonight."

"Thank you, this is a new dress I got from my mother. She said it's made for a lady."

"For a gorgeous, Lady," replied Brad with a smile. Looking at her new dress, he noticed the tight fit and a lower neckline.

Anna returned to the dinner preparations.

"I don't know, Anna. Maybe we should wait. I don't want to upset your family or take advantage of you and our relationship. I'm worried about ruining everything."

"Do you want me, Brad? Are you having second thoughts?"

"Yes and NO! I love you. You're all I want and will ever want. I go to sleep thinking of you, and I wake thinking of you. I'm just nervous and worried."

Anna smiled. Her eyes met Brad's as they gazed into each other's eyes. After a few seconds, she continued to chop vegetables for dinner. While she turned the meat, she said over her shoulders, "If you're sure, then you'll make it happen. Plus..." 

Brad stepped next to her. He asked, "Plus...what?"

Anna's hand moved over to Brad's crotch. She palmed his manhood for a moment before releasing him. No one had ever touched him like this before. He breathed deep in shock. She answered, "Plus, once my father says yes, I'm yours, and you're mine. I'll start with caressing my fiancé's cock."

Shocked, Brad's mind went blank. He had not thought about the sexual implications of his proposal. Once he was interested in dating, Anna had been his girlfriend. Sure, they kissed and their bodies pressed to each other, but he had never felt her hand fully grasps his member. Looking down to reply to her, his eyes went straight to her lowered neckline.

With her bent over the cutting board, he was able to view her cleavage. He swore her chest seemed to grow every day. Trying to gather his thoughts, Brad finally replied, "Umm..aww..mhm hmm."

"Take these chopped potatoes and put them in the pot to cook," Anna said pointing to the boiling pot as she handed Brad the bowl of potatoes. She smiled seeing his eyes glued to her chest. "Pay attention, dear. You don't want to burn yourself."

Brad continued to help Anna cook, but he wasn't much use. He kept stopping and staring at her. Brad had always felt his girlfriend was attractive, but he never had a glimpse under her dress. He always saw her in oversized dresses that covered her chest completely.

Anna giggled from time to time as she caught Brad staring. When dinner was close to being finished, she handed Brad a stack of plates and forks. She said, "Please, set the table for me, my love. I have to change for dinner." 

"Sure," replied Brad not thinking of anything else to say. Hearing her call him, "her love" was a first for him, too. He liked it. He liked it a lot. As Brad was setting the table, he looked up to see Anna's Father and Mother entered the room.

"Evening, Mr. and Mrs. Bust. It's a pleasure to see you both. I hope you don't mind. I'll be joining you for dinner."

"Of course, dear," replied Mrs. Bust with a smile on her face. She took Brad's hand in a soft, familiar, kind of greeting.

With a hard look on his face, Mr. Bust stared at Brad. Anna's father said, "You've been spending too much time with my daughter. I hope your intentions are honorable."

"Yes, Sir. I promise. I enjoy her company. We get along and have many things in common," Brad said looking around the room nervously.

Still glaring at Brad, the Staple Master spoke as a father, not a commoner, "Brad, if you're looking for a quick FUCK. Just some plaything. You couldn't have good intentions. Your father would never allow anything serious. Right?"

Shocked Brad couldn't think, but replied, "No. I don't think of Anna as a plaything, sir. I think of her as my future wife." The words left Brad's mouth before he could stop them.

Brad saw the shocked look on the face of Mr. and Mrs. Bust. He glanced to the doorway and saw Anna standing there. She smiled at him. Her smile gave him the courage to continue.

"I didn't want to say it like that. I apologize, sir. I love Anna. She is making this dinner for me to ask you for her hand in marriage. I promise to always love her and put her first. Do I have your blessing, Mr. Bust?" Brad asked holding his hand towards Anna's father.

Looking from Brad's hand to his eyes, Mr. Bust stared hard with an angered look. He finally relaxed. He took Brad's hand and shook. 

"You get your father to accept the marriage, and then, you'll have my blessing," the Stable Master said as he squeezed young Mr. Stokes' hand. "Now, let us eat"

Anna's dinner dress was long and pillowed at the bottom. The top of the dress was tight and the under corset fit perfectly to her figure. The corset accented her curves and pushes her cleavage up high. The low-cut neckline revealed a fair amount of cleavage. Since Brad had never openly seen Anna's cleavage prior to this dinner, he couldn't keep his eyes from her chest. 

For dinner, Anna wore a dress her mother lent her. She had never worn clothes meant for the upper class. The dress felt soft and clean. Her favorite part of the new outfit was the way her fiancée glared at her. Anne knew Brad never saw her in a proper lady's dress, but even in cheap loose clothes, he still looked at her with desire. However, her new revealing dress had seemed to bring a new look to him, lust.

Brad broke bread and joined the Bust Family for dinner. They ate and made light conversation. Finally, later in the meal, Brad spoke to Anna's father. They discussed the horses and the kingdom. Anna caught Brad's eyes now and again and smiled at him. The dinner went without any more problems, and when the meal had ended, Anna's parents said, "Good Night." 

Back in the kitchen, Anna was cleaning up, and Brad sat and talked with her.

"I think dinner went well. What do you think, dear?" Anna asked as she cleaned up the kitchen.

"Yeah, I asked your father for your hand, and he didn't chase me with his sword in hand. He even said 'yes', sort of."

"He did. Now you have to ask your father."

Brad looked around the room. He had a concerned look on his face, and he said, "You have to join me. My father won't kill me with a witness around."

"You're silly," Anna giggled. She moved towards Brad. As she stepped closer to him, Anna held out her hand. He took her hand. "Of course, I'll join you. If you ask, I'll do anything. Now, come with me, I promised you a reward."

With that said, Anna pulled Brad by the hand into the food storage room next to the kitchen. As they walked into the pantry, Anna led Brad to the back behind three rows of racks with shelves full of food. She turned him so his back was against the wall. Tiptoeing, she kissed him.

Brad leaned against the wall in the back of the storage room. He parted his lips as they kissed. They kissed deeply and passionately. Then, he felt her hand move to his crotch. His breathing became deep as he felt her touch him below the belt. They continued kissing as Brad realized Anna was untying his pants and maneuvered her hand past his undergarment. He gasped as her soft petite hand gripped his manhood. He moaned as she grasped him and stroked his hard member.

"O-Oh my, Anna your hand feels cool."

Anna smiled up at him. "Do you like it, dear? Should I continue?"

"Yes... Yes. Please." 

Their lips press into each other. Brad's hand lay on Anna's shoulder as he felt Anna free his member from his pants. She started to stroke him as he glanced at down at her immense cleavage. He kept looking at his soon-to-be wife as she stroked him faster. Her movement caused her chest to bounce which aroused him further.

"Do you like my breasts, Brad? Do you think they are too small for someone high born like yourself?" asked Anna with an innocent tone to her voice. She never let anyone see her breasts. Brad has been her only love. The low cut top was the closest to topless she had been.

"A-Awe...ooo t-their wonderful. I'm the lucky-est," stuttered Brad as he felt her masturbate him, Brad tried to reply. Hearing the disappointment in her voice, Brad's knew he had to reinsure her. "You're more beautiful than any woman I've ever seen including the Queen."

"Awe, Bradley."

"I never saw you in a dress like this one, until tonight. I was shocked when I saw you. I couldn't believe it. I always thought you were gorgeous, but I never knew you had such an hourglass figure and such a chest," Brad said in an eager perverted outburst. Finishing his statement, he felt her speed increase in an answer as she continued to pleasure his cock. He looked her in the eyes, and she smiled at him. They leaned together and kissed as she stroked his manhood.

Brad's hand moved to her chest. He caressed her breast through her dress. The sensation of her soft breasts and her hand tightening around his cock sent his orgasm to its boiling point. 

"Anna, I'm going to cum. Oh dear."

Anna continued to stroke his dick to a steady pace. She kissed him passionately. Her tongue explored his mouth as she felt him tense. "A-Anna, my love. Ohh," was all Brad moaned as his cock pulsed in her hand.

Neither of them thought about where Brad's white fluid would go as it sprayed from his pulsing cock. Most of his seed hit her dress but a small amount landed on the floor. With one of his hands pausing her stroke, Brad pulsed ropes of semen from his cock as his other hand gripped Anna's breast hard. After he finished, Brad finally relaxed.

"Wow thank you, my love... Oh my god, I'm sorry. I got it all over your dress."

Anna glanced down at her dress and said, "You sure did. You covered my dress, Brad. Wow!" Anna giggled which made Brad laugh, too. "I'll clean up. You should head home before you're missed. Should I come over tomorrow after breakfast?"

"Yes, I'll see you tomorrow morning. I'll miss you," Brad replied pulling her to him for a kiss. Then, he turned to leave the storage room. 

Brad walked thinking about how he'll tell his father of his engagement. It won't be simple. One, he just turned of age. Second, he was expected to marry a lady of high birth. He had no idea how to convince his father.

Brad thought about Anna in her form-fitting dress. He was confused. Anna seemed as developed as his older sister, but only ladies from high families had royal chests. It had to be her dress. Finally arriving at WinterDown's castle, Brad went to his room. Once his head fell on his pillow, sleep took him.

WinterDown's Castle

2

The next morning, leaving the kitchen, Brad entered the dining hall. He joined his parent at the breakfast table. Looking around the table he saw his father, Lord Stoke, and his mother, Katharine Stroke. He enjoyed his food trying to think of how to tell his parents of his marriage proposal to his true love, Anna Bust.

Brad stabbed his meat and potatoes with a fork as he thought. He glanced at his mother as she dipped her bread in a bowl full of cream. She bent down slowly to eat her cream bread. Each time she bent to her breakfast; her ample breast pressed into the table causing her cleavage to spill from the top of her dress. He couldn't stop peeking. 

Now, as Brad watched his mother have breakfast, he realized where he developed his obsession with breasts. His mother's low-cut top exposed abundant amounts of breast flesh. Her soft pillows spilled from the top of her dress. They were so full and round. He was reminded of his fiancée, Anna.

Brad watched his mother stand. She took her bowl and prepared to leave. 

Since he was taking note of his world, Brad noticed the women who inhabited it. He took a long look at his mother, Katharine Stroke. She had long brunette hair and a petite frame. As she stood, the tightness of her corset was visible under her dress. It was amazing after having four children, she had a petite waist. As Brad's admiration followed up her frame, he noticed her ample bust. Her impressive 32GG chest looked amazing on her small frame. Lady Stroke was the definition of the wife of a great lord. 

Since he had seen more of Anna's figure, he could compare Anna to his mother. He believed Anna's chest was not much smaller than his mother. He never thought about it, but Anna could be more developed than his older sister. Since his sister was older than Anna, Sasha had more years to develop. How developed would Anna be in the coming years?

"Bye Mother," said Brad as his mother kissed his cheek. He watched his mother go to her husband and kiss him before leaving. Looking back to his father, Brad noticed his father's eyes lock on him. Brad held the stare for a second before looking away.

"I heard you had dinner in the stables, last night."

"Father, I didn't eat in the stables. I had dinner with Anna and her parents. Their home is above the stables," replied Brad.

Lord Stroke rose from his chair. He walked closer to Brad. Moving the chair his wife just vacated, Lord Stroke sat near his son. The Lord's broad shoulders and stature demanded fear alone. However, the Lord's stare drilled to a person's soul. He finally spoke to his heir.

"I know they live above the stables. Her father is a Stable Master. Just as his father before him," exclaimed Lord Stroke. Though he didn't raise his voice, his tone was powerful. The Lord of the land moved closer to his son and leaned forward. His elbows rested on the table before him. "Is that what you want to do, son? Would like to run the stables?"

Brad's love for Anna helped fuel his fire. His desire had grown to defend his soon-to-be wife. He tried to speak like his father when he replied, "No Father, I do not plan to run the stables. I plan to rule these lands. As you have. And your father before you."

"Then, you cannot be seen kissing and hanging around a mere stable girl," growled Lord Stroke. He couldn't believe his son had the balls to speak to him in this tone. "You come from a great family. You must start acting like it."

"I do father. I work hard in my lessons. I study fighting in the yard. I study with the healers. I spend time in the village with the commoners," replied Brad thinking of his trip to the elder part of the village. "I'm doing everything that you ask of me, father. I don't see why you care who I spend my free time with."

"I see. Yes, spend time with the little stable girl. I understand your learning how to be with a woman. It's fine to sow your wild oats. But, now it's time to start dating higher born girls. Brad, you have to think of your future."

"I've not been doing that, father. I wouldn't disrespect Anna that way. I love her. I'm going to marry her."

Bradley's eyes grew wide as he saw the fire in his father's eyes. He had not meant to blurt out his engagement. Waiting for the right time was his plan. As his father began to speak, he felt the anger and powerful tone fill his ears.

"You'll do no such thing. You'll not marry a common horse girl. You'll not disgrace our family. You'll marry a high-born girl. A girl who will represent class and style associated with a high family," scaled Lord Stroke.

"Father"

"I'll hear nothing from you," boomed Lord Stroke. "I'm your father and the Lord of these lands."

Both Stroke men went silent with anger. They're so enraged that neither could think of a reply. The Stroke men glared at each other, and their posture changed. Each moved their feet under themselves for purchase. As their hands placed on the table and muscles tensed, the electricity of violence filled the air. A moment before springing, they were interrupted by a soft voice.

"Excuse me. I might be a little late."

Both men turned to the doorway, there stood a lady. She was wearing a dress of smooth purple silk. Since it was tailored to fit her frame perfectly, the long dress hugged her curves as it flowed to the ground. With one foot in front of the other, her stance accented the elegant length of her legs. Her gown seemed to have a corset, but in fact, the dress clung to her firm mid-section under her bust giving the appearance of one. With a falling neckline, the lady's ample cleavage displayed perfectly. The perfection of her heavenly breast which sat perfectly on her frame was a miracle with no corset. The silk gown displayed her developed 32H cup breasts like a work of art.

Glancing upward past the long straight brunette hair and pale skin of her face, Brad recognized the lady.

"Anna?"

"I'm sorry if I'm late. I thought now would be the best time to come over," replied Anna.

Gliding into the dining hall, Anna walked towards Lord Stroke. She moved past Brad to his father. Both men were frozen like statues. If she knew the tension the room had moments prior to her arrival, she would've been able to sense the release of it as she walked. She held her hand palm down and bent slightly to Lord Stroke as she curtsied.

"Lord Stroke, it's a pleasure to see you this morning. Please forgive me, if I interrupted."

Taking Anna's hand, Lord Stroke tried to make eye contact and not allow his gaze to roam the young girl's body. However, as he rose to gentle bow and kiss her hand, he was unable to not glace down her cleavage valley. His eyes were wide as he pressed his lips to her hand. Brad knew his father only kissed the hand of a maiden if she was royalty.

"Pleasure's mine, Anna. It's always nice to see you," Lord Stroke stated gently. Nothing like the tone he had with his son.

Anna curtsied, again, to show respect as the Lord held her hand. Then, she went to sit on the other side of Brad. Prior to taking a seat, she kissed Brad's cheek.

"Did I miss much, my love?" asked Anna.

Stunned, Brad couldn't think of a detailed response. He said, "No."

"Lord Stroke, I've loved Brad my entire life. I believe he has loved me just as long. I'm happy to accept his proposal. I cannot wait to be his wife and start giving you grandchildren."

Lord Stroke was in shock by Anna's curvaceous beauty and elegant manner. When she mentioned breeding, his mind wandered thinking about the curve of her hips. Recalling the way her pear bottom swayed side to side as she walked caused his crotch to become aroused. Thinking to reply was difficult, and he said, "I ... I ... um."

"My father gave us his blessing to be married. He said, 'he will agree to our wedding, if you agree'," continued Anna placing her elbows on the table and leaning in front of Brad. "Lord Stroke! Please, tell me you agree. Please, tell me Brad can have me forever."

With her biceps on each side of her chest, they pressed together causing her breasts to burst toward Lord Stroke. Anna extended her hands to Lord Stroke. Taking his hands, she leaned closer to him. Her round brown eyes were looking up at him. She smiled at the Lord noticing his eyes were on her chest. She pushed, "So?"
