 Disclaimer: Everyone's at least eighteen. 



It's bright here, almost blindingly.

I can hear the wild music playing and feet stamping and dancing but I can't see anything yet, the mist remains in my eyes. I can feel Morgain release my hand and grip my shoulder, her touch sending electronic sparks down my arm.

"We're here." She remarks, and the mist fades.

I'm looking at a massive hall seemingly built out of crystal like glass surrounded by deep forests and blue sky, there are dozens of Elfkind dancing in a massive circle around something I can't see and I'm standing next to a throne, I glance down and see Morgain sitting down, her hand leaving my arm and making me feel somehow hungry for the contact.

Morgain nods to a beautiful Elfkind maiden standing to the right of the throne.

She's short for an Elfkind, standing at just under six feet, with vividly sky blue eyes and bright white hair, her face is cute and carries fairy blood with a slightly up-turned nose and a eyes that slightly slant, her lips are thin but not unattractively so and they're a shade of bright red similar to Morgain.

She wears a long green gown, form fitting but not particularly low cut, her body isn't remarkable even by human standards, with B-cup breasts and a wispy looking frame. She has a flute sheathed at her waste almost like one would sheathe a sword and now as she nods back to Morgain she pulls it out and plays three long notes, almost immediately the wild music shushes down to barely audible and the dancers stop, turning to look and for the first time I see what they were dancing around.

There are two men and a woman in the center of the circle wrapped together and writhing, the woman is Elfkind tall and thin with long antelope like antlers sticking out of the top of her head and large, deep black eyes, her hair is long and tangled, and she has a wildness in her movements that I find intoxicating to watch. Her ears are pierced with multiple earrings, much like Morgain's, and her body is covered in blue tattoos wrapping around her in intricate vine-like patterns. Her heaving breasts are beautiful, D cup at least with wide areolas and perky nipples pierced with rings. She is sucking one of the men's cock while she rides the other's.

The one getting oral is surprisingly short and muscular for an Elfkind standing at about four foot three, with large tusk like fangs and long arms, giving him a semi-ape like appearance, black dreadlocks hang off of his head and his face is covered in war paint, one of his ears has a fang hanging out of it. He has his head thrown back, with his eyes closed in ecstasy as he grips the back of the woman's head.

The other man seems almost human, but his movements are a tad off, quick and jerky. He's average looking, with brown hair and a hooked nose, freckles cover his face, and his eyes are closed as he bucks his hips to meet the woman's in a glorious and sensual union of flesh, he is making almost animalistic grunting noises .

As they realize the music's gone and the dancer's have stopped movement slows as the three look around. The man who had been getting a blowjob opens his eyes revealing them to be a black similar to the woman's, and the man on the ground revealing red eyes, implying demonic heritage of some sort. 

Morgain stands up, smiling.

"My children, rejoice!" She calls out, "For I have brought to us a new Vassal!"

The woman to Morgain's right gives me a little nod, indicating that I should step forward.

I do so as the Elfkind woman on the ground releases the apelike man's cock with a slight pop that is somehow clearly audible from here.

I am all too aware of my all too visible hardness, and of several dozen pairs of eyes upon me. I have the common sense not to cover it, but I get immediately tense.

"I present to thou Cade, formerly of House Canterdon, former trainee wizard of the Mages association, master of evocation and conjuration!" Morgain calls out.

The crowd mills uncertainly. 

"He is to be treated as one of us, and taught the ways of Elfkind." Morgain orders, as she stands up and faces her court, her arms spreading wide.

"I call upon Indirel, master at arms."

An Elfkind steps out of the crowd, medium height for an Elfkind, wearing leather breaches and some sort of chest guard, leaving his midriff bare to the world, a red tattoo of a bear claw covers half his face and he seems to have a ring in his nose, he is extremely muscular in a kind of lanky fashion and his hair is long and gray, done up in a pony tail, his eyes are yellow with slit-like pupils, almost catlike. 

He bows in front of Morgain's throne.

"What is it thou requires of me?" He asks, his tone tinged with a slight Russian accent. 

"I require that thou continue this one's," Morgain gestures at me "training in swordsmanship and archery."

"As you command, milady." Indirel says, rising to his feet and looking me up and down. "We will speak later." He then turns and goes back into the crowd.

"Indeed." Morgain says, calmly. "Next I call upon Egen, historian and bard." 

The ape-like Elfkind steps forward, still completely naked with his seven inch cock bouncing in the air, still hard, he bows. "Thy wish is my command." He says, his voice unexpectedly refined sounding.

"Loyal bard, I order thou to teach my vassal lessons of the history of this court." Morgain says, calmly. 

"Milady commands it, so it shall be." He then looks at me, rising to his feet. "You have a lot to learn, youngling." He then turns and walks back into the crowd.

"And last but not least, Selene, Caller of the Wild Hunt, I call upon thou." The woman who had been riding the demon blooded steps forward, remaining on her feet. 

I shifted slightly, trying to keep myself from staring at her body, she really is quite muscular but it does nothing to detract from her attractiveness, it just adds an edge of intimidation.

The Wild Hunt is the power source of the Elfkind, a state of ecstasy achieved while hunting, fighting or fucking that brings great strength and speed to its wielder, as well as granting other various abilities depending on the user's power level.

"Thou will aid this one in understanding our ways, thou will teach him to break away from human prejudices, and thou will teach him to call upon the Wild Hunt." Morgain orders, lazily.

Selene looks my body up and down. "Take them off." She orders, gesturing at my waste.

"Um... What?!" I ask, shocked.

"Is it not obvious, Cade?" Morgain asks, laughing "Thou will not argue with her, or talk back to her, she will teach thou our ways, whether thou likes it or not."

I blush bright red, humiliated as I hear the Elfkind around me laugh and I slowly start to take off your pants. 

Selene makes an impatient noise and I speed up a bit, pulling off my jeans and boxers to let my six inch cock bounce free.

Selene considers it carefully, making me squirm uncomfortably, feeling humiliated and exposed, wearing only a shirt.

"He will do." She decides, turning away and letting me watch her quite nice ass as she walks back towards the demon-blooded. "I will meet with him after I finish with this one." She says, calmly. 

Morgain laughs as I blush yet more deeply, unsure of what to do and resisting the urge to cover myself. "The ritual may now continue." She says.

The woman to her right plays another few notes on her flute and the wild music begins once again.



"Well, that went well." Morgain remarks to me. "Thou may return thy trousers to their proper place now." 

I hastily pull on my boxers and trousers as I watch Selene return to bouncing on the Demon-blooded and taking yet another Elfkind's cock into her mouth after impatiently pulling down his breeches. 

"Why is it necessary, if I may be so bold as to ask?" I ask, struggling to hide the blush still covering my face.

"The Wild Hunt calls on lust and pleasure, and thou will find thyself much more powerful while under its influence." Morgain explains calmly. "In order for thou to reach this point thou must be stripped of all the inhibitions thy hypocritical society has placed upon thee."

"Oh..." I say, shifting uncomfortably.

I had not quite realized how sexual Elfkind society really is, I mean, I'd heard stories, but I never guessed it would be this... Blatant. Not that it would have changed my choice much. But it would have been nice to have warning, and practice.

I'm not a virgin, but I've only ever had sex twice. Once while extremely intoxicated and seventeen and the other time was strictly for magical purposes to complete a ritual that my Father needed done. Both had been rather short, sweaty, wet and fun. 

But I have next to no experience or skill, and it looks like it's a major tenant of the society I have joined. 

The woman by Morgain's throne seems to notice my discomfort.

"Thou will get used to it." She promises. "Eventually what thou had considered fringe or distasteful will be considered at worst fringe for thee. Unless thou chooses the celibate path."

Morgain sighs. "That is not an option for this one, Lydia." She says. "I require him to follow a warrior and hunter's path. Thy crazy views are not for him."

Lydia sighs but doesn't argue, and I look at the short Elfkind with curiosity.

"You're celibate?" I ask, intrigued. 

She nods "Yes. I chose to serve as my Mistress's herald with my entirety, sexual pleasure is a distraction."

Morgain chuckles. "Unseelie thinking if ever I heard it, however we have spoken of this before. Thou will have to mate eventually; thy line cannot be allowed to die." 

Lydia's jaw clenches slightly but she bows to Morgain. "Your will is my path." She says, in tones of forced calm.

Morgain smiles fondly. "Indeed, it is young one, indeed it is."

I give Lydia a smile as I turn my attention back to the dance and the threesome within. I cannot see it through the shifting figures but I can hear Selene moaning and panting loud, as well as the loud grunts and groans of the demon-blooded and the occasional moan from the Elfkind Selene is pleasuring. 

After a few more minutes I hear the demon-blooded cry out in complete ecstasy and Selene moan loudly as the wild music starts to speed up. Then after a moment she screams as well, a piercing almost in-human sound. The dancing around them has moved to a frenzy, spinning around and around, the Elfkind in it pressing into each other, hand straying all over each other's bodies regardless of gender, the wild music reaches a crescendo then after a moment it drifts to barely audible and the elves stop moving. 

Morgain smiles. "And I believe they are done." She says, simply. The Elfkind in front of us move to the either side, giving Selene room to walk through.

She's panting slightly, breasts heaving and she still shakes slightly from the pleasure.

"It is done, milady." She says, between pants.

Behind her I can see the demon-blooded laying on the ground, panting hard and not really moving much beyond that as bits of energy flicker around him.

"Excellent. Beez will be ready for his mission then." Morgain says. 

"When he recovers." Selene acknowledges. "Now you," She looks at me. "You're coming with me."

I blush brightly as she turns and walks out-through a side door and I follow.