 Selene leads me down a flight of stairs and down a long earthen hallway lined with oaken doors, she then turns a corner and stops in front of a bit of wall with a crossed spear and bow upon it. She puts her hand to it and the wall glows, after a moment it's gone replaced by a door which she opens easily and then leads me into a small circular room with a king sized bed covered in furs in the center of the room. On one wall over what appears to be an old style fire-place I see the head of a deer with a massive head of antlers, it's preserved perfectly, looking almost alive. There's a curved bookshelf immediately to my left against a wall, and we appear to be standing on a bearskin rug. 

Under her bed I can make out a medium sized chest with a heavy lock upon it.

Selene turns to me, and without warning she grabs me, presses me against a wall and kisses me passionately and fiercely, her tongue forcing its way into my mouth. 

I gasp at the aggressive assault as she runs her tongue over my teeth and as I begin to kiss her back, trying to match her passion. 

I feel something flowing from the kiss, energy interacting with my mage core, prodding it as Selene plays a game of tonsil hockey. Within seconds I'm moaning as pleasure floods me, filling my body with a pleasant tingling sensation, my mage core relaxing into the power. 

"Interesting." Selene says, breaking away, appearing to be a little breathless as she gives me an appraising look. "Your magic core is extremely compatible with the Wild Hunt." 

I blush and look down. "Thank you." I say.

She laughs. "This doesn't suit you. Okay, we need to talk."

She sits down on the bed and pats the place next to her.

I sit down, tense as a spring, the bed is extremely comfortable and I sink into it a little more than expected, losing my balance a bit, I'm sitting a good two feet away from her, still nervous. She snorts and scoots close to me, wrapping an arm around my waist and laying a hand on my crotch.

My face is bright red. 

"You need to let this go." She says, calmly. "It's cute for now, but it will get old fast. And if you want to have allies here, and trust me, you'll need allies here, you're going to have to trade some pleasure around." 

I nod slowly. "I can understand that, it's merely a rather complete and abrupt change for me."

"You should have expected it, really." Selene says, her tone a little annoyed. "We're the Seelie court. Light, passion, flame..." 

I nod. "I knew in theory, but... I'm having trouble immediately adapting. Apologies." 

"You'd better be sorry." She says, her tone taking a teasing note as her hand starting to rub my cock through the jeans. "Now, how many times have you fucked someone?"

I pant slightly, shifting uncomfortably but not really trying to get away. 

"Uh... Twice." I say, my face hot from embarrassment and my heart pounding. 

"Really? That's all?" She says, sounding amused as she unzips my fly. "It's hardly a wonder why you're so 'modest' then."

I nod, looking at her. 

"This will be easier if you just relax." She says, coolly as she unbuttons my jeans and with my help pulls them down a bit. "Now, describe them."

"Excuse me?" I ask, feeling a little stupid. 

"Your sexual experiences." She orders as she pulls my cock out the flap in the front of my boxers.

"Uh..." I say, trying to force myself to relax as she wraps a hand around it and rubs the head with her thumb, causing a wave of pleasure to flow through me. 

"Well?" She asks, her voice amused. 

I sigh.

"The first time was just a drunken mistake." I say, panting as she starts to rub my cock slowly, bringing her hand up and down.

"Describe it, if you can remember it that is..." She says, picking up the pace a bit.

"It was with another Apprentice." I say, trying not to moan. "I had just mastered- ooh" She's speeding up a bit now, her grip almost painfully tight. "My first school of magic, and she and I were up late celebrating."

"Describe her too me." Selene orders, thumbing my head lightly again, making me moan despite myself. "I want every detail."

"She was a little older than me." I say, closing my eyes and panting hard. "With about B-cup breasts, her hair was really curly and red, she had sorta freckly pale skin."

"Did the carpets match the drapes?" Selene ask, her voice carrying amused interest. 

"Y-yeah." I say, groaning.

"Now, tell me how it happened." Selene orders, her hand speeding up a bit more, merciless.

"We- ah... were at a- at a party." I say, "I knew her from a couple of classes and I don't know, we were talking and sitting together and we just got closer and closer until we were just about on top of each other." 

"Do you remember how that felt?" Selene asks, leaning in close so her lips are just next to my ear, her breath hot on my skin as she whispers. "Do you remember the excitement, the softness?"

I moan, feeling my muscles relaxing a bit.

"Y-yeah." I say, my mind going back to that day (Well as much as it can anyway), it had all been very clumsy really, just two kids who didn't know shit with their hands all over each other. Her name had been Elisa, a first generation mage without a house, she was beautiful and while it had just been crazy and clumsy in hindsight, the night always held a special place in my mind. 

"Then what happened?" Selene prompts, before lightly running a tongue over my neck.

I moan. "Uh... We started making out, it got pretty heavy pretty fast." I say, writhing with her movement slightly. 

It had been brilliant, I'd only kissed a couple of other people before then and Elisa was great. We had gotten so close and her mouth on mine had been ecstacy. I probably wasn't all that impressive, but it hadn't mattered. 

"I started touching her, rubbing her breasts, playing with her... her...." I say, as Selene speeds up yet more.

"Her pussy." Selene prompts, leaning her head down so I can feel her breath on my cock, causing me to squirm in her grip. . 

"Yeah and she started grabbing me, and then I took her shirt off..."

Elisa's breasts hadn't been huge but they had had a great shape to them and I remember the feeling of having them in my hands, the warm and pliant flesh with her already rock hard nipples, I had focused on them and I remember her crying out because of it. 

"First set of tits you'd seen?" Selene asks, her tongue lightly running over the tip of my throbbing member. 

"A-ah. Yeah... We took the rest of our clothes off pr-pretty quick after that." I say, moaning as she takes the head into her mouth and sucks teasingly.

"Then it all happened pretty fast, but I laid down and she got on top of me and started-"

"Stop right there." Selene says, her hand stopping on my cock as she moves her mouth away. "Describe what happened to me."

"O-okay. I was licking her nipples, and just kind of sucking on them and she kept moaning and p-playing with my-" I blush brightly.

"Say it..." Selene says, taking the head of my cock back into her mouth.

"My cock." I say, groaning. "Then I laid back and she climbed on top of me... She had done it before and so she was hovering just over my cock, rubbing me with her p-pussy, teasing me."

Pre-cum oozed out of the tip of my cock at the memory, I felt her tongue licking it away expertly.

"So I-I kind of thrust up and sh-she went down on me, it was so tight... And warm..." I moan deeply as Selene starts to suck, her hand practically a blur. 

"It was all wet and rough and messy..." I say, groaning deeply. "And fast. Really fast it was only a few moments before ah-ah!"

She makes a noise as I feel pressure start to build, then abruptly both her mouth and hand are gone from my cock, I open my eyes, confused.

"Not yet, Boyo." Selene says, grinning. "You get to cum when you've earned it. So was that all? Just one quick fuck and then done?" 

I nod. "W-we fell asleep after that. And then when I woke up my Dad was at the door. Someone had told him and... He wasn't happy."

"Uh-huh." Selene says, sounding disinterested. 

It hadn't been fun, my Dad had told me off claiming that I was disgracing the family, sleeping with common rabble. 

He had had Elisa expelled for that and I hadn't been allowed without an escort outside of my dorm until practically a year later. 

"So, what about your other one?" Selene asks. 

"That one's not worth talking about." My tone darkens, as I feel my shoulders tensing. "Just a magic thing for my father with some anonymous mage." 

Selene raises an eyebrow. "Just missionary position and Mana transfer?"

I nod bitterly. It had actually been a step away from rape, forced by my father's edict. I had been made to force myself on the poor girl, and Selene doesn't need to know the details..

"Well, if it was boring I don't really need or care to know." Selene decides. "But both were women?"

I nod. "Yeah. I'm not really into guys."

Selene laughs. "Humans are so silly. Let me guess, it was some sort of big taboo in your family?" 

I nod. "Yeah, that about covers it. We couldn't fuck anyone who wasn't of a good Mage line and who couldn't produce heirs. Also I just don't find men that attractive."

"You clearly haven't tried it yet..." Selene says, "The feeling of being full, with a cock up your ass or in your mouth and throat... There's nothing quite like it."

I blush. "Oh...."

I honestly don't find guys that attractive, and I definitely don't want anything going up my.... up where things shouldn't go. 

Selene sighs. "Oh well, we can work up to that. For now I'll start off pretty simply."

"Oh?" I ask feeling nervous. 

"Yeah, I'm going to fuck you until you can't walk in a straight line." She says, leaning close and pushing me down with one hand so I faced the ceiling. She then stands up and pulls my pants and boxers off before I can even react. Then she gets onto the bed, prowling up me, I can feel her hot, unshaven sex less than inch away from my own, practically dripping.

Her face is so close, our noses practically touching as she stares unflinchingly into my eyes.

"Now, you're going to cum for me." Her tone is husky and full of intent to the point it causes me to shiver slightly

Without further ado she slams her pussy down onto my cock, throwing me into a world of ecstasy as she simultaneously leans over and sinks her teeth into my throat 

I react, thrusting into her hard, moaning. 

She groans, biting into my neck hard and licking along the teeth marks she just left and keeping it up, her pussy tight, wet and hot. 

The pleasure is... Indescribable, I can feel my entire body reacting as I lose myself to passion grabbing her face and kissing her wildly.

She looks surprised but responds with equal fervor, reaching up and grabbing the back of my head so I can't pull away as our hips slam together again and again.

Her tongue makes its way into my mouth, teasing the edges of my tongue and running itself over my teeth as I moan, grunting in time with the thrusts.

I'm already feeling pressure rising fast, my cock throbbing hard as I try to hold it in. .

"I'm about to-" I pant, before I cut myself out with a long moan.

"Do it." She orders, groaning. "Let it all out..."

I cum hard, momentarily blinded by pleasure as I spurt into her again and again filling her up with my seed..

She moans and rides me, milking me until its over. 

I collapse, all the muscles in my body seeming to relax as I pant hard, covered in sweat. Energy seeming to flicker all throughout my body. 

She stands up and brushes off. "Not bad." She says. "Definitely not good, but you have potential."

I groan in response, already feeling a little spent. 

She laughs, "Well we're done for the night. You'll need your strength for tomorrow, especially when the court gets its hands on you."

I sigh, and stare at the ceiling.

"And then next time, we really push your comfort zone..."

Brilliant.