 Selene leads me to my room after that and then leaves without much further ado, leaving me to my thoughts.

The room I'm in is up high, above the great hall and far above Selene's underground quarters, it's small and circular with very little decoration but a beautiful view of a massive forest and mountain scape around me. It has a bed, a dresser, a bookshelf and a chest. I can barely hear the wild music here and everything smells faintly of cinnamon.

So, here I am. I'd done it, I'd gone through with it, I'm an official member of the Seelie court.

And yet, I find myself with a foul taste in my mouth now that I have time to think, time to process everything that had happened.

I've given in to them. I've let go of everything and let them use me without any resistance, I've been exposed in front of a huge room of people, I just told a woman I'd only known for a day the details of one of the most intimate moments of my life while she pushed a blowjob on me and then she'd fucked me. 

I didn't resist when Morgain 'blessed' me with this apparently eternal hardon. I didn't do damn thing to stop any of what was happening and it looks like there was going to be much more. 

I feel disgusted with myself, I used to be a noble son of son of house Canterdon, rapidly rising through the Mages Association. 

And now this has happened, and now I've become... This.

And yet... I can't say I haven't enjoyed it. Even when my cock was bare against my will before the eyes of dozens of Elfkind I still on some level enjoyed it.

When Morgain was making me cum in front of her (Admittedly that easily could have been the spell) I had enjoyed it.

When Selene was utterly dominating me, I had enjoyed it. 

I've always had so much expected of me, so much that I'm just supposed to be. A loyal knight, a cunning politician, a powerful mage, a top-marks student and athlete. 

I was meant to be perfect, the most useful tool that I could possibly be for my older brother, for when he ruled. 

Father had had that all planned out, using the family Geas to make everyone else follow along in his scheme. His vision. 

I had to keep up perfect appearances, yet still be able to move in less official circles, I had to be poised and elegant, yet easily dropped to brutality.

He had meant for me to be a weapon and a tool. House Canterdon, to rule over the mages association, to banish the power of the seven that ruled it, and finally to bring magic out of the shadows and to rule over the empty minds. 

I don't know his whole plan, he probably would have told me after Erin, my brother, died. But now.... His plans have fallen apart. He's left with one dying son, one son too young to be of much use and... Me.

The traitor.

Maybe that's why I'm enjoying all of this. Maybe I fucking deserve to be humiliated. At least then I retain the honor of my oath to Morgain. Maybe I'm just beginning to repent. 

All of this was done for honorable reasons, right? I can't be this emperor my Father wants, I'm not the man my brother was, I had to do it to protect them. Right?

There are no answers for me in the rapidly setting sun. 

The forest holds no sage advice.

The mountains remain utterly stoic. 

I have to hold on to this. I am doing what is right. Giving myself to the Seelie will protect my family in the long run. 

I try to force myself to believe that as I strip down to my boxers and then climb into the bed and close my eyes, deeply breathing in the reassuring scent of cinnamon. 

Yet as a drift off to sleep, I find the foul taste has yet to leave my mouth. 

When I awaken it is to someone gently knocking on my door.

"Enter." I say, my voice drowsy as some part of me tries to go back to sleep.

I had been having a wonderful dream, I can't really remember the details, but I remember this feeling of safety and this huge golden oak tree.

The door opens and an elfkind walks in, she's dressed in a simple old style maid's uniform with a white apron, a brown shirt and puffy sleeves, her black, tangled hair is done up in a simple ponytail behind her head. Her eyes are both the clear blue except for large black pupils, she is as fair as all elfkind, but unusually busty, double D's at least and she seems slightly chubby. 

She bows, showing off her cleavage.

"Lady Morgain requests that I see thou get dressed and be ready to head down into the great hall for the morning repast."

I nod and look around, only to see that my jeans and shirt were gone. 

"Do you know what happened to my clothes?" I ask, yawning and stretching. 

"They were unsuitable, I'm supposed to escort thou to the tailor to get them replaced." The maid explains. 

I sigh and get out of bed, and am a little shocked when the maid curses. 

"Thou are still wearing those silly things?!" She exclaims, pointing at my boxers. 

"Uh... Yeah." I say, shifting uncomfortably.

I don't like where this is going.

"Milady says that she wanted all of thy old clothes done away with." The maid says, her tone authoritative and commanding. 

"Surely that's not necessary." I say, trying to stop the blush creeping up my face. "Surely she would not worry herself over these."

"I care not if she worries herself," The maid says. "It's mine own neck on the line and thou human foolishness is not worth that to me."

I can't really argue with that, so I don't resist as she sits me back down upon the bed and pulls the boxers off, quickly shoving them into her apron pocket.

I am however mildly surprised when she tells me to stay put then leaves the room for a moment, returning with a pair of simple woolen briefs. 

"These will not be entirely comfortable." The maid says. "But I would not want to make the wrong impression on thy. I do not glory in humiliation for its own sake, I simply do not wish to anger Her." 

"I... Thank you." I take the briefs from her and pull them on. "Why didn't you just ask me to take them off and give them to you around the door or something?"

The maid smiles cheekily. "I may not glory in thy humiliation, but I am still of Seelie." She lets her eyes drift over my body. "I simply wished to see the one milady sent me to collect in all his glory."

I chuckle lightly. "Ah, well thank you. What's your name?"

"I am Fidelma." She says simply. 

"It is a pleasure to meet you." I stand up. "Shall we be going?"

She nods. "That would be good, follow me."

She turns and walks down out of my room, I follow.

"So, how big is this place?" I ask. 

"Lady Morgain's home is of unending size when she wills it." Fidelma responds, leading me down the hall to the staircase. "Barring the great hall and a few of the other rooms it is mostly fluid."

"Oh, thanks." I say, not all that surprised.

The title 'Second General of the Seelie' comes with quite a few perks. 

"Have you been here long?" I ask, following her down the staircase.

"Yes, I've lived here my entire life." Fidelma responds. "I was chosen from my home, and taken here by Morgain's knights."

I don't press that. 

The politics and caste system of the Elfkind is not something to be trifled with, their peasants are cast out of the Elfkind's towns and cities and made to live in little hamlets unless they're lucky enough to be brought in to do a job that the rest of Elfkind consider beneath them. 

The wilds of the underhill are a dangerous place, and even banded together unlucky pheasants could be wiped out within an hour. 

"Do you like it here?" I ask. 

She shrugs. "It is a life, a better life than the one my mother and father were cursed to live. And one that will enable a better life for my children."

Elfkind children of servants are raised to be servants and hence run very little risk of being banished into the wilds again. 

"I see...." We reach the bottom of the staircase and she turns down a side corridor. I follow.

"What of thou?" She asks. "I know that thou chose to leave thy family, and that thy family were powerful, but milady did not inform me of more."

I sigh. "My family suffered an unfortunate tragedy, one that was rapidly going to place me in a position where I would cause more damage than good." 

"Oh?" She asks, turning down a flight of stairs.

"I was the going to be the heir to the Canterdon family, and I was not fit to be." I say, keeping up with her brisk pace easily. "My elder brother was on the verge of death, and it would simply be better for Father to start with a new slate and train my younger brother."

"So your father ordered you to do this?" Fidelma asks, walking down a long tunnel with an open door at the end of it. 

"No." I say, my throat drying up. "I made this choice."

"So thou left thy younger brother to a fate you couldn't face?" Fidelma says, I can't read her tone.

"I..." I stop. 

She turns to look at me, raising an eyebrow.

"Thou need not justify thyself to one such as me." She says, regarding me with a steady gaze. "I am but a servant."

She then turns and keeps walking.

I hurry after her. 

"I don't want to run my family into the ground." I say, my tone sounding a little pleading, even to me.

"I am sure." Fidelma responds, her tone a servant's neutral as she leads me through the door and I see the room within.

It's like a combination between a massive clothing store and a medieval armory, I can see places where elfkind are being fitted for costumes ranging from leather armor to court gowns, as always with Elfkind, or possibly just Seelie Elfkind they are not shy about their bodies, and I can't help but stare a bit.

Fidelma leads to a dressing station near the door.

"Alright, take them off." She gestures at the briefs in a business like manner.

I blush. "Do I really have to? Here?"

"There is no better place." Her tone is professional. "And of course, how am I supposed to measure you for new ones with those on?"

"Uh..." I sigh, a blush covering my face and neck. Then I quickly pull the briefs off and stand, trying to resist the urge to cover myself.

"Well done." Fidelma says, "Now, get up on the pedestal and let's get this over with."

I obey, standing on the pedestal, tense, with my cock standing to full attention.

She smiles and starts taking measurements, not being shy about... Anywhere.

She measures what seems to be every square inch of my body, from the length of my feet, to the size of my crotch, my ass, my chest, everything is carefully measured and written down as I stand, blushing and naked in front of a number of bored Elfkind receiving the same treatment. I notice a fair number of them unashamedly checking each other and me out, eyes running up and down bodies. What makes me squirm a bit is when a male elfkind does this, his eyes drifting leisurely up my body and then back down again to stare at my crotch.

The man is tall, with a slim, muscular build, his hair is long and a silvery blonde with twin antlers sticking out the sides of his head, his eyes are pitch black and his arms end in almost claw like hands, he is naked but for feathered shoulder pauldrons, his cock erect in the air, standing out over a forest of silvery blonde pubic hair and large balls, I didn't really look at it long enough to guess its size his chest seems to have been shaved. His eyes are almost human looking, slanted, giving him an almost oriental appearance despite the pale skin and blonde hair, and he has a slight beard, wispy and well trimmed. 

I tear my gaze away from him, willing myself not to think about whatever it is he's thinking about, not that I don't know, I just really don't want to think about it. 

I spend the next half an hour like that, determinedly looking anywhere but at that Elfkind, or any others doing the same.

Two women were doing the same, and I have to say, them I don't really mind looking at as Fidelma began to fit me with a cloak and some leather armor. 

It wasn't very long before the male elfkind strode over, pulling on what seems to be a bathrobe that somehow fails to hide anything, at this distance I can clearly see his cock bouncing, it has to be about eight inches and about an inch thick, I quickly avert my eyes. 

"So you're Lady Morgain's new... find." He says, his tone is irish and a little husky.

"Yeah." I say, calmly. Looking at him and trying to remain dignified as I feel Fidelma remeasuring my crotch. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you." He says, placing the emphasis on the term pleasure, much to my discomfort. "I am Lyng of house Ardata, servant and knight of the Lady."

I nod at him, keeping my tone polite. "I am the mage Cade, formerly of the magi House Canterdon, Vassal of Lady Morgain."

"Of course I remember you." Lyng says, "You are rather difficult to forget, I feel."

"I guess..." I say, trying not to look at him or think about the location he is currently examining.

"Of course it's true!" Lyng laughs. "Look at yourself. So I understand her ladyship has put Selene, Egen and Indirel in charge of your training."

I nod. "Yeah."

"A shame." Lyng says, his tone regretful. "I feel I could have taught you a thing or two, perhaps I still can."

"Perhaps..." I say, tone wary as I search for a way out of this.

"Sadly my time is currently limited." Lyng says. "But I am sure we will meet again, Cade."

I nod, not knowing what to do. 

"Farewell." The Elfkind knight turns and leaves.

I sigh deeply as Fidelma fetches leather pauldrons and a breastplate to go with my cloak and my pair of gray silk pants.

"Thou will grow used to that sort of thing." Fidelma says, her tone sympathetic. 

"It's not like I haven't been hit on before." I reply. "It's just never..."

"When they could clearly see your fully erect manhood several feet away from their face?" Fidelma asks, clearly trying not to laugh.

I sigh. "Yes, that exactly." 

"If its any consolation I doubt anything will come of that." She says. "Unless he really pushes things."

"That's reassuring... I guess..." I say, shifting uncomfortably as she helps me pull on my new clothes. 

We finish quickly and then she helps me down from the pedestal. 

"Now, it's time for thou to head up to court. You will be beside Lady Morgain again." She says. 

"Thank you." I turn and start to walk back towards the door.

"And, Lord Cade?" She asks.

"Yes?" I look at her. 

"They will be testing you. In more ways than one. Be on guard." With that Fidelma turns and walks away, disappearing among the clothing racks.

I sigh.

"Great."