 “Those jerks!” I kept muttering to myself as I walked through the nippy air. Up until about 15 minutes ago I’d been having a wonderful time at the bars with my friends. I couldn’t but help sneer at the mention of the word “friends”. The air was cold and I hugged my arms tight over my chest as I walked along the path that followed the river, it would lead me pretty close to home and a hot shower on a late October night. My friends, once again the sneer, had left me at the bar as they wondered off to another, being too drunk to realize that perhaps the number in their party had in fact been shortened by one; myself. 

I puffed out a sigh and watched the cold plume of air hang for a moment in the air before disappearing. My boots clicked on the walk way as I walked at a rather fast pace, trying to stay warm. Riding in a car was a lot warmer than walking in the middle of the night and I regretted not having a coat with me, being dressed in a black bell sleeved shirt and a knee length skirt of black with maroon lace overlay. I wore fishnet stockings with a garter belt just for fun tonight with the new knee high black boots that were currently clicking along the path.

My mind was still whirling with so many thoughts of what I’d do to get back at my friends that I didn’t notice the noise behind me at first. In fact I might have even shrugged it off due to the fact I was enjoying my evil thoughts. I stopped suddenly and scowled, blew out another sigh of frustration and then sadness wash over me. What if they hadn’t accidentally left me? What if they did it on purpose? The thoughts hit me like a ton of bricks and I sat down on the bench on the side of the trail. Again the sigh puffed out into the night. 

“You really should have a coat on…you might catch your death in chill," the words came out of nowhere and startled me something fierce and causing me to jump something like three feet up. I looked up at the source of the words and saw nothing but a shadow with a glowing ember, the smell of clove teasing my nose. 

Stupid stupid stupid, I thought to myself as I now found myself seated on a bench in the middle of the night, in the middle of no where with a smoking stranger about 4 feet away from me. 

“I apologize, I did not realize that you were mute as well,” I could hear amusement in his voice as I saw the glow from the cigarette brighten as he took a drag, and slowly exhaled before stepping out of the shadows provided by the trees. 

I caught my breath as I recognized the same guy from the bars earlier. He’d always been in the corner of my eye, seemingly always watching but never approaching, much to my secret disappointment. The sound of a throat clearing brought me back to my present predicament and I looked up into two piercing green eyes. 

“I’m fine, really. It’s not that cold,” I finally said, suppressing a shiver at either the cold or my nervousness. His grin told me that he knew otherwise. 

“Is this the part where I hand over my purse now?” I asked quietly, still captured by the gaze of the green eyes. The man had shoulder length black hair that was combed back neatly from his pale face. My eyes roamed over his body taking in the black boots and jeans and working up to the tucked-in navy blue t-shirt with a black over shirt, all under a semi long black leather coat. He watched me look him over while taking another drag from the cigarette, an amused look upon his face. 

“Well I normally don’t make a habit of robbing lovely young women in the middle of the night, but if you really would like me to I could manage something I’m sure,” he replied with a smirk. 

“Oh,” came my reply, feeling somewhat relieved but foolish at the same time, “Why are you here?” 

“I happen to like walking the trail during the night, no joggers, no roller-bladers, just serenity and the stars,” he said drawing closer and dropping the cigarette butt to snuff out under his boot. I watched his fluid movements before it dawned on me that he was holding his arm out like a proper gentleman. I looked up into his face and saw a kind smile and decided against my better judgment. 

I stood up and placed my hand tentatively on his leather-clad arm. His cool hand slid over mine and I couldn’t hide the shiver that slipped over my body, somehow I was certain that it wasn’t due to the cold. My escort mistook the cause of the shiver and paused to shed his jacket and held it behind me, waiting till I slid my arms into the coat. He then again took my arm gently and we continued to walk along the path. My thoughts wondered about the strange man and how I actually liked wearing his coat, it smelled like rich leather, cloves and aftershave. 

“…your friends,” his words broke into my thoughts. 

“Hmmm?” I asked looking up to him.

“I said they’re not very bright, your friends,” He replied as we continued to walk along.

“You saw us tonight?” It was more of a statement than a question. He nodded his reply with a slight glance down at me.

“Maybe they’re just tired of hearing me whine I guess. Maybe if I was in their shoes I would have left me behind too,” I continued quietly, my eyes cast down upon the path we were walking on. 

“Why would you say something like that?” he asked me.

“My boyfriend left a few months back,” I said quietly, “He left a note saying that of course it wasn’t my fault but he needed to move on and that I wasn’t welcome to go with him.” 

My companion didn’t say anything but shook his head in disbelief as we continued to walk on. 

Now it was my turn to ask a question. “How come you didn’t say hello all night before now?” I asked as I looked up at his face. He looked down into my face and a smile crept across his lips, “I guess you could say that I’m a patient person. I know that something valuable shouldn’t be handled cheaply.” 

I could feel the blush creep over my cheeks, coloring them as I looked back down at the ground. I heard his soft chuckle as he pulled me to a stop under one of the lampposts. With a gentle finger he lifted my chin and brushed his lips across mine, they were cool and I could smell the faint scent of his clove cigarettes. I closed my eyes wondering to myself what the hell I was doing but leaned into the kiss anyways. It felt so right and after Doug leaving me, I was hungry for the attention. His hands cupped my face gently as I slid mine up his sides and around his back. I stifled a moan as the kiss ended and we parted, I opened up my eyes to look up into his for a moment before resuming my blush. 

“That looks good on you sweets,” He murmured as he looked down at me with something in his eyes. 

I involuntarily took a step back and was promptly stopped by the lamppost as he stepped forward, keeping minimal distance between us. He brought his hand up and let his fingers drift across my cheek and back into my dark hair. Something was wrong here but my body didn’t care in the least as he pressed closer and placed his other hand upon my waist. I brought my hands up to his chest, hoping to keep some space between us but felt his body press against mine, trapping me between him and the lamppost. 

He brought his lips down against mine again, but this time with was more passion, more urgency. My mouth surrendered to his as I felt his tongue dance with mine. My mind screamed at me for doing this but I wasn’t listening for some reason. His hand rested on the back of my neck while his other trailed up my side to cup my breast, thumb running over my nipple, teasing it with his touch. I couldn’t hold back the moan that seeped out this time and heard some voice inside call me a traitor but I had already quit listening to it. 

He pulled back a bit and slid up my shirt slowly, exposing my skin to the cold October air. He then leaned down and lightly nibbled the tops of my breasts above the lace of my bra. I closed my eyes and let out a breath that I seemed to have been holding. He moved his hands down to cup both breasts, hooking his thumbs in the red lace and pulling it down, freeing my pierced nipples before leaning down and nipping at them, teasing them to stand for him. I leaned my head against the lamppost and closed my eyes as I gave myself over to the sensations his lips were causing. 

He stood up and again pressed his lips tightly against mine, tongue demanding entrance to my mouth as his hands moved over my body. My hard nipples were pressed against his chest as he crushed his kiss into me and I gladly accepted it. One hand pressed against the small of my back as his other slipped under my skirt and up along my thigh, finding the top of my stockings and paying with the garter that held them in place.

My hand pulled out the tucked in t-shirt and sought out the skin under it, cool to my touch undoubtedly from the night air. I raked my nails lightly across his chest and over his nipples, toying with them as he did with mine. His body responded by pressing harder to mine and I gladly accepted it with a groan. 

I jumped as his fingers brushed my underwear-covered mound. My eyes opening in slight surprise only to see his intense gaze devouring my face, and he paused.

I could barely manage the whisper that passed over my lips, “Please?”

As soon as the words barely left my lips his hand grasped at thin material and roughly yanked it away, the delicate lace briefly biting into my skin before giving way under his strength. I opened my lips to scream but his hand was over my mouth, muffling it into a mere moan. My eyes were wide open now as I tried to push him away with out much avail. Either he was unnaturally strong or my body didn’t want to push him away but made the motions to appease my mind. 

His hand still covered my mouth as his lips once again sought out my nipples. His other fingers played lightly over the soft bare lips under my skirt. I moaned into his hand and closed my eyes again as my legs involuntarily spread a bit, allowing him greater access. His finger teased the folds before dipping in a bit to run the length of my slit. 

He straightened up and brought his lips to my ear, softly whispering to me, “I see you don’t mind as much as you seem to let on.”

I blushed deeper and whimpered with embarrassment as knew what he was talking about; how wet I was now. 

“Shhhh,” he whispered into my ear, teasing it with the caress of his lips, “Nothing to be embarrassed about sweets.”

I shivered as his fingers again brushed over my slit, thumb seeking out my clit and rubbing soft circles around it as I writhed against him. Slowly I felt his finger slide inside and my muscles clenched at him as I inhaled a breath. He continued to push his finger in and out as his thumb continued to circle my clit, pulling out whimpers from my still covered mouth. 

My hands slid around his body under his shirt and pulled him closer as he removed his hand from my lips and replaced it with his hungry mouth. Our kiss was fierce as his fingers pulled free from my wet tunnel. I could feel him undoing the button on his jeans but he wasn’t fast enough, my hands took over the task, hurriedly pulling on the button and dragging down the zipper on his jeans. His hands moved back to my breasts, tugging on my nipple rings and kneading my flesh. I had him free from his jeans in but a few moments, holding him in my hands, fingers brushing over his length and watching him lean his head back a bit in pleasure. 

He pulled up my skirt as I guided him to my entrance, his head pressing against me, eager to push inside. My hands moved up to his neck as he slid his hands under my rear and lifted me up against the lamppost, my legs wrapped about his waist as he thrust in causing me to gasp for air, eyes wide. I captured his lips with mine as he thrust against me, my body bouncing against him as my nipples rubbed against his chest. I leaned my head back as he thrust in, filling me over and over with his length, my arms still wrapped about his neck. 

I moaned into the night air, my breath visible still with each exhale of air into the cold night that was quickly heating up for me. I rocked my hips as much as I could, wanting to feel more and more of him as he thrust.

“Faster,” I gasped as my body felt tingly and hot against him. He complied and thrust up into me with urgency, whispering into my ear, “Give yourself to me, cum for me, please me.”

My nails dug into his back as I came close to cumming, his breath on my ear driving me wild as my moans started out soft but quickly climbed as I felt the orgasm wash over my body. I screamed my lust into the night, not caring if I was heard, lost in his touch and breath upon my neck. 

I never saw his face change or the growth of fangs occur until I felt them scrape across my neck and then bite down into my flesh as I rode him, pressed against the lamppost as he drank deeply. The waves of orgasm softened as he pulled his teeth out and I closed my eyes in bliss. 

We were snuggled together closely as we walked up to my front stairs and stopped at the door. I turned to look at him, gazing up into his mischievous green eyes as he regarded me. 

“We keep doing this and I’m going to run out of underwear,” I scolded him with a grin. 

“Sweets, if you wouldn’t wear that stuff in the first place then we wouldn’t have to worry about it,” he laughed as he leaned down and nuzzled my neck next to his bite marks, “What did your friends say when you asked to be left at the bar?”

“They rolled their eyes at me, saying we were weird,” I giggled back at him, encased in his arms. 

“I wouldn’t trade our games for anything in the world, sweets,” he replied smiling down at me.

I turned to open my door and stepped inside, looking back at him expectantly as he stood still on the other side of my door.

“Since when have you needed an invitation to come in?” I asked with a smirk.

“Not since the first time I brought you home sweets,” came his reply as he then chased me into the house and up the stairs to the bedroom with a grin that promised lots more to come.