 Jennifer looked at the non-descript suburban office building as she pulled her beat up old Ford into the parking lot. It was a dull box that could have been off any interstate in North America. This one, however, housed the Flynn institute for sexual research. It was little known that the man who made millions from on-line porn had funded this institute to study how to increase sexual pleasure, and in turn how he could patent the resulting products and sell them for even more money.

Jennifer had volunteered to be a study subject mostly because she needed the money to replace that beat up old Ford she was driving. She did not feel particularly sexy, even though, as a personal trainer, she exercised and kept in good shape for her age. She had just not been financially or emotionally prepared for the divorce. She got asked out lots, often by much younger men, but had not taken any of them up on the offers. As a result, she fell into the exact category the institute was looking for... or, as she thought of it, divorced middle aged women with better relationships with battery powered devices then men.

That did not stop her from showing off the body she worked so hard to keep. She wore slacks that, when coupled with the 3 inch heels she wore, showed off her near perfect butt. She had recently gotten into teasing a bit, so she wore a lower cut blouse with her Victoria's Secret push up bra, to show that she still had solid, firm C cup breasts. 

Her past visits to the institute had been to determine her suitability. They had paid her $25 to fill out surveys on her sex life, where she enjoyed being stimulated, what thoughts and images turned her on or off and so on. She had described her fantasies in detail, her ideal man (big, strong and smart), her ideal sexual situations (liked to be teased). And her most profound sexual experiences. 

Today Jennifer would be hooked into the institutes test equipment to take measurements. For this, the institute would pay $1000 per day. The woman who called also guaranteed "a very wild ride" with a smirk you could hear over the phone. She did not care. The money plus the trade in on her clunker Ford would get her a new car. That was what she needed.

The receptionist smiled in greeting and shoed Jennifer into a room. It was, she thought, like a very comfortable bed room, except the walls were lined with what looked like medical monitoring devices and there was what appeared to be a one way viewing mirror for the test. A cool medical assistant entered, had her remove everything but her bra and panties, instructed Jennifer to get into a comfortable position on the bed, then began to hook Jennifer up to various monitoring devices. These ranged from the mundane (pulse and respiration) to the unusual (a device for measuring vaginal secretions). Finally a device with many wires was fitted to her head. The device covered Jennifer's eyes, and ears and was fitted with a device that covered her mouth but allowed her to breath. The technician left the room then her disembodied voice came over a speaker.

"Jennifer?" "Yes?"

"We'll be starting the test soon, but I need to calibrate some instruments, ok? If you feel uncomfortable at all, just tell me to stop."

"OK"

Jennifer closed her eyes and licked her lips. "Here goes" she thought.

After some relaxation exercises the technician told Jennifer to imagine many sexual situations.

"Remember your first orgasm please" Jennifer focused on a masturbation session in high school that had left her panting and her sheets drenched in sweat.

"Remember your last orgasms please." Easy. That was two days ago after some fresh batteries helped her vibrator along.

"Remember the most erotic things you have ever done, please" A series of images flashed through Jennifer's mind – several sessions where she had been completely under a man's control, being teased with feathers, fingers sex toys and tongues came to her mind. These always produced mind blowing orgasms. Also she thought of having sex on the desk of her ex-husband's office during lunch hour; having sex in the gym locker room with that stud from the baseball team during college; the one time she had been unfaithful, picking up a business man in a hotel while on a business trip and getting so hot she did him in the elevator before getting to her room – one of the few times she had had multiple orgasms; a slightly drunken wet t-shirt contest she had entered at a vacation her friends took her on the "celebrate" her divorce, and the subsequent red-hot sex she had afterwards – the only time she had been with a man since the break up. 

"Now picture your ideal man." Jennifer put together a composite of what she liked about every man she knew. The smell of John and his Aqua di Gio cologne; Michael's powerful back; Simon's handsome face and incredible intelligence.

"OK, we will start. Yu may feel slightly disoriented at first but it will pass."

Jennifer waited. Then, without understanding how, she was lying on the bed without the instruments attached any longer, but she could not move. A new technician, this one a man, entered the room. The man looked slightly familiar. His eyes were the same as the guy from the hotel, whose brown eyes had melted her so fast she did him in the elevator. His smile and chin were the same as Simon, one of her clients who was the occasional source of a battery powered fantasy. He wore a tight t-shirt under a lab coat, showing the muscular power she loved in a man. 

"Hello" he smiled. "I am Michael. I am here to continue your tests. Is that ok?"

"Yes."

"Good" Michael wheeled over a cart with numerous objects. "I will be testing your reaction to each of these objects for our study. I want you to tell me how they each feel. Do you mind if I play some music?"

"Go ahead."

Michael switched on Miles Davis, Jennifer's favorite. This man was something. Handsome, strong and smart. A scientist with good taste in music. Jennifer's ideal man it seemed. She sighed.

"Something wrong?" asked Michael.

"No just a thought" said Jennifer.

"Ok" Michael took a feather and began to caress Jennifer's calves, her thighs her stomach and the tops of her breasts. "How is that?"

"Very nice." Jennifer purred. 

"Good" Next came a set of leather tongs that were gently caressed across the same areas. 

"Even better" Jennifer said.

"How would you rate your arousal, on a scale of 1 to 10?"

"A four right now"

"Really? Do you want to proceed?"

"OOO yes"

Michael exposed Jennifer's nipples and began to caress each, one with the feather and one with the leather. Jennifer let out a small gasp at the feeling and licked her lips.

"I will continue until you tell me to stop" said Michael.

"Yes please. " Jennifer said in a half moan. "Please do more"

Michael moved his face close to her ears and blew into them. Jennifer caught the whiff of Aqua di Gio. A thought passed through her.. "this is too perfect" and was gone as she focused on the pleasure she felt. 

The feather passed down to caress her inner thighs, followed by the whip. Jennifer moved her hips to try to get contact with her pussy, which was now aching to be touched, but the two items were expertly kept just out of range. 

"Please give me more" she gasped.

"We want the study to be valid" Michael smiled.

With exquisite gentleness, Michael began to lick, then bite Jennifer's nipples. Jennifer moaned.

"Should I stop?"

"NO! I want more!" moaned Jennifer.

Michael kissed and licked his way to her mouth, kissing her deeply. Their tongues merged, then he slowly moved his mouth down to the right nipple, biting and licking, then to the left, teasing her more. At the same time, he had somehow removed her panties and the feather was caressing the lips of Jennifer's vagina. 

Michael continued to concentrate his mouth on her breast while his hand caressed Jennifer's buns, then parted her vaginal lips, caressing her clit ever so gently. Jennifer pushed her hips up in an effort to get more but Michael moved away then continued his teasing. 

"More please. Harder please" she moaned

"All in good time" said Michael. .

Michael kissed down her stomach as he teased her clit with his hand, then licked the outer lips of her vagina as his finger slid into her wetness. 

"O GOD THAT IS GOOD!" she moaned.

"On a scale of 1 to 10 how aroused are you?" Jennifer heard him ask as if from far away.

"11!"

"Good" she heard.

Michaels tongue began to tease a bit faster and his fingers curled up and hit her G-spot exactly. Waves of pleasure engulfed Jennifer. Sex had never been so good. It was as if all her dreams and fantasies were coming true.

"That will make me cum." She warned him.

"Good." He replied.

The orgasm was building and would be a big one Jennifer knew. She thrust her hips into his face moaning in ecstasy as the waves of pleasure crashed over her entire body. She came with a shudder, then suddenly felt something she had not felt in years, a second orgasm building.

"O GOD! O GOD!" she yelled as the second, more powerful surge of pleasure jolted up her spine.

As if leaping through time, Michael was naked and on top of her, his hardness filling her as he pumped into her. She gasped and moaned with pleasure as she fucked him and then, as if by some miracle, she came again. This one was not as intense, but somehow warmer and satisfying.

Again it was as if time had not passed. She kneeled across the bead with a vibrator massing her clit as she sucked and teased Michael's cock. Again the wave of pleasure overwhelmed her as she came. She straddled Michael and rode his cock while he kissed and sucked her tits. Again she waves of pleasure engulfed her and it was as it she passed through time. This time she had Michael's cock between her tits, giving him a reward she only gave to the few who had really pleased her. He fucked her tits while she licked the head of his cock when it showed itself teasing him to orgasm. He came with a big shudder, spewing his cum on her tits. She smiled up at him. 

"I have no idea what you did. But that was the best sex I have ever had."

"Thank you" Michael's lips moved, but the voice was that of the female technician who had set her up. Suddenly Jennifer was back on the bed, with all of the instruments hooked up to her, as if nothing had happened.

"You see," said the technician. "The device you are wearing can read some of your most intense sexual thoughts. All the device does is allow you to realize all your fantasies in a completely safe manner.  The best sex is always in our own heads. This one is now calibrated for you. Would you like to bring it home so you can test it further?"

"O yes" said Jennifer with a lecherous smile.