 Gene Therapy - Dose 02 (Clinical Trial)

Log 01 - Preface

So I got the beginning of my story out of the way in the first chapter (Dose). It's mostly about the accident, and while everyone is intensely interested in what's going on with their own bodies, that's rarely the case for internet strangers. Paragraphs of "I felt like this today," "my body did this strange thing," or "my dick grew 2 millimeters today" gets old pretty damned fast. Even for me, and I'm the one it happened to. 

I didn't want to spend too long on it, so I sped it up considerably, and rearranged the order from what really happened. The best part about writing an autobiography anonymously on the internet is that you can do whatever the hell you want. Heck, most people reading this won't even care if it's true or if I even exist. That's fine. When we get to more recent times, I think you'll understand my need for anonymity and a place to just 'get everything out there,' so to speak. 

Obviously, the changes in the last chapter didn't happen over the course of a week. That'd just be ridiculous. It took about 3 months before I was done changing, and I was a mess of anxiety and fear most of the time. On top of my perfectly reasonable worry, my hormones were fluctuating wildly, causing all sorts of mood issues. I ran a lot of tests on myself, one of the benefits of working at a major university and basically already doing these tests on animals as part of my research. I kept track of all the standard sex steroids: Gonadotropin, Dehydroepiandroste, 5α-dihydrotestosterone, Androsterone, Androstenedione, Estradiol, Progesterone, and of course Testosterone. 

Hi, I'm Dr. David Zephyr, and I'm a molecular geneticist. (This is not my real name, obviously.) I was an associate professor, teaching a couple graduate courses and working on my research. Publish or die, and just as today, it's pretty damned tough to get tenure if you aren't also making a name for yourself in the field. It's too easy to hire adjuncts compared to keeping a large staff of tenure-track. Early in my career, I was part of the team that discovered the effect of the 5α reductase type II gene. There's a mutation of this gene that causes a 5α reductase deficiency, which is congenital and causes an intersex condition. It's rare, mostly found in places like Turkey and the Dominican Republic. Not enough to make me famous or anything, but did help jumpstart my career.

Obviously, I had a friend take some biopsies, and sequenced my new genes. It's not as helpful as you'd think, but it did give me some insight. Genetics is complicated. That was an understatement. Gene interactions, epigenetics, (which is real, but probably different from what you understand based on science news articles) and even the way that your genetic material folds inside the chromosomes all have an effect on how your genes are expressed. While I did have several sample gene sequences for myself, I didn't have the large population to get statistical confirmation. Normally if you have say two variations of gene X, you examine the two populations that have each variation and find out the changes it causes based on what's different between the groups. That's simplified, but explains what I mean, there was nobody to compare myself to because there had been too many additions.

Early on during this, I just wanted to move on with my life. There is no cure for an accident like mine, so I was monitoring myself. I wanted to keep my career, and live my life. I had worked too hard to just throw it all away. Fortunately my changes were scientifically fascinating, which was probably the only thing that kept me from self-destructing. Later on, as I realized how much pleasure and power these changes gave me, my life began to change for the better. That's the interesting part of my story, and that's what I'll try to stick to. 

Log 02 - Becoming a Womb-Seeking Shark

It's useful to go over some of the consequences of my accidental gene therapy. I'll share what I had discovered by about this point in the story, which is a bit less than a month after my 'metamorphosis' had concluded. Some things I learned afterward, but it's easier to get it all over with right now. No particular order, it's just easier to list than try to explain in story format. "I thought about issue X for 3 days, running tests on Y, and discovered how it affected a small part of result Z" is boring. We're not here to read my "unpublished research papers." In fact, I'd take entire books to go over everything, instead of this limited space. Instead, I'll list some facts, and give some brief explanation. This is still dry, so skip it if you wish. It all boils down to me being unnaturally good at impregnating women.

> Genitals:

Penile Length: 8.45 inches

Penile Diameter (average): 2.6 inches

Penile Circumference (largest): 8.35 inches

Penile Circumference (smallest): 7.80 inches

Penile Circumference (average): 8.16 inches

Glans Circumference (largest): 8.48 inches

Penile Spongiform Tissue is apx 50% denser, the non-erect state is larger and less flexible. Blood volume and pressure required for erection is correspondingly reduced.

Testes Mass (combined): apx 325 grams (about 0.72 lbs)

Testes Volume (individual): apx 95 cc

Testes Height: 5 cm (2 inches)

Testes Width: 3.5 cm (1.4 inches)

Testes Length: 9 cm (3.5 inches)

Prostate Volume: apx 165 cc (non-characteristic shape, changing volume)

> Seminal Fluid

The pre-ejaculatory fluid from the cowper glands and prostate contain a few additional organic chemicals when compared to standard fluid. One is a nitride-type organic molecule of undetermined composition. (Advanced chemistry work is outside my abilities.) I believe this chemical causes dilation of the cervix due to some characteristic similarities to existing medication used for the same purpose. There two complex proteins and 1 other organic molecule. It is uncertain what they do, if anything. They are suspected to cause, or play a part in, the perceived good taste of the substance, along with the increase in arousal and instinctual urges.

Ejaculate Volume: between 80 and 100 cc

Seminal fluid itself remains largely similar to standard fluid. The PH is more base with a PH of 8.5, but this does not seem to be harmful to the sperm. I suspect this makes the fluid more effective at countering the acidity of the female genital environment. The fluid also contains numerous additional organic molecules. There are too many to isolate the effects of each, or the combination. One effect is to counteract the dilation of the cervix caused by the other chemical, one may neutralize the dilating chemical while another promotes contraction. It is known that once exposed to my semen vaginally, the dilation chemical seems to have no effect for many hours. Some chemicals, combined with the Y chromosome gametes seem to interface with the female immune system, but the effect is unknown. It is probably to prevent the female immune system from attacking the sperm cells. 

A couple chemicals seem to be non-standard signalling proteins that causes release of a few neurotransmitters, particularly oxytocin, which is linked to human bonding. There are female sex hormones and signaling proteins which seem to have a strong chance of inducing ovulation in women during a broad portion of a woman's cycle. This likely circumvents hormonal birth control, though only during the initial insemination. A final chemical or set of chemicals induces female orgasm. There are documented cases of other chemicals, both manmade and natural, that induce orgasm in human women. Orgasm intensity and duration seems to be based on the dosage. A pharmaceutical company would probably love to tear me apart to patent whatever it is. "Orgasmatol - Ask your doctor!" 

> Spermatozoa

Average Sperm Cells in Single 90cc Ejaculation: 1.8 Billion

There have been several changes to my sperm cells. I don't want to go into the complexities of the subject here. I can only have female children, as the male gametes appear to serve a non-fertilization function. The entire purpose of these Y chromosome gametes are not known, but it is known that they play some sort of role in aiding the XX chromosome spermatozoa, are very effective at killing competing spermatozoa, and will also attack and kill bacteria, acting as a limited antibacterial agent. The XX chromosome spermatozoa serve a standard function, but have some changes that seem to aid their survival and effectiveness. Both kinds of spermatozoa cells seem to go dormant after a certain amount of time based on their chemical environment. Testing indicates that rapid changes in hormone levels indicating ovulation reawakens these sperm cells. There is precedent for this in the animal kingdom, particularly in lower-order species and insects. 

I conducted tests using a simulated fallopian tube environment to determine the lifespan of my sperm cells. These tests were by no means perfect, and the long-term viability test was interrupted so the upper limits of survivability were not tested. In tests of dormancy and reactivation, a small percentage of sperm did not reawaken, around 1 to 2% depending on the duration since the previous active period. a percentage of sperm cells that awoke did not return to dormancy, reducing the population. This rate seems to also be based on the age of the sample, and the frequency and duration of active periods. In the trial with a simulated female menstrual cycle, over 87% were still viable after 7 months. Estimated number for 12 months is 72% and 24 months is 34%. This assumes that fertilization never occurs, as that would reduce the number of reactivation cycles. 

There was no female immune system simulated in the environment, but in other tests the female immune system did not attack my sperm cells. I suspect the immune system would attack my sperm cells after they no longer recognize them, probably between 3 to 6 years, though this is only an educated guess. Based on these tests, it is very possible that multiple pregnancies could occur from a single insemination. Assuming only a small portion of sperm cells take residence in the ovarian space and fallopian tubes, 28% surviving would mean 150 million viable sperm cells. At least theoretically, it is quite possible for three full-term pregnancies to occur from just one insemination.

> Pheromones

There seem to be two active pheromone groups being produced in a "stuck-on" condition. Pheromone production in other species is typically controlled by health, environment, and social status. My production seems to be fairly constant. 

The first is what I've termed my Alpha Pheromones. They have a similar effect to pheromones used in social animal groups, by the group leader. Individuals producing these pheromones are typically unaffected by those produced by others, which allows challenging for alpha position. These pheromones seem to promote submission and friendliness in other humans, engendered feelings of friendship and trust. In women, the effect extends to drastically increasing my desirability as a sexual partner. In both sexes, these pheromones will put them into a sort of temporary semi-hypnotic state, making them extremely susceptible to suggestion. The power of suggestion is limited in the standard ways associated with hypnosis, but it is is still quite useful. Because humans no longer produce these pheromones, virtually everyone is affected by them.

The second pheromones I term my Arousal Pheromones. These act to trigger strong sexual arousal in the opposite gender, and promote a desire for breeding. Because of the lack of exposure, most women are strongly affected; they have not learned coping and mate selection behaviors that allow them much self control. Over time, the effect of these hormones on an individual seems to wane somewhat, though they remain somewhat effective in Alice, the female with the most exposure. She still becomes aroused, but maintains self control instead of becoming temporarily obsessed with having sex.

----- Now that that's out of the way, I won't need to repeat it or spend much time describing it. we can start the story -----

Log 03 - There Are More Fish in the Sea (to Knock Up)

Life went on, and I continued in my position at the university. I became quite popular, I was well-liked by both the staff and the students. Because I didn't work directly with very many people, I was able to control the situation somewhat. I wasn't forced into a situation where the effects of my pheromones would be noticed. They did give me a lot of leeway, however. I almost completely stopped my prior research and focused on my own changes. I had a vague notion that perhaps I could use my research to enhance my career, though it was mostly my own curiosity that drove me.

It wasn't long before Alice discovered that she was pregnant, having missed her period. What would normally be devastating for a student who had to start buckling down on their thesis research, was a joy to her. She was elated, and didn't seem to care at all that the pregnancy was coming in the middle of an important time for her. By the time she realized she was pregnant, we had already become de facto lovers. She spent more nights at my place than her own. I had already found her personality agreeable, I found her very attractive, and it was enjoyable to spend time with her. I wouldn't say that I loved her, but I did care about her and enjoyed our time together. At that point I could see it becoming love, but there had been too much going on for me to develop those strong feeling yet.

At one point, mostly out of guilt, I brought up the possibility of an abortion. It was one of the few times Alice has ever gotten angry at me. Fortunately, her anger was brief. I told her that I personally wanted her to bear my child, but had merely been thinking of her. That smoothed things over, and we were soon fucking passionately to her moan-distorted cries that she wanted as many of my babies as I'd give her. That of course was fine by me, making babies seemed to me to be the best thing to do anyway.

For her part, she seemed deeply in love. I don't know what part, or how much of it was the pheromones, but I doubt even my ex wife had ever loved me that deeply. She loved me for who I was, and always wanted to be with me or underneath me. Despite this, she managed to avoid becoming needy, probably part of the pheromonal influence. Whatever I did was okay, except for things involving her having children, like the abortion conversation. She didn't even seem jealous once she knew she was pregnant. Making things easy for her was a breeze now that I could influence faculty at will. I insisted that she continue her education.

Even though I had Alice, I also had a strong urge to mate. Breeding became something of a fetish overnight. It didn't stop me from enjoying Alice's body, but once we knew she was pregnant the urge got stronger. Once I learned just how fertile I was, the urge only intensified. I knew i could no longer be satisfied sleeping with a single woman until she was confirmed pregnant. This was simply because pregnancy was so close to certain in a woman--who is capable of having children--that multiple encounters would be a waste; I could be impregnating a different woman.

At this early stage, I have to admit that I wasn't overly concerned with the consequences of a woman bearing my children alone. It didn't help that the women I eventually encountered seemed to want it, easing my conscience. I am somewhat ashamed of myself for my lack of concern, I hadn't considered any ideas or plans to help my children and their mothers at that point. The desire was too pent up, and it was only after I adjusted to the urges that I became more compassionate about it. I also hadn't considered the possibility of successive pregnancies at that point, which could cause some problems, not to mention questions being asked about me.

Log 04 - Testing the Waters

My mounting desire to impregnate, and my persistent curiosity about how easy it would be to seduce a woman, soon led to my first fishing expedition. I decided to start on a Wednesday night. I dressed nice but casually, and headed to one of the numerous bars found in any college town. This time of the week, there would still be plenty of fish to choose from, but I could do so without big crowds or too much notice. (I think this fish metaphor has gone on long enough, no more, I promise.) Faculty would occasionally stop at a local bar for a drink during the week, I had myself a few times, but during the weekend most were the exclusive territory of the students.

Walking in and sitting down at the bar, nothing was immediately out of the ordinary. I passed a few coeds on my to a stool, and their initial head-turns of curiosity were replaced by covert glances of interest. I ordered a bottle of craft beer from the bartender, these places usually only had factory beer on tap. I could hear a group of three girls giggling around their drinks at the other end of the bar. I seemed to be the topic of their conversation, because I had finished paying and was just taking the first sip of my beer when one of them started to walk over. Seems she was the chosen one, the other two were watching her approach with curiosity. This was pretty fun, in the past I was usually the one that had to walk up to the girls. 

As she walked over, I turned and looked her way instead of watching out of the corner of my eye. At this point it wouldn't hurt to get a good look at her. She was young, probably old enough to drink. She had blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail, and was wearing some comfortable-looking casual clothes. She didn't seem to have been looking to meet a man, but her friends likely thought it was time for her to get back on the horse, so to speak. She didn't seem to be wearing much makeup, the subtle amount a girl might wear for a normal day at school. She was medium height with legs on the longer side, and seemed to be fairly fit and trim. Her breasts were squeezed tightly by a sports bra, but in other situations would likely fit her athletic frame. I didn't have any problem imagining myself fucking her.

She stopped in front of the stool next to me. "Hey, do you mind if I sit here?"

"Sure, have a seat." I was glad she hadn't tried some sort of pickup line right off the bat. "What are you up to tonight?"

"Nothing special, just a drink with my friends." She sat down on the stool, half facing me and took a sip of her cocktail.

"I see. Are they going to miss you, now that you've sat over here?" I knew full well that they had probably prodded her to come.

The girl blushed a little. "It was there idea for me to come over... I'm Beth, by the way."

"Nice to meet you Beth, I'm David." I gave her a smile that she matched two fold. "So why'd your friends send you over here?"

"Well I've been single for a while now since my last boyfriend..."

I thought I'd guess where she was headed. "And your friends want you to meet new people and move on?"

She gave me a conspiratorial look. "Actually, they think I just need to get fucked." It seemed she was already opening up, I can't imagine that being something she'd say normally. "We noticed you when you came in, but they let me have you."

Yep, definitely open. "I see, well you have some nice friends to make way for you like that." The idea of corralling a foursome was tempting, but I wanted to keep things simple tonight.

"To be honest David, when I came here I wasn't planning on doing anything." She was smiling, and she acted like she was sharing some juicy gossip. "When we started talking about you, it seemed more and more like a good idea."

"Well Beth, I think you're right. I'd love to take care of you tonight."

She gave me a puppydog look. "Really? That's great!"
