 Gene Therapy Dose 04-A – (Acquiring Funding)

By Dr. Zephyr

NOTE: This chapter has been divided into two parts, A and B. This is because the chapter is quite long, and it makes more sense to post this finished section now rather than wait for the entire chapter to be finished. For that reason, the ending here is quite brief, as the story is continued immediately after the events here in part B.

*****

Log 01 – Air Travel

Before the annual fundraising event happening in only a week, I needed a secure bank account to hold any newly acquired funds. It was for that reason that I was boarding a small regional jet bound for the Cayman Islands after a short layover in Miami. Even though I had only paid for economy seats, it only took some brief chitchat with the airline employee to be upgraded to business class; I didn't even need to ask. 

The plane was on the small side, only four seats across in economy and three in business. I took my seat and started reading on my Kindle to kill the time until we left the gate and they made the announcement to "turn off all electronic devices." It was only a moment before I had to get up again to give a woman access to the window seat. She was in her mid-to-late 20s, and had a look about her that said she had earned her seat in business class. Her prim pantsuit made it obvious that this trip to the Caribbean was primarily business rather than pleasure.

I offered my hand and gave a brief introduction. "Hello, I'm Dr. Zephyr. It's nice to meet you...?"

She gave my offered hand a shake. "Haley Lampe." Releasing my hand, she started to turn away, but realized she didn't actually want to end the conversation with only a greeting.

Haley would likely emerge from the protection of her tough business woman persona on her own; I didn't need to usher her along. I returned to my book and ignored her furtive glances. After the stream of boarding passengers had trickled to a stop, the business class stewardess started making her round before we left the gate. When she reached my row, she leaned in far too close to be casual and asked if I needed anything. 

I gave her a suggestive grin, but only asked for "some water, please." I had already caught her eye when she greeted me during boarding. She let her hand linger as she asked Haley the same question.

Haley was a little put out by the flight attendant's familiarity toward me, but had a hard time reconciling the jealousy. "I'm fine, thank you." She put a little too much force into the 'thank you' for it to be considered friendly.

Before I could return to my book, Haley interjected awkwardly. "So... Umm... why are you visiting the Caymans?"

I gave a shrug. "Business I suppose; I need to open a new bank account. How about you?"

She gave me an understanding look. "I'm an attorney, and the firm I work for is sending me to take care of some business for a client. It's not terribly exciting, but the pay is good... And a weekend in the Caribbean is a nice bonus."

Despite her standoffish attitude when she boarded the plane, Haley was definitely above average in regard to attractiveness. "Not too much travel for me, I'm a professor at X University, a molecular geneticist to be precise. How about you, what kind of law do you practice?" I realized that she might be useful beyond a sexual encounter.

The stewardess stopped by, placing a cup of water on a paper napkin rather deliberately. She gave me a sly smile and moved on to deliver more drinks. When I turned back to Haley, she had turned toward me in her seat, and was leaning forward eagerly. "I studied nonprofit law, but unfortunately I work for a rather typical corporate law firm. It isn't what I hoped, but it's a job, and it pays well."

Nonprofit law is perfect for what I need, so the look of surprise I gave her was mostly genuine. "What a coincidence! I'm going to be starting a charitable foundation soon, and I know we'll need a good lawyer on the staff." I gave her a kind smile. "I wouldn't ask you to leave your job or anything, but maybe you can recommend someone?"

She was obviously interested, but didn't want to appear overeager. "I'm sure I could provide a recommendation... But what kind of organization are we talking about here? What's the background?"

I felt hesitation revealing anything at this stage, but knew that her advice would be useless if she didn't at least know the basics. "Well, first of all, I recently came into a large sum of money. That's the reason for this trip. As a scientist working on genetic conditions, I've met several generous philanthropists, who have agreed to fund my charitable efforts. There isn't a real specific goal right now, but the idea is for it to be part research organization continuing my work. The other part would be aiding women and children in need that have difficult circumstances."

She was looking at me like I was an angel in the guise of a man. "Wow, that sounds amazing Dr. Zephyr... and very generous of you to devote your time like that... It does seem like a really complicated setup though..."

I took a drink of my water, and noticed a folded piece of notepad paper hidden under the napkin. "Please Haley, call me David. I know it's going to be difficult to set up, so that's why I plan on getting an attorney involved first thing."

She was looking at me intently, I could see she had made up her mind. "Let me work for you, David. This is exactly the sort of work I was hoping to do before I started law school. I know I don't have a lot of experience... but I can make up for that with dedication."

I gave her a broad smile which she soon returned. "Absolutely Haley, I would love to have you. What about your current job though?"

Her voice was melodic with happiness as she quickly explained that she could finish her assignment in the Caymans, and then start helping me with my bank account right away. She'd give notice to her firm, and would be available full time in two weeks. She made it clear that she wanted to move to wherever I was located, and two weeks would be plenty of time to sort things out and arrange the move.

I'm sure there are more experienced lawyers than Haley, but getting a full time specialist this soon was still great. I also knew that she would soon be completely devoted to my family, and that kind of devotion would probably be harder to find in more experienced lawyers that already had full lives. We continued to chat about the foundation, discussing different ideas and possibilities as the plane took off and approached cruising altitude.

I read the note that was left by the stewardess on a folded piece of airline-branded notepad paper. It said to come to the first-class galley after the first in-flight snack and drinks had been served. She would close the curtain that separates the cabin from the galley and boarding door, and that would be my signal to join her. I wasn't about to turn down my opportunity to join the mile-high club, and resolved to meet her.

At some point, the arm rest separating Haley's seat from mine had been lifted, and she was leaning against my shoulder with her hand resting on my thigh. I had been thinking about other things—including the stewardess—and didn't notice how close she had gotten. As I turned to look at her, I saw that she had been staring up at me and our eyes met.

She didn't look away, rather continued to gaze at me without any trace of embarrassment. "So, David, are you seeing anyone?" The implication was obvious, she wanted to be with me.

I gave her a gentle smile. "Yes, but probably not in the way that you're talking about. It's a bit complicated."

A phrase that was surely an alarm siren for most women only caused Haley to raise an eyebrow in curiosity. "It's complicated hmm? Well I've never been afraid of a little complication."

There was no point in trying to be coy about it, I knew she was past the point where it would matter. "Well, I live with three women in a poly-amorous relationship that's centered around me. They're all pregnant with my children, though Alice is getting close to giving birth now. All three are completely devoted to me, and it's a fun arrangement. I can still see whoever I want though, or invite another woman to live with me, but I won't be exclusive."

Her joy that there wasn't anything to stop her from being with me beat her jealous desire to have me all to herself. "So that means there's nothing stopping us from enjoying our time in the Caribbean then." She gave me a naughty grin, and I felt her hand sliding upward toward my crotch. 

I noticed the stewardess approaching, handing out snack packages and taking drink orders. "You're absolutely right, Haley. In fact, I think it'd probably be a waste to pay for two separate hotel rooms, don't you?" 

She gave a little joyous giggle of agreement, but didn't move from my shoulder as the flight attendant arrived at our row.

The stewardess didn't say anything about Haley, but I could see the flare of jealousy in her eyes. "How about you two, can I get you anything to drink?"

Haley uttered a distracted "No" while I gave the stewardess a slight shrug and look to say 'You know how it is, it can't be helped' before giving my own answer. "Hmm, I have a special request, so I'll find you in a few minutes when you're done with everyone else."

The flight attendant smiled mischievously, and moved on to the next row with an "as you wish, sir."

Haley had realized that I dressed to the left, and was staring at my pants as she moved her hand down my left leg in an attempt to find where my member ended. "Wow David, I thought I understood why women would put up with sharing you before, but now it's even more obvious."

I chuckled. "That's not even the half of it. You're in for a pleasant surprise, I assure you."

Haley's imagination had taken her, and she was picturing it happening to her, more than she was asking about anyone else. "So you shove this big thing all the way inside and cum..." She moaned slightly before continuing. "No wonder those three are pregnant... Just thinking about it makes me feel like I'm about to cum myself."

I leaned down to whisper next to her cheek. "I pumped them so full of cum that they almost fainted from the pleasure. I'll knock you up too, if you want."

She practically shouted "Please!", drawing a look from the middle-aged woman in the seat across the aisle. "David... I know we just met, and this is probably weird... You just offered me the job and everything..."

I gave her a reassuring smile. "What is it dear?"

She gave me a puppy-dog expression. "Since I'm moving to your area, and I won't have a place... do you think I could just live with you too?"

I gave her a surprised smile like I didn't know that's what she wanted to ask. "Certainly Haley, I'm honored you want to devote yourself to me." I noticed the curtain up front slide closed. 

Haley forgot about my pants momentarily and squeezed me in a hug. "David, if you let me I'll give everything to you. My work, my love, my body, my life... my womb... everything. I feel like I was born to serve you... and grow your babies."

I squeezed Haley back and kissed her forehead before I disengaged from her hug. "I'm glad to hear it Haley. Just in case, I want you to think about it a little bit to be sure. I'm going to go get a drink and give you a moment."

Her expression looked hurt that I'd doubt her, and she remained silent. "Don't be sad dear, I completely believe you. It's a big decision though, and I just want you to be happy, okay?"

That seemed to placate her, or more likely made her determined to prove she wanted to give what she offered. I stood up and left her sitting there, kissing the back of her hand before heading toward the galley.

Log 02 – The Mile-High Club

When I eased past the curtain and into the narrow space filled with metal cabinets and rolling trolleys, I saw the flight attendant standing there expectantly. I read her name tag and greeted her. "Hello Irene, I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long."

Instead of answering, she reached out and grabbed my wrist, pulling my hand toward her. I felt a damp wad of fabric pushed into the palm of my hand, and looked down to see a set of rolled-up pantyhose with soaked pink panties on top. Before I could say anything, she had already released my wrist, and was turning away from me. 

She bent over, with her ass pointed toward me, as she grabbed the counter with one hand. Her other hand reached back, grabbing the hem of her longish airline-issue skirt before pulling it inside out over her waist. Her legs were spread slightly, and I could see her dripping-wet slit twitching hungrily. As her hand joined the first in bracing against the counter, she simply said "Fuck me."

I didn't want to waste any time. I pulled a condom out of my pocket before undoing my pants and freeing my cock. There wasn't enough time to fill her with cum. I didn't want to have her dripping cum all over the floor of the airplane, nor did I want there to be an incident if she was missed while we waited for her orgasm to end.

The condom was specially picked out, unlubricated with no spermicide, with a wider diameter than the standard size. I unrolled it part way, grabbing the material about two inches from the tip before I started to roll it onto my dick. I need more than the standard reservoir tip to avoid an accident. I rolled the condom on as far as it would go, and was aiming for Irene's wet pussy when she said "hurry, I need your cock!"

Her face was turned towards me, looking at me out of the corner of her eye as I began to push into her. Her profile showed an expression of rapture as my swollen cock began to stretch her wide. Rapture soon turned to surprise as my cock exceeded her expectations and I shoved against her cervix. She let out a surprised moan and clenched her eyes shut as I stretched every part of her open.

I knew we couldn't be loud up here, and I didn't want the flight crew to hear any shouting. I grabbed her soaked panties off the counter where I had left them, and pulled my dick out of her in a quick movement before slamming it home again. Her mouth had stretched wide with pleasure, and I pressed the wadded fabric into her mouth. She didn't bother to remove it; as soon as it was securely in her mouth, I started fucking her again. 

Her knees became weak as I continued a rhythm of pulling most of the way out before slamming hard into her again. Slowly her weight began to rest on my cock, as her legs got weaker. It wasn't long before her pussy was spasming around me in orgasm, and I drove in a few more vicious thrusts before cumming myself. I had the presence of mind to pull out slightly as I came, giving my condom room to inflate with semen. 

As my orgasm was almost finished, I pulled out of her. My condom-clad member dragging out what looked like a water balloon full of cum with a plopping noise. I tugged at the top of the balloon hanging from my dick, and gave it a few twists to keep the semen from spraying out. I pulled it off my cock, now lubricated with cum, and kept a firm grip to keep it from leaking out. Now that my dick was free, I shoved my cum-coated member back inside her. 

I heard her muffled moan through her panties as my cock plunged into her to push against the hard knot of her cervix. I squeezed my pelvic muscles, spraying the remaining cum home. She began to shudder again in orgasm, the potent chemistry of my seed making the reaction inevitable. I was satisfied that I had put enough into her to get her pregnant without much worry of a mess or multiple pregnancies. I slowly withdrew, and shuffled around toward the counter she was leaning on.

I pulled the panties from her mouth, letting them drop, and pulled her head toward my cock that was bobbing beneath her face. While she fell to her knees to start eagerly lapping at my cock, I deliberately tied up my jizz balloon. I had plenty of uses for it, and it would be a waste to throw away. Irene licked enthusiastically with the occasional orgasmic shudder, and watched the drooping-full condom as I finished tying it.

I was looking for napkins or something to dry her juices off on, when she reached up and grabbed the bobbing balloon. She stood up and said "Let me take care of that for you" before sticking her tongue into the inside the untied portion of the condom to dig out any leftover cum.

Trying condoms was still pretty new, but I didn't want her to throw it away. "Don't throw that away Irene."

She looked at me with a grin. "I'd never do that, are you crazy?" She reached to her vest with one hand and undid her nametag, brandishing the sharp point of the safety pin.

I thought I knew where she was going with this, and decided just to watch. I could always cum again, after all. She gently held the condom by its tip rather than the knot, and carefully poked a couple holes into the relaxed reservoir tip. What she did next surprised me; instead of sucking on the tip like the nipple of a baby bottle, she dropped down into a crouch. With her legs wide open, and her cunt eagerly gaping, she reverently brought the sausage-shaped balloon down to her pussy. I was a bit disappointed, thinking she was going to squirt my semen inside of her, which would defeat the point of wearing a condom in the first place. 

Instead, she gently edged the reservoir tip of the cum sausage into her pussy, slowly pushing the balloon inside her. She pushed, determined to swallow the condom, and it bulged slightly. A little cum must have been squirted out of the condom by the pressure, because she suddenly fell back onto her butt while her legs shook slightly in an orgasm. Her pussy undulated greedily, her pelvic muscles determined to pull a cock and the seed it contains as close to her womb as possible. Instead, the undulating motions worked at the balloon, pulling it deep inside her until all that could be seen was a hint of the ring at the end of the condom.

I watched amazed, as Irene climbed back to her feet and started to pull on her sodden panties. Her efforts were hindered by the long orgasm that was spawned from the semen that escaped the condom as her pussy had forced it deep inside her.

I gave her a steadying hand. "Are you sure you want to wear those? They're soaked."

She gave me a grin interrupted by a grimace of pleasure. "I want to make sure my new little friend stays at home where he belongs."

I was still curious. "So, what gave you the idea to put the condom in there?"

She answered in a daze, primarily focused on her own pleasure. "Well, even though I didn't want to have a baby before, I was really happy when you took off the condom and finished cumming inside me... But then I remembered that I'm on the pill. I figured, maybe if I keep plenty of cum in me, I'll get pregnant anyway. If I just poured it in, it'd leak right out, so I had to try something different. Then I noticed that the condom was shaped kind of like a dick filled with cum, and thought if I just put some holes in the tip and pushed it all the way in against my womb, it'd work."

I zipped up, and gave her a few parting words before heading back to Haley. Irene's makeshift cum suppository gave me a whole series of ideas that I knew I'd have to try out. She spent the rest of the flight in an orgasmic daze, as her movement and contractions slowly squeezed out more cum, which caused a low-intensity but extreme-duration series orgasms that squeezed out still more cum and kept the cycle going. She was still in a state of bliss when I got off the plane, and probably was still enjoying that orgasm for a few hours after that.

Log 03 – Another Stamp on the Mile-High Club Card

After impregnating Irene, I made a quick stop in the lavatory to use the toilet and finish cleaning up my equipment. I was ready to go again, and looked forward to what I'd be doing with Haley later. 
