 Gene Therapy – Dose 04B (Acquiring Funding Part 2)

An Autobiographical Tale by Dr_Zephyr

[[[NOTE: This is part two of a two-part chapter. It follows directly after part one, but you don't need to be super familiar with it to follow along. Obviously, if you haven't read the earlier chapters 1, 2, and 3, parts of this story won't make sense. You can still enjoy it, but you'll be missing out. ]]]

*****

[##]WARNING: This story contains some depictions of uterus inflation in Log 06. I feel it is necessary to remind readers that the events I am recording for you are not normal, primarily due to my altered physiology. Attempting to inflate your uterus while your cervix is closed is unlikely to work, and may cause damage to your vagina, cervix, or clitoral body nerves. Normal situations where your cervix is sufficiently open are those where uterine inflation is ill-advised, such as after child birth or medical procedure. While cervical play will eventually allow sufficient opening to inflate the uterus, such activity can be harmful your fertility, and can make it difficult to carry a baby to term. In any case, use caution and educate yourself of the risks before attempting any type of inflation play. -Dr. Zephyr [##]

Log 05 – Morning in Paradise

I was sitting on a recliner in an open terrycloth robe, staring out the wall of windows at the sparkling Caribbean Sea from my suite in a high-class Cayman Island hotel. It was Sunday morning, and I was sipping some iced coffee and gently waking to the day. I had spent the previous two nights with Haley, and her appetite was more than I could have hoped for. My business had concluded yesterday, so it was just a matter of relaxing until the flight home this afternoon. 

Ever since the incident on the plane, Haley had been insistent on me inflating her tummy. She would start pleasuring me as soon as she felt that she was no longer bulging with my semen. She probably had the record for most living sperm inside her reproductive tract right at that point. She was also undoubtedly feeling amazing, my jizz cocktail being something of a transient fountain of youth. Still, I finally had to tell her last night that constantly being filled like she wanted would probably hurt her chances of getting pregnant. She seemed a bit disappointed, but was determined to bear my child, so started to please me in other ways. 

She wanted me to pump her ass full of cum, but I had to explain how dangerous that was. Not because my cock would damage her, obviously, but because of my semen. I had ejaculated in a student's ass some time ago, and still felt guilty about it. The rectum is far more efficient at absorbing liquids and dissolved compounds than the vagina, uterus, or even the mouth and stomach. When I came in the student's ass, the chemicals in my semen were absorbed far more rapidly than normal, and that prompted a dangerously strong orgasm. The girl passed out from the pleasure, but also developed a hernia and muscle injuries as her contracting muscles went beyond what was safe. 

The girl seemed to think the orgasm was worth the injury—it was practically a religious experience for her—but I don't like the idea of causing serious injuries like that. Spanking and other rough play is one thing, but long-term injuries aren't okay with me. By the time she was suggesting it, Haley was most likely already addicted to my semen, though I could tell she had also developed a fetish for inflation. To be clear, I'm not certain whether addiction is the correct word for what women experience. Addiction and compulsion are two different but similar things, and the terms are often used interchangeably. The "withdrawal" symptoms are largely psychological, which suggests a compulsion, though fatigue and minor headaches also seem common. It's likely a combination of factors, much like cigarettes.

Fortunately, there's little danger that I've been creating an army of cum addicts. Most of the women I've slept with have only received one or two doses of my semen. Like getting a shot of heroin, getting inseminated by me feels amazing. But without knowing what exactly causes the pleasure, or knowing how to get more, an addiction normally won't occur. They say you can become addicted to heroin after one dose. But if you didn't know what you were injected with, or how to even start looking for more, you'd be unlikely to develop an addiction.

By Saturday night Haley was pretty well informed about what had happened to me in the lab accident, and about my "hobby" and other goals. Of course, none of it bothered her. I could see the gears turning as she thought about "our foundation"—as she termed it now—and how to better set things up legally. She went to a prestigious law school, and has a sharp mind. A mind that is now dedicated to serving me and my objectives. I didn't know whether she actually thought that impregnating lots of women was a good idea, or simply supported it because it was my idea. In the end it didn't matter, because she had come fully on-board, willing to support me completely. She even mentioned traveling to fertilize women in cities around the globe. 

***

Before Haley left this morning on an errand we fucked in the luxurious suite's shower, and she made me promise to let her know before I was going to cum. She was bent over, desperately hanging onto a wall-mounted safety bar while I fucked her from behind. I watched her in the floor-to-ceiling mirror, staring at her breasts as they swung in wide circular arcs before slapping together in time with my slow-but-powerful pounding. When I felt my orgasm welling up, I pulled free of her tight honeypot; my nine-inch phallus suddenly feeling chill after leaving the scorching heat of her pussy. 

Like some kind of sexual shinobi, she deftly sprung up and spun around, bending over at the waist again and holding onto my hips to support her weight. Her head craned upward, bent sharply to bring her mouth in line with my throbbing member. It looked uncomfortable, but then I recognized the position as the same one a sword-swallower uses, only horizontal. She wasted no time swallowing my meat sword, opening wide and wrapping her lips and tongue around my head. My dick was already slickly lubricated with her nectar, and she wasted no time preparing it. She used her legs to push, and her arms to pull, sliding my thick cock past her distended jaw and into her esophagus. 

She finally stopped when her nose was squished against me and her extended tongue was wiggling against the top of my sack. It felt great, warm flesh stretched tightly around every part of my member. My orgasm was still just below the surface, and I knew it would take only a few thrusts before I started to spew my load. I didn't have much time, because it was impossible for her to breathe like this. She was still holding me tightly though, and I couldn't begin to thrust on my own. Instead, I felt an undulating wave of pressure pulling me in; she was literally swallowing my sword. She was somehow forcing herself to swallow, and the waves of pressure as her esophagus tried to pull me deeper quickly caused me to erupt. 

I came hard, pumping a whole torrent of semen straight down her esophagus to her stomach. As my orgasm tapered, she slid away, savoring the final weak pulses of my ejaculation in her mouth. She breathed heavily through her nose, and used firm suction and kneading hands to extract all the cum she could from my turgid member. The cum in her mouth kicked off her orgasm, and as she sat down on her butt astride bent knees, she didn't swallow. Instead she started dribbling my thick cum onto the heel of her hand. I watched in fascination as she raised the white puddle to one nostril, and used her other hand to plug the opposite nostril. She wasn't merely smelling it, instead she proceeded to snort the cum deep into her nose; it was as if the white substance was cocaine rather than my semen. 

The orgasm hit her hard then, and she gave up trying to put more semen on her hand for the other nostril, instead swallowing it before screaming in pleasure. Her cry echoed in the bathroom full of hard surfaces, causing me to wince at the volume. Haley shook with the orgasm, her legs straightening by themselves as she leaned against the tile wall. I was able to see her pussy spasming, her labia literally flexing with the force of her orgasm. She started squirting, clear fluid spraying from her clenched vagina. The orgasm seemed to weaken as fast as it came, regressing to the long orgasm she had in store from the semen in her stomach. 

Haley beckoned to me then, motioning with her hand while smiling happily. I moved to stand over her, my stance wide with a foot on either side of her hips. More cum was slowly leaking out of my dick as it softened slightly, and she reached up to grab hold. "Let's try that again." I wasn't about to disappoint, so I bent my knees and pushed my urethra against her other nostril. I helped her squeeze the final dregs of cum into her nose before she pinched her other nostril shut. She then proceeded to snort the cum deep into her sinuses. Once again a powerful orgasm rapidly took her. I watched as her bladder joined in this time as she squirted once more onto the shower floor. When the orgasm subsided again, I let her rest as she enjoyed her continuing pleasure with a dazed smile. I turned the shower on again and washed off, leaving her to her bliss to order breakfast.

Later, as I ate some sumptuous room service, she declined to join me by giving me a wink and stating that she had already eaten. She said that she had an errand to run, and that I should relax and enjoy myself. She left on wobbly legs, and I wondered what she could be up to; as far as I knew all our business was done. 

Log 06 – New Help

While I relaxed in the room, I gave Alice a call. The girls have been busy on a mission to find a large and secluded home, preferably near the university. It wouldn't be permanent; I already had plans to build my own custom mansion compound. That would take time, however, and my growing harem needs space, particularly once they start to birth my daughters. I did give Alice a side mission to share with Genny though. I wanted them to think of ways to make an extended-release suppository for my semen, and I also wanted them to figure out how to make a candy lozenge for a similar purpose. I had my own idea for drying and powdering semen, but I would look into that later. 

I had finished my coffee, taken a piss, and sat back in the recliner. I was thinking about what Haley was up to while watching the water, when I heard the door open into the main room. There were a couple voices, and then I was joined by Haley who was looking excited and radiantly happy. She walked up and gave me a kiss before taking a longing look at my member that was laying between my legs. It never went completely soft–the spongy tissue was too dense for that–but it was about as relaxed as it ever got. That was quickly changing though, as I had become somewhat backed up. I need to cum at least eight times a day to avoid an uncomfortable or even painful buildup, and realistically needed to cum twelve or more times to stay normal. Even though Haley had a ravenous appetite, I was teetering near the threshold for discomfort.

She draped my robe over me with a look of regret. "David, I was thinking about our children. Us girls at home will all have babies, and it could quickly get distracting for you. Not to mention that it'll be hard for us to get anything done."

I wasn't sure where she was going. "I had considered that, but hadn't decided what to do about it yet... I've been focused on getting money and space first."

Haley was grinning, encouraged by my response. "Well I think what we need are some full time nannies. Eventually we'll need a whole wing for the nursery and plenty of nannies, but right now even a few will make things a lot easier for everyone. I thought it'd be good to go ahead and get started so that they're situated when the time comes."

I gave her a grin. "I'm guessing the talking I heard earlier is because you brought a candidate? I'm all for the idea, but won't a foreigner complicate things?"

Haley's grin got wider. "Two candidates, actually. Truthfully though, it's a lot easier to explain this way, at least at this early stage. I can get visa paperwork done without a problem."

My dick was now turning my robe into a tent. "Well okay then, I'll trust your judgement. Go ahead and bring them in."

Haley gave my member a quick grab before heading to the front room. A few moments later she returned with two very young girls dressed in what looked to be a hotel uniform. They wore khaki Capri pants and light-pink polo shirts. As they came into the room they looked around, paying special attention to the tent in my unfastened robe.

Haley pointed to the girl with the darker tan. "This is Jacinta, she's a nursery attendant here at the hotel. She'll be 19 years old soon, and loves taking care of babies." She then pointed to the younger one with fairer skin. "This is Kelly, also a nursery attendant. She actually turned 18 yesterday."

Both the girls gave me a nervous smile and polite "hello." Their English was clear, and didn't reveal much of an accent.

Haley continued. "I told them about the opportunity to work for you full time, with a live-in position full time if they meet your expectations. I already went over the salary and exceedingly generous benefits... They seem pretty eager to use their skills in a career that pays more than their meager pay from the hotel."

I gave the girls a comforting smile. "It's nice to meet you two, and happy birthday Kelly."

Ushered by Haley, they both walked to stand closer to me. Jacinta had started to blush while looking at me, while Kelly was looking around the room. "Thanks, it was a nice birthday. Umm... Where's your baby? Miss Lampe said we'd be starting today as a trial."

Jacinta elbowed Kelly lightly, signaling to her that she should shut up. Jacinta was fascinated by me, and was giving me a coy smile in-between glances at my towering tent. I sat up in the chair, tucking the footrest back in with a click. Haley guided the two to stand side-by-side, right in front of the chair, before coming around to stand next to me and face the girls. Kelly was still looking confused and nervous, but color was starting to creep into her cheeks.

Haley cleared her throat lightly to get the girls' attention. "Okay, let's get started then, shall we?" The girls nodded before Haley continued. "Okay then, go ahead and take off all those clothes so we can take a good look at you. You can just toss them on the couch there."

Jacinta immediately pulled her polo shirt over her head, revealing pert and braless tits. They were the rounded cone shape common to smaller breasts, but had long and thick nipples pointing proudly outward. Kelly, on the other hand, moved hesitantly; slowly taking off her shirt to reveal a thin camisole bra that did little to hide the shape of her protruding areolae. Jacinta had already kicked her shoes off, and was pulling down her pants when she noticed that Kelly was being hesitant, having only just finished removing her shirt.

Pulling her Capri pants the rest of the way down and kicking them aside, Jacinta was clad only in light-pink cotton panties. She turned to face her friend and whispered urgently. "Come on Kelly, what did you expect? These kinds of fancy jobs have strict requirements, and you're going to ruin it for us." 

Jacinta started unfastening Kelly's pants without waiting for Kelly's whispered response. "You're right, I'm sorry Jacinta." Kelly braced herself and pulled the loose camisole over her shoulders. She had perky round breasts with very puffy areolae that protruded a good deal in a dome shape on top of her breasts. They were a delicate shade of pink, hiding inverted nipples. The budding breasts were a solid C-cup, and fit well on her small chest. 

Jacinta finished with Kelly's pants, revealing another pair of simple cotton panties. With a flourish, Jacinta pulled her own panties down, revealing a cleanly shaven snatch with no tan lines. She turned away from me before bending over to pull her panties down the rest of the way, deliberately giving me a view of her round ass and protruding moist pussy lips. 

Kelly was warming to the situation, my pheromones and Jacinta's enthusiasm starting to win her over. She perfunctorily pulled off her own panties, revealing a neatly trimmed snatch with plump outer labia that completely hid the delicate flesh between them. 

Once the girls were both standing before me completely naked, Haley jumped in again. "Okay, it's time for you to get a good look at the first baby you'll be responsible for taking care of." 

Jacinta cracked an eager smile as she hoped the baby in question was the cause of my tented pants. Kelly, on the other hand had a look of relief on her flushed face, expecting things to head back towards normalcy. She must have a cold of some sort or allergies giving her a stuffy nose, because my pheromones were taking a long time to affect her.

Haley bent over my member, throwing back my robe before grasping it lovingly. "Isn't this just the best baby you've ever seen?" She reluctantly stood back up, leaving my member standing proud in full view. 

Jacinta fell to her knees, staring at my dick, her eyes tracking it as it bobbed slightly with my pulse. "Oh my god... It's gorgeous... I just want to lick it."

Kelly just uttered a quiet "wow" as one hand trailed to her crotch, likely feeling the growing moisture there. 

I gave a couple squeezes of my PC muscles, causing precum to well up and start running down the bottom of my cock. Jacinta didn't wait, darting forward to lap up the clear fluid. She was about to suck my head into her mouth when Haley interrupted. "Now, now, Jacinta, you need to share that with Kelly." Jacinta moved back with a pout, but soon noticed my massive testicles and began to explore them with her hands. 

Kelly was staring at my cock with an open mouth and eyes that were growing hungrier by the moment. She had pushed her middle finger in-between her plump outer labia that were now visibly moist and hiding her middle finger from view, the lips having swallowed it greedily. I squeezed out more precum and beckoned her toward me for her own taste.

She slowly knelt down to take her own taste, she hadn't been enthralled by my pheromones, and she was confused by her arousal. Though she didn't understand it, she obeyed the urges of her aching groin. Jacinta watched as Kelly gingerly stuck out her tongue to taste the trickle of precum. Finding it delicious, it was only moments before she started licking it off more vigorously. Jacinta joined in at that point, licking the precum from the top of my sack and the base of my cock.

I let them go at it for a minute or so, providing them a steady stream of new precum to fuel their urges. I then gestured to Haley, pointing at the distracted Kelly, letting her know that I'd be impregnating Kelly first. Haley smiled mischievously, understanding why I'd chosen the more reluctant girl. "That's enough ladies." I said, standing up. I edged between them and walked over to the king size bed on the other side of the large room. I laid down in the middle on my back, waiting for the girls to join me. 

Before Haley said anything, Jacinta had already gotten to her feet and started toward the bed. Kelly was still on her knees, confused but unable to deny she was enjoying herself. Haley gave the command. "Okay girls, enough play, it's time to take care of things properly."

Jacinta reached the bed first, followed by a less enthusiastic Kelly. Jacinta was getting ready to straddle me when Haley spoke up again. "Wait Jacinta, we're going to let the birthday girl go first. Don't worry, you'll get a turn after Kelly is done."
