 Gene Therapy: Dose 05 – Treatment
Dr. Zephyr
October 2016

CONTENTS:
A Letter from the Doctor
Log 01 – Assistant to the Rich and Powerful
LOG 02 - The Fertility Specialist Visits the Woman Who Won't Conceive
LOG 03 – Those Derided for Experiencing the Joy of Being Female
LOG 04 – Inverting Aversion Therapy, Giving Reward as Punishment
LOG 05 – Pseudo Incest
Closing

==================

[A Letter from the Doctor]

Greetings, 

It has been some time since I last wrote. For those who have been waiting, I offer an apology and my warmest thanks for being a fan. I've been busy, but I do have some good news: I had my first male child recently. I'm still as young as ever, but it was nice to have a son. He is healthy and happy, and in case you are curious, no I didn't pass down the majority of my own genetic changes. It took a lot of work to get some functional Y sperm made, and I didn't want to risk abnormalities. If he wants to take up the "family business" later on, I'm sure I'll be able to help make it a reality.

This chapter is a bit of a mashup because I've been trying to follow chronological order. Also, if I put too much of the foundation events into one chapter, it'd probably get dull, and the other stories would seem like a bunch of pointless sex... Not that there's anything wrong with pointless sex, though personally I prefer my partners to walk away pregnant. (Unless I had already impregnated them previously, of course.) Still, you get the idea. 

In log 01 and 02 we have my meeting with the Grants' lesbian daughter, which held quite a surprise. In log 03 I have to deal with my sister, and I discover some uncalled for cruelty towards some of my harem, and the start of a potentially dangerous rumor. In log 04 I punish the girls behind the problem; who happen members of one of my university's sororities. And finally in log 05, I'll share some of the details of moving into our new home, and family time.

I hope you enjoy,

Dr. Zephyr

==================

[Log 01 – Assistant to the Rich and Powerful]

The Grants lived in palatial luxury some distance away from where I live. Being wealthy, and desperately seeking the help I can provide, they arranged my travel to their estate. With my recently acquired funds from the Cayman Islands and other rich donors, paying for travel wouldn't be a hardship. Still, I needed to play the role of the honest scientist with simple tastes. It wouldn't do to have donors thinking that I was wasting their money on myself, even though that's mostly what I would be doing.

One of their personal staff–an executive assistant by the name of Olivia—arranged for a stretch limo to drive me in comfort. It wasn't terribly far away, but with normal traffic it was expected to be a nearly ninety-minute drive. Olivia went beyond my comfort level to assure me that I'd have an enjoyable trip. I had never met her, so this wasn't a sexual innuendo, just her honest attempt at fulfilling her employer's wishes. To her relief, I informed her that I would be bringing all my "equipment" in a single briefcase; meaning that arranging complex shipping wouldn't be necessary. 

I readily agreed to the time she suggested, knowing that I was the one expected to be flexible. After setting up a meeting place and time for the driver, our business was concluded. I didn't give it much thought afterward; I was busy collecting donations from the fundraiser banquet and moving settling into the new home. Haley, the "Harem Attorney" as she introduced herself, arrived to her new home in the morning the day before my appointment with the Grants. After sweetly pleasant introductions all around, and some enraptured fawning over the swollen bellies of the other harem members, we all had a busy day, evening, and night together. 

The morning of the appointment, I woke in a tangle of sheets and limbs. It was just Alice, Haley, and myself in the bed; the others had moved to another bed on the other side of the room. I successfully untangled myself from Alice's arms and breasts, but had more difficulty with Haley, whose head was resting on my upper thigh. A good portion of her torso was resting on my left leg, leaving it thoroughly asleep. I started to try and shift out from under her, but the movement caused her to stir. Her left hand, which had been palm-down under my ball sack, began to grasp at the heavy orbs. I was sitting half-up from my attempt, and saw a grin form on her sleeping face as she finally managed to cup my sperm-laden testicles.

Her face was pointed right at my groin, which was now supporting my large erection. I started to brush the hair from her face, so that I could get a better view of her cute expression. My efforts woke her, however, and her grin disappeared as she yawned lightly and slowly opened her eyes. It took a few moments for her eyes to focus on my turgid member pulsing only a couple inches in front of her eyes. When she realized what it was, her sleepy expression was quickly replaced with a wide and happy grin. 

She lifted her head, and looked up at me lovingly before adopting a mischievous grin. With a cute "chomp" sound effect, she engulfed my member with her warm mouth. She took her time, exploring every surface of my head with the tip of her tongue while keeping it warmly engulfed in her mouth. Soon she started to suck and bob, moving with deliberation toward a morning snack. She had proudly shown me a positive pregnancy test when she arrived, and I could tell from the night before that she was reluctant to "waste" my cum in her already-pregnant cunt. 

I wasn't about to let her punish herself though. I lifted her head off of my dick, her mouth making a slight popping noise as the seal from her suction was broken. I grasped her breasts, and pulled gently, urging her upward until she was straddling my hips. She gave me an unsure look with a quirked eyebrow, as if asking "is it really okay?" I whispered "you don't need to worry about being pregnant, it's yours if you want it." As emphasis, I tugged her hips downward, impaling her with my cock. 

Haley looked truly happy, her eyes moistening with unshed tears as she savored each inch. She gleefully fell forward, grabbing my shoulders to squeeze me in a tight hug that squished her breasts against me until they felt almost hard. I started to rock my hips, sliding slightly in and out of her, and she finally released me with a moan. Taking a moment to catch the breath she had squeezed out of me, I started fucking her vigorously, bringing her to a rapid orgasm.

After a few more orgasms in short order, I reached my own, spraying her pussy full until it squirted out around the dick that was keeping her stretched tightly open. Looking around, I could see that our lovemaking had awoken the other three. There wasn't time for more play, but they satisfied themselves by licking Haley and myself clean of the spilt cum.

*** *** *** ***

When I opened the door to the stretch limo that pulled up in front of my old apartment's building, I was surprised to see Olivia sitting in one of the seats of the luxuriously appointed vehicle. Taking a moment to get over my surprise, I quickly entered the vehicle and sat on the forward-facing bench seat. 

Olivia had a petite body, and looked to be about thirty. Her face was somewhat plain, but combined with the horn-rimmed glasses screamed 'librarian'. She was wearing a conservative skirt and blouse with a suit jacket, and looked all business holding a tablet and stylus. 

"Hello Dr. Zephyr, I'm Olivia, executive assistant to Mrs. Grant. It's nice to meet you." She shifted the stylus and offered her hand to shake.

I reached out and gently took her hand. "Likewise."

Her grip lingered, her skin beginning to flush slightly as she distractedly looked at me. She suddenly realized that nothing had happened for several moments, and dropped my hand. "So... Umm... Sorry... I have a quick briefing ready for you about Miss Laura, and I'm ready to give you whatever information you may need to conduct your business."

"Business eh? That's an interesting way of putting it." I gave her a grin before continuing. "Please go ahead with your briefing."

I could see the curiosity on Olivia's face, it was obvious she wasn't sure what this was all about. Her pale skin was now flushed a delicate pink as she forced herself to move onto the briefing instead of blurting out her questions about my 'business'.

"So Dr. Zephyr, I'm to inform you that Miss Laura is currently staying in her room at the Grant residence, she arrived yesterday morning and is well rested." Wondering what being rested had to do with anything, she blurted out. "You're a doctor... Are you going to be performing a procedure on her?"

Keeping the mystery thick, I answered simply. "In a manner of speaking, though I'm not a M.D."

"I see..." She looked more confused than before. "I don't know why this is relevant, but Mrs. Grant states that Miss Laura isn't on her period currently." Olivia gulped and forced her imagination away before continuing. "She isn't on birth control, and should be fertile."

I nodded pointedly. "Very good, that'll make things easier."

Olivia started unbuttoning the top two buttons of her blouse, feeling hot with the flush. Her legs were making small squirming motions as she realized how damp her crotch had become. "So... If you don't mind me asking... What exactly are you going to be doing to her?"

I gave her a genuine smile. "I'm going to be impregnating her. You see, Mrs. Grant wants grandchildren."

She sighed with closed eyes and licked her lips. I could barely make out her whisper "lucky girl." Looking at me again, she realized the obvious difficulty. "But Dr. Zephyr, Miss Laura is a lesbian and resolute about not having children... Mrs. Grant's wishes or no, I doubt she's just going to let you impregnate her... Even if it is artificial insemination."

I gave her a questioning look. "Who said anything about *artificial* insemination?" I shifted in my seat and pulled the hem of my pants to reveal the outline of my semi-hard member. "Don't worry, I can make a pretty convincing argument."

Her "wow" trailed off as she stared at my pants with an open mouth. Her legs now clenched tightly together to control her mounting arousal, she spoke without raising her eyes from the dick that was hardening and growing right in front of her. "That's... a really... really, really convincing argument you have there... I mean... If we had a condom so I wouldn't get pregnant... I'd love to fe..." 

Her mind running away with lust, she paused to collect her thoughts and force her way past her distraction. "Anyway, as... Desirable... as that is, it simply won't work on Laura. She's a lesbian, practically detests men, and definitely doesn't want children."

I smiled as I replied to the woman still staring at my crotch. "I'll tell you what. How about I prove it to you? It's a long ride after all."

She glanced up at me eagerly. "That's a good idea... yes, and we can avoid wasting anyone's time... and there is still a long way to go..." She reached over to a panel and raised the privacy barrier between the driver and our cabin. "How do you intend to prove you can succeed?"

I unbuttoned my sport coat and shrugged it off before starting on my belt. "I'm going to pull out my cock. If you can avoid impregnating yourself, we'll know it just won't work..." I finished with the zipper, and pulled my pants down past my knees. My dick was straining now, roughly stretching the fabric of the leg of my boxers, with the head now out in the open.

Olivia's legs had opened at some point, and continued to drift further open, causing her skirt to ride up her legs. "Wait... I'm too busy to have a baby... I can't..."

I mercilessly yanked my boxers down, freeing my enormous member. "That's good, it means this'll be a better test." I finished removing my pants and boxers, folding them roughly and setting them aside. 

Olivia was staring at my throbbing member, her legs wide open with her skirt ridden most of the way up. At some point she had taken off her jacket, and her hand was currently exploring between her legs. "Oh, I really, really want some of that... but it's the wrong time to risk it..."

I started unbuttoning my shirt, precum already beginning to leak from my urethra. "I'll be sure to tell you before I cum, but if you don't have to if you don't want to."

She had been following my lead, and now only a bra covered her medium-sized breasts, which she was reaching around to unhook. "I know that precum of yours could get me pregnant too... there's so much of it... maybe it'd be okay?" Her breasts now free, she lifted her ass off the seat and pulled the skirt and panties off in one motion. The whole time her eyes never left my crotch.

Free of my clothes, I leaned back in the seat. "You know; I doubt Mrs. Grant would mind if you got pregnant. She's obsessed with grandchildren, after all." Precum had formed a rivulet running down my cock.

Olivia got up from her seat and then went down onto her hands and knees. She lifted my testicles with both hands, marveling at their size and weight. She quickly licked up a large portion of my leaking precum, starting at the top of my sack and moving up my dick with her tongue until she needed to swallow. "mmmm... I guess I can take a chance with the precum."

She quickly got up, straddling my cock and thrusting her pert breasts in my face during the process. Before I could suck a nipple into my mouth, she had leaned back and gripped my cock with one hand. She started rubbing my head against her slit, mixing my precum with her nectar. Once she had it lined up properly, the tip slipped slightly inside her heat. She didn't waste time, and dropped downward, impaling herself on my rod. 

She was quite tight, and her face was a confused mask of discomfort and pleasure as I surged into her. Once she had swallowed as much of me as she could, she was left hanging partially in the air, resting her weight on my cock. Forced to bear her weight, my member squeezed a copious amount of precum against her cervix. She seemed to enjoy the sensation, and started smiling lustily down at me while she started playing with her nipples.

I could already feel her cervix softening and opening with the pressure, and I squeezed more sperm-laden precum into her. "You know, I already came once this morning, so my precum is probably full of sperm."

She bit her lip and emitted a soft moan "nice..." She rested there, enjoying how full she felt. "As long as it's only precum... It's okay if I get pregnant, right? Then it would just be an accident..." She started shifting her upper body slightly, and I could feel her cervix shifting against my cockhead as she moved.

"You know getting knocked up would be the best thing, so it doesn't matter if it's precum or cum, right? Why not be sure and take a load into your womb?"

She kept shifting. "Yes... I definitely need your load in my womb." She pushed up with her legs slightly, allowing her to slide her cervix up onto the top of my cock. With her position finally right, the wide-open donut of her cervix pushed directly onto the tip of my dick. It was loosening, and with her weight started to slide around my cockhead.

She grinned ecstatically at me. "I'm not sure one load is enough... but I'll take what you give me." Her weight finally caused her cervix to give way, and she fell onto my lap with a wet slap as my cock slid into her uterus. 

She seemed to have an instinctual knowledge of what she was doing, because she didn't start bouncing. She wanted my cock inside her womb at all times, ready for the moment it would spray her full of semen. The thought of being filled with cum was sending her over the edge.

I felt the rough spongy texture of her uterine lining squeezing my head as it convulsed with her orgasm. She was shifting her weight, rubbing from side to side with a delicious motion without letting me slip from the safety of her womb. Her entire reproductive tract was rhythmically clamping down on me as she continued to cum.

I have a certain control over my orgasms, and I wanted to fill her depths with my potent sperm. Rather than willing control, I urged myself toward orgasm. "Olivia, are you ready for my cum?"

"YES!" she screamed so loudly I had to wonder if the driver was startled. Even though I was far deeper than any other man had been or ever would be, she took my question as a signal to lift her legs and place all her weight on my sturdy rod. 

I slid in another quarter-inch before releasing the first of many torrents of semen inside her. There wasn't any room left in her womb, and most of it was forced immediately up her fallopian tubes to coat her ovaries. It flooded into her vas deferens, building up a supply of my long-lived sperm that would last at least a decade, and likely as long enough to reach menopause. There's something indescribably sexy about getting a woman so pregnant that they'll be bearing your children for the rest of their fertile lives. 

The thick globs of semen coating her ovaries would undoubtedly initiate several ovulations all at once, she'd likely give birth to four or five children during this first round. They'd be a bit small, but I had little doubt that'd they'd be a healthy bunch of girls with the right medical care. 

Olivia's orgasm never really stopped, but it went into overdrive once the chemicals in my semen made their way into her bloodstream. The overwhelming contractions combined with me being lodged in her uterus to prevent much swelling of her womb. "Olivia, dear, you're quite good at this. Looks like most of my cum made it to your ovaries."

She just smiled between the moans and enjoyed her orgasm.

My cum was starting to close her cervix again, and I felt the squeezing start to become unpleasant as it tried to close around my dick. I gently lifted Olivia, pulling until she became unstuck, and lowered her onto her back on the limo's floor. I climbed over her, and pressed my wet dick to her lips, letting her know that I wanted to be cleaned up.

She complied greedily, licking and sucking everything she could from my member until the only thing left was a slight sheen of saliva. "I don't think you'll have any problems with Miss Laura... lucky girl"

*** *** ***

I relaxed for the rest of the ride, while Olivia eventually finished her orgasms and took a brief nap.

==================

[LOG 02 - The Fertility Specialist Visits the Woman Who Won't Conceive]

By the time we drove up the long driveway to the Grant's mansion, Olivia and I were both dressed and prepared to greet the family. Olivia was glowing, and sported a radiant smile; she was finding such joy in allowing herself something she had denied for years. We made it inside, and were greeted my Mrs. Grant, who was wearing an outfit that was rather too provocative for her age. Olivia quickly shifted back to performing like a devoted assistant, but I could see the quick submissive glances in my direction when Mrs. Grant wasn't looking. 

Mrs. Grant, for her part, paid a lot of attention to the new vitality shining from her secretary. She recognized immediately that something had changed, and being an intelligent and experienced woman, likely deduced something of the cause. This merely served to heighten the older woman's anticipation. She was seeking to breed by proxy, hoping to satisfy her own urges through her daughter Laura. Rather than look at her assistant with jealousy, her firm—almost familial—bond with Olivia instead made Olivia an additional surrogate for Mrs. Grant's desires.

Putting on an obvious show for Olivia, Mrs. Grant looked the assistant up and down thoroughly. "Congratulations dear, I'm assuming you took advantage of the long drive with the doctor?"

Olivia was a bit flabbergasted, unsure of the correct response. I stepped in to help keep things positive. "How perceptive of you Mrs. Grant! You have a very good eye. You see, Olivia here had been wanting a child of her own for some time now, but thought it'd be improper considering the situation with Laura."
