 "Come back to bed baby..."

Brent stood at the window looking out over the multicolored displays of the Vegas skyline, fingering the worn string of beads around his neck and wondering what ever happened to the old man who had changed his life forever. It had been nothing; a simple act of generosity -- something that anyone would have done -- but it had triggered a series of fortunate events that resulted in him finding the needle of happiness in a haystack of despair.

Nikki's moist breath tickled the back of his neck a split second before he felt her snuggle up behind him, wrapping her arms around his waist and pressing her warm, naked body against his back. She whispered, "Come back to bed baby. You've done all you can for today." She raked her manicured fingernails down across his abs as she slid a practiced hand past the waistband of his pajamas. "Let me take your mind off it for a while," she cooed.

An hour later Nikki was draped naked across him, her golden hair splayed across his chest as she slept soundlessly. Brent envied the way she could just turn off her mind and fall asleep she soon as closed her eyes. He had no such switch and knew he would still be awake for hours to come, thinking of that night when the old man saved him.

* * *

The day had started like any other normal day. Brent had gone to work and spent most of the day on the phone trying to close a deal with a new client. He was just an average investment banker, one of those many that garnered small fees while the elite few played golf or sat in bars and managed the "big deals". He had asked many times how they did it, and their reply was always the same, "Just lucky, I guess."

It was the last day of the month and at midday his boss had come by and handed him an envelope. Apparently Brent's numbers just weren't good enough and he was being let go. So were a number of other people but Brent had hoped his friends and connections would protect him. Disappointed, he cleaned out his office and then called his wife Evelyn to tell her the bad news. 

Evelyn was the love of his life. Brent had met her right after grad school and they had been married a year later in a lavish ceremony paid for by her parents. She was everything a budding executive could ever want in a wife; beautiful, charming, well educated, and good in bed. Lately she had been a little distant, but Evelyn had supported him through all the other ups and downs of his career and Brent was sure she would do so again. Imagine his surprise when she told him not to bother coming home; she was through with him.

Bewildered, Brent called his best friend, hoping he could stay with him until Evelyn came to her senses. David was sympathetic, but said, "I don't think that will work out since Evelyn and I have been having an affair for the last six months." "Well," thought Brent, "that certainly explains a few things."

After that a stunned calm came over him. Some men might have considered suicide, but for Brent the only conceivable option was to go to home; back to his roots; back to the place where he had always felt most comfortable, Las Vegas. After all, what did he have to lose? He drove to the bank, cashed his last paycheck, cleaned out his savings, bought a couple changes of clothes and a small duffel bag, and headed to the airport.

* * *

Brent tipped the dealer with his last $25 chip and walked away from the table. He had a surprising spring in his step considering he had lost over $5000 in the last 4 hours playing Blackjack. It might have been funny if it wasn't so depressing. He realized ironically that his luck was the only thing in his life that hadn't changed in the last 24 hours. He chuckled, "At least Evelyn will never see a penny of that money!"

Completely broke except for some loose change and the two crisp fifty dollar bills he had stashed in his wallet, Brent picked up his duffle from the coat check and headed down the strip looking for a coffee shop. He needed a quiet place to hang out for a few hours while he decided what he was going to do next. 

It was a cool, crisp night -- typical of winter in the desert -- and Brent turned up his coat collar to ward off the chill. He had been walking for some time when he came across an obviously homeless old man huddled against a brick wall, hawking trinkets from a small cardboard box. Stopping, he squatted in front of the old beggar to see what he had.

Brent was one of those kind people who were always willing to toss a little spare change to anyone less fortunate than themselves. His parents had taught him that no matter how bad things were, there was always someone you could help. Brent had always been respectful of that lesson even though Evelyn had constantly chastised him for it saying, "Why do you always do that. You know they'll just spend it on booze and drugs!"

"What do you have there mister?" Brent asked sincerely.

The old man appeared to be frail, but when he looked up at Brent there was a spark of life in his eyes that was somehow inspirational. He motioned for Brent to come closer and showed him the box saying, "Sacred charms." Brent could see that they were just dime store trinkets and other worthless junk.

He asked the old man, "When was the last time you ate?"

The old man sighed, "The spirit of the lights provides for me."

Brent gently helped him up and said, "Why don't you come with me?"

There was a diner on the corner just ahead. Brent led the old man inside and sat him down in a booth despite the disapproving looks from the waitress, and then went to the counter asking for a telephone book. He looked up the nearest shelter and found that it was only three blocks away. As he walked down the street with the old man he said, "My name is Brent. What do they call you?"

The old man paused as if trying to remember something long forgotten, "Most just call me names I don't understand. Long ago I was called Jacob."

"Well, it is nice to meet you Jacob. Let's get you someplace warm for the night."

The shelter was a typical mission run by a church. Brent led Jacob inside and became worried when he saw that the place was packed. There was an attractive young woman behind a counter doling out meals and coffee. He walked over to her and asked, "Do you have room for one more? I don't think he'll make it through the night outside."

He saw the woman's face soften, and she said, "Sure. We'll find a spot for him. Just go sit down and I'll come help you in a bit."

Brent found a place at one of the tables and sat down across from Jacob. He watched the young woman as she served soup and bread to those who wanted it. She was quite pretty and well dressed, obviously a volunteer. It was amazing how her smile brightened up the depressing room.

After a few minutes she came over and brought Jacob a bowl of soup and a large, hot dinner roll. Then she sat down beside Brent. "Sorry it took so long but it has been a busy night." She held out her hand, "By the way, my name is Nikki Blake."

He took her hand gently and shook it saying, "Nice to meet you Nikki, my name is Brent Spaulding."

"Where did you find him?"

"Only a couple blocks from here. I was just out for a walk and I ran across him."

Nikki asked, "Do you live nearby?"

Brent paused for a second, "No. I just flew in today."

Nikki smiled, "Ah. I see. And how was your luck?"

"Same as usual. All bad," Brent replied with a smile on his face.

Nikki laughed. She had a husky, sultry, laugh that he found quite intriguing. "Well, you seem pretty upbeat about it. Where are you staying? You are quite a long way from the strip."

"Oh...I am heading to my sisters place, a few miles out of town and I really should get going. Can you make sure Jacob gets this in the morning?" Brent handed her his last $100."

Nikki said, "Sure. I'll see to it."

Brent leaned over and said, "Jacob, I have to be going now. You'll be safe and warm here."

Jacob looked up at him. Suddenly there was a brilliant fire in his eyes. "Take this," he said. "I will need it no more." He handed Brent a colorful but worn, old strand of beads. "Remember, it is a gift from the lights. Respect it always."

Brent smiled and said, "Thanks Jacob." Then he looked at Nikki and said, "It was very nice meeting you, Nikki."

Suddenly, Nikki had a curious look on her face. She smiled and said haltingly, "It was very nice meeting you Brent. Good luck."

Brent walked out the door and into the cold, feeling quite happy and content. There was something about doing a good deed that always made his own problems seem less important. He fingered the tiny beads in his pocket and wondered what Jacob had meant when he said, "The spirit of the lights provides for me." Then he slipped the beads over his head and chuckled, "I sure hope he is right."

A minute later, Nikki came running up behind him. "Brent, wait a minute!" He stopped and turned as she caught up to him.

"That was a very kind thing you just did. Was that your last $100?"

Brent nodded, "Yes. I figured Jacob needed it more than me."

Nikki smiled, "I thought so. What are you going to do now?"

Brent said, "I don't really know. I was planning on thumbing a ride out to my sister's place in the morning."

Nikki thought for a moment then said, "Look, you seem like a really nice guy. Why don't you come home with me? You can sleep in my spare room tonight. Then tomorrow I'll drive you out to your sister's place."

Brent sighed, "That's awfully kind of you, but I couldn't impose."

Nikki smiled and said, "Generosity should always be rewarded. I insist."

* * *

Nikki's place was back on the strip, in one of those expensive, luxury high-rise condo buildings. Although only one floor, it was quite large and ultra-modern; obviously designed for entertaining, with a large entryway and living room with a spectacular view of the city. It was just the kind of place you expected a classy woman like Nikki to live in.

Brent whistled, "This is quite a place."

Nikki laughed, "Thanks. Make yourself at home. Are you hungry?"

"Uh, now that you mention it, yes. I'll have something if you are."

"Sandwiches OK?" She asked.

"Yeah, that sounds great." Brent had been watching her closely since they walked into the place. He couldn't shake the feeling that he had seen Nikki someplace before. Maybe in the newspaper or maybe they went to school together. He asked, "Nikki, have you always lived in Vegas?"

She said, "No. I retired a couple of years ago and moved here."

Brent thought, "Retired?" Then he said, "Nikki, I know this sounds crazy, but have we met before?"

Nikki laughed, "I was wondering when you were going to ask that." She tossed him a beer and said, "Check out that bookshelf beside the TV."

Brent walked over and looked at the bookshelf. It was filled with skin magazines, and a number of XXX Rated DVDs. Brent looked closer and saw that the cover of several of the magazines featured, "Nikki Lust." Even though she looked quite different on the covers, he instantly realized it was the same Nikki who was making sandwiches.

"You're Nikki Lust?"

She smiled, "I used to be Nikki Lust. Now I am just plain old Nikki Blake again."

She brought out the sandwiches and said, "Let's eat."

They sat quietly for a moment, munching on the sandwiches and Nikki appraised Brent. He looked like stereotypical business man; obviously well educated, maybe thirty years old, six feet tall, with a handsome face and athletic build. He had a full head of dark, wavy hair to go with his hazel eyes and a cute smile. But it was the touching way he had worried about the old man that had sparked her interest.

She asked, "So what brings you to Vegas, besides the gambling that is?"

Brent thought for a moment and said, "Well, I needed a change in my life. I was born and raised here, so I came back to start over."

"Any family?"

Brent shrugged, "Just my sister; my parents are dead. My wife...let's just say that part of my life is over."

He wasn't her usual type, but Nikki felt attracted to Brent even though they had just met. There was something special about him that she couldn't put her finger on. She thought, "Well, I'll just have to get to know him better."

Brent asked, "What about you? Do you have any family nearby?

Nikki said, "My family are all still back in California. I see them at Christmas, but otherwise I stay out of their lives, for obvious reasons."

Brent took another bite of his sandwich and said, "I think I only ever saw one of your movies. I am not even sure I remember it."

Nikki said, "That's not surprising, I only made 10 movies."

Brent said, "Why did you stop?"

"That's easy. I good friend of mine in the business contracted AIDs. It scared the shit out of me, so I quit."

"What happened to your friend?"

"She died last year."

Brent said sincerely, "I am sorry to hear that."

Nikki said quietly, "Yeah, me too." 

Brent asked, "I thought everyone in the business was supposed to be tested..."

Nikki said, "They are. But somehow someone slipped through. I've had myself tested a bunch of times since I quit. So far I am good."

There was an awkward silence and Brent asked nervously, "I hope you don't think I was being too nosey."

Nikki smiled and said, "No. It's OK. I don't mind talking about it. Some day I hope to make my story into a movie -- a real movie -- if I can find someone good to write the script."

"If you don't mind my asking, how did you get started?"

Nikki's eyes lit up, "Well, not the usual way. Most of the girls in porn have either been abused or were prostitutes before they got into film. But I got into it simply because I enjoy it when people watch me having sex. Does that shock you?"

Brent said, "I guess so."

Nikki continued, "It started while I was at Berkley. Would you be surprised to know I have a Masters Degree in Economics? Anyway, my boyfriend and I were doing it in his room one day when his roommate walked in on us. At first I wanted to stop, but my boyfriend just kept going. His roommate sat on the bed opposite from us watching. Then he took out his cock and started jacking off right there. My boyfriend kept right on pumping away at me but I couldn't tear my eyes away from his roommate. When I saw him cum, I had the most powerful orgasm I had ever felt."

Brent sucked in a breath and said, "My god." He was already feeling uncomfortable, and now his cock was starting to get hard.

Nikki laughed, "That's just the start of it. It was so exciting for both of us that my boyfriend and I began looking for ways to do it in front of other people. Every time we did I came harder than the last. Once we did it in broad daylight in the middle of a crowded park. I was completely nude and sat on him, riding him like a crazy cowgirl."

"Eventually we discovered video. We taped ourselves doing it in every possible position and then showed it to our friends. Sometimes I would cum just from watching their reaction. After we broke up, my boyfriend was nice enough to let me keep the tapes. One day after I graduated, I walked into an adult film producer's office and showed him the tapes. He hired me on the spot."

Brent gasped, "That is an incredible story. You have obviously done very well for yourself."

Nikki replied, "My degree taught me the value of money so I have been careful and a bit lucky. I certainly made out better than most. Those movies sometimes pay a lot, but a girl needs to have something really special if she expects to earn the really big bucks. Pretty faces and big boobs are a dime a dozen in that industry."

"So what was your something special?"

Nikki looked at him with a wicked grin on her face, "Why don't you let me show you?" 

Brent practically held his breath while Nikki loaded a disc into the DVD player and started the movie. It wasn't long before he saw what had earned Nikki so much money. She was simply magical on the screen, extremely sexy, and powerfully erotic. Every scene seemed like art, and it was clear that she enjoyed her craft.

When it was over, Brent was powerfully aroused and unable to hide it. He looked over at Nikki and said, "My god, you are so sexy on the screen. I can't believe how turned on I got watching that." Then he quickly regretted it. "Oh, please forgive me. I didn't mean to say that."

Nikki smiled and said, "It's OK. I was hoping that you would feel that way." Then she took Brent by the hand and led him into the bedroom. Sitting down at her makeup table, she applied some lipstick and eye liner, and then let down her hair. Finally she stood again and slowly stripped off her sweater and bra, after which she shimmed out of her jeans and kicked them aside.

When Brent saw Nikki's naked body, he felt his pulse quicken and his breathe catch in his throat. She had carefully transformed herself into Nikki Lust; a blonde haired, blue eyed sex goddess with mischief on her mind and sin in her heart. Her body was simply spectacular with firm, full breasts, a slender waist, long shapely legs, and perfect, heart shaped ass. Smiling seductively, her tongue slid slowly over her half parted lips as she spread her legs slightly as she struck a provocative pose.

Brent gasped, "Oh my god." 

Nikki moved closer to him and helped him undress. Then she shifted him slightly and knelt before him. When she wrapped her warm, wet, slippery lips around the head of his swollen cock, he thought he was going to pass out. As she slowly began to suck and lick him, Brent realized she was watching his reaction in the mirror.

Brent groaned loudly as Nikki worked her magic on his hard wand. She gave the best head imaginable; a long, slow and extremely wet blowjob that was as erotic to watch as it was to experience. She moaned and hummed constantly as she licked and slurped, bringing him close to the edge several times, building his orgasm to a level he had never felt. Not only did she swallow when he came, but she kept on going afterwards, keeping him hard until he nearly came a second time. 

After that, Brent hungrily ate her sexy, naked pussy, determined to return the pleasure she had given him. Nikki softly encouraged him, guiding his slippery tongue and fingers with gentle moans of support until she exploded in a body thrashing orgasm, crying out his name. "Oh Brent, Ahhhh...It's so good." She was soon ready for more and hissed, "Oh Brent, give it to me now. I need to feel your hard cock inside me."

Then Brent learned the most amazing thing about Nikki. She could fuck even better than she sucked. When he penetrated her, it felt like his cock had slipped into a hot, slippery glove that was perfectly formed just for him. When he began to move, she moved with him, kneading and gripping his throbbing dick, extracting pleasure from it and returning it multiplied. She had such control over the muscles in her cunt that Brent was convinced she could make a statue cum. 

And cum he did, spurting again and again until his balls ached and his poor, tortured cock would rise no more. Exhausted, he gathered Nikki into his arms and slept like a dead man.

Lying in Brent's arms, Nikki listened to his slow, even breathing and the rhythmic beating of his heart. She had been with many men in her life, and a number of them had actually been lovers, but what she had experienced with him surpassed anything she had ever known or even imagined. It was as if Brent somehow knew her needs and desires better then she did.

Nikki was an intelligent, logical, educated woman but right now she felt like a cliché in a bad romance novel. Even though they had only met hours ago, she suddenly couldn't imagine her life without this man. She knew virtually nothing about him but she also knew her place was with him, caring for him and being cared for by him. It defied all logic and common sense, but she didn't care one bit. The last thought she had before drifting off to sleep was "I think I am in love."
