 Maneuvering his fighter outside of the hanger bay was easy enough and once Cerelia saw the stars she gave a small gasp of surprise. Mike was wondering why she was so excited about seeing the stars like this. When he asked, she replied, "I never seen the stars like this. When we were slaves we could only see the stars in the night sky and were never allowed onto the bridge of the ship to see them."

Mike felt a little sad for her, so she had seen so much pain and misery in your young life her young life. Holocaust survivors went through much of the same things during their captivity. He was going to cheer her up if it killed him to do it. He turned the small fighter towards the moon and brought the ship in low, nearly skimming the craggy surface. Cerelia grabbed his arm in an attempt to hold on to something, considering that there was no 'oh-shit-handle' installed in the fighter. He dipped in and out of craters, nearly crashing into a small outcrop rock formation. As they rounded the next valley they came upon the future site of the installation and saw five droids replicating parts, gathering materials, and creating more maintenance droids. The fighter gained altitude steadily, leaving the moon's surface behind them, then headed straight for Earth. It took them a couple of minutes to reach its atmosphere; he scanned the stratosphere looking for the probes that replaced the satellites in orbit. In the distance, the last probe destroyed the satellite it was to replace and began its new duty. As they broke into the atmosphere they could see stratospheric friction heating the nose of the craft. Mike activated the shielding and the friction stopped almost at once, so they enjoyed the rest of their descent. 

From the view he saw that they were nearing the western coast of Africa, which only had a few sprinklings of lights. In the twilight this continent seemed almost peaceful until he realized that civil wars and genocidal dictators have plagued this continent since they stop being colonies of other countries. He steered the fighter out to sea, heading in a westerly direction. He brought the fighter within seven feet of the calm sea then cruised back and forth in a lazy zigzag pattern. Cerelia had her face pressed against the canopy, trying to see everything at once. She squealed with delight when a school of flying fish broke the surface and flew for a few feet before landing back into the water. He pushed the accelerator with a 'little more gas' as it were and broke the sound barrier. The wake behind the craft was at least fifteen feet high and sparked in the growing sunlight the further they went west.

'Hmpf, by the time we reach the US shoreline it should be around noonish and we'll have to be more careful.' Mike thought.

He spared a moment to eye the sensors and noticed that twenty miles further ahead was a ship. He tightened the sensors directly on the vessel to get a more detailed idea of what he was dealing with. What the sensors reported almost caused Mike to have a heart attack. They were coming up on a US aircraft carrier and the sensors report that the ship was the USS KITTY HAWK (CV 63).

'For the time being, I'll just avoid her. Maybe a slight course correction to the south will handle it.' he surmised.

Gripping the controls more firmly, he made the course correction which veered the small craft slightly to the southwest. On their present course they would reach Florida in less than ten minutes. He would certainly enjoy the warm weather, hell maybe a quick stop in the Caribbean would be in order. The minutes ticked by slowly, until Mike noticed that something wasn't quite right. He checked the sensors and what he saw puzzled him even further. According to the sensors their current local had no wind, not even a faint stirring of a breeze. The sea also seemed to be unusually calm, almost placid. He ran a diagnostic program on all of the fighters systems just in case there was a bug in the system, though the results show all of the systems running at peek efficiency. The sensors started to beep rapidly, indicating something ahead. At first he was at a loss to he was seeing until it clicked in his brain. It was a rather large island surrounded by a makeshift reef of destroyed ships, planes, and subs.

'What the hell is this? There shouldn't be an island for thousand of miles in any direction.' he thought. 

"Mike, is every thing ok? You seem upset." Cerelia asked.

"Well honey, it seems that we're coming up on an island that shouldn't be there. I mean that our people have been mapping this world for countless centuries, starting from simple drawing to evolve into highly detailed computerized mapping satellites high up in orbit. I just can't believe that something as large as this island we're coming up on could be overlooked. Christ, that fucker at least two hundred miles long and one hundred mile wide. How the hell did they miss this?" Stated an exasperated Mike.

"Mike, what does 'fucker' mean?" Asked Cerelia.

He whipped his head around so fast that the bones in his neck pop of their own violation. When he looked at Cerelia, her face was one of naïveté, he relax just a fraction. "Uh, yeah, well it's a word only grown ups are aloud to use ok? So don't repeat it until your older, ok honey." 

He knew better but didn't want to discuss it at the moment. He heaved a sigh of relief when she accepted what he said and continued to watch the scenery. They'd reach the island within the next twenty seconds and he was just perplexed about their current situation. That was until the most unlikely of thoughts breach the consciousness of his being.

'No we couldn't be there. Could we? I mean we're in the southwestern region of the Atlantic. I thought those stories were a bunch of bull shit.' He thought.

Mike activated his comm, hoping they weren't where he thought they were.

"Sam, come in. Over."

"Yes, Captain. What can I do for you?" Sam asked.

"Are you uplinked to the Earth information networks yet?"

"Yes sir. I have been shifting through massive amounts of data for the last twenty minutes."

"Good, I need you to tell me where exactly my fighter is at currently. Then tie in those coordinates and search the internet. Then I want you to use one of our satellites to do an in-depth scan of the surrounding area." Ordered Mike.

"Please wait." And the silence there after almost drove Mike to the brink of insanity. He started to drum his fingers on the console in front of him, showing his impatience to his sole passenger.

"According to the coordinates and internet research, you are currently in the area known as 'The Bermuda Triangle'." Sam was quiet for a few minutes.

"Well, that's just fricking great. Where in the triangle are we?" He asked.

"Captain, you are in the exact center of the triangle. After scanning the area it appears there is a shield surrounding the island and a primitive cloaking device encompassing the entire triangle. While both of these devices are running at once it could cause electromagnetic interference. This would explain some of the occurrences some ships encounter while skirting the inner area of the triangle."

'Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!' He thought. 

"Hold up a sec." Mike said. He knew he needed to calm down so he started breathing very slowly with even breaths. He eventually began to rub the bridge of his nose in agitation.

"Explain then why we were able to pass through this shield and detect this island in the first place?" He finally asked.

"Well the reason is quit simple. They are primitive patched together pieces of 'shit'. These defenses are good enough to hide and shield the island from the rest of the planet but it is a complete fucking joke compared to our technological standard." Stated Sam.

"Oh." Mike barely whispered.

Cerelia was quiet the entire time, watching the island growing bigger as they got closer. The ship was close enough that they could discern the white sandy beach and palm trees jutting out randomly in the dunes turning into jungle inland. Further inland Mike could see what appeared to be a temple structure, which if he had to guess, looked something like an Aztec ziggurat. They both saw many indescribable objects in the jungle that was covered over by local vegetation. Now that they were close enough he began to explain about the triangle and its history, when she couldn't picture a certain ships look, he was able to point out almost every vessel on the reef. When he examined the reef up close and personal it almost made him sick at the utter waste. The reef was nothing but an overly large graveyard for ships. 

Entire hulls were ripped opened by spikes of jagged coral and hidden rocks, some vessel seem to just rest against the reef, as if they were anchored, while others had coral growth on their entire hulls. A few ships had been here for many decades while others were here for centuries, these being completely covered by coral without anything of the original structure showing. 

"What's that?" Cerelia asked, pointing to an object half a mile down the reef.

"Well, from here it looks like a US Liberty Ship. It looks old even from here and, if I didn't know any better, I'd say that it was made of concrete."

"So I take it not many ships were made like that then?" Said Cerelia, brows furrowed in concentration.

"Nope. Only a couple of hundred were every made with concrete. In fact an entire fleet of concrete Liberty Ships disappeared inside the triangle during World War II, hauling supplies or some such. They went in but they never came back out."

"Oh, that's just creepy!" Cerelia responded.

"Yeah, lots people disappeared because of this place. They dared to have the gale to cross the triangle. Hell, all of the near by countries have put up a strict no entry zone around the triangle. Nobody even tries to cross it anymore."

"So, are we going down there or what?" Cerelia asked.

"No, at least, not yet. We don't have the equipment or the supplies to explore this island. Right now there could be some hostile people down, who have been shipwrecked for years and have gone insane. We'll go back to the ship and plan this out first." he stated rather firmly. 

With that he skirted the island, following the coastline south until they reached the southern tip of the island. He followed the curve of the coast and once he was on the opposite side of the island he headed northeast. The island started to shrink behind them and they speed further north. It didn't take him too long to find exactly what he was looking for. Bermuda.

* * * * *

Meanwhile back aboard Darkstar...

"So you have any ideas?" Asked Jack.

"No, you got anything?" replied Mitch.

"If I did then I wouldn't have asked you, now would I? Christ, you'd think this would be the easy part."

"Yeah, I know the feeling."

"Hey, do you think we could get some television on the screen? If we could maybe we'll actually get some ideas."

"We should be able to do that since Sam's hooked up to the Earth's satellites."

Jack walked over to the wall console in the galley and started hitting some keys until he got the access to the satellite feed. After screwing around for about five minutes he finally got the TV feed up and started shifting through the 'stations' until he came upon Gene Roddenberry's :'Andromeda'.

"Keep going, we'll only get some ship designs from this show." Mitch said.

"Oh well, let's try again."

Five channels later Mitch came upon one of the greatest movies of all time, 'Spaceballs'. Jack and Mitch watched it for about twenty minutes, enjoying the classic comedy.

"Hey, I told you to fire across her nose, not up it." Dark Helmet said.

"Sorry sir, it's my first day." Replied the cross-eyed gunner.

"Colonel Sanders, who hired this man?" said Dark Helmet.

A Major stepped forward. "I did Sir, He's my cousin."

"What's you name?" Asked Colonel Sanders.

"Asshole, Major Asshole."

"How many Assholes do we have here?" asked Dark Helmet.

"Yo." Bellowed the rest of the bridge crew.

"I knew it, I'm surrounded by Assholes!" exclaimed Dark Helmet

Jack and Mitch laughed for two minutes. When they were both done Jack said that he never got tried of watching that movie.

"Ok, back to work." Jack said.

After searching for another twenty minutes Mitch came upon a marathon on the Sci-fi channel of 'Stargate: SG-1'. This proved to hold some interesting concepts, though it would take time to implement them. Mitch had Sam download all of the Stargate sessions into a research archive for assimilation later. Jack took a turn and started to switch the 'channels' randomly and when he stop he had some how accessed Comcast's "On-Demand" feature. He saved this for entertainment later on in the day, which he was sure it would break some of the tension on board. While he was scanning the available titles for "On-Demand," he found a cornucopia of science fiction ideas. Mitch looked at what Jack found and cracked a lopsided grin.

"Yeah, that will definitely work. Star Wars 'Revenge of the Sith', is a good start, but see if you can get the other movies too. Can't have one without the other five. I gonna make another file for them so they don't get mixed up."

So Mitch created a file just for the 'Star Wars' trilogy's, which he mistakenly placed in a little used subdirectory.

* * * * *

Down on the surface of the Moon... The maintenance droids start to communicate with each other in order to construct the military installation as quickly as possible. 

'Error, error, unknown event has occurred.'

'Requesting building parameters from main interface.'

'Access to main interface failed.'

'Access to backup archive, transmitting now.' 

'Access granted. Proceed.'

'Warning, file corruption detected. Emergency shutdown initiated.'

'Emergency shut down failed. Corruption spreading to other units.'

'Emergnjcnen9uncvn... 01001000101000101100... hiienASONOCNVRNRW'

'nefnbfjnrtfnnmrigimae[onngennbjnfavnn.'

'vnhrugbrtuibfjobrgpirbutbihhgf/.'

'death Star. Convert entire Moon Surface into the Death Star.'

'New commands accepted.'

'Downloading military installation schematics code-named: Death Star.'