 I still remember the day that I finally got my hands on a Genesis; it was Christmas Day and I was hunkered down in my apartment with my fiancé. A fierce snow storm relentlessly tormented the outside world but didn't affect me or Sarah, my fiancé, inside. We just exchanged gifts and had plans to go to her parents' house afterwards, the storm, however, had different plans for us. The roads were in horrible condition and our car was packed in heavily with snow. We were stuck at home.

Sarah had given me the Genesis as a present and I was dumbfounded. She must have been saving up for months just to get me this present. I wasn't that surprised that she got it, after all, I was dropping heavy hints that I wanted it.

The Genesis was announced five months earlier and as time progressed the excitement for it grew even more intense. What made it appealing wasn't that it was virtual reality, it was that when you put the helmet on your head you were literally inside of the game. The moment you powered the system on your consciousness was converted into code and transported into the game. Needless to say, I was psyched.

Today, Christmas Day, was the first day they were opening up the servers for everybody to play. Of course there were beta testers and admins but beyond that nobody had any idea of what was in store for them.

I glanced at the clock, "11:30 am." Sarah gave me a nod of approval allowing me to disconnect from her for a little while and start my journey in the Genesis. I placed the helmet on my head, plugged it into the wall to avoid it dying while I was in it, and pressed the power button on the side.

Lights flashed and colors whizzed past my face. Two white hands formed and I tried to move them. There was no delay, it was just like in real life. I gasped. A keyboard appeared in front of my face and text appeared overhead that read, "Pick a Username." I typed the name "Beilo" and hit "enter". More words formed above me, "Character Creation Phase." A small diagram of a person materialized in front of me with many different options to change the physical features of your avatar.

After about a half an hour later I finally designed my character perfectly. I tried to make "Beilo" look a little like me. Of course, I did adjust a few things. I made my jaw a little more chiseled, I made myself a little more buff, I added an extra two inches to my height, and I made my dick a wee-bit longer; not too long but still impressive. Besides those minor changes my character looked exactly like me.

"Finish Character Creation? YES-NO," it read overhead. I selected the "yes" option as another wondrous display of lights flashed before my eyes. My character materialized atop a grassy hill with blue skies and various items scattered about. 

"Pick a class," the words read above me. On the ground surrounding me were various weapons that each were tagged with words. There was a bow, "Archer," a sword, "Swordsman," a staff, "Mage," a battle-axe, "Heavy," and a dagger, "Stealth." Of course after you picked a class you could still use the other weapons but staying with the weapon class that you picked allows for easier leveling up in the future.

The Archer class had its pros and its cons. Using a bow you could easily do damage to a target from some distance away. But what it gained in range it lacked in damage. using a bow you would do considerably less damage than Swordsman or Heavy.

The Swordsman class was the go-to class for many people in the Genesis. Using a sword was not only fast-paced but it also dealt quite a bit of damage. Since using swords is so fast-paced it required amazing response time. Swords also don't allow for a lot of range so the user also risks getting struck in the close proximity of the fight.

The Heavy class was the class you would pick if you wanted to the most amount of damage possible. Using heavy weapons, like battle-axes and great-swords, gave the user a little more range and allowed them to deal a lot of damage. The heavy class does, however, swing significantly slower than the swordsman.

The Stealth class relied heavily on silence. The whole point is to not be seen or heard. Smaller weapons work well with the stealth class but most don't do a lot of damage. Of course, what makes this class so appealing is that weapons have a massive damage bonus when they're used while sneaking. A good weapon could probably take out a level eighty player in one hit. The Stealth class also reduces how heavy the armor is that you're using allowing for faster movement. Light armors work best with this class.

Finally, The Mage class. This class allows for a lot of freedoms within game. Magic ranges around all forms of combat and also add a deeper level to the game. You can heal, hurt, detain, and so much more to any character (outside of safe zones of course). You can also create your own spells, that's one of the things that makes this class so cool. There are a few downsides, though. Since mage robes boost magic abilities they become the main article of clothing to that class. Mage robes, however, have an armor rating of zero, this makes it considerably more difficult to defend yourself. There are spells that can be used to defend yourself, though. Another major turnoff to The Mage class is that it requires a lot of memorization. In order to use a spell you must say the words in the correct order and with the correct infliction. They reminded me of console commands in other single-player video games.

With all of this information in mind, after reviewing the various options, and after balancing the pros and cons of each class, I made my decision. I picked up the staff and an alert flashed on my screen. 

"Confirm Class Selection? YES-- NO," I clicked the "yes" option as the floor began to mold away. Bright blue pixels flurried around my eyes as my body materialized in a town. "New Town" read on top of my view. Before my eyes I saw a green power bar, health, a blue power bar, magic, and a yellow power bar, stamina. The faster I ran, the faster my yellow power bar depleted. As I slowed down the bar began to replenish itself. I switched to third person to see what I looked like. I was wearing a brown robe with a hood and draped below my knees. I walked out of New Town and journeyed to the entrance of the forest trail.

Hundreds of players flocked to the gate out of the town and made their way through the forest. I opened my inventory and saw what spells I had. A side menu labeled, "Spells," was available for me to click on. I had three available spells to use. Heal self, "Heilsa." Fire punches, "Eldur." Armor defense, "Brynja." 

"Heilsa," I spoke to myself as my body emitted a green light from its skin, "Hmm, isn't that 'Health' in Icelandic?" My health didn't increase at all, since it was at its max, but my magic bar did deplete. Off to my right I noticed a large hog hurtling towards me. I quickly jumped to my right as it went battling past me.

"Agility Level: 1," flashed on my screen before quickly dissolving.

"Uh, Brynja!" I yelled, pronouncing it correctly in its Icelandic form. My skin emitted a blue light as a small picture of a shield appeared on the lower left-hand corner of my view. "Ten minutes," it read next to it.

"Eldur!" My fists began to glow red with flames. I ran towards the animal and it ran towards me. At two feet away I jumped above the beast and punched down at it. Its hide caught fire and it squealed in pain. A tiny red triangle appeared over the animal's head and its health bar became visible to me. The green bar slowly shrank as the fire burned away at its fur. He turned and once again charged for me. I waited for it to make its way to me. I punched it once more, this time, it didn't return. The hog's lifeless body fell to the ground as an alert flashed on my screen. A small window became visible to me that read, "Loot. - Hog Hide, Cooked Hog Meat. EXP. Gained- 50," I selected the two items and put them into my inventory. The Hog Meat had an alert over its icon labelled, "Expiration- Two days." Also in my inventory was a map of Alheimurinn, the name of the world we were currently inside of. Alheimurinn means "Universe" in Icelandic.

"Magic Level: 2," I walked away from the hog as its corpse exploded into a billion little blue pixels that soon dispersed into the air. I walked back into town in order to find a merchant that I could sell the hog hide to which wasn't very difficult to do since New Town is basically one long strip of salesmen and women.

I walked to the first merchant I saw and initiated conversation.

"Hello," I said, "I have this Hog Hide here and I would like to sell it."

"Yes, no problem," he said, "I value this item at about thirty coins. Would you like to sell it?

"Yes."

"Okay great, transaction complete," he assured as a small "ding" played in my ear.

As I left the merchant's stand something in the town had shifted its form. The pathway that paved the floor turned blood red as arrows pointed to the center of town. I followed the arrows to the center where a large fountain, in the shape of the Genesis helmet, stood proudly. Atop the fountain sat the avatar for the game's creator, Skapari. Thousands of players surrounded him and cheered in unison but his expression remained unfazed. In fact, he seemed sort of... sad. Tears streamed down his face as his eyes widened and peered down at his disciples.

"Quiet!" He yelped at the top of his lungs, he was never this intense during interviews, something odd was happening, "I-I I'm sorry." Players quickly silenced and paid close attention to Skapari. "As some of you may have noticed, the logout option is unavailable. There is no way out of this game." People around me began to panic but still maintained their composure enough to hear the creator speak again. "You will not be permitted to exit the game until the final boss has been beaten." He paused to absorb the deafening silence. A maniacal grin crept across his face, "And if you die in the game... YOU DIE IN REAL LIFE." He paused again, "Shock waves will be sent into your brain, frying it just enough to kill you." He cackled for a short while until it escalated into a full-blown laugh. He then took his sword out of his sheathe and stabbed himself through the head. Blood pooled around his feet as his limp body fell to the ground. The water in the fountain was stained red with his blood.

Players frantically ran aimlessly around until finally calming down hours later. Tears swelled up in my eyes and I wept. I knew that everybody around me felt the same way that I did about this issue so I wasn't worried about crying in public. 

"Sarah," I gasped, "Why? Why!? WHY!?" I cried even louder for an hour longer. I began to come to terms with the situation. If I wanted to get out of here... I HAD TO FIGHT MY HARDEST! 

I ran into the woods without an aim in sight, what a horrible idea...

Off into the distance I saw a bright blue light emanating through the trees. I ran for about three hours away from any other player. The sun has set revealing an amazing amount of beautiful stars twinkling in the night sky. I walked to the light like a moth to the flame to find a gruesome scene. A girl, maybe two years younger than I was (twenty-five), was bound with ropes on the floor facing an enormous bonfire. Next to the girl stood a beautiful, angelic spirit that floated above the ground. Her skin was bright blue and she wore a huge wedding dress. Her black hair floated off of her head and waved in every direction. the girl on the floor was also wearing the default mage robes that players spawned with in New Town. "Hazel," her gamertag read above her head. She had long white hair, wide red eyes, ample breasts, and cute little cheekbones. I regretted admiring her figure since I was engaged. 

The forest woman turned to me and slowly floated over. 

"Hello," she whispered, "Do you like what you see?" Her eyes glowed bright pink as she stared intensely into my soul. I was locked into her gaze. Her irises sparkled as she observed me. I felt my dick begin to get hard against my will.

"What is going on?" I muttered. I felt my cheeks get rosy with anticipation. Her hands traveled down my body and stopped at my junk. She rubbed my penis through the robe as I reluctantly moaned. I couldn't control my arousal. She lifted my robe and pulled the underwear down underneath it. My length flopped out, already coated with pre-cum. Her hand gripped my penis and slowly massaged it as her other hand wrapped my arms in ropes. I moaned once more as her hand sped up. 

She sat me down on the ground in front of the fire with her hand still beating away at my cock. "I need to do something," I thought to myself. I glanced over at Hazel who was staring blankly at the fire. She was brain washed. 

A red triangle appeared over the lady's head signaling to me that she was an enemy. As this happened she inched her head closer to my cock until her lips met the tip. She took the whole thing. 

My legs writhed with pleasure as I attempted to keep my mind from getting foggy. I had to think of a way out of this. 

"Eldur," I managed to whisper as my hands glowed red with flames. The ropes burned and I slapped the blue woman across the face. Her eyes turned red and I fell out of her spell. She hissed at me, showing me her sharpened fangs. 

"Erotic Fairy," it read next to her health bar. I slapped her once more across the face. Her hands began to emit a soft pink light. She faced her palms to me as the light got stronger. I then felt wave after wave of pleasure manifest in my penis with out anybody touching it. I was close to orgasm. I subconsciously humped the air but quickly snapped out of it. I reeled back my fists for one more punch and fiercely let it rip in her face. She gasped for air as her body exploded into a million blue pixels. 

From the loot I received an Erotic Magic Robe, it was bright blue with dark purple stripes and was labeled as "rare", and two new spells. One spell was called, "Plezuro." 

"Plezuro gives the caster to capitalize on the fact that his/her target is aroused. This attack does no damage but does make it extremely difficult for the target to fight," the description explained. 

The second skill was called, "Wekken."

"Wekken makes it so that when eye-contact is made between the caster and the target, the target becomes highly aroused to the point of immobility," the description explained once more. Exited the menu when I noticed I made it to magic level 6. 

I averted my attention to the girl crouched on the ground who was still tied up. I walked over to her but she didn't acknowledge my presence. I burned the ropes off of her hands allowing them to be free. Immediately her hands made their ways to her pussy. She began ferociously masturbating right in front of me. 

"Oh yes!" She moaned, "Ooooh." She laid on her back with her knees in the air as she pawed at her cunt. This display made me realize how horny I was from this whole ordeal. I couldn't help it. I whipped out my cock and began stroking away. The girl got up and brought her lips to my dick. I flipped around and brought my mouth to her dripping pussy. We ate each other for a good half an hour until we both finally came. 

"Oh, my god," Hazel sighed, "That was insane. Where'd you learn to eat someone out like that?"

"My fianceé," I replied glumly, "I cant believe we just did that. I feel so guilty." I began to cry. I ruined the trust between Sarah and me. There was no way that I would ever let this go. 

"Relax, dude, it's just a game," she assured me as she slowly massaged her clit a little more. 

"It's not 'just a game' anymore. Now, this is reality," I combatted. 

"Listen dude, you're not going to get anywhere in this game if you keep letting your real life get in the way. Rule number one of gaming: your personal life stays out of the equation," she advised. 

"I can't just cheat on my girl like that," I groaned, wiping the tears from my eyes. 

"Fine, but leave me out of it. Anyway, I'm Hazel, nice to meet you. This is my camp for the night," she stuck her moist hand out for me to grab it. I declined. 

"Hi, Hazel, I'm Beilo," I gave her a fist bump instead.

That night Hazel and I started a party together and from then on we were best friends in the Genesis. But, we would grow closer as time went on. 

We both stayed on the ground, watching the stars twinkle in the sky, and fell asleep.