 Before the game resumes I just wanted to say that I never expected this to get as popular as it did. Thank you so much!

*******************************************************

The soft morning breeze tickled my skin causing my hair to stand on end. Wow, I thought, the attention-to-detail in this game is unbelievable. I sat up and observed my surroundings. 

Tall sugar pine trees towered above our heads as swift rays of sunlight crept through the branches. The sky was a pale blue with only a few clouds in my view. I stood up on my legs as the harsh reality of this entire situation set in.

I might never get out of here. I might never get married, or have kids, or even see Sarah again. I felt my head slump on my shoulders as a single tear dropped off the tip of my nose. My breathing shortened and I began to cry.

"Hey, Pussy," Hazel interrupted, "You're kinda' ruining the view!" She took deep breath in through her nose and let air release through her mouth with an "Ahhh."

"What's your problem?" I muttered, turning my head to look at her.

"What's yours?" She snarkily replied.

"I had a fiancé, you know this," I shot.

"Ahh, I see..." she inquired with a smirk.

"What?"

"You said that you had a fiancé," she rolled her eyes, "You've already given up, haven't you?"

"What? No!" I shouted.

"Seems like you did... Listen, I want to get out of here just as much as you do, maybe even more. But the more time we spend bathing in our sadness, the more time we waste. We could be training right now, we could fight a boss, we could do so much but you have to be a little pussy." I wiped the tears away from my eyes and allowed my eyebrows to assume their natural position.

"I'm not a pussy," I said as I opened my inventory.

"Really? Then prove it," she smiled and walked away from the camp, "Come on, we have some shit to do." I followed her.

We walked back to the trail that I wandered away from the night before and trekked away form New Town. Only a few players populated the trail, most of them were already in the next town over, Pineville. 

We hiked for a few hours until the outline of Pineville finally emerged over the horizon. A sigh escaped my lips. We were walking for such a long time and Hazel wouldn't allow any breaks. I opened my inventory and equipped the cooked hog meat. I brought it to my lips and chomped through its flesh.

The flavor of the meat expanded over my tongue and slipped down my throat. The realism in this game was nothing but astounding. My eyes widened with surprise at the taste of the meat. Although it was unflavored, it still tasted better than I expected.

Hazel and I entered Pineville through the main gate and were immediately greeted by an NPC (non-player character).

"Hello, traveler!" he cheered. He was probably just a little bit taller than I was with a brown beard that ended just above is chest. He wore a flannel shirt that was tucked into overalls and thick boots that adorned his feet.

"Hi," Hazel acknowledged.

"I was wondering if you would like to help me with a mission? Do you accept?" He stuck out his hand for one of us to shake it. I looked to Hazel for confirmation, she nodded, and I gripped his hand.

"Great!" He cheered, "Was out chopping wood with my daughter when a family of wolves attacked. Sadly, my daughter and I were separated and now she's lost. My wife and I are extremely worried. Can you find her and bring her back here?"

"We sure can!" Hazel chimed, "Where were you two when you were separated?"

"We were just beyond that hill," he pointed, "When you see a bunch of tree stumps you'll know you're in the right place."

"Quest Accepted!" A notification read on the top of my view. The two of us walked over to the hill and stood at the very top. 

Atop the hill we saw a huge gorge with a small stream running through the middle. Crystals of light refracted off of the surface and sparkled as the day pursued. Trees aligned the walls of the gorge that created the perfect shelter for the animals behind them. To our left we saw a plateau with various tree stumps scattered about. That was our objective.

I pointed the plateau out to Hazel, she smiled, and we journeyed down the hill to the location. 

"Beilo," she spoke, finally breaking the silence, "Did you get anything for beating the Erotic Fairy?" I remembered the two spells and the robe, but I decided against telling her.

"No, nothing except for some xp and money," I lied. 

"Oh, I was hoping you would get something cool. It was a pretty difficult enemy afterall," she smiled. She nudged me with her elbow and winked. I kept my eyes on the ground and continued walking to our destination. 

After a few more minutes of walking I picked my head back up and looked at her. I found myself admiring her breasts before quickly pushing those thoughts out of my head. What am I doing? I have a fiancé! She noticed my gaze and slyly smiled at me.

A little while later we finally made it to the plateau. Tree stumps littered the ground almost like a WWII minefield. She and I looked hastily around to find some sort of evidence as to where the girl had gone. I walked to the southern end of the area when I noticed footprints that appeared to belong to some sort of dog.

"Hey, over here!" I called. She came jogging over as her breasts bounced with each hop. I shook my head and snapped back to reality. 

"What is it?" She inquired.

"These," I gestured to the ground, "Paw prints, they're leading into the woods."

Her ears perked as she promptly grabbed my hand and rushed into the forest. Dodged tree limb after tree limb as we quickly dashed through the woods. We followed the trail to a small cave that was indented into the side of a rock face.

"I would assume that's it," I chuckled. Together we entered the den and equipped our fists.

"Eldur," she whispered. She used her flame hands to illuminate the cave as we shuffled through. I did the same.

"AHHHHHHH!" A woman shrieked near us immediately followed by howls of wolves. We looked at each other and quickened our paces through the darkness. 

Shortly after dropping over a small ledge we found a room that was completely illuminated with fire. In the room was five wolves and a young woman sitting in the very back.

"Well, look what we have here," one of the wolves matter-of-factly spoke, "Two little pests managed to sneak into our lair, unbeknownst to us! Now that doesn't happen very often. What do you want from us? You're not trying to take this girl, are you?"

"Actually, we are," I stated.

"Really? Now why is that?" He coaxed.

"The girl's father said that a bunch of wolves came by and took her, I'm guessing that's you," Hazel pressed.

"You guessed correctly," a smaller wolf from the back affirmed, "But we had good reason to do so."

"You did?" I asked, lowering my hands.

"We did," he answered, "We have continuously warned the girl and her father not to continue chopping down the trees in our quadrant of the forest. Obviously they didn't listen. One night, not too long after, the two of them entered our den and attempted to slaughter all of us, including our babies. They proved mildly successful and managed to do quite a bit of damage to the integrity of our pack. Luckily we fought the two of them off. The next day we went out and kidnapped the woman away from her father. And here we are now." He showed his fangs and inched closer to us.

"The man didn't tell us any of that!" I grumbled and turned to the girl, "Hey, how old are you?" Her head spun around to meet my view.

"I'm twenty-seven," She answered.

"Good, I wouldn't want to hurt a child..." my flaming fists grew even more ferocious than before. The wolves stepped back and turned towards the woman.

"Wait, you want to fight her?" A smaller wolf asked.

"Yes," I responded with fury in my eyes.

"Wrong choice," she threatened as she rose from her seated position, "You don't know my power..." She stuck her right hand out with all of her fingers fully extended as a huge lumberjack's axe materialized in her grip. Without warning she lunged at me. I had just barely enough time to dodge her attack.

A red triangle formed above her head. Her name read, "Annabell."

I made a tighter fist and punched her in the back of the head. She swung around and struck me with her axe, sending my body across the room. Hazel took this opportunity to use her fists to strike the woman in her side. Following this attack the woman swung at Hazel and struck her in the side of the head. Her body was also thrown across the room as her health bar depleted to below half of its original amount.

"Fuck," I whispered, I had no choice. I swiftly opened up my inventory and equipped the robe I earned the previous night.

"Hey, Fuckwit!" I called to get her attention, "Wekken!" I saw the pink light of my eyes radiate onto the ground in front of me. The woman slowed her pace and stood slouched in the center of the room. My magic bar shrunk to just above half of the magic I had before. 

"Plezuro!" I shouted at her. Her face immediately became a deep red as a soft moan escaped her lips. She fell to the floor and stuck her hand into her pants. Her elbow moved with the rhythms of her hips as she rubbed her throbbing pussy in front of everybody.

"What the fuck?" She gasped with an extremely loud, "OHh yes," following soon after. My dick began to grow in my robe but I ignored it and used the opportunity to attack. I jumped up above the woman and struck my fist down into her face. While I was on top of her she grabbed me by the shoulders and forced me to the ground below her. She hastily lifted my robes up, pushed down my undergarments, and slid my cock into her pussy. 

"Oh, fuck," I moaned through my teeth, "I didn't, oh oh, expect this at, oh, all."

"What the fuck is going on!?" Hazel shouted from behind me.

"OH OH!" Annabell moaned.

"Just do something, quick!" I commanded as pleasure was sent through my dick and to the rest of my body. My toes pointed forward and my asscheeks clenched. "Ohhh fuck. I-I'm close." My eyes rolled back in my head as the NPC humped the thoughts right out of my head. I couldn't move, I couldn't think, I could only fuck. I began fucking her back when Hazel leapt forward and punched through Annabell's skull. Her body exploded into a million blue pixels leaving me alone, on the verge of orgasm, with my dick in the air.

"Fuck, you could let me finish at least, damn," I complained as I sat up from the ground.

"Fine, then," she groaned. She brought her lips to the tip of my cock and sucked it to the bottom of the shaft. She bobbed her head up and down as I laid back onto the ground, again. Her tongue, swirled my tip as her hands began to fondle my ball sack. I could tell that she felt my balls tighten because she sucked even faster and harder. I couldn't hold it any longer. I shot stream after stream of thick, hot cum into her throat. She swallowed each massive load I dropped and started sucking even harder. A long, desperate groan escaped my lips when she finally let go of my dick. 

"Holy shit," I gasped with my dick still in the air.

"I expect some compensation for that," she said, "You better make that up to me." 

"Fine..." I agreed. I pulled my underwear back up and let the robe hang as I stood up.

"You two did splendidly," the chief dog cheered, "Thank you so much for helping us handle that woman."

The words, "Magic Level: 10," flashed in my view before my spoils of the fight were given to me. I didn't get anything but 100 xp and 300 coins. Hazel's eyes were focused on the air in front of her, I assumed she was looking at her gains as well.

"What'd you get?" I asked.

"I got a few hundred xp, some money, and get this," she paused, "Conjure familiar, úlfur. I guess because I got the final hit." The second noise stopped escaping her lips a flash of light shone on her side and a black wolf with red eyes took its place. 

"That'll definitely come in handy," she boasted. The three of us made it to the exit of the cave when the wolf suddenly disappeared into nothing. We hiked back to the city and entered a small inn called, "The Drag-Inn." I chuckled at the name. She bought rented a room with two beds and waited for me to come in.

As I entered the room I was greeted by the lovely figure of a sexy naked lady. 

"I know you have issues with this," she began, "but you have to remember that this is just a game. You're not cheating on Sarah." Hazel remembered her name. I blushed.

I took off my robe, underwear, and shoes and met her on her bed. She laid on her back with her knees spread out in the air. 

"Eat my pussy, Beilo," she commanded. A smile snuck onto my face as I climbed between her legs. I stuck my tongue into her dripping cunt as her legs tightened around my head. I desperately ate her pussy for a few minutes. Her breath shortened even more than it was before. She must be close. I let my hand replace my tongue as I shuffled up to kiss her. I then took my hand away from her wet pussy and fondled her breasts.

"No please!" She begged, "I need you now!" I flipped over and inserted my cock into her warm and wet vagina. I pumped in and out, watching her tits jiggle with each thrust. Her eyes shut and a huge smile now occupied her face. Her tongue flopped out of her mouth and a moan escaped her lips every time my penis entered her. Her hands ran through my hair and cupped my ass as drool dripped from her mouth and down her chest. I stuck my head in between her tits as I humped and sucked on a nipple. Her legs kicked beneath me while her hands explored my biceps. 

"I'm so close..." she cried.

I smirked and whispered, "Plezuro." Her eyes shot wide open as she released the loudest, most high pitched, sexiest moan I've ever heard in my entire life. The walls of her pussy tightened even more around my cock making it very difficult not to cum. 

"OH MY FUCKING GOD!" She yelped, "OH ah ah OOAoo." I tried my hardest to get at least three more humps in before I came. I could only handle about two more before I sent my cum straight into her pussy. She flipped me over and humped me even harder than I humped her as I came. 

"Oh, shit," I moaned, eyes rolling back in my head. She climbed off of me and licked all of the cum around my dick before taking one last suck at the tip. My body shuddered. She laid down next to me with her tits pressed against my arm. I rubbed her clit with my hand as we both drifted to sleep.

I woke up the next morning, but, something was off. I tried sitting up but I was already bound to a chair. A dark figure of a woman stood before me when I noticed that I was completely naked. It was a player wearing dark black robes and a black face mask. I could see the outline of her mounds through the robes. Her gamertag read, "Scarlett."

"Beilo," she spoke, "I see that you managed to pick up a few nifty tricks with your magic... Wekken." After she spoke her last word I felt my dick grow in anticipation.

"How do you-?"

"-Know this?" she finished my sentence, "The same way you do, by beating an Erotic Fairy. Which reminds me." She placed a ball gag in my mouth so that I wasn't able to speak.

"This is gonna be a fun night," she purred.