 Chapter 1: 

Veronica "V" Stone 

V woke up after the blessing of the sun shining its light through the opened shades of the window. V did not need to go outside to tell how beautiful it is. To V it didn't matter if the clouds were dark grey, lightening lighting up the sky, or it would be pouring rain. Nature was beautiful. If only she could control it in her favor. But instead she developed something bigger. 

As V got up out of bed, the first thing she did was get down on her bare hands and toes and she did 30 pushups. A routine she promised she would do every morning. After feeling the blood flow and bones cracking from certain release, V got up and walked right into the den and then sat down on the soft blue carpet with her legs stretched forward. She leaned forward reaching up to touch her toes. After a few seconds in that position, she sat back up and spread her legs until they were parallel with her body. Slowly she leaned forward placing her whole entire body flat on the floor while her legs still planted on both sides. V loved stretching. It made her feel like a sweet release from 6 hours of her body going back to normal. 

After freeing her body from its stiffness, V jumped back up on her feet and went to the kitchen to fix her breakfast. Scrambled eggs, two pieces of bacon, and one French toast with one squared butter melting in the center. The greatest breakfast of the morning. 

After she finished her breakfast, V placed her empty but greased plate in the sink and washed it with faucet water. Then she went back to her room and searched in her closet. She took out long, sweat, and tight pants flexible enough to move easily when jogging. Then she found a grey tank top and put it on. The half shirt pressed hard against her voluptuous breasts, keeping them held in place in case of strenuous movement. 

V grabbed the keys to the apartment and put it in her pocket. She opened the door and turning the small, iron, button to make sure it is locked while she was gone. Many of her neighbors warned her to be careful while she is jogging through the neighborhood. Lord knows what type of crazies out there watching helpless, young, women like her so they can jump out of some strange place and grab her. Forcing her down on the ground, beat the crap out of her (If she fought back), and skillfully tear away her clothes revealing every part of her anatomy, just so the perv can get off raping her. Or at least that's what they thought. 

V walked down the hall passing by every door in the apartment until she made it to the last door. She opened it letting the warm sun to shine on her body waking her up from her tiredness and feeling energetic as if her body was absorbing the sun's ray. V soaked everything in and walked straight to the black top. Already stretched and pumped up, she began her jog knowing that she didn't need to do that. But just because she was already physically toned, doesn't mean she should be lazy. 

Chapter 2: 

Cassidy Monroe 

Cassidy Monroe got out of bed as she woke from the sun shining through her open window. By the look outside it was a beautiful day. Cassidy sat on the edge of the bed raising her arms up in the air so she could hear and feel her bones cracking by stretching. Right then and there she felt awake and alive. 

Cassidy got out of bed and walked into her bathroom turning on the light and facing the mirror. She looked hard at herself. There was some baggage under her eyes but it would go away soon. Right now she needed to take care of some minor hygiene such as brushing her teeth and fixing her hair to the point where it was tied back in a pony tail. She went back in her room and searched in her closet for her blue, short sleeve, shirt. Blue, matching, sweat pants. And her matching, blue, foam solid Sketchers that were meant for running. Cassidy didn't believe the shoes made the man, but as long as she was comfortable and they didn't wore out, she was game. She didn't believe in jogging pants that were so tight her ass popped out. Or wearing a wonder bra that tightened her chest to the point people could get an idea of the size and look of her breasts. If she wanted to reveal herself that badly, she might as well work at a Gentlemen's Club. The exercise clothes people came up with for women were probably a man's idea. Not to mention sexist. 

Cassidy stepped out of her apartment and took in the wonderful scent of fresh air. Like she thought in her room, the ray of the sun made her surroundings and her neighborhood looked like it was blessed. And Cassidy was energized enough to start the day of with a long jog that was going to drop some of the calories that she consumed last night. 

Cassidy was slim, but not skinny. Just the right amount of body mass men looked forward in a woman. 

Confident and ready, Cassidy started her jog. Jogging away from her apartment and on the black, tar, concrete, she made her way down the street to get her first activity over with so she can concentrate on others. 

Chapter 3: 

Chance encounters 

Cassidy waited in line with her bestfriend, Shanika Roland. They have stood in line for almost 30 minutes before they finally made it to the front. There were two other women in front of them standing before a tall, ball headed, black man, wearing dark glasses, black short sleeve shirt that said, "SECURITY", across his massive squared chest. 

The security guard looked down at the two Caucasian women and made his final decision. "Sorry, I can't let you two in." 

The two Caucasian women glanced at each other and back at the security guard. "What the fuck do you mean, "You can't let us in"?" One of them asked. 

"I mean what you think I mean. I can't let you in." 

The two Caucasian women glanced at each other as if they were told a nasty joke and back at him again. "That's fucking bullshit!" The other woman on the right shot out. 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah that's life. Sorry ladies but you have to go party somewhere else." The security guard turned to the long line of other desperate party goers. "Next!" His expression was as if he was a magician who just made the women disappear in thin air. 

The women stared acidly at the security guard but knew it was pointless. Angry and frustrated but accepting the disappointment, the two women left together. 

Cassidy and Shanika stepped up in front of the security guard both staring up at him. Cassidy didn't know what expression she had on her face. Hopefully it was confidant as Shanika who smiled so brightly as if she was posing for a modeling agency. 

The security guard looked Shanika up and down, then turned to Cassidy doing the same. "Is she with you?" He asked Cassidy who glanced at Shanika puzzled and back at him. 

"Yes." 

The security guard turned back to Shanika looking like he was not sure he could trust her with his life. He turned to the other security guards and back at Cassidy. He made a signal that it was okay to enter. 

Cassidy glanced at Shanika who also looked puzzled. "Is she coming too?" 

The security guard stared down at Cassidy like she just asked a stupid question. "You two are together right?" 

Cassidy shrugged knowing that the guard had a point. But Shanika's once sexy pose turned sour after noticing the guard ignoring her and his focus on her bestfriend. Disappointed or rude as it may look, it did not stop the women from entering the club. 

Inside the club was happening. It was hard for Cassidy to see, since it was dark and was only lit up by the minimal flash of moving light. But she could see that the club was pact with men and women dancing up against each other, either by choice or not. The DJ was playing all kinds of music that suited the people. Hip-Hop, R&B, Alternative, Techno, and a combination of both. 

"Damn," Shanika spoke out loud over the hard music, "this is what I'm talk' in about. Cassidy girl, let's get someth'in to drink. I'm thirsty." 

Cassidy rolled her eyes and sighed. She swore she caught Shanika drinking something when she came over her house. Whatever it was, it almost left her a little tipsy. But lucid enough that she was able to talk and walk with her to the club. 

"Come on girl!" Shanika cried as she grabbed Cassidy's hand and pulled her into the crowd of dancing people until they finally made it to the bar. 

The bartender was Caucasian and also bald. He was a little smaller than the security guard outside but his broad shoulders and clear cut, bulging arms, that looked so tight Cassidy and Shanika could see the serpent veins that told them that he too was someone you did not want to get drunk or act a fool with. 

Spotting them appearing at the bar, he stepped up and leaned over the counter so he could hear clearly. "What will it be ladies?" 

"I would like a, "Sexy Bitch", please?" Shanika spoke first. 

Cassidy have never heard of such a drink in her life, but knowing Shanika she loved going to clubs if she had the opportunity. So she was a pro when it came to drinks. 

The bartender turned to Cassidy. "And you ma'am?" 

"A Bloody Mary please?" Cassidy answered. 

The bartender nodded. "A Sexy Bitch and Bloody Mary com'in right up." And he left to fix the women their drinks. 

Shanika turned to her bestfriend surprised. "Cassi?" 

Cassidy turned to Shanika who had this disappointed look on her face. "What?" 

"A Bloody Mary?" 

Cassidy eyes looked like she didn't get where her bestfriend was getting at. "Yeah, so what?" 

"Cassi girl, you gotta come with something better than that." 

Cassidy rolled her eyes understanding where her bestfriend was getting at. "Look I'm not looking to get too drunk, especially in this place." 

Shanika looked at Cassidy like she said something offensive. "What you mean, "This place", what's wrong with this place?" 

Cassidy didn't know how to explain it to Shanika but tried to anyway. "It's just that this is not my scene that's all." 

"And what is your scene?" 

Cassidy shrugged. That was a good question. A question she had no answer. "I just think going to clubs are not my thing that's all. I mean the place is so crowded, I feel like I'm being smothered, claustrophobic, or something. Besides half of their music I play in my car when I'm going to work anyway." 

"Girl please, you don't know how to make half of the music they play in here." Shanika shot back. 

But that didn't stop Cassidy from disagreeing with her. "Still, I rather listen to music in the safety of my car or at home." 

Now it was Shanika's turn to roll her eyes. "Girl please stop acting scary. Nobody is going to hurt you. Besides, I wouldn't let that happen." 

The bartender came back with both their glasses filled with their drink. "Here you go ladies." He said before he left. "That will be $20.50." 

Since Cassidy paid the taxi driver to get them there, Shanika paid the bartender for their drinks. It was the least they could do. Cassidy and Shanika both grabbed their glasses and took a strong sip. Both women felt the burning, cool, taste of the liquid going down their throats and warming the depth of their insides. 

"Now this is what I'm talk' in about," Shanika said making a sour face as she tried to get used to the taste, "this is the good shit!" 

"So you say," Cassidy said. Taking a sip of her drink again. 

"You know someth'in?" Shanika spoke. 

"What?" 

"You really need to get laid." 

Cassidy scoffed at the thought. "Girl that is the last thing I need." 

"Ever since you broke up with Jamal, you have been such a party pooper. I mean at least with him you were uplifted and fun. Now every time someone tries to show you a good time, you get all moody and shit. Relax." 

Cassidy rolled her eyes at her friend. "Girl please ancient history." 

"Oh come on Cassidy, you know when he first hit on you that you were smitten from the start. Hell, he took you everywhere. When ya'll went shopping, he bought you shit. He rapped for you to tell you how much he loved you..." 

"Promised me that he was going to be this famous rapper like Jay-Z and Kanye West. Become famous enough to get us both out of the hood. Yadda, yadda, yadda." Cassidy interrupted. 

"Well you got out on your own didn't you?" Shanika pointed out. 

"Yeah, but not by him. It took me a year to realize he was an asshole, whack ass wannabe drug dealer, and a whack ass rapper. For a year, I've been by his side hoping that he was going to succeed somewhere with his, so called, career choice. Instead we were right where we started and doing the wrong things." Cassidy explained. "From the things I caught him doing, I'm surprised that we never got raided by the police already." 

Shanika scoffed. "Girl, what Jamal do to make money ain't no thang. That's life in the hood, you know that." 

Cassidy rolled her eyes again for that poor excuse for an explanation. "Well, I was not going to be stuck there with him. Unlike these other naïve, dumb, bitches I have a time limit on how long you can keep bullshitt'in me before you actually do what you promise." Cassidy took a sip of her Bloody Mary. "Once his time was up, I smart 'in up, dumped his rapp'in wannabe ass, and got the hell outta there to find a real job and go to college to get the fuck out of the hood Jamal loved so damn much." 

Now it was Shanika who was rolling her eyes away from her bestfriend. "You know what? Ever since you broke up with Jamal you act like you forgot where you came from or something." 

Cassidy dropped her drink on the bar staring hard at her like she just said one of the most offensive things. "Let's get this straight right now. I've never forgotten where I come from. I just think that there are other things out there than representing for your hood. I like to go places where I've never gone before. Meet new people. Maybe go further than that. Travel the world. And I thought Jamal was going to take me to these places. Instead the only people I met and places he took me was back and forth to his and my house and meeting some his friends over and over and over again. It was getting dull." 

Shanika turned back to her drink and took a sip and then looked back into the crowd of dancing men and women. Cassidy paid close attention to her reaction and understood that she was not being rude, but realized she had a good point. 

Chapter 4: 

An Unexpected Savior 

V took a stroll down the street. It was quiet and the cool night breeze was relaxing against her skin. This is the night she loved the most and was the reason why she was risk taking a walk down the dark city. There were flourscented lights behind glass of stores advertising their equipment they were selling. But V was not interested in the finer things in life. There was a time when she did not want to live. But after years of trials, tribulations, and guidance, she had a new perspective on life. And after knowing more about herself and what she can do, she was grateful that she didn't take her own life. 

Walking down the dark, abandoned looking streets, everything was quiet. At least that's what V thought. 

"STOP!" V heard a voice scream. "GET THE FUCK OFF OF ME!" 

The screams were so strong, feminine, and so demanding that V knew it was a damsel in distress. 

V heard the screams and it sounded like it was coming from up ahead. Which means she was close. She hurried hoping that whoever was causing the poor woman to scream her head off to get her point across would still keep screaming letting V know that it's still not too late. 

Cassidy carried the drunken Shanika out of the club laughing hysterically. Mostly about things that were not funny to Cassidy at all. Cassidy knew that walking home was going to be stressful. Shanika kept drinking all kinds of alcohol as if she was a professional drink tester. The problem was by the look of how she was going to fall on her ass; she really wasn't good at it. When Cassidy caught Shanika taken a drink from a total stranger, that's when she realized that she needed to step in and get her the hell out of there before someone gets some sick idea on how to take care of her. 

They made it to the street and while holding onto the dragging Shanika, Cassidy looked both ways to see if there was a taxi. She realized maybe it was a better idea to call first before they got out of the club. 

Cassidy turned to Shanika who looked like she was about to pass out. "Shanika?" Surprisingly, Shanika lifted her head up to drowsily face Cassidy. "Can you stand for just a few minutes for me to make a call?" 

A smile spread across Shanika's face. "Sure sweetie. You know I got you." 

Cassidy thought otherwise. Cassidy slithered out from under Shanika's arm and took out her cell. 

"Cassidy?" A voice Cassidy recognized all too well came from behind. 

Cassidy hoped it was not who she thought it was. She turned around and too her disappointment it was exactly what she feared. 

"Jamal," Shanika called out in her drunken state, "what's up baby?" 

Jamal "Big Daddy" Sims walked up with his creepy looking smile as if he wanted you to know he was up to something. He came with his one entourage, Simon Hayes. A big, obese, man who is Jamal's childhood bestfriend and now body guard. The only difference was he had curly black hair. "What's up girl?" Cassidy was not impress and stayed on her cell as if her ex was not even there. "What's up Cassidy, how you do 'in girl?" But Cassidy turned around ignoring them and hoping someone would pick up the phone and take her call. "Oh so you just go 'in to ignore a brotha?" 

"We not ignoring you sweetie?" Shanika admitted until she turned to see Cassidy waiting on the cell. "Cassidy who you talk' in too?" 

"Yeah, who are you talk' in too?" Jamal demanded. 

Jamal's attitude made Cassidy turn and give him the, "You do not give me orders", stare. But Jamal didn't care how offended she was. They dated for about a year before she started acting like a stuck up, I'm better than you, bitch! 

"Hey, who you talk' in too on the phone?" Jamal demanded again, expression looking very aggravated. 

Nobody was more aggravated than Cassidy. They broke up a year ago and Jamal was giving her orders as if they were still together! 

Cassidy still had her back facing Jamal waiting for the call. She wondered what in the hell was taking so long to answer the phone? And why are there no taxis as well as cars? It was like everyone was off for the night, which is weird since the taxi service is supposed to be 24 hours straight. 

"Bitch, you betta answer me." Jamal ordered this time. 

"Bitch?!" Shanika repeated offended even though in her drunken state. "Who you call 'in a bitch?" 

Jamal turned to Shanika irritated that she would interfere into their business. "Not you hoe." 

Shanika's eyebrows rose up as if she felt like Jamal did not understand who the hell he was talking to. "Hoe?" Shanika repeated more offended than ever. "Who in the hell you call 'in a hoe. Do I look like a hoe to you?" 

"If the shoe fits," Jamal shot back. 

Drunk and pissed off, Shanika was going to walk up to Jamal and show him how to talk to a lady. But Cassidy ran as fast as she could to catch Shanika in her arms while still holding her cell. 

"Shanika let it go, it's not worth it," Cassidy pleaded succeeding in calming Shanika down. 

Shanika looked long and hard at Jamal as if her anger had flushed all the alcohol from her mind and body. "You betta be lucky my girl has more sense than me," she pointed accusingly, "If she wasn't here I would fuck yo shit up!" 

Cassidy tried to force Shanika around to hoping if she turned her back to him, she wouldn't be so angry. Which is the reason she was doing the same thing. 

Savior or not, Jamal did not like all this disrespect. He snapped his fingers at Simon who knew that it was not of disrespect but letting him know it was show time. Both of them hurriedly walked up to the two women. Simon grabbed Shanika by the arms. 
