 Chapter 1: 

The Story of a Sex Slave 

It was a rainy night as I stood in front of the doorstep. The rain was just pouring down so heavily, but I didn't care. I would strip off my clothes and dance in it right now if I wanted to. But I had to be professional. 

I press the small black button on the side of the door hearing the bell ring ever so loudly within the mansion. Despite the thunderstorms and the sound of heavy rain hitting the earth, I was able to hear someone coming to the door. 

The cryptic, wooden, door opened with a small creek and a tall, long pitch black haired, woman appeared. 

"Your late," She said coldly with her British accent. God how I loved the way she talked. She steps aside allowing me passage, "come in now." 

I do as I am told and walked in finally out of that God awful storm. 

By the sound of the creek, I hear the door close behind me like a sound to my doom. I take off my hood revealing my long dark black hair, as black as the woman who owns the mansion. 

"Here, let me take that," The tall woman said as she helped me with my coat. 

The woman took the coat and hung it on a wooden rack. 

I wore a long black dress with black high heels, just like the woman except she wore her shit better than mine. Her voluptuous breasts that pressed up on the inside of her dress were a big help too. One thing I did notice was the ring with the incrusted diamond on her ring finger. I beautifully shined in the light. 

"My, oh my you look scrumptious." The woman commented. "Follow me." 

I followed the woman up a long set of marble style stairs with a fancy wooden bench to hold onto just in case my high heels failed me. After reaching the top level I followed the woman into a room that looked like her office. 

"Sit," The woman ordered and I did what I was told. She walked around her wooden desk that looked like it cost a fortune and sat down in her fancy chair, "I take it you had a pleasant drive?" 

"It was okay," I answered. 

"Okay what?" 

I forgot that I was supposed to respond by her proper name. "Yes Mistress Selene." 

"That's better." Mistress Selene opened a drawer on her left and took out a piece of paper with writing on it. "This is a slave contract," She explained, "it is authenticated and prepared. It states that once you sign this contract everything you own, mind, body, and soul belongs to me." She handed me those 1800 metal, sharp, feather looking, ink pen. "Do you understand?" 

I didn't answer. I took the paper and pen. Not reading it over, I signed my name on the paper and handed both of them back. I can feel my heart beating the blood into my system to the point my body became warm. 

"Very well then," Mistress Selene said, "let's get started shall we?" 

I was in the bathroom taking a quick shower. It was a nifty device with water shooting me in all three directions. With a special fragrance bodywash, I cleaned myself inside and out. I wanted to smell like heaven when I step out of the shower. My Mistress only gave me ten minutes so I couldn't keep her waiting. I cleaned up carefully and quickly. After I was done I grabbed a towel that was nicely thick and quickly dried myself off. I felt like everything I have been through has been washed away. 

My heart was thumping again but this time out of anticipation. Once I step out of this room the real fun was about to begin. 

Soon as I opened the door Mistress Selene was standing before me. She was not wearing the long silky, black, dress anymore. Instead she was wearing black leather, V shaped, bodice with leather straps. I couldn't stop staring at the long crack of her breasts meshed together. Just staring at them made my nipples hard and my nether region soaked. 

"Come here," Mistress Selene ordered holding up a black, leather, spiked, collar with a leash. Knowing what was expected of me, I walked up close to my Mistress for her to wrap the collar around my neck and fasten it. It felt weird. I guess it was because I never had anything around my neck before except when my ex choked me when he was fucking me at the same time, "this is your collar, it symbolizes your devotion to me and only me. You will not take it off no matter what the circumstances, do you understand?" 

"Yes Mistress." 

"Good, follow me." 

With the leash in her hand, my Mistress led me down the hall. It was a good thing that it was just me and her. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind performing my servitude in front of an audience. But that didn't mean I was still a little timid. 

As I followed my Mistress down the hall she opened the door to a dark room. I looked around. The walls were painted black and there were shackles hanging on the ceiling. On my left were wooden paddles of all shape and sizes. Whips of all certain lengths. I think I saw one with a metal spear at the end. There were different types of floggers hanging beside the paddles and the cuffs. My Mistress knew what I like. 

On my farthest right, there were wooden devices. Torture devices of all shapes and sizes also having handcuffs and black, spiked, shackles connected to them. My Mistress was a genius. 

On the far right I saw something that astonished me. Swords! Every medieval weapon known to man was hanging on the wall like a trophy. There were long swords, short swords, scimitars, Japanese and Chinese swords, spears, lances, a chained spiked ball, and there was even a metal shield with painting of a phoenix. The sight of such weaponry was a beautiful. My Mistress was not only a collector; she was a warrior. 

"You like what you see slave?" My Mistress asked. 

"Yes Mistress Selene," I answered, "I love it." 

"Good, come here." 

Mistress Selene gave my collar a little tug motioning me to follow her. We stopped at a black, metal device where there was black, leather, spiked shackles hanging above. 

Mistress took both my wrist and lifted them up in the air fastening the shackles around them. With her strong bare hands, my Mistress lightly placed her hands on the back of my shoulder blades and felt me down my rib cage to my ass cheeks. I gasped erotically as she squeezed my ass pulling me towards her until my head was right next to hers. 

"I have a secret slave," Mistress spoke in my ear softly. Just the feel of her body inside and out on my skin made me shiver in anticipation. I wanted to know what she was going to do to me and I wanted to be a surprise, "this secret will be revealed but it all depends on you. That's if you want it bad enough. Are you willing to do what it takes to discover my secret slave?" Then my Mistress brought her hand around and dug her fingers between my soaking thighs playing with my already wet pussy. 

"Y-yes Mistress," I stammered. 

My Mistress pulled her hand out and analyzed her black nailed fingers covered in my wetness. "I see that I have already broken you. But it is not enough." 

Mistress walked behind me and felt me up from the side of my hips, up to my waist, and stopped wrapping her palms around my breasts squeezing so hard I thought I was going to cum right then and there. Then her lips came close to my ear and with her tongue licked around the earlobe. 

"We are going to play a game slave," Mistress told me pulling my dark hair back as far as she could so I could face her upside down, "a game I call, "when you signed the contract you gave me total control of your mind, body, and soul and so far I have already broken you. But I'm going to break you some more. But there is good news." 

"Wh-what's that Mistress?" I asked stammering again. 

Mistress put her index finger to her lips and shhhed me. "That is the secret that I cannot reveal. Only you can discover that. But to discover my secret you must feel and understand pain. It is until then that you will be rewarded the truth. Are you ready slave?" 

"Yes Mistress," I answered eager to experience what my Mistress had to give. 

"Good, this is how the game is played. I am going to do something to you that will make you break." 

"But you said I was already broken Mistress?" I reminded. 

"True but not all the way. You are going to have to hold on for five minutes. If you cum before five minutes are up, you have lost the game. Are you ready?" 

"Yes Mistress," I answered eager on what Mistress had to offer. 

"Good, stay right there." 

Chapter 2: 

The Whipping Game 

WHACK! I heard and felt the crackling of the whip hit the back of my flesh hard. WHACK! Again the whip hit me making me gasp. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! 

If there was an audience right now, I bet a hundred dollars they were wondering how am I able to stay so calm and gasp instead of scream my head off. Well, I did feel pain and a lot of it. I bet there are whip marks on my back right now. But it was a good kind of pain, pain that opened up all the pleasure nerves in the body. Pain that made me wet between my thighs. Pain that made you feel alive. I know if I say this people would think I'm crazy, but pain is a wonderful thing. 

WHACK! Another hit from the long whip made me gasp euphorically. By the sixth whipping I started seeing flashes. Like Mistress Selene whipped me so hard that I thought I was in La-La land. 

I couldn't stand it any longer. I came. It was like the whip broke some type of dam within me letting all the pleasure water to run out of me in this intense tickling sensation that left me crossing my legs. 

My Mistress walked up behind me feeling my body up with her strong, massive, hands. "Well done, you have passed your first test." 

After that stress relieving moment, Mistress Selene was sitting at her chair reading some mysterious and ancient looking book while I lay on the floor worshipping her black, stiletto, boots and eating a bowl of fresh red grapes to keep up my strength. I found her fascinating. Her height, her curvaceous body, her gothic nature. She had power, power that I wish I had and more. 

The next test my Mistress had in store for me was rope play. She had this thick rope that I see in westerns and she tied it around my body tying my hands behind my back in a big not. She was really good at what she did. I couldn't get out of the rope even if I tried. 

My Mistress tied my legs and feet together and laid me out on the floor on my stomach hogtied. The only thing that was not tied up was my ass left bare for my Mistress. 

I laid there relaxed for a minute before the whip came down on my bare ass. No, a thick ass flogger. It was much more painful than the whip especially on my ass where it left several marks. This time I was ordered to hold on for ten minutes before I came. 

WHACK! The flogger sounded as it hit my ass so hard I knew it left a mark. WHACK! If this was any normal whipping I would be screaming bloody murder right now. Instead I was feeling the same way when my Mistress was giving me the whip. I was getting turned on and was about to come. 

WHACK! Just a little bit longer. WHACK! I was still holding on but was about to fail. And I was willing to let my body go just to feel the pleasure of cumming. WHACK! That was it; my body gave in to the erotic pain that hit me so good that I came between my tied up thighs. 

Mistress Selene stood over me staring hard at my naked tied up body. "Very good slave, you passed." 

I didn't know if my Mistress knew it or not but while my face was down I cracked a satisfied smile. My Mistress was pleased. 

"You have passed your second test," Mistress Selene continued, "now it's time to conquer your last." 

Chapter 3: 

The Truth 

Miraculously, Mistress Selene untied me with ease. Sore from the ropes and the flogging, Mistress Selene allowed me to sleep on her purple, cushioned, couch while she sat in her same colored chair. 

After a few minutes of rest, we returned back to the dungeon where Mistress Selene tied me up again but this time with my hands tied behind my back. She took me to a long, squared, black, mat and had me kneel down on it. 

Mistress Selene stood in front of me staring down at me hard. "You have passed two of your tests. Now it is time for the final test before I show you the secret. Your final test is the truth." 

Mistress Selene stepped back a few paces. She reached behind her bodice and I heard her unzip it down to her waist. She took it off throwing it to the floor. She was in her red bra and panties wearing her thick, stiletto, boots. Damn she was sexy. 

Mistress Selene bent down and unbuckled her stilettos stepping out of them showing her black nailed feet. She reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra freeing her voluptuous breasts. They were beautiful. 

Last but not least, Mistress Selene bent over and pulled down her red panties and stood back up placing her hands on her hips. 

I looked down from her washboard abs and gasped when I stared hard at what was between her thighs. 

There hanging between her legs was a penis! Not just any penis. A cock longer and bigger than I have ever seen. It must have been 10 to 11 inches long and 2 inches wide. Shocking that a dick that big belong to a beautiful woman like my Mistress, I had to admit it did look very beautiful. 

"This is the truth that I had to reveal to you," My Mistress said, "I am not ashamed of who I am and I refuse to apologize for what I have become." She walked up towards me where I was face to face with her thick, long, cock. She grabbed her thick member stroking it in front of my face. "This is the test you must pass in order to attain your gift." Mistress Selene stroked her member to the point where it grew bigger and she pointed the mushroom size head towards me. 

Right then I knew what she expected of me. My Mistress came closer rubbing the head up against my moist lips. I willingly opened my mouth and accepted her cock as she pushed through slowly knowing that I couldn't take the whole thing in at once. 

Mistress Selene didn't force it all the way. She took her time. It was a good thing too, because the more she kept slipping her cock halfway in and out between my lips the more it started to engorge and fill up my mouth. Her dick was so long and wide, I thought I was going to choke and my jaw was going to stretch so far that it would break. But still I sucked on my Mistress's dick like she wanted letting it grow inside my mouth. I didn't care how big it was or how it was making my mouth feel. I'll do anything for my Mistress. 

The more my Mistress slithered her long, thick, anaconda size, dick in my mouth, the more my mouth stretched to welcome it. It was to the point the head was almost to the back of my throat making me gag. I tried to pull back but Mistress Selene gripped me by the hair and held me still while I consumed almost all her dick. 

I couldn't see but I can hear my Mistress breathing heavily as I felt her cock shake in my mouth. The next thing my Mistress did was finally pull out allowing me to breathe and out shot her cum right in my face. Mistress lowered her penis letting it shoot her warm load all over my chest and breasts. 

Mistress stroked her penis helping it release all her semen onto my body until there was no more to release. 

"My, my," My Mistress finally spoke as her penis went back to its flaccid state, "you are a special one." 

I licked some of her semen around my lips with my tongue just to get a taste of what she was like on the inside. Salty but sweet. 

My Mistress came behind me and skillfully untied the knots. 

After untying my hands, my body felt free again. But it didn't mean I wouldn't allow myself to get tied up again. Like I said, I'll do anything for my Mistress. 

"Stand up," Mistress Selene ordered. I did what I was told and stood back on my feet wobbly as they felt. "Congratulations, you have passed all my tests. Now go clean yourself off and meet me in the bedroom so you can receive your gift." 

With an honorable smile across my face I did what I was told heading into the bathroom to wipe away my Mistress's biological lotion and then headed to the bedroom to await my gift. But I had a feeling I already knew what it was. 

Chapter 4: 

Something Very Unexpected 

As I laid in bed I couldn't help but think about what I gotten myself into and if it was worth it. But it didn't matter. After signing the slave contract I realized I willingly signed away my rights to rebel in anyway. And after what Mistress Selene put me through tonight, I felt like this is someplace where I belong. Next to her side. 

I sat up hearing the presence of my Mistress walking to the bedroom in her all nude glory. Her breast were bigger than mine and perfectly symmetrical to each other. Her penis dangling between her thighs swinging from side to side, inch by inch as she walked. She was a 6 foot tall transgender Amazon and I was wet between my thighs wondering what she was going to with me. 

Mistress Selene crawled on the bed giving me her mischievous smile. She had something up her sleeve and my heart was just pounding thrillingly just thinking about it. 

She crawled up to my body until we were face to face. Her perfume was heavenly. Almost made me feel sleepy. But then I looked into her eyes. What was once an exquisite crystal blue was now emerald green. 

"Turn over," My Mistress ordered. 

Feeling like I had no control over my body, I did what I was told. I turned over on my stomach. I felt her breasts rubbing up my ass cheeks and stopping at my back. The feel of though major melons brought a welcoming shiver down my spine. 

Mistress Selene's tongue circled around my earlobe again bringing back the euphoric feeling again. 

"Spread your legs." My Mistress ordered again and again I did what I was told opening my legs relaxing and spreading my vagina to welcome the accommodation. "Tell me something slave. Do you want me to please you or fuck you? If I please you we will continue your training in obedience. If you want me to fuck you, then you will receive the gift. But the gift only lasts 24 hours in which you will return to your enslavement." 

I thought about it for a second. If I allowed Mistress Selene to please me, I would continue being her slave. But if I chose the gift, then I'll be her slave anyway. A contract is a contract. So I told her my decision. 

"The gift Mistress," I answered, "the gift Mistress please." 

A cryptic smile spread across Mistress Selene's face. "Very good decision." 

I felt the head of my Mistress penis rubbing up and down my labia and slowly entered causing me to gasp. Damn she had a big head! 

Her tongue continued licking my earlobe as if to distract me from what she was really doing from behind. It didn't work. Every inch of her cock that slipped into me made me gasp as I felt the pain of her dick opening me up like I was a virgin all over again. 

"Tell me slave," Mistress Selene spoke, "how does it feel?" 

"G-good Mistress," I euphorically stammered. 

"That's it, good?" 

"It, feels wonderful Mistress. Can I please have some more?" 

I could tell Mistress Selene was worldly pleased to hear that. "If more is what you want, more is what you get." 

With that said Mistress Selene pushed her cock in further making me bury my head in her soft, satin red, pillow to prevent me from screaming out loud. 

After Mistress Selene was in she took total control of my pussy. Pulling halfway out and shoving it back in with force making me yelp only to repeat the movement again and again. Feeling her cock fill up my cooch had me burying my face in her pillow some more trying to drown out the screams. 

Mistress Selene gripped my hair in her hand and lifted my head up pulling it sideways as she continued fucking me faster and harder. But I heard something strange. Something like hissing sounds. 
