 Dan Gardner didn't believe in elves. He also didn't believe in leprechauns, pixies, UFOs, the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny, or Santa Claus, so he certainly didn't believe in genies popping out of bottles like you saw on reruns of old TV shows. When he found the old lamp buried in the sand of the local beach one morning as he was working it with his metal detector, he put it in his backpack without giving it a second thought.

Later that afternoon he dumped his backpack out to look at what he'd found, and the lamp tumbled out at his feet. It looked like something out of an old Arabian Nights fable and had seen better days, but he thought that it would make a good conversation piece once it was all cleaned up. He took it over to the sink to wash it off before he started polishing it. After he'd washed the sand off he wrapped it up in a rag and took it over to the couch to dry it off. 

He had only rubbed it two or three times before the lamp started to vibrate in his hands, startling him so that he dropped the lamp at his feet. It jiggled and bounced on the floor as it vibrated harder, and then a plume of light blue smoke shot out of the end, filling the room with a cloud that smelled of jasmine. Dan coughed once or twice, waving his hand in front of his face to clear the smoke away. It took several moments for the smoke to clear, and when it did his jaw dropped at what he saw.

Standing before him with her hands on her hips was an honest-to-God genie, and what a genie it was! The genie was a woman, and she could have been the twin sister of his favorite adult big-bust model, Pandora Peaks! She had the same eyes, the same lips, and the same spectacular body – narrow waist, flat stomach, shapely legs, firm ass and, of course, those spectacularly huge and gravity-defying tits! They were round and firm, standing out proudly from her chest, just like he'd seen in all the pictures of Pandora Peaks. She was wearing the same type of genie outfit that you always see female genies wearing – a short purple velvet vest, a thin light purple middie top which stopped right under her breasts and did very little to conceal them, and the veil-like pantaloons that you could see right through, also light purple. The outfit was finished off by a little round genie hat and little genie shoes that ended in curled points. She was standing with her feet apart, hands on her hips, her huge round breasts barely contained by the flimsy material of her outfit. He could see the perpetually erect nipples poking through the material of her top. She was smiling as she looked down at him, sitting on his couch with his mouth hanging open.

"What, you've never seen a genie before?" she said, snapping him out of his trance.

"Huh?" he replied, still amazed at what he was looking at.

"A genie – you know, like 'Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves,' that kind of thing," she said.

"Uh, no – no, I've never seen a genie before," he said.

"Well, you have now. So, what will it be, Master?" she asked, still standing in front of him.

"What will what be?" he asked in return. The genie gave him a puzzled look as she replied.

"Boy, you don't get out much, do you, Master?" she asked. Dan shook his head, still in shock and not believing that he was actually talking to a real, live genie. "You get three wishes in return for freeing me from the bottle. But before you make your wishes, there are some rules you need to know about."

"Rules?" Dan asked

"Yes, Master, rules. Nothing in life is totally free, you know." She shifted her stance, folding her arms beneath her massive breasts and standing with her weight mainly on one leg as she continued. 

"Rule Number One: you can't wish for more wishes. Three wishes to a customer, that's it.

"Rule Number Two: I can't raise the dead. There are some things that even a genie can't do, not to mention that it's too creepy to even contemplate.

"Rule Number Three: I can't kill anybody. You want someone dead, do it yourself. But don't ask, 'cause it ain't happening. 

"Rule Number Four: I can't make anyone fall in love with you. You're gonna have to do that yourself, too. Any questions, Master?" Finally snapping out of his trance, Dan replied.

"Yes, I have a question."

"Shoot, Master."

"Why do you look like Pandora Peaks?"

"Is that her name? The name of the female whose form I chose?" the genie asked.

"Yes, it is," Dan said. "She's a model - a woman who makes her living getting her picture taken," he explained.

"I chose this form so I wouldn't scare the pants off you when I appeared, Master," the genie replied. "I took it from your subconscious memories; I chose the one that took up the most space in that part of your subconscious. And I must say, this 'Pandora Peaks' takes up quite a lot of space in your brain!" she said, smiling. "Is my form not pleasing to you, Master? I can change it if you'd like," the genie said.

"No, no, no, your form is just fine! Believe me, it's just fine!" Dan replied, looking her up and down for the first time since she'd appeared. The genie smiled as he looked at her.

"I'm glad you approve of my appearance," she said. Noticing the growing bulge in his crotch, she smiled and said, "And I see that your approval is growing as we speak!"

Dan was embarrassed as he shifted in his seat, trying to hide his growing erection. "Well, you're the one who showed up looking like Pandora Peaks! I can't help what my reaction is, you know."

"Yes, those things do have a mind of their own, don't they?" the genie said, her eyes clouding over a bit as she looked at the bulge of his cock through his pants. 

Shaking her head, the genie said, "Well, where were we? Oh, yes, the wishes. What'll it be, Master? Fame? Fortune? Women? Those are the usual requests whenever someone lets me out of the bottle."

"I don't want any of those," Dan replied, catching the genie off-guard. 

"You don't?" she asked, puzzled.

"Nope. What I want will bring me all of those, and more," he said.

"I can't wait to hear this," the genie said, smiling that famous Pandora half-smile. "And remember, you have to make it in the form of a wish."

"Easy enough," Dan replied. "First, I wish my cock and balls were twice as big as they are now, but proportional."

"By 'proportional' you mean not just long but equally as big around, right?" the genie asked.

"Right. Proportional as they are now, just twice as big."

"Okay, got it. One king-sized set of family jewels coming up!" she said, standing upright and putting her hands back on her hips. "You might want to stand up for this," she advised. "It could get a little uncomfortable, not to mention painful, if you don't have enough room to grow, so to speak!" Dan stood up as she suggested, and with a snap of her fingers Dan's first wish came true.

Dan felt a tingling wave of heat rush through his groin, and he felt his shaft and balls expanding and getting heavier. He looked down and saw the now-visible lump in his shorts and smiled. When he looked up at the genie he saw that she was staring at the lump in his shorts, too, and had a strange look in her eyes.

She caught herself and shook her head slightly again, and then asked, "Okay, Master, now what would you like for your second wish?
"I wish to have the stamina to stay hard for at least an hour if I so choose." He could have sworn he saw the genie gulp when he said this.

"An hour?" she asked.

"At least an hour," he replied, and she gulped again.

"Wish Number Two coming up," she said, and she snapped her fingers again. Another flash of tingling heat swept through him, only this one felt...deeper.

"And for your last wish, Master?" the genie asked.

"For my last wish," Dan said, looking her right in the eyes, "I wish to be able to shoot three times as much cum per orgasm as a normal man." 

This time he was sure that he heard the genie gasp, and he saw her eyes widen slightly and her mouth drop open. She was also slightly panting for breath as she said, "Three...three times as much...Your wish is my command, Master!" 

A third tingling flash went through him, this one running down the underside of his shaft and circling around his balls before running up his spine and fading away. He looked down at the noticeable lump in his shorts and then looked up at the genie; she, too, was looking at his crotch, her mouth open slightly. She was finally able to pry her eyes off his crotch before speaking.

"I have to ask, Master...just how big were you before I granted your first wish?"

"A little more than six inches," Dan replied, "which means when I get hard now I should be..."

"A little more than twelve inches!" the genie finished the sentence for him, her eyes wide and locked on his crotch.

"And about as thick around as my wrist, if you granted my wish correctly," he said.

"Oh, I did it right, I can guarantee you that," she replied, still staring down at the huge lump in his crotch. "You got exactly what you wished for. But then again," she said, looking up at Dan with a strange look in her eyes, "I don't suppose it would hurt to make sure, would it?"

"No, I don't suppose it would," Dan replied, feeling his newly-enlarged cock start to twitch. Playing her game now since he knew what she wanted, Dan said, "But just how do you propose to make sure?"

The genie looked up at him and said, "I think I have a pretty good idea of how to do it, Master!" She walked over to him then and kissed him long and deep, her tongue snaking into his mouth while her hand found the lump of his cock. She rubbed his hardening shaft with the palm of her hand as she kissed him, her tongue dancing with his, and Dan reached down and grabbed her by her round, firm cheeks and pulled her close to him. He could feel the mounds of her firm, massive breasts pressing into his chest as they kissed. His cock grew hard quickly beneath her touch, and she squeezed his heavy balls through his pants to encourage it along. After several long moments, the genie broke the kiss and stepped back from him, leaving them both short of breath.

The heat in her eyes was plain to see as she took off the short vest she was wearing, dropping it to the floor. Then she pulled her top up over her breasts and slipped her arms out of it, taking it off over her head and dropping it next to the vest. Her huge round breasts bobbed and swayed with her movements, and her nipples were hard and erect. Dan's cock was now fully erect, and he could feel the head pressing against the waistband of his shorts as it strained for release. He looked down for a moment and was amazed at the size of the lump pressing against his shorts. He looked up at the genie again as she slipped out of her flimsy pantaloons, her eyes locked on his erection. She tossed them aside and then stood before him, hands on her shapely hips, naked except for the little genie hat she still had on her head. 

"Your turn, Master," she said, a 'come fuck me!' smile on her face.

Without a moment's hesitation Dan slipped out of his shoes, pulled his t-shirt up over his head and dropped it on the floor, and then reached down to unfasten his shorts. He wasn't wearing underwear, so when he opened the waistband of his shorts the bulbous head of his mammoth cock popped out. He let his shorts fall to the floor and then stepped out of them, his now-huge cock bobbing with his movements. He saw that the genie's eyes were wide with amazement and her mouth was hanging open as she looked at his cock; he looked down and was himself startled at what he saw.

His cock was huge, thick and hard, pulsing slightly as the blood rushed through it. Dan had gotten exactly what he wished for – his cock was a little more than twelve inches long, as thick as his wrist, and was proportional in every way. The veins stood out prominently along the shaft, and the head was flared and full, a drop of pre-cum oozing from the slit. His balls were equally as big, hanging low beneath his shaft, heavy and full with cum. The shaft was standing nearly straight up, and he had the feeling that it would stay that way for a long, long time.

At least an hour.

"My God, it's huge and it's so...it's so beautiful!" the genie said, transfixed by the sight of the massive cock in front of her, "I have to have it!"

"Think you can handle this much cock?" Dan asked, still playing with her. She looked him dead in the eye and her response let no doubt.

"Master, I've been locked up in that bottle for more than a thousand years, and at this point there's no cock too big for me to handle!"

Then she walked over to him and kissed him again, long, hard and deep, her tongue snaking inside his mouth and dancing with his. She reached down and gripped his huge cock with both hands, squeezing it and pulling on it, then sliding one hand down to cup and squeeze his big, heavy balls. Dan let his hands travel up and down the body of the woman he'd lusted after for so long, knowing that it wasn't really her but not caring. He lifted her giant round breasts in his hands, marveling at their weight and fullness. He tweaked her nipples between his fingers and then tugged on them, making her gasp. He slid one hand down her flat stomach as she tugged and pulled on his cock, sliding her palm over the head and spreading the slick pre-cum around. She gasped again when he slipped a finger between her outer lips and found her very wet, and she jumped when he let his finger slide across her clit. She squeezed his cock hard in return.

She broke off the kiss and dropped to her knees in front of him, the telephone pole of his cock right in front of her face. She licked the underside of the shaft from the base all the way up to the top and then back down again, sliding her smooth, wet tongue over his smooth-shaven balls. She tried to suck one of them into her mouth but it was just too big, so she licked her way back up to the head of his cock and then slipped it into her mouth. It barely fit, it was so big, but she managed to engulf it completely. She swirled her tongue around the mammoth head of his cock, making Dan moan with pleasure as he rested his hands on her shoulders. She slowly slid her lips down the thick length of his cock as much as she could, but it was too thick and too big for her to get much more than three or four inches into her wet mouth. Still, Dan was impressed.

"Wow! I didn't think you'd be able to do that," Dan said as she slid her mouth back up his shaft, releasing it from her mouth with a sucking pop. "I thought it'd be too big and thick for you to get any of it in your mouth!"

"If you liked that, you're gonna love this!" she said, and then she ran her tongue up and down the side of his cock. When she got to the spot just behind the flared head, she opened her mouth and her tongue snaked out, sliding under his cock and then wrapping itself around his shaft. Her tongue slid around and around his thick pole like a snake, encircling his hard shaft again and again. He watched in amazement as her tongue continued to grow in length as it wrapped around his cock until nearly half of his shaft was encircled. Then the genie tightened her tongue around his cock and started to move her head up and down, sliding her wet, slippery tongue up and down the length of his cock. Her tongue gripped his pole tightly as it slid up and down his length, and he knew that she could make him cum like this if she really wanted to! After a few minutes of tugging on his cock with her snake-like tongue the genie released her grip on him, her tongue slipping around his shaft in retreat and back into her mouth. She licked her lips as she looked up at him, smiling. Dan was absolutely amazed.

"How in the hell did you do that?" Dan asked, amazed.

"Hey, I'm a genie; I can do anything I want!" she said, looking up at him with a mischievous smile. "And right now I want to wrap my tits around this monster cock of yours before I fuck you and see just how long you can stay hard and how much cum you can shoot!"

With that she stood up and led him into his bedroom, grabbing onto his cock and leading him with it. Once there she pushed him onto the bed and quickly climbed on between his legs, her huge breasts sliding against his thighs as she moved up to wrap them around his cock. He held his cock up for her as she lifted her huge breasts up with both hands and wrapped them tightly around his cock. His cock was huge but so were her breasts, and nearly all of it disappeared between her massive tits. Just the head was visible, and the pre-cum was flowing like a stream from the tip. She slid her big tits up and down the length of his shaft, tit-fucking his huge cock and getting her mounds slick with his pre-cum. She lowered her mouth to the head of his cock and sucked on it as she slid her tits up and down his length, squeezing them tight around his shaft. Dan just lay back and watched her work, enjoying the sensations rippling through him as she fucked him with her massive breasts.

After several very pleasurable minutes of this, the genie released his cockhead from her mouth and looked up at him, the lust plain in her eyes. 

"I could make you cum like this, but I think I'll save that for later!" she said, releasing his cock from between her tits. It slapped down against his stomach as she quickly climbed up on top of him, her huge breasts swaying back and forth as she moved. She positioned herself above him on her hands and knees, then leaned down and kissed him hard, her big breasts pressing against his chest as she pressed her mound against the underside of his cock. He could feel her wetness flowing out of her slit and coating the underside of his shaft as she slowly slid it up and down against his cock. She broke off the kiss and looked down at him, fire in her eyes.

"And now, Master, I'm going to fuck you!" she said breathlessly.

"I wish you would!" he said. She smiled a wicked smile as she replied.

"You only get three wishes, Master," she said as she sat up and then squatted above his cock, lifting the huge shaft up and rubbing the head between the outer lips of her pussy, "I'm doing this for me!"

And with that she lowered herself down on the monstrous cock, the bulbous head pushing apart and then slipping past the swollen outer lips, stretching her opening as it slid inside her tight, wet tunnel. She closed her eyes and moaned as she pushed down with her hips, slowly sliding down on the massive hard shaft, feeling the huge flared head slide deeper inside her pussy, stretching her to the limit as it filled her. She gasped and panted for breath as she spoke.

"My God, this thing is huge!" she moaned as she slid further down on his cock. "I love it!" Dan watched in amazement as she took his huge, thick cock deeper and deeper inside her tight, wet pussy with one slow, deliberate motion, pushing down with her hips, her pussy stretching and expanding, until she had more than two-thirds of it inside her tunnel. She paused then, panting for breath, and Dan could feel her inner muscles shifting and twitching around his shaft as she adjusted to the massive pole inside her. Her pussy was tight on his thick shaft, and very wet.

"Oh my God," she gasped, "your cock is so big! I've never felt one so big before!"

"Why not just make your pussy bigger so it can fit better?" Dan asked.

"Aahh...." She gasped as she slid down a little further, "Wouldn't be as much fun...for either of us...oohh...would it, Master?"

"Can you take it all like this?" Dan asked.

"Hey," the genie replied, panting slightly, "Like I said before, I'm a genie...aaahh...I can do anything I want, and right now...I want your big cock inside of me...all of it!"

A look of determination crossed her face, and looking Dan straight in the eyes she sat straight up and impaled herself down onto his massive cock, taking all of it inside her pussy. She threw her head back and cried out with delight as his long, thick cock filled and stretched her pussy; Dan could feel the firm cheeks of her ass resting on his big, heavy balls and he could feel the head of his cock pressing hard against the end of her tunnel. Her pussy was hot, wet, and very tight wrapped around his cock. He looked down at her sitting on his hips with his huge cock completely inside her pussy, and he could have sworn he saw a long bulge in her abdomen in the outline of his cock! He felt like he had died and gone to heaven. 
