 I want to give a big thanks to Seabass for editing this chapter.

***

Vicky and Jessie left the Howard and Hart legal firm feeling exhausted and exhilarated, amazed that the meeting with Megan went so well. After the girls had cleaned up, Megan assured them that she'd start working on the paperwork for their trust immediately and would update them as soon as it was ready. She also assured them that with this trust, they could maintain their anonymity when they claimed their money.

Vicky decided to keep the source of the money a secret from Megan, making her feel a little guilty. Megan was special, being the first member of her harem, and she knew she'd eventually have to trust someone with her secret. However, there was still so much to do and figure out regarding the money and Jessie's powers, so she decided it'd have to wait. Megan voiced interest in the source of the finances, but Vicky gently let her know that it was to remain private - for now.

Cassandra waited outside for the girls with the car running and the door open, her ample cleavage threatening to burst from the confines of her tight suit jacket. "Where to, Mistress?" Cassandra asked as she shifted the luxury SUV into drive, pulling out of the firm's parking lot.

Vicky suddenly felt a surge of panic as she realized she still had the lottery ticket with her and had been carrying it around since they left the convenience store. "Cassandra, take us to my bank please. Do you know where it is?"

"Yes mistress, I know the way." Cassandra replied as she pulled out into traffic.

"Is there something wrong?" Jessie asked.

"I just remembered I still have the lottery ticket. I need to sign it and put it in a safety deposit box at the bank as soon as possible." Vicky explained.

Jessie nodded in understanding and snuggled up against Vicky in the back of the SUV as Cassandra drove them through the light midday traffic.

"Jessie, did I go too far back there?" Vicky asked, feeling suddenly guilty at manipulating Megan into having sex with her and Jessie.

"I do not understand the question mistress; are you asking if I think you did something wrong in regard to Megan?" Jessie clarified.

"Yeah, did I make her do something she didn't want to do? Did I unfairly manipulate her?" Vicky continued, feeling even worse now that she spoke the words out loud.

Jessie gave her a comforting look of love and sympathy. She took Vicky's face in her hands and pulled her closer, letting Vicky's head rest on her bountiful bosom.

"Megan already feels her life is richer for having met us. She is currently idly stroking the amulet you gave her, enjoying how tingly and sore she is from both ends. There is nothing she regrets about the experience, and she looks forward to repeat sessions with us." Jessie explained, hoping the information would alleviate Vicky's concerns.

"But was it right to manipulate her into having sex with us?" Vicky asked, oddly entranced by Jessie's heart beat through her cable knit sweater.

Jessie stroked Vicky's hair, trying to sooth her mistress's troubled mind. "You did not use a wish to alter her mind. You did not take her against her will. You simply used knowledge of her desires to provide her with pleasure beyond anything she had previously experienced. I am completely biased, but I see nothing wrong with this. As I said, Megan is happy to be with us, and she feels more fulfilled today than she has in years. You gave that to her, and that can only be a good thing."

Vicky thought about that for a moment and decided Jessie was right. She was so worried that Jessie's power would corrupt her and cause her to start taking people against their will, just to fulfill her own desires. Vicky figured if she could somehow keep herself grounded, despite all the craziness being introduced into her life, then she wouldn't stray far ethically.

"Okay, so the bank shouldn't take too long. I'm thinking after that we can grab some lunch and then find a fee-only financial planner." Vicky proposed.

"What will be her job?" Jessie asked, genuinely curious.

"The financial planner will be responsible for planning out our money, like where to invest it, how to keep it diversified in the stock market, and figure out our yearly budget. It's a very important role as they will have the ability to determine where our money goes. We need someone very talented to make our money grow as much as possible, and they also need to be extremely trustworthy." Vicky explained with a worried look.

"Sounds like something a well worded wish could help with." Jessie teased.

"Well, that's just it; I already know someone who is an extremely talented financial planner who'd be perfect to help us out, and I completely trust her." Vicky informed Jessie slowly.

"That sounds excellent, Mistress - why did we not go to her first?" Jessie asked, legitimately curious.

"It's complicated. Her name is Lisa and we went to high school together. She was my first girlfriend and helped me discover my lesbian sexuality. She's really beautiful and very talented."

"I fail to understand the problem mistress?" Cassandra asked from the front, inserting herself into the conversation.

"She was sort of my first love. We both learned a lot from each other about romance and relationships between women. Primarily we discovered that we both liked to be in charge, which ultimately didn't work well for us. It didn't end badly or anything; it's just difficult to go back to someone who I was so close to, especially now that I've found you. I'm worried all these emotions will come flooding back." Vicky tried to explain.

Jessie stroked Vicky's hair lovingly again, trying to sooth her mistress's worried heart. "What you're feeling is completely normal, but I think this will be healthy for us. I feel like I haven't been able to experience much of your life with friends or family, and I look forward to meeting someone from your past who knows you so well."

"How come you always know exactly the right thing to say?"

"Easy; because I love you, and you are my everything."

Vicky smiled and gave her genie a peck on the lips just as Cassandra parked her car in the lot of the banking building. The lot was fairly sparse with only a few employees' vehicles parked there. Cassandra opened the door for Vicky and Jessie who jumped out all giggly again, their happiness both infectious and a little sickening at the same time.

Bouncing into the bank's lobby, they stood around a moment to figure out how to proceed. Jessie asked Vicky how they were supposed to open a safety deposit box, but Vicky honestly didn't know. She'd never done that before and wasn't sure what the process entailed. She looked around for someone to help her when a teller waved her over. There was a roped section meandering back and forth in front of the teller, but since the bank was currently empty the girls just hopped over.

"Hello, and welcome to Nation's Bank. How can I help you?" the perky blonde teller asked.

"Hey, I have a checking account here, but I need to get a safety deposit box. How do I do that?"

The teller's smile turned up another notch as she explained the process. "You just need to speak with one of our account managers to set up the subscription for the rented box, and set up who has access. They'll then escort you to the vault where the boxes are maintained, and you'll be allowed to place any materials you want in there."

"Excellent; is there an account manager here I can speak with?"

The blonde's smile dropped a little as she looked towards the row of desks on the other side of the bank. "The only account manager in is Steve. I...I'll see if he's available."

The teller left and went into the back of the bank, leaving the girls alone in the lobby with just the security guard near the door.

What was that all about? She was all smiles until we asked to speak with an account manager. Vicky thought.

Jessie closed her eyes for a brief moment, as if lost in a trance.

She's concerned about the interaction we may have with the account manager, Steve. Jessie mentally replied.

Why, what's going on with Steve?

In her mind, he's been in a mood. What she doesn't know if that Steve's girlfriend just broke up with him.

Oh, that's sad. What happened?

She found out that Steve is a closet transsexual. He mentally identifies as female, yet he's still attracted to women. He's in a very confused place in his life right now and doesn't know what to do. 

Vicky felt a little floored with all that information, surprised to know so much about a person they haven't even met yet.

I wish there was some way we could help him. Vicky idly thought.

As you wish Mistress, I shall turn him into a woman.

Vicky went wide eyed, grabbed Jessie wrist and yelled "What!?" The guard snapped his head in their direction and Vicky went red with embarrassment.

"Sorry, girl talk got a little saucy." Vicky explained to the guard, turning back to Jessie in a panic.

Don't turn him into a woman! Vicky mentally screamed.

I'm confused Mistress, I thought you wanted to help him?

Well yes, I do, but I don't want to change him into a woman.

I don't understand. Steve has felt confused all his life, never feeling right as if something didn't fit right. That feeling of confusion he has is because he mentally identifies as female. He started dressing as a woman early in his life and has done so since pre-puberty. The only way to resolve his confusion is for him to complete his transformation into becoming a woman.

But changing him just feels...wrong.

Jessie gave her a puzzled look of confusion and slight exasperation.

Mistress, you are a kind person. Helping this person will only make their life better. I do not understand why you are so hesitant to make this change for them.

I haven't even met him yet. If we're going to change him, he should know or have some say.

Then are you comfortable with him knowing about your power?

I...I dunno, is he a good person?

Jessie closed her eyes for a moment again, obviously mentally focusing.

From what I can tell, he is a good person and wouldn't speak to anyone about your powers. I believe he would be too afraid you'd do something to him if he did tell.

This is so weird. I know so much about this guy and I haven't even met him yet.

Suddenly, the teller returned to her post and snapped the girls out of their mental conversation.

"Sorry that took so long. Steve is at his desk now. Please head over to the account manager's lobby and he'll be able to help you." She informed them with a tense smile.

"Thanks so much." Vicky replied. Together they walked over and found Steve at his desk with his head in his hands, staring down at his bare wooden desk. He was short and thin, despite his hunched shoulders, and had short blonde hair that was neatly combed prior to his current nervous break-down.

"Hello and welcome to Nation's Bank, how can I help you?" He asked in a flat voice without looking up.

"We're looking to open a safety deposit box with my account, but before we get to that, are you okay?" Vicky asked as she sat in the stiff guest chair in front of Steven's desk.

Steven looked up, streaks down his face revealing the obvious crying he had been doing not moments before, and looked at the girls. "I'm sorry, I'm just a mess. It's so unprofessional."

"Don't worry about that, we don't care. We're here to help," Vicky said as she covered the man's hand with her own, trying to comfort the account manager.

He looked at her hand in equal parts fear and confusion, then met Vicky's gaze, unsure of how to proceed. "I...I'm sorry, this is just so much for me to handle. I don't mean to pour out to strangers like this, but I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like I'm stuck in a body that's not mine, and I don't know what I should do," Steve confessed, shame evident in his voice at the sudden outburst in front of strangers and customers.

"If you could make a wish to solve the problem, what would you wish for?" Vicky asked softly.

"I'd wish to be...I'd wish to be a woman. That way I'd feel complete inside and out." The man admitted with a heavy sigh. Having said the words lifted a burden from him and he sat more upright, feeling better for the first time in a while.

Vicky looked at Jessie for a moment with a small grin. As she held Steven's hand she took hold of Jessie's hand and gave her genie a tiny nod. Jessie closed her eyes for a few seconds, then reopened them and nodded back to her mistress.

Vicky looked back and addressed the account manager again. "I don't understand what the problem is Sarah, you are a woman..."

Sarah looked at the two girls in mixed confusion and anger. "Listen, I know you think you're being fu..." She stopped mid-sentence. Something about her voice sounded funny and different. She looked down to her hand that was held by her customer and saw that it was small and delicate with French tips on her painted nails. She was no longer wearing a business suit and instead wore a blouse, and when she looked down at it she saw breasts restrained by a D-cup bra.

"Holy crap!" Sarah almost screamed. Looking up, she saw that the teller and the guard were giving her a weird look, but nothing out of the ordinary.

"What happened - what did you do?" she exclaimed in a lower voice, looking back at the women in front of her.

"Shhhhhh, perhaps it would be better if we ladies took a moment to...freshen up." Vicky suggested with a nod to the ladies room.

Sarah gave her a nervous nod, and together the three got up and left for the restroom.

Closing the door behind them, Jessie gave the bolt a turn to make sure they were undisturbed.

Hey, also make sure no one actually hears us in here and doesn't need to really use the restroom too. Vicky wished.

As you wish, Mistress.

"Okay, so can someone explain what just happened?" Sarah yelped as she removed her blouse in front of the mirror, examining her new body for the first time.

"It's simple - you wished for a new body so I gave you one." Vicky explained matter-of-factly, looking at Sarah's curves in appreciation.

Sarah looked back and forth between Jessie and Vicky, her body full of adrenaline from confusion, fear, and excitement.

"What...what am I supposed to do now. How can I face my friends and family?" Sarah asked as she started to settle down. She was already used to her new voice as it felt familiar and personal to her.

"You don't have to do anything. They have always known you as being a woman. To them, nothing has changed. We are the only ones who are aware of your transformation. As far as the rest of the world goes, you have always been a woman. When you go home, your closet will be full of appropriate clothing. Your medicine cabinet will have the necessary items for a woman's hygiene, and everything will be second nature to you." Vicky explained causally as she took Sarah by the shoulders, giving them a comforting squeeze.

Sarah started crying again but her broad smile revealed them tears to be of joy. "I can't thank you enough, this is the most amazing thing anyone has ever done for me. It's a real miracle, truly something I could never imagine would really happen to me. How can I ever repay you!?" She almost yelled as she suddenly hugged Vicky, pressing their ample breasts together. It was then she felt Vicky's rising cock restrained by jeans press against her supple leg, and her eyes went wide again in shock. Vicky held Sarah tight to her body, letting her feel the excitement growing between the redhead's legs as she let her hands roam over the blonde's new figure, squeezing her ass cheeks in appreciation.

"As you can see, I've adjusted myself much as I have done to you. I only ask two favors in return for this gift, as well as offer you another opportunity. First, never tell anyone what we have done for you or what we can do. If you do, I can just as easily turn you back into your original form. Second, allow me to take your cherry..." Vicky asked with a husky voice, lust deep in her tone.

Sarah blinked a few times as she bit her lower lip while becoming lost in Vicky's sexual gaze. "And the offer?" She asked, already eagerly anticipating Vicky's engorged member.

Vicky turned to Jessie who presented her with another amulet like the one they gave Megan; an upside down V vaguely in the shape of a pyramid. "Join my harem and belong to me until such time as you no longer wish to. Declare me your Mistress and enjoy a life full of magical pleasure." Vicky said as she offered the amulet to Sarah.

Sarah was wide eyed again, but after looking back and forth between Vicky and Jessie, she silently nodded and lowered her head, allowing Vicky to place the amulet on her.

"Excellent; we're so happy to have you join us." Jessie exclaimed as she ran over to Sarah, hugging her warmly before openly kissing her. Sarah was caught off guard at first, but soon melted in Jessie's embrace, softly moaning into the genie's wet lips.

After a few moments Jessie broke the kiss and held Sarah's face in her hands lovingly before releasing her. Sarah looked back to Vicky who was grinning ear to ear at her new toy. "Now, would you like to see what we're packing?" 

Sarah raised a single eyebrow at the comment until she noticed that Jessie was also sporting a bulge in her jeans. She licked her lips and lowered herself slowly to her knees. She unzipped Vicky's jeans first and released her new mistress's monster cock. She was shocked at how thick and long it was, light skinned and cut. She then unleashed Jessie's dick and was again impressed at its size, darker in tone and uncircumcised. Sarah immediately started fellating Vicky's cock, her lips dragging up and down on her mistress's shaft while he jerked on Jessie's cock with her offhand.

Trading off from time to time Sarah spent a while getting to know Jessie and Vicky's cocks orally, enjoying the feeling of her mouth and throat being filled by female cock meat. Vicky moaned softly as Sarah deep throated her, and Jessie couldn't help but hump her hips into Sarah's pumping hand. Eventually, they had enough of the appetizer and wanted the full course.

"Bend over and present yourself to me." Vicky commanded, her voice full of fierce desire.

Sarah mentally gulped and pulled down her skirt and panties, revealing her new pussy to the world for the first time. She was entranced by it, the soft blonde hairs neatly trimmed, and how her lips puffed out and dripped a little in lust. She got onto her knees and put her hands and face to the floor, raising her ass high for proper mounting. Closing her eyes, she bit her lip in anticipation and almost screamed in shock and pleasure as she felt a spongy cock head rub against her outer vaginal lips for the first time. Vicky had barely coaxed her cock into Sarah and already the girl was going crazy.

Does she have a hymen? Vicky mentally asked Jessie.

Yes, she does.

Will this hurt her a lot? Vicky asked, concerned that her huge cock would be too much for a virgin.

Only a little mistress, but it's a pain she is very much looking forward to.

Vicky took the account manager by the hips and slowly guided her ass back and onto her cock, letting the blonde control the speed of which Vicky's dick penetrated her. It was slow going, but eventually Vicky hit a spot where she felt she couldn't go any further, recognizing it as Sarah's virginity. Bracing the girl, Vicky thrust forward and broke through the virginal barrier, forcing Sarah to scream loudly.

The account manager was breathing heavily, thankful that Vicky gave her a moment to adjust to the huge cock invading her insides. Eventually her pain was replaced by sensual fullness, and she looked back at her redheaded mistress, silently nodding for her to continue.
