 I want to give a big thanks to Superguest for his help in editing the series. Without his help these stories wouldn't be as good as they are!

***

While Cassandra continued her alone time with Scarlett in their SUV, Vicky and Jessie finished their spinach burritos at Freebird's and decided to take a walk around the shopping complex hand-in-hand, . They rounded the corner and came upon a Victoria's Secret store, peaking Jessie's interest as she ran over to look through the store's glass window.

"What do they sell here, Mistress?" Jessie asked as she looked inside the store with eager eyes.

"Shhhh, I told you - don't call me that in public please," Vicky whispered as she walked over to join Jessie at the window.

"I'm sorry, what do they sell here...Vicky?" Jessie asked again.

Vicky suddenly released how odd her name sounded coming from Jessie as she'd become used to being called Mistress by her genie. "They sell lingerie - sexy underwear that's really impractical to wear, but women don't care because of how good it looks."

"Ohhhh, I want some!" Jessie declared.

"I dunno, it's usually pretty expensive..." Vicky warned, mentally calculating in her head how much she could afford.

Jessie shot her an odd glance; it took a moment for Vicky to remember all they'd been going through for the last two days. "Oh right, we're going to be rich. I keep forgetting that."

"It's all the sex. I think it might be fogging your brain," Jessie teased as she cutely bit her lower lip.

Vicky gave Jessie's delicious rump a squeeze, which sent the magical creature squealing into the store. The attendants looked up briefly and welcomed them, offering to help them find anything they needed. The girls said they'd be fine on their own and went to looking over all the sexy undies.

How's Cassandra doing? Vicky mentally asked.

She's cum twice already, once in Scarlett's mouth and once in her ass, Jessie thought back.

Wow, that's kinky... and they're still going at it?

Suddenly, Vicky got a brief mental image of the SUV's interior. Scarlett was mounting Cassandra cowgirl style, riding her fast and hard. Both girls were covered in sweat; the sound of Cassandra's cock slapping into Scarlett's pussy echoed inside the vehicle. Just as quickly as the image flashed in her mind, it soon vanished.

Well it looks like they're enjoying themselves.

Jessie just smiled at Vicky in response, holding up some black satin lingerie. "I want to try these on, and I also got something I think you'll like too," the genie declared as she entered one of the dressing rooms. Vicky couldn't help but smirk devilishly as she followed Jessie.

The confines of the dressing room were quite spacious, with a little bench for the clothes to go on and a full length mirror for admiring one's self. Jessie had already stripped down stark naked and was trying on various pieces of lingerie, magically adjusting them to fit her flaccid cock.

"I forgot you still had that. Want me to wish it away?" Vicky asked as she rummaged through the clothing Jessie picked out.

"Up to you Mistress; I'm good either way." Jessie replied as she snapped on an erotic black see-through bra.

Vicky sat on the small bench and watched Jessie try on various pieces of clothes, entranced by the soft, fluid movements of her magical sex genie. She couldn't help but get aroused as she traced Jessie's curvy figure, admiring her hips and rounded ass with hungry eyes. Jessie removed her panties to try on some stockings and matching lingerie, but Vicky stopped her in mid-dress.

"Wait a moment," She said in a husky voice.

"Mistress, is there anything I can help you with?" Jessie asked as she bit her lower lip.

Vicky unbuttoned her jeans and lowered them to the dressing room floor, revealing her full engorged dick, pulsating quickly in anticipation.

 "I wish to have my cock coated with a warm lubricant that is perfect for anal sex."

Grinning ear to ear, Jessie nodded as she wiggled her ass in front of Vicky, eager for what was to come next. She was about to put the stockings down when once again Vicky stopped her.

"No, keep them; I want you to jerk off your lovely uncut cock with them, and fill them up with your seed," Vicky ordered, feeling particularly excited with all her naughty talk.

Jessie nodded and pulled the black lace stocking onto her growing cock with one hand while she spread her ass cheeks with the other, slowly mounting Vicky's full crown. She grunted heavily as her asshole spread wide to accommodate Vicky's girth, and pressed through the discomfort until her mistress was fully buried in her rosebud.

Pausing there for a moment, Jessie moaned softly and began stroking her lace covered cock, enjoying the full sensation she was feeling in her rear. Vicky then grabbed her hips and began thrusting up and she pulled Jessie down.

"Mistress...is this...normal...for lingerie...shopping?" Jessie asked in staggered breaths as Vicky pounded her from bellow.

"From now on it is!" Vicky replied with vigor as she enjoyed the tightness of Jessie's asshole. It felted like Jessie was trying to milk Vicky's cock with her sphincter muscles, and Vicky knew she wouldn't last long.

"I wish for you to cum when I do." Vicky ordered just as she felt herself push over the edge. Her balls contracted, and she knew it would be a few more seconds till she filled Jessie's ass with her spunk. Grabbing both of the genie's hips, Vicky thrust up hard and exploded with a loud moan, spraying the insides of her magical partner. At the same time, Jessie shrieked while she tugged on her meat through the lace stockings, her cum pouring down to the foot of the black lingerie and rapidly filling it.

After a few breathless moments, the girls were able to gather themselves and recover their wits. Vicky looked down and saw two sets of heels standing outside the dressing room they were in.

I'm guessing we made enough noise to attract some attention? Vicky mentally asked Jessie.

Yes Mistress. They both work at this store, and the sounds of our sexual activities attracted them to listen at the door. The store doesn't have any cameras in the dressing room for privacy purposes, so their imaginations are running wild right now.

Looking around at the disheveled cum-covered clothes in the dressing room, Vicky felt a little embarrassed.

Can you freshen things up here?

Of course, Mistress.

The door to the dressing room soon swung open to reveal a pristinely clean room with neatly folded clothing that the perfectly styled girls were gingerly holding. The store employees jumped, shocked at the condition of the room and its inhabitants.

"Uhhh...I'm sorry, we were just here to check if you needed any help?" One of the clerks quickly asked, her cheeks flushed.

"Yes, we found some stuff we'd like to buy. Everything just looks so sexy we couldn't help but try a few on together," Vicky explained with a smile.

Walking them back to the cash register, the perky blonde clerk continued to blush the entire time she rang them up and handed Vicky her receipt. Vicky thanked her and left the store with Jessie in tow.

"I can't believe we did it in the changing room!" Vicky exclaimed in a whispered voice.

"Is the location of our coitus surprising to you?" Jessie asked curiously.

"Yes, of course. Just a few days ago I wouldn't dreamed of doing it in there. Now it seems I'm so horny I'll fuck just about anywhere."

Jessie giggled at her mistress's proclamation. "Part of it is being around me, I'm a magical being made for sex. My presence is like being constantly bathed in super pheromones."

"If that's the price for having a gorgeous sex genie, then I'll gladly pay it. But if that's only part of it, what's the other part?"

"You're just horny and you now have a body literally made for sex with no limitations."

Vicky chuckled lightly. "Again, something I'm sure I'll learn to live with."

Arriving at their SUV, the girls got in the back and buckled up as Cassandra titled the rear view mirror down to address her passengers.

"Where to...mis...mistress?" She asked breathlessly.

"Let's go home please." Vicky requested as she leaned into the comfort of her car.

Why is Cassandra so breathless...and what happened to Scarlett?

Scarlett is currently sucking Cassandra's cock as she's driving.

Vicky snorted with laughter for a second before regaining control of herself.

Is that safe?

Perfectly safe mistress. Nothing can harm you when we're together, Jessie replied as the car pulled out.

***

Cindy stared at the SUV the two gorgeous girls walked to and sighed. She was certain the two were models - and she was also certain they were having sex in the dressing room - but nothing appeared to be out of order when they opened the door.

Just as the car pulled out of the parking lot, the door to the other dressing room opened and a sultry yet slightly older woman with bronze skin and thin rimmed glasses walked out. Cindy didn't notice her until she was directly in front of her; she made a frightened gasp, shocked for the second time today.

"I'm sorry! I didn't hear you walk in," Cindy exclaimed.

"Don't be silly dear. You have nothing to be sorry about," the woman soothed.

"How can I help..." Cindy began to ask as she looked up at pair of deep red eyes, her pupils instantly dilating.

"First, tell me everything you saw. After that, take off all your clothes..."

***

The door to Vicky's apartment swung open, and the girls poured in giggling with fraps in one hand and shopping bags in the other. Vicky hadn't even really won the lottery yet she was spending like she already had. She was even comfortable enough with her new magical body to get a fully loaded Frappuccino with whipped cream and a cookie. She must have consumed a thousand calories on the drive home.

The moment of elation and joy was broken as the clear sound of a female loudly clearing her voice stopped the girls in their tracks at the front door. Looking across the room and into the kitchen, the girls saw a woman with raven black hair, short, slightly spiked and shaved on the sides. She was sporting multiple piercings and tattoos all over her milky skin.

"I'm calling on behalf of Victoria...on behalf of? Since when do people call on behalf of you?" The woman asked curtly.

Who is this, Mistress?

This...is Lisa, Vicky mentally replied with a sigh. We dated in high school and early college. She was the first love of my life and helped me realize that I was a lesbian. Ultimately, we broke up because we were both too dominate which didn't work out well for our relationship. Don't get me wrong, the sex was amazing, but whenever I wanted to be 'on top' she'd freak out and refuse. As you know, I like being in charge more often than not.

Jessie subtly nodded. Ah yes, I remember now, you mentioned something to that effect once before. Her attire seems odd for a career in finances. You made it sound like a place where people were a bit more formal.

Since most stuff is done online nowadays, appearance doesn't matter nearly as much as it used to. And this being Austin and all, the look alone likely draws in a percentage of her clientele.

"Hey Lisa, good to see you too. Forgot I gave you a key a few years ago when I asked you to water my plants," Vicky said as she dropped her shopping bags at the front door. Jessie was unsure of how to proceed, so she just dropped her bags and silently observed.

"I seem to remember those weren't the only things that got wet as a result of me having this key..." Lisa teased with a smirk from inside the kitchen.

I see your relationship lasted longer than college, Jessie thought, teasing Vicky with a smile. Vicky knew Jessie wasn't jealous; she wasn't even sure Jessie could feel jealousy.

Vicky rolled her eyes as she walked towards the kitchen and placed her frap on the breakfast bar. "Lisa, this is my girlfriend Jessie. Jessie, this is Lisa," Vicky paused to introduce the girls to each other.

Lisa moved to shake Jessie's hand but paused mid-step as she got her first good look at her. "Wow, you're absolutely gorgeous..." she trailed off. It took a moment, but then she was able to gather her wits and readdress Vicky. She gasped lightly as she realized Vicky looked different from what she remembered.

"Did you get implants or something? You look...different," Lisa puzzled as her eyes darted back and forth between Jessie and Lisa.

"No, I didn't get implants. And how do I look different?" Jessie teased, knowing that Lisa hadn't seen her since she wished for her new body.

"You look...sexy. I mean, you were sexy before, but you look even more so now," Lisa fumbled, not sure how to express her thoughts.

"Don't worry, I know what you mean. And that was Cassandra - my driver - who called you earlier," Vicky explained, bringing up Lisa's previous question.

"Wait, you have a driver?"

"Yes; I know it sounds crazy, but honestly that's like the least crazy part of why I asked you here."

Lisa sighed and started tapping her shoe, her patience draining quickly. "Not that I don't enjoy reminiscing with old flames, but did you call me over here just to show off your new girlfriend?"

 Vicky's face flushed and she suddenly felt very embarrassed. "No, not at all. I asked you to come here for your help."

"Help with what?"

"Money. We're going to win the Powerball, and I need someone I can trust to help us invest the 250 million so we'll be set for life," Vicky explained as a matter of fact.

Lisa blinked a few times before almost screaming in equal parts joy and elation. She grabbed Vicky and hugged her tightly while laughing uncontrollably.

"Congratulations, I'm so happy for you! This...this will change everything. We have to set up a trust for you and have it claimed in the trust's name so your privacy is protected, so of course we'll need a lawyer. Then we can start to diversify the money, spread it across a few choice mutual funds. You're young so a more aggressive stance is fine, and with that much money you could see as much as a 10 percent return on investment and - I'm sorry, did you say 'going to win'?" Lisa trailed off as Vicky's verbiage suddenly brought her back to reality.

"Yes, we're going to win the lottery. We already have the ticket stored in a safety deposit box," Vicky explained, trying to ease Lisa into her new world.

Lisa rolled her eyes and started leaving in a huff. "If this your idea of a prank, then I'm sorely disappointed in you. Showing off your amazingly sexy new girlfriend and looking more gorgeous than ever yourself. Now you're teasing me about my career; I really thought better of you Vick."

"It's not like that, and we look gorgeous because of Jessie." Vicky blurted out, realizing she needed to go for broke.

"What do you mean because of Jessie?" Lisa asked as she stopped in mid stomp out.

"She's not from around here."

"Oh stop being coy with me Vicky and tell me what the hell is going on!" Lisa demanded.

Sighing heavily, Vicky knew her only option was to just lay it all out. "The Egyptian studies division of my library was closed, and Katherine gave me a lamp that was off the inventory. On the lamp was an ancient riddle written in multiple languages. I solved the riddle and out of the lamp came Jessie, a sex genie who is now bound to me and will grant me any wish so long as its sex related." Vicky explained in one long breath.

Lisa blinked a few times in silence, looking back and forth between Jessie and Vicky. Then she chuckled as she started leaving again. "Honestly, this is just getting insulting now Vicky."

Was I this difficult when you were trying to convince me? Vicky mentally asked Jessie.

Honestly Mistress...yes.

How did you eventually convince me?

I didn't. You accidently wished for a cock and I granted you one. That pretty much sealed the deal. She's also feeling inadequate because of my presence and how attractive you look. It's classic third wheel syndrome.

Okay, I know how to solve both problems then. Return our pussies please.

Lisa was just about to swing open the door to Vicky's apartment when Vicky suddenly blurted out "Jessie, I wish for Lisa to have a beautiful and large uncut cock so she can fuck both of us!"

Lisa snapped her gaze back at Vicky with smite, but it quickly turned to shock and awe as she stared down at her crotch in wonder, a curious bulge forming under her pants.

"What did you do?" Lisa asked softly.

"You know you always wanted to try one. All those times you'd fuck me with a strap on or a dildo, acting like it was your cock in me. Now you can really try it out." Vicky explained.

Lisa ran her hand down the front of her jeans and gasped lightly. Looking up at Jessie and Vicky, she quickly ran to the bathroom and slammed the door shut. A moment later a loud scream erupted from the bathroom followed by eerie silence.

Vicky and Jessie waited patiently outside the bathroom until the door finally swung open slowly, revealing Lisa standing in front of the mirror with only her top on. Between her legs dangled a semi-rigid cock, its pink head slowly poking through its foreskin.

"If you hate it that much, I can just as easily dismiss and return your pussy," Vicky offered, feeling she may have overstepped.

"I have a cock...why do I have a cock Victoria?" Lisa asked loudly, her freak out factor still running high.

"Well you did hear me wish for you to have one, didn't you?" Vicky tried to explain.

"Yes, but that was supposed to be a prank. I thought you were showing off your new girlfriend and basking in all the sex you were having without me. She's not supposed to be a real genie, let alone a freaking sex genie! Genies aren't real, magic isn't real!" Lisa almost yelled as her cock continued to rise with her anger.

"I'm sorry, I overstepped a boundary. I'll wish it away and return your pussy."

"Don't you dare!" Lisa quickly responded. "...so this is real, all of this? She's a real genie and you found her magic lamp. Then you somehow figured out a way to relate the winning lottery numbers to sex and you're going to be a multi-millionaire soon?" Lisa asked, her volume dropping.

"Pretty much." Vicky replied meekly.

Vicky remained quiet as Lisa slowly digested all this new information. She could tell her ex-lover was starting to calm down, but Lisa was like an emotional wave with high ups and low downs.

"So you can wish for anything?" Lisa finally asked without yelling.

"Not anything. Like I said, sex has to be involved in the wish in some form or fashion."

"So the new shower...?" Lisa trailed off.

Vicky chuckled and blushed a little as Lisa idly stroked her new cock while talking with them. Her former lover's dick was becoming flush and engorged with desire.

"Yeah, that was another well placed wish." Vicky explained.

Lisa walked over to Vicky and kissed her softly on the cheek, her cock delightfully rubbing against Vicky's thigh. Then she moved over to Jessie and shook her hand vigorously.

"I'm sorry I was such a bitch. It was hard seeing Vicky with another woman, especially one as beautiful as you. But now I completely understand."

Jessie grinned and returned the gesture while kissing Lisa softly on the lips.

"Any friend and lover of my mistress is a friend and lover of myself too!" Jessie declared triumphantly.

Lisa raised a quizzical eyebrow at Vicky.

"It's this whole thing. After solving the puzzle I had the option to...bind her to me. I just had to take her virginity and she would no longer be able to grant wishes for anyone else, only me," Vicky tried to explain, embarrassed at how crazy and kinky it sounded.
