 I want to give a big thanks to Superguest for his help in editing the series. Without his help these stories wouldn't be as good as they are!

*

Vicky loved the taste of a wet pussy, especially the tang from when she plunged her tongue as deep as it could go. Eating out her ridiculously sexy genie, Vicky was suddenly regretful that she hadn't eaten her pussy more often. Making up for lost time, Vicky lapped at Jessie's cunt as she fingered the genie's asshole, forcing the magical being to experience several orgasms back to back. Vicky's own cunt was filled with Lisa's cock, which was rubbing her g-spot perfectly.

Lisa looked down at Vicky's spread-open ass as it was filled with her magical dick. She had fucked Vicky before in college with a strap-on several times, but it was because of the toy that they broke up. Vicky kept wanting to fuck Lisa with it, but Lisa just wasn't interested in that. She didn't mind being eaten out - in fact, she loved it when Vicky would lap at her pussy just like she was doing to Jessie. But the idea of being penetrated, even if it was by another woman, just felt too hetero for Lisa. She realized it was a bit of a double standard since she loved fucking other women with her strap on, but it was something she felt strongly about.

Now with Vicky bent over and taking her very real cock, Lisa was feeling overwhelmed with all her old emotions. Hearing both girls moaning loudly from multiple orgasms pushed Lisa close to the edge.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum again!" she almost screamed.

"In me or on me?" Vicky asked.

Lisa thought quickly then yelled, "On you!" as she pulled her cock out of Vicky, stroking it wildly as her orgasm was about to peak.

Vicky turned around and got on her knees while she pressed her tits together and opened her mouth wide, giving Lisa a lot of options. Jessie, while still fuzzy after all her orgasms, had enough presence of mind to get up and join her mistress.

Lisa looked down at both girls, subtly positioned in a classic porno money shot position, and that pushed her over the final edge. Her cock erupted, spraying both girls on their faces and tits as the accountant hollered in frightful ecstasy. She was shocked at how powerful her orgasm was despite the fact that she had just cum a few minutes earlier.

After she coated Jessie and Vicky in her sex juices, Lisa slumped to the floor of the shower, out of breath and feeling completely drained.

"How the heck could I cum so much?" she thought out loud.

"That's my doing. Yours is not a normal cock; it's designed for maximum output and can refresh in mere minutes rather than hours or days like a normal penis," Jessie revealed as she smeared Lisa's love juices around her face. Vicky giggled at all the cum on her body and attacked her genie with sloppy kisses as they shared Lisa's cum between them.

"You realize this is crazy, right?" Lisa asked.

"I know, but it's a fun kind of crazy, isn't it?" Vicky laughed.

Lisa could only smirk and nod as her exhaustion was starting to fade.

"Excellent; well with you on board, all we need now is a CPA," Vicky declared proudly, happy to have another check mark off her to-do list.

"I can handle that. With you coming into so much money I think I might quit my current position and become your full time money manager, assuming you're alright with that. I'll have to draw an income from the money, but I'll plan on earning you far more than that. To that end, there's a sexy young thing in my office I've been seeing on the side; she's a very talented CPA and I think I can convince her to join the trust," Lisa offered.

"Do you think that's needed?" Vicky asked, unsure of everything Lisa was saying.

Lifting herself off the ground, Lisa started washing herself off and actually using the shower for what it was intended. "If you're going to win as much as you say you are, then managing that much money will be a full time job. Trust me, with me applying my full attention to your cash total I could earn you up to 10% on your investment. You said that you'll stand to earn 250 million? That means I can make you up to 25 million a year."

Vicky thought about that as Jessie started lathering her up, gently washing her hair and body with loving attention.

"How much should I pay you, Megan, and the CPA you'll bring on board?" Vicky asked.

"Easy, 10 percent of the earnings. Gives us an investment in the trust and everyone wins. You make a lot of money and we share in the profit."

"Sounds good to me! I'll need to get you Megan's phone number," Vicky idly thought out loud.

"No need - I've worked with Megan Hart before. I've got her contact information," Lisa revealed as she stepped out of the shower and started drying herself off. She paid particular attention to her new cock, fascinated by how it dangled between her legs.

"Cool, and once she finds out what you're packing there I'm sure she'll want a ride. She likes to be spanked in particular," Vicky teased as she also exited the shower and began drying off.

Raising an eyebrow, Lisa turned back to Vicky as she started redressing in her punk styled outfit. "So I get to keep this thing?"

"If you want, of course."

"And if I want my pussy back?"

"It's simply a matter of willing it back. Just think strongly to yourself about wishing for your pussy to return, and it shall. Then do so again if you wish for your cock back," Jessie interjected.

Running her hand gently across the length of her shaft Lisa couldn't help but smile to herself. Closing her eyes she did as Jessie recommended and when she reopened them her pussy was back as if it had never left.

"Amazing. Now, last order of business, this thing with your harem..." Lisa said, steering the conversation elsewhere.

This was the part of the conversation Vicky was dreading. She knew Lisa would want to be involved in the harem, but more than likely she'd want to be in charge of it in some form or fashion. Vicky prepared for another battle of wills with her ex-lover.

"Can I have one of those necklaces?" Lisa asked, momentarily shocking Vicky.

"Of course you can!" Jessie declared as she left the bathroom and walked over to her purse to retrieve the item in question, unashamed of her nakedness in the small apartment.

"Wait just a moment though; I want to be a part of what you've got going on, but I don't want to be just another girl for you to fuck - you know that's not my style. Instead, I was thinking I could be sort of like your lieutenant or something..." Lisa bartered.

Vicky was a little confused by the offer. "I'm not sure I'm understanding."

"Let's be realistic here Vick. With a magical sex genie, your appetite is going to grow. You've only had the genie for a few days and I'm sure you've already recruited a handful of girls to this harem you're building."

"It's not that many yet, but we've added a few - including Megan," Vicky revealed.

"Just like I thought. Now the more girls you add, the less you'll be able to keep up with their 'needs.' That's where I come in. Make me some kind of 2nd or 3rd in charge or something." Lisa asked with hope in her eyes.

What do you think? Vicky mentally asked Jessie.

She has good intentions and does not mean to deceive or betray your trust. Jessie replied with magical insight.

That's good enough for me.

Returning to the bathroom Jessie carried another pendant, but this one was slightly different from the others Vicky had handed out. While it still had the upside-down V in the vague shape of a pyramid, atop the right corner sat a crescent moon. Jessie handed the jewelry over to Lisa who examined it carefully.

"It's not exactly the same as the original necklace. The moon represents that you are a 'top' in the harem and one of my confidants. It also grants you limited powers. Through it you may contact myself or Jessie and if you need some magical assistance simply wish for it. Just remember, the wish needs to be sexual in nature," Vicky explained with a warm smile.

Lisa proudly put the necklace and had a beaming smile on as she started gathering her purse and shoes. "So I guess this means we're now bound by some magical power?" Lisa asked as she zipped up her knee high leather boots.

"More than you know..." Vicky replied with a smile.

She walked Lisa to the front door and opened it to the chill of the winter air. Lisa turned around and gave Vicky a kiss on the cheek.

"I'm glad you found someone. I have to admit I'm a little jealous it wasn't me, but back there in the shower I think I finally figured out why we don't work as a couple. But I'm glad you're still in my life and that you've invited me to share on this adventure of yours," Lisa commented in a blunt moment of honesty. Vicky was stunned silent and didn't know how to reply.

Turning to Jessie, Lisa embraced the magical genie and gave her a long, deep, passionate kiss. She dipped the brunette back and held her head gently as she invaded Jessie's mouth with her tongue. Vicky was again stunned, her mouth slightly agape.

"That's to thank you for my new toy..." Lisa declared as she finally swung Jessie back up and broke their embrace, leaving the genie slightly light headed.

"Take care of Vicky. I know she loves you and most importantly that you love her," Lisa said as she started walking off from the apartment. Jessie smiled and nodded and she leaned her head on Vicky's shoulder while they watched Lisa walk off into the night.

Finally closing the door and shutting off the chill, the girls took to organizing themselves for bed. Vicky started fiddling with some nightwear when she remembered she didn't need it anymore.

She climbed into her small full sized bed and soon Jessie joined her, completely naked save for her pierced nipples, golden bracelets, and anklets. Jessie snuggled up to Vicky and assumed the little spoon position as Vicky clicked off the bedside lamp, blanketing the girls in soft darkness.

Vicky was suddenly very tired after their big day and found it hard to keep her eyes open as Jessie's warm body and steady breathing lulled her to sleep. The last thought that floated through her head was Star Trek, but she couldn't remember why that was suddenly important...

Just as quickly as Vicky's eyes closed and sleep enveloped her she opened them again and found her in an entirely different room. Her bed was no longer full sized and instead it looked more like a king sized bed. The sheets were odd and shiny, as if they were made from silk but the material felt more synthetic.

Sitting up in her bed she looked around and saw an odd apartment of sorts. There was a sitting room and a desk with a tablet on it and a very flat computer monitor with a symbol rotating around as a sort of screen saver.

Vicky sat up in shock, confused and frightened by her unfamiliar surroundings.

"Where the hell am I?" she wondered out loud.

"You are on board the U.S.S. Columbus, Captain Cross," an automated female voice answered.

Vicky suddenly felt very stupid and embarrassed, yet full of wonder and excitement. She had forgotten about the Star Trek fantasy she had queued up for this evening.

I must have woken up here just as I fell asleep in the real world. Vicky thought to herself.

She walked around her quarters and ran her hands over all the furniture and computer terminals. Her concept of 'real' was suddenly coming into question as everything felt and reacted like it was real. The computer responded to her voice commands and she was able to browse through the Federation database using her desktop terminal and bring up information on anything she could think of.

Feeling a little overwhelmed Vicky decided to get dressed. Opening her wardrobe she found the stereotypical tight federation uniform that left little to the imagination. While it covered her entire body, it was extremely form fitting and Jessie felt slightly embarrassed that the outline of her cock was apparent in the groin area of the uniform.

Well honestly, who's going to care? It is just a fantasy after all.

Stepping out of her quarters she was immediately saluted by several officers and ensigns walking by. Her crew came in all different flavors. There were brunettes, redheads, blondes, and some with raven black hair. Tall and lean with long legs, short and stout with wide hips and thick rear ends. There were even aliens on board with green, blue and even stark white skin. The only thing her crew had in common was that they were all female.

Vicky chuckled to herself and she continued down the hallway, instinctively knowing how to get to the bridge.

I don't know if that was Jessie's idea or something she read from my subconscious.

After taking the turbo lift up a few decks, the doors opened to the bridge as her crew stood up in unison.

"Captain on the bridge!" Jessie declared as she rose from the Captain's chair to salute. She wore a smile as she gave Vicky a wink.

"Thank you, Number One. I was wondering if I could see you in my office for a moment," Vicky asked as she looked over her bridge officers. There was a female-looking Data at the helm with sparkling yellow skin, golden eyes, and short jet black hair. Her tactical officer was a short B'Jorin with fanciful jewelry and long brown hair. Her communications officer was an alien cat looking creature that she couldn't remember the name of, but still looked oddly sexy in a way that kind of confused Vicky.

The doors to her office automatically opened and she stepped in followed by Jessie. Slumping into her desk chair, Jessie took up the one opposite of her and both girls shared a giggle.

"Oh wow, I completely forgot about this!" Vicky declared.

"As did I, Mistress."

"How could you forget, isn't this an extension of your powers?" Vicky asked, slightly confused.

"It is, but consider it like my powers being on autopilot, especially since I am a participant in the fantasy."

"Okay, so now what? I could wander around the ship all day but that might seem odd to the crew..." Vicky asked, trying to figure out their next step.

"It is a fantasy, so you may do whatever you'd like," Jessie answered.

"What's with the crew being all female?" Vicky asked.

"Many of the details for the setting were drawn from your mind and memories. As such, your subconscious filled in many of the gaps, including the various crew members. In the future if you'd like the selection of the crew to be more realistic and include males I can easily accommodate that."

"We'll see. I sort of like the idea, but it also kind of breaks the reality of the scenario since the federation would never have an all-female crew like this," Vicky thought out loud.

Biting her lower lip she looked at her desk monitor and voice activated it, toggling through their current agenda. "I see we're enroute to the neutral zone?" Vicky asked.

"Yes; we've been asked to help negotiate a peace treaty between the Romulans and the Klingons," Jessie answered.

Vicky snorted out a laugh, suddenly feeling very geeky.

"That's never going to happen. The Romulans and the Klingons are both too aggressive and stubborn to ever declare peace. Plus there's a high probability that someone's going to try to sabotage the negotiations," Vicky explained.

"As you say, Mistress. I'm not as familiar with this setting as you are," Jessie replied, feeling a little confused.

Trying to get into the spirit of things, Vicky tapped her communicator on her uniform.

"Captain to Lieutenant Commander Qubit - please come to my office," Vicky asked, shocked that she knew the name of the android on her bridge.

"How did I know her name?" Vicky hurriedly asked Jessie.

"You were provided knowledge of everything needed to act like the captain of a Starship including the relative history, technology, and names of all those involved in your fantasy life," Jessie explained just before the captain's doors swished open and close as the female android entered the room.

"Captain, you requested my presence?" Qubit asked as she leaned her head to the left, trying to imitate the human expression of curiosity. Her eyes darted back and forth, taking in everything in the room and pulling up data points for the conversation at hand.

"Yes, Commander. I was wondering if you've prepared a briefing for our diplomatic rendezvous. As I understand it we only have a few hours before we arrive and I want to be prepared," Vicky stated in her most commanding voice, trying to sound like a captain.

"Of course, Captain. Both parties have been allowed a single diplomat of importance, no guards or other personnel. While they were hesitant regarding this stipulation, ultimately it was explained that this would be in both parties best interest as the federation would handle security and this measure would greatly reduce the chance of interference by radical extremists," Qudit explained stoically.

Vicky was a little put off by the android's blunt explanation of affairs, feeling the entire situation had turned into a school lecture. "Qubit, have you been studying human behavior and relationships?"

"Of course, Captain. I - like my father and creator Data - yearn to replicate human interactions."

"Excellent. I was just thinking that all the information you're presenting to me is important, but I was wondering if there might be a more interesting manner that you could relay that information..." Vicky stated as she leaned back into her chair. Jessie just watched in bemusement at the situation.

"Does the captain have a suggestion? I could juggle, or dance an Irish jig while presenting the mission briefing,"

Qubit offered.

"How detailed are your sexual interactions files?" Vicky asked with a devilish smile.

Qubit, not changing her stance or expression, simply replied, "Extremely detailed, Captain."

"Excellent? Then maybe you can perform an erotic lap dance while you continue with the briefing?"

"But of course, Captain," Qubit said as she unzipped the top of her uniform. She walked over to the captain's chair and pulled it away from the desk, providing her enough room to work. Vicky was already tenting her uniform, straining the fabric with her engorged dick.

"As such the Romulans have sent Commander Sela, daughter of Tasha Yar from the Enterprise-D from an accidental time travel incident with the Enterprise-C several years ago," Qubit continued to explain as she removed her top and exposed her breasts.

Vicky decided to break the rules of the lap dance and freely fondled the android. She was surprised at how natural her breasts felt as she gently rubbed them in her hands. Qubit didn't respond to the stimulation and continued with her briefing.

"The Klingons have responded in kind and have sent B'Etor from house Duras, who have recently taken the throne after several years of conflict with the Klingon High Council," Qubit continued as she straddled Vicky and began grinding against her crotch, swirling her hips in small circles as she braced herself on the arms of the chair.

She's still so stiff. Does she really not feel or enjoy any of this? Vicky thought to Jessie.

It's all just a matter of circumstance to her. Standing still or dry humping you, both are effectively the same to her when her emotion chip is disabled. Jessie mentally replied.

Vicky had a sudden 'duh' moment and felt a little silly for not figuring that part out.

"Qubit, please activate your emotion chip and set your erotic subroutine to a very high output," Vicky ordered.

Before the android could even answer she suddenly moaned out loud as her grinding became more urgent. She braced herself against Vicky's breasts and began manipulating them just as Vicky was doing to her. "Oh Captain, your cock feels so good against me..." she whispered into Vicky's ear, sending shivers up the redhead's spine.
