 "Genie Chronicles" by Joe Brolly introduced a number of characters and plot lines in a 29-chapter story that abruptly ended in 2007, clearly uncompleted. 

"Genie Chronicles II" is a derivative work that continues from where Brolly stopped. I have been unable to contact the author for permission to publish this -- some readers have commented that Brolly may be deceased (I can't confirm that). 

I am further developing Brolly's characters and story lines, wrapping up some of the hanging plots, and expanding on Brolly's magical universe. 

There is no way I can reference all the material from the original work without destroying the flow of this story. My hope is that you will read the original "Genie Chronicles" to better appreciate where I further Brolly's ideas and where I add my own. 

For those who are starting with this story, here is a short version of the back-story: 

(Genie Chronicles, chapters 00-8) Jack Phillips is a single 20-something IT consultant. He opens a complex puzzle box inherited from his late aunt and releases an ancient genie sex slave. Genie (later Jennifer Holiday) is a beautiful, smart-ass redhead based on Jack's 'perfect' woman, created to fulfill his every sexual wish. After some initial discovery by both her and Jack, Genie becomes more a partner and girlfriend than a slave. 

Jack is, by Genie's own admission, a particularly inventive Master. Jack is now a 'hunk' rather than an overweight nerd; he can control the size of his cock and can match the 'best fit' for any woman; he and Genie can communicate telepathically; they can 'read' the sexual background and interests of any woman (her tote board); and Jack can make "secret wishes" Genie is unaware of until they occur. 

(Genie Chronicles, chapters 9-21) Since all wishes have to be of a sexual nature, Jack still has to make a living. His IT work is now heavily focused on supporting an adult toy distributor (Forbidden Indulgences), and he and Jennifer have become key contributors to the company's growth. While redoing their web site, Jack noted the lack of men's toys; he and Jennifer have produced a life-like blow-job simulator under the guise of an invention by an "eccentric friend" who wants Forbidden Indulgences to be the sole distributor. 

(Genie Chronicles, chapters 22-28) Jack and Jennifer help Forbidden Indulgences introduce the blow-job simulator at a Las Vegas adult toy convention, then head to the beach to meet Jack's extended family for a week's vacation. Sharing a large house with them are: Jack's parents (Ronald and Kathleen Phillips) and his younger, 22-year-old sister (Sarah); Kathleen's younger sister and her husband (Doreen and Jonathan Shubert) and their 19-year-old daughter who brought a friend (Janie and Lea, respectively); and the widow of Ronald's older brother (Cindy Phillips) with her 18-year-old son (Zane). Jack's older "hippy" sister and her daughter (Martha and Elizabeth) are arriving later. 

The group has spent the first day and a half at the beach where Zane and Lea have mutually developed their first crush and Cindy has flirted with her favorite (and only) nephew (Jack). Jennifer has told Jack his mom is different from anyone other human she has encountered; not only is Kathleen abnormally intuitive, but her mind is closed to Genie's normal, casual observation. 

As we pick up the story, it's the end of the second day at the beach. Jennifer has gone upstairs with Sarah and Janie to try on their day's purchases. Zane and Lea have snuck off to get to know each other better. Jack and his mom are relaxing on the deck... 

********* 

They sat in companionable silence for a while, then Katharine said, "Jack I really like Jennifer. I'm so thrilled you two met, you look very happy together." 

Jack felt a strong sense of Deja Vu. "But?" 

"Well, don't take this the wrong way, but Jennifer seems a little... different." 

Oh Shit. 

Genie, did you catch that? 

Yes, Jack. She knows something; but again, I'm unable to see into her 'dorm room'. 

Covering his shock by slowly taking a sip of his beer, Jack casually replied, "I know, isn't she great? And you're right, she's different than the other woman I've brought home. Heck, I feel like the luckiest guy in the world!" 

Kathleen gave her son a withering look, "I didn't mean she's different because she's the most intelligent, beautiful woman you've ever dated--or I've ever met for that matter...but come to think about it, that's part of the issue. Maybe different isn't the right word. I should say she's a dichotomy. 

Before Jack could object or even interject, his mother continued, "On one hand, she's all the things you and I said, and on the other, she comes across as a naïve little girl." 

Jack knew Genie was still learning to be Jennifer but thought they had hidden it pretty well. So he asked, "What do you mean?" 

"Well, don't you find it odd she spent at least four years at the University of Washington but had never seen the ocean until this morning? And I can't tell you how many common foods I've seen her taste as though for the first time. That's what I mean." 

Before Jennifer could interrupt his thoughts he told her I got this! 

"I guess I'm just used to Jennifer's little idiosyncrasies, Mom. I can only tell you that, until we met, she led a very sheltered life. I've seen a huge change in her since we've been together. Frankly, I find her discovery of new things to be totally endearing." 

"I'm sorry Jack... I shouldn't have said anything. Jennifer is just so perfect that those little 'differences', for lack of a better word, stand out." 

Jack wasn't ready to let this go. "I think it's more than that though, isn't it?" 

Kathleen quickly turned away, taking a large gulp from her wine and then standing. "I'm not sure what you're talking about. Why don't we take our drinks down to the beach?" 

"Mom, please sit and let's talk." Kathleen reluctantly sat again. Jack thought back to the numerous times his mom had displayed her special family ESP; combining that with Jennifer's insight into her mind, he quietly replied, "Maybe this would be a good time to discuss everyone's differences." 

His mother looked at him and sighed in resignation. "I suppose you're not going to let this go. So I might as well tell you the whole bloody tale." That was as close as Jack had ever heard his mother swear, so he knew this was going to be good. 

"First I need a refill." Jack quickly got them both a fresh drink and sat. 

Genie, make sure we aren't disturbed please. 

Okay Jack. 

Kathleen chose to gaze out at the ocean rather than face Jack's questioning eyes as she began her story. "You and your sisters have kidded me forever about how I had a 'Mother's intuition', and I tried to make light of it to deflect you. But it's real. For as far back as I have tracked, my family—or at least some of the girls in my family—have had unique, and sometimes strange, abilities. Let's call them 'talents'. 

"For instance, my grandmother wrote in her diary that she could predict when visitors were approaching and could tell their intentions, particularly if they were of a sexually malicious nature. That talent saved their lives several times when she, her husband, and their two young daughters were homesteaders. 

"I don't think my mother or her sister had any talents, or if they did, they were extremely weak. I asked Mom late in her life, and she looked at me like I was crazy. But by then, both your Aunt Margaret and I knew we both had talents. Mine you've experienced. I can sense, just by a person's voice, what their 'love life' if you will, is like. And I also can sense what they might want it to be like." 

Uh-oh! 

Kathleen now looked at Jack, who apparently couldn't hide his apprehension. "Yes, I've sensed some new and kinky things from you since you arrived, sonny." If looks could kill. 

"But that brings us back to Jennifer and her difference. For the life of me, I can't get a single impression from her. It's like she's a Buddhist monk in a trance. That's never happened before." 

"Is it nothing, or is it like the door to her mind is closed?" Jack casually asked. 

"Maybe that's a better description; yes, her door is closed. What made you think of that analogy?" 

Jack thought quickly. "Well, I always thought somehow you were peeking in to my mind like you did my bedroom." They both laughed. 

"Maybe you can't read everyone and just found that out with Jennifer. Or maybe she is like you and has her own talent that blocks your talent." A little truth can sometimes be for the best. 

Kathleen perked up at that last possibility. "It would be really exciting if Jennifer had a talent too," she enthused. "We would have so much to discuss—besides your baby pictures of course!" 

Jack cringed to let her know she had truly wounded him. "I'll talk to her and see if she might have a clue about this—but we already know she has little if any knowledge about her family history. 

"Does it bother you to be different?" he asked. Then added quickly, "It sure doesn't bother me, but I haven't had to see the sexual thoughts of others." 

Until recently you mean Master; now it's all I can do to keep you from reading every female on the planet! 

That's right! Our tote board is kind of like that. I guess that means her talent could easily be more magic than ESP. 

Kathleen shrugged. "Not really. I've learned to live with it. I ignore most people... I've learned to walk past their doors without looking, as you would put it. I get a little thrill out of checking out family and friends. Your father has been a faithful and loving husband and like Jonathan only lets his eyes wander occasionally. Martha was a real challenge until she settled down. Sarah is starting to explore with boys and girls—she now thinks she's bisexual. And Cindy always surprises me with her randy thoughts. I probably don't need to tell you what an interesting mess you and Jennifer have made to everyone's 'bedrooms' since you arrived!" 

She's spot on, Jack. I couldn't have put it any better. 

I'm just surprised about Sarah. Has she made any moves on you? Not that that's a bad thing. 

Not yet. It took her a while to get over her jealousy; I think she thought I was going to steal Janie away from her. We're now approaching the BFF stage, so I expect something more overt soon. I wasn't sure if you wanted me to keep you up to date on the sex life of your 'icky' sister. 

Well, I'm not here to judge her. Mom surprisingly seems to have taken it in stride, so I will too. Besides, it's kind of kinky thinking about the two of you! 

Oooo... Bad Big Brother! 

What about Janie. She seems to be ignoring Lea, Jack observed. Is that because she's fallen under the spell of Sarah? 

Not exactly. Since you asked me to encourage Zane and Lea, I have encouraged Janie to not worry about her friend. She has no more than normal high school girl curiosity about other girls. She mostly wants to discuss her hunky cousin! The thought of incest doesn't seem to put her off at all, much to Sarah's cringing dismay! I'm going to be watching you two, she snickered. 

Jack was sure she could sense his grin. By the way, did you know you were blocking? 

Of course, Jack. No respectable magician shows her secrets! 

Okay, back to Mom. I'm really intrigued about this magical-female-in-the-family thing. It almost makes me think of witches. 

Tingle. Ah, you're right. If you want, I can carefully try to open her 'door'. Just realize she could feel me; then I would have some 'splainin' to do. 

If you find the right time, give it a try. We'll deal with the fallout if it happens. 

All right, Jack. Just so you know, while I can't tell you much about her thoughts, I sense your mother can deal with your -- or should I say our -- secret. She's used to the idea that magic could be real. But can you deal with her secret? 

Jack thought about it. Jennifer and he had discussed other magical creatures in the world. Was he prepared to learn his mother was one? Rather than shrinking from the thought, Jack actually began to hope for that possibility. Even though he had changed a lot since Genie had come in to his life, he was still a geek at heart; a Magic Mom was so cool! 

Yes, she's still my mom and always will be. There's nothing you could discover that would be any more fantastic than my life has been since you came into it. And I mean that in the very best way! 

Thank you, Jack. I hope you won't be too disappointed if Kathleen's talent turns out to be unique but mundane. 

By the way, our purchases today are a big hit. We all particularly liked my bikini with the red heels I found in our closet, you naughty boy. 

Jack smiled as he envisioned Jennifer strutting around the bedroom in the four-inch "fuck-me" pumps he had secretly wished for on their way home from shopping. He had specified the same shade of red as the bits of cloth she had just purchased. If that didn't get his sister going, nothing would. 

Jack interrupted his mom's thoughts with a sudden question, "Didn't you say Aunt Margaret had a talent too? Was she okay with hers?" 

"Well, yes and absolutely yes! She could sense sex too, but not in people, like I can. Hers was more in things, like places and objects. That's why she was always travelling; she really enjoyed studying different cultures and their fertility rites and things like that. The stories she would tell! There was a reason she never married, and I assure you it wasn't because she didn't like men! 

"I' know a lot of those weird souvenirs we went through in her house were things she found with her talent. I couldn't tell you which ones; my talent doesn't help at all. You could hand me a magic lamp and I'd say, 'Oooo, pretty!" 

Jack tried to keep a straight face. Holy Irony, Batman! 

What? Tingle. Ohhh! Forgetting the shot too close to the target for the moment, maybe you should have claimed more of your aunt's things when you had the chance. 

Yeah; the majority were little figurines and hand-crafted dolls from all over the world. Most were obviously female, and the last thing I wanted was to be known as a girl's doll collector. Dad felt the same way. Well, it's too late now... or is it? 

Jack figured it was worth pursuing this a little further. He chuckled to diffuse his intentions. "I remember us looking at all that stuff, wondering why anyone would want it. At least now I understand why Aunt Margaret found it interesting. I also realize I was getting the PG version of her stories all those years." 

As if it just occurred to him, Jack casually asked, "I forget—what all did you guys take? I know we threw most of her things away or gave them to charity." 

Kathleen thought for a moment. "Let's see, that was several months ago now... the only furniture we kept was her roll-top desk we put in your father's study." 

"I remember that; wasn't it broken though?" 

She shook her head. "It works fine; you're just talking about the rattling sound we heard when we tipped it on it's side getting it out of her house. We never did figure out what was causing that." 

"Sarah took the flute that doesn't play and the little guitar or whatever, remember?" she continued. "I'm not sure why. She has a great singing voice but can't play a lick on any musical instrument. They're still at home in her bedroom, probably forgotten. 

"They were very pretty though. I remember they both had inlaid pictures of women. Maybe that's why she took them," she said, waggling her eyebrows. 

"Your father liked the small globe with all the interesting detail. I remember you wanted the magnifying glass that always sat next to it on her mantel. Then there was the carved elephant with the missing tusk; Martha took that, and I think it's in Elizabeth's room at their apartment. Oh, and we still have that African rattle we all thought made such a weird noise. Your father shakes that at the evening news on occasion. Come to think of it, he usually wants to go to bed right after that." Jack detected a distinct redness in his mother's cheeks. Ewww! 

After a sip of wine, she continued, "As I recall, you took a stone statue, which might have been Incan but we all thought was fake. I remember it had a missing strategic piece." Again, a blush. "And you took that beautiful empty wooden box with the strange carvings that sat on her nightstand. I think that was your favorite of all the things she ever brought home." 

She thought a moment longer. "You're right; the rest went out, except for the things we sold to the antiques man." 

Jack perked up. "I don't remember that!" 

"I think you had left by then. An older gentleman in a beat-up pickup came by just as your father was about to haul the furniture and a couple boxes of most of the nick-nacks to Goodwill. He gave us a hundred for the boxes but didn't want the furniture. He said he had a store in the area." 

Jack thought about the other things that littered his aunt's house. Knowing what he did now, there were a number of items he'd like to get his hands on or at least look at more closely, particularly the dolls. Unless the old man knew what he was buying, Jack figured most everything was still languishing in that antique store collecting dust. 

The problem was, he didn't have any way to tell what was valuable and what was just a souvenir. If only his late aunt was still alive. Or if... 

Genie, remember when we discussed the limitations on your powers; I recall you were very specific that you couldn't sense any jinns or genies. If I made a wish, you would refuse, knowing you just wouldn't be able to grant it. Do you know if that would also apply to jinn magic or other magic? 

I don't know; it wasn't a subject that was included in my creation. 

So if I wished that you could detect and fully understand magic—no, let's make that sexual magic—in any form—by that I mean in a person or in an object—just by looking, so you and I could expand our lovemaking with new ideas and toys, would anything happen? 

Your wish is sufficiently sexual, Master; but we'll never know unless you actually make the wish! 

Jack rolled his eyes. Okay smarty-pants. I so wish! 

Done! 

Jack waited a moment. Anything? 

No, Jack. Since I'm with two of your female relatives, I thought I might sense something. Either Sarah and Janie have no sexual magic or your wish didn't work. Ohh! 

What? 

I see a glow around those red heels you left me; I can see they are a secret wish from my Master! 

Yessss! It worked! 

Jack realized he had been silent for quite awhile, and anxiously looked at his mother. But Kathleen appeared talked out and was gazing out at the ocean. Jack pulled her up by the hand. "Let's go down to the beach to watch the sun set." They headed downstairs and onto the sand. 

Kathleen continued talking of the day's activities and what the schedule was for Wednesday. "Since Martha and Elizabeth are getting here early tomorrow, why don't we delay breakfast until they arrive, then eat and head to the water again?" 

They had picked this beach for their family get-together because his older sister lived less than an hour's drive away. While Martha had to work around her (and her daughter's school) schedule and would only be able to come for the last few days of their stay, she had let the others know she planned to get an early start Wednesday and would be arriving mid-morning. Kathleen could hardly wait to reconnect with her oldest daughter and her first and only grandchild. 
