 Jack woke with the sun in his face. "Dammit," he thought, "fell asleep on the couch again." He sat up slowly, rubbing sleep out of his eyes. Funny, the TV wasn't on. Waking up on the couch wasn't that unusual. He often fell asleep watching a late movie or Letterman, only to awaken to some inane morning show. "Huh, must have cut it off during the night, I guess."

He got up and started for the kitchen to get some juice when a quiet voice said, "Good morning, master." He jolted to a stop and spun toward the voice, suddenly wide-awake with heart pounding. From the far corner of the room stepped a vision; the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She was clothed in the sheerest of silk that revealed much, yet hid just enough to be incredibly tantalizing.

As his befuddled mind tried to process what he saw and its implications, the young woman stepped in front of him, stopped, and smiled. Her slightly small mouth had full lips that formed a stunning yet demure smile which lit up the room, made his heart beat even faster, and awakened his cock. She stood, eyes slightly downcast, apparently waiting for him to say something. 

"Uh... who... what... how..." He swallowed and tried again. "Who are you, and how did you get in here?" 

Her smile widened at his confusion, causing his rapidly-beating heart to skip a few, then she said, "I am whomever you would like me to be, master. As to how I got here, is that not obvious? Did you not open my box?" 

The box. Everything rushed back into his head; the box, the puzzle, the glowing mist. Suddenly he had to sit down. He made it back to the couch before his legs gave out from under him, his eyes never leaving the girl. 

"The box? How... What do you mean? What was that light? What did you do to me?" he asked, remembering now that the pink mist was the last thing he saw the night before.

The woman's smile gave way to a small, albeit cute frown. "You do not know of the box? You must. I am here. You did open it, yes?"

Jack felt a little better now that he was not the only one confused, then realized that might not be a good thing. "Well, yeah, I did. I solved the puzzle." 

"Ah," she said, her smile returning, "This is correct, then. You are my rightful master. I am your Genie." 

Master? Genie? What the hell was she talking about? This had to be a dream. Had he fallen asleep watching a rerun of "I Dream of Genie"? He must have. He was at this very moment really sleeping on the couch while it played on TV. Still, as dreams went, it could be worse. She was certainly hot, definitely hotter than Barbara Eden. He was afraid to ask too many questions, fearing that, if this was a dream it might end before anything good could happen (as they always did), but he didn't know what else to do. 

"Uh, I'm sorry, but I'm not quite awake, yet. I had a late night that ended oddly. Could you kind of start from the beginning and tell me about, uh, yourself, or whatever..." He trailed off, not wanting to go too far and indicate to her that he wasn't who she expected him to be. 

Apparently that was already obvious to her, though, as she said, "Yes, I can understand your confusion. You are not my originally intended master. But no matter, the box was opened by your hand, so my master you are." 

She knelt on the floor in front of him, giving him an incredible view of her dazzling cleavage. He would have had a hard time concentrating on anything else if it hadn't been for the unbelievable story she told, and a pair of startlingly green eyes that captured his as she began speaking. 

"I am a Genie, a female Jinn. I was placed in that box many, many years ago. Created by a Major Genie, it, and I, was intended to be a gift for a very wealthy Sultan as a present. That particular Sultan loved puzzles, and this box was constructed to be a great challenge for him, with me as his prize, when, or if, he solved it." 

"Apparently he never did, or perhaps the box was stolen. I do not know. A Genie such as me is aware neither of what transpires outside his or her vessel, nor even of the passage of time itself while the vessel is sealed. But that does not matter, now. The way the box was created, my master is whoever solves the puzzle and opens the box. You have done so. So, master, how may I be of service?" As she said this last, she bowed her head briefly to the floor.

Jack was stunned. Was this really happening? It couldn't be. Either someone was going to some elaborate lengths to play a practical joke on him, or he was still asleep on the couch with that rerun of "Jeannie" on the TV. He pinched himself. Ow! Ok, must be a joke, then. But hell, why not play along? 

"Um, I'm not sure. How CAN you be of service?" 

"In any way you wish, master. I am yours to command." 

His to command, eh? Yeah, right. Who had set this up, and where had they gotten this beautiful girl? At least if she was a stripper or something, she should be of legal age. As practical jokes went, this was a great one.

Jack thought for a few minutes. Just what would it take to call this girl's bluff? If he was careful, he hoped he could get some enjoyment out of this before exceeding what she was paid to do. Hmmm. She was wearing so little anyway...

"How about, remove your clothes." 

"Yes, master." She stood and began to remove her silks. 

"No, um, strip for me, please. Make it erotic." 

"Yes, master." And she did. For the next ten minutes, Jack was witness to the most incredibly erotic strip tease he had ever seen as she slowly revealed her perfect body. There was no music, no sound. It would have only detracted from the performance. One by one the silks would drift to the floor, leaving a thinner layer behind, a little more of her lightly tanned skin showing through. Yet the remaining filmy material and her continuous movement still managed to conceal her most private places. Even the very last thin silk somehow managed to hide what he so urgently wanted to see. Then it, too, fell to the floor as she gracefully turned to face him, her auburn hair, now slightly tousled, settling over her breasts. It was thick enough to completely conceal them and long enough to almost reach her delicious oval belly button and partially obscure her taut, flat stomach. 

By this time Jack was perspiring a bit and his cock was rock-hard. The young woman - she couldn't be more than twenty, if that - was exceptionally talented, and Jack sat in stunned silence, only able to stare at her in lust. Oddly, he found her breasts still being hidden by her glorious mane while the rest of her was exposed a surprising turn-on, focusing more of his attention on a small triangle of trimmed red-gold bush, pointing down to a delectable and completely bare hood and pair of lips, all perfectly framed by lusciously rounded hips flaring from her narrow waist.

Finally, his eyes found their way back to her face, whose pink-cheeked, slightly exerted expression held curious combinations of innocence and sexuality, subservience and perhaps just a bit of mischief. As innocent as she might look, however, she was apparently not in the least bit self-conscious about her nudity, and seemed quite happy for him to admire her for as long as he liked, and to wait for his next command. Jack wondered for a while what that command should be. Finally, voice unsteady, he said, "Ok, now, uh, how about a lap dance." 

"Lap dance?" she frowned slightly, as if in concentration. There was a brief tingle in his mind, but he was too distracted to notice it. "Ah! Yes master." 

Again her sensuous body began moving to an unheard rhythm. She slowly turned away from him, revealing a sculpted back and two full, firm, round cheeks. She then sunk her stunning rear into his lap and began swirling it lightly against his cock, which was straining mightily for release from his shorts. It was all he could do not to cum right then. Slowly she turned again, somehow keeping her ass in constant contact with his fabric-sheathed cock, to straddle him, a look of sultry eroticism now on her young face. 

She rubbed her covered breasts lightly against his chest for a few moments, her silken strands tickling his nipples, her ass continuing its delicious gyrations, before rubbing upwards against him. She paused with her breasts inches from his face and reached up to leisurely, teasingly pull the hair covering her right breast aside. Once she had it revealed, she flipped her hair gracefully over her shoulder with that special little head toss that all women with long manes develop, and that had always aroused him. Somehow, her left breast stayed hidden.

Jack was now presented with a large, perfectly round breast completely untouched by gravity, with a small areola surrounding a large, pert nipple that pointed ever so slightly up when erect, as it was now. He had to sit on his hands to keep from reaching for it, but he had asked for a lap dance, and the rule was no touching. At that moment he would have sworn that following that rule was the hardest thing he had ever done, but a rule was a rule. In this instance it seemed to make the dance even more erotic, if that were possible.

The girl rose to half-stand on the couch and pressed her whole body against him. He tilted his head back to look up at her, to find her beautiful face smiling naughtily back down at him. The bottom of her breast was just even with his chin and, placing her hands on the back of the couch for support, she raised up a little further, sliding her body against his. When her breast was hanging just over his face, she bent and lightly touched his lips with her nipple. He groaned. This was too much. He could no longer resist and tried to open his mouth to take her nipple, but found himself barely able to move, as if spellbound. She giggled impishly as she teased him over his lips, his nose, his eyelids, as he sat helpless to respond. 

After teasing him for a several long moments she leaned back from him a bit and revealed her other breast with another comely toss of her head. She then pressed against him again and rubbed both breasts more firmly, slowly, around and down his face. Finally easing back down on his crotch, her whole body pressed against him, her face inches above his, she asked, "What else can I do for my master?" in a husky whisper. 

The spell was broken, and Jack could move a bit. He was half crazy at this point. He couldn't take much more without exploding. He wasn't sure how far this girl was willing or allowed to go, but he had to have some release. Stripers didn't usually perform any sexual acts beyond what she had already done. On the other hand, if she were perhaps a prostitute? What the hell.

"Um, how about a nice, long, mind blowing blow job?" 

Again the tingle in his mind as she smiled naughtily, said, "Yes, master!" and slithered down until her face hovered over his fly. She reached up and ran a fingertip lightly over his hard-on through his shorts, causing him to jump and his cock to jerk violently in his pants. Was she really going to do it, or was she just teasing him? 

He soon received his answer as, after a few more moments of teasing his rock-hard cock through the fabric, she slowly unzipped him. She reached in and he jumped again as her fingers touched, and then encircled his cock. She extracted it and, after yet another charming toss of her head to get her hair out of the way, this time revealing a long graceful neck that begged to be nuzzled and kissed, she slowly, teasingly lowered her mouth toward his shaft. Jack held his breath for an endless, agonizing moment until she finally extended her tongue. She lightly flicked the tip of his cock and caused him, and it, to jump once again. She smiled as she swirled her tongue around his cock head for a while, causing him to moan, then she gently took the tip of his cock in her mouth. 

Sucking lightly, she slowly lowered her head. Millimeter by millimeter his shaft disappeared between her lips until, a brief eternity later, she had taken it all down her throat. She left his cock buried to the hilt and began to hum a nameless tune. He wasn't sure how she could do this, as his cock was completely blocking her air supply, but she hummed her song, whose notes were chosen not for their melody but for the incredible sensations they produced on his shaft. She hummed for much longer that he would have though possible without passing out. 

She finally reversed direction, revealing his cock as slowly as she had hidden it. On the way out, she ran her teeth lightly along the top of his cock while adding a maddening swirling of her tongue to the underside. Jack was circumcised, and when her teeth reached the ridge under his 'helmet', she held them there and bit down just a little to give her tongue swirling more friction on the underside of his cock head. 

The combination of the sting of her teeth and the intense pleasure of her tongue on the most sensitive part of his cock had Jack rapidly approaching the point of no return. Just as he was about to spew, however, she stopped the action of her tongue and, removing most of the pressure of her teeth from the top of his cock, she slid the head of his cock through her lips and teeth until her lips kissed just his very tip. She then parted her lips with the tip of her tongue and, opening her mouth a bit, began teasing and probing the tip of his cock and its hole. This caused an excruciating mixture of tickling pleasure when she licked and flicked his cock tip, and stinging pleasure when she probed the hole as deeply as she could with her tongue. 

Jack's hips began to buck involuntarily. Smiling around her extended tongue, the girl pressed her breasts into his thighs and put all her weight on him, holding him still and forcing him to endure the torture. She continued it for Jack didn't know how long, never quite stimulating him enough to make him cum, until he thought he might go insane. Before he could scream for her to stop, or make him cum, or whatever, her lips enveloped his cock head again, and began their slow journey back to the base of his cock.

She repeated the whole sequence again, and again, and again, until Jack was begging and pleading for her to make him cum. Finally, grinning wickedly, she whispered, "Yes, master." She didn't stop her pattern, though, just altered it. Her lips slid down his cock faster this time, and she sucked a bit harder. The way back out was also faster, but her teeth still lightly scraped the top of his cock as her tongue did its dance underneath. Then, forgoing her tongue torture on the tip, she sucked his cock back down. 

In his current state Jack couldn't take this kind of stimulation for very long, and exploded after just a few repetitions. Sensing this, the girl sucked his cock completely down her throat, which seemed to constrict tightly around him. Then she began to bob her head as jets of semen shot down her throat, milking his cock for every spurt and drop, and extending Jack's orgasm, the most incredible orgasm of his life, for longer than he thought possible. The orgasmic contractions, meant to shoot the cum from his cock, continued long after there was no more cum to shoot, and the girl continued her milking, refusing to stop until the contractions did. Wondering again how she could keep his cock buried down her throat so long without breathing, Jack finally passed out.

-------------------------------------

For the second time that morning, Jack awoke trying to remember what was going on. Memory came to him more quickly this time, and he looked around, afraid that the girl might indeed have been a dream, or perhaps had left, her job complete. But no, there she was, kneeling in front of him again, naked, her eyes downcast, with possibly just the barest hint of a mischievous smile on her gorgeous young face.

Jack looked down at his crotch. His cock was back in his shorts, with a damp spot around the zipper the only physical evidence that anything had happened, that is unless you counted smell. He now noticed her aroma left on him, an intoxicating smell of spice, desert rose and woman.

"Um, thank you. That was... incredible," Jack murmured.

She actually blushed as she said, "It was my pleasure, master." She paused for a moment, and then looked at him from lowered eyelids; head still bowed, and asked, "What else may I do for my master?" 

Jack was in a bit of a quandary now. What should he do? This girl was obviously willing to go the distance. Who was she? Who had sent her? WAS she a prostitute? Just what were her limits? Jack didn't know how long he had been out after that incredible oral assault, but he could already feel his juices starting to flow again. He was recharging quicker than usual, but then he had a stunningly beautiful young woman kneeling in front of him, still professing that he was her master. Who wouldn't? 

Again, Jack wanted to challenge her obedience without exceeding her limits and thus ending this little charade. He thought for another moment and decided on his next 'command.' He stood. "Remove my shorts and underwear." 

"Yes, master." She moved without hesitation to obey. He had to admit, he was getting to like this 'master' game. She rose to her knees and undid his button and fly. She pulled his shorts and underwear slowly to the floor, exposing his half-erect cock. She looked at it for a moment with what seemed like longing, and then she raised her eyes to his expectantly. 

"Ok, now I wish for you to make my cock thicker, longer and harder than it has ever been before, so that I can fuck you senseless with it." Jack figured this was a pretty good command. She had already made him harder than he ever thought possible through her dancing and oral attentions. He figured she could do it again, using hands, lips and tongue, allowing her to follow his 'wish' while not having the fantasy of her 'Genie powers' broken. 

Her eyes widened a bit at the last part of his command, and he again felt the tingle in his mind. He was aware enough this time to consciously notice it, but didn't have time to consider it before she said "Yes, master!" enthusiastically, lowered her eyes back to his cock, and then got a far away look. Her eyes seemed to flash golden, and Jack felt a tugging at his crotch. He looked down at his cock and was shocked to see that it was indeed thicker and longer than it had ever been before, and throbbingly erect. He had never had a problem with size, being a bit above average in all respects, but now... his cock had to be at least 2 inches wide and 8 inches long. He gasped in astonishment and stumbled back away from her. 

Thinking she had done something wrong, the girl lowered her head, eyes downcast, waiting for reprimand. For his part, Jack was stunned, and scared. She was real! She was a Genie! He had commanded a powerful magical being to perform sexual acts for and on him. Oh, shit!

"Uh, look, um, I'm sorry about all those commands and stuff. I didn't really believe you were a real Genie. I thought it was a joke." 

She looked up, confused. "You didn't really want my attentions?" 

"Well, yes, I did, but I don't normally command women like that. I would get slapped, or worse. I was trying to call your bluff - well no I wasn't - but, I'm sorry." It was ironic now that this creature really did seem to be magical and his to command, that he would become concerned over what he had done. 

"My 'bluff'? Master, there was no bluff, and there is no offense. There cannot be. I am your Genie. This is my purpose." 

"To give me blow jobs!?" he said incredulously. 

She smiled, a bit impishly, as she lowered her eyes again. "No. Well, yes, in part. Forgive me, master, for not being clear earlier. I was intended to be a gift to the Sultan, to be his sexual servant, his willing sexual slave, granting any erotic wish he might desire. That was why I was created. I cannot grant just any wish, like the most powerful Jinn. My powers, while extensive, are tied to wishes dealing in the Erotic, physical pleasure; sexual fantasy. Any wish of this type, I can grant you."
