 "Good morning Mr. Phillips, this is your eight o'clock wakeup fuck," said a beautiful face, framed by a deep red mane of long, silken hair, going in and out of focus. It took him a few blink-filled seconds to figure out it was doing so because its owner was riding his rock-hard cock while leaning over him, propped up on her arms. How she had gotten him rock-hard and mounted without waking him up was an interesting question... or probably not. She was a sex Genie, after all.

"Thank you, Miss Holiday. Might I say that you are as stunningly beautiful as ever this morning?" She beamed at him...and kept slamming down on his shaft. He reached up to fondle his most favorite pair of breasts in the entire world until he and Jennifer had a lovely synchronized cum several long crotch-slapping moments later. Having your very own sex Genie certainly had its advantages.

They grabbed a shower, dressed, ate a quick breakfast, gathered the presentation equipment and headed out the door toward Forbidden Indulgences. Jack decided to forgo the blow job this time, so the trip wasn't quite as interesting as the previous one, although Jack enjoyed the time spent chatting with Jennifer almost as much.

They arrived a few minutes before ten, Jennifer having going invisible a block away. The same cute receptionist showed Jack into a small meeting room. This time he took the opportunity to check out her tote board, and saw that she seemed to be both experienced and inexperienced at the same time.

She likes the toys, Genie said before he had a chance to ask. It takes her awhile to orgasm, and she has found the toys give much more consistent gratification than the couple of inexperienced guys she has been with. Plus, working here, she gets to try them all.

Ah. Jack found the mental picture of the cute girl putting something like the Pussy Pounder through its paces an arousing one, and had to quickly think of something else lest he embarrass himself.

"Nick asked if you could go ahead and set up. He and the others will be here in a few minutes."

"Sure. Thanks."

The girl gave him a friendly smile as she left the room. Jack was surprised to see that her attraction to him had risen to an interesting level. Perhaps she hadn't completely given up on the real thing, after all.

Just as Jack finished hooking up his laptop and small AV projector, Nick entered the room with Ms. White and another woman, a quite pretty one, in tow. Jack figure this must be the vice president Nick mentioned last time. He tried not to stare at her as Nick made the introductions, but it was a challenge. 

"Welcome back, Jack! You've met Alice. This is Susan Cooper, our VP in charge of purchasing."

Susan extended her hand and shook Jack's with a firm grip. "Nice to meet you," she said in a cool, impersonal business voice.

"Likewise," Jack replied.

"Welcome back, Jack!" Alice said, smiling and raising a currently dildo-free hand at him in greeting.

He grinned back. "Good to see you again, Alice."

They exchanged a bit more small talk, and then Nick said, "Well, it looks like you are all set up. We'll take a seat, and the stage is yours."

Once they were seated around the end of the conference table opposite from the blank white wall serving as the projection screen, Jack began. "At our last meeting, Nick, you gave me the following goals that you want to see met for your website; it should be tasteful yet titillating, to interest a larger, more mainstream market; you want it to show off the products in the best light without being too tawdry or trashy; you want the site to provide plenty of explicit information about your product if the potential buyer wishes it, while still keeping it secure from minors etc.; and you want your purchase transactions to be fast and secure. I have also thrown in one more idea I had, which I will get to as we go." 

Jack brought up the first demo home page. Its background was black with tasteful yet modern text, and it prominently displayed FI's new logo at the top. "This is the first page someone would see when they navigate to your website. It is primarily the usual disclaimer stating that the site contains adult material etcetera, and says to only click 'continue' if the visitor is eighteen and it is legal for him or her to view such sites. This page also has keywords embedded in it to alert child protection software to not allow entry."

"What does that mean?" Alice interrupted.

"There are several software packages parents can install on their personal computers which look for keywords and other clues from websites indicating that said sites might be adult oriented. Many of those software packages also have lists of sites which are known to be adult oriented. Either way, they block access to those websites unless the parent's password is entered. It helps if the website is actually registered with those software companies to make sure the site is on their lists. Do you know if yours is, by the way?"

The three looked blankly at each other. Finally Nick said, "I would have to say probably not."

That's no problem. I can help you with that." He went back to his presentation. "Now, once the visitor clicks through the first page, they arrive at your main homepage." Jack clicked through, and then went on to explain what he had done and his ideas about organizing the site. He paused and looked at them to gauge their initial reactions. Nick and Alice were nodding their heads in approval. Susan was expressionless.

"Ok, from here we have a couple of different options. For now, when I click on a product," he clicked on the Buzzy Buggie, "I get a picture of it and a fairly complete description, but everything is pretty much PG. No dirty words, any explicit box art is blurred a bit, etcetera. To get to anything beyond that, I currently have this site set up to require proof of age. That can be done by going ahead and setting up a purchasing account on the site with a credit card – they wouldn't be charged until they bought something, and there would be the standard guarantees that their information will be kept secure – or with an account from one of the age verification sites."

Alice raised her hand. "I'm sorry to interrupt again, but what is that?"

Jack smiled at her. "That's ok, Alice. Ask as many questions you like. Age verification sites are websites that you go to and provide enough information to prove that you are over, usually, 18. Once you have provided that information and proved your age, you can use the login ID that they provide to log in to any adult related site which recognizes their system. Make sense?" 

Alice smiled and nodded. "Yes, thank you." 

"You're welcome. Ok, so once age has been verified," he clicked a button labeled 'I am 18 or over', "in this case by entering my age verification ID, I can get more information on the product." He went back to the same Buzzy Buggie page again. "As you can see, the full product art is available unaltered, the description includes more explicit information, and I even have a sample photo of the product being worn correctly."

It was Susan's turn to interrupt. "That looks like the rest of your photos. Did you take that yourself?"

"Yes, ma'am, I..."

"And how do you know that is the correct way to wear it?"

"Because I have the most highly qualified sex expert in the world telling me so," is what Jack wanted to say, but actually said, "I don't. My associate simply said that this was where it, um, 'felt best'. Please remember, Ms. Cooper, that this is only a demo. If you like the idea, then photographs could be taken with the confirmed correct position and usage of your products." Jack was starting to get a bad feeling about Susan Cooper. He turned to Nick.

"Oh, and I will need to pay you for the items I 'borrowed', Nick. They aren't really returnable anymore."

Nick smiled and waved him off. "Don't worry about that!" His eyes returned to the provocative photo on the screen. "I hope your 'associate' enjoys them."

Jack gave a lopsided grin. "Well, that kind of brings up my idea I mentioned earlier. I took this one step further." Jack brought up an identical looking page for the Buggie. "This looks the same as the last one, but if I click the photo..." he clicked it, and it changed to a video clip. The clip showed the Buggie being strapped on, while a woman's voice explained briefly how to wear it, use it, and what to expect from it. The last couple of seconds showed the woman's thumb turning the Buggie's control up to full, and a loud buzz began.

"Again," Jack said quickly to forestall any additional objection by Ms. Cooper, "this is just a demo, but I thought this might help sell your products to your customers, provide a little extra titillation to qualified visitors, and perhaps even reduce your returns, if potential buyers could see what they were buying in action ahead of time, and knew what to expect from it." He said this last while looking at Alice. She narrowed her eyes at him for a second, and then they looked away and lost their focus in thought.

Nick said, "That is very impressive Jack. What else do we need to know?"

"Just the boring stuff. I have a very efficient and secure transaction package to use for all the purchases. I can show you a dummy purchase page if you like."

"That isn't necessary at the moment, although I would like to know how long a transaction takes. Our current system is pretty slow."

"The customer will usually see the result of the transaction, i.e. confirmed or declined, within three to five seconds of pressing the purchase button, assuming they are dialed in with at least a 56K modem, or have fast internet access."

Nick nodded his head. "That's pretty quick."

Jack continued, "Otherwise, I have this site designed with some different background colors, type faces, design elements, etcetera, although the layout is basically the same, and all the photos still have a black background. The photo background could change, of course, to match whatever site backgroundyou went with. Would you like to see those?"

"Sure."

Jack briefly presented the other sites, and then said. "I think that covers everything."

"Very, very impressive, Jack. Now, I am sure you have some bad news in the form of a quote?"

"Yes, sir." Jack steeled himself and gave the figure. Nick's eyebrows went up, Alice said "Wow!", and Ms. Cooper looked offended. Jack held up his hand.

"Please, let me outline what that quote includes before you respond. It includes the design and hosting of the website, of course. It also includes all of the product photography. I am qualified to do that myself." With the type of photography they would be doing, Genie had assured him he could be as qualified as he wanted to be. "It also includes the voice and the body of my assistant from the neck down for any photo and video shoots. Thus you are getting your web site design and hosting, photography and modeling all rolled into one, unless you wanted more than one model, or a different one, of course. It also includes maintenance for the site for six months." Jack paused, and then asked. "May I ask the status of your upcoming catalog?"

Nick frowned in though as he changed gears to consider Jack's question. "The layout company tells me the final draft is on its way to us for approval before being sent to the printers."

"Ok, then I will also offer this in that quote; I will take the product photography at high enough quality for print, and once everything is photographed I will lay out a catalog that matches the style of the website. The only bad thing that would mean is delaying your catalog mailing for a few weeks."

"Why would we do that when we have already paid the other company to do it?" Ms. Cooper asked.

Jack shrugged. "I will include it in the quote, so it doesn't cost you anything more, and as I say, it would match the style of your website. It could include some of the same extra product information as the website to hopefully increase sales, and," Jack narrowed his eyes in thought for a second, "while I have not seen your current catalog layout as compared to the sample of the last one Nick gave me, I noticed in that last one that there was a lot of wasted space on many of the pages. So, although I can't guarantee it, even with adding that extra product info, I think I could lay the catalog out more efficiently and save you some printing costs."

Jack pulled a sheet of paper from his case and handed it to Nick. "Here's the printed version with everything I just outlined, except for the print catalog. I can add that. It also includes the figures for ongoing maintenance fees after the initial six months are up. Oh, and it assumes that all photography would take place here. Do you have a spot for that?"

"Yes, we have a little makeshift studio in the back where our other photographers come to shoot product updates and the like. It has pretty good lighting equipment, I understand, but no photo equipment itself."

"That's fine. I can provide my own for that." Or perhaps Jennifer could, with the proper wish.

"Very, well, Jack. Can you excuse us a few minutes to discuss this a bit? If we can make a decision now, we will, I don't like to draw these things out. If not, I'll let you go for now and call you later."

"Of course. Do you want me to leave the room?"

"Oh, no, you relax right here. We'll go to my office."

They rose and moved toward the door, giving Jack his first opportunity to really look at Ms. Cooper. Her heritage was difficult to determine; perhaps Latin, perhaps Native American, perhaps Polynesian, or most likely, some combination. Whatever it was, it had given her a beautiful countenance with a deep-tan complexion, rich brown eyes, and long, glistening black hair. Although Jack suspected that the rest of her was just as attractive, he could not tell for sure due to her loose blouse and long skirt.

Like her? Genie asked.

What's not to like, at least from what I can see?

Well, for one, she's a hermaphrodite.

She's a WHAT?!

A hermaphrodite. Someone who has both make and female...

I know what it means! But... I mean...well, ok, tell me what it means in this case.

In this case it means she has a penis where her clitoris would normally be.

O...kay. What else?

That's it. Everything else is normal.

So, is she, well, I don't even know the right word in this case. Does she like guys or girls?

Well, predominantly guys, although it's most accurate to say she is bisexual, or at least 'bi-curious'. She desires normal sex with guys, and wants a relationship with one, although she also fantasizes about having sex with women, and receiving oral sex from them.

That's... interesting.

Any more interesting than you being my only guy, but my still looking forward to that harem you promised me?

Well, you have a point, I suppose, but still... do you just attract this crap or what?

No! Genie said defensively. You've been surrounded by people with 'interesting' sexual orientations all your life. You simply weren't aware of it. You are now able to peek at the real person beneath their protective surface veneer. With her situation, it makes perfect sense that she is here.

What do you mean?

As you might imagine, someone in her situation can have some challenges in relationships. When she was young she felt she had to hide her condition lest she be ridiculed. In college, she finally though she had found a nice guy who would understand her and accept her as she was. When she told him, he WAS a nice guy, and tried to let her down as easy as he could while telling her that he just couldn't handle it. This pretty much confirmed to her that she was a freak who no one would ever want to be with. And that brought her here. It is a place where she can try to find some private gratification.

And has she?

Physically, a little.

So, is this why she is so... chilly, or does she just not like me personally?

A bit of both, except that it isn't exactly personal. 

Huh?

It's kind of complicated. She finds you very attractive, but is sure that just like every other guy, you would find her disgusting, so you are a personification of her frustration. Plus she is sure that you and your "assistant with the lovely torso" are "fucking like bunnies," which she feels is another slap in the face.

I see. And is this going to cause a problem business-wise.

Well, she's professional enough to try to resist letting anything personal interfere, but isn't completely successful. She is actually impressed by the work you have done, bit is playing a bit of devil's advocate. Luckily, the other two are all for it. Plus, while they don't know the cause, they have come to recognize her moods and read through them somewhat, and they figure she'll come around. Ah, they are returning.

A moment later the three entered the room. Nick and Alice at least were all smiles. "Jack, I think we have a deal. We had considered getting a couple more quotes, but after doing some quick figuring on what we will save on modeling and photography, you are offering us quite a deal. We have two requests, though. The first is, we are loathe to waste what we have already spent on the upcoming catalog, even if it does mean it will not match the website for a few months. Can we take you up on the offer of a free catalog design for the next one in three months?"

Jack didn't really need to consider this, as he had halfway expected it. It would actually spread the work out and not rush him to put both the website and catalog out as quickly as possible, so he said, "Sure, we can do that."

"Great! And the second is, would it be possible to split this payment up over the six months the quote covers?"

"Um, that should be fine, but I will need the first payment before the website is posted, plus the contract signed and notarized, of course. And the contents of the website would not be yours to use as you see fit until after everything is paid."

"That should be no problem. Where do we go from here?"

"Well, I have a couple of questions for you, and then I will need to write up a contract for everyone to sign."

"Ok, shoot."

"It will probably be most convenient for me to work from here several days a week, at least while we do the photography. Do you have a spot where I can work with a desk and fairly fast internet access?"

"I think we can accommodate you there. What else?"

"Well, assuming you actually want to post them, I have anticipated that you would want the instructional video clips for just your newest, most popular products, plus ones that need the most explanation. The quote includes server space and bandwidth for what I expect to be roughly a third of your products. If you want more clips, or demand for them is higher than expected, then either we can discuss removing some other clips that aren't being viewed, or increasing your storage and bandwidth to handle the extra load. Does that make sense?"

"Sort of. What you are saying is that the quote includes putting videos up for about a third of our products, and if we want more, that will be an extra charge?"

"Yes and no. The storage space for the video clips isn't really a problem. It's the data bandwidth used when sending each video clip from the server to the individual viewers, most likely many users at once during peak times. My internet provider allows only so much bandwidth usage per month at the current price. If bandwidth exceeds that amount, then they charge me more. So, if that occurs, we will either need to reduce the bandwidth load, or continue as-is while I pass along the extra charge for more bandwidth to you. On the other hand, if the bandwidth use is less than I expect it to be, we can even add clips at the same price. Actually, you probably want to pay for more bandwidth, because hopefully that means more people are visiting your site and buying your product."
