 Author's Note: Welcome, intrepid reader! For lucky Chapter 13, I am going to try something a bit different. The game played in this chapter is based on a real one; not only the game itself, but the match that is actually played. I have not been able to play the game myself with more than one person, and while that was a lot of fun, it doesn't quite take full advantage of what the game has to offer. So, I thought I'd try it vicariously through my characters

Check the footnote for more info about the game if you are interested.

----------

Jack woke first Saturday morning. He rolled over to spoon with Jennifer, who murmured contentedly and pressed her luscious butt into his crotch, awakening his cock. He wrapped his arm around her to cup her lower breast, and then lightly stroked her nipple. Her purring increased. Reaching around a little awkwardly with his other hand he gently moved her hair away from her long, graceful neck, and then nuzzled and kissed it softly. She smiled and opened her eyes. Turning her head, she kissed him. "Good Morning, Master."

"Good Morning." He returned his lips to hers. She rolled onto her back, and they kissed leisurely while he continued to play with her breasts, and she snaked a hand between their bodies to lightly fondle his balls and shaft.

When their lips parted many languorous moments later, Jennifer said, "That was a nice way to waken, Jack."

He grinned. "I'm glad you like it. It's good that you do, because I only have so many ways to wake you..." he raised his eyebrows, "or do I? You can use your powers without my direction when it's for me, like we talked about the other day, right?"

"Yes." She said, looking curiously up at him. She was also looking delectably beautiful, lying on the pillow with her dark red mane fanned out around her head, and he had to concentrate for a moment to bring his thoughts back to his question. "I know you said you can't give me any of your powers..."

"Correct. I cannot give you the power to grant wishes."

"Ok. But can you give me the ability to direct your powers without your conscious knowledge? When it's just between me and you, like you can do? What I'm looking for is a way to be able to wake you in just as interesting a fashion as you are able to wake me... among other things."

She looked interested, but doubtful. "I'd love to, Jack, but that is a bit too close to granting you my powers."

"Hmmm. Can you forget wishes I make?"

She shook her head. "Nope. That could cause all sorts of problems, even more than having you forget the wrong things."

"Okay, then, can you... block or hide wishes I make, like you only remember them subconsciously until they are done or something."

She narrowed her eyes at him, "Maybe..."

He thought for a moment, then said, "Because some sexual fantasies that I might have planned between us wouldn't be nearly as fun if you knew what I was planning ahead of time, I wish that, whenever I preface an acceptably sexual wish with the words 'Secret Wish, ' you will grant the wish unconsciously, and that you will not be aware of the wish being made or remember it on a conscious level until what I have wished for is complete. I will still be able to undo the wish, though, if necessary. Oh, and I should be able to make the wish while you sleep so that I might give my share of morning surprises." He looked at her expectantly. She squinted at him. He felt a serious tingle. Her eyes flashed.

"I think that should work." She grinned. "Try it."

"Ummm, Secret Wish: You will have a mild spontaneous orgasm."

She continued to look at him expectantly, and then her expression changed to one of surprise as her body shuddered. "Oh, my. I'd say that works quite well."

Jack grinned like a kid in a candy store. He then moved to lay atop her, most of his weight on knees and elbows, and started kissing her again. Ironically, both of them forgot about kinky sexual wishes for awhile after that... except for when two invisible mouths attacked Jennifer's breasts while Jack's was busy further down... and when they 'reappeared' to return the favor on Jack's balls a bit later... and... 

By the time they finally finished playing and got cleaned up, it was almost lunchtime. They raided the kitchen for something to eat, and then Jack took a little time to check e-mail and his clients' sites before he and Jennifer got ready to head to Skip and Sharron's for the evening's get-together.

Knowing how things often went with those guys, Jack packed a small bag for an overnight stay. "You might want to 'pack' your stuff in there, too."

"Ok, what should I take?"

Jack shrugged. "Casual stuff; shorts, t-shirt, skimpy string bikini."

She raised an eyebrow at him. "Thong?"

He grinned. "Naw, I just want to make them jealous, not give them coronaries."

They finished packing the bag and headed out the door. The only thing Skip had said to bring was anything they wanted to drink other than beer, so Jack stopped at the liquor story to grab some alcohol, mixers, and a few regular sodas.

Once back on the road, Jack said. "Ok, Jennifer Holiday, time for me to learn all about Jennifer Holiday."

She swooned at him. "Ooo, just like a first date! My birthday is December first, my sign is Sagittarius, my favorite color is purple, I love long walks on the beach in the rain..."

"Very funny, Miss December. What degree did you decide on?"

"I have a double degree in Business and Public Relations from University of Washington at Seattle."

"Why there?" Jack interrupted.

"Because it is a very good school far away from here, that isn't as well known as many others."

"Goctha. How did you like Seattle?"

"Lovely, rainy, lots of coffee."

Very well, please continue."

"I supported myself through college by doing some modeling - legitimate modeling - and I still do a bit on the side. Nothing anyone here would have seen so far, of course, just local catalogs and stuff."

"Really? I'd like to see your portfolio." He replied, grinning.

Her eyes flashed and she smiled back. "Very well. It's on the bookshelf at the apartment for your perusal when we get back."

"It is, is it? Does that mean that there are also now lots of catalogs in the northwest with your photos in them?"

:No, not at the moment.That could cause some anonymity problems. The portfolio is made up of some unused but very, um, flattering photography. If we need some references later, you'll have to wish something up.

"Ok, got it. So, what are you doing now?"

"I just moved into the area, I am looking for a position, we met and fell in love." She fluttered her eyelashes at him.

"Secret wish: give your ribs a quick tickle."

She jumped and shrieked. "Hey!"

"You deserved that."

She stuck her tongue out at him, and then wrapped her arms around her ribs defensively, not that it would have done any good.

"So how shall we say we met?"

"That's part of both our stories, so I need your help on that one."

"Hmmm. How about... we were introduced by my aunt shortly before she passed away? We'll say she met you in some little antique store, and thought you would be a perfect match for her nephew, so she engineered an encounter. That's sort of true in a way, and it sounds like something she'd do." A sudden thought struck him. He narrowed his eyes at Jennifer speculatively. "Maybe it's something she did do?"

Jennifer's eyes widened. "Do you really think so?"

Jack shrugged. "Who knows, with the way she was? We may never know, although that might be a question we can investigate indirectly with mom at the beach, if we're careful."

They continued to discuss Jennifer's background for most of the forty five minute drive, but as they neared their destination, Jack turned to the topic of their hosts. "Skip works in shipping and receiving for a large industrial manufacturing firm. Sharron is an administrative assistant in one of the departments at one of the universities. I met them when we lived in the same apartment complex. They lived a couple doors down."

"Skip always reminds me of an upside-down pyramid with a head placed on 'top'. He has wide shoulders and chest which then narrow down through his stomach and legs to the point at his feet. Don't get me wrong; he's a pretty good looking guy, I guess, in a sort of manly-man sort of way; you know, buzz-cut, all that."

"What about Sharron?"

Jack frowned. "She has a great personality, a little on the wild side, but lots of fun. She's actually a bit of a mystery, body-wise. Her face is lovely, but in the casual clothes I usually see her wearing, her body appears fairly nondescript. Yet in some of the pictures they have displayed of trips like their honeymoon in the Bahamas, she looks to be fairly hot in her bikini top. I've been wondering just how she really looks unclothed, so I'm looking forward to the hot tub for that reason if nothing else."

Jennifer raised an eyebrow. "Am I to understand that you expect us to be nude in the hot tub?"

Jack grinned. "Well, although I was meaning that hopefully Sharron would be wearing a nice skimpy bikini herself, now that you mention it, it wouldn't surprise me. Both Skip and Sharron are fairly... rambunctious. With that little exhibitionist streak I have apparently wished into you, I assume that isn't a problem?"

She grinned. "Nope, not unless it is for you."

Jack grinned back, then said, "One possible barrier to that happening, though, might be Betsy and Robert. Skip mentioned that he invited them, too. I don't know them very well, as they moved in on the other side of Skip and Sharron shortly before I moved out. Betsy, if I remember, is a cute little blond. The description 'petite yet curvaceous' always came to mind. I also seem to remember Robert being fairly quiet and reserved, which is what could possibly put a damper on 'skinny tubbing '.

"One ironic thing I definitely remember is that, although Betsy seems to 'wear the pants' for the couple, Skip said that she likes to be spanked. You have to take many things Skip says with a grain of salt, but in this case both he and Sharron have mentioned hearing some interesting sounds coming through the wall that they couldn't identify as being anything else."

"Want me to find out?"

Jack grinned again. "Not yet. Let's see how things go this evening, first. Ah, I believe this is it." He pulled into the driveway of an attractive, fairly new-looking brick ranch-style house with a dark green shingled roof and matching shutters. "Let's knock and make sure before we unload the stuff."

Regardless of her earlier confirmation of her exhibitionist streak, Jennifer suddenly looked nervous again. Jack just grinned and got out. He was a little jittery himself, not from nervousness, but from anticipating his friends' reactions to his new look and especially his new girlfriend. He took her hand and they walked up to the door and rang the bell. A few seconds later Skip answered it, as broad and effusive as ever.

"Jack! You look great! What the hell have you been doing to..." he made the 'mistake' of glancing at Jennifer, and all thoughts of Jack were blown out of his head. "Whoa! Who's the super model?!"

Jack grinned and shook his head, thinking that some folks never change, while Jennifer smiled demurely. "Skip, please meet Jennifer Holiday, my girlfriend. Jennifer, this is Skip Parks, the guy I warned you to stay away from at all costs."

This comment flew by Skip completely, although one earlier word finally percolated through. "Girlfriend? A total babe like this actually went out with a guy like you? And more than once?"

"Thanks, ass-hole. You going to let us in or not?"

"Oh. Yeah. Come on in. Sharron is in the kitchen." He led them a rather erratic path inside to the kitchen, as he was looking over his shoulder at Jennifer most of the time.

They did indeed find Sharron there, puttering around, her shoulder blade-length dark brunette hair currently pulled back with a scrunchie, her loose blouse and shorts once again hiding the details of her medium-tall, slender figure. Jack did confirm that what he could see of her legs below her shorts was quite nice.

She turned at their entrance, took one look at Jennifer, and said, "Shit. My husband's going to be absolutely worthless for the rest of the day." But then she smiled her unique dimpled-cheek crooked smile, and, eyes sparkling with good humor, came around the counter to greet Jennifer. "You must be Jack's girlfriend. I'm Sharron." She extended her hand.

Jennifer shook it gracefully and said, "Yes. I'm Jennifer. It is very nice to meet you, and thank you for inviting us to your new home."

"And polite, too!" She turned to Jack and looked at him closely for the first time. "Wow Jack! You look great, too." She hugged him briefly, and when she released him her lopsided smile was part smirk. "Meathead there may not be the only worthless one this evening."

It was Jack's turn to blush a bit, while Skip, who had recovered sufficiently, protested "Hey!" good-naturedly.

"So, where's your stuff? You did pack a bag, right?" Sharron asked.

Jack grinned. "I though we might need it, so yeah. It's in the car, along with some drinks and stuff."

"Well, go get it. Skip, go help him."

Jack turned to go, giving Jennifer a 'you ok?' look as he did. Sharron caught it, and laughed. "She'll be fine! I can't grill her that deeply in the time it will take you to unload. Go!"

As soon as they were out of earshot, Skip said conspiratorially, "Ok, dude, where'd you hire her. You had to, right?"

"No, you fucker, I didn't!" He went on to relate the concocted story of their meeting.

"Dude, you are one lucky sonofabitch. Does she screw as good as she looks?"

A typical Skip question, and Jack decided to give him the answer it deserved. "You know, as hot as she looks, that's nothing compared to the sex. It's unfuckingbelieveable."

"Really?"

"Really."

"Like, triple-x porn star sex?"

Jack snorted. "Amateurs."

"You're full of shit."

"Nope."

By this time they were almost back to the kitchen, and when Skip caught site of Jennifer, he murmured, "Lucky bastard."

"You have absolutely no idea," Jack murmured back.

At their approach both girls turned and smiled. Jack smiled back at Jennifer. Everything ok?

Yep. She's nice. I like her.

Jack hugged Jennifer lightly as Sharron turned to check on something on the stove, a task made challenging due to some mild molestation from Skip. She interrogate you yet?

Not really. Just asked how we met, wanted all the sappy details. You know, girl stuff.

Ah.

Sharron slapped Skip's hand away and said, "Make yourself useful and give them the tour."

"Ok. Right this way, guys." He showed them through the nicely decorated and furnished four-bedroom house, and then what was obviously his pride and joy, a covered deck that ran the length of the back of the house.

"We spend a lot of time out here. We love to sit in the Jacuzzi. The ceiling fans help keep it cool, and to keep down the bugs. We also have some screens we can lower to help keep them out, and add a little privacy. There's a wet bar out here, with a bar fridge. I'll bring your drink stuff out, and you guys can make yourselves at home. I'm going to help Sharron finish up a couple of things."

Jack was fairly sure what they needed the privacy screens for, although he doubted that they used them very often. He didn't see them as a couple that cared much if someone watched. Um, is the Jacuzzi fairly clean?

Tingle. Yes, fairly.

Why don't you make it really clean?

Done.

"Can we help?" Jack asked Skip as he headed inside.

"Naw, you guys just hang out. We'll be done in a few. I hope burgers and dogs on the grill are ok?"

"Great! Anyone else coming?"

"Yeah, Betsy and Robert should be here in a bit."

"Cool." Jack followed Skip back in long enough to help carry out the drink supplies, and then he asked, "Might I fix the lady a drink?"

"That would be wonderful, Jack."

"What would the lady like?"

"I have absolutely no idea."

Jack grinned, and fixed her a Pina Colada. He popped open a beer for himself.

"Yummm! Thanks, Jack!"

"Sure. And there's plenty more where that came from."

"Trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me?"

"Absolutely."

"'Unfuckingbelieveable', huh?"

"You were listening, were you?"

"Nope, just caught it on instant replay."

Jack grinned. "I see. Well, again, the answer is 'absolutely'." He gave her a peck on the cheek.

They chatted and joked for a few minutes, and Jack was seriously considering some subtle fooling around when he heard voices signaling the arrival of Betsy and Robert. A moment later, Skip showed them out to the deck. They were both pretty much as Jack had remembered, although Betsy had let her short-cropped blond hair grow almost down to her shoulders. Introductions were made all around, and, predictability, Robert had a hard time keeping his eyes off of Jennifer. Betsy seemed fine with this, but when she in turn gave some similar attention to Jack, Robert didn't look happy.

"Well, Jack, as you tended bar a bit in college, I pronounce you bartender for the evening. Get these kids some drinks," Skip said.

"Alrighty. What can I fix you guys?"

Everyone chatted amiably through a few drinks and then a casual dinner. Jack's liberal bartending helped greatly to get everyone mellow and happy, especially Jennifer. And the happier she got, the friskier she got, not that anyone witnessed the invisible butt grabs, nipple nibbles, ball tickles, and cock licks. At least not until one particularly firm butt pinch made him jump, and Sharron noticed.

"You ok, Jack?"

"Yeah, just one of those little random shivers, you know?" Jen, better lighten up on the teasing, or people are going to start thinking I'm acting really weird.

Yes sir, Jack! Shhhhhhh!

Jack rolled his eyes. Great. It looked like he had a drunk Genie on his hands.

Not long after that Skip suggested they adjourn to the large hot tub, and the anticipatory tension peaked as everyone contemplated seeing the others, and particularly the ladies, and most particularly Jennifer, almost naked and tipsy in the Jacuzzi.

The girls hopped up to go change, while the guys simply shucked off shirts and shoes - they were already in their trunks - and grabbed fresh drinks for the ladies and themselves before sampling the waters.

"Hey, no fair getting in before we got here!" Betsy protested as they returned. Still, all three girls seemed to enjoy putting on a little strut and jiggle as they approached the tub and slowly entered the hot water. First was Betsy, who was wearing a blue two piece that, while not as skimpy as the two suits to follow, still proved that she was indeed petite yet curvaceous, with full round breasts for her size, a tiny waist that flared to full hips and round ass, and somewhat short but nicely toned legs.

Next came Jennifer, and all eyes were riveted to what her skimpy green bikini revealed, and what it didn't.

Last came Sharron, and Jack was pleased to see that his suspicions had been correct. Her clothes hid a slender, wonderfully understated yet magnificent body, with the curves of her small-to-medium sized breasts flowing into her torso and slender waist, then to lightly flared hips, and on to lovely legs that were actually fairly long for her height. Skip and Robert were still staring mostly at Jennifer as she arranged herself, but Jack looked only at Sharron. She noticed, and smiled at him. Jennifer noticed too.

I SHOULD be offended,  she teased, but that was very nice of you Jack. She is lovely, isn't she?

Yes, it wasn't too much of a sacrifice. All three of you are stunning. Then he decided to say it out loud. He raised his glass. "To three stunningly beautifully ladies." The three guys clinked glasses and drank while the girls blushed and grinned.
