 Jack was a little nervous for much of the day on Friday as he waited for the opportunity to put his plans into action. They continued photography during the morning, and after lunch worked on instructional text for all of the photos taken over the last couple days. They finished around three, and then met with Ms. Cooper and Alice for a few minutes.

Jack gave a status report on the website, and then asked, "How has the order process been going on the new site? Everything ok?"

"Like clockwork, Jack," Alice beamed, "that is, once we got used to the new computer thingy. The guys back there tell me it's really 'cool'."

Jack grinned back. "That's good to hear Alice." He turned to Ms. Cooper. "Traffic on the new site has been growing slowly over the last few days. How have purchases been compared to the old site?"

"Well, not surprisingly, they dipped quite a bit on Monday due to the server problems. Tuesday and Wednesday were a little down, but yesterday was good. We'll know more after the weekend, which is usually our busiest time."

Jack replied, "I'll keep my fingers crossed."

Ms. Cooper looked around. "Anyone have anything else?"

Jack figured it was now or never, so said, "I have something to run by you, if you have a few minutes, Ms. Cooper. It doesn't need take up anyone else's time, though."

"Ok. Have a good weekend, everyone." She turned to Jack. "Do you guys want to talk here, or in my office?"

"Office might be better, and it's just me. Jennifer needs to run a quick errand."

Ms. Cooper shrugged. "Ok, come on."

"Actually, I need to run out to the car for a moment. I'll be right there."

Jack walked with Jennifer out to his small SUV, retrieved a large box, kissed her on the cheek, and said, "Wish me luck!"

Jennifer snorted. "Luck? What do you need that for? You have me, remember? I'll be there, too." She kissed him back, and then got into the SUV to drive it around the building to appear as if she had left. She claimed she could drive perfectly well as part of her adaptation to his society, and it appeared to be true, but she hadn't been in any real traffic, yet, so Jack told her to just drive out of sight.

Jack lugged his box back inside and to Ms. Cooper's office. She raised her eyebrows when she saw it, and when he pushed her door closed. "Well, this is certainly a mystery."

"Think of it more as a surprise. Um..." Jack has been trying to figure out how to start this conversation, and hadn't come up with anything he had been really happy with, then inspiration struck. "Did Nick tell you about the first time he and I met?"

"Not much. Just that you reacted a bit oddly when he told you what we do. Or I guess I should say, oddly in a different way than most do when they learn what we do," she qualified with a rueful smile.

"That's true. I told him it was due to a very odd coincidence."

"Oh?"

"Yes. That coincidence stems from the fact that I had just spoken to an acquaintance of mine; a rather odd guy who, well, he's a bit of a loner, has lots of spare cash and time on his hands, and happens to be a fairly brilliant computer scientist and mechanical engineer, not to mention, as you will see in a moment, a pretty incredible artist. Similar to our discussion on the first day you and I met, he has also lamented in the past the sorry state of adult toys for men, and decided to do something about it. The result is this."

Jack pulled a smaller box out of the big one, and from that he removed a sleek, modernly-designed black oblong case about eight inches high by six inches wide by eighteen inches long. On one end of the box was what appeared to be a woman's mouth and lower face molded out of silver-colored rubber. It appeared to be a better version of the material used for the 'realistic' mouths, often molded from porn stars, that were meant to simulate oral sex, but were really only sheaths used to masturbate with. The lips were purple and pursed in an 'O'.

"Uh, what is it?" Ms. Cooper asked dubiously.

"It's an oral sex, or if you prefer, blow job, simulator."

Her eyebrows went up. "Really?"

"Yep. It works via a combination of mechanical servos and a small sealed hydraulic system to reproduce very lifelike motion. It is built from the same technologies that many movie special effects companies use to make their creations' movements so lifelike, although more refined."

Ms. Cooper's interest was definitely piqued. "So, how does it work?"

"It has a small computer inside that you control with this wired remote." Jack showed her the black flat rectangle hosting an array of buttons, then plugged its cord into the simulator. "The simulator has six pre-programmed 'oral scenarios', four of which are regular blow-job scenarios varying in intensity from mild to trailer hitch chrome removal, and two specialty scenarios, one teasing, and one tormenting."

"'Tormenting'?"

"Yeah, it's a bit on the rough side. Some use of the teeth, that sort of thing."

"Teeth?" Ms. Cooper asked incredulously.

"Yep. The inside of the mouth is anatomically accurate."

"So, isn't that kind of dangerous? Couldn't someone get hurt?"

"No, the device is designed so that it cannot exert enough pressure to break the skin. It can bite down hard enough to be uncomfortable, but not actually damaging. Its at-rest position is always with the jaws completely open so that the user can't get trapped. All they have to do is hit this red panic button, or cut the unit off, and it will instantly go to at-rest."

"Wow. So..." She obviously didn't know what to ask next. Jack took the initiative and pulled another simulator out of the box. This one had a clear plastic housing rather than the glossy black of the first one. "This is a demo model. I didn't show it to you first because, as you can see, all the inner workings are visible. That can look a bit intimidating, especially in operation. Would you like to see one in action?"

She started and looked at him questioningly, obviously wondering if he was implying what it sounded like. He smiled and blushed a bit. "It has a demo mode to show how realistically it can move."

"Oh." She sounded relieved, disappointed, curious and excited. "Absolutely!"

Jack lined up the black-cased model so that the mouth pointed at her, then bent to plug it into the power-strip by her desk. "Why the silver and purple?" she asked while he was plugging it up.

"Well, the inventor figured that some folks might be a little creeped-out by realistic flesh, like this one," he turned the clear demo model's mouth to face her, and she had to admit that the incredibly lifelike skin and lips could be a bit creepy, "so he also made this 'android' face."

"Ah. That makes sense," she replied, her tone of voice adding, 'as much as any of this surreal meeting makes sense.'

Jack just grinned and pressed the 'demo' button. Ms. Cooper jumped as the mouth came to life, the lips opening and closing, then puckering for a kiss. The tongue poked through them and licked them provocatively before extending further to show its flexibility by becoming wide and flat, then long and pointed. It even curled up into a little tube.

She jumped again when the mouth started to move toward her, revealing the outside case of the unit to be a sleeve around an inner case. The inside case, containing all the components and with the mouth attached to its end, could extend out of and retract back into the sleeve, allowing the mouth full forward and backward motion.

The unit extended to its furthest point, lips again in an 'O' as if seeking something on which to suck. Reaching its limit, it frowned in disappointment at not finding anything, then the unit slowly retracted again as the mouth went through the rest of its contortions, including baring and clicking together a bright, white set of teeth, before finally coming to rest.

When she was sure it was done, Ms. Cooper said, "That's incredible!... and a bit creepy."

"Yeah, it is. Now watch it on this one where you can see what is going on inside."

The demo model went through the same motions, and this time most of Ms. Cooper's attention was drawn to the inner workings of the thing as they whirred and moved. She noticed that the 'flesh' of the inside of the 'mouth' was almost clear except for the pink-red tongue, which she could see moving around.

She did pay sufficient attention to the action outside to notice that the incredibly lifelike movements of the equally lifelike mouth and tongue were indeed even creepier, yet perhaps also even more erotic, than the 'android' ones. She noticed something else this time, too. "Are those lips and tongue wet?"

Jack grinned. "Yep. Artificial saliva. It's hypoallergenic, and even has very mild antiseptic qualities. It's of a consistency that feels just like the real thing, and the whole mouth is warmed to body temperature. There is also another solution, a 'mouthwash, ' for when the user is finished. Using it in conjunction with the cleaning cycle will leave the unit clean, disinfected, and ready for the next session.

"While it isn't recommended for multiple people to share one of these, just like any other adult toy, in reality the mouthwash and cleaning cycle, when used properly, will leave it clean enough that this isn't a problem, at least not health-wise. The idea still seems a little gross to me, though. Also, even though the cleaning solution won't cause anything worse than a mild sting if it is accidentally used as saliva, the two solutions are kept in two different reservoirs in the unit, and the filler bottles' tips and filler receptacles are shaped differently for each solution to help prevent confusion. "

"That's absolutely incredible." She repeated in awe.

Jack showed her the remote control. "Each oral sex scenario can be set to last a certain time; 5, 10, 15 minutes, etcetera. Also, there is both an 'extend' button, which extends the scenario for one minute for each press of the button in case you aren't quite done in time, and a 'Now!' button, which you can press as you approach climax in order to give you a bit more intense and direct stimulation to make the finish more enjoyable. This can be especially useful in the 'light intensity' and 'teasing' scenarios. Oh, and that can also be used in conjunction with the 'swallow' button. I trust that one is self-explanatory.

"The majority of the rest of the buttons control specific actions by the mouth and tongue such as sucking, licking, etcetera; basically each individual action that the mouth can perform. They can be used individually or in combination to stimulate the user however he wishes. A sequence of them can even be combined to program the user's own custom blow job. There are two empty scenarios in there where long sequences can be stored. Also, as the unit performs one of its pre-programmed scenarios, the LEDs beside the corresponding buttons light up to show what the mouth is doing so the user can reproduce that portion of the scenario if he wishes." He really had to prevent himself from saying 'he or she wishes' this time.

Ms. Cooper looked excited but disbelieving. "That all sounds too good to be true, Jack."

"Well, would you like to really see it in action?" he asked with a nervous but challenging grin.

She looked at him for a long moment. "Won't Jennifer mind?"

Jack's grin grew. "It was her suggestion."

"Oh.' She said softly, and then swallowed. "Well, then, I'm game if you are."

Jack swallowed, too. "Ok." He moved the clear demo box to the side of her desk and judged the height to be just about perfectly crotch level. "It comes with a clamp to attach it to a table or counter or whatever. It needs to be fairly firmly secured," he showed her the clamp he took from the box, and then used it to secure the simulator to the top of her desk. He looked at it to make sure everything was right, then sighed and looked at her. "Ready?" She nodded mutely.

Jack stepped close to the simulator and lowered his fly. He was already rock hard at the thought of personally demonstrating this thing to her in this fashion, and barely remembered to shorten himself before he pulled his cock out of his fly, realizing that if he didn't he might scare her off. He concentrated on eight inches, and then pulled eight inches of hard shaft through. It was still enough to make her gasp softly. He lined it up with the purple lips about an inch away.

"I'm going to start a ten minute level three scenario," he said, almost calmly. He pressed the appropriate buttons on the remote. The unit whirred softly for a moment, and then the pink, glistening tongue snaked out to moisten the lips before they moved toward his cock. As they passed his tip and started to engulf him, he cleared his throat and said, "The first thing the unit does on your first use is determine measurements by taking in the penis all the way to measure length, then sucking down on it to measure thickness. It will remember the measurements until they are cleared."

Ms. Cooper watched in fascination as the lips slowly slid down his shaft, only to see the tip of his cock reappear within the nearly transparent 'cheeks' and slide along the top of the tongue. Once the lips had fully engulfed him, she saw him twitch when the flesh pressed in on his cock as the unit sucked on him.

"Once it has taken and stored the measurements," he said, slightly unsteadily, "the scenario will start." Even as he spoke, the mouth completely released him, and then the glistening tongue poked out to swirl around his cock head. "All... although it's best to stand as still as you can, the tongue and lips have contact sensors that can detect and compensate for small changes in the penis' location outside the mouth." He moved his cock slightly away and to the side. The tongue searched blindly for it for a moment, a surprisingly erotic sight. When it made contact again, it continued it's swirling.

After a few moments of that, the lips took him in once more, and started to move forward and back a few inches on his shaft. Ms. Cooper could see the inside flesh tighten down each time the mouth sucked him in, and the tongue move along the bottom of his cock. After several repetitions of this, the mouth would take him all the way in, going slowly the last couple of inches as if it was reproducing a struggle to deep-throat him. Looking closer, Ms. Cooper could see a downward turn and tightening of the flesh several inches inside the mouth, just about where a woman's throat would be.

Seeing the subject of her scrutiny, Jack said, although it was obviously becoming a challenge for him to speak objectively, "Yes, as I said, the mouth interior is anatomically correct. There's even a uvula in there..." he had to pause and stifle a groan as the simulator deep-throated him again, "it is very realistic."

Soon after this the mouth switched tactics. It opened wide to take him most of the way in, then the lips tightened, the mouth sucked strongly and the tongue swirled firmly as it slowly pulled off of him. After about half a dozen repeats of this, Jack pressed the 'stop' button. The unit slowly released him and retracted fully. He took a couple of deep breaths, and then said, "The stop button is different than 'Panic.' It retracts leisurely, and by hitting 'resume' I could start where I left off. Panic pulls it off quickly and then all power is removed from the unit until you reset it." He hesitated, and then held the remote out to her. "Want to take control?"

She stared at it for a long moment before slowly reaching out a hand to take it. She looked up at him, and he grinned. She looked back down, then pressed the 'swirl' button. The LED beside the button began to blink slowly, the mouth extended, and the tongue came out to quickly locate and then very lightly swirl around the tip of his cock.

"If you hold down a button, you will notice the LED blink faster and faster. The faster the blinking, the more intense the corresponding stimulation. Release the button and then hold it down again, and the intensity will decrease. Give it a quick press to stop it all together, or start it again at the last intensity."

She held the swirl button down, and the swirling of the tongue became more intense, until it was unclear whether the tongue was swirling around his cock, or vice versa. She pressed and released the button, and the tongue stopped and slid back behind the lips. She then pressed a button to take his cock part-way in between the lips before noticing the 'teeth' button. She pressed it briefly. The teeth closed to make very light contact with Jack's cock just below his head. As there was nothing else going on that required the lips to be in contact with his cock, they pulled away to show what the teeth were doing, just like a real woman's might if she were doing a little biting. Ms. Cooper leaned forward for a better look as she pressed and held the button. Jack winced as the teeth bit down, but didn't really mind. For one, it afforded him a chance to take a good look at her crotch and confirm a definite bulge in her skirt. Plus, it was kind of erotic, having her watch as she caused the teeth to bite into him a bit. He was looking down at the teeth himself when she looked up at him. "Is this painful? Did I go too far?"

"No, as a matter of fact, press and hold it briefly to release it a little, then press and hold it again until the LED is solid."

She looked at him doubtfully, but did what he asked. The teeth released a little, but then bit down harder. He winced again. She had turned to look at his face, and winced, too, in sympathy.

"As you can see," he said in a slightly strained voice, "that is as hard as it can bite down, and it hasn't broken the skin. However, it gives quite a sting, and I'd like for you to release me now." She pressed and held the button until the teeth completely released him, then she retracted the mouth off of him, revealing teeth indentations in his rock-hard shaft. She winced again. "Sorry."

"Don't be. I didn't mind, or I wouldn't have asked you to do it, and it's a good demonstration of the safety of the simulator." With some difficulty he stuffed his hardness back into his pants, and then carefully zipped them up. Ms. Cooper looked a little disappointed. He sat back across from her. "Try the 'clean' button." She pressed it, then watched in fascination as the unit went through some serious internal swishing of the 'mouthwash', interrupted a couple of times by the tongue running around the lips.

"The tongue can clean the lips and a bit of the area outside them, but any, um, 'overspray' beyond that has to be cleaned by hand." He paused. "So, what do you think?"

"It's incredible, Jack. I've just seen it work, and I can still hardly believe it. In a business where very few products live up to the fantasy they present, especially for guys, this..." she shrugged, "I don't know what else to say. So, is this something he is looking to try to produce? I don't know if that's even possible, and they would have to cost a fortune."

Jack grinned. "I have some good news, some good news, some good news, and some bad news."

"Should I get the bad news out of the way?"

Jack laughed. "Nope, sorry, that needs to be last."

"Ok, so what's the good news?"

"He already has these units in production."

"You're kidding!"

"Nope."

"Ok, and, uh, the good news?"

"We have been discussing things, and I have told him how good you guys are to work with, and what your goals are. He has agreed to offer FI an exclusive distributorship."

Ms. Cooper's eyes had gotten very wide. "That's very generous and flattering, but..."

"And the last piece of good news, at least for the moment, is that the wholesale price to you is one hundred and fifty dollars each."

Ms. Cooper choked. "What?! How can he do that? These things should cost... well, I have no idea what they should cost, but..." she stopped when Jack held up his hand.
