 An eighteen-year-old-High-School-Senior-Jack rang Mary Carson's doorbell with a slightly shaky finger. He couldn't believe he was actually here, and was very, very nervous.

Out of the blue she had turned to him in Geometry class the day before, just after they received their latest quiz scores, and said, "Jack, I don't know how you aced this thing! I just can't seem to get the hang of these proofs. Is there any chance you might help me understand these? I've got to get them down before finals."

"Uh, sure!" he had stuttered, not believing he might get the chance to spend some time with Mary, even if it was only to study.

"Great! I know tomorrow's Saturday, but are you busy? Do you mind? Saturdays are the only free time I have for the next couple of weeks."

"Sure!" he said again.

"Okay. Here's my address," she jotted it on a page torn from her notebook. He didn't tell her that he didn't need it, that he knew where she lived. Most everybody did. Handing it to him, she asked, "Eleven o'clock ok?" He nodded mutely, then she delivered the knockout punch just before the bell rang and she flew out of the room, "Oh, and bring a bathing suit. We'll splash around the pool when we get done."

And so here he was, Geometry book, notebook, and bathing suit in the backpack on his shoulder, waiting nervously as light footsteps approached the door. It opened, and Mary greeted him, her warm, friendly smile in place.

"Hey Jack! Thanks for coming! Come on in." She led him through the house, and he couldn't help but admire the view before him; tight round butt undulating under a pair of tight short-shorts; long, lightly tanned, athletic legs that only a teenager could have, extending down to feet clad in ankle socks and tennis shoes; long hair, currently in a pony tail, its shiny, dark golden blond/light satiny brown color as difficult to pin down and describe as she was.

Mary was one of the prettiest girls in school, and quite popular, yet didn't participate in any of the activities those attributes might suggest; she didn't cheerlead, or enter any of the various pageantry. She was fit and athletic, yet didn't participate in any of the school's organized sports. She was intelligent, made good grades, and the school activities she did participate in were the slightly nerdier ones; French club, year book staff, etc.

Beyond that, she was always friendly towards everyone, and gave her warm smile to even the geekiest kid in school. She often hung out with the popular crowd, but would never date anyone seriously, which only served to stoke the crush Jack and pretty much every other boy in school had on her. All of this made it even harder to believe that he was following the tall hardbody through her house on a Saturday morning.

She led him to a bright sunroom with the pool visible just outside its windows. There was a table with a couple of chairs in one corner. Covered with books and papers, it looked to be where Mary did much of her schoolwork. "Will this be ok?" she asked, pointing at the table.

"Oh, yeah, great." Jack answered.

"Would you like a glass of lemonade before we start?"

"Yeah, that would be great." Jack said, feeling a little foolish for his repetitive vocabulary so far. Mary just smiled, though, and bounced off in the direction of what he assumed was the kitchen.

Jack removed his books from his backpack while he waited for her return. She came back a few moments later carrying two large glasses. She set them on the table, sat down, and they got to work. She sat close by him, and her beauty and charm were incredible distractions, although no more so than her clean, flowery scent. The only thing that saved Jack from being a complete basket case with constant boner was the fact that he had been subjected to the same stimuli during every third period of every school day of the year as she sat innocently beside him in the next row, and he had learned to function around them.

That is, unless she was wearing a certain skin tight, pink furry short-sleeve sweater. She wore it once every other week or so, and it drove him nuts. He had spent several erection-filled study hall periods analyzing why this was. He finally decided that it was for two reasons. The first was that, if it was as soft on the inside as it was on the outside, then it must feel incredible to wear, especially on her boobs, which appeared to be unfettered by a bra when she wore it (although it was impossible to tell for sure through the fur). The second reason on was that, while the idea of feeling her up over any sweater (or anything else, for that matter) was exciting, doing so over something as soft and furry as that pink sweater was especially so.

But then his theory suffered a setback. He saw an identical sweater hanging in a store one day, and after looking around to make sure no one was watching, couldn't resist feeling the garment both outside and in. He was surprised to discover that the inside was not soft at all, but rather scratchy. How could she wear something that felt like that, especially over her bare nipples, assuming she really was braless? The idea that she would actually enjoy wearing something like that seemed a bit kinky, but no less cock-firming than the soft-inside theory.

Luckily - or not - she wasn't wearing that sweater today, so they made decent progress, although her closer proximity and undivided attention still made for quite a challenge. After about an hour and a half of good progress, she held up her hands. "Enough! I think I've got all of this so far, but if we go any further, it'll just leak out my ears. How about a sandwich, then we can hit the pool!"

"Uh, okay." Jack said nervously.

"Bologna?"

"Yeah, that sounds great."

"Be right back!" She got up and bounced back toward the kitchen.

"Can I help?" he called after her.

A cheerful "Nope!" came floating back.

She reappeared balancing two paper plates containing sandwiches and chips, and containers of mayo and mustard. "I wasn't sure what you wanted on yours, so I brought the bottles."

"Thanks." Jack said. He slathered some mayo on his sandwich as she did the same with the mustard. They exchanged knives and bottles and repeated the process. The next several moments were silent except for munching, crunching, and slurping. When they both were left with only crumbs, Mary said. "Just leave your plate here. I'll get it later. Did you bring your suit?"

Jack nodded mutely.

"Great! Come on!"

She jumped up and led him out to the pool. She pointed to a small open-front pool house. "You can change in the bathroom in there and grab one of the towels. I'll be right back." And she was gone back into the house. Jack opened the door of the pool house bathroom and went inside. It was nice but basic, with a shelf holding lots of fluffy beach towels. He locked the door, shucked off his shorts and donned his swim trunks. Grabbing a towel he headed back out to the pool. Mary wasn't back yet, so he sat in a chair under an umbrella to wait.

He heard the sliding door open a moment later, and turned. His mouth dropped open. Mary was wearing a skimpy red bikini that left little of her athletic, curvaceous body to the imagination. She saw his expression and laughed. "I guess I don't need to ask what you think of my new bathing suit."

Jack turned a bright crimson as he stammered, "I... uh... I'm sorry..."

She frowned, "For what?"

Jack was now looking everywhere but at her, 'Uh, you know... for staring..."

She looked at him like he was crazy. "Why? If I didn't want guys to stare, I wouldn't wear this thing. Stare all you like."

Jack blinked a couple times at this. Had he heard right? Had she just given him permission to goggle at her nearly nude body all he wanted?

Meanwhile, Mary was spreading her towel on the deck by the pool. That done, she sat down on it and retrieved a bottle of suntan lotion from the bag she had also brought out. Watching her rub the lotion on every square inch of exposed skin she could reach, leaving it glistening with an oily sheen, had him quickly erect. He crossed his legs in what he hoped was a nonchalant manner. He thought a little distracting conversation was in order. "Um," his voice cracked only slightly, "so, your parents are at work?"

"Yeah, they both work on Saturdays. They'll be home around six or so. Aren't you going to join me?" She grinned at him. "That pale skin needs some sun."

"Uh..." he was embarrassed at the thought of displaying the rest of his slightly pudgy body to this wonderful girl, but to not do so, sitting there in the shade with his shirt on, would be way too dorky, "sure." He removed his shoes and socks, then stood, built up his nerve for a moment, and removed his shirt. Mary at this point was lying with her eyes closed, so he spread his towel out fairly close and lay down stiffly, all the while trying to maneuver so his still semi-hard cock wasn't noticeable. Something bumped his arm. He looked over to see Mary holding the suntan lotion out toward him.

"Better put some of this on, or you'll be a lobster by the time you go home."

Jack sat back up on his towel and took the bottle. He squirted some on his hand and started applying it everywhere he could reach. When he was finished he tried to hand the bottle back to Mary, only to find her looking at him critically. "What?"

"You missed a couple of spots." She took the bottle, applied a bit of lotion to her fingertips, and rubbed it on his nose and ears. Although these weren't very sensitive areas, the combination of her gentle touch and the fact that this was the first touch from any female other than his mother and the occasional whack from a sister quickly had him firming again. He dared not look down and give himself away. He just hoped his seated position hid the bulge. Apparently it did, as she didn't seem to notice anything. "Uh, thanks," he said, a little unsteadily

She smiled and said, "You're welcome!" before lying back down and closing her eyes again.

Jack took the opportunity to admire her oiled figure for a few moments, but then realized this was sending his boner in the opposite direction from where he wanted, so he looked away and tried to think about geometry until his bulge was no longer noticeable. He lay down, closed his eyes, and continued desperately to try to ignore the thought of an incredibly hot girl laying a couple of feet away.

He was marginally successful, although it felt like hours until Mary said, "Time to flip over!" He looked over to find her suiting action to words. Once she was on her stomach, he was tantalized by the site of her reaching around to untie her bra straps to let them fall by her sides, revealing the barest hint of the rounded outside of her breasts. He flipped quickly before this latest assault on his hypersensitive libido once again hardened his shaft, but then she said, "Will you put some lotion on my back, please?" while holding the bottle out to him again.

"Um... sure."

He stalled for a moment, and then got up awkwardly, trying again to hide the bulge in his shorts. Luckily she was relaxed with her eyes closed once more. He sat on his knees close beside her and opened the bottle with shaking hands. He squirted some lotion into one hand, looked apprehensively at her back for a moment, and then tentatively touched it with his lotion-filled palm. She twitched and giggled. "That's cold!" She relaxed once more, and he began rubbing the lotion in. Becoming slightly more confident, and much more erect, he applied lotion to her whole back, drawing out the procedure as long as he thought he safely could.

Finally, figuring he had pushed his luck far enough, he made sure he hadn't missed any spots, then lay back down on his stomach to hide his hard-on. She sighed as if she had enjoyed the rub. "Thanks. Now I need to do you." She made as if to push herself up, then her eyes got wide and her mouth made a big "O" as she realized what she had almost done. She gave him a naughty grin. "Close your eyes, please."

He did, although he was sorely tempted to peek. Why hadn't she told him to turn his head? Didn't she know he was a hormonal teenager, and that the temptation could be overwhelming? He sensed her sit beside his thigh, then felt her return the favor of the cold lotion. He, too, twitched, and she giggled. That was good, as it covered the sound of his almost stifled groan as she began to rub in the lotion. She took as long as he had, and it did indeed feel wonderful. All too soon, though, she said, "Done!"

He said "Thanks," as he felt and heard her move back to her towel. They lay there broiling for another short eternity. Jack's hardness was hidden, pressed into the warm concrete through the towel, which allowed him to fantasize about the beauty lying beside him more freely. This helped the time pass faster, but not much.

Finally she stirred, and said, "I'm frying. I think I'll hop in the pool." She quickly retied her top, stood gracefully, walked daintily to the edge... and did a cannonball, drenching his lower legs and the towel beneath them.

"Hey!"

She surfaced giggling. "Sorry," she said, grinning as she smoothed her now medium-brown wet hair to her head, "I couldn't resist."

Jack turned to sit cross-legged on his towel facing her, again hoping that she wouldn't notice his bulge. Mary had moved to the side of the pool, and was resting her chin on her crossed arms, which lay on the lip of the pool. "Jack, can I ask you a personal question."

Uh, oh. "Uh, sure."

"Have you ever fantasized about me?"

Jack thought he had been expecting the worst, but that was nothing compared to this. He stared her in shock, but then a realization struck, and he suddenly felt angry, offended, and hurt. He rose to find his shirt, not caring anymore if she saw his now rapidly dwindling erection. "I think I should go, now."

"I'm sorry, Jack! I didn't mean to offend you, I just..."

"Yeah, well, I don't think I want to give you and your friends something to laugh over in the lunch room whenever you see me walk by."

It was her turn to look hurt, "Jack, I would never do something like that. I thought you knew me better than that."

"I really don't know you that well, Mary, although I would have hoped you wouldn't. But most of the people you hang out with sure would."

She looked at him for a long moment, and then sighed. "You're probably right. But please believe me, I would never do something like that. I've just noticed you look at me a lot, and, um, seem to have a bulge quite often, and I was curious. I'm sorry, I really didn't want to upset you. Please don't go. We can talk about something else."

Jack looked down at her as indecision warred. What the hell else could you talk about after that had been breached? Still, he didn't really want to leave.

He finally shrugged and sat back down on the towel. She smiled, and then floated away from the edge on her back, her pretty face and round, pert breasts the only things breaking the surface.

A little streak of perverseness, egged on no doubt by his libido, surprised him by voicing the words, "The answer to your question is 'yes'," through his lips.

"What?" she said, standing up.

Now why the hell had he said that? Too late now, though. He cleared his throat. "The answer to your question is 'yes'."

"Really?" she moved back to the edge. "Like, um, how? In what way?"

There was no way the little bit of perverseness was going to overcome his self-consciousness that much, no matter how his libido tried to help. He shrugged. She looked at him for a moment.

"I've already said I would never tell anyone about anything you said, but I'll promise, cross my heart, hope to die, okay?"

He shrugged and nodded. Still no way, though.

"What if I told you a secret first? One that you in turn would have to promise not to tell?"

He shrugged.

"Promise? Cross your heart and hope to die?"

He nodded.

"I'm masturbating right now."

He looked at her in shock again. She was once more resting her head on her crossed arms, lying across the edge of the pool. She grinned at his surprised and confused expression.

"There's a water jet down here on the wall. It circulates the water back into the pool after it goes through the filter. It's really strong, and at just the right depth to hit my clitoris when I relax like this on the edgel. I discovered it not long after the pool was put in. I can't count the number of orgasms I've had from this thing. I've learned to hide when I'm cumming so no one knows what I'm doing. I've had a bunch of orgasms with people laying out and walking around and stuff." She laughed. "One time my mom cornered me while I was playing. She had been trying to talk to me about boys and safe sex, and I had been avoiding her. She told me 'don't move a muscle, ' so I didn't. She gave me this long lecture, during which I had three consecutive orgasms. It was really ironic." She laughed again. "I see you like my secret."

Jack had been so engrossed in her confession that he had completely forgotten to hide his raging hard on. He looked down quickly, and then put his hands in his lap while turning scarlet. She laughed again, but it wasn't mocking.

"Too late now! And there's no reason to hide it, I'm not offended. You've already told me you've fantasized about me, remember? Now I want the details. Spill it!" He had been avoiding her gaze, but looked at her now, sheepishly, to find her grinning good naturedly and encouragingly back.

Where to start? What to tell? He finally picked something easy that he had been thinking about earlier. "Well, I really like your pink furry sweater..."

"Yeah?" she said encouragingly, still grinning.

"Um, and I've always wondered what it would be like to, um, feel your breasts through it and stuff."

"Oh, yeah? And what 'stuff'."

"Well, I've always wondered if you wear a bra under it."

She giggled, "Sometimes. Not always. I guess you've noticed it's so furry that it's hard to tell, so I can get away with it."

Getting into the spirit of things a little more, Jack said, "Well, I figured that if you weren't wearing a bra, that fur sure must feel nice on your breasts. But then I saw a sweater just like it in a store."

"Oh, really? And what did you find out?" she asked, looking at him with an unreadable expression.

"Well, the inside of the sweater I saw was kind of scratchy."

She looked at him for another moment, and then grinned again as she turned slightly red, herself. "You got me. It is itchy, but it drives my nipples absolutely nuts. It drives me crazy all day. I usually come home and spend quite a while where I am right now on days that I wear it. I've been thinking about cutting two little holes in the front of a thin tank top and wearing it under my sweater to relieve some of the itchiness without covering my nipples, but my mom would be sure to find it, and the jig would be up." She paused, "Ok, that's two confessions for me to one for you, and yours brought on my second one. Come on, get to the good stuff!"

The utter surrealism of the situation suddenly struck him like a dash of cold water. Here he was, a slightly pudgy somewhat-geek, talking to one of the prettiest girls in school about his fantasies involving her while she masturbated on a water jet in the pool. This sort of thing just didn't happen! Yet there she was, in that same spot, grinning at him expectantly. A welcome stalling question occurred to him, although even it was tough to ask. "Um, have you, uh, orgasmed yet?"

"Nope. I've backed off a bit. Now quit stalling!"

He shrugged. "Well, other than the sweater thing, there isn't really a lot to tell, other than the obvious stuff. You know kissing, making out, stuff like that."

"Oh, no! You aren't getting out that easy. I want details."

He shrugged again uncomfortably. "There aren't really any details I can tell..." he trailed off, turning red again.
