 Wednesday afternoon's meeting was once again attended by Nick, Susan and Alice on the FI side, and Jack and Jennifer. Nick began things by asking for an update on the website.

"Well," Jack replied, "we are finished with taking the demonstration photos of the products and writing the supporting instructional text. This evening Jennifer and I will post the last few, taken this morning, and then everything will be available on the website."

"Great! How's the traffic on the new site?"

"From what I can tell by comparing the current stats with what stats are available from the old website, it looks like visitor hits are up roughly fifteen percent so far, and that's without any advertising regarding your new look and direction."

Nick turned to Susan. "And how about actual purchases?"

Susan smiled, which appeared to surprise Nick and Alice a bit. "Also up a roughly corresponding fifteen percent. They're up even higher for things like batteries." She smiled at Jack. He grinned back.

"That's fantastic, guys. Wonderful job so far. What's next?"

"Well, we were planning to get started on the video clips tomorrow morning. As I mentioned previously, that will probably take another week or week and a half."

"Hmmmm. Ok, so it would be safe to say that the website will be up and running with all planned content in two weeks?" Nick asked.

"Yes, I think we can safely say that, although that might change a bit depending on the results of this meeting."

"Understood. We need to start planning our marketing push. Jack, Susan and I have discussed it, and we definitely want you to help us with our advertising campaign for the new site and our new direction, if you are still willing and available, that is."

"Absolutely!" Jack enthused.

"Great. We'll set up another meeting to discuss that, because right now I want to see your presentation of this miraculous new product your associate is offering to us," Nick said.

"Very well. Might I suggest a quick break while I go grab my materials, and you guys grab the simulators from wherever you have them stashed?"

Susan spoke up, "I've got them in my office. Jennifer, would you mind helping me get them? I don't know that I can carry both of them and all the extra paraphernalia."

"Sure!" Jennifer hopped up lithely.

"Ok. Fifteen minute break, everyone. And no wandering off and getting tied up in a phone call or anything!" Nick said with only partially mock severity.

Jack took a quick whiz, grabbed his laptop, small video projector and a few other items, and returned to the conference room. He had just finished plugging everything up, turning it on, and setting up his 'stunt cock', a 'realistic' rubber penis mounted on a stand at crotch height, when everyone streamed back in.

"Well, this certainly looks interesting." Nick said, eyeing the presentation setup, demo cock, and simulators that Susan and Jennifer were placing on the table.

"What, no real-life demonstration Jack?" Alice asked, nodding at the stand with a naughty grin.

Jack was barely successful in not giving a tell-tale glance at Susan as he grinned back and replied, "It's hard to make a coherent presentation while experiencing one of these things, um, doing its thing. Maybe we can arrange a personal demonstration with a willing test subject later."

"Well, if the hints I have heard about this thing are anywhere near accurate, Nick would be stupid not to carry it, and I'm sure you'll put one of those video thingies for it on the website. Just make sure you tell me when you are shooting the video for this thing and I'll wander by the photo booth."

"I'll come get you personally, Alice," Jennifer said in a conspiratorial stage whisper. For some reason that made Jack a bit nervous.

Jack began with the same demonstration he gave Susan, substituting the rubber stunt cock for his own. At the end he gave the same offer and pricing requirements as he had to Susan, and Nick had pretty much the same reaction. "I just don't know if we can accept that restriction, Jack," Nick concluded.

Jack grinned. "You haven't seen the accessories, yet."

"True, but I really can't see how that can make too much difference."

"Well, I gave Susan one example of the type of marketing we are suggesting," Jack explained the console video game sales model to Nick and Alice. "Another similar example is inkjet printers. Many personal inkjet printers sell for incredibly cheap prices, because where the companies make their money is on the replacement ink cartridges. I have actually seen printers, which come with one black and one color cartridge in the box, sell for less than a pair of replacement black and color cartridges."

"So you are saying that there will be ongoing accessories for this thing that will continue to bring in revenue?"

"Yes. Let me show you a few. I'll start with the basic and obvious, first." Jack removed the stunt cock, and then indicated the remaining stand. "This is actually a stand for the simulator." He grabbed the black simulator and attached it to the stand. "As you can see, its angle and height are adjustable to accommodate pretty much anyone." He removed the simulator and center pole from the stand, and then placed the base of the stand on the table. "The base has four legs. These two legs extend out quite a bit further than the other pair. The user should position himself between these two longer legs, as that makes the stand more stable when the simulator, uh, sucks him in. Also, each leg goes almost straight up for about a foot before angling in to the center of the base." Jack attached the simulator to the stand base and pointed it almost straight down. "This also allows the base to be used to suspend the simulator over a prone user, say while lying in bed, and can, again, accommodate almost anyone." He looked at Nick. "This should cost you around twenty five bucks, with no maximum selling price limit. Yes, it's a one time purchase, but we figure most buyers of the unit will want one."

Jack grabbed a couple of plastic bottles next. "Refill 'saliva' and 'mouthwash.' The simulator will operate with regular water as saliva, but it doesn't feel nearly as good, surprisingly. The unit can detect if real 'simulator mouthwash' is in the reservoir, though, and won't function without it. Regular mouthwash won't work. Saliva is three bucks your cost, mouthwash, five. The use of saliva is variable, but a bottle of mouthwash this size should be good for about a dozen cleanings. The inventor is also willing to supply larger 'economy sizes' of bottles if you want." He paused. "Questions so far?" Seeing there were none, Jack grinned. "Now for the fun part."

Moving the simulator mounted on the stand base to the center of the table and readjusting the unit so it was horizontal, Jack slowly rotated it so that everyone could see what he was pointing at on the unit's back. "These two little receptacles are USB ports, just like the one I plugged my hard drive into on your web server the other day. There are actually three on here, the remote is plugged into the third one. These remaining two offer lots of exciting possibilities. The main one is what I'm going to show you now." Jack hooked up a cable leading from his laptop to one of the ports, then turned on the projector.

"What you see is a software package that can be use to control the simulator. It has two modes; basic mode and power user mode. Basic mode offers an attractive and user-friendly interface that mimics the functionality of the remote, plus adds a few additional features. The first additional feature is these on-screen sliders that allow you to adjust the intensity of a particular action rather than holding a button down on the remote. This gives you much finer control. Another cool feature is this timeline, a graphic representation of what actions are happening when, and for how long. So, if I press 'start' to begin the sample sequence," he pressed the button on-screen, "you can see the simulator doing its thing while watching the little indicator travel along the corresponding timeline. The user can adjust how long a particular action in a sequence lasts simply by dragging its start or end point up or down the timeline. The rest of the sequence adjusts accordingly."

Jack clicked another button, and the screen changed. "This is power user mode. It offers the same functionality as basic, plus it adds almost infinite control of each individual movement that the unit can perform. For instance, it allows you to program not only the general movements of the tongue that the remote control and basic mode do, but also gives fine control over each portion of the tongue in order to create some very specific movements or actions. It allows that same level of control for the whole unit. It's fairly complex, and not for the casual user, although there are extensive help files available. However, with some patience, the possibilities are infinite in creating almost any mouth and tongue action that a human is capable of, and probably quite a few that aren't."

Jack looked at his audience, to find their interest much more piqued by this latest 'accessory'. "The software will cost you fifty dollars per license. As you would be the only supplier of the simulator, we can set it up so that the serial number of the purchaser's unit is encrypted into the copy of the software before we send it to them, making it so that the copy will only work with that unit, preventing piracy. The software allows you to save as many of the scenarios as you want, so I suggest setting up a community site within your main website where users can upload, trade and discuss their favorite custom made scenarios."

"Would we charge for that?" Nick asked.

"You could, I suppose, but I suggest not. It wouldn't take too many resources, and would build a good reputation with your customers, plus it will bring in lots of repeat traffic to the site. We can place ads or product announcements on the community page. That does segue into the next item, though."

"There's more?" Susan asked, surprised.

"Yep. I don't have it yet, but there will be another software package. This one won't be for sale, at least not initially, and probably not ever. It can be used, through video motion capture and bio-feedback, to record an actual, um, oral sex encounter. That encounter can then be played back with the first software package, just like any other scenario."

"That sounds incredible, Jack, but if it isn't for sale, what good is it?" Susan asked. Nick, though, looked to be one step ahead, as he had an excited expression.

"Are you familiar with the DVDs in your catalog that feature various porn stars giving blow jobs, shot from the recipient's point of view? You know, as if you are looking down at them sucking on 'you'?" Jack asked.

"Yes," Susan replied. Jack had to suppress a grin at the thought that she probably had much more of an interest in them than most women.

"Imagine if you could also feel what she was doing."

"Oh... holy shit! Oops, sorry," Susan apologized.

"Are you saying that the software can also incorporate video, too, Jack?" Nick asked.

"Yes, although the setup is a bit complicated. The motion capture can be done with any high quality digital camcorder that can work with infrared. Most of the ones with low light functionality do. The motion capture is used to track both 'giver' and 'recipient', and requires that small reflective dots be placed on both people for the software to track. However, using infrared, these dots can be transparent, pretty much invisible.

"The biofeedback sensors aren't quite so easy. They have to be applied to various points on the 'giver's' face and neck. However, many of them are below the jaw line and won't be seen from a top-down angle. The software does a pretty good job of editing out the rest automatically when it runs through a script combining the video with the simulator scenario."

"So we could bring in porn stars, or..." Nick tapered off as he tried to grasp the possibilities.

"Or anyone who is willing to be recorded giving oral sex. It would actually need to be a couple rounds of oral sex, as you would want to record a scenario with a couple different sizes and colors of penises. The user software and the simulator are smart enough to take size into account when running a program, but it would look odd having the unit work on your six inch cock while you watch someone sucking on a ten inch one, or your black one while she sucks on a white one. I say 'she', but I guess you could also, you know..." Jack made a hand wave gesture indicating that, 'you can pretty much figure out the rest of what I'm saying for yourself, because I'm not into that personally.'

"How much will that software cost us?" Susan asked.

"The software is free. The creator asks for a third of whatever you charge for any recorded scenarios and or video/scenario combinations you sell. Remember, too, you don't have to have video. You can do just the recorded blow job itself. Those would probably sell for much less, of course. You will need to buy the video cameras and other equipment, by the way.

"Oh, and the only other stipulation is that you pay the 'performers' fairly. The adult entertainment industry has a reputation for not treating its performers well, and the inventor sees that as something that should be improved. Perhaps they could be paid a percentage of each copy of their scenarios sold? That might give them some incentive to do their best, knowing that the better their scenario sells, the more money they make."

"I think we could probably work something out. That fits in with our desire to try to make this business more respectable. But what's to keep those recorded scenarios from being traded just like the user-created ones?" Nick asked.

"We can set up these scenarios to play only on the purchaser's unit, just like the user software. The user-created files can play on any unit."

"Gotcha. Wow, that's a lot to absorb Jack... that is all, isn't it?"

"Nope. There will also be a pair of fairly inexpensive 3D glasses comprised of two small LCD screens, one for each eye. The video portion of the scenario can be shot with two video cameras and combined by the recording software into a 3D video that the user can enjoy with the glasses. It will be much more enjoyable than watching the action on a computer screen, and way more realistic. The end-user software will be able to handle that 3D video, and even stream it to the glasses via USB. Also, there will be a sensor attached to an elastic band which will go around the base of the user's testicles. Worn correctly, it can detect when the user is about to ejaculate, and trigger the end of the sequence, so the user doesn't have to press the 'Now!' button manually. I don't have any details on availability or cost on either of those items yet, though." Jack paused. "Any other questions?"

Alice, who had been silent so far, raised her hand. "I don't pretend to understand all this tech stuff, although what I do understand sounds really exciting," she grinned, "especially the recording the video part. What I'm wondering is, can this thing be used on women?"

Jack was surprised to realize that he actually hadn't considered this, yet. Thinking quickly, he answered, "Yes, it can, with certain limitations. The main one is that this unit can't tilt up and down in a 'licking' motion, as is common for oral sex on a woman. The inventor, being a rather reclusive and nerdy guy, didn't have any women around for his initial development, so couldn't really test and perfect that. His thinking is that, if this is as successful as he expects it to be, he will be able to bring in some suitable test subjects to help him develop a female version. However, as it will be more complex, it will also most likely be a bit more expensive."

Alice grinned again. "Well, if he needs volunteers, sign me up." This elicited a gasp from Susan, a chuckle from Nick, and a knowing grin from Jennifer.

"Uh, will-do, Alice," Jack replied, trying not to imagine the plump little grandmotherly woman using a female simulator. He cleared his throat. "Until that time, we could probably record a couple of female scenarios using the recording software and offer them, perhaps for free, as a kind of appetizer to the release of the female version."

Nick, Susan and Alice asked a few more questions, then Nick gave a big sigh. "Well, I've gotta say, you've sold me, Jack. I don't think we can pass this up. I think you had Susan sold on Friday, and from the kid-in-a-candy-store grin on Alice's face, it looks like she's all in." Alice gave an enthusiastic nod. "So, where do we go from here?"

"Well, come up with your initial order, and we'll work it up and send it to my friend. He has set up a business called Techrotica Inc., and as long as you want you will be his only client. The inventory will arrive in plain boxes. It will be up to you, us, to come up with product names, box art, etc."

"Wow. He must really trust us if he's going to allow us to actually name his product," Nick commented.

Jack nodded. "He does. This will pretty much be your product."

"And I assume also our liability if something goes wrong with a unit?" from Susan.

Jack shrugged. "He will replace any unit that is returned as defective, either out of the box, or due to normal wear and tear during the first three months after purchase by the original owner. Beyond that, all of the products are extremely safe. Someone would have to be colossally stupid to get hurt. So stupid that it should be blindingly obvious that it was their fault, and not the product's." Jennifer's powers would see to that. Still, Nick and Susan seemed a bit concerned, and discussed it in low tones for a moment until Alice interrupted.

"How is this any different from all the crap we get from China and those other B.F.E. places? They sure don't take the blame when something goes wrong. At least this stuff isn't crap. Besides, I thought we had insurance to cover this sort of thing."

At this Nick and Susan shared a 'what the hell' shrug. "Ok, Jack, we'll put together an order. Give Susan the contact info on where to send it. Just to recap, the products that are available now are the simulator itself, the stand, the liquid refills, and the user software, is that correct?"

"Yes, that's it so far."

"And he doesn't want to do a credit check or anything before setting up and account for us?

Jack smiled. "No, as I said, he trusts you guys."

"Okay. So if we get the order sent to him in the next day or so, what timeframe are we looking at?"

"Ummm, probably about a week."

"Wow, that's pretty quick. It looks like we need to get going on the packaging and marketing for this thing. Can we get the dimensions for the plain boxes so that we can start designing box art, stuff like that?"

"Yes, I'll check with him. I should have that later today."

"Okay. Can you help us with the product artwork?"

"Sure. I'll even do it for free."

"Well that's very generous of you Jack." Nick smiled a lopsided smile. "Something tells me you aren't doing all of this out of the goodness of your heart."

Jack smiled back. "Nope, I get a fairly decent commission from Techrotica Inc. for the products sold."

"Uh, huh. Plus, if this does well, it's fairly certain to get you some commission from us, too."

Jack just shrugged and continued to smile. Nick looked at him for a long moment, then shrugged, as well. "It seems like there ought to be some double-dipping conflict of interest here, but I can't really find any room to complain. If you make lots of money, that means we are making lots more. I'm ok with that. I do have one other question, though."

"Yes?"

"Are we ever going to meet this mysterious inventor friend of yours?"
