 Chapter 23

Although Jack was sorely tempted to explore the possibilities of Jennifer's Genie costume from earlier in the day, he was tired enough that they went to bed upon returning from their stroll down the strip after nothing more than a bit of cuddling. They were therefore fairly well rested when they headed to the convention center Friday morning. Only in this town could they travel on the monorail at this time of day, Jack dressed in a stylish suit, Jennifer in a stunning royal-blue full length dress whose iridescent fabric hugged her every curve, and not attract much notice. Everyone's eyes were glued to Jennifer, true, but the dress was superfluous.

Arriving at the FI booth, they found Susan looking delectable in a dress equally as stunning as Jennifer's, and Nick looking decidedly worse for wear. Jack grinned. "You okay, Nick?"

He grunted, and then muttered so only Jack could hear, "What the hell did Jennifer do to my girlfriend?"

Jack's grin widened. "Who knows what goes on between women when they are doing 'girl things'? Why, is there something wrong with her?"

"Well, no. She's, uh, great, happier than I have ever seen her, in fact. She just about fucked me to death last night is all. She's never been like that before."

"And that's bad?"

"Hell no! It's just, like I said, she's never been that way before, and..." he tapered off and shrugged.

"Do you want her to go back to the way she was?"

"No, I just don't know if I can keep up with her if she stays like this."

"Ah, so now is dating an ex-porn star everything one might imagine?"

Nick wearily shook his head, but grinned. "You have no idea." Then he looked over at Jennifer, already surrounded by a crowd of admirers, easily holding her own. "Actually, you probably have a very good idea. How are you not dead from sexual exhaustion?"

Jack slapped Nick on the back. "It's just like any other strenuous activity, my friend, you have to work up some stamina."

Nick groaned, but his dread wasn't very convincing. Jack laughed, but then thought he should ask Jennifer a couple of questions, just to make sure things would go as desired. First, though...

Anybody grabbed your ass, yet?

Nope, I'm too quick for them, plus I'm succeeding in keeping my back to something most of the time.

Need me to make a wish to keep them off you?

Not yet, but thanks for the offer. I'll let you know.

Okay. What about Susan?

She's been through this before, although not quite in this capacity, and not dressed nearly as hotly as she is today. She's holding her own.

Well, let me know if she needs some help, too.

I will.

Can we discuss Nick and Cassie for a minute, or will that be too much of a distraction?

--------

Her mental snort was a bit derisive. Have you forgotten I am an All Powerful Genie Servant, Oh Master?

Not for a second. Did Cassie really almost 'fuck Nick to death' last night?

Jennifer took a moment to answer a question from an attendee and to gather the info to answer Jack's question before replying, She rung him out pretty good, but he enjoyed every second of it. He's just tired and grumpy now from being kept up half the night.

Well, is he going to be able to keep up with her, and satisfy her, in the long run?

Hmmm, well it could be a bit of a challenge, stamina wise. However, what with the combination of the intimate relationship they share, and her renewed love for physical sex, she should be pretty happy.

Well, what say we make them both very happy. Let's have Nick's stamina increase quickly so that he can keep up with her, maybe even give her a bit of a challenge. Also, all this 'aerobic' activity should tone them up a bit, make them healthier, even erase some wrinkles. None of that should happen so quickly that it seems too unnatural, though. Sound good so far?

Tingle. Yup. Done.

Okay, now is Nick's... equipment sufficient for her needs?

Well, it will be, once she is 'toned up' down there, assuming you want to include that.

I do.

--------

Nick's and Susan's hopes, and Jack and Jennifer's expectations, were met; the booth, manned initially by Susan and Jennifer, was a hit. Nick's prediction that no one wanted to talk to guys about blow jobs was also correct; he and Jack were ignored as much as possible by the guys hoping to talk to Jennifer and Susan. So, after arranging the eager attendees into a queue around the back of the booth, each one waiting for a chance to receive a demonstration from the two lovely ladies, Jack took on the roll of support gopher. First, though, he convinced Nick to return to his room to take a nap, as Nick wasn't doing much good to anyone at the moment. Susan was scheduled to work the booth until two, and could handle any issues or questions that came up.

There were three main stations at the booth. The first displayed a clear simulator clamped to a cutaway of a 'table' mounted at eye level, and was run with the remote. It was intended to show the capabilities of the basic simulator as it came out of the box. Jack would guide in three or four attendees, and Jennifer would give a short and concise demo of what the unit was, and was capable of.

That group would then go to station two, 'manned' by Susan. The second station consisted of a black simulator on a simulator stand with accompanying demo cock, a PC LCD monitor, and several pairs of 3D glasses. The monitor showed the simulator software running a loop of a portion of a blow job sequence and the accompanying video- a masked woman giving a blow job - also looping in a small on-screen window. At the same time, the simulator was reproducing the oral sex loop on the demo cock. Susan would explain in general what the software did, including how it worked with the 3D glasses and ejaculation sensor. The attendees could take turns wearing the 3D glasses, which were also showing the video loop.

Once Susan's little spiel was done, she took questions about the simulator, and about Forbidden Indulgences itself and their other products, a few of which were also sprinkled strategically around the booth. She was also tasked with handing out invitations to anyone she determined should be invited to the party on Saturday night, but hadn't been sent an invite ahead of time. It had been decided that the demo simulators would be handed out at the party, one for each invitation.

Once the attendees were finished with Susan, they could move on to the third station, which was for the most part unmanned. It consisted of a non-functional black simulator, clamped down and locked in place, that folks could check out, plus several clear simulators behind Plexiglas, mounted on simulator stands and with accompanying demo cocks. The remotes for the clear simulators were available for attendees to use to test drive the units. These simulators were in different positions, showing that the stand could be used while standing, sitting, or lying down.

Jennifer quickly took over the duty of bringing in her small groups, allowing Jack to roam the booth, giving out the coupons for a free scenario download and forms to fill out for a drawing for several free simulators, plus performing a little crowd control when attendees lingered in the booth too long.

The show was open from eight AM to five PM Friday and Saturday, so each of the girls would work the booth for six hours each day, leaving two of them working at all times. On Friday Susan was scheduled from eight until two, and Jamie from eleven until five, which meant that Jennifer's six hours were split up, eight to eleven and two to five.

Jamie showed up promptly at eleven, and Jennifer motioned for her to take over the first station. Jamie looked very nervous, so Jennifer gave her a few quick whispered pointers. "Remember, you are in charge. Don't take any crap. If someone gets frisky, don't hesitate to put them in their place. If you need to, call for help, or security. Jack and I will stick around until Nick gets back, so don't worry. Now, let's bring in this next group. I'll do it, and you watch, then I'll help while you do one."

Jennifer wound up supporting Jamie through a couple of groups until the younger girl had the hang of it and looked more confident. Jennifer then relieved Susan long enough for her to take a bathroom and soda break. It was just before noon when Susan and a much more rested-looking Nick returned to the booth.

"I'm sorry guys. I should have been here at eleven to relieve you," Nick apologized.

"No problem. We would have needed to stay around for Jennifer to get Jamie up to speed and relieve Susan for her little break, regardless. Besides, it looks like the extra hour did you good. I think we're going to go get a bite of lunch and wander around a bit. We'll be back at two," Jack said.

"Okay. Have fun."

The food court at the convention center was surprisingly decent, and Jennifer chose a salad while Jack got some fast hibachi Japanese. Their fellow diners made for a somewhat surreal lunch-time environment. The men were for the most part dressed normally, but many of the women were in a wide range of clothing or costume, from glamorous dresses such as Jennifer's to skimpy bikinis, from glossy leather dominatrix to nothing but strategic splashes of paint. It was tempting to spend their entire break simply people-watching. Jack brought up the tote board on several attendees, but stopped before long. The range of things he saw on the tote boards was even wider than the costumes, some very interesting, and some a bit disturbing. They decided to wander the floor not long after.

As they began strolling, Jack had a bit of a flashback to the time he had experienced his first visit to Forbidden Indulgences' world of adult toy distributorship. Like that experience, attending an adult industry trade show was just about what you would expect it to be. There were booths selling adult DVDs, dildos, bondage equipment, and every other type of naughty item imaginable. And of course every booth had at least one babe, scantily and or provocatively dressed. None were as beautiful or tastefully hot as the three in the FI booth, though, Jack noted proudly. When he thought as much to Jennifer, she gave him her special smile, then accused him of being just a bit biased.

One of the last booths they passed on the way back was that of the Orgazmoretron folks. It was drawing nearly as large a crowd as their own, and as they walked slowly past, it became quite evident why. Several lovely young ladies were riding the saddle-shaped devices on a small stage, writhing and moaning orgasmically. Only when looking closely could one tell that they were wearing skin-tight body suits that matched their skin tones, rather than being actually nude.

Are they really...?

Yep, for the most part. That brunette in the middle is hamming a bit, but that hot little oriental screaming on the left is about to pass out.

Isn't that...?

Well, the body suits get them past the rules of the hall, barely. They are using the vibration function only, so there is no penetration, and while the display of ' actual live orgasms' is bending things a bit, the only complaint the organizers are likely to get at this point is if they try to stop this.

Yeah. I'm certainly not complaining

--------

After watching for a few more minutes, they returned to relieve Susan. In addition to working their own booth, Nick and Susan had the task of touring the show to buy for the rest of FI's catalog, and to seek some willing ladies to help start fleshing out the library of blow job scenarios for the simulator. So, after Susan ran to the ladies room to change out of what she had begun calling her 'fuck-me' dress and into something more comfortable, she headed off to grab a quick lunch before hitting the floor. Nick would do most of his work on Saturday. Jack told both of them to make sure to walk by the Orgazmoretron booth when they had the chance.

Things went smoothly for the rest of the afternoon, with Jennifer easily slipping into Susan's station and Nick hovering nearby to handle the invitations. The show was not open to the public, so the crowd was mostly industry professionals and media folks, and was fairly well behaved. There was a certain percentage of attendees that either rode in on the coattails of legitimate visitors, or misrepresented themselves in order to gain attendance, but they were the minority. In a show of this type a certain level of lasciviousness was expected and tolerated, but anyone overstepping the boundaries, legitimate attendee or not, quickly received a warning. No second warning was given, the offending party was simply escorted from the hall after their pass was revoked.

Thus the ladies only had to put up with a moderate amount of harassment. The most common question they received was if they had recorded any scenarios for the simulator. Jennifer's response was to give a sexy, enigmatic smile and tell them that there was only one way to find out, then direct them to Jack for the free scenario coupon. Jamie adopted the tactic of putting on an innocent expression and saying something like, "Oh, no, I've never even, you know, done that to a guy." The inevitable response was an offer to teach her, to which she would reply with a coy smile, "I'm sorry, but I already have a teacher in mind." At the time she had left for the floor, the best Susan had come up with was a polite "No."

Entrance to the show was stopped at four thirty, and hall attendants started shooing attendees out shortly after five. By five thirty, the hall was pretty much clear of the crowd, and the FI contingent was gathered back at the booth. Nick was all smiles.

"Great show so far, guys! I think we're definitely a hit. Susan said our crowd looked to be the biggest of the show, and I've overheard several folks say they plan to go on-line and order their simulator tonight! So, as a thank-you for all your hard work, and the hard work coming tomorrow, dinner is again on us. Plus, the show organizers have worked out a special deal for vendors to get discount tickets to the new Sun Circus show, so I've reserved one for each of us."

This announcement was met with enthusiasm from everyone, until Nick added, "Now, this particular show is, appropriately enough, a new adult-oriented one. No one under eighteen is allowed in." This announcement dampened everyone's enthusiasm not one iota. Nick rubbed his hands together, "Okay, then, I'm buyin', so I'm pickin'. We have reservations at the Far East restaurant in the Hotel's Bazaar at seven. The tickets are for the ten thirty show. See you guys there!"

With that, they locked down the booth for the night and headed for the monorail and back to the hotel. After the customary grope-filled shower, then a rush to get dressed and ready, Jack and Jennifer were only slightly late to the restaurant. A smirking Jamie and Susan greeted them at the table. The smirks only grew when Nick and Cassie rushed in a few minutes later.

The restaurant offered an atmosphere and menu that was a conglomeration of several Eastern and Arabian countries, with a bit of fiction thrown in for good measure. No one complained, as the food was exotic and delicious, and their seating arrangements on comfortable cushions around a low table offered them a great view of the entertainment. There were rope climbers, snake charmers and belly dancers, all of whom were quite talented. The dancers were all beautiful, of course, and were able to do things with hips and bellies that Jack didn't think were physically possible. As the dancers' movements were based on age-old dances intended to entice and arouse, though, he wasn't too concerned about what was physically possible. Nor, by the rapt stares from everyone else at the table, including Jamie, was anyone else.

Can you do that?

Jennifer gave a theatrical mental snort. Amateurs.

Really? Then why are your nipples rock-hard?

Jennifer shrugged slightly as a smile pulled at the corners of her lips. Well, I didn't say they weren't _talented_ amateurs.

After dinner they made their way across the strip to the hotel that proudly featured the Sun Circus show in a custom-built venue. They retrieved their tickets from the will-call window, and then found themselves with about forty five minutes to kill. Susan and Jamie headed for the slots, while Jack and Nick searched out the lowest minimum-bet Blackjack table they could find. This being a Friday night in a casino with a popular show, the minimum was still pretty high, and Jack tried for a moment to come up with a way to use Jennifer's power to his advantage, but couldn't think of anything sexual enough. He thought briefly that perhaps just the stunning one-two punch of Cassie and Jennifer would be enough to throw the dealer off, but no luck. The guy was a pro, able to deal normally and ogle the ladies. Still, it appeared that having Jennifer at his side provided at least some good luck. He left the table roughly even, versus his usual losing miserably. Nick left a bit ahead. Jack grumbled good naturedly that the dealer must prefer blonds.

They all met back at the theater's entrance and went to find their seats in the large theater-in-the-round. Jamie and Susan seemed unusually giggly, prompting Jack and Nick to raise an eyebrow. Cassie leaned over and murmured, "I think someone took advantage of the free drinks at the slots."

"Ah," the guys chorused.

Jack had not been to a Sun Circus show before, but he had heard enough about them and seen enough clips on TV to know that this one started similarly to most, with a few performers coming out before show time to entertain the audience. In this case, though, it was also to titillate the audience, as their antics were often suggestive, when not downright dirty.

At one point a clown made up as a lothario came near their table and make a great show of noticing Jennifer and swooning at her beauty. She regarded this with amusement, then shot a quick look at Jack. He shrugged and thought, Go with it, if you want. Have some fun.

With that began an outrageous pantomime between the two, culminating with the lothario kneeling before an imperious Jennifer, lavishing kisses on her high-heeled feet. This was viewed with great delight by the audience that could see what was going on, and lots of standing and craning of necks by the audience who couldn't, quite. It was a bit hard to tell, but the lothario seemed to also be quite enjoying this unique bit of audience interaction, although for all Jack knew this sort of thing happened to the guy every night. As the lights began to dim to signal the beginning of the real show, the clown stood and presented Jennifer with a rose bud as a loud round of applause broke out from the surrounding tables, not the least of which from her own. Jennifer smiled, blushed slightly, and brought the bud to sniff it delicately as she regained her seat.

The show began with an artistic, somewhat surreal, and breathtaking acrobatic routine that was the trademark of the Sun Circus shows. This time, though, the performers were completely nude except for very brief thongs that matched exactly their skin tones. Jack thought that this wasn't that much different from the normal shows, where many of the acrobats wore such form-fitting leotards that they appeared almost nude, anyway. He figured that this fact was part of what inspired the adult version in the first place. They probably figured that enough people were fantasizing about their performers anyway, they might as well go the extra step and make some money off of it.

Jack quickly discovered, though, that all of the acts weren't regular Circus acts simply performed in the nude. The next act featured identical twin young women 'wearing' nothing but long strips of scarlet cloth. They would dance and twirl, and suddenly be bound tightly together in a very suggestive position. They would just begin to perform the erotic act that their position suggested, then suddenly twist to be free again before binging themselves into an even more suggestive confinement. By the end of the performance the audience was very aroused, and very frustrated, as was intended.
