 Chapter 24

Both Jack and Susan were awakened by the feeling of wet, wonderful things happening to their respective members. Jack's mostly still unconscious mind registered that the mouth sucking on his cock was not Jennifer's, and he looked down blearily but still curious and excited, wondering who, or what, she had conjured up this morning to be his alarm clock. It was only when he recognized Jamie did the events of the previous evening - or more correctly earlier that morning - come trickling back into his brain. He wakened quickly after that at the thought that this was the first real person other than Jennifer to have awakened him in such a manner. (Except possibly for Sharron the morning after the hot tub party. He still didn't know if that counted, dammit.)

"Do you wake all of your fellers this way?" Jack asked, grinning down at Jamie. She started, and then removed her mouth to look up at him with a kid caught in the candy jar grin. The nip of her teeth at the surprise of his voice had been half-way down his cock, so he didn't mind it, but he made a mental note that if the same opportunity should ever present itself again, it would probably be safest to speak when his cock was actually not in the girl's mouth.

She shrugged and said, still grinning, "I was awake and he was irresistible. Plus, I figured I owed you a couple of good cums after last night."

With his wish that everyone awake refreshed Jack was now alert enough to do some quick figuring, even with her fondling his balls as her mouth headed back for his cock. "The way I figure it, after the scenario you programmed using remote while learning the simulator, your real blow job while recording the audio-only scenario, then the sex last night, we're even."

She frowned at him in surprise and disappointment and said, "So you don't want me to do this?"

Jack grinned, "Oh, yeah. I just want some breakfast, too."

Jamie continued frowning at him for a moment, then understanding dawned and her frown transformed to an excited grin. Jack laughed at her enthusiasm as she scampered up to throw one leg over his head and gently lay atop him. In imitation of Jack's laying on her earlier, she kept much of her weight on knees and elbows, but Jack wasn't having that. He gently but firmly pulled her down until her entire delicious weight was on him. He then went to work with lips and tongue as he felt her mouth do the same.

Jack ran his hands over the graceful curve of Jamie's back and down to the much more acute curves of her tight round butt. He squeezed lightly and received a pleasant moan around his cock in return. He continued to squeeze, pressing her pussy more firmly to his mouth. He licked up and down her split, on a couple occasions experimentally overshooting his boundary to sloppily lick her bud. Each time he did this her bud would pucker, and he would receive another small moan against his cock.

Encouraged, he moved his hands down her thighs a little in order to bring his fingers within diddling distance of her pussy. Concentrating his tongue action on her clit, he inserted one index finger and received a louder, longer moan. Once that finger was liberally lubricated, he exchanged the other for it, and then moved the slickened finger up to lubricate her bud and slowly, gently push it in. This resulted in a hip thrust, another teeth nip, and a loud, vibrating groan. Taking this as approval, Jack grinned and went back to work with fingers and tongue.

A moment later he was shocked to feel a slender, spit-slickened finger worm its way into his own rear, and it was his turn to buck, driving his cock into her throat for a second, causing her to gag. She didn't let up with mouth or finger, though.

Jack knew that Jamie hadn't had much luck on the receiving end with any of the few inexperienced partners she had so far been with, and had hoped that beyond being highly enjoyable, their earlier round of sex would show her that she was certainly able to, and should expect to, receive sexual gratification with a partner in addition to giving it. However, Jack hadn't really intended for the little minx to take the 'equality' thing this far. He was uncomfortable with the idea of anything invading his exit, although a girl's finger was one of the least objectionable things he could think of. And he had to admit that her slim digit was hitting an interesting spot or two as she wormed it around.

It was also pushing him more rapidly toward blast off. So, ignoring his surprisingly only mental discomfort, Jack went back to work with a vengeance. It was lucky that Jamie was still a bit freshman at giving blow jobs, or she would have easily beaten him. As it was, Jack was able to hold out long enough to eat her to orgasm first, her head and hands frozen as she shuddered against him, then her attack beginning once more while Jack lay back and enjoyed the hot little body laying atop him, working to drink his cum. A moment later she did, and thanks to her finger playing in his ass, it was a surprisingly strong jet. The little trooper swallowed it all, though. She was learning fast.

She lay her head on his thigh as they both relaxed and panted for a moment, then she looked at the clock, said "Oh, shit!" hopped up to don her gown and dashed out of the room. Jack raised an eyebrow at the door as it clunked closed behind her.

Susan, meanwhile, woke much more abruptly, heart beating, as she had never had anyone wake her in such a manner, except perhaps in her wildest dreams. She looked down to find Jennifer calmly straddling her, head tilted down a bit so that she was looking at Susan from beneath her brow, a naughty crooked smile on her face, as her talented vagina slowly milked Susan's shaft. Susan looked further down at their junction to find something even more surprising; Jennifer had a cock of her own, one which Susan quickly recognized as a new type of strap-on that securely held the dildo for the most vigorous of activity while leaving the wearer's pussy open for other activity, sort of a 'crotch-less strap-on'. They had seen it at the show, and Susan was thinking about buying it for the catalog.

Noting Susan's gaze, Jennifer said, "I borrowed it. I thought we should try it out." Susan just looked at her, until Jennifer leaned forward to place her hands over Susan's breasts and lightly press and squeeze for a little leverage, and then started moving slowly up and down on Susan's shaft. Susan's eyes locked with Jennifer's as the gorgeous red head rode her, until she felt her orgasm stirring. She growled in frustration when Jennifer moved off of her then, but spread her legs wide when she saw Jennifer's destination. Jennifer kneeled between Susan's thighs and aligned the tip of the dildo with Susan's opening and slowly pushed it in. Susan moaned as Jennifer's hot cock slowly filled her completely. Wait, hot cock? she thought. She looked at Jennifer in wonder. Jennifer grinned back.

"I take it you forgot the insert this thing has which allows you to add hot water to make it feel more realistic. I assume it feels pretty good?" Jennifer didn't wait for an answer; she had already begun slowly thrusting. Susan just nodded and watched the cock disappear into her a few times, then closed her eyes, laid her head back, and gave herself to the experience. Jennifer didn't disappoint her, building up to a nice fast pace, pumping at it for awhile, then suddenly withdrawing. She pushed Susan's legs together, threw her own leg over, impaled herself back onto Susan's shaft, and started riding before Susan quite realized what was going on.

Jennifer switched back to the strap-on one more time, than back to riding Susan again. Jennifer knew that Susan thoroughly enjoyed being fucked, but hadn't come very close to orgasm from it. Jennifer also knew that she could fuck Susan to orgasm with the strap-on given enough time, but this was supposed to be a quick morning wakeup screw, so the third time back on Susan's cock she rode them both to satisfying, vocal orgasms, most likely giving any folks in the surrounding rooms their own special wakeup call.

Once they had both recovered a bit, she leaned over to kiss Susan lightly on the lips. "Time to go get ready. I hope you had a pleasant night?" Susan could only nod dumbly. "Good. I hope we can do it again some time soon. You still owe me some rubbing and some licking." With that Jennifer hopped up, removed the strap-on, donned her pajamas, blew Susan another kiss, and walked to the door. Susan just stared stupidly after her.

Jennifer cracked open the door, and grinned as a blue silk blob streaked by. She pulled it open the rest of the way and calmly walked to her and Jack's room, Susan's door latching behind her.

Jack lay for a moment, wondering what happens next. He was answered by a knock at the door. He hopped up, still naked, and walked to open it a crack. Seeing it was Jennifer, he stood behind it and opened it far enough for her to enter. She breezed in saying, "No, I didn't forget my key, I just don't have anywhere to put it." She turned and noticed Jack's state. She smirked. "Have fun?"

Jack raised an eyebrow. "You didn't watch?"

"Nope, I was having my own fun."

"How did it go?"

"Mmmmm, very nice." She looked at him, and then her eyes unfocused for a moment, "As was yours. I see." She grinned again. "Does this mean that I can play with your ass now?"

Jack grunted. "... We'll see."

Jennifer gave a theatrical pout, but then stepped closer to wrap her arms around him. "Come scrub my back, big stud, and you can tell me who you want me to send to your room the next time I go screw Susan senseless."

----------

The atmosphere was a little odd for a while after the crew arrived at the FI booth for Saturday's session. Susan looked a bit fearfully at Jack, but relaxed at his cheerful good morning, given with only a slightly knowing smile. Jamie received the same thing from Jennifer. Nick was cheerfully oblivious, simply happy that his second marathon sex session in as many nights somehow hadn't left him completely spent, but actually feeling great.

Things quickly smoothed out as everyone assumed their posts. It had been decided that both Susan and Nick would work the floor most of the day, the rest of them agreeing to work their own booth all day, receiving a break by Susan and Nick so that they could grab some lunch after Susan and Nick took their own.

It quickly became obvious that this day would be a bit different than the previous one. Nick and Susan weren't the only ones hitting others' booths on Saturday. Jennifer politely refused offer after offer to pay her more money to be a booth babe for someone else, or to appear in porn, or to make her a star, etc. Some got pushy or insulting when she refused, but none of those walked away feeling they had enjoyed the upper hand in the conversation, and none wanted to cross wits and words with her again.

Jack, meanwhile, had to deal with vendor after vendor wanting to get in on the distribution of the eFelltrix. Most went away disappointed when Jack informed them that Forbidden Indulgences was here solely to promote the product, not to look for distributors, but one just wouldn't take no for an answer.

"Come on, there's no way that little Forbidden Indulgences is going to be able to handle all of the demand this thing will generate. This sort of thing needs to go through Sexual Fantasies Incorporated!"

Jack knew the name as one of FI's chief competitors. 'Little' FI? What's up with this guy? He asked Jennifer.

He's the president of Sexual Fantasies Inc., which as you know is one of FI's big rivals. From what I can read of him, he is, so far, the most deluded man I have ever met.

What do you mean?

He sees himself as one of the kings, soon to be THE king, of the sex industry. He has his fingers in much of it, including the porn industry. He sees FI as a tiny competitor that he will soon crush.

And are they, we, tiny in comparison?

Hardly! Other than certain lines of adult videos, which he has an inside track on and is thus able to carry as exclusives, FI is pretty much an equal match in sales. He would never admit it, especially to himself, but the simulator has him scared.

So... he decided to come to FI and tell us that we can't handle distributing this incredible product, that he should be doing it instead?

Yup. Such is his delusion.

He has no idea that I am a 'link' to the 'inventor', he just thinks I work for FI?

Yup.

Unfuckingbelievable. What does he possibly hope to gain?

I have no idea. It probably wouldn't be a good idea to antagonize him too much, though.

Luckily at that moment Jack saw Nick approaching the booth. The other guy did too. He harrumphed. "Please excuse me, I have an appointment to keep," and he walked hurriedly off.

Nick came up frowning. "What the hell was he doing here?"

Jack shrugged innocently. "Oh, he was just about to tell me how his company could do a much better job distributing the simulator than FI."

"What?!" Nick exclaimed, shocked. "How did he... did you...?"

Jack rolled his eyes and grinned. "Nick! That moron just came up to what he believed to be a FI employee to tell said employee why FI couldn't handle what FI was trying to do. He's insane! He has no idea of my connection with the inventor. Even if he did, the inventor has a partnership with you guys. He will distribute with no one else unless you say so. And even then, I am absolutely confident in saying that there's not a snow ball's chance in hell he would work with that freak."

Nick breathed a sigh of relief. "Ok. Sorry. It was just when I walked up..." he shrugged and let the comment drop, then looked after the guy and shook his head.

The rest of the morning and early afternoon flew by smoothly until shortly after Jack and Jennifer returned from another adventure in lunch-time dining. Jack, and most everyone else, noticed a guy walking down the aisle in the general direction of FI's booth. He was certainly good looking enough to draw some attention from the ladies, if Jack was any judge of things, but what seemed to be drawing most of the attention was the almost visible aura of ego that wafted around the guy. It was like a miniature black hole, sucking in everyone's attention as he passed.

Who the hell is that? Jack asked.

Jennifer concentrated on the guy for a second. That is Richard "The Cock" Johnson. He's one of the few current well-known male porn stars. And I must revise my earlier statement; HE is now the most deluded man I have so far seen.

Wow, two in one day. Jack was about to ask what made him the new champion, but got distracted by another thought. He frowned. So, he's Dick "The Dick" Dick?

It took all of Jennifer's restraint and poise not to laugh out loud. This was fortunate, because it would have been in Richard's face, as by this time he had noticed Jennifer, his powerful ego focused on her as he approached.

"We... have not fucked yet," he said by way of introduction.

Jennifer did laugh, then. "You've got me there! We certainly haven't."

"I am Richard Johnson. You have heard of me." It was not a question.

"I have."

"Ah, good. That makes things so much easier. So, when may Richard have you?"

Jennifer knew what he meant, but even she was so surprised at the actual asking of the question out loud that she automatically said, "'Beg pardon?"

"If you have heard of me, then you know that Richard is the best cock there is. You cannot wait to experience it. When may Richard make your fantasies come true? If you are good enough, he might even recommend you for his next motion picture. Richard has not seen you before, so you must be new to the business. A fresh face is always good in a production, although it would only be a minor part until you pay your dues, you understand."

Meanwhile Jack was broadcasting dramatic, sarcastic thoughts along the lines of, Must... resist... giant sucking ego!... 

Jack! It's hard enough talking to this guy as it is.

Sorry. So is old triple-Dick really that good?

NOBODY is that good. Except you of course,  she finished with syrupy sweetness as she battered her eyelashes at him over Richard's shoulder as the guy turned to vociferously greet someone walking by. Jack snorted. Can I take him down a peg or twelve, please? She asked in the same voice.

Have at it. I WISH you would. Just don't get us in trouble.

Richard turned back to Jennifer. "So, how about it. I actually have tonight free, so you can experience the full Richard with no distractions."

Jennifer made a regretful face. "I'm sorry, Richard, but tonight is Forbidden Indulgences' VIP party..."

"I know! Richard has received an invitation. Perhaps Richard might attend after all, and then we could..."

"It would be wonderful to see you there, Richard, but I'm afraid I will be there quite late, so I don't know that I could do you justice afterwards," she paused and made a cute frown, "or anytime, for that matter."

"What do you mean? I..."

Jennifer laid a hand on his arm familiarly, "You're right, I am new to the business, and I just don't think I can take that massive unit of yours, at least not until I've had some more experience with some of the smaller guys in order to... work my way up, if you know what I'm saying. I mean, I've overheard some of the other experienced girls talking - you know, from your films and stuff - and even THEY say it's painful when you slam that salami into them and fuck them like a jack hammer, no matter how well lubed they are." Jennifer sighed wistfully, "I'm just not a good enough actress yet to make it look like that feels good." Then she grinned, "Hopefully some day, though! Maybe some day I'll be ready to take Richard 'The Cock'!"

"Uh, okay," Richard said, frowning as he tried to figure out if he should be offended or not. His ego certainly looked to be dampened for the moment, anyway. "I'll, uh, keep an eye out for you." Regrouping slightly, he walked away. Jennifer waited until he was out of sight, and earshot, before she released the delighted laugh she had been holding in.

"That was fun!"

Jack just shook his head with a grin. You certainly can be evil. Was any of that true?

Yup, every word. The guy has the finesse of a rutting elephant.

Hmmm. For the sake of the ladies should we...?

You know, I think they would rather endure the pain as it is, brief in comparison to the torture of enduring his ego if he actually became GOOD at sex.

Ah, very well.

Jennifer turned to greet the next group of visitors.

A little while later Nick returned again, grinning like a fool. The reason for his grin accompanied him; a short, beautiful oriental girl who, unlike Cassie, Jack recognized immediately. "Jack, this is Lotus Jade, a friend of Cassie's. 'Lo, this is Jack Phillips, our media guru and liaison for the simulator." With impeccable, even suspicious timing, Jennifer walked up to them then, having a small break between visitors, "and this is Jennifer Holiday, Jack's girlfriend and assistant..."

"Partner," Jack amended.

"Partner's right. I think she's the true power behind the throne," Nick stage-muttered out of the corner of his mouth.

"You have no idea!" Jack laughed.

"Jennifer this is Lotus Jade, a friend of Cassie's." The ladies exchanged a friendly handshake. "Jack, Cassie has been really talking up the eFellatrix, so much so that Lotus asked if she could come by for a demo, especially of the recording process. If it turns out well, she's interested in being our first... 'guest fellatrix', and will put in a good word with her friends and associates, as well." Lotus just grinned and nodded.
