 Jack woke spooned with a naked Jennifer, his nose tickled by deep red sleep-tousled hair, his morning sausage nestled between two warm buns. He would have expected her to smell like smoke after her previous evening out, but she smelled only of her usual intoxicating spice and desert rose. He lay there for a pleasant while, enjoying the cozy snuggle with his perfect woman.

He also pondered how he should wake her. It wasn't often that he awoke first, and the rule was that the first to wake had to awaken the other in an interesting and pleasant manner. He grinned as he made his decision. It was a little selfish, but that didn't stop him. He made a secret wish.

A still-slumbering Jennifer rolled over and sleep-mounted him. It was a disconcerting, watching her climb aboard him like an automaton, eyes closed, face in expressionless sleep. She rose and in one smooth motion filled her wish-slickened tunnel with his shaft as a sigh escaped her lips, deep sleep or not.

Her unconscious mind took over and she began to slowly move over him. Jack smiled contentedly and relaxed with his hands behind his head, anticipating a long ride. She was starting literally from a dead sleep, and Jack knew that he wouldn't be lasting through four of her orgasms this time. He was aiming for a simultaneous explosion.

As her stimulation slowly built, her face became more animated, and her body more active. Her hands, which had been limp in her lap, came alive and slowly caressed up her taut belly and abdomen to her incredible large, round breasts, where they tickled, than massaged, then mauled the perfect spheres while pulling and pinching nipples as she progressed ever so unhurriedly from a slow, silent ride to a crotch-slapping tempo, moaning constantly while her hair flew around her face. During the same period she rose from deep sleep to the edge of wakefulness, but was not allowed consciousness until the moment her orgasm struck.

As her enthusiastic ride continued with louder and louder moans, increasingly intense tit-mauling, and wilder hair flying, Jack began to fear that he would not be able to hold out. But before he could make the silent wish to assure their synchronicity, her eyes flew open. Her bewildered "Wha...?" turned immediately to an inarticulate exclamation as she came powerfully. So did he.

As she slowed to a stop over him she pouted down through disheveled hair. "You are a very wicked master." Then she grinned, "But I must admit that was a very interesting way to awaken."

At his invitation she lay down atop him and they snuggled for a while, his cock still impaled deeply within her. It softened very, very slowly and reluctantly.

"I sure hope Jonathan and Doreen are already up and about. You're a really loud sleep-fucker."

Jennifer lifted her head from his chest and bit his nipple lightly.

"OW!"

"For your information, they were inspired by my earliest moans, and were too busy to pay attention to the rest."

"Ugh, too much information. Let's hit the shower and get some breakfast."

Scrubbed clean, they climbed to the top floor to be greeted by Kathleen and Ronald and the aroma of freshly brewed coffee.

"Morning!" Kathleen said cheerfully. Ronald lifted his head from the newspaper he had obtained from somewhere to murmur the same.

"Morning, Mom. What do we have available for breakfast?" Jack asked.

"Just cereal and bagels, I'm afraid." Kathleen replied. "We do have both cream cheese and jelly for the bagels. I thought we might stop by the store sometime today and get stuff for pancakes."

"Cereal will be fine for me." Jack assured her, then turned to Jennifer inquiringly.

She thought for a second. "I think I'll have a toasted bagel with cream cheese."

"Coming right up!"

Jack searched momentarily for the bagels. He split one and popped it into the toaster, then pondered his cereal choices; bland stuff full of fiber for adults, or sugary stuff that Zane must have picked out. He grabbed the sugary stuff with a muttered, "Screw it, I'm on vacation." Then he remembered that with his new Genie-tweaked bod, it didn't matter, anyway. He grinned happily to himself as he poured an extra large bowlful.

They enjoyed a leisurely breakfast and cups of coffee while chatting with Kathleen and occasionally Ronald, at least while he was turning pages, until the rest of the family started appearing up the stairs. The first was Cindy, looking relaxed and cheerful.

"Good morning!"

Jack choked on a spoonful of cereal as the memory of Cindy's dream exploded back into perfect clarity from wherever it had been hiding.

"Are you okay, Jack?" Jennifer asked innocently.

"I'm fine," he rasped. Did I really experience Cindy's dream with her?

Yep.

Bad Genie!

She gave a mental snort. You loved every minute of it.

Does she know it was me?

But it wasn't you, it was her swarthy, virile fantasy prince of indeterminate nationality. You were just along for the ride.

Oh. He thought about that for a moment. So that was her fantasy? To be tied down and molested as a slave?

 Well, it's a little more complex than that. As far as just the sex goes, she participated in her three favorite activities; performing oral sex — she really does enjoy it — receiving the return favor, which she obviously took great pleasure in, and being thoroughly, thoroughly fucked. Beyond that, she has fantasized for quite a while about a little light bondage. You know, being tied down, mildly dominated, and enjoyably ravaged. But she's never been willing to give up enough control to pursue it. This was her opportunity.

As far as the rest of the setting, part of it was simply an appropriately exotic locale, and part was inspired by her mostly unconscious anxiety over going through her prime sexual years without taking much advantage of them, especially since she's fairly sure her sexual experience and enthusiasm would allow her to blow the mind of any potential lover who might otherwise be more interested in a younger but much less talented companion.

I see. Well, it certainly seems that referring to her as my 'hot little aunt' is turning out to be quite the understatement.

Yep.

So, would it be safe to assume that she would enjoy further 'encounters' with the prince?

Quite safe. She would love repeated visits to his castle in far-off-wherever, enjoying all that it has to offer a favored sex slave who is slowly but thoroughly teaching her young 'master' everything about what real sex is, until one day she's riding his prone form while he's tied to the bed.

Jack looked at her suspiciously. A sex slave subjugating her master, eh?

That's only her dream, master,  she replied with completely innocent reassurance.

Uh, huh. So, did she really get her massage?

Oh, yes. The 'massage harem' made quite sure that every square 'digit' of her body received just the right attention that each deserved... some of them very,  very thoroughly.

Wow. And... was this harem comprised of men or women?

Hmmm. I don't think Jennifer will answer that question. You'll have to order Genie to,  she replied, obviously relishing flaming his curiosity and arousal through a little wicked defiance.

Aw!

Meanwhile, Kathleen was appraising Cindy with a curious look. Then she smiled, "Good morning, Cindy. Coffee?"

"Yes, please."

"You look like you slept well."

"Oh I did! The best in a long time."

The next up the stairs were Jonathan and Doreen. Jack avoided looking at them. Things... getting... too... weird!

Finally the younger folk trickled up. Once everyone had appeared, it was decided that this would be a good morning for the beach. After the various breakfasts were complete they all adjourned to their separate rooms to change and grab whatever gear they wanted.

Jack already had on shorts and a t-shirt, so it was the work of only a few seconds once they returned to their room to shuck off the shorts and replace them with swim trunks. He then gathered the rest of their paraphernalia while Jennifer headed toward the bathroom to change.

"Why don't you just change in here?"

"A girl must have some modesty," she replied coyly.

He almost replied with a smart-ass remark, but refrained this time.

He had to admit a few moments later that the girl knew what she was about. She stepped from the bathroom in a bikini in her trademark hunter green, a bikini which seemed to be designed to be as skimpy as possible while still remaining fully functional as a bathing suit for an active individual. And he certainly yearned to see the small percentage of her body that the material concealed. He pursed his lips. "Oh, my."

She smiled. "Thank you, Jack. I told Lea to hang on to the blue one-piece until we can go shopping for a new one, and that old one of hers is just too tight. So, I'm reduced to this old thing. I hope you don't mind." She batted her eyes at him.

"The only people who mind will be all of the single women on the beach as you attract the attention of every guy on the beach with roughly the gravity of a black hole. You will protect me when they all want to fight me over you, yes?"

Jennifer laughed and replied, "if that were true, then yes, if you'll protect me form all the women, single or married, who want to attack me because I'm attracting that attention," as she grabbed her beach bag, donned her sunglasses, and led Jack out to the pool deck to gather with the rest of the crowd.

They all trooped down the short board walk and onto the sand and made camp. The older couples set up big beach umbrellas and beach chairs. The younger folks spread out towels and started applying various tanning products. Except Jennifer. She had been oooing and ahhing since she stepped foot on the beach. Now she stood stock still and stared at the ocean, her eyes wide.

"You okay, Jen?" Jack asked.

"Yes. It's just so... big. Like it never ends."

"You've never been to the ocean?"

"When would I have, Jack?"

"Ah, true." He put his arm around her shoulders. "Pretty incredible, isn't it."

"Yes," she murmured in an awed voice.

"You guys okay? Whatcha looking at?" Cindy asked.

"Jennifer's never been to the ocean before."

"Really?"

"Yep."

"Well, what took you so long to bring her out here? You've been here two days!"

"I actually didn't know. We never discussed it."

"You knew you were coming on a trip to the beach, and her never having seen the ocean didn't come up?" Cindy asked incredulously.

Jennifer shrugged absentmindedly, still staring out to sea. "It's one of those things that you don't know is a big deal until after the fact, I suppose. 'A body of water thousands of miles across' doesn't really prepare you for the actual thing."

Cindy's gaze joined Jennifer's for a moment, she gave a small 'that makes sense, I suppose' shrug, and grabbed her bottle of suntan lotion.

Jack stood silently with Jennifer for a little while longer as she marveled at the vista before her. They eventually turned to spread their own towels and apply some lotion, lathering up their own fronts, then each other's backs.

"Would you mind, Jack?" Cindy asked, indicating her back. She was wearing the same bikini as the day before.

"Sure."

Rubbing lotion into Jennifer's silken skin and having her wonderful hands returning the favor already had him firm. Oiling up the back half of Cindy finished the job, even as he tried to ignore the picture of the hands of the 'massage harem' doing similar things. He had maneuvered so that his back was to the rest of the group while performing his duty, and he hoped that this angle, plus his baggy suit, would hide the evidence. Then Cindy turned and her hip grazed his protrusion. They both gasped.

She looked up at him. "That can't be caused by your old Aunt," she murmured.

Jack shrugged and replied with a lopsided smile. "Jennifer got it going, but my hot young aunt finished it."

Cindy looked at Jennifer to see if she had caught what was going on, and found the redhead just grinning knowingly back. Cindy shook her own head, rolled her eyes, and lay down on her towel. Jack sat cross-legged on his own to let things deflate.

Bad nephew! You're undoing all the good her dream did her.

Jack gave a small shrug. Not my fault this time. You expect me to rub lotion on you AND her and not get a chubby? Besides, I think we've already decided that she'll be enjoying more dreams.

You could have hidden it better... or maybe not. Zane had a similar reaction when Lea asked him to do the same. He's embarrassed and hoping that she didn't notice, or at least most of him is. She did, and is flustered and flattered.

Nosey.

Hey, you did ask me to monitor them.

True. Sorry.

Apology accepted. Besides, if this is the dorm, then I don't even need to walk by their open doors. What they are broadcasting could be heard halfway down the hall.

Ah. Oh! That reminds me. I did win the bet, right.

Bet?

Oh, yeah, you weren't there. After I checked in with you last night on Zane's and Lea's activities, I made a bet with Cindy that they were too tentative to go far enough to need any protection.

It sounds like you two had an interesting conversation while I was otherwise occupied.

You haven't caught the instant replay yet?

Nope.

Well help yourself.

Her eyes unfocused for a moment, then, Oh, my. She discovered my spot in the pool, I see. That was very, um, 'thoughtful' of you to let her finish undisturbed.

Jack just grinned.

To answer your question, yes you won the bet, but only barely. If things continue with no outside intervention, that will probably change if they can get their hands on some condoms. Give them credit; they both are unwilling to have sex without them. Zane has been carrying one in his wallet for a couple of years, but he suspects, rightly, that it will fall apart if he tries to use it. He's scheming on how to get away and buy some.

So it's safe to assume that she isn't on the pill?

Jennifer snorted. With her mom? Not a chance. She would see that as giving her daughter a green light to become sexually active. Lea could get them on her own, but she hasn't gotten up the nerve yet.

Hmmm. Okay, so can I tell Cindy that I won the bet?

Give me a little while, then yes. I'll get the story from Lea directly at some point. She's been starting to ask me some questions. I think she wants some advice, which reminds me. If she does ask for sexual advice, what should I tell her?

An all-powerful sex genie is asking ME about sex advice?

No, your companion and lover Jennifer, who is not really experienced at giving this type of advice from the real-world perspective, is asking.

Ah. I keep forgetting about that, what with you being so confident and intelligent.

Thank you!

Um. Jack pondered for a moment. I would say give her advice that would steer her toward a healthy and safe enjoyment of sex. Be careful, not too promiscuous, but within a safe environment-slash- relationship, feel free to explore and have fun. We don't want to stifle her, but we definitely want to help her steer clear of dangerous or destructive relationships. How does that sound?

Jennifer grinned a lopsided grin. A little light on details.

An all-powerful sex genie needs ME to provide details?

Her grin broadened. In this case, no. I'm assuming that you do not want to make any wishes to help with this?

I'd really rather not.

Very well. Why don't you grab Zane and do something manly so we girls can talk.

Okay.

Jack rummaged for a Frisbee and called out, "Hey, Zane, wanna throw?" He held up the disk.

Zane shrugged. "Sure."

They got up and moved down the beach a little ways. Both were a bit rusty, but had the disk flying straight and level soon enough. They still had to do a lot of running around the beach, as the breeze would frequently alter the flight of the disk in unexpected directions. Before long both had worked up a pretty good sweat.

Finally Jack stopped, panting, and walked over to Zane. "Whew! I'm hot. I think I'm gonna take a swim. Up for a little body surfing?"

Zane grinned. "Yeah. Haven't done that in a long time."

They walked back to the girls. "We're going for a little swim and perhaps a little body surfing. Anyone want to join us?" Jack asked.

"In the ocean?" Janie asked, wrinkling her nose.

"Well, yeah. It's kinda hard to body surf in the pool." Jack replied. Janie made a face back at him.

"I'll come." Jennifer said, hopping up. "If you promise I won't get bitten by fish or anything."

Jack grinned. "No guarantees. You are quite tasty in that bathing suit." This earned him a chorus of retching.

"I'll go," Lea said, much more nervously.

"Great!" Jack said. The guys grabbed a quick gulp of water from the small cooler they had brought, and then Jack led the quartet toward the surf. They hopped the waves as they waded in. Lea, being the shortest, was the first to get knocked over. She hopped one, but another close behind surprised her. She went under, but popped up immediately sputtering and laughing, and was able to hop the next.

They made it beyond where the waves were breaking and were able to relax and bob around. It was too deep for Lea to comfortably stand, so she tried to float. The dense salt water buoyed her well, but the swells caused her some problems. Jack finally gave Zane a really big hint by scooping Jennifer up and holding her in his arms. She was nearly weightless in the water.

Jennifer helped with, "Ah, thanks Jack. I was afraid I was going to step on a crab or something..."

Zane observed the arrangement then turned uncertainly to Lea and asked if she would like him to do the same. She bit her lip for a moment, and then nodded. He moved to scoop her up.

So, how did the 'girl talk' go?

Very girlishly.

Ha.

Well, details were lighter than some girls might provide, but that's to be expected from Lea. She's come a long way just to be able to talk about something like this at all. The other girls have absolutely no idea what she sees in Zane, but they are rooting for her. They gave her some advice, some good, some not so much.

Did you steer her straight on the 'not so much'?

Not yet. I will,  Jennifer assured.

What about Zane? That's not really something guys talk about.

Well, I can just make sure she knows enough to steer things in the right directions. You're in charge of making sure he's prepared with condoms.

And how should I do that? Can I just wish a box to appear on his bed or something?

You can do that, if you want. Or you can take him shopping.

Jack snorted. Also not something guys normally do.

Well, I'm sure you'll think of something,  she said in a condescending tone while patting his arm.

In response Jack dug the fingers of the hand supporting her torso into her ribs. She shrieked a laugh and tried to protect her ticklish sides. Failing, she flopped out of Jacks arms, nearly going under as she gained her feet between swells. She splashed him.

Rather than return fire, he simply dove at her, wrapped his arms around her, and took her under with him. The both surfaced a second later, laughing. When they had cleared the water from their eyes, they found Zane still holding Lea, both watching the exchange. Jennifer turned to Jack.

"Well, I'm drenched now. Teach me how to body surf."

"Alrighty. Let's move up to where the waves are starting to break." They paddled a bit closer to shore. Zane and Lea followed.

"Okay, the idea is to wait for a wave to come up behind you that looks like it's about ready to break, then swim as fast as you can towards shore. With any luck, the breaking wave will catch you and carry you along with it for a ways."
