 Assu bends me over the bed and presses her tip against my asshole. My cock is leaking with anticipation. I had often felt the wet and dirty thrills of a woman's tongue inside my ass, but never a cock. I am a little worried, a little embarrassed, and a little drunk on lust. I still can't believe she read my heart and discovered that this is what I truly desired at this moment. I thought I went through all this trouble of finding her lamp to impress the princess, to get rich, to get famous. Yet, here I am, waiting to be penetrated by my futa genie. 

"Are you ready, my Master? To feel my mystic phallus take you?" she whispers behind me. In my delay she kisses my neck and shoulders. Her left hand grips my thigh, while the other hand interlaces with mine.

"Yeah. Pop my boy-cherry, baby." At my command she gives me all of her, slamming her tip right against my prostrate. "Oh, God!" It hurts a little, but nothing that outweighs the pleasure. She was right.

"Oh, Master, you feel so good! Do you feel good?"

"Assu, come here," I turn my head as far as I can. Some things are better expressed between lips and especially tongues.

How could something so firm be attached to such a gentle body? Well, it's not so surprising when I feel her nipples pressing into my back. She's practically penetrating me with those diamond-hard bits too. 

"Can I move a little more?"

"Go ahead, sweetheart."

She starts thrusting steadily, breaking my ass in without a pinch. Our moans sync in pace and volume - she's enjoying this just as much as I am. Every shove pounds my ass into submission, making it easier for her to move, making it easier for her to accelerate our fucking. 

"Assu, it's like nothing I've ever imagined, don't stop!"

"Yes, Master, my ah tight Master. But ah your cock looks neglected ah. Watch this!" She shifts her left hand to mine so she can bring her legs over and grip my cock with her soft soles.

"Shit, you're so hot, Assu! This is so sexy!"

"I know," she giggles. All she has the to do is keep my dick firm, the humping is enough to motion my milking, to guide the footjob. 

Animal moans amidst slapping skin fills the room, growing louder. Every thrust swells our cocks and takes us closer to the edge, until...

"Master, I'm gonna cum!" Her cum floods my ass. I spurt all over her delicate blue toes. Every thrust is another orgasm, another dip into rapture, another load up my ass, another load for her feet.

"Fuck, Assu, ahhhh!" 

We collapse on the bed. Assu snaps her fingers, blanketing us in a haze of pink smoke. When it finally clears, I'm lying clean on my back. Assu rests her head on my chest. Our hands are clasped. Her left leg is draped across my body. Her dick was gone, leaving behind a glistening pussy that kisses my groin. 

She looks up at me "Oh, Master, that was incredible."

"Assu, you're the best. I can't believe how good it was."

"What was better - my dick or my feet?" 

"They were both so perfect. You're so perfect." I inch forward a little, assuming she's getting up to kiss me, but she sits on top of me instead, without leaving my hands. 

"I sense we're not done yet. One look at my pussy got you hard again. I know you want it!" She magically puts it in without even waiting for my response. "Fuck my pussy, Master!" She starts riding me like she has a train to catch. Well, the only train here is the one crashing into her tunnel of love. 

"Assu! Assu! God, Assu!" Her walls are even softer than her soles, but somehow firmer - like a marshmallow vice. "Wait, slow down." I unhook our hands.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing." I grab her ass and pull myself up. "You're just too far away." I bury my face into her breasts, wrapping my tongue around her nipples. 

"Oh, Master, you're right - this is much better." She hugs me tighter with her body, not tight enough to keep me from thrashing into her. "Ah ah ah ah ah yes!"

I spit out her nipples and come up for air - our sex is too overwhelming for me to multitask. "Assu! Assu! Assu, I'm gonna cream that pussy. I'm gonna paint it all white inside!"

"Ah ah ah! Are you sure Master? Are you sure you want to finish in my pussy?"

"Ah ah, well I guess since you came in my ass, it's only fair... Ah! But, this feels to good to pull out now!"

"You don't have to pull out, Master." She puts her finger at the base of my cock and doubles my penis.

"What! Oh, fuck!" I'm gonna burst.

"Twice the dick means twice the desire. Better get him inside before he dribbles." She puts me in her ass. 

Just like that, I'm fucking both of her holes at the same time, and loving every euphoric length of tightness. It isn't just hot, it's mind blowing. Imagine all the fantasies we can have with her magic. Imagine all the crazy ways we can... "Fuck, this is awesome! Assu, I..." She cups my mouth with hers.

We fuck harder, faster, sloppier, until we tip. We scream our peaks of orgasm down each other's throats, her holes filling, our juices mixing. I thrust deeper, lengthening the climax with every plunge. One spurt, two spurts, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. "FUCK!" We collapse with hardly any breath. "That's it, you fucked me to death!" 

"No, you still got one more shot left, Master!"

"What?"

Assu swiftly scurries back, bringing my now single dick to her mouth!

"Wait! No..."

She swallows me whole. Her sucking hurts like hell, but it still worth the pleasure mixed into it. She wraps her tongue around my dick. I just lay there, feeling my cock strike the back of her throat until it finally swallows my final shot.

"Oh, so good." The shallow finish dips me into the relaxed afterglow phase. 

She walks across the bed and lowers her holes to me, spreading both of them. "Look at all the cum you gave me," she simpers. Just before the creampiess are about to drip on my face, she sucks it back in. "No, this cum is mine now!"

"Assu... I..." She shoves her toe in my mouth.

"No, Master, first me." I get up to level our eyes. "Please don't put me back in the lamp. I can be useful in other ways too. I can give you anything you wa..." I shush her with a kiss.

"All I want is to be with you, explore the world with you, when you're not fucking my life away."

"So, you'll be my master, forever?"

"If that's good enough for you. Now, let's go give that princess a good spanking.

End