 Author's note: I'm finding that writing the Hinn series is very rewarding, lots of good feedback from the crowd. The story I wish to tell there is complicated, however, and I've just begun to throw in some hints about 'upcoming attractions', for lack of a better word.

In short, I'm driving myself horny.

To fix it, at least a little, I decided to write a different, much more aggressively paced short story in a different part of the same setting. I hope you enjoy the faster pace - I know I will!

I started this as covering 24 hours - I decided that wasn't going to be enough so - well, it's longer now. As you'll see. Me? Overachiever? Naaaaah...

All people engaging in sexual activities in this tale are 18+. 

*****

The petite, stacked brunette strode boldly into the busy lunchtime restaurant one Friday. Dressed in a thin tan linen suit, an ornate gold and emerald choker and 3" stilettos, only one diner realized that those were the only things she was wearing.

The thin blonde who had been fiddling with her smartphone didn't realize her jaw dropped open at the sight. She'd rarely seen anything sexier, and those were all from professional photoshoots. This newcomer was effortlessly sexy, and she was coming this way.

The blonde's wide-open pale blue eyes locked with the smiling hazel eyes of the brunette. Neither looked away as the brunette came up to the blonde and took a seat uninvited on the other side of the tiny table.

"You might want to screen lock that," the brunette mentioned, gesturing at the blonde's phone. Her alto voice was soft, smooth and dripped raw sex. "Someone might recognize your screen name on Lit. Someone other than me, that is."

The blonde blushed. She hadn't told anyone of her dirty little secret, writing sexy little tales for the perverts, the needy and the willing to read at Literotica. 

"Oh, don't worry about me, I won't tell anyone. I'd hate to see you stop writing! Why, your tales are some of my Master's favorites on the site!"

"M-m-master?" the blonde stuttered questioningly.

"Indeed. I'm his slave, sexually and in all other ways, and he's sent me to thank you for the pleasure he's received from your work. I'm yours for the weekend."

The blonde realized she had never blushed this hard before. Her face felt like it was on fire. 

"It's OK, sweetie. Breathe!"

And the blonde did, a great gasping breath that embarrassed her further, knowing the whole restaurant must have heard her. But no one looked at them, to her puzzled but great relief. 

"Would you like to go for a walk in the park? We'd still be in public, but there would be many fewer people to hear us talk there."

The blonde barely nodded her head in consent, thoroughly shocked and aroused by the sexual dynamo sitting across from her. The brunette's smile grew happier at the confirmation. 

Standing, the brunette put several bills on the table to cover the blonde's order before taking her hand and gently tugging her to her feet. Hand in hand, they walked out the front door, the brunette visibly thrilled, the blonde shell-shocked and aching.

Turning out the door the two silently walked the few blocks to the nearby park. It was very early fall, so while there were still people scattered around the grass and the paths, it wasn't nearly as crowded as it had been just a month before.

Strolling easily, the brunette slipped in next to the blonde and wrapped an arm around her waist. The brunette's smooth maneuver left the blonde with nowhere to put her arm except around the brunette. Feeling the blonde's longer arm tentatively wrap around her shoulders, the brunette purred - literally purred! - and snuggled tighter to the blonde. 

"Now then, sweetie. This is no joke, no trick. I'll do anything you ask me to do for this weekend, until dawn Monday. Anything you ask. Everything you ask. And I'll enjoy every minute of it.

"I know, it's not what you would consider normal, but isn't normal so boring?"

The blonde slowly nodded, still wordless.

"How can I prove this to you, sweetheart? What would you like me to do for you?"

The blonde's mind went wild. She'd read so many stories about masters and slaves, but had never felt like taking a risk to enter that world. Yet, here was a slave walking right next to her. Her slave, if the brunette was being honest. 

"Anything, sweetie. I'm yours right now. Anything you desire, I will be more than happy to do." The brunette's whisper tickled the blonde's ear, her breath warm on the sensitive skin. Then the brunette stretched up to close the last little distance and gently suckled on the blonde's earlobe, skillfully avoiding the diamond stud piercing.

Shivering, the blonde stopped in her tracks and only the brunette's shoulders in her grasp kept her on her feet. She felt the waves of pleasure rush down from her earlobe to flow through her nipples and crash into her clit. Her moan was unconsciously sexy.

The brunette stepped in front to face and look up at the blonde, hazel eyes passionately burning into pale blue. The brunette's free hand swung around and the blonde found herself warmly embraced by the shorter woman. Two small hands slid up the blonde's clothed back and gentle, strong fingers urged her head to bend forward.

The brunette came up onto her toes to close the distance as the blonde bowed her head, touching their lips softly together. Again, passion's flame shot through the blonde, her lips tingling, her nipples throbbing, her sex rapidly moistening. The blonde moaned into her companion's tender lips as the sensations kept growing the longer their lips stayed in contact.

Panting a little, the brunette dropped back to her heels. "Wow, sweetie - that was intense! If that's what a chaste little kiss feels like... Wow! What a weekend we're going to have!"

The blonde couldn't stop shivering. Her breath was ragged, her fine hair lightly sticking to her temples and the back of her neck. "I... I nnn... I need to... to go back to work."

"Oh, sweetie - do you need to, or do you want to?"

Unable to catch her breath, the blonde somehow muttered, "N.. nn.. need to."

The blonde's phone chirped. She'd just gotten a text from work - texts to her personal number gave a different tone. Automatically she checked the message and her eyes popped. "Building closed", "systems failure", "all staff sent home"... 

Apparently reading the screen with her, the brunette said "well, now you don't have to go back to work, do you? How convenient!"

The blonde nodded, and the brunette's smile glowed with her pleasure. "Take me to your place?" the brunette requested. Again, almost brainless from the rapidly growing lust and the shocks, the blonde nodded.

Somehow the two of them made it back to her door. She was horny and nervous, to the point that she had no recollection of how they'd covered the trip. Her hand was shaking badly enough she couldn't get the key in the lock. The lithe, stacked brunette helped her guide it in and open it. Then, they were inside, and the brunette again tugged the blonde's head lower to kiss her.

This time, the brunette's tongue flickered out before their lips closed the last little distance, causing the blonde to moan yet again. Taking the opportunity, the brunette slipped her tongue into the blonde's mouth, searching for another tongue to play with.

The slippery organs found each other in the blonde's mouth and began dancing, lightly caressing each other. Every new touch sent another shiver through the blonde, driving her beyond her self control.

Her hands came up almost of their own accord to unbutton the single button keeping the brunette's linen blazer closed. It opened and the brunette shrugged her shoulders, letting it fall behind her, leaving her large, proud bare breasts, wide dark areola and half-inch long nipples on display, completely nude from the waist up save for the ornate jewelry at her neck.

The blonde broke the kiss to let her tongue slide down the brunette's skin. She was so warm, so soft, so very very tasty. The brunette's head tipped back thrusting her rock hard nipples into the blonde's clothed stomach as the blonde's tongue dug semi-gently at the corner of her jaw, arousing the nerves wonderfully. Both women's sighs were truly delicious.

The blonde suckled on the brunette's throat just below the corner of her jaw. She wasn't being gentle, but the brunette was clearly enjoying the feelings. The blonde's hands clutched at her partner's shoulder blades, fingers spread up and in, thumbs tucked into the brunette's perfectly smooth armpits. She held the brunette as she feasted on that skin, nipping, sucking, licking, kissing - enjoying every little oral caress she paid homage to the brunette with.

The brunette's hands weren't sitting idly by as she was devoured. One hand slipped up the back of the blonde's blouse, caressing her fair skin under the concealing cloth. The other slid to the blonde's hip, tracking down the zipper to her long skirt without difficulty. A moment later and the skirt slid off the blonde's hips, giving a brief little breeze up between her thighs and over her dampening panties. 

The aroma of highly aroused women filled the air, and both responded strongly to it. 

The brunette lifted the waist of the blonde's blouse. Helping her remove it, the blonde let it fall by the wayside, left in a set of powder blue panties and bra. Intended for comfortable wear they still were very sexy on that blonde's taught, thin form, cupping and lifting a small, firm bust and wrapping her waist, her hips, and diving into the gap between her shapely thighs. 

The two squeezed each other closer, feeling skin on skin spike their temperatures and lusts all the higher. Clutching hands, greedy mouths, aching nipples all brushed back and forth between the two even as the blonde slid a long, strong thigh forward between the brunette's linen-clad legs. The brunette took the invitation and firmly ground herself on the blonde's fit limb as their tongues closed back together to dance back and forth in between their mouths.

The epic battle of tongue-on-tongue caresses, of clutching, needy lips, of lungs pulling air deep to draw the lovers closer, grew ever more frantic. The blonde unhitched the linen trousers off the brunette, who stepped back off the blondes thigh before slipping out of her stilettos and the linen bundled around her shapely little ankles. 

The brunette grabbed the blonde's hands and tugged her firmly further into the home, leading them quickly to the nearby overstuffed recliner. Releasing the clasp on the blonde's bra, she pushed the blonde back into the seat. The brunette leaned in and kissed her hard as both their core temperatures spiked, 

Throwing the bra out of her way, the blonde grabbed for the brunette, but the brunette was a split second faster. She ducked out of the blonde's grasp, forcefully pulling the blonde's last garment down over her tight little ass and shapely thighs. The panties caught behind the blonde's knees, and the brunette used that to pull the blonde's ass forward, to the very edge of the seat. 

Dropping to her knees, the brunette slid the cloth down to the blonde's ankles as she parted those gorgeous, thin legs. Bending forward she kissed the blonde's left inner thigh wetly, about half way along that long, clean limb. Suckling the sweet, hot flesh, the brunette worked her way upwards towards the blonde's fragrant pussy, begging for attention as it clearly was.

Another heart-felt groan fell out of the blonde's mouth unconsciously. This was the loudest yet, knowing as she did where the brunette was headed and how she hoped it might feel. The blonde kept praying inside her head that the brunette knew how to treat her - soft and firm and teasing just enough to add to the pleasure without driving her insane with need.

As if reading the blonde's mind, the brunette met the blonde's desires better than the blonde ever dared to hope. Showing unexpected strength, the brunette lifted and spread the blonde's long legs, all but folding her double in the chair. The brunette's pointy little tongue slid from the crack of the blonde's ass up over her tightly clenched hole, across the sensitive taint, and - spread as wide as it could be - lightly along both damp outer lips of her mound. Reaching the blonde's half-hooded clit, the brunette's lips wriggled in through the almost closed outer lips and sealed tight just outside the hardening little bean without directly touching it. Her lungs pulsed, sucking firmly and indirectly on the trapped organ, forcing the blonde to arch her back and try to drive her hips up to reach something - anything! - to help relieve the sudden wonderful ache. 

The brunette handled the blonde's thrusting hips as easily as she would have handled a kitten, preventing her from reaching her suddenly urgent goal. She wanted this to be even more special for the blonde, she felt the need to make it unique in the blonde's experience. Her tongue danced in her sealed lips, flickering back and forth around the aching little man-in-the-boat without touching it yet. Building pressure inside the blonde's sexuality, the brunette kept at the tease even as the blonde grasped the back of the brunette's head, trying to find some way to release the pressure even as the brunette worked to keep raising it.

The two struggled, the only indication their freely sweating skins, the blonde's irregularly thrusting hips, their ragged breathing, and the blonde's constant, soul-deep moans. Both hands on the backs of the blonde's thighs kept the brunette from being able to do anything about the blonde's hands pulling on her hair, but somehow she was able to resist the force the blonde tried to bring to bear, continuing to build and build the pressure on the blonde's sexual needs.

Eventually the pressure built too far, and the blonde exploded in orgasm to relieve the overwhelming need. As she did, the brunette finally ran the whole length of her wet tongue over the proudly erect bean, driving her orgasm higher and deeper than expected. The blonde's aroused scream would have caused her neighbors to get hard and/or wet, had they heard her. No one but the brunette did hear her, and the brunette was already very wet. 

Head whirling, the blonde eventually returned to normal reality, the pleasure sloshing through her body leaving her weak and tingly from head to toes. Humming happily, she stretched, finding herself nude in her bed with just a single thin sheet over her. Looking around, she wondered where her partner had gotten to for a second before the brunette reappeared, carrying a couple glasses of water. "I thought we might need a little water before we continued - thirsty?"

Realizing she was, the blonde blushed and nodded, accepting the glass silently but gratefully. She'd just wanted a sip, but she found herself finishing the glass in one long pull. Chuckling, the brunette handed the blonde the second glass without other comment, which the blonde started to sip at.

"Feel better sweetie?" asked the brunette

Shyly, the blonde blushed a little more and nodded. She didn't know what to say, she'd never felt such overwhelming bliss before. 

"It's OK, honey. I'm happy you enjoyed it - you did enjoy it, right?"

The blonde nodded rapidly, almost comically. "Good, good. I'm so glad you did - I thought you needed a little release." 

The blonde's voice cracked and was full of disbelief, "A LITTLE release?" Her eyes were huge in her head at the thought that it might get more intense than that.

"Yes, sweetie, just a little release. Why, you didn't think we were done yet, did you? Oh, I hope we're not done yet - we've got tons of time to do whatever you would like!" 

The blonde's head swam at that thought. Looking at the alarm clock next to her bed, she realized it was just shy of two PM. All that took less than two hours? It usually took an hour for her just to get home!

"Do you have anything special you need to do this weekend, sweetheart?" the brunette asked. 

Shaking her head, the blonde realized she was going to turn into a puddle this weekend. A very, very satisfied puddle, but still a puddle.