 For new readers the first eight chapters may be found in the Incest category as the first part was primarily incestuous. As the story has progressed it made more sense to place it in the Sci Fi / Fantasy section. Geran and Nicole are two of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse as well as being fraternal twins. Coping with their heritage, future duties, love for each other, enemies at every corner, and being teenagers is overwhelming but they are managing. I invite you to start with the first chapters in the incest section and then coming back here where all future chapters will be located and eventually the other eight moved here as well.

I enjoy constructive comments and emails but really have no patience for trolls or obnoxious comments and delete those from the comment section. I feel the comment section should be for people who are trying to make a valid point and not insulting others. 

The chapters are dedicated to my best friend who departed this world in March of 2015. Howard - I miss you Brother.

*****

Geran and Nicole: Chapter 09

Nicole's Story:

We were just about to leave when a really cute brunette walked through the wall. I didn't recognize her and she hadn't so much walked through the wall as vibrated through it.. We had never met and I knew she had no idea who we were, but the strangest thing was how Geran reacted. His mind just flipped. It had only done that one other time that I was aware of and it was when he and I first made love. This girl was another soul mate for him! Holy Fuck! Cool thing but wrong time! Luckily he was in my mind and I was familiar enough with the process to complete his teleport. I heard her call out the usual good guy mantra, "Hold it you two!" and then when we were home.

I was fucking stressed and tired. I brought hubby back from fantasyland. "Come on Casanova, shower and bed. You can go fuck Miss Ghost some other time. I dragged him into the bathroom, stripped us both and we showered, dried off, and headed back into the bedroom to sleep and recharge.

Mom was sitting on our bed reading a book. She looked at us. "Well, at least you two are safe. In case you're wondering, tomorrow is Saturday so we'll have plenty of time to discuss your 'walkabout' in the morning. Good night." She rose off of our bed and started to the door. Changed her mind and came over with her arms outstretched. She hugged us both very tightly. "You two are more important to me than anything!" She whispered in an emotionally breaking voice. "I don't tell you things lightly and I want to protect you. I can't lose either of you. Do you realize I haven't even slept since your abduction?" She let go of us and hurried for the door wiping her eyes.

I looked guiltily at Geran. "Let's get some fucking sleep." I whispered not trusting my voice.

"Yeah, sounds like a plan." Geran told me.

We got into bed, naked, and he was on his side facing me. I rolled away from him and pressed myself tightly against his strong frame. His arm wrapped around me and we drifted into a troubled slumber. We dreamt of demons of incredible power and hideous shapes slicing us into small pieces and devouring us alive. Around three a.m. I woke to see Mom slip into the room and get in on the other side of Geran. Her arm reached across him until she was holding my arm. We fell back into a dreamless slumber.

One thing I liked about Mom sleeping with us was she could cause us all to wake at the same time. Today was a little different. I woke up with Geran cumming in Mom's mouth. I smiled at them, "Ok you two, we've got a big day so let's go get some fucking breakfast and get to it because I want my turn later."

Mom and Geran grabbed me and each one put one of my nipples in their mouth. "Oh FUCK! You two are assholes. SHIT! NO you fuckers! Geran, get your fingers out of my fucking pussy! SHIT! Yeesssssssss! K - Make it quick!."

The wonderful orgasms started and I let them listen to my song of moaning and swearing. Geran shoved his beautiful cocks into both my holes and reached a nice hard tempo. Mom latched her lips on my clit and the two of them drove me insane for the next hour or so. Geran and I had our minds merged and we could feel each other's pleasures and fantasies. He was learning to cum when I did and not have to stop. It was an awesome gift to give him. He was also learning to make my orgasms more powerful and when he finally filled me with his wonderful hot jizz I had the most wonderful orgasm of my life.

I tried to look pissed off at them. "Can we go eat fucking breakfast now?!?"

They laughed. Geran handed me a pair of shorts to wear. "To keep the cum in you, Sweetheart." He and Mom put on a pair each as well.

We all helped cook breakfast and pretty much had it eaten by the time we were done cooking. We had talked about all kinds of enjoyable things leaving the past week in the closet for now. It was a really nice family time. We watched a bit of TV while we digested our morning feast and I think each of us was collecting and organizing our thoughts for our confab. Being the most impatient of us I broke the silence first.

"Well, are we gonna start this fucking meeting or should I go take a nap?" I eyed both of them. Mom looked at Geran.

"You still haven't done anything about her foul mouth have you?" 

He shrugged, "It's part of her charm." He winked at me and let me hear his thought *Hot girls swearing are sexy sometimes.*

She stood, "Gather everything up and let's go to the conference room in the basement. And before you start with the dumb questions, it's the game room."

Twenty minutes later we were spreading out papers, pictures, and getting videos loaded into the projector. Mom looked at us. "Geran - do I need to put a shirt on? Pay attention!"

Geran looked sheepish - but not much. Having two sets of gorgeous bare boobs in the room was a powerful distraction for any male. "Yes, ma'am."

"OK, even though you two won't like it I want your reports first. I can see a lot more of the puzzle than you and if your pieces fit anywhere into it, it will help me know what to tell you and which direction to have you look. Nicole, I would like you to start and Geran you fill in any gaps or thoughts or your own."

"Shit, Mom! Why do I have to start? Geran's the one who likes yapping!" That got me a mild kick under the table.

"One: because you have a more military approach than your brother. Two: because you were the one with the uneasy feelings and I need those explained. Three: because there were more than the hot chick there last night in full force and you didn't realize it. Four: because your brother slipped into la-la land as soon as he gazed on little Miss Phase Panties. Five: because I'm your mother and I fucking told you to go first."

Geran got a thrill out of her cussing. She does it so rarely. "Yes, Ma'am." And for the next two hours I detailed our adventure with Geran jumping in every so often. When we got to the no-no books Mom looked impressed.

She looked carefully at the pictures and muttered quietly. "This is one room even I can't get into. And you two brats just waltzed in. How? You have my blood. You shouldn't have been able to get past the threshold." It was a rhetorical question so Geran and I kept quiet and let her look at the images and ponder.

"Let me see those two stones Meister gave you." She held out her hand. We surrendered them. She scrutinized them for quite a while. "They may have helped but they aren't enough to get you in. It must be your Horseman aspect allowing you passage. Geran, you noted Nicole's aspect was showing a little, didn't you?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"I'm VERY impressed and proud of you two! Ok, we need to go through these pictures. Not in detail it would take weeks and I've got other resources to do that kind of legwork for us. Open your minds and lets share what sensations and small things you noticed but don't realize you did. We'll go through the Black Library at double speed and skim titles. Most of these you should be able to read even though they're in dead languages - Horseman benefit - the rest I should be able to decipher."

Our minds merged and we retraced our steps. There were about eleventy thousand things we missed. Seeing through Mom's eyes we saw what we were oblivious to before. Traps, recorders, phantoms, the books themselves we looking at us for fuck's sake. Geran and I felt like complete bumbling amateurs by the time we finished.

Mom looked at us sympathetically and with compassion. "OK, so now we know. They have your faces and probably know who you are by now. I'll get these stones beefed up so you will have some protection. I'm going to teach you how to sense danger so next time they come after you you'll have time to react. Nicole, you'll be better at that since you already get uneasy when there's danger. By the way - the two things you sensed were the books themselves, and the entities the other powered entities were fighting. The books were by far the more dangerous situation and at least you two had the sense or luck not to touch any of them!

"I would like you two to take a copy of the video file back to Meister. I'm certain he's expecting it. I'm certain he's sensing he's getting close to fulfilling his dream of getting to have sex with me at long last. That final favor will have to be for a tremendous amount of help on his part. Geran take a picture of me right now - he's never seen me topless either. Give it to him when you think the time is right.

"I still don't know who is behind the whole enterprise or exactly what they want. I have found they have recruited some heavy hitters so we need to do the same. Two of the players you will need to watch out for are code named East and Throat-slitter. Here are their dossiers. Read them thoroughly because either on is capable of taking you out. By that, I mean they can kill you without breaking a sweat. They have trained for more years than you've been alive so don't take it personally. In twenty years people of their skill level will be of no worry to you. You have a lot of training to do and you still need time to enjoy being teenagers.

"Last, I will have words with Dean Carter and get her to beef up the security. I will add my own spells to it as well to keep better tabs on you. She has emailed you the assignments you missed last week but I don't expect you to work on them this weekend. I want you to hold off on trying to transfer to Miskatonic for now. The place is protected, but it's like sitting in a forest fire to avoid drowning. There are things in Arkham that should never be disturbed and the two of you are an enormous disturbance.

"Here is my assignment for you dear ones. Stay safe, stay off the radar, wear these bracelets - they will give you 'normal' auras, not disguise you, not make you disappear, you'll just blend in - and last is to get some new allies."

We waited. She was toying with us. I (Impatient again) blurted out, "Well shit Mom, how do we do it? Go to fucking Wal*Mart and look in the 'allies" department?"

Mom smirked, "Not at all silly child! You two will need to begin some serious work."

I slumped in my seat. "Fuck. What do we have to do?" I asked resigned.

"You need to find the Third Horseman: Pestilence."

Geran and I looked at each other. We both had the same thought: that mission will have to wait for a while.

We showered and dried and dressed. Jeans and sweaters. Geran teleported us and our stuff home and then back to Meister's office. Geran patted my butt and then knocked on the door.

"Come in, kids! This is getting to be a bad habit. Maybe you should request quarters here."

Geran pushed open the massive door and we made the thirty-two mile journey to his desk. He could use a smaller office. His eyes were on me of course and he seemed irritated I was covered up for once.

I smiled apologetically as I plopped down on the big ass chair. "Sorry, it's fucking cold out!"

"I can always raise the thermostat in here." He said with a pervy smile. "Besides, I'm gonna need payment for the research I've done."

Geran got his phone out of his pocket to send Mom's pics to Meister. I reached over and put my hand on his phone and shook my head. I grabbed the bottom of my sweater and pulled it over my head and shoved it behind me on the chair. I made certain my breasts had extra jiggle in them for his entertainment. "Good enough for now?" I asked pulling on my nipples.

"Yeah! That'll work! They are perfect!" He kept staring at them. Fine by me. I liked being topless. "So here's what I found out. There are nearly 8.000 arcane books, texts, scrolls, and grimoires in that room. Someone's been very busy collecting. I had no idea they had that many tomes squirreled away." He drummed on his fingers on his desk. "Yes, that means I don't have access to that damn room either. And no, I didn't expect you two to be able to get in either. You threw a mighty wrinkle in a lot of peoples' plans by walking in there. Then you walk out with an inventory of the room.

"At any rate, I am unable to make out any identification of the mausoleum wall. If there's anything hidden in those crypts it will take someone with more skill than I have to figure it out. I did determine the Claire Bible is not there. I think the Black Bible is. A lot of the titles on these books seem to be puzzles and they may need to be pulled from the shelf in a certain order or stacked a certain way to get the actual book.

"Some of these books are bound spirits. Touch them and they manifest and attack. I don't even know how you managed to get a video. How did you get this info and escape safely? It is not something that is possible. And yet here it is. 

"If you feel like going back here's a shopping list of items I would like and their location." He slid a piece of paper across his desk. Geran reached for it. He has a better knowledge of the books than I do.

Geran read the list and commented, "You sure? Some of these should be flat out destroyed."

"Sure I'm sure! I got ways to handle things like this. You think I just sit here all say looking pretty? I been preparing for these books for years even if I never found them. And I wouldn't except for sending two damn kids on a fool's errand." He shook his head again and thrummed on his desk. He pressed a button with a sausage sized finger. Fuck this dude is big.

A chime dinged and a voice said, "Yes, Lord?"

He spoke, "Bring a meal for me and two others. Plenty of booze and couple bottles of Coke. Bucket of ice. And those special cookies."

"Yes, Lord."

"By the way, did you have any difficulty entering the Black Library? Very few have been able to enter and even fewer able to leave. Fewer still with their minds intact. Supposedly, it was built in a non-Euclid fashion to be able to house the books and the books themselves are powerful enough to kill or drive some insane."

We looked at each other. Geran replied, "It was odd but we didn't have any of those issues. I get the impression you didn't expect us to be successful."

He ignored the comment and then pulled out a thick stack of photos taken from our videos. He started shuffling them and placing them on the desk. I was getting bored and got up and wandered around his office, looking at pictures and artifacts and shit. Geran and Meister were yapping about the books. One wall had several display cases of weapons. I spent some time admiring them until the food showed up.

About ten people brought in trays and trays of good smelling things. They set the spread on a large table and laid out plates, silverware and such. I made my way over and grabbed a plate. Let's see. A hunk of beef, potatoes, some poached salmon, rolls, butter. Crud, my plate was full and there was more to get. 

Meister laughed, "You eat more than me. Do you know why?"

"Fuck off! I eat because I'm hungry and I have a high metabolism." I growled at him digging in.

"Child, your power comes from within. Food is a primary source of recharging you. There are other ways but food is a quick way for you." He began shoveling it in. I bet there were forty or fifty pounds on the table.

"OK big boy, let's see if you're right." I started REALLY eating. By the time the table was clear I had put away about twenty pounds of it. I stood and looked at my belly. No bulge. My stomach was still flat and toned. I had forgotten I was topless. I made some nice movements which made my boobs sway and jiggle. I walked behind Meister and pressed my boobs into his back rubbing them back and forth.

"So Grampa, what say you let me pick out one of those nice shiny weapons for my collection? Hmmmm?" I was laying it on thick for the fucker.

He stood up and took my hand. "Why not? But I will do the picking." We walked over to the cases and he peered in them until he saw what he wanted. He opened the case and pulled out a fairly large sword. The blade looked like it was made of blood. He was damn quick and sliced my hand with the blade. "Hold still!" He bathed the blade in my blood. "It is now yours. You can fling it into another dimension and summon it anytime. No one can use it but you. And yes, it is made of blood. Dragon's blood."

"Hey, thanks Meister!" I gave him a big hug. 

We all went back to his desk to wrap up the bookroom data. I decided to thank him more properly. I strolled around to his side of the desk and plopped in his lap. I lifted up my shirt and pointed at my boobs and asked, "Say, Meister, you got any potions or gadgets that will make these get a cup size bigger?"

He handed me a clock. "What the fuck is this?" I asked.

"Time. Now be patient and they will fill out on their own." Fucking dickhead!

Speaking of dickheads my useless brother was chortling at Meister's so called humor. Fuckers. "Are we done here, dammit?" I growled at them. Geran tossed me my sweater. 

"Yeah, we didn't learn much but every bit helps. Let's go see if Mom will be more forthcoming. Thanks for everything, Meister!"

"Sure thing kid. Bring back hot tits anytime!" He slid one picture across his desk. "If I was you, that's the one I would grab next time."

Geran looked closely at the image; nodded; grabbed my hand and we left. He 'ported us home. Geran called out, "MOM? MOM! You here?!"

She called up from the basement, "I'm down here and quit bellowing like a dork!" I burst out laughing.

"I fucking said so, didn't I?? Dork!" I smacked his ass and ran down the stairs calling out, "DORK! DORK! DORK!" I also whipped off my sweater and threw it behind me, hopefully smacking him in the face.

We got to the basement, and Mom was there waiting for us to settle down. She gave Geran the floor and he filled her in on the blah blah blah we learned from Meister. It didn't take long. Geran looked at Mom. "Don't you think it's time for you to shed some light on what we're dealing with here?"

She sat quietly for a minute. Sipped her coffee. "I'm going to tell you some things you need to know. You are aware you are entities known here - and by here I mean the Judeo Christian portion of the world - as Horsemen of the Apocalypse. In Scandinavia you might be known as Gods of Ragnarok. You get the idea. You have a great deal of responsibility to be the architects and engineers of the Apocalypse. Those skills and responsibilities are coveted by many and there is a tremendous desire to prevent you from many more. The fact you are actual brother and sister, have access to a few of your demonic powers, have untapped angelic powers, have vampiric powers, and a battery of other unique powers makes you two very desirable prizes. I won't be able to protect you all the time so you will need to find allies.

"Geran, your sister is correct in telling you to get moving on stocking up your harem. Do it quickly! What about the fortress you have planned?"

"The plans are finished. Contractors are lined up. Going after the cash next." Geran informed her.
