 Welcome to the tenth chapter. The twins begin to get some of their own plans in motion and find a little time for recreation. Comments, votes, emails welcome.

Reminder: Chapters 1 - 8 are in the Incest category temporarily.

Howard - I hope you like it.

*****

Geran's Story:

It was now my favorite time of the year: October. I love the cool mornings and warm afternoons. Nicole and I were getting accustomed to married life. She had moved nearly all her stuff into my room and redecorated a few things as well. 

I had finalized the designs to modify the empty school building into our fortress and had all the costs and estimates in hand. I now just needed the cash to make it happen. I had a plan for that too. I needed Nicole's help to make this happen. I found her outside soaking up the rays of the autumn sun.

I rubbed her breasts, "Hey, I need you to help me on the BIG PROJECT."

She opened her eyes and stretched. "Can you not be such a dork for once and just say you need me to seduce Meister so he'll help us steal a few billion in cash?"

I was only mildly surprised. "When did you pull that out of my mind?"

"From day one. So everything is ready now?"

"Yep, get dressed and let's go make some money!" I held out a hand and she took it. We went upstairs and she grabbed a tight shirt and a pair of Daisy Dukes. She put her hair in a ponytail and announced she was ready to take one for the team.

"Of course it doesn't hurt you've been fantasizing about this day either." I commented.

"That's very true!" She gave me a peck on the lips. "Let's go!"

And we were at Meister's door knocking. We waited a few minutes and knocked again. We had figured he had a teleportation device that allowed him to get back to his office and maintain the illusion he never left it. "Come on in, kids." We heard his usual gravelly voice. A minute later we were sitting at his desk making small talk. He ordered us some beverages.

I laid out my plan of teleporting into nine different drug lord's hideout, finding their cash and teleporting it out and directly to five Swiss banks and four banks in the Cayman Islands. I showed him the blueprints and was getting into the details of the heist when he stopped me.

"It's a good plan, Kid. Why are you showing me?"

I explained, "Nicole and I aren't enough to blast our way through and make the theft. We need some more muscle backing us and you're built like the Hulk and probably almost as strong and invulnerable. Plus you're what? Nine or ten feet tall?" Meister nodded. "I was hoping to employ your services to help us out. I am offering a third of what we take."

He looked at the papers, took a swig of beer, and said, "Kid, does it look like I need money? You gotta offer the customer what he needs or wants to make the sale."

I had expected this and knew we were just playing games at this stage. He wanted to fuck Nicole or Mom. "Well, I have access to the tomes in the Black Library, a couple of spell books..." I began. Nicole was radiating sex appeal and the room was filled with her pheromones. It was taking every last bit of my willpower not to jump her right then and spoil our plans.

"I'm not interested in spells." He cut me off. "Look Kid, look at the size of me. You think I get any action? Not to mention I ain't the prettiest of men. I try to get a hooker and she's dead before I get two thrusts. I hear someone in this room is capable of taking a lot. And she's drop dead gorgeous to boot. How about one hour with her for every joint we knock over? You can keep the money."

Nicole took over the conversation at that point, "You got a deal Gramps! Let's get you the first four hours right now." She stood and walked over to his side of the desk and gave him a magnificent strip tease. "Get your clothes off or this won't work! You forget how this is done, Limpy?"

He gave her a dirty look and a growl and began stripping. When he was naked Nicole tapped me mentally, *I hope I can take it. That thing is as big as my thigh!*

*It's not quite that big and you've got that magic pussy. You'll be fine.* I hoped.

Nicole walked up to him and put her hands on his erection. "This looks like fun! So what position would you like to try?"

He was stroking himself staring at her nude body. He shoved everything off of his desk onto the floor. His desk had a very glossy smooth surface. "Lie on your back on the desk." She did and kept her legs tightly closed looking like a coy slut. He grabbed her knees and roughly spread her legs. She was wet and waiting for it. He put the head of his massive rod at her opening and began pushing into her. 

She began making the most guttural throaty noises I have never heard coming out of her throat. I merged minds with her. She was being spread and stretched further than she ever had before. I could feel an orgasm building up in her like a volcano getting ready to erupt. I clamped down on it and let it build well beyond where she should have climaxed. He bottomed out fully inside her to the hilt. She was screaming and wanting to cum very badly. I held it a minute more and then let it explode. Her eyes were like kaleidoscopes and glowing. Now that it broke loose she was in a state of constant orgasms.

I loved watching her. She was so amazing. Her breasts were swaying and bouncing. Her head thrashing throwing her hair around, her thighs getting forced apart every time he shoved forward. She had the most erotic moans and grunts. Around thirty minutes into it she was riding him for all she was worth looking even sexier with sheen of sweat all over her. An hour later he was pounding her doggy style and came for the first time deep inside her. The next few hours were an erotic dream. They fucked like titans. Even when she passed out he fucked her like a rag doll. I took pictures and jerked off several times.

They finally finished after five full hours of intense sex. Meister actually looked tired. The desk was covered in sweat and other juices. He collapsed into his chair and ordered several gallons of Gatorade to be delivered. Nicole attempted to crawl seductively across the desk to me but her hands were sweaty and the desk was very slick so she promptly slid and fell in a heap on the floor.

I heard a loud, "MOTHER! FUCKER!" at my feet. I helped her up and into the chair and didn't laugh. Much. 

She was sweaty and gaping open. Her chair was rapidly getting soaked from all the cum leaking out of her. She was sitting with her legs spread wide and still breathing heavily. She was sweaty and still having mild orgasms. The Gatorade was delivered and they each drank several gallons each.

They looked across the desk and broke out laughing. Meister looked at me and said, "Shit Kid, you're getting the raw end of the deal. I'd double the number of hits for what this girl did to me. Nicole, you have to be the hottest fuck on the planet!"

"Thanks, Gramps! You're not so bad yourself. Although I'm gaping wide open. It'll take me a couple hours to get back to my usual tightness."

He squinted and pointed at his desk. "Nicole, Sweets, we cracked my desk. I might have this whole desk put in a display cabinet with a spotlight on the crack." He laughed some more. "Damn, I haven't had that good a time in who knows how long! You kids grab a shower and a nap. There's a guest room behind that cabinet. Lift up the dagger with the blue hilt. I'll wake you in six hours, we'll grab a bite to eat and tackle the first four targets."

He walked off to a different cabinet whistling with the log between his legs swinging back and forth and disappeared behind another secret door. I picked up Nicole and carried her into our guestroom. There was a fully stocked fridge with sandwiches and drinks. We indulged and then took a shower. Afterwards we snuggled in a very comfortable bed and I held her tightly and nuzzled her neck. She was already asleep. 

Gentle chimes woke us six hours later. We had combat clothes waiting for us in the bathroom. They were bulletproof and had pockets galore. Some were stuffed with small weapons and some had little gadgets. We got dressed and went into his main office. He was waiting in similar clothing. There were a bunch of handguns and a few rifles spread out on a table with holsters and straps. "Suit up, Kids. You need to look like standard mercenaries."

We each put on two pistols and slung a rifle over our shoulders. I asked, "Everyone ready? First target here we come!" We shimmered into a large, very dark room. We broke out flashlights. Bull's eye! We were in the safe. There was probably a ton and a half to two tons of cash. There was some gold as well. "Everyone stay close. This one is easy!" I gathered my power and spread it out. We shimmered and appeared in a brightly lit room in a Swiss bank. The bank manager quickly walked in and began shoving papers at me to sign. Ten minutes later we were materializing at the second target. 

Damn, we were in a living room. I checked my maps. "It looks like we're two levels too high. We need to find some stairs."

"Kid, we go wandering and we're gonna run into trouble. Be ready for Plan B." Meister whispered at me.

We moved like shadows in ink and found stairs to take us down one level. Meister whispered again, "Get us directly over the room. Then I'll get us in and be ready to get us out of here."

I nodded and moved us into position. I gave him thumbs up. He raised his arms over his head and slammed his fists into the floor. The entire house shook and he broke through about two feet of reinforced concrete. 

"Keep 'em offa me while I get us in!" He started really smashing then. Nicole and I unslung the rifles and took up defensive positions. Within three seconds gunfire was drowning out the floor shattering punches. Ten seconds. All of us were taking hits but the armor was very good stuff. I figured it had some metal reinforcement in it. Twenty seconds. Nicole and I were each on our third clip. Our ski masks and helmets were keeping our identities safe I thought. Twenty five seconds - "GO!"

We jumped into the whole and I got a bead on the size of the stash. Then we were in Switzerland again. This was a second bank and they were ready for me as well. This haul was a full three tons. I asked for a few gallons of refreshment before we left. We hydrated ourselves and got ready for the third target. 

We made this jump closer this time. We were on the outside of the room. The guards were surprised to see us and more surprised when we killed them. Meister ripped the door from its hinges. We hurried in and blipped ourselves and our loot to bank number three.

Last target and in we went. These guys were ready for us. They must have gotten wind from one of the other hits. We were in the room with about twenty armed guards. We opened fire on them just as they started shooting at us. The firefight lasted about three minutes. Without the armor it would have been over in three seconds. We killed all of them and I had the pile sized. This was the largest pile of the four. We shimmered into bank number four. This one in the Cayman's. It weighed in at five and a quarter tons. We estimated combining all four we now had approximately six billion dollars. The banks put all the cash into accounts and then fed some US banks accounts money as needed. We also were going to take a billion or so and convert to precious metals.

We went back to Meister's office and returned all the gear. I held out my hand to shake his. "Meister, we couldn't have done this without your help. Thank you very much! I want to wait for the hornet's nest to cool down a bit. Everyone we hit today was in Mexico and South America. Next week we'll hit Southeast Asia. Thanks again! We're heading home now."

He shook my hand. My hand looked like a baby's hand in his. "Kid, like I said, I got the better end of this deal. I can't wait for the second round with your sister!" He gave her a kiss on the top of her head. And then we were in our bedroom.

I powered up our laptop and began shifting money from accounts to other accounts. I put a sizeable amount into my contractor's account with instructions to begin work on the fortress. Work was to commence and go 24/7. I put in orders for equipment, vehicles, weapons, defensive systems, you name it. In less than three hours I spent over three billion of our loot. Most of what I was paying for was secrecy and keeping my purchases off the radar. It was worth it. 

When I was done I found Nicole working out in the FROG. She was only wearing a g-string. I watched her wiggle and sweat. "You're doing that on purpose." I told her.

"You caught me. My whole workout program is designed to make you horny." She told me sarcastically.

"You're starting to get a six-pack," I observed.

"Yeah, I know. You like it?" She was huffing and puffing.

"I do. But stay toned, not bulked. You're a goddess sexy toned, but I don't want you looking like a man." I offered. She stuck her tongue out at me and stood up. She flexed a few poses. "You're absolutely perfect. You've got such long legs. Your boobs look a little bigger, too." I told her.

She squealed in delight and bounced over to give me a big hug, "You noticed!! I'm so impressed!! My C-cup bras which I never wear are a little tight now and the D-cups which I never wear aren't as loose. I may be a full D-Cup by graduation!"

I got on my knees and licked her sweaty tits. She scolded me, "Uh uh. We're going out tonight. By the way Vince has a new squeeze he wants us to meet soon. Guess I'll need a new fuck toy. Got any suggestions? Someone with a massive cock who can fuck me senseless while you watch? Hmmmmm?" 

I licked her nipples and stood up, "You are an awesome slut wife." 

"I know. I'm grabbing a shower while you change. We leave in thirty minutes." She grabbed my hand and led me back to the main house. I decided to wear something different tonight. I went with a blood red shirt and black slacks. Apparently Nicole had the same idea as she came out of the bathroom in a bright shiny red mini skirt that went about a third of the way down her thighs and a red silk top tied below her breasts.

She twirled, "You like it?" 

"You look fabulous!" I commented. "Ready? Where are we going?"

"We are going to some parties on campus. I'm tired of busting my ass and getting my ass busted so we're going to go let off a LOT of steam! We're going to dance and drink and smoke some primo weedo and get laid. Probably a lot of times on each of those. And you have to fuck and commit at least three hotties to your reserve harem. And I want to watch you fucking them. Besides, we're young and getting powerful and now we're richer than shit so let's go abuse some power for one night. Any questions?" She asked giving me a look that dared me to ask a question.

"Well... Which party do we start with? It's a Friday night and there have to be at least twenty parties on campus and probably double that off campus."

"We split it up. I think we should crash a frat party, a sorority party, a nerd party, a jock party, and ..."

"OK, ok, stop there. It's only one night. We will be lucky to crash three parties much less all the ones you want to go to."

"Yeah, maybe. You have to take me to dinner first anyway. You need to invite Celeste over to our apartment so we can both fuck the shit out of her. I'm getting hornier and hornier. Sometimes I get worried about it. Do you think I should be such a slut? I mean, I really enjoy sex, but it's almost all consuming anymore." She just blurted out the last part and hoped I wasn't paying attention.

"I wonder about it sometimes too. Let's enjoy tonight and then look into it tomorrow. Sound good?"

She kissed me and groped my crotch. "Very! Let's go!"

Mom Interjects

Geran has been harassing me to write some of my own secrets and experiences. I suppose it is a good idea to have the information somewhere besides my head. Some of what I relate here will undoubtedly anger some who read it. I expect my son in particular will find some of this inflammatory. However, since I am unaccustomed to writing or expressing myself I will keep my portions of this story to a minimum.

My agenda had taken a very long time to figure out and finalize. The fact I needed others bothered me to no end. I spied on countless angels until I found Angela. Being an angel of the highest order she had no real name so I named her Angela in my mind. Silly name, but it fit. The biggest problem with Angela was she was female. It took me centuries to perfect a male form capable of impregnating an angel. 

I kidnapped, tortured, and raped Angela repeatedly until I impregnated her. Due to our incompatibilities this took centuries until she gave me what I needed. I aborted her most of the time and raped her again until she gave me a Horseman embryo. Occasionally I saw potential in the offspring and would allow them to live. There were maybe a dozen that I let survive. Several females and a few males grew up on earth and I lost track of them while preoccupied with my project. 

I then cast several spells to split the embryo into identical twins that were still Horsemen. Unfortunately, they were the same Horseman and would end up killing each other in the womb. No one had ever given birth to more than one Horseman. It was a way of keeping the Apocalypse at bay. I cast a multitude of spells to change them to fraternal twins however, the identical twin abilities stuck and one changed sex - no - I will never reveal which one. Worse than that they were now soul mates which would cause countless issues down the road. I didn't dare tamper anymore and I didn't think Angela would survive another decade or two of raping and aborted pregnancies.

After they were born I allowed Angela to bestow her blessings on them before taking them away to raise on Earth as 'normal' children. I did summon some demons to deal with the feeding, crying, changing, and other unpleasantries. I must admit I grew very fond of them and enjoyed spending time with them. I found them quite entertaining and very precocious. They enjoyed me reading stories to them and teaching them.

My upbringing was one of clothing optional and I was used to being in various states of undress in my own home. I was not about to change my lifestyle for these children so they ended up being extremely comfortable with the human form and nudity. I think it gave them a better mentality than these silly Puritans who loved violence but couldn't look at their own sex organs.

While these events are not critical I am of the opinion they help form a more complete background of some of the 'why's' of our story as well as showing my unforgivable weaknesses towards them.

Other genetic abnormalities crept up as they got older. Nicole had no hair follicles below her neckline (other than a small strip of hair above her vagina) which gave her skin an unreal beauty. She developed a sex addiction, an extreme exhibitionist nature, and nymphomania. She had an absurd number of G-spots and had clitoral tissue in many different areas of her body. Indeed, her clitoris itself was not above her vagina like regular humans but instead protruded directly on the top of her vagina insuring constant contact during intercourse. Her clitoris was also oversized.

To comment that Nicole was easily orgasmic was a tremendous understatement. She was multi-orgasmic and capable of constant orgasms. I also knew she was too much for Geran to handle sexually and began planting subliminal thoughts to him that he would lose his jealousy and begin becoming very aroused at her having intercourse with others. It was nearly a constant bombardment and he soon accepted the conditioning.

I do suspect most of her sexual oddities came from my highly repressed succubus side. Other than Geran, I had never made love to or had sex with a male in all my years other than being repeatedly raped as a child. Due to my succubus genes, however the rape was necessary to bring about my full powers. Nicole had no such need as she had her brother. 
