 Welcome to Chapter 11. I hope you are enjoying the series so far. It will get a little darker after this chapter and then a lighter. Comments, votes, and especially emails welcome! Would love to hear what you like and don't like.

Big thanks to Dick and Kancha for the encouragement!

*****

Nicole's Story:

Wow! I'm getting the most incredible sex. I've got my husband trying his damnedest to make my pussy and ass sore. I've got a boyfriend on the side fucking me whenever I give him the opportunity. It's a nympho's delight. I should work on finding a few more boyfriends. I'm super stoked right now because I'm going to an awesome party in a few minutes and Geran and a bunch of hot guys will be there. I'll get to dance and show-off and make out. And after that there will be more parties! Tonight we get to let off some serious steam.. It's going to be loud and awesome! I asked Geran if I could 'go solo' and see what happens and he said yes!

We took separate cars and he left thirty minutes before I did. I spent a lot of time trying to look sexy but not slutty. I finally settled on a bright shiny red mini skirt that went about a third of the way down my thighs and a red silk top knotted below my breasts. I didn't button any of the buttons and made certain my belly was fully on display. Breaking the color code I chose a pink thong. I picked out a pair of red suede low slung elf boots that made my legs look even longer. I put a red lace choker around my neck and put my hair up in a very bouncy pony tail. I was making an incredible effort to be super sexy tonight. I'm pretty sure I succeeded but I think there was a high percentage of slutty too. 

It was still chilly out so I had a floor length trench coat to cover up and make my entrance more dramatic. I stopped to pick up three of my girl friends who had invited me to the party. They were cute and all of them thought they were using me to get into Geran's pants. I had no problem helping them with that. I even told them he could satisfy all three of them at once if they were interested.

We got to the party and there were already a shitload of cars. We parked and made our way to the entrance and we could hear the booming music from the parking lot. I was surprised - they had a bouncer guarding the door. We slipped through easily enough.

Once inside we noticed a bunch of guys glancing our way. I noticed their eyes bug out when I took off my coat. Geran was in the midst of them and let me hear their comments.

*Goddamn! Look at that brunette! You ever seen legs that fine? Look at that stomach! I'd like to hold that pony tail while putting my dick in her mouth! She's got great boobs! I wanna fuck that tonight!* They kept going as we strutted through them. I introduced Geran to my three friends and two of them stuck to him flirting heavily. 

Jillian took my hand and led me to the bar where several guys offered to buy us drinks. I downed four tequila shots and grabbed two guys to go dancing with. 

They weren't very good dancers but they were cute. Their hands were trying to roam but it was too early in the evening for that. I danced with a bunch of different guys for about an hour and got Jillian and went back for more drinks.

We did four more tequila shots and then I snuck in two more. She tried to whisper something to me but I couldn't hear her. She pointed to the bathroom so I followed her to it. It was much quieter in there and she pulled me into a stall and locked the door.

I laughed, "Jill, I'm not in the mood for any lezzie shit tonight, but I'm flattered."

"You dizzy bitch I didn't bring you in here to suck face!" She was digging in her purse and pulled out a vial, a mirror, and a credit card. She handed me the mirror. "Here put your foot on the toilet and hold this on your knee." The tequila was kicking in and this seemed funny for some odd reason so I was giggling when she dumped the vial onto the glass and began making lines with the white powder. Shit! This was cocaine! I thought that was funny too but was trying to settle down.

She made four thick lines on the mirror and dropped her credit card back in her purse. She looked at me, "You got any bills?"

I gently handed her the mirror and pulled a C-note out of my purse. I took the mirror back and handed her the money. She quickly rolled it up into a tight tube and snorted one of the lines. While she was absorbing the coke. She handed me the tube. I had no idea what to expect but she seemed ok so I figured I would try it this once. 

I put the tube to my left nostril and inhaled a line and then quickly changed to my right and did the other line. I gave her the bill back for her last line and tilted my head back and let the drug flow into my system.

"Nicole, this is some really high grade stuff - seriously it's 90% pure and the other 10% is crystal. This will make you a superstar! On top of that it ALWAYS makes me horny!" She did her last line and we both started giggling like idiots. I felt invincible and filled with energy. I could feel my cunt getting wet and my clit swelling. I could feel the silk rubbing over my nipples and it was exquisite. I could hear Geran's thoughts from very far away but they didn't seem important. He doesn't approve of synthesized drugs but is cool with pot. I know he would give me some serious shit later for doing the coke, but I figured trying it once wouldn't hurt. Being a Horseman meant I was unable to become addicted or catch any diseases and I couldn't get pregnant unless I wanted to so all in all I had the perfect hedonist body.

We checked each other for powder on our noses and then I gave her a deep kiss. "WOW! Thanks Jill! I need some male attention right NOW!" 

"Wait, Coley! I've got one more for you." A little baggie with four joints in it. I put it in my purse and headed back to the party. I'm pretty sure I did more tequila shots and I let several guys do belly shots on me before I grabbed a couple guys and led them back to the dance floor. Dirty dancing doesn't even begin to describe what I was doing. I made at least three of them cum in their pants by grinding my ass over their crotches. 

Geran's Story:

With everything that had happened recently I knew Nicole needed a night to just be a typical 18 year old college girl. I decided to let her cut loose in any way she wanted for tonight. I really didn't like her doing drugs and drinking, but maybe I would let her do this once a year. Of course, I had my own fun right in front of me. Three really hot girls had attached themselves to me and were flirting outrageously. The party was an eye opener for me. There was a mattress in the middle of a side room and the first girl to be totally nude and fuck on it got a cash prize of $500. The money had already been claimed and a few catfights had broken out over who got to be first. The winner was still on her hands and knees and getting gangbanged like a pro. Nicole would be jealous when she found out. 

Many of the girls were dressed or undressed way beyond what Nicole thought she was pushing limits with. A few were topless. The drinks were flowing freely and the smell of marijuana was heavy in the air.

Nicole found me and disappeared again. A few minutes later she was back dragging a group of five guys and three girls.

"Geran! I found you! You need to help me. So listen. Right? Listen. You listening?" She was quite drunk. "Look, no listen, we're playing this game called 'Never Dare Have I Never' or something like that. We're playing for points which become favors or dares for the winners or losers. Look, I wanted to win and I had the best one but they don't believe me so you need to tell these ASSHOLES," she looked at them, "that I told the truth!" She smiled lovingly at me and then victoriously at them.

"Nicole, he hasn't said anything and he has no idea what you based your points on." One of the guys informed her.

"Shit! OK! Geran! Look, I told them never have I something been fucked in my pussy and ass at the same time by two thick ten inch cocks that just so happened to belong to my twin brother. I win the game with it. But these ASSHOLES over here, like that one and that one and that one and well, all of them think I'm a fucking liar. So I had to find you to back up my claim."

I looked at the group. The girls were very pissed off at her as their boyfriends or dates were being very obvious about wanting to fuck Nicole tonight instead of them. "She is not lying. Everything she told you is true."

"Bullfuckingshit Dude! We need proof of some shit like that. How do we know you're even her brother much less that other shit?"

Nicole glared at him. "Would I do this if he wasn't my brother?" She grabbed me and gave me a deep kiss while stroking my crotch.

Eight mouths said, "Yes!"

"Look, Geran, I can't talk sense to these dipshits. You tell them."

I pulled out my smartphone and began searching birth records. I showed our birth certificates to the group when I found them and she and I pulled out our drivers licenses to show we were the same people on the birth certificates.

Pissy girl number one said, "OK, we accept she is your twin sister and she's fucking sick and perverted enough to kiss and fondle you in public, but the other shit is just ridiculous. You two are probably backwards and inbred enough to fuck but that still leaves her lie about you fucking her with two ten inch dicks at the same time. I'm not buying it and she forfeits and loses the game. And I get to make her my bitch for the rest of the night."

I looked at her calmly and began unfastening my pants. "No, I'm afraid you don't." I pulled out both of my dicks and showed them to the group. "Nicole wins."

Nicole was bouncing around in their faces, "I toadaso! I fucking toadaso!"

"Fuck her with them and we'll concede." The bitchy girl said.

Nicole stroked me to two full erections and got on her hands and knees in front of me. I knelt behind her, slid her thong down and began fucking her. The group was stunned to silence. I fucked her for a minute more and then we stood up and adjusted our clothes. "Like I said, Nicole wins."

"YES!! Your boyfriends are going to take turns fucking me over there on that mattress. You two bitches are going to watch and lick their cum outta my pussy. Listen dammit! You since you were nice to me get to let my brother fuck you. You're gonna thank me! Look, Geran, I'll be back soon. These ASSHOLES are losers and they're gonna cum in like thirty seconds when they feel how much better my pussy is than their BITCH girlfriends' are." She mumbled a little counting on her fingers, "Asshole, bitch, fucking, licking." She brightened back up and exclaimed, "Yep! Let's go bitches!!"

I was standing with the three girls from before and now the new one from Nicole. "Let's find a room for all of us." I said and we began searching the house. We found kind of a library / study room and locked the doors behind us. I began stripping and after a few seconds they did also. I was going to try a little incubus power on them and started radiating a wave of sexual arousal and excitement from my body. The first girl I touched immediately had an orgasm. When I touched her nipples she had a stronger one. When I mounted her and fucked her pussy and ass at the same time she had super orgasms. She was having an orgasm each time I thrusted into her and was delirious when I finished. 

I took them all that way and left them in the study a couple hours later. All of them were semi-conscious, still climaxing, and dripping my cum out of them. 

I found Nicole dancing with a couple of guys a little later. Her blouse was untied and her breasts were bouncing as she danced, giving everyone glimpses of them as the fabric flowed around her.

I cut in and pulled her close so she could hear me. "You want to stay or find another party? Word's gotten around about me and nearly every girl here wants to either see my package or get laid by me."

"Hmmmm. Let's find another party."

On the way out the bitchy girl Nicole had put in her place came up to her. "You sick little cunt! I filmed you and called the cops! They're on the way right now to arrest you, your fucked up brother, and your sick parents. Incest is illegal you inbred trash!"

Nicole was just about to kill her - literally - but I stepped between them to stop her from attacking. I told her, "You wasted your time. The charges won't stick. We aren't human. Human laws do not apply and incest is a personal thing between two consenting adults in this case and no one else's concern. But I will leave you with a present that you will remember for a very long time."

I reached out and put my hand on the top of her head and let my incubus power rage through her. She fell to the floor in a constant state of orgasm. "You may think what you are feeling is awesome right now, but it won't stop and tomorrow it will turn to agony. Next week, insanity. You want it to stop? You know what to do."

We left to her screams. "You gonna leave her like that? I mean, look, she's a bitch and all that but ya know?" Nicole looked concerned.

"Don't worry about it. She'll admit to the police it was a prank and come find me tomorrow to apologize and get me to cancel it. She'll be fine once I take it off of her and she might even become a better person."

She looked relieved. "OK, look, that thing you did to the girls in the other room. Do that to me. I want it."

I grabbed her and teleported us to our apartment. "Stand there." I ripped her clothes from her and dropped the shreds on the floor. "Now lie on you back and spread your thighs for me. Good. Now spread your pussy lips apart and show me inside that gorgeous slit."

I got on the floor with her and rammed both dicks into her with one shove. I unleashed the incubus power into her and she was having orgasms with every thrust into her tight body. Then they just became one continuous super powerful orgasm. I kept trying to increase the power flowing into her until I felt her consciousness began to fail. I pulled back on it just enough to keep her awake but in such a state of orgasmic bliss she was unaware of anything besides ourselves. 

I don't know how long we were like that. Nicole was holding me tightly and her beautiful legs were wrapped around me. She suddenly grabbed my head and gave me a very passionate kiss. Then she pulled my head back and looked deep into my eyes. Her eyes went from glowing electric blue to a kaleidoscopic burst which gave me the most intense orgasm of my life and sent me into oblivion.

Nicole's Story:

Last night was incredible. I woke lying on the hard floor with Geran lying on top of me. He was heavy but I enjoyed the sensation of him there. His cocks were still inside me and that felt even better. I felt so complete with him. The love I felt suddenly overwhelmed me and I had tears of joy running down my face. The tears quickly became sobs and he woke up.

"Hey, what's wrong?" he asked with a very worried expression.

I held him tightly against me. "Nothing's wrong!" I gasped out between sobs. "I love you so much and there's so much emotion it's coming out as crying! You make me complete!"

He rolled us over so I was on top and could cry myself out while he held me and stroked my back and hair. He was gently kissing the top of my head and murmuring sweet nothings to me. After I calmed down I rose up to straddle him and rode him gently while he caressed my breasts and ultra-sensitive nipples. I let him cum and then he seemed to instinctively know I was hungry.

"Let's go have breakfast."

"OK" I got up and he stood. We didn't have any food at our apartment yet so he teleported us home.

Mom was at the kitchen table. "You two must have had fun. No clothes and my nympho daughter is dripping cum from between her legs. I've got breakfast ready for you." 

And she did (well, she doesn't cook much so I'm sure she had a few demons come in and cook). We sat and I began shoveling in bacon and eggs while I waited for my pancakes to stop swimming in the syrup and soak it up.

Mom had an agenda today. "The police came by this morning. They said they had a prank call but due to the nature of it they had to investigate. I fuzzed their minds, destroyed the videos and sent them on their way. You are correct, Geran. If it ever went to court our non-humanity would nullify the lawsuit, but it would make public our non-humanity. It's not necessarily a big deal, but you two need to be aware it's a bit early to reveal yourselves.

"I'd also like to know about this." She held up a pure white feather. It was glowing faintly in her hand. Our paths have not crossed in the right manner to go over your absence, but now we need to discuss it. In great detail."

"Gerfren, I'm eatin'." I said with my mouth full.

Geran gave all the information we had on the incident and mentally shared the room, sigils, and events.

Mom was silent for a while. "This is troubling. They know me well enough to block me out. They didn't take her into account though." Too late she realized her mistake. Or maybe not. She was calculating and probably let that slip on purpose.

"She?" we both blurted out.

"Yes, she. In essence I am your father," She shapeshifted to a male form and then back again. "The angel is your actual birth mother and she and I had sex to create the two of you."

Geran was about to ask a question but she waved him to silence. "Hush. Let me think. You have too many fires to put out right now. I took the liberty of assigning a thousand demons to your fortress project. It will be finished, equipped, and furnished in less than ten days. It was smart to select a pre-existing structure rather than constructing a new one. The fact that particular building is a couple hundred years old and has a checkered past helps to no end.

"As I was saying, too many fires to put out. We need to prioritize your list. Finding the Third Horseman is of high priority. Geran, you need to prepare the girls you fucked last night. They are bound to you now. You used your incubus powers on them which is almost as strong as making them blood slaves. You need to be careful when you have sex like that as incubus's love to breed and your chances of impregnating are very high. Even if they aren't fertile at the time. You actually made two of them pregnant but I stopped the process. You will be ready soon and those offspring will prove powerful allies, but not yet.

"Finding this other soulmate is important. Translating the books is important. Going back to the Black Library is very important. I have a list and location of the tomes you need next. The next time you go will be extraordinarily dangerous so be prepared! You need to practice your abilities and find more powered allies.

"You see what I'm referring to? You have many important and time consuming tasks as well as your studies and being teenagers like last night."

Geran got in a question, "Do we really need to continue college? That's time that could be spent elsewhere."

"Yes, you do. You two need interaction with others or you will never get out of bed. It is vitally important for you to continue to be around people or you will not make good decisions when attempting the Apocalypse. If you don't know whom you represent you are no better than the current political so-called leaders on this planet. Those parasites would not have been tolerated in the past and it is important to regain that type of intolerance again."

Geran slipped in another one. "But aren't you and the others of your group working towards an, well for lack of a better word, evil goal?"

"No. Maybe depending on your definition and which side of the fence you're on. Our goal is not self-serving, and by that I mean it is not designed to make each and every one of more powerful or wealthy. It has a greater goal. Similar to you stealing drug money. Your actions were still criminal and to the drug lords they were evil. You did it as you needed the money to help accomplish a greater goal.
