 Welcome to Chapter Twelve! Thanks to everyone who has read and voted and commented or sent me an email. I very much enjoy getting emails - they keep me motivated. This chapter gets into some violence and lots of sex. Quite a bit of plot development and insight into more of the obscure characters. The twins are making headway on several fronts in this chapter. I tried for a longer chapter this time per a request and hopefully filled another one. I hope Howard was looking over my shoulder for this chapter as much of this one is unchartered territory from our earlier discussions, but sometimes the characters take over and tell their own story and ten pages later they've pushed you into a new direction. Hope you enjoy it.

*****

Geran and Nicole - Chapter 12

Geran's Story:

Nicole and I quickly got back to back and extended two blood blades each. We were facing Throatslitter and about fifteen or so of her flunkies. I eyed her carefully. 

She had a voice that sounded like cold stones from a graveyard rubbing across each other. "You are forbidden from accessing the Black Library."

I responded, "OK. Fine. Back off and we'll leave peacefully."

She shook her head and drew two long katanas, "No, a message must be sent and you must be made to understand my employers' position in this matter."

OK - keep her talking. "Employers? There's a whole group worried about us getting some books we and no one else can read?" I don't usually lose my cool but this was too much. Not again was the only thought I had. I didn't care who we faced or how many. I began trying to manipulate my teleportation field in ways I had never attempted. She just needed to talk a little longer.

I stalled, "What if your employers wanted a certain book or books from in there? We could get them for you or them." 

My bet paid off. Whomever her employers were they were listening in and probably watching as well. I linked minds with Nicole so she was aware of what I was going to try to do. Just as Throatslitter began to speak in that creepy voice I let loose.

My teleportation field moved Nicole, me, and Throatslitter's legs twenty feet straight up. Nicole and I hovered in place except I swooped in quickly and grabbed her dismembered legs. I held them over my head and roared in triumph while the blood poured over me. I glared down at her crippled body and laughed the most evil laugh I could. "Tell your masters we will NOT submit. Molon Labe!!"

I sent searing power through the legs I was holding and burned them to a crisp and hurled them at the fleeing bodies. I imagine their masters needed her healed rather than sacrifice the whole group. I wasn't done. 

I flew down with blood blades drawn and flashing through the escaping goons. I think I killed about five and was drenched in blood.

I wasn't tired like I thought I would be though. I had an incredible thirst as well. I grabbed a water bottle from my back pack and downed it, but if anything I was thirstier than ever. Enough! I'd deal with that later.

I caught Nicole's gaze. She had an odd expression. "Let's go check out some books!" I took her hand and teleported to the double doors to the Black Library.

Nicole's Story:

Geran was... I don't even know. He became a warrior with very unexpected side effects. The blood scent of another person like Throatslitter pulled his vampirism out of dormancy to almost active. He was covered in blood and had an aura that would make a normal human run away pissing themselves. Even I was leery. 

We got to the doors ready to pick the locks and light the goofy torches. We needn't have bothered. The Black Library smelled the blood as well and made us welcome. The doors were wide open; the torches were all lit and it was very bright inside. The books were, well, the books were making noises. I was still linked to Geran's mind and he heard the noises too except to him it was an almost painfully beautiful symphony. He was completely and totally spellbound.

He strode in with clarity of purpose and began selecting specific books that called out to him. Each one he touched absorbed some of the blood covering him. By the time he pulled the tenth book he was clean of any blood. The lights went out and the noise stopped. I grabbed Geran's hand more frightened than I'd ever been in my entire life. I could feel the raging hunger of the books still on the shelves and knew they would rend the flesh from my bones to be set free into Geran's hands.

I grabbed him closely and tapped into his befuddled brain to 'port us home. I fumbled the first attempt and just got us back to the roof. The blood still there made the books in Geran's arms glow slightly. I tapped him again and got us to our bedroom.

He had an expression of almost rapturous joy on his face. I slapped the books out of his arms and popped his cheeks a few times. He had a slightly confused expression on his face.

"What are you doing? Why are you hitting me?" He asked.

"You fucking jerk! You were GONE!! Those books wanted to eat me and you were going to FUCKING LET THEM!!" I began shrieking, screaming, crying, and trying to beat the living shit out of him.

He let me continue until I ran out of steam and then held me tightly.

"You fucking jerk." I whispered to him.

"No more trips to the Black Library." He told me kissing the top of my head.

"I certainly hope not. You just can't go in bloody and it would probably be a good idea to find a new book thief partner. Nicole is unsuited for this task and highly vulnerable." Mom had gathered the books and was flipping through them casually. 

Geran looked startled. "Mom, you're hurting them!"

She looked at him like he had just grown four more heads. "What did you say? I'm causing these BOOKS pain? Is that what you're insisting is factual?"

He looked confused again. "No, pain isn't the right word. Discomfort? Uneasiness? Consternation? It's like they feel the way a small bird would when staring a cat in the eyes."

"And they have no such issue with you or Nicole?"

"Not with me. They... LIKE me. Give one to Nicole."

"FUCK NO I'M NOT TOUCHING THOSE FUCKING THINGS!!" I backed away.

Geran caught me, "We won't let anything happen to you just stand here and let Mom hold out each one towards you so I can see how they respond. Please?"

"I don't like this but ok. Just be quick!" I stood my ground vowing no shitty old books were going to get the best of me. 

Each one felt different as it was closer to me. I could feel it and so could Geran but Mom was blind to each one.

Geran set aside two thick volumes. "These two are deadly to who and what you are. I'll have to read them to find out why but there's something very anti-you in them. Maybe the War aspect. Maybe the succubus aspect. I don't know but these two need to be kept in a special vault. 

"Those four are very beneficial to you. Again, no clue why. The other four seem neutral but very Horseman or Apocalyptic in nature. These could give us some big clues as to what, why, how, when, where, etc." He had gone into lecturer mode.

"Geran, stop being a dork that can't see the forest for the damn trees. Two of the 'neutral books you pointed out are very beneficial towards you. I'm willing to bet the other two might help us find Horseman Number Three. Speaking of Horsemen, Mom, this may sound stupid or I may have asked it already, but shouldn't we have horses?" I was trying to sidetrack the conversation away from the books.

She actually gave a small laugh! "Yes, you both have horses waiting for you. They are stallions bred in the most sorcerous pits of hell and are a power unto themselves. Yours is named Phobos and Geran's is Deimos. Fear and Terror before you ask what the names mean. You aren't ready for them yet. Soon I think.

"Geran I know you are touchy about your pretties you stole, but I would like to take these two prickly tomes with me and keep them safe from you and Nicole. When your fortress is complete we will construct a room that is not a room which will strip all the books of any sentience and abilities. They will just be books. Acceptable?" She sidled up close to him and rubbed her full breasts across his chest and then pushed her groin firmly into his crotch. 

"Yeah. Yeah, that's a good plan." He gasped out leaning in for a kiss and a grope as she flamed his arousal.

"Perfect! Get some sleep. You have class in the morning." She began walking out with the most sultry swing of her body I'd seen. She stopped at the door, "By the way, Geran. What you did back there with Throatslitter was most impressive. Most impressive indeed. I think I may get in your bed and reward you after Nicole has tried to sate your lust." She left the room and called out from the hallway, "You should have killed her, though. She'll be back and it's personal now." And with that she was gone.

I looked over at Geran. His eyes were glazed with lust from Mom's toying and I heard a ripping sound. I glanced down to see his erections actually ripping through his pants. This was going to be a long fun night. I wondered what he would do if he REALLY let go and cut loose. I decided to find out. 

I sauntered over to him stripping as I went. I pulled him down for a deep kiss and at the last second slid my mouth to his neck. I grew my fangs (they're kinda small), bit his jugular, and injected a concentrated amount of my pheromones. I actually figured that out later. I was just doing what seemed right.

I quickly ran over to the bed and lay down prostrate and spread for him. If he was in battle I would say he became a berserker. In the bed it was much, much, much more intense. He lusted for me body and soul. His mouth attached itself to my pussy and clit. I felt multiple tongues exploring every part of me sending me to heights of pleasure, but his mind had firmly clamped down on my orgasms. I was having more sensations and more intense pleasure than ever and the bastard wouldn't let me cum! 

I begged, pleaded, promised and still he drove me higher. His hands were now working over my ultra-sensitive breasts and tormenting my erect nipples. 

I lost track of all time. I only knew pleasure and I knew it was coming from the person who loved me more than life itself which made it even better. 

Eventually, he had drunk his fill of my juices and climbed on top of me. He showed no gentleness, just a beast wanting pleasure. I realized then that even though I had enjoyed it immensely, due to his state of mind he was only trying to do what made him happy. It felt very good knowing he was looking out for himself once. 

He rammed both cocks into me in one hard thrust. His fucking was animalistic and his grunts were bestial. He was using those new wonderful tongues in my ear and my legs were wrapped tightly around him trying to pull him further into my body. My arms were around his broad strong shoulders and my fingernails were slicing the flesh on his back. Everything I did made him fuck me harder and push me higher. I think my eyes were kaleidoscopic and illuminating the room when they were open.

He fucked me and fucked me. Hours went by when I felt an urgency in his thrusting. "Yes! Yes! Geran, fill me with your cum! I need to feel you filling me with your soul! Cum for me! Cum for your sister! Cum for your wife! Cum for MEEEEEE!"

And he did. When the first spurt blasted out of his cock into me I could feel it. It was much hotter than usual. When the cum touched my cervix he let the restraints go and I had the most powerful orgasm ever. It was like my mind, body, and soul intertwined with his and became one being wrapped in orgasmic loving joy. We reached the peak and stayed there together as one for I don't know how long. It seemed like a microsecond and an eternity. Then we fell into loving semi-orgasmic sleep.

When we awoke, I was lying on top of him with his dicks still firmly inside me. I kissed his chest gently. "I love you." I whispered.

"He loves you, too" Mom's voice came from the across the room. I looked over at her.

"He's in a deeper sleep for a minute so we could chat. Those two books must be put in the special room and NEVER removed. In fact, I would go so far as to say after you and Geran have learned what you need to destroy them utterly. Make certain of it. They are anathema to you. Do you understand? I need to hear you say it, Daughter."

I shifted a little so I could look into her eyes. It occurred to me I couldn't tell what color they were and I had never noticed. "I swear to you I will do everything in my power to destroy if possible; neutralize if not the two tomes you are keeping safe for and from us after we have gleaned the necessary knowledge from them."

She nodded, "Good enough." Her expression turned wistful and longing. I am woman enough to know what was in her thoughts.

"You're a little jealous of our relationship and passion aren't you, Mom?" I asked softly.

"I am not accustomed to anyone asking such invasive questions of me. Sorry. Female to female, yes I am envious. The love you two share and the pure passion..." She fell silent for a moment.

"I am over ten thousand years old and I have NEVER found anyone to compliment me like you two complement each other. Ten thousand years. Do you realize Geran is the only male I have ever had intercourse with willingly? The pleasure he and I shared was and is nothing compared to what you share. There are times I hate him for being in our lives and corrupting my plans. My succubus side is like a goddess in power. Maybe in a few millennia you will know that type of power, that type of lust, and how difficult it is to contain it with an incubus and a loved one in your life."

"Mom! Stop! Geran loves you! I love you! I am willing to share my husband with you! I know he wants to be closer to you and doesn't understand why you act cruelly at times. Come over here and I'll grab a shower, breakfast, and go over to Celeste's while you two have fun."

A multitude of emotions flickered over her face. "It's not that easy. As I indicated, my succubus side is powerful like you can't imagine. I can never let go like you two did and do. I would drain his life essence instantly and devour it just to make me cum. It's more difficult than you know. It's a hunger than can't be sated." She got up to leave.

"Mom. Wait. Please. Two things: First come to bed with BOTH of us and let me into your mind a little to hold the hunger while you allow yourself some fun. Second, let me talk to Geran about it. He's smart and incredibly intuitive with coming up with solutions. I bet he could figure out a way to make it happen." She started shaking her head no.

"Fucking shit MOM!" I exploded. "Why do you want to be a fucking miserable martyr!?! WE. ARE. YOUR. FAMILY. We help each other to become stronger. We have each other's backs. Let the ten thousand year bullshit go and get fucking laid by your son and daughter. Then let Meister plug your ass and scratch your itch. That big fucker is practically invincible. And he's got a HUGE cock and knows how to use it. He rang every bell in my pussy."

She gave me a stern look. "You have a foul mouth and a lecherous personality." She held up a hand to stop me interrupting. "BUT, I will acquiesce to my wiser, hornier, daughter and give it a try. But not right now. We've got things to do and I want your filthy juices off of my son's equipment when I start on him."

I gave her a look that said she better get used to the taste of my pussy on his dicks 'cause that's the way it's always gonna be. She smirked.

You two go to class. Come straight home! Geran and I need to give the fortress a going over and then we need to study these books before any itches get scratched. Understood, Little Miss Wet Crotch?"

"Mooooom! That's not fair. I'm a teenager and a succubus and married to a hunk. How could I NOT be wet all the time?" She made a beeline for the door muttering something about should've gotten cats instead of children.

I kissed Geran and poked his ribs. "How much you hear Mr. Play Possum?"

He opened his eyes, "Nearly all of it I think. She's let out more information to us in the past month than the previous eighteen years."

"Yep."

He ruffled my hair. "I think she wants to figure out how to wall off her mind so you and I don't see any other secrets while you're doing your thing and she's doing my things."

I nodded, "You're probably right. I'm going to play it straight though and not peek."

He looked concerned. "What is it?" I asked.

"Well, I was just thinking, you know, wondering..."

I looked at him impatiently, "Am I supposed to guess, Dickhead?"

'Nooooooo. I was just thinking where I would sleep if she's better in the sack than you."

"You fucker! You'll sleep in the garage and your two dicks will sleep in my bed with me! As if ten thousand year old pussy could ever be better than mine! You owe me flowers, clothes, dinner, dancing, jewelry, oh - some nice shiny weapons, and several more affairs for that comment you fucker!" I play pouted.

He pulled me up to him and gave me a kiss with some passion behind it. "I'll do absolutely anything for you." He whispered looking deeply into my eyes.

"Awwww, stop that before you make me cry." I got up and headed for the shower swaying my ass at him. Like a dutiful hubby he followed. 

We showered and talked about how wonderful last night was and how to make our - mostly his - night with Mom special. We avoided the blood bath and Black Library discussion.

Geran's Story:

It was a beautiful chilly late October morning. Nicole wore a pink turtleneck that was a size or two too small with no bra and very erect nipples. I honestly do not remember ever seeing them when they weren't erect. Her areolas were faintly visible as well. She slid into some too tight yoga pants that were the rage now. Camel toe very visible. I had a thought and shared it with her. "Hey, you know how we are each other's almost version of absolute physical perfection? I think we're doing it to each other."

Nicole looked at me while brushing her teeth. "What in the fuck are you babbling?"

I sighed, swatted her ass, and continued, "We have demonic and angelic blood and who knows what else. We've already proven we can shape shift to a degree. We can probably become experts at shape shifting like Mom can so why wouldn't it be possible for our subconscious minds to be subtly influencing how our partner looks to make certain we are more attracted physically to each other than anyone else?"

She spit in the sink and rinsed. "I can see that. So your physique makes me horny. More horny than any other male physique. That I've encountered. That just means I need to find and fuck shitloads more guys to make certain you're correct." She smiled pleased with her logic.

Then the same though punched us in the gut and our faces paled as we both blurted, "If Mom is that good of a shape shifter how do we know she isn't masquerading as someone else we know?"

We stared at each other for several uncomfortable moments. "Let's go to class." I said.

"Yeah."

I 'ported us to campus where we kissed and hugged and went to our separate classes. I was reasonably confident we had breathing room from attacks for a while. Maybe a week or two. I tried hard to concentrate on my lectures, but my mind was on Nicole, Mom, the books, the Library, the fortress, and who the hell our attackers were. Were they all from the same direction or group? Was it just a random set of beings trying their hands at taking out the first two Horsemen in hopes of stopping or causing a massive delay to the Apocalypse we were supposed to bring about?

I gave up halfway through my third class and bailed. I went to the canteen for a greasy burger and a Coke. I'm not certain what had changed in my perception, but I was noticing all the girls checking me out. Not being used to it my ego puffed up excitedly. I sat looking at emails on my phone munching the burger as grease ran down my arm. I wasn't reading the emails. I was expanding an aura gently into the room. I decided to call it my 'corruption wave' so Nicole would have something to make fun of. Once I had filled the room with it I began increasing the intensity of it. 
