 Welcome to Chapter Fourteen. I wasn't certain I'd keep at this book but the encouragement from you has kept me motivated - thank you most kindly! For those of you that keep track of this sort of thing if you take all the chapters so far (including this one) and convert it into a standard paperback book format the story is now up to 458 pages - quite a long first book so thank you again for sticking with me this far. The twins still have a long way to go. 

*****

Nicole's Story:

The next morning I came home smelling of sex with Vince and had cum my hair and matting the little clothing I wore. Geran came home smelling of sex with someone unfamiliar to me. He looked like he was struggling with post orgasmic super sensitivity. Mom was at the breakfast table looking slightly peeved.

"You two. Shower and then get back down here pronto for breakfast and planning." She went back to reading her newspaper.

We went up to our room and showered together. I stroked one of his cocks. He shuddered, "Give me a little bit. They're still too sensitive to touch."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know. So I really shouldn't do this." I quickly knelt and started giving him an intense blowjob before he could stop me.

His knees gave way and he was groaning on his back trying to work me loose. I mentally told him, *Uh uh. I'm not stopping until it's my face in your mind instead of hers. You only get the best orgasms from me!*

He was cumming in my mouth in less than two minutes and on the verge of going into an orgasmic convulsion before I stopped. I looked at with a very pleased look on my face. "So tell me again who owns your cocks?"

He weakly moaned out, "You do."

"Damn right. Now let's finish and get downstairs before Mom has a conniption fit."

He struggled through his shower gaining strength as he went.

I needed to think of more ways to please him. He's given me so much latitude lately to sow my wild oats. It's hard not to have wild oats being a nympho. 

I stood outside the shower and let the water run off me. I grabbed a big fluffy towel and dried myself; dragged a brush through my hair. I know Geran loves my hair but it's so thick it's hard to brush sometimes. I made it presentable even though it was damp and we made our way downstairs to the dining room.

Mom raised an eyebrow at me, "Too lazy to get dressed?"

I walked past her and kissed her cheek. "No. I'm not lazy. I just like being nude more and more. Do you think it's part of my succubus DNA affecting me? Or is it my nympho side becoming more dominant? Is it something I should work on?"

Mom sighed and took a bite of bacon. "Dearest daughter. You need to have self-confidence. If you like exposing those little bumps on your chest and those scrawny chicken legs then by all means leave your clothes off."

"MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!" I wailed looking myself over. "They aren't BUMPS!!" I fixed a heaping plate not feeling very happy. I looked at Geran. He was smiling at me knowing I was starting to freak out about my body. Well, fuck, how else would an eighteen year old girl react?

I plopped into my chair with a huff and slammed my plate on the table. Mom glared at me and I glared back. I started shoveling the food in and guzzling fruit juices. Mom decided to ignore me and read the newspaper. Fine! I didn't want to hear anymore fucking bullshit anyway.

She gave us a few minutes to eat and was about to start talking when Geran beat her to the punch.

"We've got a little less than two weeks before we're attacked again. Everything I've learned points to the next full moon as the 'go' date. Meister agrees. My questions are:

"One - who is behind the attacks?

"Two - what form of attack is most likely for the next one?

"Three - what's our best defense?

"Four - is there a way to launch a pre-emptive attack?"

Mom stared at him for a moment. "That was a concise summary. We don't have enough information to know the source. They've been extremely thorough in covering their tracks, but by the patterns and resources used there is definitely more than one involved. My Best guess is there are three individuals coordinating. They have also had a big run of luck; both good and bad.

"As the next attack relies on the full moon it would suggest an attack against Nicole.

"Your fortress will be finished before then and it will provide the best defense. She will stay in the most secured room.

"I don't know.

"Anything else?"

I piped up. "Yeah. If I have to go under house arrest soon I want a weekend to play. We should be safe right?"

Mom looked irked. "Everything indicates there will be no attacks until then. Our intelligence is improving rapidly and we're getting close to identifying one or more of them. 

"Our biggest victory will come from them. Any beings of the power level needed to do what they're doing will be paranoid, suspicious, conniving, and backstabbing. It's a matter of time until they become confident enough to begin betraying each other. Their fear of you two and the future you potentially represent has kept their alliance intact thus far."

Geran and I looked at each other. He asked the question we were both thinking. "What do we represent? What are we exactly supposed to accomplish and when will you release the barriers hiding our Horsemen powers away from us."

She answered firmly in a tone that indicated the subject was closed, "The time is not here for that discussion."

She thought a minute and then told us, "Study those books. Go over the defenses in the fortress. Plan your weekend of whoring. Monday the two of you will be inside the fortress and you will stay there for the week ahead of and following the full moon. No arguments. No disobedience either. You'll have plenty to do during those two weeks. Study, practice your fighting and powers, fuck yourselves silly. That's the plan. Finish your breakfast and get started." She got up and left the room preventing any further discussion.

I looked at Geran. "At least she knows we're going to have lots of sex!"

He laughed. "Your nymphomania may be getting out of control."

"Aw bullshit! You love me horny. Especially for your sexy bod! OH!! I've got some tricks to show you to do with your dicks to please me more! Vince had some tricks up his sleeve, or rather in his pants. Wait until you see what else you can do! And I want to try the magic fingers in the pussy thing our new sister did to you! We've got a LOT of new things to try out! We're gonna have soooo much fun tonight!" I was babbling and gushing.

"Geran. Come over here. We need more resources and it's time to teach you a new trick." Mom was back with a very business expression.

He looked at me and shrugged and went to stand in front of her. She put her left hand on his head and her right over his heart and started mumbling in some language or gibberish. Her hands glowed a pinkish gold and then there were three Geran's standing there.

"Two of you need to attack those books. The other can do the other items needed. You can handle three of yourself right now. With practice you will be able to have more clones."

One of the Geran's asked, "Who's the original?"

"You all are. Every twelve hours or so you need to recombine for at least twelve hours to be able to repeat this. Do not abuse this ability and do not let one get killed. I'll be back in a couple of days. I need to get some information from other dimensions. Stay out of trouble." Before we could say anything she vanished.

My mind was reeling at the lusty opportunities of having three Geran's playing with my body for hours. It would have to wait, though. Two of them took the books and 'ported to the fortress. The other looked at me.

"Let's go plan out the next five days or so. We'll try to make certain we cover as much ground as possible and incorporate your weekend." 

We sat at the table and started making a list on his laptop. We talked over all the different loose ends and questions we had and prioritized them. Looking at the list on the computer made it seem extremely overwhelming. It was a LONG list. We argued about some of the priorities. 

Geran no longer wanted to meet Angela. I insisted it was top priority. I finally won my point, but he wouldn't explain his changed position. He was keeping a secret that was eating at him and it wasn't like him at all. We shared everything.

We got the feather left behind when she saved us and placed it on the table. I looked at him, "Now what?"

"I think we should get dressed in our combat gear just in case something doesn't go as it should."

Ten minutes later we were seated at the table again. I repeated, "Now what?"

He looked at me. "I really don't know. Maybe if we concentrated on the feather and tried to reach her telepathically? Maybe we should put a couple small blood blades next to it? Actually, that sounds promising."

We each extended and broke off a small blood blade and set them touching side by side on the table. Geran then placed the feather on top of them. It looked like the feather was glowing very faintly.

Geran took a deep breath, "OK, let's concentrate."

After a few minutes the feather glowed brighter. A female voice came from the feather. "You have my attention but I will not manifest for you. Why are you not in Arkham?"

Geran took the conversation, "We thought we'd be safer in our new fortress. We think Nicole will be attacked by the full moon. We need to be able to defend her and / or find out who's behind these attacks."

"Do not focus all your efforts in one direction. The attack could come from anywhere to either of you. Or both. You do need access to some of the powers you inherited from me. I am over-riding her blocks on your ability to dimension shift, summon, and heal faster. More than that and she will object forcefully.

"I am proud of you both and I worry for your safety daily. There are powers far beyond your imagination stirring to prevent you from performing your task. Others seek to coerce you into creating the future they want."

"What happens to us after we complete the Apocalypse?" Geran asked. I could tell he wanted to ask something else more important.

Angela's voice was softer for this answer. "There has never been a case of any Horsemen existing after and Apocalypse. 

"To answer your unspoken question, I did it to protect you and I would and will do it again as many times as I am able to keep you safe. She put you in great danger with virtually no training or knowledge or access to your higher abilities and expects you to fight and survive. It is the same as asking a newborn infant to run a three thousand mile marathon in less than a day. And yet somehow you are managing it. 

"I am also toughening your flesh and life forces. Mundane weaponry will no longer harm you. Normal knives, bullets, poisons, and the like are of no concern any longer."

Geran asked another question, "What is your relationship with Mom? And what is her name?"

There was no answer and the glow was gone. The feather had turned brown.

"SHIT!" Geran startled me since he cussed so little.

"Hey, it's ok. We got quite a bit in trade for a feather."

"I know, but I'm getting frustrated. We're in a maze with no lights and it seems like everyone is watching us stumble around into walls and traps when they could turn on a light."

"They may not be able to." I increased my pheromones a little to distract him. "I wonder if I can make clones of myself? That would be a good birthday present for you!"

He smiled at the thought. "You probably can, but I would advise against trying until you're out of house arrest. What types of debauchery did you have planned anyway?"

"Well, we're going to miss all the Halloween parties which sucks big time. So it's going to have to be something special to make up for it. I've got some ideas. Let me work on them and show you when I'm done."

He hugged me tightly. "You're getting me hard just thinking about it."

He opened a new file and started typing some new headings. Allies, Friends, Forces, Not Trusted. He began putting some names and numbers under each heading. "Nicole, look at this. I know we've just started, but we need to begin adding to this pretty quickly. Our enemies aren't giving us any slack. 

"We need to spend some time in Arkham and at Miskatonic and try to see why Angela is so insistent we stay there. So far, we've only really seen the Black Library. I'm not even sure I want to be that close to those books. And Meister wants us to visit his half-sister. She could be a decent ally. I'm still on the fence about him. He's helped us thus far, but for how much longer? He has to have an agenda of his own like Mom does. And what if she clones and shape changes and could be Meister and herself and others? Our whole world could be completely controlled by her and we'd never know it."

I was worried. I'd never seen Geran this down in the dumps. "No worries! We tackle one thing at a time and start working down the list. What has the most potential of helping us the most right now?"

He looked over the list. "I see four good places to start, but my instincts are telling me to go see Meister's sister. She's strong like he is and she's a lawyer. I'm assuming he's filled her in on quite a bit."

I kissed his cheek. "Then that's where we start. She's female so with your incubus stuff and my naturally awesome personality she'll love us in no time. One more ally in our pocket! Let's dress nicely, though. Still need to make a good first impression."

As we were dressing we kept discussing how to increase our defenses and prepare to go on the offensive. About an hour later we were ready to go. Geran started heading downstairs.

"Where you going?" I called after him.

"I've never been to this address so I can't teleport there. We're going to have to drive." He explained.

"Should I get my helmet?" I asked hoping we'd take his bike.

"Too cold today. Starting to look like it could snow. There are some freaky weather conditions outside. We'll take the car. Probably the Jag. I want something a bit bigger and heavier around us."

Unfortunately, we hadn't driven the Jaguar in so long the battery was dead. We swiped Mom's keys and took her Mercedes instead.

The trip took a lot longer than we anticipated. Traffic was for shit and we were almost there it started to sleet heavily. When we pulled to the gatehouse at her property the car was covered in a sheen of ice. The guard looked out at us. It was a robot of some sort.

Geran said politely, "The Parker twins to see Jennifer Masters, please." He looked at me and whispered, "Look at all this cool stuff! An android! A real one! And all the high tech stuff!" He was pointing as the numerous cameras and what looked like laser mounts.

I gave him a look that said volumes. My brother the dork. The android spoke in an electronic voice. "One moment please." I supposed it was contacting her. "Thank you for waiting. Miss Masters will meet at her quarters. Please follow the blue lights."

Geran thanked the talking toaster and we followed the blue blinking brick road. On the way we passed ice covered shrubs and statues. We parked under a canopy thing near the front entrance and made a dash to the door. It opened automatically for us and more silly lights led us to a surprisingly old fashioned looking room with lots of comfy furniture, bookcases, a huge TV, and a large fireplace.

Filling and I do mean filling the doorway was six foot seven inches of incredibly built female. Super long legs, muscular build, and holy shit! The size of those tits! I was staring at them even though I don't usually check out other girl's breasts.

She gave me a hug and then Geran a longer one. "Hi Guys! Come on in!" She led us into the room. Jen had an ass to die for, too! I felt very self-conscious and severely outgunned. There was no way I could compete with all THAT!

*Would you stop that? You KNOW you are much better looking and NO ONE will ever one up you in my eyes!* Geran's thoughts interrupted and halted my self-pity party. I felt better.

We went in and she led us down a hallway to another area that was more like an apartment and invited us to sit on a very strong looking sofa. This area was delightfully cluttered. Some mail dumped on the floor. Clothes scattered here and there - some clean, some dirty. Quite a few plants. Cool pictures on the wall. Dirty dishes on the counter and about two dozen empty crushed beer cans strewn about the garbage can. Her aim was lousy. Book shelves cluttered with law books, figurines, other decorative junk. Yeah, some was junk but cute junk. I had felt neutral towards her prior, but seeing her place made me think she would be a cool friend.

She was feeling chatty today. "So what brings my favorite twins by? Can I get you a drink? First snow of the season! Awesome, huh?"

Geran and I spoke up at the same time. He said, "Coke, please?" I said, "A beer would be great!"

She grinned at both of us and walked into the kitchen. "Hey, what do you have planned? We could have an awesome get together today. Watch movies, order pizza, drink beer, catch up. Whattaya say?"

She came out of the kitchen carrying a glass, two tankards, a two liter of Coke, and two pony kegs of really good imported beer. She handed Geran the glass and two liter. She handed me a tankard and keg. She kept the other. She held up a finger and went back to the kitchen and came back with maybe eight big bags to tortilla chips and a huge bowl with about three gallons of salsa.

"Now we're ready!" She plopped in a chair facing us and curled her legs under her. She was wearing a baggy blue sweater and shorts. Her long light brown hair was done up in a ponytail. I put my hair up in a ponytail while she talked. "Before we get into details, you mister," she said pointing at Geran, "Do not get to stare at my tits until at least half this keg is gone!" She picked it up with one hand and waved it at him. 

Geran reached in his pocket and pulled out a C-note and handed it to her. She's no dummy. She put it on the coffee table beside her and asked him, "Retainer?" He nodded. "OK, no problem. We'll have a PRIVATE get together."

"Jen, sorry for barging in unannounced, but it's great to meet you and thanks so much for your hospitality." He began. She interrupted him.

"Yeah, yeah, you want to see me - I know what you want to see - and all that. Get to the point." Yep I liked her more and more. I wonder how hard she could hit?

He looked a little flustered but then got into our recent adventures having me put in my two cents here and there. She waited until we were finished before she spoke. She did take a lot of notes. "OK, here's what we're going to do, the salsa and chips are gone. My keg is only about a third full, so I'm gonna trade with Nicole because she's probably only tapped out four tankards by now." 

I smirked and tossed her my empty keg. Her eyes got very big. "You and me are gonna talk sister. Where was I? Kegs... Oh yeah, I'm gonna order pizzas and four full size kegs and then you're gonna tell me your story a second time and then I'm gonna ask questions. Sound awesome? Of course it does! First I gotta get rid of a lot of beer. There's another bathroom second door on the right. You kids wanna clear off the table? Call me old fashioned but I like eating at the table when I have guests."

Geran and I got up. "I'm going to wash some of her dishes. Don't you have to pee after all that beer?"

I was puzzled. "I really should have to but I don't. I think I'm metabolizing 100% of my intake now. Where should I put this stuff? Some of it looks important."

Jen walked back in. She had changed her sweater for a tank top. "Here, I'll show you." She placed one arm at the edge of the table and swept everything off the other side. "See? All done!" She has a goofy almost dorky grin. She walked over to the huge window. The snow was really coming down now. 
