 Geran's Story:

I didn't sleep much last night. I spent most of it trying to figure out how to protect Nicole and where the attack could come from. I spent much of the night going over the blueprints and defenses of the fortress. I made absolutely certain there were no ways for anything corporeal to gain access. Non-corporeal entities were much more unpredictable but Mom had left some particularly nasty surprises for them as well. 

Jen, Celeste, and Vince were going to stay with us during the house arrest period. I think Vince was going to bring his new girlfriend and Jen had some friends she was bringing as well. I was going to bug Meister later today for any other suggestions. I knew Vince was working on gathering warriors from his race, but I didn't know how many he had yet or how trustworthy they would be.

I had a few other aces in my sleeve I could implement. Actually, I knew I would implement them as I was not going to leave any avenue unexplored when it came to protecting Nicole. I had tried repeatedly to reach Angela for support with no luck so I could only hope she was watching and ready.

I checked on Nicole again. She was sleeping soundly. It was 3:15 am. I decided to put one plan into action. I teleported to the fortress roof and looked out at the city. It was still blanketed heavily in snow. That would make this more difficult. I had checked out several massage parlors and in-call escort locations. I had wanted them to come to me but the weather dictated otherwise. I teleported to the first escort location on my list and went inside.

Since it was late most of the clients had gone home and most of the girls were still there. I flashed a huge wad of cash and told the Madame I wanted a reverse gang-bang. She took me to a room with a large bed and began rounding up the girls. I told her I wanted every available girl including her. There were seventeen by the time they all got in the room.

I spent the next hour seducing, dominating, and making blood slaves of each and every one. They were now my sleeper agents. They would behave as normal and forget about ever seeing me until I called for them and activated them. It would also give some time for their vampiric abilities to mature without them being aware of it happening.

I was able to hit one more location and add another fourteen girls. Tomorrow night I would try for more. I also planned on going to class today and seeing how many I could take there. The weather would limit my selection.

I 'ported home and showered. Mom had left a few low level demons to take care of the household activities so we had more time for our tasks. I woke Nicole when breakfast was ready. She ate enough for eight people. I knew she was trying to store as much internal energy as possible. We discussed our plans for the day. She wanted to go shopping for her stripper outfit. I had my plans as well. I did my duplication thing and sent one with her to protect her. The other back to the books. And I went to class.

By four pm I was drained beyond belief but I had added another sixty-five girls to my small army. I had worn myself out completely with the constant use of the corruption wave, non-stop sex, and using my vampiric ability to turn them. Some showed more potential than others and they received more power. I was going to have them patrolling the streets around the fortress and take up stations on the roof as well.

I showered again, ate a sandwich, and collapsed on the sofa into a deep sleep until Nicole came home. 

When I woke up it was around ten-thirty at night. She had let me sleep to catch up on my rest. She and Vince were talking quietly in the next room. I got up and joined them.

"Hey Vince, what's the word?" I asked moving behind Nicole and kissing the top of her head.

"Hey Dickhead. I've got about seven hundred cat warriors ready. Your fortress won't hold that many so how about the fifty best taking positions inside and outside with another hundred working an expanded perimeter maybe a half mile in radius?"

"That sounds good. I'm going to have about a hundred sleeper vamps patrolling as well. Plus you, me, Nicole, Jen, and?"

Vince answered. "I'm not bringing my girlfriend here. No offence but she isn't ready for this. Celeste will be here. You know who Jen is bringing?"

"Not yet. She promised to let me know by Sunday at the latest. You go over the blueprints and fortifications? See anything else we can add?"

Vince shook his head. "No, but everything we've thought of they will have thought of as well. Which means they'll know how to neutralize it all if they have the resources to do so. It's a fucking shame you can't move this place somewhere else. Being in the city is a bigger liability than being on a deserted island."

"I know. I can only manage about a fifth or fourth of the mass of this place. Which means in an absolute worst case scenario I take the basement, Nicole, and whoever else is in it and 'port us to a new location. It may not help so we'll play that one by ear. What about you Sweetheart? Any other ideas?" I kissed her head again.

"Yeah, anyone or anything breaches these walls is going to bleed. A lot. We've got some serious preparations and we're more ready than we've ever been. Let's make them pay!" I could tell she was angry and scared. I think we all were.

I looked around at them. "I need some food and then I need a little sleep. We all should get some sleep. Tomorrow night is your big night and some serious bait if they want to strike early, but I think we'll have that covered as well.

"How do you plan to get gang-banged after you strip? They'll call the cops and bust up anything like that."

She grinned, "I made a deal with the owner of the joint."

I got suspicious. "What kind of deal?"

"Well, the owner is a really, super-awesome chick, and is smart and gorgeous and very understanding so she agreed to it."

Vince rolled his eyes, "She bought the place today. She's the new owner."

I burst out laughing. "Good call. You have the troops for the strip joint covered?"

He nodded, "Yeah, but my gut tells me they won't move early on this. They want the moon to help tip the scales and if we could figure out what that means it would help us."

"I agree. After the strip / gang-bang party we're going full turtle." Nicole looked at me in surprise.

"I thought we had two more days after that." She protested.

"So does everyone else. We're going underground early. And we're going to use that time to do as much research as possible and try to figure out what the attack will be. Make certain you've got everything you need, clothes, food, drink, entertainment, porn, whatever. I want us in here with the door locked behind us by three pm day after tomorrow." I finished my sandwich and downed my drink. "Everything that gets brought in here gets scanned by tech and magic. No potential attacks from that direction either. I'm beat. Nicole, you coming to bed or staying up?"

"I'm coming to bed. Vince are you staying here tonight?"

"No, I gotta get back to Valerie. She's gonna miss me for a couple weeks. But if your deadbeat husband wants to 'port me home and save me trudging through the snow again that would be cool." He looked at me hopefully.

"Yeah, you ready?"

"Almost." He went over and gave Nicole a deep kiss and fondled her breasts. "Ready."

I took him to his house. He motioned for me to wait. "Don't worry. We're going to protect her."

I nodded and went back. Nicole was in the bedroom slowly taking off her clothes. When we were both nude we slipped into the warm covers and held each other. 

"Geran, I'm really scared. This sounds like our new home will become a battlefield and it will be christened in blood." She looked very vulnerable.

I held her close. "I don't care if nothing of this place remains as long as you are safe."

I felt her crying quietly for a little while. Then she looked up at me in the darkened room. "Geran? Will you make love to me tonight? No sex or fucking, but just make love to me?"

I answered her by gently taking her fears away for the next couple of hours. We both climaxed together with our minds merged. I stayed on top of her kissing her and keeping her spread wide for me. Eventually I rolled her on top of me and wrapped my arms around her and held her warm soft body against me until we both drifted to sleep.

Nicole's Story:

I made certain Geran slept through the night. He needed his rest more than we needed more bodies tripping over each other outside. I was very excited about tonight and was trying very hard to put all the negativity and paranoia out of my mind and out of Geran's. I had asked Vince to not bring any of it up today. 

I was going to make my husband happy today and then have my fun tonight. And then we had two weeks to play by ourselves if we wanted or with just a few trusted friends if that was what we desired. No classes, no fucking libraries filled with carnivorous books, no assholes trying to cut us to pieces in ambushes. Whatever was coming after me we had everything ready and would see it coming from miles away.

I slipped out of bed putting him a little deeper in sleep. I ordered his favorite breakfast and then showered. I found the outfit he liked best for me to wear and got it ready for later and then slid back under the covers and proceeded to wake him by giving him the best blowjob I could. I didn't stop or even look at him until he filled my mouth with his yummy hot cream. I swallowed every drop and then kissed him good morning.

He returned the kiss. "Nicole, you are amazing!"

"I know. Let's go eat. Wait until you see my stripper outfit for tonight! It's going to make you so hard your dicks won't go soft for a week!" We didn't bother getting dressed yet and had our breakfast in the nude.

After breakfast we lounged around in the pool and then watched some TV. About four pm I kissed him goodbye and went to the strip bar to get ready for tonight. Vince was already there with about thirty cat warriors. I was very surprised. I don't know why but I was expecting to see tigers or lions. These were humanoid people with fur and feline features on their faces. They also had tails and every one was over six feet tall and very muscular. They were strangely erotic and I caught myself staring. 

Vince interrupted my fantasy. "Nicole these are some of the warriors protecting you tonight. This is their captain, Fordicin. Fordicin, this is Nicole."

He extended a lightly furred hand to shake mine. His voice was deep like a big cat purring. "It is an honor to protect you." His slitted eyes held mine.

Vince cleared his throat. "OK, enough of that. Yes, they live to fight and fuck. And they are very good at both, so if you want to add them to your grand finale you can. There are enough of them roaming tonight they can switch in and out and still keep the place under a tight watch. For fuck sake's Nicole! Are you even listening to me?"

I tore my eyes away from the cat people and looked at Vince. "Yep, I'm safe and can fuck them. Or let them fuck me. This is going to be a fun night. I'm going back stage to make certain everything is ready and get dressed and maybe take a little nap." 

Vince nodded and went about his tasks of checking for any vulnerabilities. I did my stuff and reclined on a sofa for a little nap. I hoped Geran and Vince wouldn't be angry with me after I initiated my plan. They weren't the only schemers in town.

Celeste woke me at eight pm. "You need to get ready. You go on stage in thirty minutes. You still going through with it? All of it?"

I got up and nodded. "I have to contribute as well and this gets a whole flock of birds stoned. You know what I mean. You going to show any skin tonight?"

"I thought about it but I don't want to take away from your night. By the time you get to the stage you will be the last contestant and there have been eleven girls ahead of you. I might introduce you in a bikini or something just to give them another thrill."

I was getting into my costume. "You should at least show your boobs. Our classmates lusted after you as much as me. How many people showed up, anyway?" I was having trouble getting my boots fastened.

"There are about a hundred people out there. About two hundred more showed up but the fire code only allows just under a hundred people in the building. You'll have to give a repeat performance in the future. I'd say about seventy-five percent are from high school. The rest from college. About fifteen percent of the audience is female. 

"I like the costume you chose. It is very appropriate for you and you look damn good in it. Your left bracer is a little crooked."

She helped me with my accessories. "How do I look? Is everything lined up and where it should be?"

She looked me over and walked around me. "You look awesome. You're going to cause a lot of premature ejaculations tonight. I'm heading out to do your intro. Knock 'em dead, girl!"

I got into position behind the curtains while the last girl finished. Celeste walked out and began unbuttoning her shirt as she gave me my intro. About halfway through she whipped it off and let everyone see her bare boobs. When she finished the intro the lights went dark and I ran out while she ran backstage. I got into my pose and waited for the lights. Four bright spotlights turned on and focused on me. 

I was standing center stage in a Wonder Woman costume. My legs were spread slightly and my arms were over my head with my wrists crossed. The crowd went wild and I came. The rush from having all these people wanting me was so intense. I loved it.

I began swaying seductively and then starting my routine. I didn't remove anything during the first song, but I made certain everyone was aroused while watching me. The second song I chose certain guys in the audience by the stage and let the undress a piece of my costume. First, was my corset which left me in a bra and thong. Next, I let a guy I kinda knew from senior home room class to take off my bra. He made certain to grope my tits while pulling it off of me.

Then I reclined in front of another guy with my legs facing him and let him slide my wet thong down my legs. He got in a good feel as well. Now I only had on my boots, bracers, and tiara. I danced two more songs just wearing that and made a lot of physical contact with the guys around the stage. Geran got the best deal. At the very end of my routine I grabbed his head and shoved his face between my legs. My juices were running down my thighs and I felt him trying to lick up as much as he could before I shoved him away.

When the last song ended the lights went out and I slipped backstage. The crowd was going insane! I couldn't help myself. I fingered myself to a couple of super quick orgasms while waiting for all the tallying and crap to finish. I won the amateur contest of course. It was highly rigged for me to win and I went out to do my "victory dance" to two more songs. I left the tiara backstage. During those two songs I began to gently allow my pheromones to fill the room. By the end of the second song I was like an avalanche of pheromones pouring over the audience. I had my vampiric essence mixed in and all I needed now was to have sex with each person for them to become my blood slaves and sex slaves. Our little army of sleeper agents was going to get a big boost tonight and I was going to enjoy every minute of it.

The pheromones did the trick. At the end of the song I was swarmed on the stage and had a dick in my pussy and mouth in seconds. Others were groping every inch of my body. Sadly, these were just humans and I had them worked into a frenzy so no one was lasting more than a minute. On the plus side there were enough guys there that I was able to enjoy a constant fucking. It just wasn't with the same guy. Others were jerking off on me. I had cum everywhere after the first half hour. My pussy was leaking cum constantly and getting a new load almost every minute.

After the first hour, I decided to relax and just let them use me. I lay on my back with my legs spread wide and let guy after guy mount me and fuck me. I was having a constant wave or climaxes and they were made more intense knowing Geran was watching me. He had sprayed his cum on me twice so far, but he hadn't fucked me.

The first cat warrior entered me and I knew it wasn't a regular human instantly. My legs were forcibly spread wider and the cock shoved into me was larger, harder, and had the cat tongue texture. I groaned in another climax. Each cat fucked me hard and fast and I felt my boobs bouncing on my chest. They also lasted longer than the humans.

Eventually, everyone had a turn fucking me or getting sucked and round two began. The guys were lasting longer for their second climax and I loved it. I was able to get in some more intense orgasms. There were so many hands stroking every inch of me. My breasts, nipples, ass, and thighs constantly had hands and fingers roaming over them.

Someone flipped me onto my elbows and knees and I began taking cocks that way. I took longer than I thought but eventually they started fucking my ass. I was being used like a complete and total slut. I had become nothing more than a living place for all these guys to fuck. I live fuck doll. I got into the roll and enjoyed the feelings of climaxes and being used.

I had swallowed a ton of loads of cum and had even more spurted deep inside my pussy and ass. My tits were swaying under me as I was fucked hard from behind. Cum was dripping off of my nipples and running down my legs. My hair was thick with spunk. 

And each and every time someone fucked me they became even more devoted and loyal to me. The gang-bang didn't finish until the next morning. Those cat people were insatiable and could go and go and go. When the last one finally finished Geran and Vince got on stage and fucked me from both ends. They switched often and fucked me for a long time. I was a rag doll for their pleasure. They were also too strong to fall under my power which was good.

When they pulled out of me and stood me up I gave them both a hug and kiss. "My pussy is actually sore! That's never happened before." I looked at Geran, "You're cut off Mister. My pussy has had more than enough and needs to recuperate. Wow! It really is sore!"

Of course he reacted exactly the way I wanted and began fucking me again. I protested weakly about how I was too sore and couldn't take anymore. They took turns just fucking my slit over and over until they were exhausted. I felt sated for once. Yeah, my nymphomania was definitely out of control if I had to have sex that many times just to feel satisfied. We could work on it while we were under lockdown. 

I held on to Geran and told him, "Take us home. And thank you for letting me fulfill two more fantasies!"

Geran's Story:

Nicole's strip tease and mega gang-bang was incredibly arousing and exciting. I never thought she could actually let everyone there have sex with her multiple times. She was amazing. However, I fully intended to tackle her out of control nymphomania over the next couple weeks. She was too obsessed with sex. 

I needed to search my own mind. I recalled a time when I couldn't stand the thought of anyone else even looking at her that way. Now I got off on her promiscuity almost as much as she did. We had a lot of things to accomplish in a short amount of time. 

I 'ported us back to the fortress and we all showered and then ate. Everyone was there who should be there except Mom. I was a little concerned, but didn't give it a whole lot of thought. I began the lockdown procedures and the little fortress became as impregnable as we could have possibly made it. 

I gathered everyone together at the dinner table. "OK, people, we are in here for the duration. No one leaves and no one enters for the next two weeks. We've got tons of food and water and entertainment as well as work to do. We have internet access but it is heavily encrypted and scrambled so it will be slower than you are used to. It is also only accessible from the computer room. Nowhere else in here will get a signal.
