 Welcome back to the story! I apologize for the hiatus I took between volumes. I had some health issues and had to take a break from writing. It will take a bit longer between chapters than the previous ones and this one isn't that long so more apologies. I will try to get my dead ass busy on the story.

*****

Geran and Nicole – Chapter 16

Volume Two: Building an Apocalypse

Center for Disease Control – Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Office of Infectious Diseases.

"New one is confirmed. We're designating it as Ebola-152310-A. Very communicable and deadly. The incubation period is eight days."

"Confirmed and added to the database. Containment protocols are in place and it is currently controlled."

"Got it. Good job. Incidentally, who got this one?"

"Who the hell do you think?"

Several people groaned and complained. "Seriously? Stevens nailed this one, too? That makes what? Four damn diseases in a row? The guy is planting the diseases."

"Yeah. The man who never takes time off somehow got to a place in central Borneo; planted a brand new disease that he created; got back here without anyone noticing; and then won the pool."

"Well... he's got the most extraordinary luck of anyone I've ever heard of. Or he's figured out how to predict the outbreaks."

"Yeah. Shit. There's over six grand in the pot this time. Where is our lucky Deputy Director anyway?"

"Got called into the Director's office."

CDC – Office of the Director:

The Director was standing with his back to the room gazing out the large window. The fall foliage was in full force creating a tapestry of colored leaves outside. He sighed and sat back down at his desk. Looking across at the thin man seated in a large leather chair he collected his thoughts. "Stevens, this is the fourth brand new disease you've predicted. We need to know how you're doing it. If you've cracked some sort of code that shows the socio-communicable pattern of how a disease is formed or mutated we need to put that into a program so for once we can get ahead of the game. You even knew what strain it would be."

The thin man looked bored. "Mr. Acker," he began.

"James. Not Mr. Acker." The Director interrupted him.

"Of course. Sorry. It's not that difficult. I gave the IT team my algorithms weeks ago and they ignored them. The information is already at your disposal." 

Acker pressed a button on his phone, "Darlene, get Addams from IT up here post haste please." He stared at Stevens for a moment.

Stevens broke out in a huge grin, "That's not the real reason you're upset, is it? You're ticked because you listened to everyone else telling you the betting pool was a sure thing this time and there was no way I could possibly win four times in a row. How much did it cost you?"

"Asshole. Five hundred. Yes, that does irritate me. It irritates me more that you could figure this out and no one else could. I don't like you Stevens. You give me the creeps the way you play with diseases like they're your pets." Acker was quiet for a while and continued to glare at him.

Stevens broke the silence first. "So what do you intend to do about it? You can either let me do my job and help make the CDC one of the most effective and efficient actual disease control organizations or you can fire me and prove the CDC is just as petty and useless as every other government organization. So which one will it be?"

"Your job is safe. For now. Get out." Acker was fuming.

Stevens left and went back to the Infectious Diseases floor. He waved at his team, "Hey guys, where's my ill-gotten gains? Daddy needs a new ... well, I'm certain I'll think of something." 

His executive assistant Sarah handed him a thick envelope filled with cash. He opened it and fanned through the notes smiling.

"That makes such an awesome sound! You guys want to go double of nothing on the next one? No? No takers? Well, shit." He strode into his office with Sarah in his wake listing off his meeting schedule for the day. She closed and locked his office door; began undressing while finishing telling him his schedule. 

"Cancel Martin's meeting and see if Jhopur can have lunch with me today." He was also undressing. His thin body was oddly muscular. He admired Sarah's nude frame as she lay back on his desk and spread her legs widely for him. As he moved into position she reached towards him and grasped his huge erection and guided it towards her wet pussy. She closed her eyes as he entered her and began fucking her in a smooth rhythm much like a jogger attaining his stride. 

She knew there was no passion in him towards her. She was an alternative to masturbating for him, but she let him as the orgasms overtook her senses for the next hour until he came deep inside her.

When she came out of her post coital haze he was already dressed and gently stroking her breasts. Sitting up she felt his cum dripping out of her. "Dane, why do we do this every day? You make me feel great during it, but afterwards I feel so hollow. I could be anyone lying on your desk. Or even the desk itself the way you act. I can't do this anymore."

He looked at her for a moment. "No problem, we won't. Thanks for ride and don't forget to see if Jhopur can make lunch today." He handed her a towel.

She wiped their combined cum from her thighs. It always had a slight greenish tint to it, but even though she had insisted he be tested he showed absolutely no signs of any disease. 

Sarah dressed and left his office. Dane reclined in his chair and stared at the ceiling lost in thought. He didn't want to lose his job. Yet. Acker was going to look for any excuse to fire him now though so he had to find a way to eliminate that risk. Then there was the matter of those two kids in New England. He thought he had a couple more years before they found him and the wheels really were put into motion. 

He sighed. Too many things to consider. First things first. He activated a small portion of his powers and caused several cancer genes in the director to activate and metastasize. He would be gone in a week. Feeling better, he made reservations at one of his favorite restaurants and told Sarah to call Jhopur with the information. He knew Jhopur would meet him. He'd drop anything if Dane said he wanted to meet. It was nice to be rich and powerful.

Maybe he'd go horseback riding this weekend...

Angela Tells Their Story:

I do not enjoy communicating with the mortal realm and only undertake this endeavor out of necessity. 

It took them a little while to realize they were living ordinary lives for a while due to transferring to Miskatonic and being in a completely new environment. 

True to his growing paranoid self, Geran set up multiple residences for themselves. They had dorm rooms on campus with roommates, an apartment off campus, a warehouse two blocks away converted into a residence, and a farm with plenty of acreage to the northwest in a small town called Dunwich. He had the fortress stashed in a glade of trees close to the farmhouse.

Their demonic selves continued to dominate their libidos and intercourse was a favorite activity for them. Geran's drive was catching up to his sister's. 

I had insisted they go to Arkham due to its unique properties. The walls of reality were very weak there and gods long since dead had taken away the ability for any mystical energies to function in that area. It was a prison and burial site to many ancient, ancient, entities and due to magic not working there they were trapped until technology had sufficient power to awaken or destroy them. 

Geran's Story:

The next few days were fairly uneventful. Nicole and I spent as much time together as we possibly could. Mom gave us time to be together for about a week and then cornered us.

"Well, forget that for a while. What's the plan for today?"

"We're going to move to Arkham and enroll in Miskatonic University. Within the next few months I should be able to teleport the whole fortress there. I already bought a huge farm and land and am having a section reinforced to support the weight. It's called Whateley Farm I think. 

"Unfortunately, the farm is not in walking distance to the college so I also bought a small warehouse two blocks from Miskatonic and it's being converted to our living needs and we can easily teleport from there to the farm.

"Then, we're going to figure out how to find Pestilence and the vibro-girl."

She looked concerned, "You think there will be more attacks soon?"

I shook my head. "I don't know why, but I think we're safe for at least a month or so. I do want to enlist Meister's help again and swipe another billion or so from the Asian and South American drug lords. We're going to need the money to acquire more landing spots for the fortress."

In late August Nicole and I became the newest transfer students to Miskatonic University. We quickly discovered we were almost invisible. 

It irritated Nicole much more than me as she had become an extreme exhibitionist and loved the attention. She had to go out of her way to be noticed and then it was mostly by the human population of Arkham which I estimated was about thirty percent of the total population.

Since it was still late summer she did take advantage of the warm weather to wear some of the most revealing clothes she thought she could get away with. After a week of being ignored she gave up and began wearing what I would call normal college girl clothes. She still looked great, but barely anyone noticed her.

Arkham was home to more non-humans than we had ever known existed. We made many new friends although we mostly had to stick to the humans as they at least remembered us. We got involved in weekly activities like poker, war-gaming, movie nights, and other typical college stuff. She had about ten girls she would hang out with and I was close friends with about six other guys. We really reverted back to our "human" lives that seemed another lifetime ago.

Arkham was home to many dimensional rifts and graves of otherworldly things that should never be disturbed. The region itself was a magical null zone so no one could use mystical methods to awaken these ancient god-like entities. 

Dealing with a null zone got confusing. Our innate abilities still worked and apparently they weren't magical in nature. For example, I could still teleport and we both could fly. I could actually cast spells, but they had no effect. Out on Whateley's Farm, my spells had about 1% of their full power so that became the best place for me to test my strongest sorceries.

There was definitely something buried deep under the farm. We could feel it's alien touch in our dreams from time to time. Nicole and I tried to ignore it as much as possible. 

We spent our time going to class, practice fighting, spell casting, studying the books from the Black Library, being domestic, and of course fucking each other into oblivion. Nicole was getting a little antsy and wanted to start playing the field, but it was difficult with the anonymity we had gained. It didn't bother me as much until the second week of class when I noticed a blond girl in my socio-political dynamics class. I was sitting in class looking at the curves of her body and beautiful long wavy hair when my buddy Jim nudged me.

"Dude, the Prof is asking you a question." 

I came out of my daydream and looked at the teacher. "Yes Ma'am?"

"Mr. Parker. Are you paying attention? Can you answer my question?" Everyone in class was snickering at me. 

"No Ma'am. I was not paying attention and I don't know the question." I tried to cover by being honest.

She stared at me obviously irritated. "Care to let the class know what could be so important you feel the need to ignore the lecture?" She was trying very hard to embarrass me.

I decided to press ahead. "Well, I was gazing at that blonde girl sitting over there and wondering if I could get the nerve to ask her out because she looks incredibly gorgeous. Incidentally, Mrs. Stahl, if I hadn't been staring at her I probably would have been letting my eyes roam over your very shapely legs which you have showcases for us today in that skirt."

The class was split between laughing hysterically at me and sitting in stunned silence. "Mr. Parker, you will remain after class for a meeting." She was glaring daggers at me, but I could tell she was mildly flattered at the same time. My blonde beauty gave me a shy smile and winked at me before turning back in her seat. She had bright blue eyes.

I paid attention the rest of the class and behaved myself. After class I remained in my seat waiting for the shitstorm to start. And it did. 

Mrs. Stahl berated me for every offense imaginable from being disrespectful, to misogynistic, to becoming a future serial killer. "Mr. Parker, if you weren't my brightest student I would have you before the Dean asking for you to be expelled. However, you understand these concepts better than anyone I've ever met and probably can correlate the ramifications better than I can." She ran out of steam and sat in the desk in front of me.

"Mr. Parker, you may stay in my class and at this institution, but you are on VERY thin ice. One more such outburst and I will have you expelled. Is that clear?"

I sighed, "Yes Ma'am." I decided to use my corruption wave on her a little to soften her mood and make her happier. I didn't notice any effect and began increasing the intensity of it. Her nipples became erect and were making very attractive bumps in her blouse.

"Mr. Parker, you can stop that now. It doesn't work that well on me. Perhaps you need my lectures on more than one subject. The arousal effect works more effectively like THIS." Her eyes blazed gold and I was suddenly having an intense orgasm.

It must have lasted several minutes and when I came to my senses she had left and I was sitting on the floor with my pants filled with my cum. This was a thousand times more embarrassing than being called out in class. To make matters worse, the blonde girl was poking her head in the doorway looking at me.

She looked a little concerned, "Hey, you ok? Why are you sitting on the floor? Do you need some water or something?"

"Uhm, hi, yeah, some water would be great please," I wheezed out.

"I'll be right back!" She dropped her books by the door and scooted out. I looked around in a panic trying to figure out how to hide my wet pants. I managed to get my backpack slung around to cover most of my crotch when she came back in with a couple of bottles of water.

"Here. Mrs. Stahl work you over? She's known as the Tiger Shark you know. A man-eater." She looked at my pants and shifted the backpack aside. "Wow. She really made you erupt. You need more than that book bag to cover that sticky mess."

I was more stunned now than ever. "OK, I am officially super embarrassed now. Can I crawl under a desk until you leave?"

"Don't be silly. Guys cum all the time. I thought what you said was sweet and yes you can take me out tomorrow night. Here's my number and my name is Megan. See you at seven at this address." And then she turned and walked out. I was starting to wonder what a normal human female would be like. All I seemed to find were the 'way-out-there' girls. I decided to call it a day and teleported to the apartment. 

I materialized in the living room and headed towards the bathroom shucking clothes as I went. 

As soon as I entered the bedroom a foot came out from behind the door and impacted in my gut. It hit hard enough that I swore I could feel the toes against my spine. I doubled over only to have a knee crack against my forehead which flipped me onto my back.