 Welcome to Chapter 17. Sorry for the long delay and the short chapter, the past two months have been hectic and I do all my own editing so I get a little bogged down. Another issue is I don't write in order. Several chapters have been written but they aren't next to be posted. Hopefully, I can make up for lost time. Happy Holidays, Merry Christmas, Joyous Winter Solstice or whatever makes you happy.





A slender leg pressed down on my throat and there were two hands above my face with pink and green swirling flames surrounding them. Looking through the flames I recognized the face of the person assaulting me. It was my cute brunette second soulmate.

"Where are the books you stole?" she demanded pressing her leg a little harder on my neck. I made some gasping noises to answer her. I also started sneaking a very low level corruption wave on her.

She pulled back her leg enough for me to breathe. "The books aren't here. Why do you want them?"

Her stern expression was slowly softening as the corruption wave began to affect her. I estimated about ten or fifteen more minutes at this level and she would be pulling my clothes off. 

"They're family heirlooms."

"Uh huh. What are the titles?" The flames on her hands were flickering and dying out.

She suddenly stood up. "You're a dick. Those books belong to me. This isn't working. I'm going to leave and come back tomorrow and the books had better be here."

I needed to either stall for more time or increase the power. I chose the latter. Since I finally had a chance to see her properly I took advantage of the opportunity. She was more than cute. She was stunning. There seemed to be more than just beauty to her. She had a presence that made you want to have her.

I wasn't certain when it happened; I just suddenly realized we were locked in a passionate embrace with our tongues playing with each other. I was holding her and pressing her body against my erection. She was running her fingers over me and unfastening buttons and zippers when she found them.

She pulled away from me just enough to slip her hand in my pants and I felt her cool fingers grasped me and expertly found the most sensitive areas. Her hand was working me over and had me on the verge of an explosive climax. I had her shirt open and was fondling her breasts and toying with her nipples. She pulled me closer and licked my ear while whispering hotly, "Cum for me." I did and it was one of the strongest orgasms I had ever had.

She pulled her hand out of my pants and licked my jizz from her fingers. "You taste really good. You don't need to play tricks to get me into bed. I'm really attracted to you as well for some damn reason. I should be really upset with you for pulling that 'make her horny' crap. But I suppose in some ways I had it coming."

She took my hand and led me towards the bedroom. "Let's call a truce and compare notes. Get undressed and in the bed."

As I was stripping I tried to figure out when I lost control of this situation and decided I never had it to begin with. I hoped she wasn't as bossy once I knew her better.

She was undressing as well and had a great body. We slid into bed and she snuggled up and put her head on my shoulder. "I'm glad you enrolled here. You'll want to start studying at the Forbidden Campus. It's a stupid name since it hasn't been forbidden for years, but it's where you can learn better control and new sorceries. That 'horny' thing you tried to do – you can learn how to really make it subtle so I wouldn't notice it."

Her hair smelled nice and her skin was very smooth and soft. "So you're what? A witch?"

"NO! Well, technically yes. I prefer sorceress."

"But still training and learning. And without a library card to a certain Black Library, right?"

She leaned up and looked at me. "Do you know there are people here who have tried to enter that room for years and haven't even gotten the doors open? You and that other chick just waltzed in and out like you owned it. How?" I tried to kiss her. "Kiss later. How did you get in?"

I sighed, "You won't like the answer. I don't know how we got in other than to tell you the room let us in or the barriers around it don't affect us or make up your own reason."

"Can you get back in?"

"Anytime I want. And anticipating your next question I don't know if I can take a guest with me. You might not want to be with me in there. Quite a few of the books may think I brought you as a snack."

"Shit. I need to think about this. OK, here's a good question: what are you? You look human but that doesn't mean anything."

I hesitated not knowing how much to trust her. She was as bonded to me as Nicole was, but it might take time. I took a leap of faith. "I'm a crossbreed of demon and angel."

She huffed and lay back down. "Fine! If you don't want to tell me just say so. You don't need to make up bullshit stories."

"It's not bullshit. It's true. I have demonic / angelic blood in my veins. I mostly use the demonic powers and I know a bunch of spells. I don't know how to use the angelic side. Yet."

She was propped up on her elbow again. Her moving around did the most wonderfully distracting jiggling of her boobs. "There's still more isn't there? None of that no matter how improbable or rare seems likely to get you into the Black Library. You were in there looking for answers as to what else you are."

"I need some dumb women in my life. Ones that just lie around and spread their legs for me whenever I'm in the mood. You're either incredibly smart and intuitive or you've been doing research and spying on me."

She looked a little embarrassed. "Some of both. But I'll spread my legs for you." 

Grinning she maneuvered herself over me and lowered her sleek thighs on either side of my head and placed her pussy on my lips. She tasted divine and I put all my effort into working her wet lips and erect clit into an orgasmic frenzy. She rode my face for quite a while until she had enough. I rolled us over and positioned myself between her legs. She spread them wide and pulled me towards her. I slid all the way in with one slow push and then held still.

She kissed me again and then said, "Since you've got demonic blood then you can shapeshift some. Make your dick bigger. I'm a size queen."

I slowly made it longer and thicker until she told me to stop. "OK, that feels about right. Now make just the head of your dick bigger. A little more...OK. Now fuck me as hard as you can."

I hammered away at her. She had already been tight but now she was ultra-tight. Her pussy had a slight texture to it that was causing me to briefly climax every few strokes. A few minutes later I entered the realm of the continuous orgasm.

I don't remember how long I was inside her. I lost track of all time and was overwhelmed by the orgasmic sensations. When I woke up I was in bed with her asleep on one side of me and Nicole asleep on the other side. Nicole woke up while I was watching her.

"Have a good time? The neighbors complained about the noise."

"When did you get here? Did you get a chance to meet...uhmmm."

"Kelly? Her name is Kelly. Maybe you should ask these things BEFORE you put your dick in someone."

"You're one to talk Little Miss Super Slut." I retorted.

"I can't help it if I have a healthy libido."

"Then why do I have to?" I asked.

She didn't miss a beat. "Because I said so."

"Are you two always so noisy? I'm trying to sleep over here. And recover. I think I have a sprained pussy." Kelly stretched and yawned.

"When's breakfast anyway? I'm starved and I've got a big day ahead of me. I've got to get you enrolled in the FC so you can start learning some new spells." She got up and stretched again. I watched all the curves stretching and twisting and began to get hard.

They both noticed. Nicole prodded me out of bed. "Go take a shower and get her stink off of you. My stink suits you better." About halfway through my shower my brain began to clear and I wondered if it was a very good idea to leave them alone and in the same room. I finished and quickly dressed and found them at the dining table still nude laughing and giggling. A sudden silence filled the room when they saw me enter.

"You two are getting along ok? I assume you were talking about me?"

They both burst out laughing. Nicole got up and gave me a hug. "You're so predictable, but I love you anyway. I bumped into Kelly three days ago and we set the whole thing up. Of course, I already had sex with her but I gave her lots of little secrets which is why you had such mind blowing sex."

"So it's ok with you that she and I are more than just sex buddies?"

"Dummy! If she's your soulmate and I'm your soulmate then she's my soulmate too. You will marry her soon and we'll have a threesome honeymoon." She had a very smug expression.

Kelly piped up, "Hey, don't I get a say in all this?"

"Of course! You can decide what you want to wear." Nicole replied. 

Mentally she told me, *You're going to have your hands full with her. She has way more fetishes than I do and they seem to be stronger than mine. She's a hardcore exhibitionist, size queen, and she wants to be gangbanged and have a bukkake party. She has a rape fantasy and a gang rape fantasy, but I told her it isn't rape if she wants it that badly. I guess she could be the one doing the raping. She says she's got an interracial fetish too – not just different colored humans – she wants to try some real other races like us.*

*You two are going to end up fucking me to death.*

*You love it. And us.*

I looked over at Kelly. "We need to figure out how to make you telepathic with us. It is a very useful skill. I suppose there are a lot of things we need to go over."

She shook her head, "Not today. Today we go meet more spell slingers. Bring the slut with you." She said pointing at Nicole.

"Takes one to know one." 

Atlanta, Georgia:

It was drizzling and cold. About fifty or so mourners were at the grave as James Acker's body was lowered into the ground. Dane was in the back under a large black umbrella. He loved cemeteries. He could feel the putrid corpses rotting in the ground filled with noxious gases and bacteria. Acker's body was particularly riddled with diseases as Dane had overdone it with his powers. Acker had dies from an untreatable version of Hemorrhagic Fever in less than three days.

Dane had snuck a blood sample from Acker while he was in the hospital. The blood sample had been added to his already enormous collection of diseases. He didn't need any of them, he just liked having them close by. They were like soothing music to him.

"Soon," he said to himself, "Soon there will be music everywhere." 

In the meantime he needed to see the two that could upset his life in a very, very big, way. On the way back from the funeral he called his assistant and chartered a plane to Boston. He had her meet him at the plane with his clothes, laptop, and a few other sundries. 

As he settled down in his seat for a nap he sighed. Complications, he thought. Always damn complications.

He awoke when the plane landed and had a new assistant meet him with dossiers, schedules, addresses, and all the information that could be gathered on the twins in the amount of time he gave. It was actually a fairly impressive amount, but none of it was really relevant to what he needed. He got in the back of a black Cadillac Escalade with a gin and tonic and read through the material while the assistant drove them to Arkham and then navigated the narrow roads to Miskatonic.

She pulled into an old Bed and Breakfast and checked Dane in while he went to his room, showered and dressed. Then he ate a light meal and planned how to look over them without confronting them. He had his route planned and with about thirty minutes to kill walked the route twice to decide the best way to view them. The girl, Nicole was first on the list. Her class was over first. 

He got into position and began a slow purposeful stride across the campus on the route he chose. He carried a walking stick which made him more noticeable. When she came into view he almost stumbled. Having never been in the presence of another Horseman, or a succubus, or someone as stunningly beautiful as her he was almost thrown from his plan and the walkway.

She was still twenty yards away when he came to his senses and formulated a new plan. He kept his stride even and fluid while still walking towards her and then flicked a thought at her. It would have stunned a human and brought them to their knees. To her it was a moth's wing on her shoulder.

She glanced over and instantly noticed the tall, slender man. Seeing him for the first time she stumbled and caught herself. She slowed her pace to almost standing still. Staring at him she began noticing details. He was physically in great shape. He was wearing very expensive tailored clothes. A beautiful black leather trench coat over his immaculate costly suit. His walking cane had gold and gems in the handle. He did not even look at her. She wanted to be seen more than ever at that point. She wanted his eyes on her nude body so she could see the admiration and lust in his eyes. 

He was almost alongside her now. Nicole couldn't decide what to do and froze. Just as they passed his eyes flicked to hers and they locked for a split second.

In that instant she felt the power of this man and desperately wanted to be naked on her back while he thrust into her body with great passion and force. Then the desire changed to a vision and she could feel him on top of her. She could feel his cock spreading her apart as it entered. She gave a small moan and blinked her eyes rapidly returning to herself. Whipping her head around she searched for where he went. She spotted him about fifty yards away about to enter a building. Nicole ran for the building trying to catch him.

He was nowhere to be seen.

Dane almost called off the second reconnaissance to see the boy after seeing her. He calmed his beating heart and got into position to see him. When the boy appeared Dane knew he was a power to be reckoned with. In actuality, Nicole's power was more formidable, but Dane was thinking correctly due to her presence. 

He could see the sorcerous power seething in Geran and the Horseman power just about to burst from him. Dane knew he had to interfere with the boy at least so he didn't kick off the Apocalypse and end up destroying the world instead of altering it.

As he and Geran walked past each other they pretended not to see one another. Afterwards, Dane made his way back to the Cadillac and told his assistant to find the best restaurant within fifty miles and book a table for three. He went back to the Bed and Breakfast to lie down and think.

Geran's Story:

Living with two beautiful, willful, super intelligent women can have a draining effect I found. I was using my replicas to help out since both seemed insatiable. The replicas mostly went to class and did homework. I was passing with straight A's. 

Kelly kept finding new things she liked. Double penetration with just one guy. Having copies of the same guy. 

She also had some tricks of her own. She used a spell to greatly enlarge her clitoris and spent a very long afternoon fucking Nicole. Then she used the same trick on Nicole and after three hours Nicole was fucking an unconscious Kelly. We were enjoying life to its absolute fullest. Then we walked past THAT guy and everything changed again.