 Geran's Story:

When I got to our apartment there was a big limo parked outside. Once I entered, Nicole was on me.

"Get ready! We have a dinner date with some rich guy who says he has information we need." She pushed me towards the bedroom where my clothes were already laid out for me.

She was dressed in a slinky red mini-dress with a plunging neckline. I could tell she wasn't wearing any underwear. 

"This wouldn't happen to be a tall, slim guy with expensive tastes in clothes would it?" I asked while dressing.

"You saw him too? Yeah, I think it's the same man. He has a strange aura."

"He has a dangerous aura. OK, I'm ready. Let's go meet Mr. Mystery and hope this isn't another set up. You ready for combat if it comes to that?"

"Better believe it."

We got in the limo and rode the short distance to the restaurant.

Nicole looked excited, "We haven't been here. It's supposed to be really good."

When we entered the maitre d' know who we were and escorted us upstairs to a cozy horseshoe shaped booth with a small round table where the man was sitting. No one else was sitting upstairs. He rose and shook our hands.

"My name is Dane Stevens. Thanks for meeting with me. We have many things to discuss. Please sit."

He sat on one side of the horseshoe, Nicole scooted to his right in to sit next to him and then I sat next to her on her right. The tablecloth was long and hid everything under the table so Nicole slipped her leg over mine spreading herself for me. She gave me a mental wink, *In case you get bored now you have something to play with.*

The upstairs was fairly dark and the table was only illuminated by candlelight. 

Dane said, "I hope you don't mind the seating arrangements, I'm a southpaw and didn't want to bang my elbow into this lovely young woman all through the meal." He motioned the waiter over and ordered several bottles of wine.

I was suspicious and acting very cautiously towards him. I could feel he was very powerful but I couldn't quite identify what type of power. Dane caught my eyes.

"You don't know who or what I am, do you? How is that possible? I can plainly see you are Conquest and she is War. You haven't tapped your abilities yet? If that's the case how did you manage to send out a signal announcing you were here?" He looked slightly aggravated with me and bedazzled with Nicole. 

"You're a Horseman?" I asked. "You don't have the right feel."

"How would you know? She's the only other Horseman you have encountered. Will you permit me to hold your hands? You first Geran." He held out his hands and grasped mine. I felt a power crack open a door in my mind. The aspect of Conquest poured through the door and then it was gone. 

"You'll be able to do that by yourself from now on. Now you, my dear" 

He held Nicole's hands a little longer than mine and almost caressed them. "Now you know a tiny bit about yourselves. Feel my aura now."

We spoke simultaneously, "Pestilence."

"Nice to meet you both. We have to discuss the upcoming Apocalypse, when and if it should happen, and what shape it should take if any. I'm old. Much older than you can imagine. I really like a lot of what this world offers, but I can certainly enjoy a pandemic or two." He kept talking.

Nicole tapped me mentally. *Geran, he's playing footsies with me.*

*Do you want me to tell him to stop?* I asked.

*No. It feels pretty good."

Dane paused his oration while the wine was poured and we ordered.

"My position on the Apocalypse is not everything needs to change. These humans are dead set on destroying themselves, the world, and everything on it but we can reshape that into a much better future." 

He spoke on saying mostly the same things in different ways. I got the impression he was trying to find a plan that we responded to as well as keeping my attention at bay while he had part of his attention on Nicole.

The meal was five courses. By the second course Nicole mentally told me his hand was on her knee. By the third he was caressing her leg. When the fourth arrived she gave a small gasp.

*Geran, he just put my leg over his like I have over yours. I am spread WIDE open and exposed. His hand is stroking me closer and closer to my pussy.*

*You want him to stop? Say the word.* I was both turned on that she was aroused and irritated as his brashness. I think it had a lot to do with us both being Horsemen.

*Yes, no, I don't know. No, it really feels good. He has an almost electric touch.*

*Then what's the issue?* I could feel an almost frustration in her thoughts.

*I don't like him. But he makes me super horny. I want him to fuck me like a cheap whore and humiliate me and at the same time I'd like to beat the shit out of him. The conflicting emotions make the experience even hotter. Oooooooooooooooooohhhhhh. He just slid his finger inside me. He really knows how to finger a girl. Shit! I'm cumming!*

Dane and I continued to talk, well, mostly he talked while we ate. 

Nicole kept her composure enough to eat, add a comment here and there, and still have several orgasms on Dane's talented fingers.

*Geran? I have to see what his dick is like.*

*Wait until the after dinner drinks when your hands are free.*

*I REALLY want him to bend me over the table and fuck me. I want him to cum in me and cum on my face. I want him to make me walk through town with his jizz all over my face and tits and have everyone notice. I want him to rip my dress open and have my boobs exposed and have a collar and leash on me.*

*Sounds like you're having fun.*

*I also want nothing to with him. I don't want him anywhere near me. I want to smash his face in for even daring to look at me.*

*Nicole, you've got some serious issues with this guy. Although on the plus side, you've found someone who could actually fulfill your rape fantasy.*

The thought of him taking her without her permission made her climax again. When all the dishes were cleared and we were just sitting at the table talking she slid her hand under the table.

*Geran, I'm reaching for it, but I'm really nervous. I found his zipper and I'm sliding it open. No underwear, just a big bare cock. He's so hard. He must want to shove this thing deep inside me while he's squeezing my tits. I bet he's thinking about fucking me doggy style. I'm gonna use your corruption thing and make him cum. Oh yeah, he's shooting thick jets of cream all over my hand. I need you to go to the restroom for a moment so I can eat his load.*

I excused myself and went to the restroom. *Geran, he doesn't taste as good as you, but he tastes pretty damn good. OK, I've slurped it all down and he's zipping back up. He's finally left my pussy alone and we're straightening our clothes.*

I came back to find them in pretty much the same positions. He chose the table well to hide their activities. I sat down.

"So Nicole and I need to discuss this. How do we get back in touch with you?"

He handed both of us a business card. Nicole gave a short laugh, "The CDC, why didn't we think of that?"

Dane started to get up and so did we. "Nicole, I think it would be best if you joined me for a nightcap to discuss how we could make a pretend Apocalypse without kicking off the real thing. Geran, it was a pleasure." He started ushering us downstairs.

As we got outside Nicole put her hand on his chest and pushed him to arm's length. "Thanks for dinner and dessert, but I am going home with my husband." She wrapped her arm around mine.

Dane had a very confused look on his face. "I was told you were siblings. I thought you were siblings. You two are married?"

"Yes. Thanks again and good night." She kissed his cheek and I shook his hand. We got into the limo and were whisked away. His face glowed red in the taillights of the limo and his expression was one of confusion and irritation.

"Geran, I need you to make love to me tonight. Not sex and not fucking. I need you to do what you like best with me."

I gave her a nice kiss. "When we get inside I am going to worship your body all night long."

"Good." She snuggled in closer. "I really need that and you."

Nicole's Story:

Fucking shit I didn't know what was wrong with me. I never have conflicting emotions, especially about sex and that piece of shit had me wanting to lick his balls. Or bite them off. The conflict made it that more arousing. And fuck did he know how to work my clit and pussy. I was still dripping from the workout during dinner. I knew as much as I couldn't stand the man we would fuck sometime soon and it would be amazing.

He had a really nice cock too. I think it surprised him how quickly I made him cum. He enjoyed watching lick his cum from my fingers. His arrogance of thinking I was going to his hotel pissed me off to no end. Maybe if I disguised myself and went there as a hooker. No, he would see my aura. Shit, shit, shit. I need Geran. He's my rock and the other part of my soul. I just need him tonight. Not Dane. Not even Kelly right now. I'll make it up to her and she'll understand. 

We got to our apartment and Geran carried me inside and straight to our bedroom. He slid my dress off and I adored the look of love and desire on his face as he ran his gaze over me. I was only wearing shoes and jewelry. He placed me in the center of our bed and began massaging my back and over the next hour massaged every inch of my backside from my feet to my neck. Then he rolled me over and did the same to my front. After that we spent a long time kissing and caressing each other.

He was hard the entire time and when his erection pressed against me I could feel the heat from it. Next he kissed down my body and sucked my nipples until I climaxed. His journey down my body continued as he kissed and sucked and licked. He spent a long time on my inner thighs before finally lightly tonguing my pussy and clit. Then the orgasms took over and I don't remember much until I felt him pressing his weight on me and slowly entering both my pussy and ass. He usually supported most of his weight, but I really liked the sensation of him on me this way. It made me feel I was even closer and was more 'his.' 

We kissed. He stroked my body. He made love to me all night. He knew when I was finally ready and our minds merged into one and he filled me with his essence. Our bodies were pleasure and love made solid. The room was illuminated by us. Our auras had become glowing nimbuses.

We stayed on that plateau for a while and slowly began our descent. We rolled over so I was lying on him. He was still inside me. We fell asleep.

Arkham, MA, 

The Tentacle and Talon Pub

Dane was drinking heavily at the bar. The bartender wanted to close the pub but didn't dare tell Dane to leave. The aura coming off the man was pure danger.

Dane flipped his glass upside down on the bar and motioned for another drink. He couldn't understand what had happened. He never got bad info. How had the info in the dossier been so fucked up? Everything in the folders said siblings. There was nothing to indicate otherwise much less marriage. Was she fucking with him? No woman EVER escaped his grasp. Especially when he had worked her over like he had. She should be in his bed right now moaning like her life depended on it and making him cum until he couldn't get an erection.

There had been a few other women who had made him feel this way so she wasn't unique. She was very rare. The last one had been during the 1800's. She had been a sweet girl from the Southern US. Unfortunately, she had been killed during the silly war of the States. 

Before her it was a woman in the 1600's. She had met him in London when he was having a blast spreading the Black Death. He rescued her from the plague and set fire to London.

Each woman he thought about was his within minutes of meeting. Why not this one? What was special or different about her? He had noticed a kind of chemistry between them he had never seen before. Did they share 'true love' whatever that was? 

He downed his drink and flipped the glass. "One more for the road barkeep and then I'll leave. Make it a double." He downed his last drink in a couple of gulps, threw a few hundred dollar bills on the bar and staggered out into the night air.

He walked very unsteadily towards the Bed & Breakfast only to find it securely locked. "Damn and double damn," he thought. Fucking Holiday Inn it is. He hailed a cab and went to fume and pass out.

Mom's Interlude:

I was performing a summoning of several mid-level demons to take care of several tasks for me when the shock hit me. The summoning was ruined and at least a score of imps, devils, and demons popped through and raced for freedom. I let them go and tried to concentrate on my two special children. 

The occult fortifications of Arkham and Miskatonic still prevented me from seeing them. I knew, though. I knew. That interfering idiot had broken my barriers in their minds and enabled them to access their true powers.

It was way too soon. The problem was once that particular djinn was out of the bottle it could never be put back in. I had contingency plans for such an event but they were risky and not as reliable as my original plan. 

Even the entities in Arkham could not prevent them from attaining their true potential. Sone of those ancient creatures would even try to help them, seeing a way for them to emerge. Angela made a cataclysmic error sending them there.

I felt the next rumble. One of the Great Seals had broken. The whole world would know something was happening. Most would accept some ridiculous story, but there were others, very powerful others, who would know what the signs pointed to. 

I went to my desk and looked at my laptop. The event was all over the internet already. The sun was rising in the west.

To be continued...