 "You know I was planning on getting drunk today. Her dad paid for an open bar."

"I know. I'm so sorry to drag you into this."

I sighed. I knew I would regret this.

He'd texted me saying he needed help with something and well, me being in the same hotel before his wedding and all, and his best friend, I came right up. I wasn't wearing an expensive dress. A Decent one. I'd sit on his side of the aisle but since the Bride's mom had planned it, it was mostly her friends and family. Brian's Mom was gone anyways.

The hotel was...lavish. I'd been invited, being not of the bride's social group but as a formality-I don't think they expected me to go. The hotel was spanish style, right on the beach, an enclosed by building itself, a pristine pool with water streams that arced into it and lit up at night. It was impeccably fairy tale-esque.

The wedding was over a weekend, and the bride Sarafina had been there since Friday, frolicking in a matching bathing suit with her bridesmaids on the beach and open cabana bar. Invitations meant any costs went to the wedding account.

But you know, he was a programmer who scored it big with a blonde and was fucking it up.

I took a deep breath.

"Where's the hotel stationery?"

"On the...desk.." he seemed confused. I walked over, sat down and pulled a sheet of paper towards me, then started writing. It wasn't going to be a great contract, but I had to be in one before I could shift to that person, via the accords.

"I will do this for you, but you will owe me."

"Yeah...what?"

I was writing still.

"I need permission, preferably written, to take the countenance of another. I can handle your wedding for you."

"What?" He was lulling a bit to the side, like you might do when you still haven't gotten your land legs after a tilty ride.

"Read it." It was short, only a paragraph.

I, the signed, agree to allow Mereen Sikka, Shapeshifter, to borrow my countenance, identity and voice for the duration of my wedding, today. In her hand no damage to reputation shall be undertaken, as her honor is my honor, and the basic stated contract blah blah blah. Nothing fancy.

I hated this part. The words of the contract are part of the accords, and normally a specialist lawyer or my handler would peep at this but the main ceremony was in like an hour and a half.

Also he ate like 20 hash cakes judging by the smell and the empty bag, so he was probably a stiff breeze away from a serious nap, and I wanted to get permission before it was too late. I didn't want his wedding to be ruined.

"You owe me for this." I hissed. I took his phone off the bedside table and pressed mine into his hands, putting the contract in my clutch. I took out a small finger pricker, used for diabetics. This would be plenty for his form, for what, 6-8 hours? I sat him down and pricked his finger, then squeezed his hand to well up a good bead of blood, then sucked it off.

"Ow what the hell Mer!" He trailed off as I moved away from him and slipped my dress off.

We were in his room, which made this easier. I could just slip back into my mine, chuck my clutch and dress. Or keep the clutch at least. Men's clothing has way better parkets. Dress, Bra, Underwear, and Pantyhose came off. I'd become a pro at quickchange recently so it was no longer an hour process. I knew him so well so mimicry would be easier. I figured 10 minutes, tops?

His eyes looked me up and down. I'd always been a bigger lady. He was taller than me, but slimmer, more muscles, a good lookingish guy. We just never developed romantically.

Burnished auburn hair, big longish, but still kept neat. Facial hair. I cracked my neck and stepped towards his tux, still in it's garment bag. A fine light grey and charcoal 3 piece set, and a fresh boutonniere from the florist, coral and poppy.

I changed into his tux quickly. It fit me. I mentally patted myself on the back for a good job. Got into his trouser socks and shoes, and slipped his phone into my pocket.

"Well how do I look? Also your wedding starts in like 45 minutes so I am rushing a bit."

He gaped "You're...a...shapeshifter?"

"Skinwalker. But not technically because not native. Yes Shape changer. I only do it via contract."

"How..."

"Explanation later, wedding now." I checked the mirror. Practiced a few facial expressions I'd seem him use.

"I'll be back to check on your later. Please order room service or something but do not leave your room. I'll handle Sarafina's Family and Sarafina." I bundled up my clothes and slipped down to my room to drop off the clutch, and tucked my room key into my coat pocket.

The ceremony started at noon. The idea was to be ready about 15 minutes before etc etc anyways, I hate weddings, but also love them, ya ken? Anyways there was already a snack table out and his bulk was bigger than mine. I knew the photographer would be with the bride and 8 bridesmaids at the Hotels' Private Spa getting ready still. They really spared no expense. I decided to snack, then go greet guests. I mean, I had nothing else to do until noon.

I got a text. "Ring. best man. Vows on notes app"

Ahh the fool. See I already knew this because I paid attention. I'd been a hanger on since Saturday morning with his group but I'd caught their stag party and it was 0% hooker and 70% him stressing over the vows and the ring. It was pretty enough. Stately for someone spending so much money otherwise.

I walked along the aisle and shook hands of people that looked important. "Thank you for joining us today. Thank you for coming." I got a text from the bride. Replied.

This was going to be so easy.

I checked the notes app. He'd written 3 sentences in it and it was mostly about how beautiful she was. Yawn. I knew better poetry but i would stick to what he wrote.

I mean just...the groom never does much.

Show up, smile, pay for things right?

I passed the half hour mark easily. Even took a bathroom break. I would miss getting drunk. Can't drink on jobs.

So the music starts 15 minutes till and I head up to the front.

8 Bridesmaids. Do you know how long that takes? Like a good while. So 15 minutes after noon the first groomsmen and Bridesmaid comes down the aisle. Then a few more seconds of music. Then the next. Felt like forever. I thought I saw a flicker of curtains from his room, it faced the square of green between the hotel and the beach where the wedding was being held.

Finally it was the maid of honor then the best man, who I held out a hand to and he clapped it. It was the bride's brother, who I didn't know that great, personally. But I figured it was his idiocy that left a shitton of edibles in easy reach of the groom.

Then the wedding march started. And there Sarafina was, being escorted by her dad, who'd spent the past few days at the nearby golf course. He stopped with her midway down the aisle to flip back her veil, this long silk number in a single oval slice. Her dress was lace, sleeveless but not strapless, with a long train that slid over the grass.

I smiled at her. I produced just a bit of tear, enough for it to glisten.

Her maid of honor arranged the train and the music stop. She handed over her giant bouquet of poppies and peonies in peach. I took her hands, and the ceremony began.

I mean it was simple really. You do what the priest says. Dearly Beloved, we are gathered here today. I passed off my forgetfulness of the exact movements as me being nervous. I said his vows.

I held my hand out for the ring. It was very ceremonial.

It still kind took me by surprise for the kiss, though.

We had chemistry. Like, crazy stuff, I took her chin with my hand and lifted it up, and put my hand on the small of her back and she just went so pliant, melding against me. I kept it short, no tongue, I wanted his wedding to be nice you know?

She comes away flushed. So strange. I'd had some sex before while shifted, so...oh hell.

I just remembered about the garter.

Anyways, it was a nice kiss. I released her and everyone clapped as we held hands and we were introduced as Mr and Mrs. Brian and Sarafina.

And then the ceremony was over. I went with the bridal party for photos, obviously. And I briefly wondered if it would be weird that his wedding photos would have a doppelganger of him in them.

They were setting up the giant reception, rearranging the chairs and floral pieces when the photographer was done with the poses. Doing the whole wedding party, then just the brides and bridesmaid, then Me and the Groomsmen, then me and Sarafina, lastly, in like 20 different poses. When were were done I wanted to check on Brian, so I said I was going to dump the jacket in the hotel room and just wear the vest.

I got up there and he had passed out on a chair. I moved him to the bed and transferred the jacket to a hanger, then the boutonniere from the jacket to the vest. I should keep it after this. As a trophy. I make sure I have his key card, my key card and his phone, and leave again.

So the reception was finally some proper food, not a plated dinner, a buffet. Catering. They'd assigned an attendant to bring us plates.

"Just...bring me something of everything." I said. Sarafina had a salad, with nuts and salmon. I kind of...something brought a gift to the table, a small box.

"Oh I'm sorry," Sarafina stood up and beckoned the older woman to the side.

I could hear the exchange still.

"Yes well-we asked-for the registry to just donate to a charity in our names. The registry was a list of our favorites. We couldn't possibly need for anything, but there are plenty of people out there that do." The older woman sounded annoyed but returned with her gift.

I had...not known this. Brian had not given me any info about her registry, but I had assumed it was just overpriced napkin rings and silverware. Charity? Wow. 

Sara smiled and took my hand as she sat down. She was in a new dress, different from the ceremony one. A salmon pink, more lace, sheer fabric. Classy. Delicate.

I won't lie, I'd already kind of decided but she solidified that feeling.

The garter was simple enough. I deftly brushed a hand up her dress, unclasped it, and removed it.It was more modest than some I'd seen, but she still flushed.

The afternoon went on, I never drank, it was like lunch anyway so no one questioned my single flute of champagne and then water. I kept one hand on my bride.

And finally as the festivities wore down before dinner, she leaned over to me and brushed a hand against my crotch. I smirked a bit. It was only 5pm or so, but I was tired from the day. Ready to be away from roughly 500 people, too.

She led me back to her room-The Bridal Suite-the Pearl Suite A separate room from his so she could have photos in it the day of, of her wedding dress.

I gripped her waist and spun her around, then pulled her curled hair aside and licked her neck, unzipping her dress as I kissed up to her ear, then turned her around to kiss on the mouth.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked.

See this is the evil part of me for sure. I didn't feel bad about fucking my best friend's now-wife. I felt gleeful. I'd been spurned for like 80% of this wedding then had to be the one who came forward and saved the day.

"Yes, fuck, please." She replied.

It made me glad I added a bit of girth to his cock, and 1/4th inch when erect.

I slipped her dress off, to the floor.

"People will see." she pointed to the open curtains.

"No one will look, we're 5 stories up."

I unclasped the longline strapless bra underneath but kept on her panties. I played with her nipples, twisting them, rubbing them in gentle circles, finding the right combo to make her gasp and pant, heavy with sexual need.

"Please..." She said, impatient, trying to take off my clothes.

"Mmmm not yet love, not yet." I kissed her again, holding her waist to me.

I was going to fuck my best friend's wife.

I picked her up and brought her to the bed, then unbuttoned my pants and took them off, and stroked my cock in front of her, before pushing her panties aside and pressing into her wet slit.

I fought out of the shirt and vest while thrusting into her slowly, and she laughed and helped me out of it, kissing me between breaths.

"Yessss" she was flushed, her legs wrapped around me, trying to pull me closely.

"Fuck..." I pulled out, she was soaked, Ready. Horny. Lustful. I was going to cum in her. I reached down with one hand to roll her swollen clit with my fingers and removed her panties with my other.

"Hold up your beautiful tits for me." I ordered and she grasped them both, playing with the nipples before holding them together in front of her. I leaned down and sucked both swollen, erect nipples, flicking them with my tongue, then rolling them between my teeth gently.

She groaned.

"Stop teasing me please."

I laughed, then slid my cock back into her, thrusting more vigorously this time, still leaning down to suck her tits while she laid on the bed. I picked up a hand to rub her clit again, and she came after a few minutes of steady attention, where I paid attention to how ragged her breathing got depending on the motions I used. She came, tight gasps, almost pained. Beautiful noises. I pulled out of her and licked her glorious, now wet cunt with my tongue, her clit, her swollen lips from fucking, she tasted like musk and sex.

"Turn over." I helped her a bit by grabbing a leg and helping her turn.

Her round, hits the gym 3x a week ass was up in the air. I adjusted her hips then pulled them towards me.

"God you're so beautiful" I murmured. "So fucking beautiful." I slid into her just as easily as before, she moaned into the bedsheets.

Her ass slapped against my thighs, she was rocking back and forth, lost in the feeling of such animal pleasure.

She came again. I came in her this time.

"God that your fucking cunt feels so good." I was emptied into her, and she came again, playing with her clit, I felt her fingers brush my balls as I sunk into her over and over.

I pulled out, then buried my face in her delicious musky cunt once more.

"Fuck...yes...fuck...yes." She ground herself against my face, her cunt puffy, raw, well fucked, juicy. I pulled back then gently stroked her cuntlips.

"Fuck fuck. Stop. stop. Time for a break." She said.

I put my hand down.

"Mmmm...Agreed." I went to the bathroom while she laid on the bed and washed up what was all over my face, hands, crotch. When I came back she was sleeping, covered in sheets. 

I put on a robe on to go get Brian from his room, stuffing her lacy bridal panties into the pocket of the robe, and taking my own phone back, and making sure to return him his. I got a photo of them both sleeping together.

I went back to my room, and fell asleep in bed. I slept the sweet sleep of thieves.

*****

Author's note: This came from a strange dream! I felt it might be worth sharing with others, I can't be the only woman who has dreams with narratives.