 This is the second part of my story about Anna, the cow girl. Obviously I would prefer that you read the first part before you read this part. The first story was from Anna's perspective and this story is from her owners perspective. 

This is the story of how I, Kazuhiro got my very own cow girl named Anna. At first she hated me, but now we are in love. She is my loyal life partner, my busty slave and my human cow. It all started when she suddenly walked into my life. I fell madly in love with Anna the first time I saw her. 

Anna was a stunning blond girl who came to Japan from a western country called Sweden. She was so beautiful and smart. I was working as a gym teacher and she got hired as the new English teacher. We often met in the hallways and talked during breaks, she was always nice and spoke good Japanese, at least for a foreigner.

Sadly, she did not feel the same way about me. I did my best to get close to her, I talked to her as often as I could and gave her lots of compliments. I even left a love letter to her on her desk one day. I later discovered that letter in her trash bin. She did not even open it. I guess a normal person would give up at that point, but I instead started to obsess about her. She was on my mind all the time. The fact that she rejected my love letter only intensified my feelings for her. 

I don't have a family or any friends. My parents are dead and I have no siblings. I live alone in my tiny apartment in Tokyo. I have never really tried to get a girlfriend due to my insecurity about my body. I have a huge dick and over sized testicles. I'm not bad looking, but my package is abnormally large. Its so big that I never dared to show it to anybody.

I always wear saggy gym trousers to conceal it. I used to spend most of my free time jerking off to busty lactation porn, but ever since I fell in love with Anna I started to spend my time thinking of her instead. Yes, I am a breast man, but my attraction to Anna was more then just a physical sexual attraction. 

My breast obsession was so serious that I used to buy breast milk on-line that I would drink while masturbating. The milk came in bottles with pictures of beautiful cow girls on. A cow girl is not a cow or any type of four legged beast, she is a human girl with slight modifications. 

The girls looked so good like that I assumed it had to be photo shopped. The girls had the face and head of a human, but also cow horns and huge tits the size of basketballs. The skin was white with black spots, like on a Holstein cow. I had to by the milk in secret, from obviously criminal men. 

The bottles had information on them about how one could pay a small fortune to come and have sex with the cow girls, but i did not want to at first. It was too expensive and I dared not show my abnormally large penis to anybody, not even a prostitute. Over the years I had developed a relationship with the criminals and perverts who run this cow girl milk plant and they give me good deals.

One evening I lost it and tried to seduce Anna in the hallway of our school. I knew that we were alone there and I guess I hoped that she would like to be taken by storm. I told myself that she was just playing hard to get. It tuned out she was not playing.

She seemed to have a proud confident look on her beautiful face as she walked towards me in the hallway that evening. I told myself it was now or never. I suddenly grabbed her shoulders and pushed her up against the lockers. Anna felt so weak and feminine in my strong hands. She froze in total shock as I pinned her against the lockers. I felt more like a wild animal then a man at that point. She had the look of a cute baby deer getting pinned down by a powerful wolf. Mad with lust for her I started to kiss and lick her face l as I confessed my love for her. 

My hands were all over her. I was kneading one of her big tits with my right hand through the fabric of her shirt, while my left hand was probing under her skirt. I felt my huge dick becoming hard. I told her that I wanted to fuck her there in the hallway. Right after that she slapped my face hard. I got furious with her. How dare she reject me after leading me on? She was just a lewd western temptress, a sexy succubus bitch who enjoys tempting and tormenting men! I told her that she would regret rejecting me.

After that I walked home feeling very frustrated. I felt worried and wondered if she would reported me to the police. But I decided that she would have no proof against me if she did. I stepped into the shower felt the hot water caress me. I was still very angry, but also horny. I loved and hated that lewd blond succubus! My dick got harder as i thought of her and so I started to stroke it. I fantasized about what it would have been like if she had not rejected me in the school hallway.

In my fantasy she would react the same way at first. She would still freeze up in fear and surprise as I pushed her up against the lockers, but then I imagined she would melt in my arms and accept me. She would open her cute little mouth and allow my tongue to enter it. After kissing her passionately for a while, I would break the kiss and tell her to admit that she loves me and lusts after me. She would then admit that she loves me just as much as I love her and that she longs for my hands on her body. 

I would then rip open her shirt and pull up her bra so that her big breasts would spill out. In my fantasy her breasts where bigger then in reality, since bigger is always better in my mind. I then imagined I would focus on her fat tits for a while, I would caress them and suck them, forgetting everything else. This would go on until she begged me to fuck her. She would spin around in my arms and bend over against the lockers, aching her back and spreading her legs apart slightly. I would then pull up her skirt and flip it over her back. Then I would pull down her panties to fully reveal her hot curvy ass. 

At that point I would pull down my trousers and whip out my massive erection. Then I would push my dick into her, small pink western pussy. She would pant and moan. Looking over her shoulder, she would maintain lustful eye contact as I pushed deeper into her. Then I would start to fuck her, moving in and out. Her tits would swing back and forth to the rhythm of my strokes. Anna would push back against me, helping me to pound into her. I would alternate between taking hold of her hips and sliding my hands around, caressing her big tits. 

I never could last long while masturbating to a "fucking Anna fantasy". A huge load of sperm flew out, hitting the wall and floor of the shower. I came hard and it felt great. I cum allot for some reason, way more then normal i think. Maybe it has to do with my big balls. I masturbate several times per day. Ever since I met Anna however, I can only orgasm while thinking of her. As soon as the orgasm was over I decided that I must have this woman in reality.

I got a call from the police the next day, but nothing more. Nothing came of it. At first I just kept working and so did she. My obsession over her only got more and more serious. I started to stalk Anna both at work and after work. I gathered all information about her that I could get my hands on. 

All my stalking seemed to really stress her out. She left the school were we both work to find another job, but she did not find anything. I got better at stalking her and I was almost sure she didn't know I was always close to her. She seemed hopeless and weak.

I got fake modeling advertisement from the cow girl farm and put it in her daily mail. Knowing that she was desperate for money I hoped that she would be dumb enough to fall for it. I had made a deal with my perverted criminal friends that I would lure her to them in exchange for special access to her later. The plan worked perfectly. She went to the human cow farm that she took for a modeling agency the same day she got the flayer in her mail. I followed her to the place unnoticed. She went in and did not come out.

It took a while for me to get to her. The farm people told me that she wasn't ready jet. I waited for months until she was finally ready to accept visitors. I had to "book" her because she was already seeing so many costumers that it was hard to get her for an appointment. 

I had to wait a few days more. I revived a complementary bottle of milk from the farm guys. It had a picture of Anna on it! I assumed they had photo shopped her looks, since nobody looks that good. During the days I waited, I re-framed from masturbating to save all my cum for Anna. I payed them in advance to get my time with her, it was big money, pretty much all my savings plus I had to sell some stuff. 

And so I walked into the place on my big day. Strange building I thought. Look like an office building on the outside but it contained stalls like in a barn on the inside. I was handed a robe and changed into it. My dick was already getting hard because of the anticipation of what was to come. As I walked into Anna's stall I was surprised to see how much she had changed. I could still recognize her face, but her body was so improved. She had turned into a sex goddess! Anna was a cow girl and she was even more lovely then on the milk bottle picture. 

Anna's skin had turned bone white, with black spots here and there like on a cow. Her eyes were larger and had a cute, innocent air-headed look to them. Her face was even more feminine then before, with long eyelashes and big red sexy lips. it almost looked like she was wearing make up, but she wasn't. She still had her beautiful, blond, curly Swedish hair, but it was longer now. Down to her butt. Her hips had got wider and her butt had gotten way bigger, jet she was not fat at all. Her waist was thin and her stomach was flat, giving her the hourglass figure. Her legs had gotten longer, making her taller and jet her hands and feet were smaller. 

But most importantly, her tits! They were huge! Glorious swollen milk filled baby feeders. They were even bigger then in the picture on the milk bottle. They were the same size as large watermelons. In a boob size battle this cow girl would not loose to a real cow. Her gigantic tits seemed surprisingly firm and perky although their massive weight pulled them down a bit. Every second a drop of milk formed on her puffy nipple and dropped.

Of course she was shocked to see me as I walked in. She was sitting with her back against the wall. "I have been waiting for this" I said with a grin on my face as I took of the robe. "I saw your picture on a bottle of illegal human milk, sold under the counter" I continued as I walked towards her. "I had to sell most of what I own to afford my 30 minutes with you, now I will punish you for seducing me!" I said with a mixture of anger and lust in my voice. I got down on my knees in front of her and started to touch her. 

Of course I started with her breasts. I grabbed them hard, making milk spurt out of the nipples. Her tits were so soft and heavy and it was amazing how much milk she gave. She could probably out produce a real cow in terms of milk production. I could tell that she got relief and satisfaction from being milked. 

As I drained her tits with my hands, she seemed to feel more comfortable with my presence, as if the attempted rape was forgotten. It felt like I was dreaming, could this really be happening? Caressing her huge boobs felt like kneading soft dough and doing it made my dick hard as steel. 

I was so concentrated on her breasts that I lost track of time. My 30 minutes was soon over. I had never been more sexually exited in my whole life. I just had to get release now. I reluctantly let go of her breasts and stood up. As I stood up my long thick dick was pointing at her face. I rolled back the foreskin to reveal the big shiny head, and then told her to smell it. 

I told her that I hadn't washed my genitals for days, because I wanted her to do it with her tongue. I was expecting her to refuse, but to my surprise she gently took the penis in her small hand and brought the head to her soft red lips. She sniffed it but didn't seem disgusted. She gave it a kiss and then started to lick it with her smooth tongue. 

She lifted up my dick and licked the underside of my shaft, the the started to lick my balls. After that I shoved my dick into her mouth. I ordered her to suck on just the head, while she stroked the shaft. She basically just jerked me off into her mouth. I grabbed the back of her head as I got close to finishing. I started to pant and my knees felt weak. 

I told her; "I have saved up cum for days and you will eat it all". I started to cum a huge load. My eyes rolled back and I gave off a snarl and a grunt. My throbbing dick twitched as I ejaculated into her welcoming mouth. Sperm started to spew forth into her mouth, blast after blast of warm cum. I just kept pumping out the salty stuff and she swallowed it all. I felt like I was going to pass out, it was the longest most intensive orgasm I had ever had at that point. 

I was lost in a orgasmic trance. I only snapped out of it when a another man came in and told me that my time was up and that it was his turn now. He seemed angry and frustrated. I had to wipe my mouth with the back of my hand since I was apparently drooling.

I reluctantly pulled my still rock hard dick out of Anna's greedy, sucking, hovering mouth. I felt a bit dizzy and light headed. As I staggered passed the next customer I saw him stare at my dick with jealousy. After that I just went home. I felt several feelings at the same time. I felt jealousy towards the other men that will get to have my woman. Anna is MY cow girl, she belongs to me ONLY! Thats how I felt. 

I also felt anger and frustration over the fact that I could not spend more time with her. I had to get her all to myself, but how? I started to plan a "rescue operation" to bust Anna out of the milk farm.

I made a plan to take the illegal human milk farm by storm and extract Anna at the point of a gun. It took a few days, but I soon got a revolver and a battle plan. 

I went in there one dark moonless night, dressed in black with a balaclava on. The security was surprisingly bad. Plenty of video cameras and so on, but only one yakuza guard and he was sleeping when I walked in there. I just told him to hand over his gun and shut up. I walked into Anna's stall, grabbed her by the arm, then I walked out, Moments later she and I were both in my apartment.

Anna was docile and gentle, she just followed me and did what I told her to do. She made no attempt to escape, she didn't even make a sound. Nobody got a good look at her naked body, since she was only exposed on the short distance from the farm to my car and from my car to my home. I could see that she had problems moving her sexy body. 

Her tits were so big that they restrained her movements quite severely. Just something simple, like getting into a car is an ordeal if you have such extremely large and heavy breasts. However, when I finally shut the door to my apartment behind us I knew my dream had come true.

The first thing I did was to tell her that she should get into the shower. I watched her as she stepped into the shower. Just watching her move was a treat. Her curvy ass and tits would sway from side to side and there was much delightful jiggling and bouncing going on each time she put one foot in front of the other. 

I got naked fast and stepped into the shower with her. Of course I had a huge hard on that pressed into her soft ass cheek as I moved in close behind her. I moved the penis in under her ass to nestle between her smooth thighs. Then I turned on the water.

When the cold water hit her she got tense and gave of a strange sound. A long cute "Moooooo!" came out of her. She was clearly surprised by the cold water. I was glad to learn that she had lost the ability to speak. She was my human cow after all, my pet. Pets don't talk. I told her to relax and that the water will soon get hot.

As the water got warm and comfortable I started to clean my cow girl with body wash and sponge. Of course I planned to fuck her right there in the shower, but there was no rush this time. I washed her lovely, curly blond hair. In japan natural blond hair is rare so I was fascinated by it. I let her hair fall forward so I could see her back and her long neck. 

I started to lather up her shoulders and her back. Just touching her skin made me more and more horny. I moved the soapy sponge down her back towards her perfectly round ass. I worked the soap over her shapely ass and thighs and then worked my way up the sides of her flat stomach and reached around to her enormous boobs. 

My dick was hard like steel as it pressed up against her. It felt like she was sitting on it. As I worked my hands over her huge breasts she gave of another "mooo" but this one was different. It was a more sexy moaning moo. Gently caressing her breasts made her whole body relax. As I washed of the soap I noticed that she was lactating heavily and that her vagina was wet. I remembered my "fucking Anna" fantasy and realized that this was much better. It was time to get to it.

I pushed her forward gently so that she was leaning against the wall of the shower. She placed her forearm and her small hands against the wall for balance. She instinctively arched her back and spread her legs, presenting herself to me. Her huge breasts hanged down heavily under her torso Her pussy was so cute, small and pink. But it looked tight, I wondered if my dick would fit into her. 

I gently pushed the head of my dick into her pussy and watched as more and more of me entered into her. Soon my whole dick was inside her soft slimy love canal. It was a tight fit but she took it all. As I slowly started to move in and out, her breathing changed and she started to pant. She looked over her shoulder to get eye contact with me. She had a sexy, coy, vulnerable and submissive look on her face. As I picked up the pace and fucked her faster I started to talk to her. 

I told her "you are mine now, you are not a human, you are my cow girl and you will never leave my side!". My hips slapped her ass as i thrust into her faster and harder, her heavy tits started to sway back and forth like two giant pendulums. As I got close to my orgasm I reached around to feel the sides of her massive tits.

I pushed into her as deep as I could, then I moaned and came hard. Rope after rope of hot spunk splashed against her womb. After the orgasm I just held my position for a while, savoring the moment. Then i reluctantly pulled out, leaving her filled with my potent sperm. 

Life with Anna was pure happiness. I was afraid that she would hate me or try to escape, but she didn't. Instead she seemed happy and did everything I told her like a slave. She could no longer speak, but she could still write. Sitting by my keyboard she manged to write down the story of how she got trapped by the milk farm guys and how they permanently altered her personality with drugs. By the way, its not easy for her to type, or move at all, thanks to her amazing torpedo tits larger then watermelons. 

Of course I milked her several times per day. We both love the milking, and Anna even shows me affection an gratitude when I drain her. I used all my engineering skills to construct a milking stall for her in our living room. 

The stall, or milk station, consists of a elevated padded massage bench with a big hole in it. When Anna climbs up on the bench to lay on it face down, her awesome tits will go into the hole. The hole allows Anna's huge breasts to hang down under the bench for her comfort and for my easy access. I had cut out the lower part of the massage bench and lowered that part so that her knees could rest on it. Lowering her legs into a "on all fours" position on the bench allowed me easy access to her ass. 
