 Author's note: The focus of this story is a battle for mental domination between two characters, so the sex scenes aren't as explicit or graphic as some of my other stories. If you find mind control erotic, this story is for you. If you find the physical aspects and measurements the most exciting part of a sex story, you probably want to look for something else.

*****

When I first became immortal, I knew that grief was in store for me eventually. My beloved was mortal; she would die, and I would have to learn to open my heart again. But knowing a thing is very different from experiencing it. She was a kindred spirit in many ways - we shared a love of music and dance, and a love of fighting and heroism. And more importantly, we were both powerful enchantresses. We understood each other where people without magical knowledge might have feared us. We built a prosperous life together due to our understanding of people and how to influence them. She admired my adventurous spirit; her knack for causing trouble never failed to make me laugh. And the potential to practice our powers on each other, often in intimate situations, didn't hurt.

When I lost her to Thanatos, the fate of all mortals, my life felt empty of all joy. I journeyed often to the gates of the underworld to grieve for her. I would pass the great, spacious caves in which Thanatos and his brother Hypnos dwelled each time, but I did not greet either of them. In fact, I spoke to hardly anyone while I was in mourning. Before my beloved died, I had relished my ability to win over anyone I wanted to with my words, but my desire to bond with others had died with her. 

I couldn't imagine a meeting of the minds with anyone else, but I missed the games that my beloved and I had played with our magic. It was almost a year before my desire for pleasure won out, and I sought to distract myself in the arms of another. If there was anyone who could toy with the mind better than I could, it would be Hypnos. So once more I journeyed to the gates of the underworld. Throughout the past year, I had worn rags of mourning, but this time I was regally attired. My corset hugged my slim waist, accenting the taper of my torso. My skirt, made of expensive purple fiber, had once belonged to a foe whose will I had conquered. It looked much better on my taller, leggier frame than it ever had on her.

I leaned against the mouth of Hypnos's cave, prepared to use my charms, both magical and physical, on him. As always, he emerged from his cave at dusk. He took note of me immediately, wheeling around to face me.

"Ah, just the god I wanted to see," I said, "I've been preoccupied by a question, and I thought you might be of some help answering it."

I trailed a finger along the necklace of silver and diamonds that covered my pert breasts. I could see from the way he looked me up and down that I had caught his attention.

"I thought you might come to me," he said, "what do you need?"

"I was just wondering if men or women were more susceptible to magical influence on the mind. I thought if anyone would know, it would be you, the god who influences every mind."

I stepped closer as I spoke, and looked up at him through my eyelashes. Mortals had compared my eyes to emeralds, glinting in the light, irresistibly fascinating anyone who looked.

"That's an interesting line of reasoning, but if no man or woman is immune to my charms, how should I find out?" Hypnos tossed his head back, and his golden curls bounced. The way they shone in the light of dusk reminded me of my beloved's hair when she was young.

"You could fall for someone else's," I said, "I've seen the way you look at me when I've come to the gates before. You can't deny that I have an effect on you. You're a god. I'm a goddess. Maybe we should do an experiment."

I was almost close enough to touch him now, but he didn't back away. 

"So that's what you really want here," he said, "I would be willing to test it, especially with a beautiful woman such as yourself."

"Then look into my eyes."

I fixed him with the most beguiling gaze I could muster, and he stared back. His eyes were almost black, save for a few glints of colors that I couldn't name and that seemed to change with the light as he moved.

"I can see how mortals would find your gaze spellbinding," he said, "your eyes are a lovely, bright color. It lets me see your pupils, which are the one honest indicator of interest. You could use any trick in your book, but you wouldn't be able to conceal what your pupils are telling me now - that you're captivated by me."

There was a sensual timbre to his voice when he said the word captivated. It jolted through my body and went straight to my vulva. He was gaining ground on two fronts, since as enchanters we both knew an honest indicator meant an advantage to your opponent. I tried to conceal that he was affecting me, and to make out his pupils in the darkness of his eyes.

"You like hearing that word - captivated, don't you? You enjoy being captivated by my gaze, and my voice. You try to hide it, but your eyes give it away. The way they're working harder to look into mine. Straining to stay locked into my gaze."

With each word, his tone became more lilting until it was almost music. I knew this trick well, I had ensnared mortals with it many times. Had I been playing into his strategy, or was he just adjusting it to my responses? Regardless, I had shown my hand too soon. If I wanted to win this game, I had to switch tactics. I closed my eyes and tried to find my voice. He spoke first

"You may find now that you've closed your eyes, that you can't open them again. You tired your eyes out looking into mine. You need to rest them...you need...sleep."

I tried to open my eyes again, but my eyelids felt heavy. No...I wasn't sleepy...it was his magic affecting me, holding them shut.

"Your magic shut my eyes," I crooned, "but my voice can still enchant --"

He closed the distance between us and kissed me, cutting me off. I felt a current of exhaustion surge through my body as our lips met. Something in my body tried, weakly, to resist it, but it was no use. I fell limply into the arms of the god of sleep.

Something in my mind, forged by years of adventure and hardened by bereavement, was still holding on. If I could keep that part of myself awake, I could wake up my body eventually. He must have sensed it, because his next move was to bring my ear close to his mouth. In a distractingly sultry tone, he whispered

"It occurs to you that I could claim anyone I want to. I only need to wait for them to sleep, and they are mine. Even you can't ignore sleep forever. You proved it just by coming here tonight. You're losing your own game. Knowing that arouses you, doesn't it?"

I couldn't deny it. How long had it been since I had slept? As an immortal, I could survive without it, but after months of sorrow, sleep seemed an irresistibly attractive vacation. I felt the last murmur of resistance grow silent. My hand moved, seemingly of its own accord, toward my clitoris and began to stroke. Surprisingly soon, I felt my orgasm coursing through me. It was as if pure euphoria was reaching out from my vagina into every muscle of my body, propelled by the fingers on my clit, and, I was sure, by the magic of the god holding me. My mind was lost in the pleasure, and my weary body couldn't take the strain. My last thought before losing consciousness was that I wanted him inside me.

When I opened my eyes, I didn't know how long it had been, but I knew I must have gotten my wish. I took stock of my body. My black curls were mussed and tangled, cum seeped out of my hole, and my wrists felt sore and looked possibly bruised. I looked around - the walls were definitely the natural stone of a cave, but intricately carved to resemble the architecture of a palace. I was lying on a down bed which rested on an ebony frame. Hypnos was facing me from where he stood at the cave entrance. The toga draped across his broad shoulders looked untouched, but his tousled hair and smirk told a different story.

"All victory to Hypnos," I said with a laugh, "care for a rematch?"

"I think you've worn yourself out enough," he replied, "why don't we just talk for a minute?"

The wicked gleam in his eye told me just what he was up to. A minute was exactly how long it took for my words to ensnare a mortal completely. I was no mere mortal, of course, but he was an older and more powerful deity than I. I sat bolt upright,

"I know what you're planning" I said.

"I figured," Hypnos shrugged, "but are you going to do anything to stop me?"

There was nothing I could do. Knowing that every word he said brought me closer to being his wouldn't stop the effect. On the contrary, the idea excited me. His victory was complete. I was in his grasp. My only hope was that the effect wasn't permanent...at least, not when I did it.

He looked me in the eye and spoke. I can't remember exactly what he said, but I remember that each word was like a caress. My body and mind responded automatically, as one would instinctively lean in to the touch of a lover. His voice rang out like the sweetest music; I yearned to hear more. My eyes were fixed on the glow of the god. It seemed to get brighter as he spoke, as if he were growing more powerful. His power was reaching out to me, and into me. Every part of my body was melting, not into exhaustion this time, but into peaceful bliss. As he moved closer, the sensations intensified until I was groaning in ecstasy, wondering if even a goddess could withstand his might. He lay down on the bed with me. He was close enough that I could have clamped my hand over his mouth in a desperate last attempt to stop the effect. I didn't want to. I wanted to keep feeling the pleasure of being his. My mind fell asleep. My body was overwhelmed by his power, and I came. I was lost in the sensation that was washing over every muscle. The orgasm ebbed slowly, leaving behind a glow that I knew emanated from his greatness. I was madly in love with Hypnos. I would do anything for him.

I don't know how many days I spent trapped in his cave by nothing but my own passion, forced to serve him by nothing but my own love, but it doesn't matter. When you're an immortal, things either last an eternity or they might as well last a second. My mental games with Hypnos were a pleasant respite, but what falls asleep will always wake up again. When my mind awoke from the spell, I knew that my desire for others had never been dead, but merely asleep. The fanaticism that came from being beguiled and besotted and the grief that came from losing the one I loved had both passed like dreams. I was ready to seek another to love and be loved by.