 No one at the high school caught Sibley's attention, and she didn't catch theirs either. She was tiny for eighteen, wispy and forgettable, her hair and eyes mud brown and unassuming. She sat at the back of every class, doodling fat lines with the softest pencil she could buy at the tiny corner store; she drew face after achingly intimate face.

Sibley was the first out the door when the last bell rang, her thick rag skirt wheeling around her legs as she fled through the long grass behind the school. She put rigidity and fact behind her, the strict lines of the schoolhouse fading below the curve of the hill until she was free of prying eyes.

She ran so often that even the three-mile jog felt easy; she was still breathing lightly, eyes bright, when she trotted up to the abandoned telegraph station and slipped into the cool interior. She'd arranged her sketchbooks on the operator's shelf, where the logs had been long before she'd found the place; she slipped the latest, only half full, between the last one and the rock that served as a bookend.

Then Sibley sat down on the chair and lifted her skirt.

She reached for the Morse key and slid it to the exact center of the desk, where there was a groove in the wood. She gently touched the metal button as she slipped her other hand between her lower lips and gently distributed the moisture gathering there. She closed her eyes and shivered with a private smile. This was always a perfect moment of anticipation.

She began to tap the familiar Morse code, slipping her fingers inside herself as she did so: C-O-M-E-stop-T-O-stop-M-E.

A light breeze stirred the dead leaves swept into the corner. Sibley smiled, her eyes still closed, and pressed the key again: C-O-M-E-stop-T-O-stop-M-E.

The wind picked up. Eddies of exotic scents caressed Sibley's cheeks and made her wrinkle her nose with a smile. She began to tap the message once more: C-O-M-E—

Then it was there with her, a figure neither male nor female, twice as tall as she was and rippling with muscle. Its ethereal skin crackled arcs of light in an unnamable color. Sibley tilted back in the chair to look up at the being, her hand never moving from between her legs.

The being trained its vivid purple gaze on her, consuming her. Sibley widened her legs invitingly, her face alight with desire. The first time she had discovered the being that lived in the abandoned lines, its power had terrified her and she had fled. She'd lain awake, thinking of those eyes that had wanted her, and finished herself off with her hand as she imagined its lightning fingers on her body.

The next day she'd returned to tap the message again.

Now, as it had when she'd first offered herself to the being, it bowed low. Sibley inclined her head, but not very far; she couldn't take her eyes off its sinewy torso, how the lines of muscle drew her gaze down to the space between its legs.

It was neither male nor female, and possessed the organs of both, after a fashion. The cock was a hard, smooth muscle that writhed of its own accord, split at the end in a way that made perfect sense to Sibley's body. Below that was its slit, a hotbed of pleasure itself, sleek and moist. Everything danced with the same innocuous energy that lanced across its skin.

Sibley lifted her legs higher and it approached her, sinking to a squat before the chair. It leaned down and put its thin lips to her clit while it slid two fingers inside her. Sibley's whole body shuddered as energy flowed into her, burrowing straight into her brain and rendering her shaky and helpless.

The visions came quickly on the heels of the pleasure. She saw the world as this being did; she viscerally understood how electrical impulses swelled and subsided, the facilitators of life and death, and she gave herself over to the moment of sensation.

Sibley came, wet and hot, against the being's face. She reached for the back of its head and the hairs on her arm came alive.

Suddenly it gripped her wrist with terrible strength and stood, holding her like that and staring down at her as if demanding something without words. Sibley squirmed until the chair was back on all four legs and got to her feet, glancing at the fingers that clasped her wrist unfailingly. The being slowly tilted its head, its amethyst eyes blazing until she could not look away, and then it wrenched its hand free of her pussy, grabbed her at the waist and hoisted her into the air.

Its cock came alive, the two heads straining towards her cunt, and she strained back. Her breath came in short gasps and she laced her hands behind the being's head, wanting it, wanting everything it would do to her. It bore her weight in one hand and brought the other to hold her chin firmly. Its eyes of solid purple flicked back and forth as it studied her.

Then with a masterful twitch of its torso, it plunged its cock into her. Sibley screamed at this first penetration. Wet as she was, the head inside swelled to fill her and it hit her deep. The other head jabbed into her clit and sent an unbearable sensation straight behind her eyes. The being wrenched her free and went into her again, and Sibley's head filled with a perfect scientific understanding of these wonders of her body. She curled her hands into claws on the being's shoulder and rocked, thin body racked with shudders. Her peak-like breasts tightened and prickled and the being opened its mouth to rasp three lightning-fork tongues across her chest.

It flipped her without warning and she landed on the seat of the chair with a grunt. She planted her legs far apart and offered herself once more. For a moment, she tensed; the being did not take her, but its fingers coaxed her drippings from her cunt to her asshole, and she clenched up in anticipation. Remembering, then, how this would feel, she forced herself to take deep breaths.

The split cock was made for this. One shrunk to a manageable size, the other still wide and ridged for her pussy, and Sibley moaned as the being filled her completely. She slid her fingers down herself and found the steaming, sparking slit, sliding against her hand as the being slammed into her. A shuddering sigh rasped out of her as the fiery softness settled like a mantle around her fingers.

The being took her hair and pulled her head up so she stared out at the dull sky. Lightning scattered across the clouds and danced behind her lids as she closed her eyes and shuddered and her orgasm was like an electrical storm.

Her cunt pulsated and she knew her ass was clenched tight, but still the being held back its own pleasure. When the climax ceased coursing through her muscles, it lifted her again and slipped free, the two-headed cock merging to become one massive organ.

Sibley held herself upright against the chair, unable to stand under her own power. She stared at the cock as more arcs of lightning danced across it, cleaning and drying it. She wanted to rush forward and press her mouth to it, to thank it for the quake and the aftershocks still making her tremble.

She glanced up and the being inclined its head very slowly. She took it as permission. Shakily, she dropped to all fours and crawled over to where the being stood, tilting her head so her hair fell down to her ass and tickled where she had just been penetrated.

It responded by palming her head and guiding her face beneath the cock, to that sweet slit that smelled of fire and fruit. Sibley's tongue stretched out and she traced the heavy lips, rewarded by a full-body shiver. She reached behind and clasped the firm legs in her hands, sinking her whole face into its irresistible musk. She drank greedily of the spicy wetness, a cinnamon kiss.

After it had come like a sweet flame into her mouth, it guided her back to its cock and gave her its all once more. Sibley felt high, her head buzzing with charged visions, and she tumbled away from the creature with a helpless giggle. She splayed on the floor, writhing a little.

For the first time the being's expression changed. It did something that was not quite a smile but still conveyed satisfaction; it lightened, or lifted, Sibley could not say which. She patted the dusty floor beside her, the patch of sunlight pushing valiantly through the clouds. The being sank down, the way it did to lick her, and her cunt clenched at the thought.

But it curled up beside her, head on its folded arm. Its other hand gently stroked the floor. Sibley rested her fingers right beside, close enough that electricity jumped from its slowly fading skin to hers.

They lay there until the being was just a promise of a light, and only then did Sibley dare to touch its cheek. It seemed to sigh, and then it was gone completely.

She sat up, smoothing down her rag skirt. Her wobbly legs carried her to the table and she lingered over the Morse key. Only for a moment. She knew it could not return for many days, after it had drawn its full strength once more from what electricity still flowed.

But she would be back then. Sibley would come again for her being in the wires.