 Jordan watched the man that would make her feel like a woman. 

He was so tightly wound all the time. In his suit, with his beautiful brown eyes, and the thick hair that sprawled on his face. His sexuality wrapped in a suit all the time. The muscles that she knew were there so wanton in their waste. It was like Cristiano Ronaldo hiding his frame. He was working, and working and working some more. When he wasn't working, he was worrying about money. Calculating how much he would need to do this and that and everything he wanted to do. 

It made Jordan half happy she was dead. 

She walked in his shouse. Feeling the metal objects like magnetism. Her own lust adding some corporealism to her body. The magnetism from the metal making her nipples ache. Her lips tingle with want. The muscles in her whole body so tense she could barely walk. That ache, that need to be filled, a never ending pleasure in her centre. 

She could feel the tension here as her own. The order, the need to keep everything in it's place, like a magnetism that kept her rooted to the spot. 

She walked. Saw all the order in this man's life. All the routine, all the boredom, all the stress that went into his life. She couldn't wait to relieve him of it. Bring out the nature of his sexuality. Have him ravish her and let all the worries of his world out. 

Jordan kissed the man's brow and felt into his dream with a sigh of relief. 

***

She fell. Surrounded by trees with brown barks that crunched in the soft sunlight. She landed on leaves, rubbing her bare feet, and the wind running fingers along her spine. 

She ran. 

It was part of the dream and, hell, she wanted to. Running towards something, or running away from something, it did not matter. She ran and her heart pounded with both lust and exhilaration. She caught a glimpse of herself in a puddle, saw her short stature, slender figure, and sharp face. A blonde braid fell down to her curved bottom, a rough spun shirt barely covered her navel, and the dress showed her growing wetness at each leap in her run. She could feel the blood rushing through her limbs. Gasped at the ache growing along her legs. The almost painful need to be penetrated and dominated. 

She laughed. The sound ringing in this mock pursuit. Oh, how she loved this. It had been so long since she felt that rush in exertion. That sensation that filled her while her legs stretched and her whole body undulated. Her heart pounding in her chest, her breath coming in gasps, the heat bursting out of her. God, she wanted it. She needed the feel of a cock inside her. Filling this sweat heat, and fucking her in frenzied passion. 

She couldn't wait. She leaped past a lake and saw the toned muscles of her legs. The moisture kissed her and was as soothing as a balm. She ran, and ran, and heard something running behind her. Something so masculine that it sent her heart racing. Oh god, she needed it right here and now. She needed this dreamers want, and love, and need to make her his own. 

As if in response, the forest around her opened into a clearing. 

The clouds above were grey, the trees were dark and the leaves crunched underneath her bare feet. She luxuriated in it. The cooling air. Her panting breath. The sound of her pursue,of her captor and captured, stopping behind her. She turned and her dress fluttered around her lithe frame and her smile widened. She could feel him coming. Smell the scent of him, as subtle as anything she had ever smelt. She breathed it in and her whole body needed more. 

He was in the shadows, changing to human form. He came out of the trees. Tall, strong, achingly muscular. His hair was cut close to his head, his face so handsome it hurt, and he had thick hair on his chest and nether regions. His hands...oh god, they were so large and strong. His biceps bulged as he swaggered forward. His thighs undulated in every movements, his abs were so strong that she could roll the ball of her knuckles on them, and his cock...It swung, thick, heavy, at half mast and larger than any she had ever seen. She groaned at the sight of it. 

She could feel her arousal scenting the air. Tasting like cinnamon wine, and it mixed with his musk to drive her dizzy. Her heart still beat powerfully against her chest and pounded pleasure through her every limb. He looked at her. So deeply that she wanted to cry out in want. 

'So, big boy, are you going to do what you want to do?' 

He came at her, picking her up as easily as if she were nothing. He slammed her against the tree and she felt the awful power of him. He kissed her. Savagely. Tasting of man, and musk, and everything that was sexual in the world. She could feel his muscles against her. And the throbbing, rhythmic, wet, nature of his iron hard cock. He pulled her head back by her hair and she groaned as it sent a thrill of pleasure from her head to heel. Her thighs tensed, and her toes curled. Oh god, it was like getting the tension in her muscles relieved all at once. He kissed her neck and it added heat to the domination of him pulling her hair. He gripped her jaw with his other hand and kissed her savagely. Tasting her womanly taste. 

Oh, this was just the sex she liked. Being taken by a wildman. Something so masculine, and primal. Her whole body was a mass of tension and relievement. Her nether regions throbbing with the want of his cock, her nipples yearning to be touched and fondled and licked, and truly relieved. 

She writhed beneath him, as his kisses ravished her. His hands just rough enough. His movements just aggressive enough. His domination just enough to make her feel safe. 

He made his way down her body. Leaving blooms of blush where his lips touched. His teeth sent piercing pleasure into her. He tore off her cotton top and her breasts were bared for all the world to see. Their hardness thrummed in the open air, and his rough tongue catapulted her to the heavens. She could smell his hair, the smell of something wild and free. He growled and his hands went lower. Gripping the inside of her thigh and forcing her legs open in his animal lust. 

She bit his ear. Glorying in the scent of his neck as his tip teased her wetness. It pushed against her, almost too big too fit, but he growled in her ear as he forced her body to accommodate. His glorious length slid in. The feel of his thighs dominating her own. The strength of his body holding her against the tree. She could feel every ridge of him, every curve, every masculine aspect of his body. He entered her slowly and the curve of his passage made her gasp in want. Her breath came faster, her legs trembled, heat rushed to her core, and all her limbs tingled. 

He went faster and faster. The rough bark rubbing against her soft skin. His sun burnished body smashing against her pale, flushed in heat, skin. She gasped and sweated and revelled in the musk that filled them. His pelvis pounded her. Her tits rubbed against the coarse hair of his chest, and his hands gripped the back of her neck. Forcing her down on the massive length of his cock that her body could barely accommodate. She gushed over him, the heat bursting from her core, as she saw stars and the heavens opened. 

She came all over his cock and it throbbed within her. Sending static through her and climaxing her all the more. She undulated along him. Feeling his gasp of relief as he filled her with his seed and the tension in her muscles. She sighed. She loved helping him relieve whatever ailed him. Add some chaos to the needless order of her life. 

But he wasn't done yet. 

His cock became iron hard inside her and she cried out in pleasure. Her climax crashed through her all over again, even more intense for it's short absence, He growled in her ear, biting her neck and picking her up like she was nothing. He slided her along his ridged length and she gripped the iron hardness of his arms. Like boulders in her hands. With the balls of her feet curling around the seismic strength of his legs. 

She found it so erotic. Her pale, lithe, slender body being pushed down on his massive cock. When he pulled her up, she could see his granite hard abs and massive chest. The sight of his dark cock sliding into her pink lipped hole was almost too much to bear and she whimpered as another climax assailed her. Going straight to her head and bursting into the open sky.

The muscles of her legs trembled and grew tense as she climaxed again. Over and over and over. The smell of them, mixing with the crushed leaves on the floor, driving her wild . His massive oaken balls slamming into her rosebud of an ass. Sending throbs through her as they released another massive load and filling her with throbs of pleasure. She hung there, in bliss.

But it wasn't over yet. 

He slammed her to the floor. The leaves as soft as satin, smelling like fresh earth and scenting the air in crushed pine. Fresh and green and oh so natural. He flipped her and entered her again and she gasped. He seemed bigger. Pushing straight to her soul. Filling that ache inside her that never could be filled. The muscles of her thighs were so tense. Her toes so curled they almost hurt. Her breath labouring, her heart's pound sending throbs to the very tips of her fingers and toes. He controlled her every thrust and she was happy to let him. The rough and smooth texture of the leaves feeling heavenly. The mountain of a man before her pounding like he had only a moment of this damnation. 

He grabbed her thighs and pulled her up, grunting in his arousal. Pushing her head, oddly gentle, into the pillow of the leaves. He shoved his cock inside her. Using her as his own personal cum dumpster. She flowed down him, lubricating that massive shaft and the ridges of his musculature. He shoved her down him, and she could feel his mountainous muscles clench, gasping. She could feel the upsurge of his arousal and it pulled her with it. One final act of climax. One final act of god. 

He pounded harder. Desperate for release and she gave it to him. She gave him this release that he desired. Her muscles clenched along with his his. Her breath caught with his. Her orgasms burst through her in mirror with his own, like gushing lava bursting through the mountains. He filled her and his throbs were earthquakes. He filled her and his semen was as heavenly as gold. The smell of this wildman was more than she could take. The heavy slap of his balls like percussions through her centre and his gasps sending her to a climax that tightened her whole body in one reflexive curve around the shape of his iron hard cock that throbbed within her releasing one last heavy load. 

She reached the heavens and they hung their together. In one frozen moment that lasted for eternity, until they fell back to earth in absolute satisfaction. She lay in that warmth, smelling freshly crushed leaves, as her wildman breathed out a massive sigh of relief that went through his whole body. His muscles relaxed along his massive frame. His cock released all the tension in it and his balls throbbed one last time before subsiding in absolute relaxation. Liquid warmth spread through her as she fell out of the dream...

***

She woke up in silken sheets. Beside the man who could never relax finally giving up on his worries. 

She could feel! Again! AS her heart sent warmth to her limbs. Releasing the knot of iron hard tension there, soothing the strenuousness of rough sex, and sending tingles to the tips of her toes. She luxuriated in it. Seeing the light from the window outside. A glass of water lay on the bed and she guzzled deep. Feeling it fill her and hitting a need that she forgot she had. She sighed, smelling the scent of their love making mix with the fresh air from outside. She stood up and threw the window open, leaning out, panting from the exertion, feeling it cool her fevered body down. 

The whole world lay out there. People crossing on streets. The smell of alcohol, coffee, sweat, food, warmth, everything that was life filling the air. The afterglow of her climax still filled her, softly lighting her nerve endings and making her gasp at intermittent throbs of pleasure. What better way to explore the city? 

She looked down at her naked body. The soft white hair, ghostly pale skin, and almost neon pink nipples. Well...she couldn't go out like that. Maybe for another night, when she didn't want to cheapen the gift that this glorious man gave her. She searched through his wardrobe and found a shirt to big for her and pants that fitted much stronger legs than hers. She dressed in them, and tied them with a phone charger. 

She kissed him softly on his lips. This man that prayed for her. Needed her. Wanted her. Finally able to find some relief from his worries and formless wants. His lips moved softly against her and the glow within her grew brighter, warming her whole body in love for this man. She brushed his hair from his forehead, and gave him one last kiss on the forehead. 

'Goodnight, my beautiful wild man. I hope we meet again.' 

She closed the door softly, so as not to wake up this man that definitely deserved his rest and went off to explore the world. 

Young people travelled through the city. Drinking, living, tasting the nectar of life.She breathed it in. The scent tingling on her lips. The sensuous delights of a hundred heartbeats mirroring her own. The bare concrete on her naked feet. The lust filled eyes that looked at all. A young girl danced in the street and grabbed her. Dancing with her. Her eyes full of life and energy. Jordan breathed it in, revelling in the nectar of life. She laughed with her. Gossiped. Enjoyed all the intricacies of a night out on the town The sound of music drew Jordan and this random woman. They went into a club. 

Packed with warm bodies. Jordan danced. The neon strobe blasting in time with her heartbeat. The soft warmth of all those around her mirroring her climax. The tempo growing faster. Faster. Her moves becoming more sudden. The beautiful touch of her own sweat dripping down her. The feel of the floor on her feet. the cotton of her shirt swirling around her. The lusciousness of her body. The heat of men's gaze. The lust in their eyes. The way they just couldn't let go. 

She danced and danced, the world spun and spun...but, something was wrong. The heat grew. .The swirl of the world increased. Pulling her somewhere. The colours of the world beld out as she travelled somewhere and a rhythmic chanting surrounded her. The people around her faded from view and the shape of a star surrounded her. A star empty in a night sky. 

She tried to stop dancing, but she couldn't. She tried to stop going wherever she was going, but she couldn't. She spun into an alternate reality. A place not of this world. With an alien air on her skin. With smells that befuddled her mind. 

She spun into being within a pentagram. Her legs bound to the floor, her arms pulled to the ceiling. She stood in a massive cave with a pentagram burning on the floor. 

The chanting stopped and she looked at the man before her. Lithe, like a dancer. Dressed all in black, with a mane of oil-dark hair surrounding his face. Starlight glistened amidst the colour of his hair, and, when he looked up, she could see that his eyes were as gold as she had ever seen. So fine featured that it took her breath away, such soft lips that she could only stare, and an amusement in her eyes that drove her wild. 

'Good Jordan. I finally found you.' 

He shut the book and stood to his feet. 

'I've got a job for you, and it may even mean your salvation...Or, of course, further damnation'