 The day Katie's inheritance from her recently departed aunt arrived, she had no idea it would be the day that changed her life forever. 

She knew what she was getting after her cousins told her the contents of her aunt's will. She hadn't been a rich woman, dear, sweet Aida, but she did have some very nice things in her house. She had been a writer in her youth, only amateur stuff that got published in magazines, but Katie liked to think that was where she got her artistic flair from. 

In any case, with Aida's passing she declared that her niece should have her old typewriter. It wasn't an especially rare or expensive one, though it had to be fifty years old, but it was one of Aida's most prized possessions. 

It was a hot, wet August day when the delivery guy knocked on the door of her dingy little flat. Katie looked up from her laptop in irritation before getting up to answer it. The first thing she noticed was how handsome he was, with his close-cropped beard and shaved head and sparkling blue eyes. He looked well-built too, strong, with muscled arms and broad shoulders. Swiftly she ran a hand through her hair and adjusted her glasses, even though she knew it would be in vain. 

"Hi!" she said, her voice coming out all squeaky and stupid. 

"Hey," he replied, not even looking up from his tablet. "Kate Somerford, yeah?" 

"Katie Somerford," she corrected him, chancing a little smile – which of course he did not see. 

"Uh huh. If you could just sign here for me." He finally looked up, but other than a quick glance at her body there was no real interest in his lovely eyes. 

Stifling a sigh, she took the tablet and made an indistinct squiggle that could just about pass for a signature. "There, that'll have to do," she said and handed the gadget back to him. 

"Yeah, that'll do, love," he replied. "Impossible to get a decent signature on these things, isn't it?" 

That was good, she thought. He's engaging in a bit of banter (and called her "love")! "Yeah, sometimes I think it doesn't matter what I put in it," she said with a giggle. "I'm tempted to sign it as Donald Duck next time." 

That brought a smile to his lips – and a lovely smile it was too. "Got a package for you," he said, motioning to the brown box at his feet. "It's quite heavy – do you want me to put it somewhere for you?" 

"Oh that would be great, thanks!" She stepped aside and waved him in, her heart quivering with excitement. If she'd stopped and thought about it, she would have realised how pathetic that was, getting so excited just because a man was coming into her flat to deliver something. 

He picked up the package, grunting a little, and entered her flat. It was a tiny little place; her bathroom barely had room to turn around, her bed took up most of her bedroom and the kitchen ... well, it was no wonder she ordered takeaways so often. Her living room was a modest size, better than the rest at least, but the décor desperately needed updating and there was mould in one corner of the ceiling that her landlord refused to do anything about. 

Katie quickly took her laptop off her desk and dumped it on the chair. "Please put it there," she said to the delivery guy. 

"Right you are, love." He deposited the box on the desk and looked around. His face took on the look of distaste she had grown used to seeing in her guests. 

"Thank you," she said, hoping to draw his attention back to her. 

But his lack of interest in her couldn't have been any clearer. "You're welcome, love." He smiled at her but there was no real warmth there. 

It was no wonder, she reflected. A man like him would have a stunning supermodel girlfriend at home who he doted on. He wouldn't have time for someone like her – a small, mousy woman in her early thirties with drab brown hair and glasses perched on an utterly forgettable face. She was short and slim with no figure to speak of so she usually wore baggy clothes to try and hide it. This guy wouldn't want her even if she offered herself on a plate, and she wasn't about to do something like that! 

He brushed past her, that small amount of contact sending a thrill through her, and left her alone in her flat. Again. 

At least she had something to distract her now, though. She tore the box open in her eagerness and there inside was her aunt's typewriter along with a smaller box containing spare accessories and ink for it. She lifted it out reverently and placed it carefully on the desk. It was a very old style, all black. She pressed a couple of the keys and loved the metallic tapping sound they made. 

It took her a few moments to realise there was an envelope wedged into the slot where the paper went in. She pulled it out. Her name was written on the front in Aida's handwriting. Overcome with curiosity, she opened it up and found a letter inside: 

Dear Katie, 

I hope this letter finds you well. If you are reading this it means I have died and my typewriter is now in your possession – provided my feckless son does his job properly anyway! Before you use it, though, I feel I should tell you a little bit about it. It came into my possession many years ago and all the times I used it, it has brought me nothing but joy. My typewriter is a sacred thing, not to be misused. That is why I insisted that it go to you. I know a fellow writer will give it the love it deserves. 

But I must warn you, my dear. Do not overuse it. Do not take it lightly. This typewriter can wear you out if you are not careful. You will understand when you start to use it. 

Take care, Katie, and please enjoy the wonderful gift I have given you. You deserve it. 

Lots of love, 

Aunt Aida 

After that came a list of instructions on how to maintain the device. 

Katie smiled to herself. It was typical of Aida to be so dismissive of her son yet emphasise how much care needed to be given to her typewriter. That piece about the typewriter wearing her out made little sense to her, however. She shrugged; no doubt some of the keys were a bit stiff and it might be a bit testing on her fingers. That was all she could think of, anyway. 

She was so eager to get going on it that she decided against taking a shower and washing her hair to get started immediately. She had bought a pack of paper ready for this day and quickly got one into the machine. In no time at all it was ready to go. 

But she paused with her fingers on the keys. Her aunt had only ever published articles on gardening and homecare, that kind of thing. It was possible that he wouldn't approve of what Katie intended to do on her beloved typewriter. For while Katie's family knew that she wrote for journals and textbooks on business studies and accountancy, they didn't know that she also wrote erotica under the pseudonym Katie Kirk. Thus far she had had a few novellas published online and a three collections of erotic short stories. Her main work she would need to keep doing on her laptop so she could email it to her editors – the typewriter would be for her side-line. 

It felt kind of wrong to use it in such a way, but on the other hand the machine did belong to her now – it was up to her what she used it for. She ran her fingers along the keys. Some of them were so worn the actual letter on them had faded away. Luckily it used the usual QWERTY system so she didn't have to worry. 

Putting her doubts out of her mind, she started typing. 

Pamela P.I. and the Mobster 

Pamela Stone, private investigator, was her most popular creation. She had featured in half a dozen of her short stories and one novella already. She was a beautiful, busty blonde who always wore the most inappropriate outfits while out on her jobs. Her shirts were always a couple of sizes too small and her breasts spilled out the top of them. Her skirts were short and tight, accentuating her long, shapely legs. Whenever she took on a job, she invariably ended up fucking her client or sometimes the person she was hired to investigate. She was a badass fighter but also an insatiable lover and sometimes she was left conflicted over which skillset to use. She had a whole range of kinky fetishes but in general liked to be the one in control. In fact, she was always the boss; that was how she was meant to be. 

Katie loved Pamela. She sometimes daydreamed about being her. Pamela could do everything she wanted to but couldn't. The other characters in her stories she sometimes modelled on people she met, but with Pamela she had put a lot of work into developing her, even if not all of that development made it into her stories. 

She went on with her work. 

Pamela Stone stood outside the warehouse, listening for signs of life inside. There was nothing. Everyone should have been home anyway; it was nearly midnight. She pulled out her little pocket mirror and checked herself one more time. Her golden hair was immaculate as always, her pouty lips bright red, her green eyes promising fun and mischief to anyone she met. 

She always started Pamela Stone stories with a brief description of her just so any new readers to her stories could get a handle on her straight away without having to read any of the old tales. She was pleased to find that the keys on the typewriter weren't at all stiff or hard to use. Aida's warning made even less sense. 

Now, how to get Pamela into the warehouse ... 

Katie leant back in the chair to consider. After a moment she clicked her fingers. Of course, there was some scaffolding outside and a ladder leading up to the first floor, where a window stood conveniently open. 

The keys on the typewriter tapped, the paper moved. Katie's eyes widened; she wasn't touching it. More than a little scared, she leant forward to see what was being written. 

The scaffolders had left a ladder down and conveniently, there was a window slightly ajar on the next floor. 

"What the hell?" she whispered. "I was just about to write that ..." 

She blinked. 

***** 

I snapped the mirror shut. It was time to get work. I scaled the ladder quickly. Anyone watching would have said it was impossible to do it so quickly in four-inch heels but I was well-practiced by now. I was Pamela Stone – moving swiftly in heels was one of my lesser talents! 

The window opened out easily and I slipped inside, my tiny skirt riding up to my waist as I swung my legs over the sill. I was in some kind of storeroom, mostly empty. The wooden floorboards creaked beneath my feet, fortunately quietly enough not to alert anyone else who might happen to be around. I walked to the only door in the room and gently eased it open. It revealed a balcony with a very rickety balustrade. 

... And a man, standing at the far end, looking away from me. He seemed bored, with his arms folded over his chest and one foot tapping on the floor. 

I can move quickly in heels, but quietly? Not so much. The guard was about fifteen paces away from me – there was no way I'd be able to reach him before he clocked me. The best I could hope was to get close enough to launch myself at him before he cried out and alerted anyone else. Part of me thought that I shouldn't have worn heels on a mission, but where would the fun be in that? I opened the door wide and strode across the hallway. 

I made it perhaps halfway when my footsteps betrayed me. I broke into a run as he began to turn. Five paces away, I leapt in the air towards him, my left leg extended. His eyes went wide and I realised that he had a view right between my legs to my panties; I hadn't pulled my skirt back down after getting through the window. Not that that little strip of leather would have protected my modesty much anyway. He stopped staring when my heel caught him flush between the eyes. He fell with an oof and a thump on the floor. He wouldn't be getting up again any time soon. 

From my recon earlier in the day – I played a ditzy lost blonde, a role I could play to perfection and that men fell for every time – I made an educated guess as to where the office was. I was sure it would be there that I would find the safe belonging to Mr Richmond, the safe that contained the embarrassing photos a politician had employed me to find before they were leaked to the press. Richmond was apparently asking for £100'000 to return them himself. A lot of money, I reflected, wondering what could possibly be in those pictures. 

I paused to adjust my clothing. I pulled my skirt back down and fiddled with my bra – visible as I couldn't button the shirt up far enough to cover it. The bra was putting in a heroic effort to contain my 34G tits through all this exertion. 

With that all done I set out again, ascending a flight of stairs at the end of the passageway. The stairs were old and creaky and I winced with each footstep. The presence of the guard at the bottom meant there might well be someone up here despite my earlier beliefs. I reached around my back for the little pistol tucked into my skirt. I pulled it out, checked to make sure it was loaded and ready. In my line of work, you always had to be ready for anything. 

The door at the top of the stairs had frosted glass in it. I peered through as best I could and made out someone moving at the far side of the room beyond. I couldn't see anyone else and the only sounds were that one person's footsteps. He appeared to be pacing back and forth. I put my hand on the door handle, took a deep breath, and burst through. 

The man stopped behind a desk, staring at me and my gun in shocked silence. I kept the pistol aimed at his chest. His eyes slowly tracked up and down my body despite the situation he found himself in. I took another couple of steps into the room, kicking the door shut behind me. 

"Mister Richards, I presume," I said in my sexy, throaty voice. 

"And you must be Pamela Stone," he replied. "I've heard so much about you. I never thought we'd come face to face, though." He gave a cocky grin. "Glad we did, mind." 

He wasn't at all what I had expected. I thought a tough crime boss should be big, powerful and ugly with a cruel gleam to their eyes. But while Richards had a strong build with broad shoulders and muscular arms, his eyes were a sparkling blue, lively and lovely and almost kind. He had a close-cropped beard and shaved head and was as far from ugly as she could imagine. 

"You can probably guess what I've come for," I said. "The photos you have of Alastair Bridges." I glanced at the safe in the corner of the room. Aside from the desk and chair, it was the only bit of furniture there. "I assume they're in there? Open it." 

"OK," he said still with that infuriating grin on his face. He went to the safe, turned the dial a few times and pulled it open. "Do you know what these photos show?" 

"It doesn't matter. I've been paid to retrieve them and that's all I need to know." 

"All business, eh? I admire that. Unfortunately for you, I don't like it when people stick their nose into my business. Take her." 

Before I could react to what he said, a huge pair of arms encircled me from behind. One hand grabbed my wrist and twisted until I dropped the gun with a gasp of pain. The other twisted my left arm behind me. An instant later, and showing a degree of skill, my attacker brought my right arm behind my back as well and trapped my wrists together in one meaty hand. He brought his other arm around me, holding me tight against his body. He felt like a giant slab of a man. I glanced up, saw a broad face smiling down at me. 

Richards walked towards us. "You aren't as skilled as I'd heard," he said. "I didn't think Johnny here would be able to trap you that easily." 

I waited until he was just a couple of paces away, then used Johnny's body as leverage to rear back and lash out at the crime boss. He ducked and my heel passed harmlessly over his head. At least I had the satisfaction of seeing him scrambling away from me, his cockiness finally gone. I writhed in Johnny's grasp, seeking a way to break free, but he was incredibly strong and with both my arms trapped there was little I could do. I stamped on his foot, but he wore thick shoes and it barely elicited a grunt from him. 

With all my fighting, my bra finally gave up its own battle. First my right tit slipped free, then my left. Both of them bounced all over the place as I tried to get away from my captor. 

"Jesus Christ," Richards breathed, staring at me. 

Johnny wrapped his arms about my belly, trapping my arms between our bodies. In his vice-like grip I was trapped, unable to work the wriggle room I needed. I gave up, deciding to conserve my energy for when a better opportunity for escape came up. 

But the crime lord had other ideas. He produced a pair of handcuffs from a drawer in the desk and put them on me. 

"There's no need for any more violence, Miss Stone," he said as he clicked them shut around my wrists. "We can all still get what we want." 

From the bulge in his trousers, I could tell what he wanted. "I just want the photos," I said. 

"Well, technically what you want is your payment, correct? And I bet old Alastair is paying you a lot less than the £100'000 I've asked from him. Besides, you really ought to see the dirt I have on him first." 

He went to his safe, pulled out a brown envelope. I watched him, curious in spite of myself. Richards produced six photos and laid them on the desk. Johnny pushed me closer so I could see them. 

"Huh," I said. 

The pictures showed Alastair Bridges, the politician in his sixties, in bed with a girl who could not have been more than nineteen years old. In one photo, he had his wrinkled cock embedded in her ass – and she didn't look happy about it. 

"And this man wants to be Home Secretary," Richards murmured. "No wonder he wants these so badly, eh? Now, do you really want to help this man cover this up?" 

I didn't, to be perfectly honest. But at the same time, I never broke a contract and I didn't want to start now. With the situation I was stuck in, though, I figured it wouldn't hurt to listen to Richards' proposal. "What do you have in mind?" I asked him. 

His eyes remained planted on my bared breasts. "I reckon we could come to some ... arrangement. I could cut you in on the deal if you give me something in return." 

You didn't need to be a genius to work out what he was implying. In spite of everything, I could feel excitement building in me; my pussy was more than a little damp. 

Richards misunderstood my silence. "Well, it doesn't matter what you say. We're going to have our way with you anyway, but a bit of participation on your part will make it a lot more enjoyable." 

He came around the desk and crouched down in front of me. His fingers rested lightly on my leg, just above my knee. They trailed up my thigh, under my skirt, but stopped short of my panties before moving back downwards again. 

"Beautiful," he said quietly. "When this is all over, you should come and work for me full-time. I can think of so many uses for your talents." 

"I bet you could," I muttered. 

Without warning he moved his hand back up my skirt and grabbed hold of my ass. He squeezed both buttocks in turn, shook them to make them wobble. 

"And a bubble butt as well," he observed. "Pamela Stone, you really are a perfect specimen. Let's see you in all your glory." 

He started by taking my shoes off and tossing them carelessly into the corner of the room. Then he tugged my skirt down and threw that away too, revealing my lacy blue panties. 

"Oh ho!" he exclaimed. He ran a finger along my slit – and the damp patch on the fabric. "Looks like you're up for this too!" 

I wished I could claim otherwise, but the truth was I was getting more and more turned on. I was always the one in control, the one dictating how things went. Now, however, I was firmly in their hands, at their mercy, and my body was responding. Part of me wanted them to use me like a sex doll, to fuck me senseless. 
