 Once Lena was back in her own apartment, doors locked, windows bolted, mechanical alarm armed and magical wards activated, she could finally relax a little. She sank down onto the bed, curling up into a fetal position as tears began to roll down her face. 

She hated him, and more than that, she hated herself. It was so hard to deny him, though; she had loved him more than anyone else in the world once, and some of that feeling remained. She knew that she would be lying to herself if she said she didn't also desire him on a physical level. Her body still had the languorous heaviness that only came with a good, satisfying fuck, and that was something she hadn't experienced in years, since Seth had left her. 

Though Lena tried to maintain her anger, she couldn't help but remember the good times with Seth. She had to admit that without him, she would probably be dead now. He had saved her life countless times, including the first time they had ever met.

It was almost 10 years ago. Lena had been 15, a sophomore in high school. Walking home from school, a tall, slender creature had appeared in front of her from seemingly out of the air. Its eyes had captured her immediately. Their colors swirled like the storm-ridden ocean - blue, green, gray, and silver fire that entranced her so deeply and completely that she did not notice the creature's spidery hands or long, lipless mouth revealing wickedly pointed teeth.

She stepped toward it, welcoming its deathly kiss, and she would have been left a soulless husk had fate not intervened. The creature gave a scream, sharp and painfully shrill, as a crossbow bolt pierced its shoulder. The connection broken, Lena shrank back, running right into the young man behind her who had just saved her - Seth.

He pulled her along as they fled from the enraged incubus, urging her to run as fast as she could even as her lungs began to burn and her legs began to shake. Finally, they reached a church, and safety. 

The incubus, impatient for a meal, did not linger once they reached their haven, and they were soon able to leave. Seth insisted on walking her home, and Lena, still in shock, was happy to let him.

It was a long walk, and they talked for most of it, getting to know one another. There was a connection between them that they both sensed and that had nothing to do with him saving her life. Despite knowing nothing about him, Lena trusted Seth completely; instinctively she felt an inner strength in him that she thought would not let her down. 

Lena sighed bitterly, thinking about how young she was then, and how stupid. She had wanted to trust because there was no one else for her to look to. Her father had left when she was 6, leaving Lena, her mother, and her two younger siblings to fend for themselves. Her mother, gentle and helpless, had never held a job in her life. She had been the model housewife, cooking, cleaning, and popping out kids, but she knew nothing about how to hold down a job or manage what little money she brought in. Lena had started working odd jobs when she was only 10, doing whatever she could to help out, but their apartment was in one of the worst areas of town, their wards cheap and not terribly effective. Lena had always had to be strong and take care of her mother and her siblings, and it frightened her that her strength had failed. At the same time, she felt a thrill of happiness at the fact that someone else had been strong enough to save her.

Seth left her at the door, and she stood there a moment after he walked away, one hand to the lips he had just kissed as if to hold the sensation more closely to her. The next morning, he was there waiting to walk her to school. He was there the morning after that as well, and the one after that. 

Seth told her a little of his past, although he didn't tell her everything. He was 19, and his parents where both dead, killed by a pack of werewolves. He had been on his own since he was 16, when he had decided that he had seen enough death at the hands of the supernatural creatures that were now threatening to overwhelm humankind. He had found a teacher, a man who, like him, had lost more than his share to the beasts and wanted to take something back. Seth fought them, and he was good at it. Soon, Lena asked him to teach her how to fight beside him. He had agreed.

Lena, lying on her bed, thought about how that single decision had changed her life. With months of study and hours of physical training every day, she had become a hunter, someone who could find and kill the creatures that preyed on human beings. She and Seth had fought and killed together, and they had worked together with an exquisite precision that had saved both of their lives more than once.

In battle they were equal, or near to it; despite Seth's years of experience, Lena's physical strength and mental discipline made her a quick study. Emotionally and sexually, however, Seth ruled her absolutely. Her first lover, her only lover, he had shown both the strength and the vulnerability that her flesh held.

As Lena remembered their first time together, her breath caught, and she shivered slightly. It seemed strange that a memory 10 years old could still hold so much heat for her, but she supposed that every woman felt that way about their first experience.

An incubii, like the one that had attacked Lena on the day she met Seth, had attacked 3 children the day before, kids that Lena had babysat when she was younger. Incubii, soul suckers, used their kiss to drain a mortal of all desire to live. Even the most pleasurable sensations were agony to victims, and the incubii fed upon that suffering for as long as the victim lived, which was never long. Lena was horrified to hear about the children and determined to seek her revenge.

They had found the creature who was responsible, along with 4 others of its kind. It had been a close fight, too close - Seth had very nearly become a meal for one of the incubii. They staggered to his apartment, covered in gore, both of them shaken by the close call.

They didn't speak; there were no words for the fear of death and joy for life that they felt at that moment. They undressed each other and showered together, removing the taint of the demonic blood they had shed. His hands were firm on her body as he explored her breasts, roughly squeezing the small, tender globes to her growing moans. His hands slid down her waist, over her hips, between her legs where he found her wet and ready. 

He pushed her against the shower wall, and though she cried out in pain as he entered her, he thrust forcefully, insistently. It had been painful at first, but it was a pain she had wanted; it reminded her that she was alive. The pleasure that had come after had seemed almost unbearable by contrast. As he felt her tight pussy loosen and grow slicker, heard her breath grow faster and felt her nails digging into his back, he had increased his tempo, slamming himself in and out of her.

When the orgasm had broken over her, her muscles had turned to jelly. He had carried her to his bed and laid her there, wet and naked, her limbs sprawled like those of a broken doll. His eyes had devoured her, and she had reveled in the naked longing in them. She owned him as totally as he owned her, she thought then.

They had spent the entire night exploring each other. When she grew sore from his rough fucking, he brought her with his mouth or his hands, knowing exactly how to tease her sensitive clit. He taught her how to please him just as well; he loved to see her on her knees in front of him, her mouth on his cock as his hand tangled in her mane of dark hair, her eyes rolled up to meet his as she fucked him with her mouth. 

They had fallen into an exhausted sleep sometime near dawn. The next day, she had told him she was moving in with him. He had said nothing, simply driving her to her house to get her things and bringing her back.

It wasn't long after that when she cut off contact with her family. She hadn't wanted to, and she still kept a covert watch over them, but the creatures that prowled the darkness, the creatures she fought and killed, would have loved to have found them and made them pay for what Lena did. When Seth had told her that, she didn't want to believe him, but when attacks in her old neighborhood began to occur more frequently, she knew that he was right. The beasts were looking for her family, and if she didn't stay away from them, they would be found. 

They had lived and fought and fucked together for 4 years. It was a precarious life, one that they both understood could be over at any moment, but Lena found joy in its very tenuousness. Each time she killed, she knew death and beat it back; each time they fucked, she embraced life, consumed by the sharp pleasure she found with Seth.

And then he had left. He hadn't even said goodbye, just packed up his things while she was gone and left a note: "I'm leaving. Don't try to find me."

Lena had thought at first that it was some kind of trick, something one of the more cunning and vicious of the beasts had thought up to bring her pain, but after weeks of searching, she had to admit to herself that he had left, and that he had done it voluntarily.

Forcing thoughts of his desertion away, Lena got out of bed and walked toward the bathroom, shedding her clothing on the way. She needed a bath. She needed to be clean. Maybe if she got Seth's scent off of her skin, she could get him out from underneath it too.

She ran herself a bath, feeling grateful, as she always did, for the large, claw-footed tub that had come with the apartment. She threw in a handful of sweet-smelling sea salts and sank down into the fragrant, steaming tub.

Though she tried to keep from thinking about the previous night, the bruises on her body were a constant reminder of her battle with the wolves, and the sex that had followed - a battle in itself, and one that had left plenty of marks. Her wrists, her breasts, and her thighs all bore his marks, and the loathing and lust that she had felt swirled up inside her once more.

Of their own volition - so she told herself - her hands slid over her breasts, twisting her nipples and sending sparks of pleasure down her body. As her fingers moved lower, she remembered another hand, one with long, strong fingers that knew just how she liked to be touched.

She sank deeper into something that was both memory and fantasy as she stroked her pussy. She started off slow, fingering herself and circling a finger around her clit teasingly, then moving faster and applying more pressure, then slowing again as she neared orgasm. It was so much sweeter, she found, when she delayed that release, holding onto the sweet tension as long as she could.

Forgetting all thoughts of anger, all thoughts of betrayal, she thought only of having Seth on top her, inside her again, overwhelming her with his speed and strength until she was helpless before him. The violent pleasure of their recent encounter was everything they had ever had before, and more; it had been made so much stronger by the years that they had spent apart.

As she came, she cried out his name, her voice helpless and soft. 

"Hello, Lena," he responded, leaning against the door.

Lena shrieked, shooting to her feet and slopping water onto the bathroom floor.

"How the fuck did you get in here?"

"I picked the lock," Seth replied wryly. "And your alarm isn't great, it's got an override code that isn't hard to find. Your wards are pretty good though, although you need to have the one above the door replaced. All I have to do is knock it off its ledge and system goes down."

His eyes roamed her body as he spoke, and it held the hunger that it had always held for her. As he took a step toward her, however, she stepped backwards out of the tub, wrapping herself in thick white towel.

"Get out," she said, quietly and firmly. "I don't want anything to do with you."

Seth smirked at her in his infuriating manner. "You don't? So last night was nothing? And that little scene just now also meant nothing?"

"Yes," she said, sounding more firm than she felt.

As he took another step toward her, she bent down beside the bath tub. When she straightened, she had a gun in her hand. "This is your last warning, Seth. I loved you and trusted you, and you fucked me over. Despite what happened last night, which I fought you on every step of the way, if you recall, I don't want you back. I don't need to go through that again." She pointed the gun levelly at his chest. "Get out. Now."

Seth's expression didn't change as he backed out the bathroom door. "Be seeing you," she heard him call as the front door clicked closed.