 I carefully lifted the huge beer, the size of a two-liter soda bottle - and heavier still from the thick glass mug it had been poured into. I'd seen some of the male staff in the bar carry them one-handed - with some effort - but not me.

No, not sickeningly petite Annabeth, whose hands were even smaller than one would think for a five-foot-tall girl who didn't even weigh a hundred pounds, especially not when I'm wrapped up in real simple black knee-length dress.

The raucous noise of the place seemed to be reaching a fever pitch. I turned around, consigning myself to lugging the last beer over to the table I was serving - I'd moved them one at a time. G-Bar had been built by and for giantesses, back in the eighties - and it apparently hadn't gotten an update even once since.

The fifteen-foot ceiling had only a scattering of pin lights; most of what scant illumination existed was provided by the pink and blue neon lining the dented chrome bar... which was taller than me. A little more surrounding the windows, as if the place wasn't tacky enough.

The walls were decorated with old-school propaganda posters showing uniformed giantesses lugging howitzers to fight Nazis in France in 1938, doing the same to overcome the Communists, bleeding in Vietnam, marching for civil rights, building towers and bridges, hunting down terrorists at the far corners of the world... one from every decade, it seemed, yet all kind of the same.

The utilitarian tile floor was stained and pock-marked all over, though perhaps that was less obvious from nine or ten feet up in the air - as most of the patrons of G-Bar would be viewing it from. They were all around me, sitting at tables that stood over eye level to me, talking incredibly loud; playing darts over there, and... hey, were they...?

My mouth went agape. I'd never seen such a thing - certainly not in public! At a far table in the corner, two giantesses - both brunettes - were sitting with their chairs leaned back against the wall, legs spread wide.

Their jeans and panties were around their shoes, and between each giantess' legs and standing on a pair of step-stools were two men - studs, as the male employees were called, with their own pants down and cocks out - ramming their poles into each of the two giantesses' pussies fast and hard.

I had heard that giantesses had incredibly strong sex drives, and that they were insatiable lovers... but good people dismissed that as urban legend bullshit. Still... looking at the spectacle... my eyes only went wider as I stared.

A small crowd of other giantesses had gathered around them, hoisting their beers high and calling out loudly. It was some kind of contest - money was changing hands quickly, the seemingly diminutive six-foot studs both wildly fucking the nine- or ten-foot giantesses who'd chosen them, and doing it as hard they could.

The two receiving the studs' efforts seemed to be more interested in the game than the sex, and were smiling and laughing at the men fucking them - even as the pair of burly studs did their level best and used every rippling muscle in their frames to do their task.

Had it been in any other context, I would have been impressed... or a bit turned on... to see such well-built men - but then and there, rutting themselves into women who looked like they could break any man in half without even trying, the bare-ass guys looked... well, kind of pathetic.

I whirled on my feet, pushing a lock of chestnut-brown hair out of the way as I searched for the innkeep - and yes, she actually told me I was supposed to call her that when she hired me. It's some kind of giantess history thing, goes back to colonial times? I don't even know her real name.

There she was - talking to the bartender and leaning on the bar top herself. The innkeep was maybe fifty years old, almost nine feet tall and with streaks of grey in her brunette hair, waist held tight by a corset and a long, narrow skirt. Her face had the same knowing, bemused expression as always.

I gestured toward the... offending guests, staring at her expectantly. I mouthed toward her: What - The - Fuck - Innkeep?

She crooked a finger at me, beckoning me close. I reluctantly came closer, still carrying the beer due to a table, and came up to the side of the bar, my face not quite reaching the top of it. Bending down as I drew close, she leaned over the bar and pressed her body to it as she brought her massive face close to mine.

"This is your first Saturday night, isn't it?"

I only nodded. She smiled.

"Well, get used to it. The action doesn't always make it all the way to the private rooms. We don't judge as long as nobody complains and everyone pays their tabs, okay?"

I looked up at her, flabberghasted - but she only winked back. I swallowed. What the hell kind of job did you go and get, Annabeth? I glanced back at the public spectacle in the corner, then turned away. It was my third night since I'd begun working at G-Bar. Atlanta's premier - only, really - giantess-owned drinking establishment. The offer had been good at the time, and about the only place that was willing to work with my insane class schedule.

Fuck. I had no choice. It was here or go back to doing massages, and if I got asked for one more... happy ending... before I retire, it would be too soon. I straightened the simple black dress that was my 'uniform', and walked back to my destination, giant beer still in my straining arms.

I was almost to the table that had ordered the beer - there was only one giantess at it now - when the girls, giantesses all, at the table before mine all got up at once, mostly drunk. One of them stumbled into me, not really paying attention.

The drunk giantess' massive thigh bowled me over, and I wailed, tumbling aside and trying to keep the beer upright - only to find I'd been caught, something warm pressing against my side and chest. I glanced down to see a thick arm and hand, feminine yet enormous, gently setting me back upright again, and pulling the beer glass from my hands.

"Thanks, darling." A voice came from above, then it spoke again - but not to me. "Watch it, Allie."

"Ah shit... uhh... yeah." The other voice - Allie? - was from the giantess who'd clumsily ran into me. I was only a foot away from one of the other chairs and my head had been careening toward the heavy steel of its leg. I could have cracked my damn head open. I looked up to see who'd caught me.

Damn. I'd taken her order for the beer, but I hadn't been paying much attention; I could barely hear anything, and I was so confused. The woman who'd saved me was colossal, even by giantess standards; she was out of her chair and now kneeling in front of me, and she still dwarfed me.

Somehow, my eyes fixated first on her glasses. They were massive, obviously, but they were the thick, narrow, steel-rimmed kind like you see on hipsters... just scaled up to fit on a giantess. They looked heavy enough that I could use the ear brackets like little crowbars. Her eyes were bright blue, with specks of hazel; so clear, so huge... I could see every detail.

Her face - well, I guess giantesses don't bother with much makeup, it would probably cost a fortune... but she didn't really need it. Somehow it would look odd on her anyway, and most people wouldn't see her face up that close, I guess. Her hair was simple and straight, black locks hanging down to her shoulders. She had strong cheekbones and a high hairline, a harsh but pretty face... and her expression was so calm, warm and reassuring.

The giantess' outfit was simple enough; she wore a sleeveless red athletic top that fit around her snugly, featuring a white logo I couldn't quite make out, and a pair of cutoff jeans - that looked less like the California Girls kind, more like she'd repurposed a pair of jeans meant for a giantess smaller than her.

Nothing about her was small. She was enormous, magnificent, towering over even the other giantesses. I'm five feet tall; she had to be twice my height and then some. Other giantesses probably asked her if she played basketball.

She was smiling gently as she held me... wait. Her warm hand still caressed my side, the heat coming through the thin fabric of my uniform. Was she... squeezing me? Gently, but... yeah, I felt her thumb over one breast, pressing down...

Suddenly she let go, seeming to realize her touch had been getting a bit familiar. Standing again - rising to her tremendous height, a fascinating tower of femininity - she stepped back and dropped herself back into the chair at her table, now alone at it. "Um - sorry. I was checking for injuries." Her powerful voice sounded a bit uncertain.

She glanced over at the corner, where the two men were fucking - just in time for a massive roar to erupt, presumably when somebody had... won? Cum? I guess? I wasn't even sure what was going on there, aside from some kind of competitive sex.

"You're new here." I shook my head, turning toward her. Her voice was... strong, clear, but also soft. She didn't shout or announce herself, she was simply self-confident enough to let her voice carry itself. How had she caught me like that? I was sure she'd been a good ten feet away when it happened.

"Um - yes. Third night." I nodded, coming closer. Why was I coming closer? I was at eye level with her sculpted ass, and was vaguely aware of her big tits above me, held tight in her spandex top. Did I really just think of another girl's ass as sculpted?

She looked down, over the side of the table, at me - was she staring at my chest? I didn't think another girl would ever do that. I felt suddenly self-conscious; my tits were tiny, A-cups, even with my push-up bra nobody stared at them... should I be flattered or...

"Annabeth." She nodded. I blinked. Oh. She'd been squinting at my name tag. Why was my mind so focused on sex? "Well, Annabeth. Thanks for the beer."

"Thanks for saving me." I blurted it out.

"Huh? Oh, no problem." She looked away, furtively, for a moment, as if embarrassed.

"How did you even know it was going to happen?" I drew closer, again, against any common sense. I was within arm's reach of her... sculpted... ass. What was I thinking?

"Oh." She waved a hand. "It's what I do. Don't worry about it." She waved a hand around the room, including the corner - where apparently, whatever insanity had taken over the room had now concluded, and the many giantesses and two studs involved were now stalking off. The giantesses were heading toward the exit as two pulled their pants back on, and the two studs were going to the locker rooms - looking haggard and drained, but high-fiving as they went. Gross.

As I looked around, I realized - the room was almost empty. Her table had been the last. There were a few others with her earlier, but not now. I nodded at the super-tall giantess who saved me, then stepped away for a moment, going behind the bar to pick up a towel-sized rag to wipe down tables with... a task that involved some climbing here.

She took a few more drinks of her beer as I worked. The bartender was closing up shop, and counting the till. I cleaned things up, putting up huge glasses and giant plates... I kept getting a sense I was being watched, but whenever I glanced back at her she was staring at the big TV on the wall, watching some soccer game. Frowning, I would go back to clambering up high chairs and daintily balancing on the tables, wiping them down hard.

I saw the innkeep stop and talk to her briefly, as if they knew each other. I guess she was a regular? She was so big... nearly as tall sitting down as the innkeep was standing up. Finally, I came to her table again, just as she seemed to be finishing her beer. I approached one of the chairs, preparing to use part of it like the rung of a ladder, like the others.

Suddenly, I felt her warm hand on me again - then the other, both grabbing me by the waist and easily hoisting me into the air. I yelped in surprise, but her sure grip and powerful arms easily raised me up, gently positioning my small ass on the tabletop.

I shook my head, getting my bearings. I could still feel the imprint of her warm hands on my waist. I turned to see her huge face, now at eye level with mine; she was actually pretty, in a unique way, though at her size I wasn't sure how many noticed it. She spoke, her voice again that strong and reassuring, yet honeyed and feminine sound. "Take five, Annabeth. You worked hard tonight."

I paused, feeling a bit... on the spot? Excited? Confused? Horn- no. I'm not horny. I blinked, then remembered to respond. "Kind of hard not to, here. Every drink is like lifting weights." I pushed a lock of hair back behind my ear.

Oddly, I felt somehow at ease here, with her, and felt my legs kicking in the air, off the side of the table. I felt small and cute, which I'd always associated with someone trying to take advantage of my petite size... yet somehow now, that feeling was absent. I only felt safe and protected around this colossal woman.

She took another sip of her beer, putting it down - seeming to come into her element now, feeling emboldened maybe? "So tonight was your first real night here, then. Last few nights would have been pretty quiet, I guess. Especially last night. Every giantess at the city was at that concert."

I looked up back at her... her presence was so overwhelming, so warm. "Um, what concert?"

"Naked Pogo League. They did a show at Piedmont. The drummer, she's a giantess - the only one of us in a halfway famous band... so pretty much everyone here would have went." She shrugged. "You know... support the cause. All that. Even with tickets costing six times as much for us." There was a sardonic tone to the last bit, but it had a bit of an edge to it that I didn't want to touch... not directly, anyway.

There was an awkward silence for a moment while I searched for words, so I turned and started wiping down the table slowly, with one hand. I tried a smile. "You said 'everyone else'... you didn't go?"

She shook her head, chuckling. "They weren't a good band before Misty joined them, and they didn't get much better after. I'm told they're even worse live - she slams on her drums so loud you can't hear the rest of them."

She chuckled, waving one hand in the air. "I get brave guys sometimes, they come up to me and say they love NPL, then play it real loud on their phones... thinking they're going to impress me, or that it shows they're in tune with their inner giantess or something."

"Oh." I bit my lip, somehow knowing she was just filling the air, yet oddly curious. What kind of life did a giantess among giantesses like this woman lead? How did other people treat her? Were they mean? They shouldn't be mean. She was nice. The silence ran a bit too long. I perked up. "Guys? Normal guys? The innkeep said normals weren't allowed in, aside from the staff." I paused, pursing my lip and kicking my feet in the air more. "Like me."

"Yes, like you, little Annabeth..." She raised an eyebrow. "... that's only on Wednesday through Sunday, though. The other three nights of the week, they let the general public in. Mostly gawkers and tourists, a few frat boys and sorority girls here on dares. Occasionally reporters trying to get short interviews..."

She rolled her eyes, landing her chin on one palm, elbow on the table as she let out a sigh. "... and once or twice a night, lone wolf guys out looking to seduce a giantess. You know, like they're on fucking safari. Got to bag the biggest one, get a good selfie next to her tit after he shoots his little load on it. Since I'm the biggest, they usually start with me, then work their way through the rest of the bar until they get kicked out... or score." She gave something between a smile and a frown. "And you know what, it works... more often than not."

I pursed my lips. So, um, forthcoming all of a sudden... but I wanted to keep pace. "Oh, um, wow... have you ever, ahhh...?"

She shifted a bit as she responded, which kept drawing my eyes... such a powerful body, yet so relaxed and casual. "Lowered myself? Figuratively and literally, you mean? Rode the little dick of some scummy guy - or just a really desperate one - because there's nothing else for us giantesses?"

I wilted a bit. "I didn't mean it like that..."

She paused and cringed, seeming to suddenly catch herself, then pursed her lip, as if realizing she was going a little far. She suddenly warmed again, smiling at me as if she was rallying and really didn't mean to come down on me - and somehow I felt my cringing evaporate.

She gave a shrug. "I - Because, well, yes. I have. Twice, when I was young and didn't know any better... and because I was a horny as hell and they were there. One was scummy. One was desperate. The second one, he tried really hard, but there was just no hope."

"But... that's so sad." I frowned. "There's no man giants, only giantesses. There has to be someone for you."

She smiled. "Those men being small wasn't why. I'm a bit grateful to those guys, in a way, since they helped me understand I'm a lesbian." She took a long drink of her beer while I blinked, then put it down. "And since you're wondering, I'll tell you a secret. I'm feeling out this one normal-size girl - actually she's real petite - and I'm doing it real low-key. She hasn't picked up on it yet, but I'm super nervous about it. I'm still trying to figure out if I've got a chance. Any advice?"

I blinked. It took a second to even hit me. "Oh... uhh... uhh..."" I had a cheerful expression on my face, but my eyes had gone wide. I sort of froze. Error, error, brain not found. A giantess? Hitting on me? And what the hell could make a giantess nervous? I swallowed, feeling something slip through my brain, right past my inhibitions and out my mouth. "You... umm... should do... what's in your heart." What the hell was I even saying? What did that even mean? Yes? Maybe?

"Oh... don't tell me that, Annabeth." She leaned in slowly, close enough that her warm breath wafted over me, and I could feel the heat of her massive body's closeness. Oddly, I barely smelled alcohol on her; she was buzzed but not drunk, it seemed. Just enough to give her some courage... that she'd need for... I swallowed, my brain trying to go to a dozen different places at once.

Something made me breathe through my mouth myself; the heat, maybe? The heat outside my body... or in it? She smiled, real close. "You don't know what's in my heart when I start to think about someone like you, Annabeth."

As hot as I was getting - no sense denying it now - it was my brain that was overheating the most. I'd never even had another girl as much as mention... I mean... my parents were a pair of old hippies and nothing if not open-minded, but being raised in a commune in the Oregon wilderness kind of left me few... I sort of defaulted to something so banal I immediately regretted it even as I felt it coming out of my mouth. "So - uhh - what do you do?"

She raised an eyebrow, but smiled, leaning back and taking a sip of her beer. "City rescue unit." She shrugged, sipping a bit more.

"Oh." I blinked, my panicked brain relieved to suddenly find purchase on a topic. "You mean like those big red helicopters?" I pointed a finger upward.

She nodded. "I don't fly one myself. My actual title is 'operator'. It means I lift wrecked cars, go into burning buildings, crash down the doors for police raids, hold up collapsing roofs, all that. Whatever needs doing."

Why are my nipples so hard? Even harder, I mean. So she works with her hands... outside all the time, using her strength to help people... "Oh wow." I slid a bit closer. I needed to hear her voice a bit more. "That's crazy, umm..." I squinted, looking at the patch on her coat. "... what's your name? Or do they give you code names? You know, like fighter pilots? Because-"
