 Author's note: If you are looking for a stroke story, this is not your story, sorry. Thanks to all my reviewers, thanks for the encouragement, and yes the story is in the right category...just have a little patience. Enjoy

MrLobo





Even in the darkness of the room her golden hair sparkled from the soft glow of console on the IV drip and EKG. She tried to ignore the harsh antiseptic odor that burned her nose. She sat back in the uncomfortable chair and watched over the man in the bed. The only noise in the room was from the man's heart, electrically amplified by the EKG. She watched as he thrashed in his sleep. She knew the nightmares that plagued him. She sighed as she leaned forward to take the man's hand in her own. She lifted it to her lips and gently kissed the knuckles. He calmed down immediately and lay still. She lifted his hand and rubbed it against her cheek. 

"How long as he been among the living dead?" the burly red-headed man said as he materialized in the room. She could hear the mirth in his voice. The Norse goddess Sif looked up from the sleeping man and grinned when she saw Thor, the god of thunder. 

He was not dressed in his usual finest furs and glowing armor. He had chosen to dress in a stylishly cut dark suit that accentuated his physique, with a light blue button up shirt that was opened at the neck showing of the miniaturized version of his trusted war hammer, Mjolnir His normally long unruly red hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail, and his unkempt beard was trimmed and shaped to match his face.

"Five years," she said laying his hand back on the bed.

"A blink of the eye," he said wandering around the room looking over every detail. 

"Yes, its fleeting, and precious to them," she said standing and adjusting the bed covers "as you should remember." Sif watched the strain on the man's face, she knew the nightmares were returning. Gently she stroked his brow, and the pain slowly eased from his face.

"You loved him," Thor said matter-of-factly. She nodded not looking at him, she knew if she looked at him he would see the tears. Weakness was not the way of a Norse god. "As much as I loved Gretchen?" he asked softly. Again she nodded. Thor gently touched her shoulder and took her in his arms as she began to cry. He held her there for a few minutes until she composed herself. Thor let her go and looked at the glowing golden scroll floating above the bed. Gently he plucked it from the air and unrolled it. He began reading over the man's abilities and accomplishments, his history, the essence that makes him who he is. 

"I can see why you were attracted to him, an accomplished warrior, energetic and imaginative lover, decent drinker. He is impressive, I believe that even the Pallas Athena would bed him," he said wiggling his eyebrows at Sif. She rolled her eyes. "Bet he doesn't sing as well as me," Thor said reading through the Life Scroll.

"Only in your mind are you the grand balladeer you think you are," she said grinning as she wiped the remaining tears from her face. 

Thor smirked and nodded as he continued to look over the scroll. "He was good to you?" 

She nodded. "He was kind, generous. He never raised his hand out of anger. He was a loving man and a good father. He loved us more than his own life," she waved at the scroll in the thunder god's hands. 

"I have spoken with the All Father and the rest of the council," he said sitting on the windowsill. "They agree that he would have fulfilled his destiny had you," he caught her disapproving look, "had his family not died," he corrected himself. 

The squeaking shoes of a tall voluptuous nurse in florescent scrubs alerted the two gods to her presence as she came into the room. She ignored the room's other occupants as she checked the bed-ridden man's hook ups and wrote down his vital signs. She was humming softly to herself. Thor eyed the woman's plump ass lasciviously. 

Sif watched as the woman adjusted the bed sheets. "He still blames himself for the accident." 

"Ah yes, Loki and Coyote's dispute has affected more than your man here. Two of Amen Ra's favorite disciples were killed in the accident." He watched the nurse moving about the room with a keen eye. Sif could tell he was debating on bedding the well endowed woman, it was one of weaknesses. "As for their punishment, they have been stripped of their godhood, and are currently living as a pair of undiscovered dung beetles in the jungles of South America for one hundred years. If I had my way, they would never return, and would be exterminated like the vermin they are." He finished through gritted teeth. 

"What does the council want with him?" 

Thor watched the nurse leave the room. "They believe that he can still save the girl, the Great Uniter," Thor waved his hand about dramatically. "They have given me permission to bequeath him abilities to get his life back on track and have asked me to convince you to have him accept these gifts." He reached into his suit jacket and pulled out ornate peacock feather quill. As Thor began adding things to the scroll, it glowed brighter until he was finished. The glow faded slightly, but remained brighter than before the thunder god removed it. He rolled it back up and set it back over the man's sleeping form. 

Sif mulled it over as she watched the man sleeping. He was starting to dream again. His brow scrunched up in pain. She leaned over, stroked his brow and kissed his forehead. As she stood, she looked at Thor and nodded. 

"Then go, I will watch over him until he wakes. I will call you when I need you," he said gently touching her shoulder. She looked at the man one last time before fading away. 

Thor watched his wife's form dissolve into the ethereal. He knew the pain she felt, over the several millennium that he had lived he had taken human form a few times and taken a human as his wife. It wasn't until he met Gretchen at the beginning of the industrial age that he truly loved a woman. He was devastated in that he was forced to watch as disease destroyed her body, but left her sharp mind trapped. When she died, he vowed he would never do it again. 

He sat down in the uncomfortable chair and waited. 

–

His heart hammered in his chest as her hands guided his up her taught belly and over her firm breasts. She lovingly smiled down at him as his palms slowly dragged over her nipples, her light colored hair cascading over her shoulders. She gasped when she let go of his hands and he began caressing and teasing her nipples. She arched her back and slowly sank onto his hardness, filling her completely. She mashed his hands against her breasts as she began to ride him, rolling her hips generating the welcome friction of their bodies rubbing together. He grabbed her by the hips and began thrusting harder and harder into her. She growled in pleasure as she rolled her hips in time with his thrusts. She moaned in delight as he grabbed her fleshy ass and took control. He could feel the tingle in his balls as his orgasm approached. 

Sawyer sat up gasping for breath. There was an antiseptic sterile smell to the room, and he immediately knew where he was. Sawyer closed his eyes and hung his head, he had been denied death once again. He rubbed his face wondering how he had survived the explosion. It wasn't until he heard the soft breathing in the dark did he realize that he was not alone.

"Its about time you woke," a man's voice said from a chair near the window. "I was beginning to think that you had actually gotten your wish." He looked at the man's silhouette. "I know a lot about you Michael Sawyer." 

"Are you going to keep me in the dark, or are you going to enlighten me," he said to the specter as he sat up. The man chuckled heartily.

"Still witty as ever I see," he said standing and moving closer. "I have been watching you for a long time, and its time that we have a serious discussion." Sawyer couldn't contain his surprise at the man's appearance. The stylish suit, the brilliant red hair and beard. The odd looking necklace. He didn't look he imagined death to look like, he seemed to glow with energy. The iris' of his eyes were a maelstrom of colors. 

"If you've been watching me, then why am I not dead, I was close enough to that kid's bomb to be blown to hell," Sawyer said turning on the room's lights.

"The Council of Five has other plans for you," the mysterious man said. "I am the son of Odin, Thor god of thunder." He said introducing himself.

Sawyer began laughing. He couldn't help it, it was to absurd to not to. He could see that his actions were not expected and the angry look on the man, claiming to be the Norse god of thunder's face, was not used to being laughed at. "Are you going to call me mortal and bore me with Shakespearean prose? You certainly don't look like that metro-sexual biker Goldilocks from the movie."

"You dare mock me?" Thor said looming over the bed. The energy around the thunder god crackled and glowed brighter. When he saw that Sawyer was shrinking back in the bed, he sighed and stepped back from the bed. "When he dies, Stan Lee will have much to answer for." 

"So you're Thor, I thought Hermes was the messenger of the gods, why you?" Sawyer asked. 

"I am doing this as a favor to a dear friend," he started. "The events of your life have impressed the Council, and the accidental death of your family. They say there are things that you have left unfinished." Thor started. "There is time for you to still fulfill your destiny, it wants to bestow you with a gift." Sawyer lay back on the bed.

"Tell your council keep whatever gift they have and shove it up their collective asses," he said closing eyes.

"I thought you would say that," Thor said and waved his hand. There was a rush of air and the temperature in the room changed. Sawyer opened his eyes and he was no longer in the hospital room, instead he was standing in what he could only describe as the clouds. Under his bare feet appeared to be the earth at about ten miles above the ground. Above him was the starry sky, crisp and clearer than he had ever seen it. There were several marble columns that reminded him of the ancient Greek architecture he had seen. 

Five floating marble thrones appeared, each held a glowing being. The ring of thrones slowly rotated clockwise. Each being's glow dimmed down to reveal four men and a woman. Somehow he knew exactly who they were:

Amen-Ra, Egyptian god of the sun. He was tall and dark skinned, his pencil thin beard was trimmed close to his face. The heavy eyeliner accentuated his eyes. He did not wear the typical white and gold kilt he'd seen depicted in the history books. Instead he wore an unbuttoned floral print Hawaiian shirt, tan cargo shorts and sandals. He looked as if he had just stepped off the beach in Maui. Sawyer could almost smell the saltwater. A glowing golden ankh rested against his bare chest. He sat at angle in the throne, one leg crossed over the other. It was as if he was lounging, not ruling over the universe. 

Amaterasu-O-Mi-Kami, Shinto goddess of the sun. She wore a brightly colorful kimono in the traditional style. Her shimmering black hair was done up in the traditional style that reminded Sawyer of the Geisha. Her almond shaped eyes twinkled as she watched him, sitting prim and proper in her throne.

Zeus, Greek god of the sky. Except he didn't look what Sawyer was expecting. Instead of the traditional white chiton trimmed in gold, with white curly hair and beard loose around his head. He was wearing a grass stained white and blue uniform of the Dallas Cowboys, bearing the number 10. 

Holy shit, Sawyer thought himself, Tony Romo is Zeus!

Odin, the Norse god of wisdom, magic and poetry. He was dressed in his finest battle armor minus his helm. His long white beard was braided into a single braid and tucked into his worn leather belt. His long white hair was pulled back into a tight pony tail. He wore a plain leather eye patch over his missing eye.

Yahweh, sometimes called Jehovah, the God of Israel. He was dressed as Sawyer imagined him to be, loose flowing tan and white robes, and simple sandals on his feet. His hair and beard so white that it shines. Humble and divine at the same time.

"Why are we here son of Odin, I thought this matter was dealt with," Amen-Ra said. His hawk like features bore down on Sawyer.

"We have oh bright one, but he is reluctant to accept the gifts you wish to bestow on him," Thor said stepping in front of Sawyer, addressing the Council.

Tony Romo-Zeus spoke next. "He believes that we are not sincere?"

"His words were : Tell your council keep whatever gift they have and shove it up their collective asses," Yahweh said with a smile. Odin let out a hearty laugh and Amaterasu-O-Mi-Kami giggled a very Japanese-esque giggle covering the lower portion of her face with an ornate fan. "Perhaps he needs further," Yahweh paused as if searching for the right words, "motivation." He finished waving his hand in front of him. 

Three figures shimmered into existence. Sarah and his two daughters appeared. Ann-Marie was dressed in her favorite purple sundress and matching sneakers. Her mass of dark hair was pulled into a messy ponytail. Sammie was wearing her favorite pair of faded jeans and pale green long sleeved Henley-style shirt. Her long dirty blonde hair was loose and fell over her shoulders. 

The two girls squealed in delight, ran to Sawyer. He felt the air in his lungs explode from his chest as he dropped to his knees. They jumped in his arms wrapping their arms around his neck. "Daddy!"

Sawyer was stunned for only a few seconds before he wrapped his arms around the young girls and buried his head into their hair. The memories began flooding back. The sound of their laughter, the smell of their hair. How small their hands felt in his own large ones. Sawyer couldn't stop the flow of tears. He whispered how much he loved them, missed them and how sorry he was. Ann-Marie sat back on his lap and took his hand in her small ones.

"You look terrible daddy," she said with a solemn look. She looked over to Sarah. Her mother knelt on the invisible floor beside the trio and wrapped her arms them all, burying her head in his neck. The family cried for several minutes before Sarah pulled back taking his hand in hers.

"Your daddy is blaming himself for our deaths," she whispered intertwining their fingers together. "He had no control over what happened." Sarah squeezed his hand gently. 

Sammie kissed his cheek, "daddy, not even you could have saw that coming." She pointed to Thor, who was looking onto family's interactions with a sympathetic eye. "It was his brother's fault," the god lowered his head in shame and nodded. "You have to let that go daddy, we are in a wondrous place, and we have met so many people, including your mom and dad and their moms and dads. Did you know your grandfather chased your grandma for three years before she would let him kiss her?" She asked with a that silly little smile that he adored.

Sawyer chuckled, he knew there was more to that story than what was being told to a young girl. "Daddy, we have to go, but will you do me a favor?" Sawyer didn't trust his voice, and nodded. "We don't blame you, so you shouldn't either, please forgive yourself." Ann-Marie nodded, taking Sammie's hand and they both slipped out of his grasp. They waved and as they faded away he could hear them both saying "we love you".

Sarah placed her hand on his cheek. "You have to move on Michael, you still have a life to live and according to the walking red wall over there there are things you still have to do," she said stroking his face. "We will always love you," he leaned into her hand. "Don't be afraid to live," she said kissing his lips. He lay his head on her chest, hearing her heartbeat once again. Then it faded away as she dissolved into nothing. Sawyer knelt on the floor for what seemed like an eternity. He didn't notice that Thor had taken a knee next to him and laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder.

"What do you need me to do?" Sawyer asked as he composed himself, wiping the tears from his face. He noticed that they were back in the hospital room and he was seated on the edge of the bed. 

Thor gently squeezed his shoulder. "Its not just one thing, there are many things that are wrong with the world. We can not intercede directly, that is where you come in. If you accept the gift, you will become," Thor hesitated, "well, for lack of a better term a demi-god. You will be able to read other's thoughts, and you can control them if you choose. I would suggest that you learn to influence them, I know you, it will help you sleep better at night. You will be virtually invulnerable, and you will be able to alter your physical appearance as well as others. You will be able to teleport, but it has to be someplace that you have already been, and be able to picture it in your mind."

"So no hops to the Great Wall of China, or to the halls of Valhalla," Sawyer said. Thor chuckled, shaking his head. "Then what?" Sawyer asked. "Do I roam from town to town righting the wrongs like some bad 80's television show?"

"Live your life," Thor said. "There will be situations that arise, like the mall, that you will be better equipped to handle." Sawyer crawled back into the bed and lay down. His mind and heart were racing, at the possibilities this could bring to him. He thought to his family, and their wishes. Then, it was as if a stone was lifted from his chest. His desire to live returned, and there was something else that he couldn't put his finger on. 

He looked at the thunder god and nodded. "I'm in," he said. Thor touched his forehead and his whole world exploded. It was like a javelin of light had pierced his skull. He knew that he had died, he felt his heart stop, and his last breath leave his body. There, at the end of the tunnel was the light, and the voices of his family, but they weren't calling to him. Instead they told him he needed to stay, there was work to be done.

Then Michael Sawyer was reborn. Sucking in a deep breath, he opened his eyes. It was as if he had been blind and was seeing for the first time. Everything was crisp and bright. The noises of the room were clear, he could hear the voices of the people in the hallway, and he could hear their thoughts, feel their emotions, their fears. It was a flood of information that jammed through his skull. It was overwhelming at first, but with concentration he was able to filter out everything until it was a buzzing in the background. The minor aches and pains he had grown accustomed to over the last forty-five years were gone.

Thor turned from the bed, "if you need to speak with me, just call and I will answer. Rest now, you have much to do." He began to walk towards the wall, "there is one other thing," He said looking over his shoulder. "I was asked to tell you, don't be afraid to love." Then as he walked away, he glittered out of existence. 

Sawyer felt the heaviness of his eyelids, and fought to keep them open. He sucked in hard as he yawned deeply. He closed his eyes and took a deep relaxing breath. Soon the weariness won, and he slept.