 Sawyer's mouth felt as if he'd been marching in the desert. There was no moisture, even when he ran his tongue along his lips. He cracked his eyes open to be blinded by the bright sunlight streaming through the open curtains. Had it been a dream?, he thought to himself. He sat up and looked around the room. It was the same room, the same hideously tan walls meant to soothe, but made him want to vomit. The older equipment, humming and beeping. The well used dry erase board with his nurse's information on it, the date and the day's doctor. As he skimmed over the neatly handwritten information, he stopped at the date. It had been two weeks since the incident at the mall.

Two weeks! What the hell? He lay back on the bed and rubbed his throbbing head.

A million thoughts ran through his head. As he lay there trying to sort everything out, he heard singing. Only it was in his head, and it was a woman singing. It took him a minute to realize it was in Chinese, Mandarin to be exact, and that he understood the words. The singing continued as the door opened and a young Chinese woman entered the room backwards. Sawyer couldn't help but admire her shapely derriere. She had used it to open the door while she pulled a well used adjustable table into the room. The table had a pile of paperwork, what looked like an IV bag and several needles.

"Oh, you're awake," she said. While her accent wasn't thick, but he could tell English wasn't her native language. She abandoned her table and came to his bedside. "Try not to speak, you've been in a coma for two weeks. No need to damage your vocal chords."

Her name tag read Lien-hua, the same name on the dry erase board. She was a little more than five foot tall, trim athletic build with small supple breasts. Her glossy jet black hair was pulled into a ponytail at the center of her head, and the ends touched between her shoulder blades. She bustled around him, like an angry honey bee, taking his vitals, changing out the empty IV bags all the while asking simple questions about how he was felling, that only required a nod or a shake of the head. She moved so fast and efficiently that when she was done, Sawyer had a headache. She left the room with her rolling table, and the room quieted down.

She returned a few minutes later with a large insulated cup. "Now, I want you to chew on these ice chips for now until Dr. Pierre-Louis sees you." He nodded and reached for the cup. As he took the cup, his fingers brushed against hers, and he was rocked by a jolt. Her memories, fantasies, emotions washed over him like a large wave crashing on the shore. He had looked into her very soul, and knew her better than she knew herself. Sawyer clenched his eyes, trying to stem the flow of emotional information. When he opened his eyes, she was double checking his hookups.

He was about to whisper a question when the door opened and a man's head popped in. He was older, his mustache had more gray than brown. The harsh florescent lights reflected off of his bald head.

"Hey, yer awake," he said pushing the door open, and stepping in. He was tall, and thick, not overly fat, but fat on top of cords of muscle. His belly was protruding ever so slightly from the opening of his rumpled sport's jacket, that had obviously seen better days. There was a large dark stain on the left lapel of the sport's jacket that looked suspiciously like mustard. The right cuff had frayed on the inside as if it had been rubbing against something. Everything about him smelled like a cop. The way he walked, the way he carried himself, confident yet cautious. His eyes were quickly scanning the room as if looking for threats.

The cop was followed by a younger woman, she was his polar opposite. Short and thin, her light colored hair was stylishly cut short, as to deter its use as a hand hold. Her pant suit was immaculate, not a speck of lint or stray hairs and was neatly pressed. The top two buttons of her shirt were unbuttoned, allowing a glimpse of a small-chained gold necklace. She carried herself as if she always had something to prove to someone.

"We're lucky yer awake, been stopping by everyday just to talk to ya," the man said reaching into his sport's coat producing a worn leather wallet that with a flick of his wrist opened to reveal a gold badge. "I'm Detective Sergeant Richard Sanders, this is my partner Detective Ronnie Mars." Sawyer looked over to the woman who merely nodded towards him. "We'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind." He said producing a small digital recorder.

Lien-hua giggled, "You're Veronica Mars?" Mars' eyes narrowed to slits. Asian slut, probably slept with half the staff. She was about to lash out with an insult when Sanders snapped his head at the younger detective and shook his head. He knew how much she hated that she and the television show shared the same name. Lien-hua smiled sweetly and looked to Sawyer. He laid his hand on her arm reassuringly and nodded. "I'll be back in a few minutes," she said leaning over the bed rail. "If you want me to throw them out, just hit the call button," she said quietly. Sawyer nodded. She smiled at him and left the room. He couldn't help but admire her on the way out.

Sanders chuckled, "I've been chasing that little girl for two years now." Mars rolled her eyes in disgust. Sawyer opened his mind and could hear her. Sanders, you're an idiot.

Sawyer took an ice chip and slipped it between his lips. The cold wetness was like heaven. Within seconds the ice was gone and he was fishing out another piece to replace it. Sanders began the interview by asking simple questions. His interview was concise and well thought out. Sanders asked the questions as if he already knew the answers. Sawyer whispered his answers the best he could, taking them step by step from the time he heard the malfunctioning rifle to the first shots. Sanders would jot a note here or there, relying on the recorder to record everything else. Mars would interject a question or two here and there, clarifying something that he had said.

She didn't disguise her dislike of him, or his actions. Thinking that he was some some sort of glory hound. This is a waste of time, Mars thought openly. He was probably in with those three idiots. Killed them to make himself look like a hero. Thinks his good looks are going to get him onto TV.

Sawyer ignored her, with a dismissive bitch, and focused his attention on Sanders. Without trying, he saw into Sanders' mind and found that he knew of Sawyer's past, and what he had gone through. Sanders was sympathetic, he had lost his wife to cancer a few years ago, and rarely speaks to his two grown daughters. Sometimes he feels that when he lost his wife, the way his daughters treat him, they died as well. Now, Sanders focuses on his job to ease the pain of his loss. Sawyer felt sorry for him.

Sanders closed his notebook, and shut off the recorder. "I have spoke with the State Prosecutors, and they are not going to be filing any charges against you," he started. "Mars, give us a second will ya?" He asked his partner. She was about to say something, but left the room.

Sanders grabbed the chair by the window, pulled next to the bed and sat down on the edge, leaning close to Sawyer. "I've read your military jacket. I know what you're capable of, and you've gone through. The hard choices you've had to make. In '71, I was sixteen. I lied about my age, had someone sign the papers and joined the army to serve my country. I grew up plenty fast in the jungles of Vietnam. These kids," he waved towards the door, more pointedly to Mars, "have no idea what sacrifice is and what its like to make the hard choices." Sanders stood up and offered his hand. Sawyer took it. "Some of us at the station think you should be given a medal for your actions. Others think you should be crucified. Regardless of what others think, you saved a lot of lives, and it could have been a serious bloodbath had you not acted. " Sawyer opened his mouth to say something, but Sanders held up his hand. "Next time, leave it to the boys in blue, that's what they get paid the big bucks for," Sanders said with a smile.

Sawyer gave a weak smile and nodded. Sanders was about to say something, when the door opened and a tall thin black man entered the room. It wasn't a normal entry, where someone would walk in confidently, this man almost sashayed into the room. His cornrowed dreadlocks were pulled into a loose ponytail, and covered with a pink paisley bandanna. His goatee was cut into a devilishly neat Van Dyke. He wore a white lab coat over light blue hospital scrubs, with a hot pink stethoscope around his neck. Lien-hua followed behind him with a chart.

"Oh Detective Sanders," the doctor said. The way he spoke gave away his sexual orientation. The man didn't care who knew or cared what their opinion of him was. He relied on his abilities as a healer to speak for him.

"Detective Sergeant," Sanders corrected him, but he was grinning.

"Tomato, tomato," he pronounced it toe mah toe, with a heavy emphasis on the "mah", waving his hand dismissively. He then began sniffy around in an exaggerated manner. "It doesn't smell to bad in here, must not have grilled my patient to much," he said with a big toothy smile.

"Come on doc, you know Mars has the bigger balls."

"Oh honey I truly doubt that," the doctor said laying his hand on Sanders' shoulder. The two men laughed, shook hands then Sanders left chuckling. "Well now Mr Sawyer," the doctor said looking down at him. "I'm Dr Jean Pierre-Louis, how are you feeling?" The doctor and Sawyer discussed his condition. Dr Pierre-Louis was pleased that his injuries had been superficial, that there was no permanent damage, and now that he was awake, he would be released in a day or two.

__

After mulling over what Thor had told him. He spent the next couple of days putting his down time to good use, and began exercising his abilities. He learned to stretch out his mind, seeking out those he wanted to interact with. He discovered how to enter their thoughts and disguise himself as if he was the voice in their head. Twice he had taken control of a person and made them do something. Nothing dangerous, but a little shocking. He took control of an attractive young woman who, with her husband, was visiting her sick mother-in-law. He made her excuse herself to use the restroom and commanded her to rub her nipples until she was aroused, and begging her husband to take her in the elevator. That had been quite the gossip for a day.

He found an old man who was in a coma. Sawyer saw that the man's mind was a maelstrom of emotions, and jumbled thoughts. An accident had caused an injury to his head had trapped him in his own body. Over the next few hours he explored the man's mind. He sifted through the information and memories. It was so jumbled that several times Sawyer thought he was going to be lost himself, but he concentrated on a single figure that was important to the man, his wife of sixty years. Using that, Sawyer began to reconstruct pathways and push the man back to his former self.

He felt a hand touch his arm, jerking him back into his own body. He opened his eyes and saw Zoe. She had really dressed for the visit, pale green shorty shorts that barely covered her round ass, and exposed her long tan legs. The orange lacy bra pushed her breasts together and peeked out from under the tight bright green tank top.

She set a large Styrofoam cup of coffee on the table and dropped a Dunkin Donuts bag next to the cup.

"And I thought you looked terrible that last day we worked together," she said with a warm smile. She flopped down in the chair by his bed, and kicked her bare feet on the edge of his bed, her flip flops had managed to stay on the floor. She popped the top of her own cup and sipped at the hot liquid.

"I see Walt wasn't awake when you dressed yourself this morning," he said.

She squinted at him and stuck her tongue out at him. Walt, Zoe's husband, hated the fact that his very attractive wife, lived by the motto: If you've got it, flaunt it. And Zoe loved to flaunt it, using her god given charms more than once to get something for free, or get ahead in some fashion. It drove poor Walt crazy, but she was devoted to her husband, and wouldn't stray no matter the circumstances. It was something that Sawyer admired about his friend.

"So, are you going to lay around here all week or you going to do something constructive?" she asked.

"Lay here all week. Hell, any time away from you riding my ass is a vacation," he said. Zoe scowled and stuck her tongue out and blew a raspberry. "I should be released today or tomorrow. Dr Pierre-Louis was curious about my blood work, but can't find a reason to keep me here any longer," he said opening the bag and extracting one of his two weaknesses, a lemon filled doughnut. He savored the first bite, letting the lemon custard dance on his tongue before devouring it in two bites. "So, I'm gonna need a ride home."

"Not a problem," she said. Lien-hua strolled into the room with a wash basin, and went into the bathroom. There was something different about her. Something animalistic. They could hear the water running. "Oh, sponge bath time!" Zoe said with a big grin. "Wait, I thought you were able to get up and move around on your own," she said as she eyed the young nurse coming into the room with a wash basin full of soapy water. Sawyer looked over at his friend and raised his eyebrows.

"Okay Mr Sawyer, let's get you cleaned up," Lien-hua said setting the wash basin on the table and pulling the curtain closed behind her. She looked at Zoe with a curious eye, "are you going to help, or watch?" Sawyer was struck by the nurse's comment. He peeked into her mind and found she was extremely attracted to him. So much that he was the current object of her last several masturbatory fantasies. The last orgasm had been one the most intense ones of her life. Lien-hua was very horny, wanted a taste, and she wasn't going to let him get away without a sample. She began removing the hospital gown, not bothering to wait for Zoe's answer.

"I'll be outside," Zoe said pulling her feet off the bed and into her flip flops. She made a hasty exit, closing the door behind her.

Lien-hua smiled as she pulled the gown off of his body, exposing him. She grabbed the wash cloth, wrung it out and began washing his feet. Slowly she made her way up his left leg, taking care to get both sides, finally stopping mid-thigh. Then she started on his right leg, slowly making her way upwards. Her touch was soothing and erotic at the same time. Sawyer was embarrassed when his cock started to grow, as she finished on his right thigh. Her breathing became heavier as she rinsed out the wash cloth and began washing his scrotum, gently messaging it.

"Mr Sawyer," she started.

"Micheal," he interrupted her.

Smiling she leaned over and kissed him. Her lips were soft and the kiss was gentle. He reached up and pulled her closer, the kiss becoming more urgent. He devoured her lips, their tongues dancing and exploring each others mouths. Sawyer reached up and began caressing her hip. She twisted into his hand, filling it with her ass.

"Michael, I don't know what's come over me. I've never done something like this, but I need you. I have thinking about you since the day you arrived here," she said in a whisper, between kissing his lips. "I've touched myself thinking of you so many times," she said. "Its like I'm not in control."

"How much time time do we have?" He asked.

"I got off at six," she smiled. He looked over at the clock, it read six fifteen. "Dr. Pierre-Louis signed your discharge papers. Lisa, your night nurse is my room mate. She gave me an hour, before she discharged you."

She brought the wash cloth up along his hard shaft, stroking it up and down. She slipped the wash cloth down between his legs, and between ass cheeks. Sawyer adjusted his legs to give her better access to him. Her right hand had taken a hold of his cock and was gently stroking it.

Sawyer slipped his hand up under her scrubs top and down the waist band of her trousers. He caressed her ass cheek, finding her skin burning with desire. She kicked off her shoes and shimmied out of her trousers. She wore a pair of purple boy shorts that accentuated her round ass. Slipping his hands down her hips, he dragged the boy shorts down her legs exposing a patch of dark hair, trimmed into a landing strip. He slipped his hands between her legs and caressed up her thigh. She gasped into his mouth as his finger gently brushed against her hard clit. His slipped his finger along her clit, between her lips and found she was already soaked and burning with desire.

Lien-hua stepped back, extracting herself from his touch. She lifted the scrubs over her head and tossed it on the pile of clothing on the floor. Reaching back behind her, she removed the bra, exposing her pert breasts. Her dark areolas were puffy, and her hard nipples pointed slightly outward. She crawled onto the bed into his lap. She reached between them and guided his hard shaft against her wet opening. They both moaned as she sank onto his hardness. She had never felt so full in her life. Their lips mashed against each other, their tongues fighting for dominance. She rocked her hips back and forth, feeling him slide in and out of her.

He pulled her head back by her dark hair exposing her neck. He kissed and licked along her neck to her shoulder, as he took her nipple between his fingers. He knew that her nipples were sensitive and she loved to have them played with. He rolled and gently pulled her nipple, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from her. He thrust his hips in time with the rocking of her hips, urging her closer. He took her left nipple in his mouth and began sucking and nibbling on the hard nubbin.

Lien-hua took his head in her hands and kissed the top of his head, moaning as he sucked and teased her sensitive nipples. She rode him harder as she plateaued and felt the wave of pleasure crash over her. She rode out the incredible orgasm, her body spasming, he could feel her pussy pulsating around his cock. He continued thrusting into her, until her face scrunched up in pleasure again. She bit her lips to keep from screaming out. She lay forward on his chest, gasping for breath. Sawyer slowed his hips, taking long slow strokes until her breathing returned to its normal rate.

"You haven't cum yet?" She asked. To his own surprise, he wasn't close, and he shook his head kissing her lips. She groaned, as he wrapped his arms round her. It took a minute or two, but they rolled over until she was under him, surprisingly he never left her warmth.

Sawyer slowly pulled back until only the head of his cock was in, then thrust hard burying himself to the hilt. They kissed as if they were starving, their tongues caressing and stroking the others. He continued his pace for several minutes until the tingling began deep in his testicles. Picked up his pace, thrusting hard and fast. Lien-hua bit into his shoulder as had another body wracking orgasm. He felt the ripples of her orgasm milking his cock. He grunted as he exploded deep within her releasing everything he had.

They lay there, both gasping for breath. "Holy shit," was all he could say, and she nodded in agreement. Sawyer looked down into her dark eyes, and something deep inside him shifted. Something about this woman clicked into place and he couldn't see himself without her. He lay his forehead against hers, and everything poured out. She knew what he knew, and vice versa. They understood each other like no other person had known them, it was as if their souls had touched, and while not whole, were closer to being complete.
