 The revelers of the Midnight Garden were well into their parties and activities but Tibby mostly kept out of it. Not that she really had a choice. Daniel only let her out for the less raunchy parties but she didn't mind. Whenever Cass and Mina had their hours off, they would hang out in her room and Tibby got to know the two women better. She much preferred their company over the other people at the parties.

For the first time since she could remember, she had friends. She knew that Cass had a younger sister she was taking care of, was dating a police officer from the main city named Marina, and loved pineapples. Fresh fruit was a luxury but Tibby had only asked Daniel for some to be delivered to her room so the three women could enjoy the rare treat with honey. Mina was married with three children, she had mind bonded with her husband when both of them had been in the wombs of their mothers, and she was deathly afraid of drowning.

Tibby didn't really have anything to say back to them, well nothing she would ever want to talk about. When Mina asked her personal questions and Tibby had no answers, Cass usually filled in the silence with some juicy tidbit on one of the guests. But there was little she knew about the one man that had taken up permanent residence in Tibby's head.

"So, have you seen that Ezekiel guy again?" Cass asked for the seventeenth time, wiggling her eyebrows.

Tibby flushed. She had told them everything about her encounter with Mr. Ezekiel, everything but that strange feeling she had gotten off of him when she'd met him for the second time.

"Of course not, I've stayed in this room since the first night." Tibby speared a tomato and chewed on it longer than necessary just so she could avoid any further explanations. Not that she hadn't wanted to see him, hoping to catch a glimpse the few times she had left her room to see Daniel or have a private dinner with him.

"Well don't seek him out, he's dangerous," Mina finally spoke up. Every time the subject of Ryan Ezekiel came up, Mina had stayed surprisingly quiet and this was the first time she had anything to say on the subject.

"Why the hell not? I saw the man this morning and daay-um, I swear I'd proposition him into a threesome if my girlfriend let me." Tibby knew Cass was only joking since she knew Cass had never had any desire to be with a man. In her words she was a "golden lesbian."

"Wait, where did you see him?" The question slipped out before Tibby realized what she had said reeked of an interest she should not be feeling.

For once Cass looked sheepish and reluctant to divulge that information. Borrowing her chop stick, Cass took a mouthful of her spaghetti and chomped noisily.

"Tibby, dear, please stay away from him. He's dangerous," Mina reiterated.

"Why, what have you heard of him?" Tibby already knew he dabbled into illegal things, but her family made a business of it. Who was she to cast stones?

"Not much," she hedged, "But all the men he had dealings with are just a little bit afraid of him. I've heard that no one can get a read on him and his mental barriers are impassible."

"Well that just means he's got enough money to buy the latest net from Xerxes Corp," Cass pointed out.

"His barriers have never been seen. It's just a smokescreen." Every Psych could feel and see another Psych's shields, a tangible maze of walls and wires in their mind.

Cass frowned at Mina, looking affronted. "How would you know? I didn't even know that!"

"I was talking to Mistress Kadara. You know she has that security company that tried to hack into barriers right?" Both Cass and Tibby nodded. "Well, she was telling her daughter while I was doing her hair that she tried to break in but she couldn't even enter his mind to communicate."

Tibby just nodded, wondering what all that meant. Being a full human, she had the bare minimum knowledge of barriers and Daniel hadn't expanded that further than what she needed to know to survive. By the awed look on Cass's face, Tibby took that to mean that is was a big deal but she didn't think that qualified Ryan Ezekiel as a dangerous man.

"Okay, that is weird. But that can't mean he's a bad guy," Cass cried, unknowingly echoing Tibby's thoughts.

"Don't you think he's trying to hide something? He has the security of an Elite and he's clearly from the Badlands. My advice is to just steer clear of that whole mess."

Cass let the subject drop and said something about another guest but Tibby didn't hear a word of it. What Mina said made her think about what he had to hide. Again she remembered that feeling she had had of him when her brother introduced them. It was like meeting another person. The first man she had met had been warm, teasing and brazen. While not exactly safe, Tibby had felt comfortable around him. But the man she met the second time was cold and disturbing. Safety was the farthest thing from her mind when she looked into his eyes. It seemed like they were two different men but that was impossible. No one could inhabit the mind of another person, not even if the vehicle was a human. Tibby decided she was just being silly. Mr. Ezekiel had probably just acted standoffish because her brother was there.

~Tibby, come see me now.~

She jolted at the invasion of her brother's voice. Both Cass and Mina stopped their conversation and looked at her with a frown.

Mina reached out towards Tibby. "Hey, you okay?"

Forcing a smile, Tibby shook her head and merely said that her brother wanted to see her. Mina began to clear up their plates and Cass gathered up their bags. It was like clockwork. Every evening, Tibby's brother would call her just when she was having dinner with them. They knew enough about Daniel both from Tibby and previous visits that they rarely protested.

"We'll see you tomorrow 'kay?" Cass hugged Tibby with one arm as she ushered them to the door. Tibby smiled and hugged Mina before closing the door.

Pushing away from the door, she reluctantly made her way across the room to the adjoining door. It was usually left locked on Daniel's side unless he called for her. As an extra precaution, she also locked it on her side even knowing that Daniel had the key to override the lock. It made her sleep easier at night even if it was futile.

She found Daniel with his usual contingent of guards stationed around the room at various points. Daniel himself sat in a chain in the middle of the room and the very man that had been on her mind stood beside him with his PACT. A larger projection of a maze of nerves was set on the blank wall in front of Ezekiel. Mr. Ezekiel didn't even glance up from his PACT, making her just a little miffed. Daniel noticed the way she hesitated to take her seat and frowned slightly.

"Ezekiel's here to work on the Visa. Sit down."

Like a well-trained dog, she sat down on the sofa across from Daniel. Usually, these daily visits were conducted with just Daniel and the guards. He'd talk to her about his day, ask her about hers and generally act like a loving and caring brother. If Daniel hadn't kissed her, she might have naively thought that. But with that kiss, everything Daniel did for her came under a dark shadow of suspicion. He had her sit next to him on the sofa and held her hand, occasionally playing with her hair. If she tied it up, he'd roughly rip the pins out and play with her hair anyway. They could have looked like a married couple to any outsider. Thankfully, he didn't try to kiss her again.

"Stay still, I need a better read on your walls," Ezekiel commanded.

It was only then she noticed the silver sensor tabs that were attached to either sides of Daniel's forehead. The pulsed with a low blue light every time Ezekiel typed something in his PACT.

"Should I come back at a better time?" Tibby asked, fidgeting with her hands.

"No. Your brother asked me to look at your Mental Map. He told me it was malfunctioning the first day here. Something about you not responding to him?" Ezekiel smirked as he said the last. Tibby wanted to say that it was his entire fault, that he somehow blocked Daniel's call. But then Daniel would know that she had been alone with the man for some time, and then more questions would ensue. So she merely nodded, fully intending to lay the blame on Ezekiel if she got him alone.

"There, the sensors are set to do a complete scan but you need to stay as still as possible. Meanwhile, why don't I take Tibby to her room to look at her walls?" Ezekiel addressed her brother as he tucked his PACT under his arm. The projection still stayed on the wall, showing a blue and red brain with a percentage on the side.

"Why can't you do it here?" Daniel groused.

"The sensors I put on her are going interfere with yours if there's such a close proximity between the two," Ezekiel explained in a condescending tone. "I'm hardly taking her to the ends of the Earth, Cross. If you feel like I'm such a danger to her, send a guard with her."

With a quick motion of his hands, Daniel called forth one of his goons.

"He'll be watching you like a hawk, Ezekiel. She's the most precious thing in my world," Daniel said while looking directly at Tibby. The possessive words made the blood pumping through her veins run ice cold.

"How touching," Ezekiel mocked. "I'll be very gentle with her." Tibby's eyes darted to Ezekiel. His tone somehow implied the exact opposite but maybe it was only her. Daniel just nodded his head and Tibby stood to go. Ezekiel and the guard followed behind her, Ezekiel making sure to close the door behind them.

Tibby stopped in the middle of the room, consumed by nerves. She didn't know how to deal with Ezekiel.

"Um, where do you want me?"

"There is fine." Ezekiel absentmindedly gestured to the sofa next to Tibby as he began setting up his equipment. He took out two sensors and walked over to her. She kept her eyes lowered while he pushed back her hair and pressed the sensors to her forehead. She felt his fingers smooth her hair behind her ear and her eyes snapped open. The touch was gone so quickly, she half thought she imagined it.

"It was all your fault. You did something to interfere with Daniel's signal," Tibby murmured, hoping her words didn't reach the guard. He stood leaning up against the far wall.

"So I did," Ezekiel admitted with no small amount of barely restrained glee.

"Then why are you going to look over my Mental Map?"

Ezekiel bared his teeth in what she supposed could have been mistaken for a smile.

"How else was I going to get you alone?"

Tibby inhaled sharply, not sure she should be feeling pleased. This man scared her. At first he had seemed comforting but then there'd been an aura of menace around him. She didn't know which persona to trust, which one was the real Ezekiel.

"You-" Ezekiel interrupted her, placing a finger over her lips. A moment later, she heard a thud and turned to glance at where the guard had been. He lay slumped on the floor in an unconscious heap.

"Don't worry, he won't remember a thing. When he wakes up, all he'll remember is me working diligently to fix the many kinks on your walls."

"How did you do that? You can't invade someone's mind like that!" Daniel himself had paid for top-notch shields for his guards so they couldn't be easily overpowered. But it seemed like Ezekiel hadn't even broken a sweat.

"If you say so, Tibby. Just like I can't interfere with Daniel's signals, right?" Ezekiel caged her in, his arms on either side of head, his movements like that of a predator closing in on his prey.

Tibby gulped as she looked at him, her eyes wide with fear.

"Who are you?" she whispered.

His smile was mocking. "I'm Ryan Ezekiel, love. You know this."

"No, no, that's not what I meant. I-I felt something. When Daniel introduced us, you felt different, like a completely different man. How can that be?" Tibby's voice trembled as she gave voice to her impossible fears. How could one man feel like two completely different people? She had never heard of such things.

"Tell me Tibby, how did meeting me the second time make you feel?"

Darting her tongue out in a quick swipe over her suddenly dry lips, she pressed herself deeper into the plush cushions. Ezekiel raised his brow and leaned in closer.

"Scared."

"And?"

"Frightened."

"And?"

"Terrified."

Ezekiel chuckled. "I never knew you were a thesaurus," he teased.

Tibby tentatively smiled back, feeling at ease with him just a bit. He almost seemed like the Ryan Ezekiel she'd met on the balcony except for the slight fear he still inspired in her.

"Hunted. I felt like I was being hunted by you. Like you were tracking my every move, just waiting to pounce," she admitted.

"Really?" Ezekiel seemed pleased. "Would it be so bad to be captured by me?"

Shyly, she lowered her lashes and shrugged her shoulders. "I'm already the captive of one man." Never in a million years would Tibby imply to anyone she was less than pleased to be with Daniel but this man could drag the darkest secrets out of her. In no way did she trust him, but neither could she resist him. "How could you be any different?"

"But I am different." Tibby felt Ezekiel's stubble scrape over the sensitive skin of the right side of her face. He rested his lips over the burning crest of her cheek. "I wouldn't cage you in with threats and keep you locked away in a room to wither away."

"You'd let me go free?" But suddenly Tibby didn't want to free, at least not from this man. The dark menace was oddly titillating her. It was the feeling one got when petting a dangerous tiger, feeling all that feral power under one's fingertips and seeing how far you could touch it until it snapped and leaped on you.

His low chuckling sounded in her ear.

"I'd never be as foolish to do that. I'd keep you locked up in a gilded cage, displayed for my pleasure. But don't worry, I'll let you out to play, of course. I want to see how sweet you can taste, how intoxicating your surrender will be. I'll brand you with my scent, my touch until you know you're mine without needing any kind of cage. You won't be my captive, you'll be my obsession."

His words were a threat, clear and simple. They should have had Tibby running and screaming from the room to Daniel. Fear should have had her heart pounding, and her hands should be pushing his away. Instead a wicked longing to be laid out for this man's pleasure licked up her spine.

"No..." Tibby put her hands out to his shoulder, exerting little pressure. Her nails dug into the tense muscles there.

"Yesss," he hissed, his lips at the corner of her mouth.

"You're not good for me," Tibby protested; more for her benefit that his. Maybe reminding herself why she shouldn't be thinking about kissing him, feeling his lips force hers open would actually stop her from having these dangerous thoughts.

"Yes, I'm very, very bad for you. I'd corrupt you, ruin you," he promised wickedly.

"Ruin me..." Tibby didn't mean for the words to sound like an invitation, but he took them as such.

"My pleasure," Ezekiel suddenly pushed her down on the sofa and straddled her hips before blanketing her with his lean body. It was done so fast, so smooth; she didn't even have time to squeal. Tibby couldn't breathe, not because he was heavy but for the first time she felt the hard contours of man on top of her. Her whole body seemed to pulse under him, quivering like a tuning fork. She remembered the Scavengers, and how they swarmed over her body ravenous in their unholy desire to taste her flesh. But this -- this felt like nothing she had ever experienced. She could barely think beyond the next place where Ezekiel might put his lips. He brushed them gently over the hills and dips on her face, the touch butterfly soft.

"What are you doing?" Tibby's words came out on a puff of air.

"Breaking my promise," Ezekiel growled against her lips just before he kissed her. She gasped, unwittingly giving him the very opening he was looking for her. His tongue invaded her mouth like a conquering marauder, but it enticed her tongue to a lover's waltz. It was hot and slippery, his tongue rough. Every inch of her mouth was minutely explored, her teeth caressed. He breathed the air form her lungs, making her light headed. She feared she would pass out until he gave her his own breath.

His hands roamed down her sides, stopping at her waist. The tips of his fingers teased the small expanse of stomach that was exposed from her shirt. Tibby's hand jerked to his when she felt his touch, having never felt another's naked touch on that part of her body. She held his wrist immobile but she didn't fool herself into thinking that he stayed still because of her. It was done on his own will.

"Kiss me back." Ezekiel's lips briefly left hers to usher that command before he fit them back over hers. Tentatively, she pushed into his mouth and found his tongue. He let her explore, letting her decide what she liked. She sipped form his mouth sucking little kisses, her moans captured in his mouth. With her free hand, she cupped his jaw, rubbing her thumb over the stubble there. His jaw moved under her fingers as he slanted his head to get a better angle. Tibby became lost in his kiss, feeling all her control being taken from her. She was more than willing to give it away. She didn't want to think about Daniel or her future at his side. With this one kiss, Ezekiel made her forget her first kiss and this replaced that memory. This was her first kiss.

Being completely engrossed in Ezekiel, it was like a splash of cold water on her face when he jerked away and pulled her to a sitting position all in the same move. She gasped in a great lungful of air. Ezekiel sprang back to a respectable distance and Tibby dimly registered her forgotten guard waking up. He didn't even notice that he had been on the floor, merely got up and leaned back against the wall like before.

The door was shoved open and two other guards stood in the doorway.

"The PACT completed the scan. Mr. Cross asked if you fixed his sister's shields," one of them grumbled.

Ezekiel nodded and left Tibby sitting dazed and confused on the sofa. As he passed her, he winked at her. Tibby quickly touched the back of her hands to her enflamed cheeks, knowing if Daniel saw her now he'd know exactly what had happened. How could she be so foolish, so reckless? Daniel made sure she'd learned from her past transgression and the devil only knew what'd he'd do to her if he found out what she'd let Ezekiel do to her.

"Did you fix her?" Daniel's voice reached her through the open door.

"I think you might have bought a faulty shield, probably a knock off of the ones Xerxes Corp produces. The underlying structure is good, but I'll have to tear down the rest and fill in the faulty programming." That was Ezekiel's voice and Tibby knew he was lying. That meant they would spend more time together. Tibby touched her swollen lips, imagining more of those kisses. Should she allow this to go on? The only thing she had to look forward to was a life as Daniel's sexual plaything. She didn't have a hope of escaping it, but for these few days she could have a man with her of her own choosing. It was that thought that decided it for her.

Yes, she would take whatever pleasure she could with Ryan Ezekiel and tattoo those memories to her brain. And when she was in bed with Daniel, for she knew that was her inevitable future, she'd call upon those memories and relive each stolen moment.