 Her back arched in a bow, strung by Ezekiel's masterful touch. Tibby panted, struggling to hold onto any coherent thought. He mouthed her nipple, flicking the distended nub that seemed to have a direct connection to the secret place between her thighs. She scissored them together in a desperate attempt to feel any kind of friction. She felt Ezekiel smile around her nipple. He slid his big hands down her sides, taking her dress and sliding the fabric down her thighs and off her in one swift flick.

She gasped as cool air met the heated flesh of her nether lips. Ezekiel maneuvered his legs between hers until her legs were spread wide apart, open to his perusal. Little whimpers of distress escaped her lips, and her hands flew to his head trying to push him away. For some reason, having even part of the dress cover her had somehow convinced her she was in control. Now, without even the barest covering she felt too vulnerable. Ezekiel was dressed from head to toe while she, in a few touches was left absolutely bare.

Ezekiel clamped his teeth around her nipple, making soothing sounds until she marginally settled down. He laid his body more firmly over her, protecting her from the chill and providing a cover that lulled her into a temporary sense of safety.

"Do you want to know what I like?" Ezekiel mumbled around her nipple.

Tibby shook her head, then nodded. She didn't know if she was saying whether she didn't know or if that she wanted to know what he liked. But he seemed to understand her conflicting answer.

"I like you going wild," he said as he pulled away and rose up to his knees, "beneath me, as I..." Ezekiel gripped her thighs and pulled her towards him until the apex of her thighs fit snugly to the growing bulge in his pants. He shrugged off his coat then slowly unbuttoned his white shirt with one hand, the other rubbing a spot at the crease where her thighs met her hips.

"As you what?" Tibby's voice was hushed. Ezekiel looked like a pagan god as he striped himself, revealing the smooth muscles beneath. His chest was hairless and unmarked. As the shirt parted, Tibby spied a dark treasure trail starting at his navel, disappearing into the waistband of his pants. The lower part of her body was shadowed, and she was thankful for at least that much.

The darkness gave her enough courage to be rendezvousing with an almost stranger completely in the nude inside this abandoned building.

"As I-," Ezekiel bunched up his shirt and lifted her hips, then placed the small bundle underneath her. This new position tilted her hips in an irresistible offer. She would have squirmed away but he held her firmly.

"As I," he continued, "lick..." He lowered his head and licked around her navel. "Bite..." He moved down to her hairless pussy, nibbling on the skin. His teeth opened against her sensitive and swollen labia lips before gently clamping down. Tibby's leg jerked involuntary but Ezekiel's hands held down each of her ankles to the cool wooden floor.

"Ryan," Tibby keened, grounding her head against the floor and bit the back of her hand to stifle another moan.

"And suck." Ezekiel's tongue probed beneath her hood, seeking out that small pearl. He rested his tongue against it, feeling it pulse. He sucked it in his mouth and this time Tibby did scream. He chuckled around her clit, but still kept his mouth clamped on it. He mouthed the sensitive flesh, licking up her slick creaminess.

Tibby thought she was going to go out of her mind when Ezekiel stiffened his tongue and rimmed her opening. He poked it inside her and Tibby clamped her thighs around his head. All of her senses were focused entirely on that magical mouth and tongue. The sensation of the rough wood abrading her back, the chilly air coasting over her sweat sheered skin, the slick fabric of Ezekiel's pants sliding under her thighs -- it was all multiplied tenfold until she thought her whole body was one bit pulsating nerve ending. Just one more touch and she'd shatter into a million pieces.

"Ryan, please -- please, I need, oh God please!" She didn't know what she was pleading for. Ezekiel's lips curved against her slick skin and Tibby just knew he was smiling. He sucked at her clit, flicking it with the tip of his tongue faster and faster. Her thighs tensed, and she half sat up as her orgasm crashed through her body. It started as a small tingle at her pussy but spread like a wildfire through her body until she was burning from the inside out. Even the tips of her fingers tingled. Ezekiel bit down hard on her clit, sending her down another turbulent orgasm, the pain just adding to her pleasure.

When she recovered, Ezekiel's face was hovering above hers. She closed her eyes and pursed her lips. The pungent odor of her juices invaded her nostrils but it was strangely arousing. Ezekiel kissed her, sharing her taste with her and she moaned at the unfamiliar taste. Wrapping her arms around his neck like a vise, she sucked at his tongue and lapped up the remnants of her release from the hot cavern of his mouth.

It was a shocking bolt to her satiated body when Ezekiel knifed up, his eyes narrowed but unseeing. After a moment, he scrambled away from her and reached for his clothes.

"C'mon, get dressed. Your brother is looking for you."

Panic suffused her whole body and she frantically grabbed at the crumpled mess of her gown. She pulled the dress over her still quivering body, her hands shaking so badly the shirt slipped twice over her hips before she got to the bodice. An angry sob escaped her kiss swollen lips when she couldn't remember how to reactive the touch zip. Strong hands captured her wrists and shook her. She looked up at Ezekiel.

"Calm down. We have time to get back. Trust me, okay?"

Tibby was too paralyzed with fear to speak so she nodded. Ryan gathered up her bodice and pulled it over her chest, but not without a lingering glance at her breasts. He flicked a finger against one of her nipples, making her gasp before he dropped a quick kiss on her shoulder. He held the two edges of the cloth together then traced horizontal lines across the fabric which re-zipped the fabric. In no time, her dress looked exactly like it had when she'd first worn it. But her face on the other hand was surely sporting evidence from her love play. She knew her lips were swollen and red but there was no remedy for that other than time. Time she did not have.

Ezekiel led her back the ballroom, but this time she was distracted for an altogether different reason. They entered the Palace from a small servant's entrance and Tibby dimly wondered how Ezekiel knew his way around. They reached the ballroom but before they could enter, Ezekiel pulled her back into his arms.

"We're going to continue this and next time I'll have you screaming on my dick," he warned before taking her lips in a rough kiss. He then pushed her into the ballroom, making her stumble before he caught her footing.

"Tibby!"

Tibby turned to see Daniel hurrying towards her. When he reached her, he grabbed her arms hard enough to bruise.

"Were have you been? And where are your guards?" he demanded.

Tibby opened her mouth but no sound came out. Her game was up. Daniel would find out exactly what she had been doing and she'd be punished. She looked around in a futile attempt to find a friendly face, maybe Ezekiel's but he had disappeared. To her surprise, her two guards almost magically appeared behind her as if they'd been there the whole time. One of them was shaking his head and looked a bit dazed if he'd just come out of a deep sleep.

She turned back to Daniel, who looked only slightly mollified.

"Never mind, the dinner is starting and I thought I'd escort you."

Tibby nodded and let Daniel take her arm. It all felt so surreal. It felt like any moment Daniel would turn on her and attack her. The ghost of Ezekiel's touch still lingered on her skin, and it felt so wrong to be touched by Daniel now. She touched her lips, which still felt swollen but Daniel didn't comment.

He led her to the dining room that was across the ballroom. It was similarly designed like the ballroom, with the exception of a gigantic crystal table in the middle. Various foods graced the table, from many cultures. In the middle of the table, six women posed artfully on a dessert platter, their own skin covered with bits and pieces of sweets. They giggled and twittered when a few men hooted and howled at them. Daniel sat her down at a chair next to him, before taking his own seat. A bell sounded, quieting the hundred or so guests.

Tibby looked to the head of the table and a debonair man in a dark blue suit, a black fedora and a cane stood up and smiled at the people sitting at the table. A screen behind him projected his image for those farther down the table.

"I hope everyone is enjoying their night tonight." His voice boomed around the room and many of the guests cheered. "We only have seven more days left in the Midnight Gardens. Tomorrow we hit the iconic Maze Meet event, and I can say I already have my blindfold on hand." That comment set off a round of laughter and Tibby looked to Daniel for explanation.

He leaned towards her so he could be heard above the crowd. "That's Lucien Wolfe. He owns the Palace."

"What's the Maze Meet event?"

"Nothing you need to be concerned with," Daniel said as he leaned forward and kissed her.

She firmly pressed her lips closed but Daniel dug his nails in her jaw until she was forced to grant him entry. His tongue felt sickening as it invade her mouth and filled her with his wet saliva in sloppy kiss. When he pulled away, she wiped off the excess saliva with the back of her hand. She looked around to see if anyone had seen and her eyes caught Ezekiel's blank face a few chairs down from her on the opposite side. Her gaze skittered away, not wanting to see the disgust that was probably in his face.

Daniel mostly ignored her for the rest of the dinner, except for the possessive hand he kept glued to her thigh. Every so often, he'd try to inch his hand to between her thighs and she'd shift in her seat. Then his hand would go back to its former position burning a hole through her dress.

Tibby tried to ignore Ezekiel but his boisterous voice and laughter drew her to him always. A blonde woman sat at his left and a slender man sat to his left. The woman was covertly flirting with Ezekiel. Tibby clenched her fork, imagining how the silver tines would look gouging out the slut's eyes. Very pretty, she decided after she saw the blonde force a sloppy kiss on Ezekiel's neck. Daniel's leech-like hands were momentarily forgotten as she gave herself over to the fantasy of storming over and across table to rake her nails down the slut's face.

For however long Tibby had Ezekiel, he would be hers exclusively and she'd tell him that the next time they met.

"Daniel, my man. You never introduced me to your beautiful sister." Tibby forced herself to look away and looked up behind her to see Lucien Wolfe. He grinned down at her just like his namesake. Daniel stood up and she followed, standing a bit behind him.

"Lucien, meet my beautiful sister Tabitha," Daniel said with a stiff smile.

Lucien stepped forward and took Tabitha's lax hand, bringing it his lips for a kiss.

"Beautiful doesn't do her justice, Daniel." Tibby blushed at Lucien's compliment. He was very handsome, with sharp blade-like features and piecing grey-white eyes.

"Thank you. I can't guess what your costume is but it suits you," Tibby said as she reclaimed her hand.

Lucien grinned down at her. "I'm a gangster from the prohibition era. Will you be attending the Maze tomorrow evening, Tabitha?"

"Tibby," she corrected automatically. "And I don't even know what the Maze event is."

If possible, her answer seemed to make Lucien even more pleased. "Oh, a complete novice, Daniel, you sly dog, you've been keeping this gem all to yourself. Why don't you let me chaperone her through the event tomorrow?"

It was posed as a question but Tibby heard the clear command. She looked back at Daniel, who was grinding his teeth.

"I don't think Tibby would like the Maze. She's a very private person and she's easily shocked."

Lucien laughed, but the sound held little mirth. Tibby shivered. "Come now Daniel, Who better than me to show Tibby her first time at the Maze? And you'll be busy at the Coronation meeting."

Tibby looked between the two men, the lone audience to their staring match. She didn't know why Daniel was so hesitant to stamp his claim on her in front of this man. He could have just told him that she wasn't allowed to go.

"Lucien, Cross," Ezekiel appeared in front of them and stepped between the two men. "Should I be calling for seconds and a pair of rapiers?" he said on a laugh.

Lucien was the first to break from the stare and looked over to Ezekiel.

"Ryan, where have you been, you bastard? I've got some business with you." Lucien clapped Ezekiel's shoulder.

"I was taking a breath of fresh air," Ezekiel said as he stared straight at her.

Lucien smirked. "Fresh air, huh? Where you taking anything else?" he asked, his tone heavy with innuendo.

Ezekiel just smiled coolly. He turned to Daniel.

"Cross, I'll work with your sister's Mental Map tomorrow but after I'm done she'll need to go into a cryosleep for a few hours so her neural nerves can mold to her new walls. It'll be painful otherwise."

Daniel threw a triumphant glance at Lucien and nodded. "Of course and I imagine it'll take the whole day?" Ezekiel nodded. "Good, good. Well then, Lucien, maybe you can give Tibby a tour of the Palace after she recovers."

"I'll hold you to that," Lucien said evenly. He turned to Tibby and gave a slight bow. "Tibby, it was a pleasure. I do hope you'll allow me a dance after dinner. I have to go mingle with my other guests."

Tibby nodded and offered him a smile. He said his goodbyes to the other two men and moved on to a group of men clad in green and red.

"Tibby, why don't you finish your dinner? Ezekiel and I have to discuss some things." Daniel nodded at her seat and Tibby sat down. She watched as Daniel and Ezekiel walked out of the room, wondering what Daniel wanted to say to him. She wondered if Ezekiel really would be spending the next day with her, and if so what would happen. He'd warned her about what he wanted to do to her, but knowing that she'd have sex with him the next time they met was a bit disconcerting. The only two experiences with sex she'd had had been an hour ago and the other had been with the Scavengers.

While she might not have physically been abused by the Scavengers, she'd mentally been there. She thanked God she did not have the memories but some scars were too deep. Sex was something to be enjoyed and her outlook for sex was colored by her past and her impending future with Daniel. The only bright middle she had was the time with Ezekiel.

Mina was happily married but she seemed reluctant to talk about sex. Cass was more open but Tibby didn't know if Cass had ever had sex with a man. She'd ask both of them when they came to her room later in the night to take her dress and take notes if she had to.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"You're playing a dangerous game, Novos."

Xerxes glanced away from the vision of Tibby dancing with her asshole brother. She truly looked like a goddess, embodying nature in a way that paid homage to its natural beauty while also putting it to shame. Her tangy taste lingered on his taste buds and he was hungry for more.

"Lucien," Xerxes acknowledged impatiently. He looked back out into the ballroom but colorful couples blocked his view.

"You could have told me you were here. When I saw you looking at that Cross girl, I thought for sure I was imagining things. So what brings you to my neck of the woods? After all, I'm not exactly known to for keeping good company."

"The shit you're mired in can hardly be called any kind of company. And I already suspect you know why I'm here. How did you know it was me?" Xerxes asked, truly curious. He'd thought his projected image was foolproof.

"Your arrogance," Lucien smirked. Xerxes raised an eyebrow and Lucien sobered up. "You're brother warned me you were coming but I didn't know it was you until I saw you looking at Tibby like that. I didn't even know it was possible to project another's image onto oneself." Lucien was fishing for details and Xerxes knew it.

"It's not, not officially. It's still a work in progress. What do you want?" Xerxes asked a bit abruptly. Lucien might have watched him looking at Tibby, but he had also seen how Lucien watched Tibby as well. It had enraged him at the time. It was hard to remember that Tibby was just a means to an end when he could still feel the vise of her thighs closing around his head and her musky woman's perfume invading his senses. How sweetly passionate she'd been...

"I have a gift for you."

Xerxes looked at Lucien sharply. Lucien was a ruthless businessman, not unlike himself. He'd never give a gift away for free.

"What do you want?"

"I want the new net you've been working on. The word is going around in the underworld that you invented moving walls."

"And where'd you hear this?" Xerxes tried to keep his anger out of his voice but failed. Lucien grinned, knowing he'd gotten to him. The new net was relatively new and in its initial trial stage. No one was supposed to know about but is a low lying snake like Lucien knew about it, Xerxes needed to tighten up his security. There was already a leak since Daniel knew about the moving walls he needed to reevaluate his team and the security as well.

"Don't worry, Novos. I just have very good ears in all the right places, paid a pretty penny for it, too. Anyway, do you want your gift?"

"Show me first," Xerxes gritted out.

Lucien nodded and gestured towards the exit. Xerxes followed Lucien to his private rooms, which were in a completely separate wing from the Midnight Garden guests. Xerxes waited for Lucien to open the door and he walked inside. The room was lavishly decorated in muted tones of cobalt and brown but his attention was on the beautiful woman with dark blue hair and green eyes that were a mirror of his.

"Gianna?"

Gianna jerked her head towards the voice that sounded so familiar to her and glanced up at the strange man. He looked familiar, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it.

"Eli?"

"No, Xerxes."

Crying out, Gianna flew at her brother and hugged him to her. "I knew it. I knew you'd come and save me. Oh god, Xerxes, the things that bastard did to me...Tell me he'll pay. Tell me you're going to fucking murder him and shove his dick up his ass," Gianna cried into his neck, feeling safe for once in the past few months. Xerxes made soothing sounds and comforted her. While growing up, Xerxes had never been one to hug or kiss but his sister needed him right now in that capacity. While they hadn't been particularly close, he still loved her and they'd recently begun to spend more time together after Eli had come home. They'd almost been like a family and Xerxes had finally felt a sense of belonging up until Gianna had disappeared.

"I only have her for the night before I have to turn her over back to Daniel." Lucien's voice cut through the reunion. "I can buy her again for the next few nights but you know what it'll cost."

Xerxes looked back at Lucien and nodded. He held out his hand and Lucien took it. Between Psychs, irrefutable contracts could be drawn up. If unfulfilled, whatever repayment each Psych devised for the other would be extracted. Unsurprisingly, Lucien choose death if Xerxes didn't live up to his promise. Likewise, Xerxes put in the death clause for Lucien.

He gripped Lucien's hand in a crushing grip when he would have pulled away. "Don't touch my sister."
