 Every character in this story is assumed to be of legal age.

***

Gilford Goldhammer arrived in Ironforge in mid afternoon. The squat young dwarf had never before visited the capitol and paused at every turn to take in the sights. Eventually he found his way to the Bank, the Miner's guild and the Auction House. Finally free of the duties his father had placed upon him, Gilford found a tavern and ordered a mug of Shimmer Stout. Settling himself in a corner booth, he was relaxing when the barmaid came over.

"You'll be wantin' some boar ribs I'll wager, and a loaf too no doubt. Three silver will do an' another mug with it."

"Aye." he answered and fumbled with his coins. A 50 gold piece coin fell onto the table. The barmaid's eye glinted and she slapped her hand down on it quickly. 

"And will ya be wantin' the Ironforge Visitor's Special then?"

Confused, Gilford nodded and mumbled.

The Barmaid hurried off with the big gold coin. Before the lad could try to guess what the special was, another dwarf approached him. She was smiling broadly and quite attractive. Her hair was red and her face was freckled. Green eyes seemed to sparkle in the lamplight. She wore a dark green skirt that was slit up the sides to her belt and bare legs teased with every step she took. She wore a green brocade bodice with no blouse under it. Her tits were huge and the bodice strained to contain them. When she reached him she placed her hands on the table and leaned forward. Her tits rose and fell as she breathed and Gilford expected them to fall out any second. Indeed as he stared, he could actually see glimpses of her areola above the fabric.

"Oy lad, muh friend tells me ya paid fer th' special, izzat so?"

"Oh aye, I did that."

"Good. I'm right tired o' miners and blacksmiths, ya have the look o' a merchant. I'd like that. Soft hands I'll reckon." 

She sat in his lap and checked his hands.

"Aye, nice and soft. A girl likes ta' be touched by soft hands in the right places. Folks call me Bekka, an' I'll just call you 'Andsome." She noticed that Gilford was staring at her tits. "Nice ones wot? Biggest in all Dun Morogh! I wanted ta be a warrior like me Da, but they keep gettin' in th' way. If yer wantin' ta touch 'em we'll go on downstairs." 

Without waiting for an answer, Bekka led him by the hand through a door hidden by a wall hanging and down a flight of stairs. They passed several rooms before Bekka opened a door and ushered him in. The room had a fireplace and table of course, but was dominated by a huge steaming stone bath set into one wall and the biggest bed Gilford had ever seen! It had to be big enough for a whole clan! Well six or seven anyway...

Bekka sat in his lap at the table and undid the laces of her bodice. Her huge tits spilled forth and Gilford stared in amazement. They were true wonders. Huge indeed, but not just fat and flabby. Bekka's tits had a firm feel and were nicely shaped. Full and round, bottom heavy of course, but her nipples were big red buttons in the middle of large pink areola and pointed level and slightly outward. Gilford's hands were quickly full and he marveled at how soft and warm her flesh felt. He bent his head and began kissing them. 

Bekka giggled with delight as she removed her bodice completely and tossed it aside. It never failed, older dwarves might go straight for her pussy, but the younger ones ALWAYS went balmy over her tits. She began toying with Gilford's braids.

Bekka started undressing Gilford, tossing his gear into one pile and his clothing into another. The lad finally realized she wasn't just getting him comfy, she didn't intend to stop until he was naked... Now Gilford wasn't exactly a virgin. He'd had his "hammer blessed" by a older but still attractive priestess once and was fully aware he was in the company of a professional consort. He was just uncomfortable with getting naked with someone outside the clan. 

The Dwarves of his clan were merchants, bankers and "acquisition specialists," they knew how to find what you needed and get it to you, anywhere in the world... for the right price. And making deals frequently involved lots of ale, lots of food, and sexual foreplay with scantily clad members of the opposite sex. Sex itself might be required to close a difficult deal or just to celebrate closing a deal. But this involved the females of the clan more than Gilford and his brothers. At any contract negotiation the presence of naked or nearly so members of your family was likely and therefore they had no shame or hesitation about nakedness itself. Now viewing a clan member in the sex act itself or an clan member's erect male organ was not acceptable.

So Gilford was quite willing to enjoy the buxom lass but nervous about getting naked with her in a strange room. Still, she was skilled and between her hypnotizing green eyes and her calm easy banter, Bekka had him naked soon enough. 

She saw a handsome dwarf before her. His male member was only semi erect but promised to be very nice and stout when ready. He bore no disfigurement nor even scars and was nicely fit. She smiled in anticipation. This was going to be fun. Too many of her "engagements" were rough and crude quickies. They paid well and tipped well, but she always had to fake an orgasm. She seldom enjoyed the fucking. She always had to claim theirs was the biggest and they fucked her better than anyone else, but the times she actually climaxed were rare, and usually when she was alone or with one of her coworkers. Bekka hoped this lad would be a different story.

She took a cloth from the bath and, kneeling, washed his cock. Tossing the cloth aside she started kissing and licking his organ. It began to swell and thicken, really thicken! Bekka was amazed. He was average length, maybe a couple of fingers longer, but damn the lad was big!

He filled her mouth and she knew she could never swallow his meat.

Gilford was surprised that she washed him and even more surprised when she started sucking his cock. He'd never gotten head before and it was an incredible feeling. His cock was throbbing and Bekka was highly skilled, but he wasn't sure about the plan. Was he supposed to cum in her mouth or not? Was it normal to do so? He decided to err on the side of politeness.

"Lass, Ah'm a gonna blow if'n ye don' stop!"

Bekka was only slightly surprised that he was cumming so soon. She had accurately pegged him a novice and paused to answer him.

"Aye an Ah'm waitin' fer it boyo! Gimme yer cum now!"

And she returned to bobbing her head on his shaft and sucking for all she was worth.

And Gilford blew. His cum exploded from his cock in great spurts and Bekka swallowed as fast as she could. But she had trouble keeping up and gagged and choked a bit, losing some of his cum in the process. When he finished, Bekka sat back and smiled at him, then used her fingers to wipe the cum off of her cheek and chin, then licked them clean.

"By the gods yer a tasty one, an' wot a load! Gimme a couple more o' those an' I'll fast fer the rest o' the week!"

Gilford saw the broad smile on her face and felt a sense of pride. 

Bekka stood and took a quaff from his mug. Looked at it and drained it. She slammed the empty mug on the table. She unbuckled her belt and the skirt bell to the floor. She kicked off her shoes and grinned at Gilford.

"Right! Let's get to it then."

Grabbing her tits she jumped onto the bed and flopped on her back. Her legs were spread and Gilford's sagging cock was twitching again. 

Gilford had seen pussies mostly at a distance as women walked or lounged about, and the Priestess had kept her skirt on. Thus, this was his first view of a woman on full, unabashed, proud display. Bekka had a mound of red curls above her thick and luscious lips. They seemed to beckon him in and before he knew it, the lad was face first in her wonderous folds. Bekka guided him and very soon her lips were spread and his tongue was lapping at her moist pussy. Gilford knew what was expected of him, indeed had seen couples so engaged, but had never done the deed himself. But he liked it and was determined to do his best. 

Bekka suppressed a giggle. She gripped his head between her thighs and pinched her nipples. Damn, the fellow was hungry! Gilford ate her like a starving beggar at a feast! What he lacked in skill he made up for in determination and stamina. Most customers ate her for five or six minutes, ten at the most before mounting her. But this lad was still at it twenty minutes later and showing no signs of letting up! And truth be told, she didn't mind one bit. Her loins were tingling in response and a warmth started in her womanhood and spread throughout her body. She sank into it like sinking into your own familiar bed.

"Oh mah goodness..." she moaned. Bekka faked loud orgasms for her clients, but her own were more often gentle, all consuming waves of intense pleasure. This one however, lasted longer, and she went deeper. Her scalp began to tingle, her toes curled and she heard someone moaning over and over...

"Oh mah goodness...Oh mah goodness...Oh mah goodness..."

Eventually she surfaced and blinked her eyes. Tears? Had she been crying? She wiped her eyes. The lad was easing off his efforts as though reluctant to leave the table when so much food was left on the platter.

"So now Ah know why me Da's beard was so fragrant every mornin', and Ma a smilin' so."

"Liked it didja?"

"Indeed lass. Why if'n ye could make that flavor eighty proof an' bottle it, ye'd be rich." 

Bekka laughed at the lad. To a dwarf, 80 proof was the minimum to be labeled a "hard" drink, anything less was a "soft" drink. 

"Only eighty proof?"

"Aye, ye don' wanna get drunk too quick, savor it." He chuckled, "Muh beard is drenched, ah'll be smellin' ya fer days, an' right happy to at that."

Bekka smiled and held out her arms, "Come ta me lad, muh loins ache fer ya, so they do."

Gilford pressed his big knob against her wet opening and pushed. Bekka gasped as he spread her pussy wide, then sighed as he slid in.

"Oh sweet blessed Mother! It feels so good! Aye, that's wot ah need. Nice and big."

Gilford revelled in the sensation of her hot, wet depths. He held it there for a moment before he started to move. He was soon sliding in and out of her much faster and Bekka was smiling at him and cooing encouragement. He filled his hands with her tits and she squeezed him with her powerful thighs. They had been fucking for a while when Bekka suddenly rolled and Gilford found himself on the bottom. Bekka ground her pelvis into him and her massive tits hung in his face. Gilford caught them and sucked on her red nipples. Soon she rocked forward onto her knees.

"Go on lad, pound muh pussy! Pound it real hard! Fuck me hard an' gimme yer cum! Fill me w' yer cum!

Gilford drove his cock in and out like a steam powered hammer and Bekka grit her teeth and groaned.

"Oh yah, oh yah, oh yah, gimme yer cum! Fill me hungry pussy w' it!"

"Gahhh! There ye be!" Gilford grunted and started cumming. His body jerked as each powerful spurt left his body to be blasted deep into Bekka's belly.

"Oy!" She cried out. "Fuck, tha' feels good!"

As his body relaxed, Bekka slumped forward. She stared into his eyes, smiling, then she kissed him. Long and deep. 

"Damn but yer a fine fuck." she said finally.

Gilford grinned. "Thank ye, but Ah'm jus' inspired as it were. Yer like a fine piece o' the best steel. Yer worthy of only th' master smith's best effort, nuthin' less. Dinnae ye kin?"

Bekka felt tears trying to start and kissed him quickly lest he see them. It would do no good for him to think she was partial to him beyond the fucking. She rolled off of him and stepped over to the stone bath. She bent to test the water, making sure he had a fine view of her ample ass. She could feel his cum leaking out and starting to run down her leg. She climbed in and turned to face him as she sat down. Her breasts floated and she grinned.

"Ah'll ne'er drown, and that's a fact. Now are ye comin' or no?"

Gilford settled into the hot water and decided that the bath was a great idea. Heated by exhaust from the great forge the water was soothing and the company was, well, exquisite. After a bit, Bekka took a cloth and a bar of soap and scrubbed him down. Gilford sighed, this was heaven. He hadn't been attended to like this since coming of age, in fact the last time woman had scrubbed him down was when his older sister had bathed him as a wee little lad.

Bekka took her time and even shampooed his hair and beard. Then as he sat drying in front of the fire she braided his hair and beard again. She tugged on a bell rope three times and then led him back to the bed. She knelt on her hands and knees and, looking over her shoulder, grinned at him.

Gilford knelt behind her and toyed with her pussy until she was moist. He eased his cock in and slowly stroked until they were well lubed then picked up the pace. He gripped her nice wide hips and listened to her soft moans and sweet words. They had been fucking like this for awhile when the door opened and a female dwarf came in bearing an enormous platter of food. She was followed by a second with a cask of ale. Bekka seemed not to mind so Gilford tried to ignore them as well. The two were cute however and quite scantily clad. One was dark haired whilst the other was so blonde it was almost white.They grinned at the fucking couple as they laid the table, then much to Gilford's surprise they climbed up onto the bed!

"Hi!" the first one said just before she leaned in and kissed him. She was cute as a button. Her dark brown hair hung in two long braids and her blue eyes were big and bright. She wore a tiny dress so sheer Gilford could see her dark nipples and areola, and the hem was barely past her crotch. She kissed him again and he felt her tongue tease his lips. She giggled and patted Bekka's hip. 

"After ye finished with Bekka, it's mah turn! Oh! Mah name's Corry by the way!"

The blonde lass was on his left. She had her hair in one long, thick braid which hung to her waist, and also sported a sheer tiny shift. She bent over and kissed Bekka, then caressed her huge breast before looking at Gilford with her dark eyes.

"I'm Faith and I don't want to wait for you to finish... Give me your hand."

She knelt next to Bekka's hip and guided Gilford's left hand under her shift and soon his middle finger was knuckle deep in her wet pussy. She rocked her hips and swayed, and Gilford realized she was dancing. She bit her lip and sighed. She slipped the top of her shift off of her shoulders and down to her waist. Gilford stared at her smaller but perfectly shaped breasts. They were firm and erect with no sag or droop. Her nipples were big buttons in wide, dark red rings. The allure of the new and different surprised him and he knew he wanted to feel his mouth on them. She sensed his desire and leaned in, offering a tit to his hungry mouth.

Corry was caressing Bekka's wide ass and paused to wink at Gilford.

"Watch this." she whispered.

A moment later she had shrugged off her shift and her naked body was happily displayed to him. Like Faith, she had nice breasts that seemed best described as perky. Firm tits with stubby erect nipples carried high and proud. Her mound was capped by more dark hair and she flopped on the bed next to Bekka, spreading her legs. Her pussy was almost delicate looking until she spread her labia with her fingertips. Corry stuck her fingers inside herself and was soon masterbating wildly.

"Oh fuck, Ah'm a gonna cum!" Gilford groaned.

"Mine! Faith shouted and slapped Bekka on the ass.

Bekka lurched forward, Gilford's cock popping from her pussy suddenly. Faith grabbed it and attempted to shove as much of it as she could into her mouth. She furiously stroked his shaft with both hands and Gilford exploded. Somehow the blonde dwarf swallowed it without gagging or spilling a drop. When he was done, she knelt over Corry and the two kissed passionately. 

Gilford soon had his face between Corry's legs, tasting her sweet nectar. The two gals continued kissing wetly though soon Corry was moaning. Faith stripped off her shift, then sat on Corry's face. 

"Well? What are you waiting for? Fuck her!" Faith said eagerly. "I wanna see if she can take your tool!"

Gilford rose but hesitated. "Oh I dunno, lass. Ah'm liable ta harm ye. Are ye sure?"

Corry paused slurping for a moment. "Are ye daft? Ah may look young, but Ah'm o' legal age an' have fucked b'fore!"

"Give it to her!" Faith said. 

Gilford figured that they had to know what they were doing and pressed his cock against Corry's opening as Faith held the labia apart. Gripping his cock, Gilford pushed forward. There was resistance at first then he was past it and inside of her tight little pussy. Corry screamed once then shouted.

"OH YES! OH HOLY FUCKING HELL! YES!"

Faith stared in wonder as the dwarf's massive member slowly disappeared into Corry's pussy.

"By the Maker! She's doing it!" 

The lass produced a hell of a lot of fluid and Gilford found her could stroke in and out easily. Her pussy, though tight seemed quite willing to stretch to accommodate him. With each outward pull, his cock drew her juices as well and soon a sizable puddle was forming on the bed. Faith began masturbaring her partner, rubbing her mound, labia and clit in a routine they must have been quite well practiced with, for soon enough, Corry was cumming. She squirmed and squeezed her tits as she cried out.

"Fuck yes! Fuck yes!, Fuck yes!"

Gilford grinned in satisfaction as he eased out of the lass's pussy. Faith kissed her partner's pussy once, then started on Gilford's glistening organ. She kissed his knob before licking him clean. Then she too sucked his cock while stroking his shaft with both hands. Corry stood in front of him and they kissed. He could taste quim in her mouth and her tongue thrust in and fenced with his. Finally strong hands forced them apart, Bekka admonished the two.

"Fuckin' 'ell, Will ye no let the fellow breathe? Ah'm sure he's famished! The food's hot, let 'im eat somthin' asides pussy!"

Bekka wrapped a towel about his waist and led him to the table. Gilford drank a mug of ale and then let Bekka feed him Beer Basted Boar Ribs. The other two took jars of oil and sat on the floor rubbing his feet.

"So this is the Ironforge Visitor's Special eh? An' is there more ta come or just us? An when does th' contract end?"

Bekka smiled at him. "Well now 'Andsome, 'tis jus' us, lessen ya wants more (fer a small transaction fee o' course), and we're here widcha till dawn. So don't be getting in a hurry. We got all night.

Gilford smiled. The great clock had only just struck nine...

"Well as a matter o' fact I would like ta' try a couple o' things I've heard about..."