 This is my first story. It’s just a rather lengthy intro into other stories. I hope you all like it

*****

Me and my girlfriend Jessica  met about two years ago at a dance club that I regularly go to. Here’s how it goes: I arrived early at the club at about 10:30 and met Eric, one of the bouncers at the door.  He said it was going to be a busy night because DJ Yaz Marru was playing tonight.  We talked a little bit as the first few people came to the door.  I told him I would come out and have a smoke with him when the other three bouncers arrived and I went inside.  I went to the bar to get a drink, looking for new employees that usually show up during the off days of the week and noticed a redhead that was new to the place talking to a guy on the other side of the large circular bar near the entrance.  I pulled up a stool and sat at the bar just when Christy, a good friend of mine who goes way back, asked me if I would have my usual.  

“Yeah as long as you will tell me who the new help is” I said with a big grin on my face

“Her name is Jessica and she just started two days ago and she’s kinda weird, I think she might be gay” Christy said with a mischievous grin.  Like I said, me and Christy go way back.  We dated for a while and the sex was incredible, but we left it at just that.  Not that she is bad looking, 5' 7" brownish blonde hair to about her shoulders, about a B cup(nice and perky), well toned body, and she shaved everything on her body (except the hair on her head of course).  Sometimes when one of us is feeling the need I give her a call or she gives me call for a good one nighter, kinda like fuck buddies.  Anyway enough about Christy, my task at hand was finding out about this new girl.  

When Jessica finished with her drinks on the other side bar she came over next to Christy staring me down the whole time.  I was in shock! She was beautiful. About 5' 11", neck length fire red hair, and piercing green eyes. She was wearing a chrome colored blouse that over-accentuated her facial features(and also covered what looked like a rather large pair of breasts) and a pair of dark jeans that clung to her luscious ass and lengthy legs that had me staring as well.  When I looked up she was looking me right in the face and our eyes locked.

“So who is your friend here Christy?” Jessica said without taking her eyes from mine.

“Oh, this is Luke, a good friend of mine.  We’ve know each other for a long time.” Christy said while shooting a glace at Jessica.

“So you know Christy pretty well then huh?”

When Jessica said this I couldn’t speak.  I felt as if she was saying something else that wasn’t coming through too well.  Almost like she was talking to me without speaking.  I just nodded my head, but I found it kinda strange that Jessica’s smile kinda dropped a little. 

“Well maybe I will see you again sometime soon.  I have to get back to work” 

With that she turned around and headed back to her side of the bar.  She turned her head and gave me a quick look and a smile on her way to her spot .  I still stood there speechless. Christy took her hand and waved it in front of my face and it broke my trance.
“Yoo hoo, Mr. Lover boy. Hey yeah im talking to you.”  Christy said with a grin on her face. “I told you she was weird. Buts she is pretty cute too.  When she looked at you didn’t it almost seem like she was trying to talk to you without speaking?” Christy whispered

“Yeah, im going to have to investigate later” I said

“Ha ha ha, investigate. I always love it when you put it so serious.  Wait a minute...... you are serious!” Christy said looking at me amazed.  “Are you going to put all of your time into her tonight or are you going to save some for me?”

“ Im going to get another drink and go dance for a while is what im going to do”

“ok, but if you are that interested in her already, I can talk to her and find out what she is all about” Christy said with another mischievous grin

“Please do! I wanna see if she would be interested in going out for a bite to eat after she gets off”

“k, will do” Christy said whirling around to grab a new glass to make another drink. “Here you go”

“Thanks” I said giving her a wink and a smile.  After leaving the circle bar, I went over to play a game or two of pool( these ones are glow in the black light kind).  I got my fill of pool and looked back at the bar.  Jessica didn’t have any customers and was over talking to Christy.  I finished my drink and went back to the bar to get another.

“Back already” Christy said 

“I need another, pretty please” I said batting my eyes.  She smiled and whirled around once a again to make another.  Jessica was there staring me up and down. I felt like she was trying to talk to me again without speaking. “So Christy says you guys have a lot of FUN together?” Jessica said with a seductive smile on her face”

“She told you that!?”

“Yeah she told me that you guys like having sex just for fun. No commitments.”

“Yes we do, but she usually doesn’t tell anyone so my odds will be better for the night.”

“Oh believe me, your odds haven’t gone down with me” Jessica said with a wink.

My eyes widened and I saw the little smirk on her face.  I never guessed a good looking bartender like this would be so forward. “So would you like to get a bite to eat after work” I
 said with a very confident smile.  

“If that’s what you want to call it, im up for it” she said as she walked away.
I couldn’t believe my luck.  This beautiful bartender going for me with me not even having to working for it.  Not to say that im a bad looking guy, 6' medium build, brown curly hair to shoulders brown eyes(usually in a ponytail), Its mostly not to hard to find a date.  Needless to say I was fired up.  Then I noticed Christy looking at me and talking.

“Hey” she said staring at me. “I’ve never seen you like this, what’s wrong?

I was mesmerized I didn’t know what to say. “C’mon tell me” she said with amazement in her eyes

“Wow” was all I said while I stood there

“Wow as in good or wow as in I’ve never been put down like that before?” Christy said quizitively.  My smile disappeared and I looked her strait in the face.  “I knew it, she IS gay”

“No no no, I think I was picked up rather than her being picked up”

“Oh” she laughed “so you are going to get some tonight?”

“Maybe, she wants to go out after work” as I sipped on my drink

“To her place?”

“Maybe”I said while shrugging my shoulders.

“Uh huh,  I’ve heard that one before” she said jokingly

“Oh yeah, why did you tell her that we are fuck buddies?”

“I didn’t, I never tell anyone that” she said losing her smile.

“That’s ok, but she knows somehow” I took another sip.

“Well she must have figured it out somehow then”

“Its no big deal, Im gonna go the red zone(the techno and rap rooms) for about an hour or so while the crowds not so bad” I said as I walked away from the bar

“Ok, I’ll see you in a bit”

I walked into the next room. The crowd was bigger than I thought.  DJ Yaz Marru was really cranking out some killer beats and small but formidable crowd was bouncing undulating with the rhythmic sounds of the custom TS404 machine Yaz was tending to.  I joined the crowd and danced for about an hour and realized that I need a smoke(not that there wasn’t enough in the room).  I went back to the circle bar and told Christy I was going to go talk to Eric outside. After came back in, I went to the rap room and danced in there for a hour or so. By then the crowd was in full force.  I went back to the techno room for about an hour and a half and decided that I needed another drink.  Heading back to the bar that Christy was at I met Jessica along the way. 

Shouting over the crowd and the loud music I said ”I thought you were working?”

“Im done for the night, I only work for a couple of hours a night the first few days” Jess said yelling back.  “You wanna get outta here”

“Yeah lets go” I swung back by the circle bar at the front and gave Christy a wave by since she was busy.  She gave me the call me sign and mouthed the words.

Outside the club, we headed to my car and got inside.

“So, are you hungry”

“In more than one way” Jess said grinning at me

We stopped by the Waffle House seeing that it was 3:00 in the morning and got refueled.  We didn’t say much while eating.  Upon leaving she said ” lets go to my place, Its only a little ways away from the club”. I said ok and followed her directions. Her place was a small single apartment not attached to the bar out front(or anything else for that matter).  It had its own little parking spot and everything.  

“Hey this is pretty cool” I said looking over the structure quickly

“Yeah its not a bad little place, and close to work too”

“so why don’t you work at the bar out front”  

“Well I like the place I work at right now. It’s different than any other bar or club I’ve been too” Jessica said while putting the keys into the door of the little place.

“Yeah I guess that makes sense, I do go there too” I said with a laugh.

“Well here it is” she said while opening the door

It was really nice inside, but not very big.  Someone had taken good care of the place.  New carpet and  wallpaper, the bathroom was redone as well as the kitchen.  The living room was really nice as well, a smaller couch, a CD rack with what looked like a small expensive stereo, and very well decorated with plants.

“You can hang out in the living room for a while, Im going to go take a shower”

“Ok” I sat in the couch and turned on the TV but nothing really interesting was on.  I noticed that there was a tape in the VCR, turned it on and pressed play when I heard the water in the shower running.  On the screen popped up a bedroom with a woman laying on the bed in a red lacy teddy.  It was a porn.  A man and a woman walked into the room. It was one of those cheesy threesomes. I fast forwarded it to the next scene.  The same girl in the red teddy tied to the bed and another girl having her way with her.  Getting a little more riled up, I forwarded it to the next scene the same girl again getting it on with a guy and in the middle of the scene another girl came in to help.  I stopped the tape and put another in.  More of the same thing, just with different actors. Wow, Jessica was into the threesome thing, the one on one thing, the lesbian thing and the tying up thing. I heard the water stop and quickly turned off the VCR and started flipping through the channels.  She came out in a long T-shirt and obviously no wearing a bra.  Her tits were a lot bigger than I thought, a D-cup or so.  

“You know you didn’t have to stop watching the porn.” she said in a playful voice.

“I - I wasn’t watching porn” I said kinda shakily

“Oh don’t worry I don’t mind if you did and you don’t have to lie about it.  Why do you think that I have them” Jess said while getting a glass of water from the kitchen.

“So how did you know I was watching you pornos?”

“I can feel that you were watching them” sitting on the couch next to me with obviously nothing under the T-shirt at all.

“What do you mean ‘feel’ that I was watching them” looking at jess jokingly

“What I mean is, when someone gets very aroused, I can feel what they are feeling or even sometime receive their thoughts .” she said very seriously

“Wait a minute so you know what I was thinking?” I said with doubt in my eyes.

“Well, not with you, but most people I can.  You and your friend Christy are a little different.  I can feel what you are feeling but I cant think what you are thinking like I can with all the rest of the people”

Oh man was this chick nuts, she has done one too many drugs or something.  I decided to humor her for a little while.

“So that’s why I could feel you trying to talk to me at the club”

“You could feel that?  No one was ever been able to do that before.” Jess said with surprise.  “Usually I give them a suggestion and if it sits right with them they do it.

“Just a second here, you mean you were trying to give me a suggestion to do something?” I asked with a smile.

“Yeah like this”as she said that I felt like she was trying to talk to me again. I could almost hear her talking without the noise of the club.

 “Whoa hold up” I said backing a way form her. “You mean this is real. I thought you were just joking or you were off your rocker or something”

“You mean you actually almost heard that!” She said with excitement  “I’ve never met anyone that can resist what I suggest to them or even hear it let alone”

I was going out of my head.  I didn’t know what to think.  This chick had some mysterious mind powers or something. I felt like jumping off of the couch and running out the door, but then another part of me was curious enough to want to stay.  “So you cant control me but you can feel what I am feeling.”

“Yeah I guess that’s how it is this time” she said lowering her head “I can feel that you are scared of me now”

“Just give me a minute I need to sort things out.” Man this was weird.  Why was this happening to me. I just wanted a hot night of passion in a strangers bed like I am used to. I stood for a little bit bitting on my thumb pacing back and fourth.  Calming down a little, I sat on the couch next to her.  Maybe I should explore this a little farther, I thought mo myself. After all I was getting kind of bored with the way things were going.  I looked over into her beautiful face and she was on the verge of tears

“Oh don’t worry its alright” I said in the best soothing voice I could muster at the time.  “Im just a little curious and freaked out because you hit me with this all at once.” she looked up at me with glossy tear filled eyes. “So why didn’t you tell me about this in a way that easier for me to grasp than all at one?” 

“I didn’t know how to tell you and you are not like anyone else I know” she said regaining her confidence

“Well I guess you did get the point across with a certain urgency” I said almost laughing

“I’ve never been able to tell anyone about this, so please just leave this between me and you, ok?”  She said with a bit of a smile emerging

“You’ve got my word on that.  I bet a lot of scientist would like to get their hands on you.” I said jokingly.

“That’s why I’ve kept this a secret for so long. I’ve been trying to find someone to talk to, someone to confide in because I feel like I am alone in this world.” she said hanging her head low again.
“You can trust in me.  I’m not one for telling secrets” I said with a knowing smile. She looked up at me with adoring eyes and gave me a big hug.  I felt like I was talking to my sister about a guy.  

“Hey now don’t get all mushy on me” I said jokingly.  She pulled away and looked at me with piercing eyes. There was a silence that filled the room and she continued staring into my eyes getting ever closer.  I moved an and kissed her on her full soft lips.  She was pushing back into me with a pent up passion that was really starting to get me worked up.  We were sucking and kissing like it was the end of the world. Her tongue found its way into my mouth and I sucked on it flicking my tongue across the tip of it.  She started running her hands across my back and I started to get that oh-so familiar bulge in my pants.  We broke our kiss and the lust in her eyes told me she was ready.

“O god, I am getting so hot” she said slightly out of breath. ”It is doubled because I can feel what you are feeling” This could be good I thought to myself.  She was really going to get off on this.
She pointed down at the zipper on my pants and said “can I?”

“Absolutely” I responded back. I watched as she carefully moved her slender fingers down to my well-pupped tent.  She grabbed the copper colored zipper and slowly pulled it downward. She unbuttoned my fly, pulled down my boxers and my cock sprang free.  “Wow” she said looking back up at me.  “Not too bad” she said while she scooted closer.  “What does the rest of you look like?” 

“Why don’t I show you” I said standing up.  My cock was getting harder by the second.  Standing in front her, I pulled off my shirt and slid my pants down my legs. I pulled off my socks and danced around a little in just my boxers.  I slid my thumbs just under the waist line and inched them down my legs. I could tell that she was getting hot too. She couldn’t sit still.  “Ok, your turn” I said sitting next to her.  She danced around in her long T-shirt and worked her hands through her red hair.  Her long shapely legs attracted my eyes as she reached down and grabbed the bottom of the shirt.  She lifted it slowly and I caught a glimpse of her beautiful, completely shaved pussy. Lifting above her well shaped hips and stomach she got to her soon to be revealed breast bobbing underneath her shirt. She turned around and wiggled her tight well-rounded ass as the removed the rest of her shirt.  She folded her arms around her tits and turned back around.
She ran her arms down toward her stomach and let loose her beautiful mounds. I was right the were about a D cup, but I had no idea that they were so beautiful.  Her areolas where about the size of silver dollars and the nipples were about the size of a thimble.  She threw her shirt to the floor.  My mouth must have hung down to my knees.  She was the epitome of beauty

“So are you ready” she said with a seductive smile.  I nodded in anticipation and she came close and kneeled in front of me, looked into my eyes and barely licked the head of my smoldering 8 inch cock.  She shuddered a little and placed her lips around the head of it.  She used her tongue to make little swirls around the tip and poked at the little slit at the end.  She was good at it, I know that much!  She started moaning and it sent vibrations through my penis and into my overfull balls.  She then grabbed the base of my cock and started very slowly stroking it up and down while continuing to lick just the tip. I was in heaven.  She started to hum louder against my cock and going down farther on it.  She bobbed up and down on about the first five inches and continued to get louder. With one hand he was grabbing her tits and slightly rocking her hips forward and back. I was getting close and she looked like she was too.  Finally my balls started to tighten and she started to scream on my cock.  She pulled off and started stroking it and moved her luscious mounds closer “ I’m cumming” she screamed as I grunted and shot my load on her tits. I watched in amazement as she had an orgasm without even touching herself.  I could almost feel her excitement turning me on further somehow.  She laid down on the carpet with her juices coating her legs still convulsing.  I waited a minute and climbed down to the floor and laid down facing her propping my head up on one arm.  She had a big smile on her face and looked over at me.  I looked at the cum covered tits and said ”Looks like its time for another shower.” she smile at me and I rolled over and kissed her.

“That was one of the most intense feelings I have ever had in a long time” she said falling back to the floor

“What was it like?”

“It was like I had your cock and I was the one being sucked” she said with a little laugh. “It’s kind of hard to describe”

“What happens if I eat you out then?

“Why don’t you try it” she said with a grin. With that I went between her legs and looked at her soaked pussy and legs.  “Looks like you really let go down here” I said looking back up at her. 
She had a great smell to her.  I bent my head down and licked her cum off of one her legs.  She was sweet too.  Moving up close to her cunt I kissed the insides of her thighs on either side.  She moved her hands to her tits and started working on them as I got ever closer to her swollen pussy.  Her clit was sticking out about a quarter inch from her swollen lips(I always love it when they stick out).  I licked her from her man hole all the way up to her clit.  When I touched her clit she moaned.  I licked her in the same manner a couple more times.  Every time she got louder.  I made my tongue do lazy circles around her little swollen nub not really touching it. She started moving her hips and bringing them up to make me get closer on her pussy. I took that as incentive to suck the her nub between my lip and give it a good suck.  She started moaning like crazy.  I let go with my lips and flicked my tongue across it.  I then took on hand and parted her lips while my tongue did its trick.  I slowly slid a finger in her tight sopping hole and worked it around while I tortured her clit with my tongue.  “Yessss Yeessssss. GIVE ME ANOTHER” she yelled.  I stuck another finger in slippery tunnel started working them faster in and out.  She was squeezing her nipples and bucking her hips as her pussy grabbed and released my fingers. “FUCCCKKK YYYEEESSSS,     HHHAARRDER LUKE” I rammed her as hard as I could without breaking my other fingers and sucked her little nub back between my lips. “OH FUCK, OH FUCK OH FUCK” she said as she went over the top.  Her pussy was squeezing my fingers like a vise and her juice right on past them every time she released her grip and squeezed again.  Her convulsing hips slowly went back to the ground and I withdrew my cum covered fingers.  She laid there panting for a few minutes and again I laid next to her.
