 This is the second installment to my little adventure with Jess, only things get a little more weird, if that could possibly happen.

I rose to my feet and helped Jess up as she continued to stare at me. She continued holding my hand and led me to the bathroom. It was a cute little bathroom with a small sink and mirror, the usual toilet and a rather large shower (big enough for two people) that took up more than half of the bathroom space. She turned on the water and climbed into the shower.

"Don't be shy now" Jess said with a grin across her face.

I stepped into the shower with her and let the hot water hit me on the back. She handed me a sponge and turned around. I proceeded to wash her back with a little bit of soap slowly working my way down to her luscious ass. I used one hand to caress her posterior as I worked my other hand back up to her shoulders. She turned around to face me 

"The front please" she said with an cute little accent

"Yes ma'am" I said as I poured a little soap between her large breasts. I worked the soap around and squeezed her tits causing her to let out a soft sigh. She reached down and started working her hands on my abdomen. I slid my hands down a bit and worked at her stomach while she reached further and toyed with my cock, bringing it back to life. She elicited moan and I worked my hands across her shaven pussy. Before she could get to far, I turned around and said "the back please". She frowned playfully and took the sponge and worked my back. Soon after she washed my back, she turned off the shower and reached for the towels. We dried and my cock started getting harder.

"That just what I was thinking" Jess said while moving across the hall towards her room. 

"That really is a gift you know" I said jokingly as I followed her. Her room was small, only big enough for a king bed and thats about it. There was a night stand on one side and room to walk on the other. She pulled back the sheets and sat seductively on the bed, patting at a spot next to her.

"Be gentle now" She said with a mischievous grin.

"I'll try" I said mimicking her look.

She laid back on the bed and said "I really need you inside me"

"Can do" I said as I positioned myself above her. I gave a long passionate kiss as my rock hard member laid between her legs. I broke the kiss and lifted myself to get a good shot at her shaved snatch. She grabbed my dick and pointed it right at her opening. She spread her lips with her finger and I inched my rod slowly into her tight love hole. I got about two inches in and something strange happened. I felt a burning sensation in the middle of my brain and I stopped pushing forward. 

"Whats the matter? I feel like I have your cock again, its incredible." Jess said with a lustful smile. I put the burning sensation aside so that I could bring her pleasure again. I pushed my rod in about another two inches into her and the burning sensation in my mind increased to pain. I stopped again, this time wincing in pain

"What is going on? You look like you are in pain." Jess said with a puzzled look on her face and slightly out of breath.

" When I first put it in, I had a burning sensation in the middle of my head. Now it hurts almost like a headache." I said closing my eyes. At about this time the pain started to recede but I could still feel something in my mind. Feeling odd, but better, I proceeded to insert my cock into her velvet vise another two inches. Again I felt pain, but stronger. I ground my eyes shut under the pain and again it started to disappear. This time I felt as though there was someone else inside of my head and my cock felt strange. A little tingling sensation formed behind my cock. I opened my eyes and looked at Jess, still looking at me puzzled.. 

"Something is wrong but I cant feel it" Jess said almost questioningly.

"I'll tell you in a minute" I said frantically. I gathered my thoughts and pondered whether to go all the way in and experience even more pain, that was starting to feel good, or stop for a while and rest. I made up my mind and hesitantly continued inserting my cock into her pussy until my balls touched her. I waited a second and then came the pain again. Then in the middle of the intense headache I realized that I was receiving her feelings. It became so clear. I pulled out a little and I could her pussy as my own somehow. I pushed back in and at that instant I realized what she was talking about. Double the pleasure. I now had the gift that she had with me. 

"It feels like I have your pussy too." I said almost like a scientist making a great discovery. "Its so fucking intense"

"No way, you can feel what I am feeling?" Jess said surprised. I continued to pump in and out of her until the feeling was almost too great for me to handle and I stopped. Struggling to catch my breath I looked at Jess and she was about ready to pass out from yelling. 

"Why did you stop? I was almost there." Jess said almost incomprehensibly 

"I was too. This is too intense" I said struggling to hold myself up.

"Pleeeaaaassseeee keep going Luke. I need release". With that I continued, but at a slower pace. I felt as though I would explode, and I did. I shot load after load into her love machine but it didn't stop. After the last spasm of my load I felt another force coming upon me, like I was about ready to cum again, but this time the feeling started from deep inside me. The feeling stretched to somewhere just behind my cock and just above it. Like where a pussy should be if I had one. Surge after surge of pure extacy came over me as I felt her climax rip through me. It lasted for what seemed like ages as spasm after spasm pulsed through my whole body. Spent, I collapsed onto Jess and fell unconscious with my cock still in her. I awoke about 20 seconds later to find Jess looking at me with wide eyes.

I rolled off of her and laid on the pillow beside her.

"Did that just happen?" Jess said while staring at the ceiling.

"I have never experienced anything like that in my entire life." I said still dazed.

"I was like having two orgasms simultaneously"

" I know" I said with a growing smile. "I know what you are feeling now"

"Really" Jess said sitting up and staring at me

"Yeah, I can still feel what you are feeling. Its like you gave me part of your gift" I said still staring at the ceiling.

"Wow" Jess said laying back down

"I think we should try it again"

"Right now?" Jess said raising her voice

"Yeah, right now" I said 

"But you are worn out and so am I" 

"Well I guess you are right. Let's take a breather and just cuddle for a while." 

"Sounds like a plan" Jess said scooting closer to me

Jess put her arm around me and we laid there for a good half an hour. She slid her hand down and lightly touched my cock. To my amazement it stirred again under her administrations. I started to get hard and Jess looked at me full in the eyes.

"So are you ready now" I said with a wry smile

"Please" Jess said with pleading eyes

This time Jess got on top and started stroking my cock. The strange thing was, I couldn't feel it.

"Oh it feels great Luke, Its just like im stroking myself"

I let her stroke my shaft and she continued get louder. I pulled her rear end to my face and spread her legs so that we were in a 69 position. I stuck out my tongue and started to like her snatch. I felt it on myself as if she was licking my cunt (if I had one). It felt great. It was more of a deeper sensation, more below the surface than a blowjob. Now I know why she likes her oral sex. I continued to lick when Jess stopped all of the sudden and spun around. She sat up on her knees with her pussy right above my cock. From the look on her face, it looked like she was totally lost in it. She grabbed my cock and slid it into her love canal in one swift motion. I was astonished as I felt as though (her) cock had entered me. It was so exquisite. She began to bounce up and down and I though to myself once again that I would faint from the extreme pleasure of experiencing the feeling of her pussy. Jess was yelling "Luke, ooohhhh YEEESSS LUKE, I'M FUCKING YOU. I FUCKING LOVE IT" she was really getting off and so was I. I felt a massive surge of pleasure start at a point just above my cock and moved slowly outward in all directions. My body started to quiver and I began bucking my hips. Jess just kept on, saying words that were uncomprehendable and riding me faster and harder. I started cumming but not in the usual way. I felt my juices trying to flow around her cock in me. Her cock pulsed and throbbed and she slowed to a stop and pumped me full of hot semen. She fell on top of me and again I blacked out only to awake 30 seconds later. Jess was still out and I reached around her to hold her close. Jess awoke and smiled at me with a contented smile. She started to roll over and then the shit really hit the fan. We were stuck together. And I rolled over on top of her unable to pull out. 

"What the hell is going on Jess" I said looking a bit scared.

"I don't know, but my insides feel kinda weird" Jess said with a look of horror in her eyes

Just then I felt as though I was staring to get a bad case of gas. I lifted myself a bit from Jess and looked down at our ‘situation'. I noticed that the top of her pussy hole was smooth ans her clit was missing. 

"No way" I said looking back at Jess

I looked back down and noticed me cock looked to be as much a part of her as it was of me. I felt a sort of tickling sensation just above my cock and realized that delicate folds had started to appear. I looked closer and realized that it looked a lot like Jess's upper folds of her pussy. 

"THIS CANT BE HAPPENING" We both said at the same time looking back at each other. We both looked back down at the horrifying progression between our loins and I noticed that my balls had already become her balls. Jess started crying

"I don't want a pussy" I said on the verge of tears myself.

"I didn't really mean for this to happen" Jess said while sobbing.

I felt another strange sensation as laid there on top of Jess. I looked at her tear-filled eyes and started to get up. As I got up, I felt something pulling out of me. We both looked down again as my utter most fears came true. I rose to my knees and stared at Jess below me and her brand new cock. She pointed at my crotch and covered her mouth with her other hand. I was afraid to look down again. I reached down shakily and slowly only to find that it was true. No penis. I moved my hand closer to my body and pressed it into my crotch. It was true. I now had her pussy. Jess quickly scooted back to the headboard and I scooted to the other side of the bed. We stared into each others eyes in disbelief. Her cock waved around obscenely as I looked at its hardness that used to be mine.

We sat there silently for about five minutes looking at each other and each others genitalia in horror. Finally I spoke.

"What are we going to do now" I said with a shaky voice

"I don't know, I thought it was just a fantasy" Jess said calmly

"What do you mean just a fantasy" I said looking at her questioningly

"Well, after our first fuck when we laid there cuddling, I thought of what it would be like to really have my own cock. I've dreamed about it for ages" Jess said with excitement in her eyes

"So you did this? You made this happen?" I said with a very stern look

"Well I guess I kinda did. I didn't mean for it to ‘actually' happen" Jess said making the little quotation notion with her fingers in the air. "Besides if I made this happen, I can make it un-happen." She said with a mischievous grin.

"Ok good then lets make it ‘un-happen'" I said mocking her actions of the quotations.

"I don't know, I've never had a cock be so personal before".

"Im not kidding. I want it back. I don't want to be stuck with this THING forever" I said angrily

"Well, maybe if you are good I will let you have it back" Jess said with an innocent smile

"What do you mean if I am good? I want it back now" I was getting mad at this point.

"Oh just chill. Think about it for a second. You can get it back anytime you want, kinda, and besides how will you ever know what its like to have a pussy for a few days." Jess said back sternly

"A few days, come on, you aren't the only girl I see and I might need that back" I said cooling off a bit

"You mean Christy?"

"Yes Christy" I said coyly 

"Well maybe she will have to find out" Jess said with that mischievous grin again

"You better not tell anyone. Its bad enough you have my dick, but I have your pussy. It would be so embarrassing" I said looking a little afraid.

"Well if you play by the rules then I wont tell anyone"

"You are going to blackmail me with this thing aren't you?

"In a way, yes. If you do what I say, you won't have anything to worry about, Ok"

"That doesn't sound like a very fair deal" I said a little quieter

"Just shut up for a minute. You know this could be kinda of fun if you used your imagination a little. I wont do anything to hurt you or humiliate you. Plus I want you to see what a woman goes through with a having a pussy. And for being good I might give you a little surprise."

"A surprise?" I said moving toward the middle of the bed a little.

"Yep. Maybe even a surprise that you'll like." Jess said moving closer to me. "All you have to do is trust me" 

"Well trusting you isn't a real problem. I know some things about you that nobody else does and to tell you the truth, you are the most interesting person that I know" I said regaining my composure

"It's a deal then" Jess said moving close enough to kiss me

"Why not, it could be fun" I said smiling. Jess moved in closer and pushed me over and kissed me long and hard.