 Chapter 1. Arrivals

I saw her coming down the corridor at the airport, and knew there was something wrong. She was walking like a tentative doe, like she was a bundle of nerves. I could see her eyes looking a bit wild and a small tremor in her slight body. She was walking like she expected to be attacked at any second and flew the last few yards into my arms. 

"Hey, hon, are you OK?" I asked, stroking her short sandy hair.

"Please, just get me out of here. There are so many people, I... I can barely control it." She murmured into my chest. I was not sure what she meant by that, but I could plainly see that she was in distress. She looked great otherwise. I had expected that her time in the desert would have made her tanned and leathery, but she looked wonderful, other than being in distress. Was she taller?

"Sure, how about you just sit over here while I get your luggage?"

"No, please? The luggage is taken care of, it will be delivered to my place. Please, I just need to get out of here." Odd, but the least of my concerns right now. I helped her to my car in the parking garage and we took off.

The further we got from the airport, the more she relaxed. It was so palpable that even the air seemed sweeter. I felt my own spirits lifting like I'd been under a dark cloud for a while. It felt really nice. 

The drive from the airport to her house follows a fairly quiet route so there was little traffic this time of day but I noticed that every time a car came by, the air around me seemed to change subtly. Once, when a car pulled up beside us at a light, I felt myself growing aroused. When I looked in the car, it was a couple teenage guys. Why in the hell was I getting aroused at a couple of guys, and why did it start before I looked over? 

Tracy, my girlfriend, had her eyes tightly shut and seemed to be muttering something to herself. As the car drove off, we both relaxed. 

"Whats going on?" I asked her, getting a bit nervous.

"Please, just get me home, I'll explain everything when we are safely at the house." We completed the drive to her quiet suburb in silence.

Chapter 2. Travels and Travails

Tracy lived in a large old home in a semi-historic neighborhood. It had belonged to her parents who willed it and a decent inheritance to her before they passed away. I loved her neighborhood- spacious, green, quiet. It had a real turn-of-the-century, small-town feeling to it. The neighbors knew each other but respected privacy- they even had old-fashioned socials and block parties. 

None of this was on my mind as I helped her into the living room and got her comfortable on the couch. I got us both something to drink and she began to try to haltingly tell me her tale.

"It will be easier if I just do it this way." She sighed as she reached over to touch my arm.

It was like I was watching through her eyes and sharing her thoughts. I was there as she and some of her old school friends traveled to New Mexico. The mixed group was exploring everything from fossils to wildlife, but the main focus was on the ancient Indian cultures in the area. I felt like I was right there with her on the critical dig. Hot sun on our bodies, sweat on our face, bra and panties digging uncomfortably- thinking about slipping them off and going commando like Lisa did but worried about Bill's roving eyes. Dust and sand everywhere, a long bath sounds so good. Picking away ever so slowly in what appeared to be a storage cache in the floor of an out of the way adobe cliff dwelling- tedious, achy work. 

A figurine starts to appear under our tools. At first we assume it is a fertility fetish because of the large breasts but more digging reveals an anomaly- what looks like a long, thick phallus pressed up against the abdomen. Every touch of the figure makes us want to touch it more. We glance around to see if anyone else has noticed, feeling a need to keep this secret for some reason. A few more minutes and it is hidden in our bag and we are digging somewhere else.

That night, we take it out in the full moon and hold it, just looking at it when some words come to our mind and we begin a chant. We hold the figure high in the air and chant and move and feel it. We feel the moon on our skin and realize we are naked and it feels so good. We feel the moon's power seep into us like a refreshing soda with an acidic bite. It made us think of ginger ale being poured into our brain. We hear the shaman talking to us in his tongue that no one alive speaks anymore, telling us about the power and the gods, and our new role in their plans.

The next day is normal enough, but that we keep hearing voices when no one is talking. As the day goes on, we notice that we are not tired or sweaty with the work, that we seem to have a sense for what we might find where, and, more importantly, that we know what the others are thinking. The soda is bubbling away merrily, trying to dissolve our inhibitions, our humanity. It wants to be loosed on mankind.

The dig's horn-dog, Bill, is fantasizing. His mind, and now ours, are a-swirl with lusty thoughts of hot, sweaty sex with Lisa, whose loose breasts have been bothering him/us for the last couple of days. In Tracy's and my view of Bill's mind, Lisa is somewhat improved from reality and she is bent over looking at something on the work table, her khaki shorts have changed to a short khaki skirt and he flips it up to find that she is panty-less as well as bra-less. She moans as he caresses her.

We are startled by Lisa moaning in real life, and touch her thoughts to see that they mirror his. We see that she had never thought like this in the past and we know that somehow we, or rather the power fizzing in our brain, did this- we connected their fantasies, and it felt so good. The acid in our mind heats up a little and it feels like raw primal energy- powerful, tasty. 

As we watch, we see Lisa's khaki shorts reshape themselves to a skirt under our power. We touch Lisa's body in our mind and see it change- breasts becoming fuller and perkier, waist getting a bit more slender and her rather flat butt growing rounder. Her face looks freshly scrubbed and made-up, lips a bit plumper and eyes a bit brighter. She is squirming with a heat that she had never felt before, wondering if anyone can smell the trickle of hot fluid creeping down her now-creamy thigh. Making the changes seems to release some of the burning pressure in our skull and it feels so good.

Bill has moved closer, and become more buff. His clothes fit more snugly, revealing both muscle and a nice package in his shorts, mirroring the images in Lisa's lust-churned imagination. Lisa reaches over the work table, bending her body almost flat on it as Bill moves closer and flips her skirt up.

Lisa moans softly but does not move. Bill works his hand and fingers over her quivering thick mons and juiced-up lips. Lisa is whimpering with need and pushing her hips back against his hand. Bill lowers his shorts and frees his thickly-engorged cock, barely registering its new heft as he rubs it on her sweet pussy. She gasps and reaches behind her, trying to pull him in. Bill lines himself up and slowly sinks his flesh in hers. We almost expect to hear it sizzle. We feel our body stretch and change, merging with Lisa's and we can feel Bill at our own weeping cunt and it is wonderful. Another part of us merges with Bill to feel the delicious sensations of tight wet flesh sliding on our sensitive cock.

He/we wraps one arm around her/our waist and presses another on our back as they/we settle into a steady, ancient rhythm. One can almost hear the drums and chants and thunder as we screw each other with increasing force and noise. She/he/we begin thrashing, knocking things off the table aswe are pounding into us with wetly loud slaps. We are all making noises- shouts, groans, screams- that everyone else in the area is ignoring. We are rocking right along with them experiencing twice the pleasure as we feel both of them.

We come, loudly and actively, and then fall limp on the table as we resolve ourselves apart from their minds. Bill's fantasy did not extend past this point and we are curious to see how this will resolve itself. Almost anti-climatically, they get up after a few minutes and redress, going back to work with barely a word exchanged. In the real world, the male aspect of us has cum all over himself and does not notice at the time. 

That night, in the tent city near the dig, everyone is with someone else. A dozen different fantasies going full blast. Many of the participants would not recognize themselves in a mirror- breast and penis enlargements were almost guaranteed, but there were other things as well- age changes, hair color, race, height, weight, intelligence... it was all malleable to our powers and subject to our whims. We felt an urge, but not an irresistible one, to fulfill fantasies, adjusting bodies and even changing the core fantasy where needed to make interesting match ups. The acid ebbs and flows, but it really wants to run amuck and that terrifies/fascinates us.

I watched Tracy notice that when she had a choice between fantasies, she fulfilled the most erotic, most exotic version. Sweet daydreams of necking on a field near horses lost out to hard and fast sex with a stranger in an exposed alley. Tender wedding night wishes yielded to sexual slavery in a harem. It was not always male dominate, or even heterosexual. A part of me was relieved that none of the 'winners' was really nasty stuff. For that matter, one of the people who tended towards such dark fantasies ended up being a very docile 'bottom' to a strict but loving domme. There seemed to be some sort of karmic balancing going on and I feel a frisson of hope that Tracy's gentle nature is still present.

We drifted between the tents, feeling ourselves join in mentally on each fantasy while remaining connected to all of them to some degree. Our body shifted even as we walked as our power made fantasy flesh over and over. We felt like a symphony conductor- we could raise our arms and the moans and thrusts sped up. We could lower them and everyone cooled off for a moment. We made a soft rolling motion in the air to build everyone up to a slow boil, then kept doing it as we raised our arms and heard everyone building to a crescendo of lusty joy. 

Our arms vibrated above our head, gathering everyone's orgasm and compounding it, holding it there as it gained strength, then swept our arms down and out to release the explosion. A gentle sweeping motion outwards made the orgasms continue to roll on, easing but still wonderful. A final gesture and everyone sighed in release. We took a bow as the stars applauded our artistry and sought out our own bed, the acid bubbling more quietly now.

I was suddenly back in my body, missing the sensations of power, as I stared at her. "Wow." It was all I could say. She showed me the next day and the flight home. The airport itself was waves and waves of lust breaking against her. She knew she was amplifying much of it back, combining some fantasies to include people close to the dreamer, making some physical tweaks here and there- but overall, it was manageable since there were fairly few people in a big room. I noticed this time as I 'rode along' with her that I could more easily keep my sense of self separate. 

The airplane was another story. So many people, so close together. The pressure of the hot acid was wearing away her defenses, leaking out and staining others. The charming little old lady sitting next to her was dreaming of her youth and husband and she could feel how easily she could make her young again and cast the good-looking steward as her 'husband', while also fulfilling the middle-aged stewards wish for a hot, sexy, wild chick as a devoted girlfriend.

Tracy tried to sleep but was rudely awoken by a couple fucking wildly next to her. "Yes, fuck me Roberto, shove that thick cock in my hot pussy! God yes! Uh uh UHH fuck!"

For his part, Roberto was murmuring sexy things in Italian, which Tracy realized that she now understood perfectly, as did her once-elderly neighbor. Roberto's mind was drifting, even as he shoved his massive prick into his gorgeous partner, to a threesome with a big-chested blonde. Tracy felt her chest growing to accommodate, and felt a sense of power seep over her as she thought about how easy it would be to get both of these people to fuck and worship her.

She struggled past them and staggered to the lavatories only to find that there was a spreading ring of lustiness going on in the plane. She was fearful of approaching the cockpit too closely, so headed for the tail section where she figured she could minimize her impact.

She struggled against powerful thoughts of warm, slick, thrusting bodies in many variations, images floating across her mind. She settled into the rearmost seat and hugged her knees to herself working on controlling the acid. She could still sense them, though, and felt herself trying to change to fit their deepest fantasies. Her breasts struggled to explode, her nipples tended to get large and stiff. Her legs tingled with the efforts to keep them the right length and shape even as her pussy throbbed with a need to get puffier, deeper, tighter, juicier, and just plain filled. 

She clamped down on herself with an iron will and kept herself from changing- which just made it harder to resist changing others around her. The stewardess that served her was looking more and more like a model for a big-boob fetish catalog and was wearing a skin-tight latex version of her uniform. Three men and a woman were all fantasizing about the stewardess, and you could see the desires of each in her subtly changing body. 

Tracy fought to keep any more of the acid from leaking out, but that just meant more staying in to corrupt her. She was wondering why she was bothering to stop it all as they announced the landing procedures, and the dynamics of the landing routines allowed her to clear her mind a bit and put most of the people back to mostly normal.

The Tracy I met at the airport felt like she was filled to the brim with the boiling acid and was terrified of what would happen if she lost control. Each step was a struggle to hold it together. The really cute girl bent over talking to that boy- they were such perfect targets- but if she released even a small bit of the pressure she was afraid it would all erupt out of her in an explosion of hot lust. Hold it in. Hold it in. 'Hold it in' became her mantra. 

She told me that seeing me on the ramp almost made her lose it all over. She was so happy to see me that she almost released her hold, which scared her into clamping down all the more. She could easily see my love for her and my desire to get her home for some cuddling and maybe even some sex, and that was probably the hardest thing of all for her to resist.

Chapter 3. A New Relationship

I was beyond dumbfounded. How can I believe her, and yet how can I doubt? She was in too much obvious pain for this to be some sort of gag, and I had seen and felt the beginnings through her own eyes. I sat there with my mouth hanging open and she looked at me sadly.

"I know, I know. I can read you so clearly. I can see that this is a big shock and you are not sure how to deal with it. I can also see that you are a little excited by it. Tell you what, how about we try it this way..."

Tracy smiled at me and started to grow. She shot up from a petite 5' 3" or so to well over 6'. Her hair turned a brilliant platinum blonde and grew to her waist in a thick lustrous fall. Her face went from an elfin heart to a sensual, high-cheeked oval. Her eyes became large and startlingly, piercingly blue surrounded by thick lashes. Her neck became swan-like as her shoulders broadened. 

Her clothing rewove itself to a sort of silky wrap that left her waist exposed and ended well above her knees, held by a sapphire broach on one flawless shoulder. Her torso and limbs grew long, sculpted, strong, and creamy. Her finger and toe nails long and perfectly shaped, then bloomed with a coral pink that complimented her skin and lips. Her waist and abdomen became thin and teasingly muscled, her buttocks flaring in tight twin hemispheres as the changes continued over her body. 

Her breasts grew. Dear god did they grow! The wraps of her toga-thing covered less and less of the magnificent swellings. They were smooth and soft-looking, yet high and firm. Her cleavage captured my gaze enough that I barely noticed other details as they occurred- hands and feet finishing their quests for perfection, belly button carving itself into a perfect tiny goblet that begged being licked, cheeks self-blushing, teeth shaping themselves around a teasing spear of a tongue, ears, knees, elbows, knuckles, nose tip, perfect pink pussy lips glistening with a sweet smelling dew... just everything. She glowed with an aura of raw sensuality.

She was looking at me and smiling. I was vibratingly hard and completely stunned. "I... I... uh..." I was stammering, and she was laughing at me.

"Relax, Jack, my love." She said, her voice like that of a choir of angels, very hot angels having enthusiastic wet sex. I felt myself relax somewhat. "This is my version of the fetish totem for this time and place. In this form, my name is Liv. I can see that you like it, and you should since I took many of the details from your thoughts.

"There is one little thing. In this form, I have different wants and needs. I also have the power to fulfill my wishes, so..."

I felt myself become engulfed in what felt like a firestorm, then I felt electricity flow into my body, pumping me up like a balloon. It felt great! I felt raw energy flow into each muscle and bone, making them bigger, stronger, more powerful. I saw the floor move away a bit and felt myself taking up more space. 

My legs were like tree trunks, my hands felt like sledgehammers. My arms and chest felt massive. Something was happening to my face, and in my mind's eye it was becoming that of a Norse god. My clothes had shifted as well to a leathery loin cloth that felt well-filled, very well-filled indeed. My very identity shifted and I was now Tor, the Warrior Consort of the Goddess Liv!

Making my War Cry, I wanted to wield a mighty hammer or deadly sword. I was filled with the spirit of the lusty Old Gods on the eve of Armageddon, power flowing almost uncontrollably through me. I wanted to smash something, destroy a village, ravage a...

Then my Goddess cleared her throat and entirely different thoughts flooded me. A different sword of power rose up in all of its glory, thrusting the flimsy loincloth away. I stepped up to my Goddess, now a head shorter than me, and wrapped my powerful arms around her with no fear that I would injure her. I bent my head to kiss her. When our lips met, I swear there was a peal of thunder, but that may have just been my blood roaring in my ears. 

Her hair, her skin- they smelled divine, as if she had just stepped from the clouds of Heaven. Her lips tasted of ambrosia and nectar. Our tongues jousted for position. Liv's was longer and cunning, but mine was driven by the power of the old gods and the strategic genius of Ares. I plucked the broach from her gown and let it pool at our feet, feeling her heat warm me. Her nipples were thick and hard, delightfully pebbled and scratchy on my wide solid chest. 

She began to rub her mons on my shaft. Foolish wench, Queen though she may be to others, trying to take the initiative from me? I grabbed her firm ass and gave it a hefty squeeze, making her gasp. Then I brought a hand up to thumb a nipple and she sighed. Having regained the upper hand, I lifted her effortlessly and she wrapped her long legs around my hips.

I wrapped my hands around a waist that now felt incredibly small in my huge paws and shifted her a bit to keep her now-soaking pussy a bit away from my helmet- although I could certainly feel her heat on it and the slickness of the juices she left on me. One arm wrapped around her waist, another round her shoulders, crushing her tightly to me as I thrust my tongue deep in her mouth and kissed her with a gods understanding of how to do it right. Our souls intermingled in this kiss and I felt her surrender her domination to me, without giving up any of her power or position. 
