 Chapter 4. The Life of a Goddess

Tracy's home had been transformed to a small mansion, with beautiful grounds, a pond, multiple bedrooms and bathrooms, and more. It did not look too different from the outside, but it was a nice example of what she could do.

Within a couple of days, we had a steady stream of applicants for various positions- gardener, housekeepers, and cook. Tracy used a miniscule fraction of her powers to make sure applicants were young women with few ties, although this was just because her human morality would not let her just convert random people into the roles.

I was put in charge of the hiring process, which was rather funny since, again, Tracy could have just zapped the first few people to fit the roles perfectly but we both thought this way would be more fun. I was looking for at least some basic skills, some interesting personality, and some girls with imagination to add some spice to the mix. Tracy had given me a limited ability to read minds, and to do some gentle adjustments to their minds and bodies by tapping into her power telepathically, so the process was a lot of fun.

In the first dozen girls, I found several that would do well. Blake was a good example. She was barely twenty years-old, tall and athletic. She was attractive, but too muscular and masculine to be pretty. She appeared to have short reddish hair, but kept it pulled back tightly under a cap. She was applying for gardener because of her love of plants. She obviously enjoyed the garden areas, and I enjoyed the tendrils of a wild side I saw in her mind. She wanted to be the Queen of the Jungle. Sounded good to me.

I had Tracy almost eliminate her inhibitions, and brought up some of her wildness, as well as tweaking her arousal factors. Her walk and poise shifted to a more relaxed, rolling gait, hips switching more sensually. She was also caressing the plants and trees more. I softened her face and form with just a little padding, and it made a big difference. I had her toss her cap aside as I had her hair grow out in a riotous flame-red tangle. More than just a little padding on the bust and hips gave her a figure that suited a comic book heroine. I brought up more of a tan to protect her skin- perfect. 

Tracy also helped by changing Blake's clothing to the requisite roughly cut leopard skin bikini the fantasy calls for, without Blake noticing, of course. She also added a couple of things in the garden. Now, for a trip through Blake's mind. 

Shanara was surveying her kingdom. It may not have been large, but it was lush, green, and beautiful. She bent to commune with some of the small violets carpeting the ground, and was pleased that they responded to her touch. She trailed a toe in the water and greeted the fish that rose to meet her. With a graceful leap, she climbed to her tree home and thanked the tree again for its shelter. 

The murmuring of the lilies warned her of someone approaching before she heard them. Her nose told her it was a male, her hearing suggested he was large. Shanara slipped out of her tree home and moved along the branches to get a good look at the intruder. Tor! Betrothed of her Mistress, her lord, occasional lover and arch-nemesis. What was HE doing here? It was certainly his right as Lord of the Manor, but these were HER grounds. And he was holding scissors! Was he planning to CUT some of her plants? The thought of him cutting plants to present to Lady Liv made her shiver in a jealous pleasure- but the plants were HER responsibility! Her duty was clear!

Shanara jumped from the branches overhead on top of me. My old body probably would have been hurt, but my reconverted muscular Tor physique took the shock easily. She was almost growling at me, grabbing at the scissors I picked up for the game. I pulled her around so she was facing me. As intended, my sheer presence was arousing her greatly. She was hot and wet, and very aware of how her body was pressed against mine. I had shed my shirt so I was just wearing some khaki shorts and sandals, so there was a lot of skin to press against. She was gently panting as her nipples hardened. 

"No!" She shouted as she struggled to get free and grab the scissors. I let her break loose, except for holding her wrist, and she tried to throw me over her shoulder. I was not really prepared for martial arts and she actually flipped me! I still had her wrist so I pulled her down on me, even as she snagged the scissors triumphantly. Her joy at winning the prize was such that she unthinkingly kissed me hard on the lips. Her eyes grew wide as she realized what she had done, how many liberties she was taking with her Lord. I smiled at her and hugged her to me to show there that there were no hard feelings... well, other than THAT one.

The conflict I had crafted in her with my borrowed powers- lust vs. hate, submission vs. independence, a sensitive lusty body vs. a sharp mind- danced across her features. Even as she struggled to get away, she was trying to rub more and more of herself on me. She managed to rub her top off while making it look like an accident, and rubbed her wet groin hotly on my bulge. 

I laughed at her struggles, which really pissed her off. She reached back to give me a mighty slap and I just reached my head up and latched my lips on an erect nipple. That threw her off stride enough that she ground herself harder on my hard cock. I pulled her to me, sinking my fingers in her muscular back and she grabbed my shorts waist, struggling to get them off. Angrily, she just tore them down a foot or so and freed my manhood. Her leopardskin bikini bottom was more of a skirt so it was easy for her to impale herself on me forcefully, screaming out horrible things to me.

"Fuck me, you fucking monster! Rrrr, damn you! Come on, fuck me harder! Harder!" She was pounding herself on me enough to have really hurt herself had I not enhanced her build and toughened her up. Of course, she was also very juicy, which protected us both and made it hotter to hear her making all of these squishy noises. After a few minutes of rough sex, she was growling deep in her throat and grinding herself on me so hard I could hear tendons popping. I pounded up into her a few more times and lost it. I jerked and moaned as I came deep inside her, and her yells went ultrasonic as she thrashed through her own orgasm.

As we lay on the soft ground, surrounded by the rich fragrance of the flowers we crushed in our ardor, all I could think to say was "You're hired."

It did not take long to fill several other positions and fantasies, and in short order, the house was up and running. Tracy, in the meantime, was practicing using her new powers. Shanara was now an Amazon warrior princess who lived in the garden most of the time and felt a bit uncomfortable in the house. She looked every inch the comic book jungle queen. Watching her hang from a tree by her knees as she pruned the garden was quite entertaining. I half expect her to grow a tail any day now.

Our new cook was also the 'milk maid'. Tracy gave her a pair of tremendous breasts that produced much of the household's cooking milk, which made for a tasty addition to many dishes. Besides her generous bust, Elizabetta, or Betta, was a tall sexy Italian woman with dusky skin, sleek raven hair, and flashing green eyes who generally wore tight dresses with low cut fronts displaying her creamy cleavage. She had been a rather short plain-looking girl named Sue before Tracy fulfilled one of her fantasies about being an man-trapping exotic beauty with a gorgeous accent. 

Betta was a wonder in the kitchen, and loved to have people taste her cooking- especially if it was served off her body. Licking a fancy Italian sauce off of her tasty breasts was a great appetizer- to either dinner or sex.

The housekeepers were currently a trio of identical Japanese beauties with bouncy tits, long blonde hair, and incredibly tight bodies, but that was subject to change as all three of them had a bit of a body-mod fetish that Tracy was enjoying exploiting. Knowing the way Tracey worked, one of them wanted to be Asian, one wanted the boobs, and one wanted to be blonde. None of them were any of these things to start with. Also, at any given moment, one of them had some sort of secret and it was my job to figure out who and what. Yesterday, one was a virgin and this morning's game seems to be to figure out what flavors they taste like when they squirt- the first one I got to squirt tasted like pineapple. Yum!

Chapter 5. Good Neighbors

So- house in order, Tracy's powers maturing, now what? According to Tracy, it is time to be a good neighbor. Thus we found ourselves looking pretty normal at the house to the south of ours. I did not know any of her neighbors well, so I was unsure what I expected when the door was opened by a middle-aged woman who gave off vibes of being a teacher.

"Hi! I'm Tracy and this is Jack. We live next door and just wanted to stop by and say 'hello'."

"Oh, how nice. My name is Gwen, Gwen Livingston. I am pleased to meet you. So, you have the house with the beautiful garden?" Gwen was leading us in for a cup of tea as she kept talking. A little dip into her mind revealed that Gwen was indeed a teacher and 58 years-old. Her platonic roommate, Lucille, a little older than Gwen, was in her study doing typical teacher stuff of her own on this beautiful weekend. There was a whiff of regret in Gwen's mind that they were never more intimate. Gwen was not so much gay as lonely and curious.

We were in the sitting room, sipping on Gwen's tea while listening to her prattle on. I sensed Tracy plumbing her depths, looking for those deeper secrets and fantasies.

"Can we see the gym you are so proud of?" Tracy asked. 'What gym?' I almost blurted.

Gwen led us upstairs to a spacious attic room surrounded by windows. The polished wood floor was covered with mats and hung with rings and accessories. It looked like a pleasant training area for a young athlete. Gwen pointed out the various devices and pieces of furniture talking about her challenges on each with a warm intimacy in her voice. 

"Can we see you on the rings?" Tracy asked. Gwen broke into a huge smile and ran at the rings with an amazing burst of speed for an older woman. As she moved, however, she blurred and changed. The mostly pale blur became darker and smaller, sleeker. Suddenly, there was a commotion on the rings as a young black girl snagged them in mid-air and flung her slender body through the paces. She dropped off lightly and grabbed a towel.

"That was wonderful, Ginny! You are amazing!" Tracy gushed.

Gwen, or I guess it was Ginny now, was now a young college student athlete with narrow but well-formed hips, longer legs, and a very nice chest. Her tight leotard revealed a delightful pair of nipples and a chocolaty cleavage that begged to be tasted. She had huge eyes and a mobile mouth that made naughty promises without saying anything.

Some noise on the stairs announced another arrival. A tall, busty brunette wearing a shorty T and hot pants came into the room. "Oh, I did not know we had guests." She said with a slight and sexy Russian accent.

"I'm sorry, Coach Lucilla, these are the next-door neighbors, Jack and Tracy. They just stopped by to say 'hi'. I was showing them around."

A new Lucilla that was very loosely based on Lucille in the photos downstairs shook our hands. I was fascinated by the sway of her large, unrestrained breasts in the loose short top. "I am please to meet you two. Would you like to see more of Ginny's practice?" When we assured her we would, we were directed to folding chairs on the side of the room. 

Lucilla led Ginny through several floor exercises and using some of the apparatus. With several of the exercises, Lucy would place her hands on Ginny. It started off innocently, but as they both got sweatier, the touches began to linger, they started to hug each other and they were beginning to squirm. After another long series of exercises accompanied by sensual groping, Ginny was panting and Lucilla was radiating heat.

"I know we have only just met, but perhaps you could help us with the next bit. I know it is a bit unorthodox here in the US, but we have been following an experimental program that integrates her sexual energies into her performances. It has really helped her stay on her game as she has been developing so much recently. It is much to ask, but could you help us out with her program?" It would have been difficult to tell Lucilla 'no' under any circumstances, but since it was so clearly part of Tracy's plan, I agreed.

Her newly implanted goal was to tire Ginny out sexually, which would allow her to redirect her energies to her practices and performances. My job (and Lucilla was so happy to get a man involved again since it made the process so much more effective) was to get her to climax from as many different forms of sex as I could, as Lucilla and Tracy provided background and support. 

"But first," Lucilla said, "you must fuck me so I may gauge how to best use you to help her." She pulled off her skimpy top and bottom as she spoke and stood there in her glowing sweaty skin. She was magnificent! 

I gathered her in my arms for a big hug and was surprised at her strength as she crushed me back. Our mouths met and mashed powerfully for a moment before I broke off and headed for her salty cleavage, then tight nipples. Lucilla liked that, and so did Tracy and Ginny, watching from the side as they lightly rubbed each other's groins.

Lucilla thrust a long leg straight up in the air, opening her pink treasures wide to my searching mouth. I quickly brought her to a throaty orgasm, then replaced my tongue with my own pole. She was tall, but in this form I was taller and things lined up nicely. Her juicy quim was positioned just right for me to launch right into and soon I was pounding away at her as she tried to balance herself on only one foot and me. I took mercy on her and leaned her against a wall so she had the leverage to push back and get aggressive.

Ginny was dancing on her back under Tracy's tickling and stroking assault on her entire body. Teasing nipples, stroking overheated labia, caressing her ears and hair... Tracy seemed to have become part snake as she squirmed all over the ripe young woman and Ginny was squirming right back.

Lucilla was about ready to cum, so I gave her my full attention. I slipped a finger in her ass as my thumb massaged her clit as I pounded as hard as I could. Some firm nips to her nipples sent her over, bashing the back of her own head against the wall as she came in waves. When she was just shaking gently, I eased her to the ground and watched as Tracy teased Ginny to another noisy orgasm of her own. Tracy and I smiled at each other for having 'won' so far. Winning is easy when you are part god, and can borrow the powers of your goddess consort.

We traded partners and I was fanning and cooing at Ginny as Tracy sat Lucilla up and was offering her water. When Ginny saw my cock, she woke right up and her nipples popped out almost audibly. "Oh, good, now I get to fuck you! It's been so long since we had a man to join in!" I liked her enthusiasm.

She bent over with her limber torso and took my cock in her warm mouth. She let it rest for a moment, relishing the feeling of it getting longer and creeping across her tongue. She began to suckle on it gently as it thickened and wedged her jaws apart. Once it was fully up, she began to slide her mouth back and forth on it as she played with my heavy balls. That gave her a free hand that she used everywhere- her own tits and pussy, and my butt and chest. She got her finger all nice and wet and slipped it in my mouth to suck on. Delicious!

After I came in her mouth, she happily led me over to a vaulting horse with a nice wide back and had me lay on it so my cock was like a proud horn rising in the middle of it. She locked down the grab bars, one between my wide-spread legs, one barely fitting around my waist. Then she climbed on and went wild. 

She used the grab bars and some nearby hanging rings to support her weight and plunged herself on me, pulling herself up and beginning a twisting motion. She would sit on me hard, then use the grab bars to hoist herself a little and swing her body so my cock rubbed inside her in unusual ways. I had never imagined such penetration or motion! She would bend over and grab low on the horse and grind down until I expected to see me bulge our her back, then she would do a strong-arm push up and swing around on the half of my cock that was still in her. 

She did a reverse and hooked her legs in the rings and went straight down on me, mouth all the way to my balls, using her legs to bounce on me with odd 'orking' sounds. Watching her tits bounce upside down was weird but erotic!

She flipped up and got out of the rings to lie fully on me and impale herself again for some fairly vanilla hard fucking. I popped the bar around my waist off and braced her upside down on the floor, against the horse. I braced myself so I could thrust down into her eager pussy and pounded away until she slipped too low. I followed her to the ground and finished her off with some good old-fashioned missionary position stuff.

I let her rest to recover for a minute and checked on the others. They were hanging upside down in some contraption with a double-headed dildo between them, rocking each other back and forth to fuck each other in the oddest motion. It almost made me seasick to watch, but I also wondered if I could somehow replace the toy.

Ginny was recovering and gently jacking me off. When I looked at her she smiled and reminded me that she still had one hole left, not even counting her boobies and hands, and feet, elbows, knees, hair... I decided to take action before she rewrote the whole damned Kama Sutra. I took her over to a ladder-like structure on a wall and told her to shove her butt out and hold on. I pulled over a small platform to get more leverage and shoved my thick meat into her pussy a couple of times to get it well-lubed, then snuggled it between her silky globes. It felt like heaven as I plunged myself forcibly into her tight little ass. 

I sensed that Tracy was getting restless, so I stepped up my game and pumped into her with everything I had. I felt a tingle sweep over the two of us as Tracy helped out and soon I was bursting forth into Ginny's bowels. Assisted climaxes are great, but not quite as satisfying somehow as a real one, still, it was a good time. Lucilla helped us clean up and thanked us for helping Ginny train so well.

We were back home so fast I wondered if Tracy had blinked us there. I turned to Tracy to ask her what was going on and was stunned to see she was crying.