 Chapter 6. The Meaning of Life

"What's wrong, Trace?" I asked, trying to comfort her.

"Nothing" She sniffled. "Everything." Oh, man, not this sort of thing again. Shouldn't a goddess be above this sort of thing?

"It's OK. Just talk to me. Let me help." I held her gently, just smelling her hair and feeling her against me. We really hadn't just been close like this since this started. 

"It's just... what am I supposed to DO with this power? I can feel it in me, burning to be used, and it wants to be used on its own terms. I can feel that it wants to do things that are kinky, exotic. It really liked changing Gwen back there, changing practically everything about her and Lucy, adding in tons of sex where none had been before. I felt it change the school and the families so they remembered them this way. I felt the old Gwen vanish from all records and memory, and it felt so good to do it, but it was so wrong. I didn't ask her or Lucy, or Sue or any of the others. 

"I'm changing. I can feel it. I am not sure I am human any more. I've changed you too, probably more than you realize. Tell me about your high school graduation party."

I was curious as to her point. "You've heard the story a dozen times before. All of the football team went out to one of the guy's place north of town and built a big bonfire. We hired in a DJ and a barkeeper, and invited all of our friends to the blow-out. Most of the cheerleaders came, and a lot of the girls in school, even a lot of the juniors. I was going out with Darla at the time. God I loved her tits. 

"Well, with the booze, the music, the fire, and just the buzz we all felt, it was not long before most of us were making out on the benches or on mats in the woods. Then the strippers Billy hired showed up, and suddenly there was hooting and hollering. A wet T-shirt contest popped up, and that turned into a blowjob contest. Then someone had the idea that every time a couple came, they should sign each other, and whoever had the most names at the end of the day would win. 

"Being the quarterback and all, I did real well on that, but Darla beat me by a mile since she got a bunch of girls she got off to sign her as well. It was pretty wild, but like I had said before, it was nothing compared to some of the parties we had over that summer. Why did you want to hear this all again?"

Tracy shook her head sadly. "Jack, your folks took you and me out to supper for graduation. You never played football a day in your life, and Darla was just a poster you used to have in your room until you took it down when I saw it. Do you remember?" Faint images, like a nearly forgotten dream, drifted through my mind. Memories of a skinnier guy, a virgin until well after high school, fought with those of always having been a big, charismatic stud, and I knew she was right.

I was angry for a moment- she did not have any right to change me, and I suddenly understood her plight. This is exactly how she felt, but she was being corrupted by the acid. "Can... can you somehow leave both sets of memories for me?" I asked. She said she would try, but the acid liked to sweep the old away completely, unless it left it there for its own amusement.

That skinny guy... was it a movie I saw once? I grasped at the fading memories, but then forgot what I was trying to remember. No matter, I shifted my attention back to Tracy.

"Surely there is a way to use these powers in a positive way." I reassured her.

"I... I don't see a way yet. And don't call me Shirley." She smiled as she sniffed, and the old gag warmed my heart. We'd work on this together. I had faith that her innate goodness would prevail.

That night, I kicked the trio of housekeepers out of the bedroom and told them to go play with Shanara and Betta. They grumbled a bit about not getting to play with a cock that night, but I am sure Tracy gave them some sort of reward. Tracy and I made tender love the old-fashioned way, sweet and slow and all night long (well, OK, for a while after midnight, we were pounding so hard we destroyed her bed and she had to remake it, but most of the night was tender). We fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next morning, Tracy was sitting on the bed, waiting for me to wake up. "I want to try something, and I need your help." I assured her that I would do what I could.

She traced an intricate design over my heart with her fingers. It glowed brightly in reds and golds as she drew it and chanted. "I'm going to let the acid take over for a while. I am going to give my powers full release and see what happens. The spell I put on you will protect your spirit, your core, your... whatever you want to call it... from any permanent changes. If I do change your spirit, it will revert back every few days. If I am doing horrible things, you will have to stop me."

She explained her plan to try living with the acid for a while, but wanted a way to come back if things went as badly as she was afraid they would. She also thought that after a period of adjustment, there was a chance that things might work out OK and she just had to see.

She gave me a small bag. "The jewel in here has been enchanted so if I see it, I will fall into a trance so you can do what you need. Next, I am going to copy my humanity, my morality into it. If you need to restore my soul to me, just show it to me. Once I am done with the transfer, you'll have about an hour before the changes kick in. I am not sure how I will behave after that, so you better hide it somewhere safe. OK?"

She was spooking me, but I agreed. She focused on the jewel for a moment, making it glow as well. When she was done, she went blank so I slipped out and buried the jewel in a dried out paint can in the workshop. 

After the hour was up, she stirred. "Wow! I feel incredible! I should have done this from the start!" With a burst of light, she was back in her Liv body, and I was back as Tor. It felt so good, so alive! I flexed my muscles and fell at her as if we were magnets.

There was no foreplay, no tenderness. I just started slamming my massive rod into her perfect pussy as hard and fast as a godling like myself could- which is pretty damn fast. The heat built up from our friction, making us glow where we were joined. The fluids coming from her may as well have been boiling oil and there was a lot of it. I could feel it burning on my skin and it felt so good. I pounded into her as hard as my superhuman muscles could as we fell through the floor and crashed on the concrete in the basement without interruption. She was screaming her pleasure up and down several harmonic scales until I erupted in her. If she was boiling oil, I was molten steel, glowing with white heat. It would have destroyed a mortal, and escaping drips of it sizzled on the cement. 

She sat up, her huge breasts jiggling incredibly, and stretched. "That felt so good. Thank you my love! Now, what fun can we have today?"

Chapter 7. The Reign of Acid

We were outdoors, drifting on the air, looking for someone to play with. "Um, dear, shouldn't we fix the house?" She flicked a bit of power rearward and rewove that particular reality back to what now passed as normal. 

"Now," She said, "Let's go shopping." We started walking and she somehow transported us so we were walking into the local mall. As we passed the doors, they rippled and became a solid wall. A spreading ripple sealed the rest of the mall as well- sealing doors and windows, cutting off phones and cell signals, turning the mall into an isolated island and her private playground.

We walked into an athletic shoe store staffed by a few lackadaisical teens in uniforms. "People!" She called out. "People, gather up for a staff meeting." The teens looked a bit confused but gathered around who they now recognized as their boss. "As you know, Corporate has made some changes to the company. Selling shoes the old way is so blasé, so we are going with a new direction. We all have new roles and duties, so let's go around and introduce ourselves, shall we? Why don't you start?" She said, pointing at the shortest girl.

"Hi. I'm Katie. I'm a journalism student at the college and working here part time. I, uh, I like dogs and..." Katie shivered when Tracy shook her head at her gently. "I, uh... you want more personal stuff, right? Well, I haven't had a boyfriend in a few years, probably because I'm kind of shy and don't particularly enjoy the touching and stuff. I... I really love to party, and I like to play with my big boobies. I like it when guys play with my big boobies. God, I'm fucking horny. How much longer is the meeting going to be? I wanna fuck!" Katie had changed from a small, underdeveloped little girl to a hottie with bouncy breasts. Her chest and ass had grown as she was talking and her face went from childish to jailbait. 

"Thank you, Katie! That is the sort of thing we are looking for." Tracy said. "You next." She pointed at the cheerleadery blonde who was now staring in amazement at Katie.

"Um, like, I'm Tiffany?" Great, I thought. A Valley Girl. "I'm like on the college's cheer team and dating one of the football players?" Her expression lost focus for a second as Tracy looked at her. "And I like really love sucking his big fat cock. Ummm, Sucking cocks is just so cool!" Tiffany was breaking out in lips and tits. You could not look at her without imaging her juicy mouth on your meat. 

The skinny guy went next. "I, uh, I guess I am next. I'm Don... Donald, the... the shift manager. I, uh, I guess I need to point out that I really don't particularly like sports and all that jock stuff, you know, unless I can like totally dominate on the field." As he spoke, his voice was getting deeper and he was filing out. "I mean, why bother if you can't be the best, if you can't win? I also gotta say that I am about to pop my nuts. Tiffany, get your sweet ass over here." In a matter of seconds, Tiffany was deep-throating what I was sure was a significantly enhanced cock as they both moaned and rocked out.

A big kid with a pretty ugly mug spoke up next. "Yeah, I'm Jack. I um, work the back room and stuff. I um, play some football when my grades are up. However, that has not been a primary concern of late. More recently, my roles on the debate club and as valedictorian have been consuming more energy. Of course I also need to make sure I have time for my girls." Jack had grown taller and more slender, but also developed that 'smart cute guy' look that was so hard to fake. It only took a moment for Katie to be snuggling up against him.

In just a few minute, Liv had changed four normal people into things completely different than they were when they woke up, and all of reality was re-weaving behind them. The jackets hanging off to the side were now a big letter jacket, a nice blazer, a fluffy faux-fur shorty, and a pink fleece jacket. A female customer had wandered in and was getting a lot of attention from Don as he stroked her legs, making her quiver visibly.

Liv seemed to want to stay there and watch the results of her work but I reminded her we had a mission- clothes, etc., remember? For the moment, I had forgotten that she had sealed the place off and I was as trapped here as everyone else. Nonetheless, she went with me to the main atrium to look at the fountain. This may have been a mistake on my part.

We were sitting looking at the fountain. In the past, Tracy and I would just watch it, thinking and murmuring to each other about future plans. Liv recrafted the water flow so it looked like a giant phallus that occasionally erupted in a huge wet orgasm. I have to admire her attention to detail in that she included a pair of gargantuan testes that throbbed realistically as the watery sperm shot in the air.

Hold it- Liv was leaning back with her arms widespread across the back of the bench and a smirk on her lovely face. I was missing something. I used my enhanced senses to look around and saw it- the watery-cum was splashing all over the place, and everyone hit by it was being affected.

A mother and her teen daughter were near the fountain when it happened. The mom was lean, almost leathery. 'Rode hard and put up wet' as they say. Her rough life was visible in every crease and gray hair. The girl looked to be just out of high school and was sort of cute in a rough way. The two looked like they had lived a rough life.

They were talking about the fountain. Mom obviously knew what it was and was rather shocked, but the daughter wanted to stay and watch it. She giggled in delight as the spray caught her even as mom sputtered a bit.

"Whee!" squealed the teen as her mom gently tried to guide her away from the phallic fountain. "Aw, mom! This is fun!" Her voice had changed a bit already, and she was a bit taller. 

"Come on, Lynn, we have to get you some new shoes, remember?" Mom urged as she stared in wonder at her hand which did not look quite... right... to her. She shook her head to shed some of the water and her hair got longer and darker. 

"Ohhh, shoes! Maybe I can get some heels this time?" The girl's dress had changed, but revealed slender curves and a burgeoning chest. Her long legs looked like they would do awesome things to the right heels. 

'Mom' was looking confused. "Heels? We weren't looking for... uh... well, I guess it is about time to..." She trailed off as her age dropped off with the excess water. She looked mid-twenties. I could see it in her eyes as she tried to figure out how she could have a teenaged daughter when she was only 27... 25... no, 22 herself. Their skin was clearing up to a pleasant duskiness as their bodies remolded to a familiar pattern of thin waists and large chests. Hips flared as asses tightened and they both hit twenty at the same time.

"Come on sis. Let's get us a pair of fuck-me heels. This fountain is getting me all worked up!" Her identical twin, identifiable as the daughter only because of where she was standing giggled in agreement as the two went off to look for fun and adventure. 

A couple of older guys on the bench opposite us were also splashed. They barely seem to have noticed other than rather feebly trying to wipe off the excess. They were about sixty as a guess, but within a few seconds, their skin had tightened up and visible muscles appeared on their arms. They had barely moved, but their cocks grew like small arms up and out of each of their crotches. Their body language shifted from 'old, ignore me' to 'young and confident' as slight smiles grew on their face and they went after the neo-twins.

Tracy's eyes went blank for a moment. "Are you OK?" I asked. That snapped her out of it. She looked around and started walking out. A change in the air seemed to indicate that everything was back to normal... or as normal as possible for the changed people. "What about the shopping?" I asked.

"This is not what I need." She shrugged. "It is just too... superficial. It is like throwing necklaces at Mardi Gras. Fun, but not fulfilling somehow. We're going back home. Even as she said it we were walking through the front door where a few piles of new clothes were already finding their ways into the closet.

We went outside and she looked around. A large smile lit up her face and I suddenly knew that the neighborhood we lived in was now a gated community, with a very secure and very private fence around every inch. Which, of course, was only logical since Goddess Gardens had always been an open-lifestyle, clothing-optional community. I loved living here, with the gorgeous weather all year and all the really interesting neighbors... although only Lucilla and Ginny came to mind. A brief confusing thought floated through my mind about how we could traipse about nude in the winter when the rest of the city was locked down in a blizzard last winter did not last long in the balmy sunshine.

"Now, let's go visit Jeff and Kelly."

Chapter 7: Goddess Gardens

Jeff and Kelly lived across the street. Around here, the curved streets and the staggered arrangement of the homes meant the front door of your house did not look directly into the house across the street, which made for a nice open feel, but also meant that you felt a bit more 'removed' from your neighbors than back in my old neighborhood where every door looked directly at the door across the street.

We knocked and Kelly answered. "May I help you?" the thirty-something woman asked as she brushed back a lock of short brown hair. 

Liv smiled at her in a way that made Kelly seem to light up from the reflected glow. "My consort and I just stopped by to say 'hi'". 

"Oh, please come in, then! My husband and I were just watching the game." We entered to see a pretty typical looking middle-aged guy on the couch watching football with a bowl of popcorn in his lap. Kelly gestured us to a loveseat nearby. "Can I get you anything?" Liv asked for tea and a beer for me as Jeff turned the game down a bit to be more neighborly. It was amusing how clearly his irritation at having his game interrupted was battling with having a sex goddess sitting in his living room. He came over and shook hands with Liv, then me, introducing himself. He walked a bit stiffly and it amused me further thinking that he had a raging stiffy that barely showed in his loose pants. When Kelly served us she sat back down and the 'womenfolk' made small talk as we guys watched the game a bit.

Things got even more enjoyable as I noticed that Liv was working her magic subtly over the home. The TV was getting bigger, and Jeff did not even seem to notice when it jumped up a bit and attached itself to the wall. The couch and loveseat were now parts of a large and very comfortable sectional making a large 'conversation pit' filled with pillows and cushions. 

Jeff was no longer a typical middle-aged guy, having slowly grown in stature and presence. He was larger, better built, and better looking- although still a lot like he started off as. He looked like a minor king from a sword and sorcery book. His old jeans were now loose cotton slacks, and his flannel shirt-jac was now a deep blue soft robe showing a muscular chest.

Kelly had become lots sexier herself. She lost nearly half her weight, and gained hips, butt and tits, even as her face became a supermodel's. Her sweats transformed into thin gauzy pants held by a metal-mesh belt and a top that was snug on her torso and billowy on her arms. The thin material showed shadowy panties and bra nearly bursting with luscious flesh. A thin metal collar was around her neck and a matching ring held her thick hair in a ponytail.

Kelly had fetched more food and was sitting comfortably at Jeff's feet when the front door opened and a whirlwind of girls burst in. Two of them headed to the kitchen without a glance at the living room, but the third screeched to a sudden halt when she saw what was going on. "Mom? Dad?" As she saw Liv and me, and the giant TV on the wall, her jaw opened as wide as her braced jaw would allow. 

"Now, Sue, you are being rude. These are our neighbors, Tor and Liv. They just stopped in to say hi and watch the game with your father and me. So did you guys have fun?" Sue managed to shove her eyes back in their sockets and went to the kitchen to drag out the other two. Her fraternal twin sister, Robin, and their friend Diane froze when they saw the living room. Robin seemed fixated on her parents, while Diane was staring at me like I was her favorite ice cream. 

Liv smiled. "I had forgotten about them. Why don't you girls have a seat? You are all in college, aren't you?" Diane plopped to the ground while Robin and Sue took side chairs without looking at them, but they nodded vaguely.

Kelly stood up gracefully and bowed to Jeff. "My Lord, your newest slaves are here. May I present them to you?" Barely taking his attention from the set, King (of his house) Jeff gave Slave Queen Kelly a brief nod. She went to the three and looked at them for a second before nodding and selecting Diane. She reached out a hand to the trembling youth and helped her up, guiding her over to the newly created throne. Diane stood, looking at King Jeff, and shivering. Slave Queen Kelly hissed at her and pulled her down to her knees then pushed her head down.
