 The sun was lowering in the summer afternoon heat when the two riders drew rein on the bluff.

"There it is, son." There was a whimsical smile on Gerlan's face as he and Ardan studied the city below them. "The great metropolis."

"Which is the Temple?"

Gerlan pointed. "See where the river bends? The white building?"

His son nodded. "I see it. Is that it?"

"No. Count two to the left, that's it."

"What's the white building?"

"That's the Institute. That's first stop tomorrow. Tonight we find ourselves somewhere to stay and get a meal. Come on." Gerlan gigged his horse into motion and the two riders, easy in the saddle, made their way down the hill and into the city of Jalx.

Stabling was easily found along with comfortable lodgings in a guesting house a couple of blocks from the Institute. The room was small, but clean and comfortable, the beds bright with rugs.

"The necessary is just along the hall, fast-break in the bar, seventh hour." Their host was burly, built like one of the barrels in his bar below. "If you want an evening meal we're serving now."

"We'll be right down," said Gerlan.

The meal was simple fare, but sustaining and in generous portions for hungry travellers and the two made short work of it. Replete, they sat back.

"I'm for a glass of ale and then my bed, I think " Gerlan said, stretching. "You?"

His son smiled. "A walk, and then bed, I think."

Gerlan nodded. "Take care. Not all here are friendly."

"You taught me well, father. I'll be fine," Ardan said, standing and donning his cloak. "I'll see you in an hour or so."

The sun had set, and the evening was fine, bright with the light of the moons, the one full and the other gibbous. Ardan made his way down to the river bank, the river full now with the tidal flow from the sea some four leagues downstream. Lanterns made pools of light between the deep shadows, shadows deepened even more by the contrast with the light. Ardan sat himself in a corner, perched on a barrel, and watched the nightdivers fishing, wings folded, long necks coiled ready to stab out with their long beaks for their prey.

A noise caught his ear, scratching, muffled. Unmoving, he let his eyes take in his surroundings. Stealthy movement caught his eye, Two figures, no, three, and one seemed held captive by the others, struggling. Ardan eased himself from his seat and moved silently towards the three, listening. Closer, he could see that the one apparently captive was a woman and as he watched one of the others hit her in the face. She fell, dazed, and one of the men ripped at her skirts, baring her to the waist while his companion unfastened his breeches.

Ardan had seen enough and moved silently closer as the man went to his knees, groping in his breeches. He didn't even have time to yell before he hit the water, Ardan's blow lifting him cleanly over the dockside. His companion gasped in astonishment, surprise rapidly giving way to pain as the toe of Ardan's boot caught him just where he had anticipated pleasure. The thug went to his knees, gasping and Ardan picked him up and threw him after his accomplice. He turned to the woman, struggling to cover herself. He flipped her skirts down and offered her a hand to rise.

"I trust I arrived in time, madam." He studied her covertly in the dim quayside lighting. Young, not much more than twenty-two or -three, he guessed. Attractive, although a welt on her face from the blow promised temporary loss of beauty.

She studied him in turn for a moment, eyes wide, and then a faint smile crossed her face. "You did, sir." She extended her hand and he helped her to her feet. She frowned. "It puzzles me, why some men feel the need to take by force what is freely offered elsewhere."

"There are fools and misfits in all societies, madam. Some men seek to dominate. I assume Jalx is no different."

"It seems not." She put her hand to her face and winced, then looked back over her shoulder at the river, from where splashing could be heard. She turned to Ardan again. "Probably better if we move away from here. It would appear the rats can swim." 

Ardan smiled. "It would indeed, madam. May I escort you somewhere?"

"To the Temple."

"You must be my guide. I only arrived in the city about two hours ago."

"From my view, a most fortuitous arrival. This way." She pointed and they moved off together. It was a short journey and she led him to a side door, where she turned to him. "Thank you again, sir. I will be safe now. May I ask your name?"

"Ardan, madam. Ardan Tearo. May I ask yours?"

"Officially I am an unnamed servant of the Temple, but my friends call me Arla."

"No family name?"

"I am a servant of the Goddess, Ardan. She is my family."

"Well, in that case, I bid you goodnight, Arla, servant of the Goddess." Ardan bowed and turned to go.

"A moment, Ardan. Are you in Jalx for Initiation?"

Ardan nodded, grateful of the dark as he flushed. "I am. Tomorrow evening."

"I wish you well. My thanks again." Arla stepped forward and kissed him lightly on the lips, then slipped through the door and into the Temple, closing the door quietly behind her.

Ardan stood for a moment, then grinned. An entertaining evening so far. Now to find the guesting house again!

His father was still in the bar when Ardan returned. He waved his son over. "Some wine, son?"

"Please, father."

Gerlan nodded and poured a goblet of wine for Ardan. "Good walk?"

"Yes, quite pleasant."

"See anything interesting?"

"Nothing special, father, just a city at night," said Ardan, deciding not to mention the incident at the dockside. "It's very quiet on the streets. I think I expected more bustle."

"More bustle means pickpockets and the like. Don't mind if it's quiet."

"No, sir. I think I'll go to bed. It could be a long day tomorrow."

His father raised an eyebrow and Ardan flushed, grateful for the dim lighting. "A day you'll finish in a woman's bed. Are you ready, son?" Gerlan's tone was gentle.

"I think so, father. As much as I'll ever be." He grinned. "I'm looking forward to the bed bit."

Gerlan laughed. "Yes, son, it does round the day off nicely. Come on, let's go upstairs."

