 Well, some of you asked for this, so you only have yourselves to blame! Again, it's an extract from a singularly unfinished work-in-progress. There could be more to come, although there is little sex in what remains. We'll see.



Give me the Man, Part two



Ardan's father was just beginning his breakfast when Ardan reached the guesting house. He smiled at his son.

"Was it well for you, my son?"

"Aye father, it was well." He caught the eye of the heavily-pregnant serving-girl and she nodded, turning to the kitchen to fetch him some breakfast.

"I'll say no more, son. 'Tis a personal thing, not to be shared, I feel."

Ardan nodded, grateful for his father's understanding. "When do you leave for home, father?"

"I leave after the noon meal. I should reach the falls comfortably by dusk." He smiled. "I've reserved the room for you for an eightday. Aye, and paid for it, too. If you want to stay longer, you'll need to dip into the purse."

Ardan nodded. "I'll ride part of the way with you, father. I have little doubt that Shadow needs exercise. What of this morning?"

"Have you forgotten the trip to the armourer?"

"Of course! My sword."

Breakfast over, Ardan and Gerlan strolled along in the bright, spring sunshine to the commercial quarter of Jalx. There was bustle everywhere, the shops and markets busy with customers. The armourer was in a side street near the guard barracks, quiet this Thirdday morning. As they entered, the proprietor straightened from some inlay work he was doing on a belt knife. He nodded to them, courteous.

"Gentlemen. May I be of service?"

"You may, indeed. I require a sword for my son, sir."

The proprietor eyed Ardan. "Military or civilian?"

"Military. The Guides."

"Mainly for horseback use, then. I have some here. Please, feel free to examine them. If you'll permit me, I shall continue my work. Just call if you need assistance.

Gerlan and Ardan began to examine the blades. Despite the proprietor's words, he watched them carefully. Gerlan indicated one, slightly curved, a cutting edge on both edges of the blade for two handspans from the point, a further two handspans of cutting edge on the outer side of the curve, the inner curve thickened to strengthen it.

"That one, perhaps?"

Ardan picked it up, checking the balance. "It balances well, father, but I would prefer more protection for the hand."

"Well, how about this one?" An almost identical blade, but with a hammered steel half-basket hilt, the basket extended back and over the hand, to join with the main body of the weapon above the hilt.

Ardan turned it, noting the riveting joining blade, basket and hilt, strengthening the weapon. He checked the balance, liking the slightly angled grip which made the blade almost an extension of his arm. He smiled.

"Yes, father, this one, if you please."

The proprietor came over to them. He smiled at the weapon, and nodded. "An excellent choice, sir. You know your weapons." He gestured. "A scabbard and harness is included in the price."

"My son awaits his Guide entrance exam results. My buying this sword for him is a father's expression of confidence in a son's ability."

The proprietor laughed. "I think if your son has learned his other lessons as well as he has learned the blade, you need have few worries. My nephew, too, awaits the examination results. You may know him," he said to Ardan.

"His name, sir?"

"Jandol. Jandol Traln."

Ardan smiled. "I know him well, sir. He is a friend." Ardan frowned. "He spoke of an uncle in Jalx. What was the name? Ah, yes. Are you by any chance Peralon Traln, sir?"

"I am! I don't suppose by any chance you are Ardan, are you?"

"Yes, sir, I am. Has Jandol spoken of me?" Ardan was surprised, for Jandol said little that wasn't necessary.

"That he has. Tell me, how long are you in Jalx?"

Ardan glanced at his father. He turned to Traln. "Until Lastday, at least."

"Join my wives and I for dinner on Seventhday, if you would. You, too, sir," he said, addressing Gerlan.

Gerlan shook his head. "I leave this afternoon, for home. My affairs will not keep. My son has earned his stay, and I thank you for your invitation."

"Jandol is staying with us for a few days. He arrives on Seventhday. I think he will be glad of your presence, Ardan. My wives and I have no children near his age." Traln laughed. "And the two we have are girls."

"I accept your invitation willingly, Fro Traln. It will be good to see Jandol again."

"If you would let me have your bill, sir, I will settle with you now," said Gerlan.

