 No sex in this part, I'm afraid. Maybe next time.

Give me the man, Part 5

Ardan and Leara let the horses pick their own way in the dark, keeping the pace to a walk. To think about moving faster was to invite a broken leg or worse.

"How long to get to Jalx?" asked Leara.

"If we can only move at night, it could take three days. If we risk daytime travel, maybe two. I feel we need to take the fewest chances."

"I think you're right." Leara's voice was quiet in the clear night. She glanced up. "Ardan! Look," she hissed.

They drew rein, anxious, watching the invaders' flying machine as it ghosted over their heads, perhaps a hundred feet up. Its route never varied and they breathed a little more easily as it carried on over the ridge behind them. They urged the horses on, moving a little more quickly as the broken ground eased. Near the Ford the trees cut in on them and they slowed to a walk again. A low call stopped them as they neared the Ford.

"Stop there, riders. Give the password or risk death."

"Sana."

"Advance. Slowly." The voice was calm. They eased the horses forward. A shielded lantern was raised briefly, then lowered again. "I thought it was you, young Ardan. The lady I don't know."

"Hello, Bran. All quiet?"

"Aye lad, although that Goddess-damned flying machine gave us a fright."

"Leara, meet Bran Held, a friend of my father. I suspect the other, who probably had an arrow pointed at us, is his wife, Elmana."

Bran chuckled. "Right, lad. Your father sent word you'd be coming, but we had to be sure."

Another figure joined them. Bran's wife, Elmana, in men's clothing, bow in hand. She rested her hand on Ardan's pommel. "Hello, Ardan. Fral."

"Leara, please. A friend of Ardan's is my friend, too," said Leara.

"Leara," said Elmana, nodding. "I scouted a league or two on the back trail towards Jalx," she said. "It was clear. No knowing whether that thing dropped off any invaders, though."

"A chance we'll have to take," said Ardan. "Don't worry, we'll be careful." He glanced across at Leara, pale in the moonslight. "Ready?"

Leara nodded.

"Let's go."

The sky was pinking towards dawn when they spotted a copse of trees. Ardan pointed. "We'll hole up there. If it's the place I think it is, there's a spring where we can water the horses."

It was, and they did. They had just picketed the horses on the sparse grass under the trees when Leara held up her hand. "Listen," she hissed. "Something's coming."

Ardan listened carefully, then dropped to his knees and put his ear to the ground. "A horse. Walking."

He stood again and they waited, Ardan with an arrow nocked to his bow. The faint sound of a walking horse became louder and they saw it approaching, slow, a figure slumped on its back. It came straight towards them. One of their horses whickered and the approaching horse's ears pricked, but the rider made no move. As it entered the copse the horse slowed and stopped. Ardan reached up and touched the figure on its back. It made no move and as he touched it again began to slide slowly from the saddle. Frantically Ardan grabbed the figure and lowered it slowly to the ground.

The man was a stranger, but somehow familiar and Ardan realised with a shock that this was the outlaw who had fled when he rescued Leara and Alna. Leara had been tethering the horse and recognised the man instantly.

"He was one of the bandits who attacked Mama and me, the one who escaped!"

"Just so. I think he may have made his last attack. I can feel no pulse. I need more light to see what killed him."

"The sun is just coming up over the hill. Not long. A few minutes at most," said Leara. "I smell burning," she said, wrinkling her nose in distaste.

"The invaders' tube weapons, perhaps. Although I thought they fired some form of projectile, not a heat source."

"We'll see in a moment. I'll check his saddlebags." Leara went off but was back in moments. "Ardan, look! One of the tube weapons!"

"However did he get that?"

"Maybe he killed one of the invaders and took the weapon, and maybe he was shot as he escaped. His horse has a singe mark on its flank." Leara shrugged. "We'll never know."

"No, I guess not." Ardan straightened. "We'll need to bury him, I think."

"We have no spade."

"I'll use his belt knife. The ground is soft, it shouldn't take too long."

"There's a hollow between the trees. That will reduce the effort."

With two of them working, burying the dead outlaw didn't take too long, but the sun was well up before they took stock. They now had three horses, food and drink, and one of the invaders' weapons. Ardan fingered it gingerly, taking care that the tube pointed nowhere near himself or Leara. At last he put it to one side.

"Time to rest, I think. Try to get some sleep."

Leara sighed. "I suppose so. We'd better take turns to keep watch." She stifled a yawn.

Ardan laughed. "I'll take first watch."

Leara came over to him and put her arms around his waist, looking up into his eyes. "We have to succeed," she said.

Ardan kissed her lightly. "I know, and we need to be fresh to do it, so get some sleep."

Leara nodded. She dropped her arms and moved over to her bedroll. She looked back at him. "I still want you, you know."

Ardan smiled. "No more than I want you. Now sleep!"

They each managed to sleep a little during the day, but Ardan was conscious that it was no more than about four hours each. As the sun dipped towards the horizon he built a smokeless fire and they managed a hot drink and some food. They were ready to move on as soon as it was dark, letting the horses pick their way. The way they had travelled, via Ellor's Ford, took about a half day off their journey but it would be another day of resting up before they would be close enough. Near sunrise they approached a lonely farm, dark. The barn was substantial and they examined the approaches as best they could in the dark.

"It looks like our best option, Lea. It's shelter and cover both."

"What of the farmer. We've seen no light and it's almost time to tend the animals."

"I don't see any animals, though. Do you?"

"No, I don't," said Leara, carefully scanning the terrain as best she could in the dim light.

"We'll go closer. I want to be under cover before light anyway, in case those flying machines are around. Stay close."

Leara took him at his word and they were never more than a horse length apart as they picked their way across the ground and into the farm area. The doors to the barn were open and they moved inside, unsaddling quickly and tethering the horses. Leara was at the door watching the house and she suddenly hissed a warning.

"Someone coming!"

Ardan moved up beside her and saw a figure approaching the barn. A woman by the look of her. Young from the way she moved. As she came nearer they tensed. The woman stopped three paces short of the barn. "I saw you coming in," she said in a low tone. "You have nothing to fear from me. I'm alone here."

Ardan stepped out, hands spread to show he was unarmed. The woman looked past him.

"There were two of you," she said.

Leara stepped out and the woman relaxed a little. She held up the bucket she was carrying. "Grain for the horses. If you're running from those things you'll need the beasts strong." There was loathing and contempt in her voice when she said 'things' and Ardan needed to know what she knew.

"Have they been here?"

The woman nodded. "They took my husband and my brother. They only seemed to want the men, they must have had near two hundred of them. My brother's wife followed them, trying to find out where they were being taken. Someone had to stay here to feed the animals, but yesterday those things took our stock." Silently, the woman began to cry, tears rolling unhindered down her cheeks. Leara stepped forward and put her arms around her, hugging her close. At the touch the woman's tears turned into sobs and she cried as if her heart was breaking.

Leara looked over at Ardan. "I'll take her into the house. You grain the horses and come in when you're finished."

A few minutes later Ardan joined Leara in the house. She was sitting alone at the kitchen table, a mug of steaming tea in her hand. She pushed another across to Ardan and he sat down.

"She's called Lori Pel, she's twenty-two, and she's three months pregnant. She wants her husband back. She also told me something interesting," said Leara.

"Such as?"

"They don't seem to bother women. They leave them alone. Her brother's wife followed the invaders openly and they did nothing to stop her. All they seemed to be interested in was men."

"Why? What do they want with our men? Slaves?"

Leara shrugged. "I have no idea. Lori has given me an idea, though. If we were to travel as women we might be able to travel in daylight. We'd be in Jalx tonight instead of late tomorrow."

"I can shave my beard easily enough, but I can't grow long hair by tonight," said Ardan, fingering his close-cropped head.

"You don't need to," said a new voice. Lori Pel stood in the doorway, eyes red but dried now. "I have some wigs in a trunk in my bedroom, we used them for the Solstice Festival. We can make you look like a woman from a distance, at least." She smiled faintly. "My brother's wife is nigh as big as you. Some of her things will fit you. Three women travelling together might not look too suspicious."

"Three?"

"I'm coming with you. You have three horses." She frowned. "Did one of your party have a mishap?"

"He was an outlaw, Lori. He was one of a gang who took me and my mother. Ardan saved our lives. One of the outlaws got away, but only long enough for one of these invaders to kill him. His horse brought the body into our camp. Somehow he had got one of those alien weapons. We have it now." Leara smiled. "Travel with us and welcome, but at Jalx we leave you."

Lori nodded. "I'll fetch the wig and some clothing. What about you, fral? Have you clothing of your own?"

"I have clothing, but only riding gear, nothing a woman might wear when not riding."

"I'll get you some of mine." She turned and went out, returning in moments with a pile of clothing which she dumped on the table. She handed Ardan a dark wig and he tried it on.

Leara giggled. "Not with that beard. Have you a razor?"

"In my saddlebag. I'll fetch it."

Two hours later, if anyone was watching, they'd have seen three women leave the farm. That one of the women was fighting a fit of giggles and another kept adjusting 'her' hair would not be immediately apparent to a bystander. By noon Ardan was getting used to the wig and could relax a little. Lori and Leara were wearing the usual riding gear of a farmer's wife like Lori. A wide, divided skirt, half-boots and overtunic, a bright kerchief holding their hair back. Ardan had managed the kerchief and overtunic but Hella's divided skirt, while long enough, was too small in the waist for him. Lori had proved enterprising and sewed in a fillet of matching cloth. Beneath the skirt he was still wearing his own breeches and boots, invisible to the casual observer.

It took them most of the day to reach Jalx and the sun was well down as they approached. They had passed occasional patrols of the invaders who had scanned them but left them alone. It was the first time Ardan had seen any of the creatures close up and in daylight, and he liked them even less on close acquaintance. What he had thought of as armour turned out to be just that, but not like any armour Ardan had ever seen before, for it was not made of metal, or at least, not a metal that Ardan had ever seen. It also seemed to be very light in weight. The creatures' helmets had bulges over the ears and watching one cock its head and apparently listen led Ardan to conclude that it must be, or contain, some form of communication device.

Weapons were the tubes, which they had already encountered, and a small hand weapon which seemed to possess the same characteristics as the larger device, albeit on a smaller scale. Ardan noticed also what seemed to be markings of rank on the armour.

The creatures themselves were not quite the stuff of nightmare he had first thought. They were repulsive enough, yes, with dull, grey skin and yellow eyes, no nose, merely two slits which pulsed as the creature breathed, but they walked upright on two legs and were approximately man-shaped, although the tallest he had seen was still half a head shorter than Lori, who herself was a head shorter than Leara. They seemed to communicate with each other in a burst of clicks and whistles, but each group had one member with a device about its neck which seemed to work as a translation device, for after a burst of the invader's speech, the device issued intelligible Ha'aran.

As they approached Jalx Ardan had an idea. "We'll go in by the western gate. There's a guesting house near the gate. We'll stop there. Leara, you go in and ask to see a serving girl called Vella. Bring her out. Lori and I will stay with the horses."

"You know this Vella?" said Leara.

Ardan flushed. "Yes. She's the widow of a friend of mine who used to be a Guide at home."

Leara noticed his flush but said nothing. They stopped outside the guesting house and Leara went inside, returning in moments with a curious Vella, who was wiping her hands on her apron.

"Hello, Vella," Ardan said quietly.

She stared at him, her hands to her mouth. "Ardan, is it you?"

"As ever was, Vella."

She looked around wildly. "Don't come here, they're taking all of the men."

"Where?"

"Downriver. We're hearing wild tales of a mine being dug."

"How far downriver? Can we get there easily?"

"An hour's walk, they say. Why do you risk yourself?"

"To save our people, Vella, as Jonal would do if he was alive," Ardan said quietly. Vella buried her face in her hands at the mention of her dead husband, but composed herself. 

"How can I help? There are only Torbin Hal's wife and me here at the moment. Hal was taken yesterday. All the male guests are either taken or fled."

"Can we stay?"

"Put your horses in the stable, then come into the kitchen. We can talk there."

A few minutes later, the four were sat around the kitchen table. Dela Hal had gone to keep an eye on the bar, 'just in case', promising a warning if any invaders came near.

"Why are you here, Ardan. You risk your life." Vella was agitated.

"We had to come. The invaders are everywhere. Leara's home and mine were both attacked, Lori's husband was taken." Ardan smiled ruefully. "I'm no hero, but Leara and I are the only people with a chance to do anything."

Vella stared at them. Lori was rapt, too, for they had said nothing to her. Ardan took Vella's hand. "Are the Handmaidens still in the temple?"

"Yes, as far as I know. Why?"

"I need to see the Grandmother, but first I have to find out where she is. Lori, stay here with Vella. Leara and I will see if we can find, um, someone I know at the Temple. She can tell me where the Grandmother is."

Leara flashed a glance at him but said nothing. The others nodded. Ardan stood. "We'll be back within three hours. If we're not, we're taken. Don't try to find us, just save yourselves. Understood?"

Lori and Vella nodded unhappily. Leara stood. "Let's go," she said, "and try to take shorter strides. You're a woman, remember?"

They went out. The streets were quiet, too quiet, hardly anyone around. At each major corner, one or two invaders stood, alert, but they took no notice of two women, especially since one was sobbing into her friend's shoulder. No one stopped them and they reached the square where the temple stood. Ardan pointed to an alleyway. "There's a side door. We'll try there, first."

The door was locked. Ardan knocked. Nothing. He knocked again. "Who is it?" a quiet voice asked.

"Someone seeking enlightenment," said Leara. The door opened a crack and a frightened face peered out.

"Is Arla inside?" Ardan asked quietly. The girl's eyes widened at the male voice, but she nodded. "We must see her. Please."

The girl hesitated, then nodded and opened the door, shutting and bolting it hurriedly behind them. "This way."

Four or five women who Ardan assumed to be of the Handmaidens, although none were wearing robes, were sitting in a kitchen, obviously part way through a meal, for dishes were spread about the table. As Leara and Ardan hung back, the girl went to one with her back to them, bending to whisper in her ear. She turned, and Ardan recognised her instantly, for the livid bruise that had so marred her face was not yet completely faded, a dirty yellow remnant still visible. She stood and came across to them.

"This way, please, ladies," she said and led them into an anteroom, carefully closing the door. As soon as it was closed she turned and hugged Ardan. "You're mad," she said.

"Quite probably. Arla, this is my friend Leara. Lea, this is Arla." He flushed slightly. "It was Arla that took my Initiation."

"And none since, once those demons arrived." Arla shook her head. "What do you want of us?"

"Is the Grandmother here?" said Ardan.

Arla stared at him, surprised. "What do you want of her?"

"A moment of her time, no more."

"She is here. I'll go and ask her if she'll see you."

"Tell her Andor sent me for the key," said Ardan. "She'll know what you mean."

Arla made a face. "I wish I did," she said, and went out. She was back in moments, looking surprised. "She'll see you, if you'll follow me. No, just Ardan," she said as Leara made to rise. Ardan paused, but Leara nodded.

"Go, I'll wait here."

Arla led Ardan the few steps to another room, knocked and opened the door. She stepped inside and curtsied. "Ardan Tearo, Grandmother."

The voice was light, but not weak. "Come in, young man. Arla, please wait outside."

"Of course." Arla curtsied again. "I'll be with Leara." She went out.

"Come closer," said the old woman. She was on a couch, propped by pillows. "Let me see you, step forward." A high window illuminated the room and Ardan moved into its light. He paused as the old woman raised a hand.

"Yes, you favour him." She chuckled. "Even more so without that ridiculous wig. No! Keep it on. Your grandfather?"

"Andor? Yes."

"He sent you for a key, did he? And what does this key do?"

"It unlocks a weapon cache made by Terrans just for this kind of emergency, where Terran and Ha'aran together confront a mutual foe."

"Did Andor tell you where the cache is?"

"On top of the Gray Tower."

The old woman nodded. "And how do you propose to get up?"

"Leara, the girl with me, is one of the best climbers of the Hinazi people. She has already saved my life once with her climbing skills."

"In that dresser over there. Bottom drawer. A redwood box. Bring it to me."

When he did so the old woman took from the box a slender rod, finger thick, finger sized, with three buttons, red, green and blue. She held it out to Ardan. "This is your key, Ardan Tearo."

He took it, examined it and looked at her.

"My name, Ardan, is Birga, and it was I who took your grandfather's Initiation those many years ago. I knew he was Terran and when we discussed the weapons, oh, years later, he thought it right that one people should hold the location and the other the key. Press the buttons in the order blue, red, green, and the cache will be opened. Any other way and the key will destroy itself." The old woman chuckled, a whisper of sound in the quiet room. "Remember my name, Ardan, and press the buttons in the order the initial letters occur in that name, and you will be safe. Go now, and may the Goddess guard and guide you."

On impulse, Ardan bowed deeply. "Thank you, Grandmother."

Outside, he paused, thrusting the key deep into the slim pouch hung around his neck, then returned to the room where Arla and Leara waited.
