 An hour later, they reached the top, carefully coiling the rope and stowing the equipment in their backsacks. Not as flat as it had seemed to be from the plain below, the top of the Grey Tower presented a bleak, rocky outlook. Towards the eastern end of the summit plain there was a depression out of which rose a craggy outcrop. Ardan and Leara looked around, but could see no immediate sign of any cache.

"You have the key, don't you?" said Leara.

"Yes, but I thought I'd need it to open something when we'd found it. I see nothing here." Ardan was despondent. Had they climbed up here for nothing?

"We haven't even looked properly yet," said Leara, taking his hand. "Come on, let's have a look at the crag over there. There's something about it that doesn't look quite right."

About to follow Leara's suggestion, a suggestion of movement seen from the corner of his eye made Ardan dive forward and knock Leara flying into the shelter of a pile of rocks, covering her with his body. Apart from a squeal when he knocked her flying she said nothing as he wriggled round to see what had caught his eye. One of the alien flying machines had just lifted over the rim and they watched, hoping, as it settled into the basin.

"It's Jandol," said Leara, "he got it working!"

"Sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you," said Ardan as he helped Leara to her feet.

She squeezed his fingers. "No harm done. What if it had been invaders? We've seen what their weapons can do. I'd rather be thrown into the rocks by you, and get a few bruises, than shot by one of those tube things."

"Grandfather called them 'guns'. He also said the Terran guns were better." Ardan waved to Jandol as his friend picked his way through the rocks. "Well done, Jandol! You scared us there."

Jandol laughed. "I saw you jump," he said. "I'd have been here earlier, but I was trying to figure out how to get the thing to rise. You saw last night I managed to get it to go back and forward. I found out how to turn left and right, too. Down I found by accident." Jandol laughed. "I almost hit the ground very hard indeed, but there must be some sort of device that stops that, because it slowed up and then just settled very lightly. I was very pleased about that," he said.

"How did you get it to lift?" Ardan said.

"There was another lever. A horizontal one, this time. Whoever is controlling the thing sits at a sort of desk, with the direction control in one hand and the height control in the other. It takes some co-ordination, but I think I've got the hang of it now." He grinned. "Speed depends on how far you push the direction lever."

"That is wonderful news," said Ardan. "But for the moment, we're still trying to find the cache. The greatest problem is that we have absolutely no idea what we're looking for."

"Okay," said Jandol, still pleased with himself, "let's split up and look."

They did, and it was Ardan himself who found the cache. There was a slab of rock facing him. Smooth, it covered an area about twelve feet high and fifteen feet across. Fragments of fallen rock, shattered by winter frosts, lay in profusion nearby, but almost none in front of the slab. He moved closer. The rock was smooth, few flaws and he shrugged his shoulders. 'Just coincidence', he thought, and slapped the rock as he turned to move away. The hollow boom that rang from the rock stopped him in his tracks. He made a fist and rapped the rock with his knuckles. Again that hollow sound. Excited now, he tried to find the edge, wondering if he could lever it up, find out what was behind. The others had heard the boom and were making their way through the rocks, excited.

"Have you found it?" Leara said.

"I don't know. It's hollow, listen - ," he said as he tapped the rock and the hollow boom left little doubt, " - but I can't find how to get behind it."

"Have you tried the key?" said Leara.

"No, not yet."

"Why don't you?"

"I - "

"Hmm?"

Ardan raised his hands. "Okay, but I don't know what good it will do." He pulled at the thong around his neck and retrieved the key from his pouch. Jandol and Leara leaned closer to look.

"I looks like no key I ever saw before," said Jandol. "What are those buttons for?"

"They have to be pressed in a particular sequence," said Ardan, "the same order that the initial letters occur in the Grandmother's name."

"The Grandmother? The Temple Grandmother? No one knows her name. Everyone calls her 'Grandmother'," said Jandol, frowning.

"Birga. Her name is Birga. She told me. B, R, G; blue, red, green," said Ardan, pressing the buttons. Startled, they felt more than heard a hum, then a creak and crash as the slab of rock beside them began to lift away from the rocks on either side. The three watchers hurriedly moved back out of its way as it lifted, revealing a simple pair of doors behind. Large, dull, black metal. Closed. A large metal wheel was mounted at one side. Ardan and Jandol looked at each other, then at Leara.

Leara shrugged. "There's a wheel. We turn it." She stepped forward, grabbed the wheel in two hands and tried to turn it. Nothing.

"Try the other way," said Jandol. Leara did, and after a moments hesitation, the wheel began to turn. As it did, the doors began silently to open. As they did, a blast of stale air came out, but fell away to nothing as the gap widened. A few more turns and the gap was wider than a man's shoulders. Ardan raised his hand.

"Stop there, Lea. I'll just peep in. We may need torches, for light, and I don't think there's much up here to burn."

"Blankets," said Leara promptly.

Ardan chuckled. "Blankets," he agreed. "Wait a moment, I'll just look in." He stepped forward into the gap and as he did a light began to gleam deep inside the cave, followed by others, until the inside of the cave was brightly lit.

The others joined him in the entrance and the three of them stood there, awed by the sight revealed. Jandol reached over and patted his shoulder and Leara squeezed his hand.

"Guns," said Ardan, "lots of guns. Lots and lots of guns. We can fight back," he said, barely able to control the excitement in his voice. "At last, we have a chance of hurting these invaders. Unless I'm having hallucinations, I think we have our own flying machine, too," he said, pointing to the rear of the cave, where a half-familiar shape rested on tripod skids. "I wonder how that one works?"

"We'll find out, Ardan, but even if we don't, we have the means to arm our people, and we have the means to get those arms to them."

Ardan nodded. "Look around, see if there are any instruction books of any kind. We might not be able to read them, but if they have pictures we might be able to work out how things work. Apart from instruction books, bring one example of everything you pick to the front and then we'll take it outside into the daylight and examine it where we can see what we're looking at. Okay?"

"Okay," said Jandol.

"Lea?"

"Yes, indeed. One of each?"

"Yes, but try to pick weapons that can be used by one person."

"Let's get started, then," said Leara, reaching to the nearest rack and selecting one of each of two different guns. She carried them out into the sunlight.

