 It was late and cold. There was a light mist falling. I had been at the taverns for most of the night, but was now headed home. For some reason, I thought it a good idea to cut through the graveyard which was next to the Fox river, and covered several square miles. Clouds covered the moon and stars and I wasn't able to see much under the trees. 

I had one too many beers at the tavern, and had plenty on my mind, so I thought a cool walk would give me time to think. I was jumpy though, and finding it hard to focus. The click and clack of the trees in the wind, combined with the shadows were making me anxious. 

I started hearing what I thought was moaning, then I saw a large human sized lump next to a gravestone. The object was dark in color and I would have walked right past, if it hadn't moved.

I jumped back, my pulse racing. I am not ashamed to say, that I thought about running. I can only imagine how my life would have been different if I had. I heard a moan coming from the lump, I thought maybe someone was in trouble. What if that was a person? I couldn't live with myself if I ran. 

"Do you need help?" I called out.

There was no response. 

I crept closer. I could definitely hear moans coming from the lump. My heart was beating a million miles an hour, and I nervously called again, "Are you okay?" 

A soft rain started falling as I knelt. I could see now, that it was human, as I clearly made out pants and boots. The person was wearing a hood and long cloak, but I couldn't tell if it was a male or a female. I reached out a hand and placed it on the person's back. 

"Do you need help?" I asked again, thinking maybe the person was mentally ill. 

The clothing on the person's back was completely soaked, and I could feel shivering and shaking. They straightened their legs, stretched and then rolled over. The moaning had stopped, and I could tell it was female. 

I could tell it was a she, only by the curves that were visible through the soaked clothes. The hood covered most of her face, and all I could see were her eyes. They were green and glowing. 

"I'm sorry." I exclaimed and jerked my hand back.

"I thought you might need help. I'll leave you alone." I stammered. The flight response kicked in and I jumped back to my feet. No creature like that needed help from me. 

Quick as lightning she reached out and grabbed my hand. She was strong enough to yank me back to my knees. I was even more panicked, and strained to pull away. She grabbed me with both of her hands, and refused to let go. She held my hand to her chest. 

Having read one too many vampire movies, I was sure I was about to die. 

"I was only trying to help.." I whispered, unable to look away from those eyes. 

She pulled herself into a sitting position, and took her hood down. She never let go of my hand. It was as if she was hanging on to a lifeline. I was mesmerized by her face and unable to look away. 

She had pointy ears, a cute button nose, and a smattering of freckles across her milky white skin. Her hair was plastered to her skull, and it was impossible to tell what color it was. 

She whispered, "Sit by me a bit, and I will be okay." 

I was dubious. She was beautiful, and I was not. What would a creature like her, want with someone like me? Maybe she was going to rob me? Maybe someone was hiding in the dark? Common sense quickly got the better of me, if this was a trap it was a lousy place for it. 

No the only danger here was from her. I made up my mind, and turned and sat by her. I would help if I could. She didn't appear dangerous. How little I knew at the time. 

She wrapped herself in my arm, and took my hand, placing it so I was touching the bare skin of her ribs. She was cold, and very wet. Her shaking seem to have worsened, and she was very pale. 

She then curled up next to me, and put both her hands inside of my shirt, so she was touching my skin. She laid her head on my shoulder. It was then I stopped worrying, as it was clear she trusted me. 

I kissed her forehead and she opened her eyes long enough to smile. Soon I felt her breathing slow, as if she was falling asleep. I did my best to shelter her and keep her out of the rain. It seemed to help as the shivering and shaking lessened. 

I had grown cold, and my thoughts started to race. Who was she? What was up with her ears and eyes? Where did she come from? When I finished with that train of thought, I jumped right back to worrying about myself. 

What was I going to do for a 'real' job? There wasn't a whole lot of demand for Sociology majors. Where was I going to live when my current lease ran out? I was a right horney bastard, always thinking about women. It would be nice to have a steady girlfriend again. My therapist said I needed to date ten women, before I settled on a permanent girlfriend. I wasn't sure what planet he was from. 

I mentally sorted through my female friends that I knew were single, and all the interactions I had with them in the last week. I analyzed every word, every smile, every tilt of the head for hidden meanings.

Then, I repeated the whole cycle over and over again, until the beers kicked in, and I drifted off to sleep. When I woke, I could see the first light of dawn stretching across the river. The gloaming time. My shirt was soaked with something sticky, that felt like blood. 

The woman, or elf in my arms was still sleeping. She was warmer, and her color had improved. Still, I was worried about the blood. I wished I could examine her, but I thought sleep was the best thing. It may have been my imagination but her eyes seemed to be glowing a little stronger, as I could see a faint glow through her eyelids. It was eerie. 

She shifted in my arms, and I was able to see more details. She was wearing a light brown cotton tunic over green leather pants. The wet shirt was plastered to her body, and it was as if she wasn't wearing anything. I could see a long jagged wound, that cut across one breast. The wound itself had scabbed over, but it was still an angry red, like it had happened recently. I am ashamed to admit that I found her small hard nipples to be a little arousing. I know they were hard from the cold, but it had been a long time, since I held a female in my arms. 

She must have noticed that I was looking at her, as she opened her eyes. She nestled even deeper into my body, holding on with both hands, and kissed my cheek. Her lips were warm, and wet, and although it was a chaste kiss, I still found myself turned on. She was warmer now, and soft, and I could feel her breathing.

Our bodies were wrapped together, as if she could not get enough of me. My left hand was still inside her shirt, next to her breast. The thought of her breasts, and how close I was to being able to touch them, was making my chest tight. I'm not sure why this was turning into a sexual thing, I guess I am a typically guy. 

I leaned over to return the kiss, and she rather quickly turned her head, so I ended up kissing her lips. I jerked back in embarrassment, hoping that she didn't think I was trying to take advantage of her. She refused to let me break her hold though. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean for that to happen." I stammered. 

She smiled, " It would not have happened if I didn't want it to." Her voice was soft, but it had a musical lilt to it, and I could almost see the smile behind the words. I could only imagine what I smelled like to her, but she... She smelled like wildflowers on a dewy sunny morning. Her breath was fresh and clean, reminding me of tart summer berries. She showed little ill effect from her night in the cold, wet graveyard. 

"Feeling better?" I asked.

"Much better now, thanks to your kindness. Your touch brings me a great deal of comfort." She nestled in my shoulder again. "I would have passed over into death last night, had you not arrived." 

"Look." She pulled her shirt off, and pointed to the scar on her chest. "I couldn't stop the bleeding so I fled here, hoping to find a place to die in peace. "

Of course, I was distracted by her breasts, and she smiled when she noticed me looking. She placed her hands together and stretched them up and over her head. My heart beat even faster. When she completed her stretch, she placed her hands on my cheeks.

"Look." She said, and pointed to the scars on her belly and arms. 

She seemed very pleased, and informed me that the scars had faded. She was sitting cross legged opposite me, and we were able to look into each other's eyes. She took my hand and placed it on her stomach. She closed her eyes, as if she was enjoying the feeling, and then moved my hand over the wound and her breasts.

"I wonder if you are a healer." She reached out with one hand and touched the side of my face. She seemed lost in thought for a moment, as I continued to rub my hand up and down her chest, running over her nipples and maintaining contact with her skin. Her eyes were closed and she was smiling. 

I did nothing but stroke her for a bit. She stretched and preened and leaned into my hands, much like a cat. After a bit, she shook herself, as if waking from a pleasant dream, " We must hurry. Dawn is near, and it would be wise to be inside, when it arrives." 

She pushed my hand away, and knelt, so that her hands were on other side of me, and her legs were straddling mine. Her core was resting on my shaft, as she started to kiss my ear, lightly nibbling around the edges. Her breasts rubbed against my chest with every movement. I held myself up with one hand, and cupped a breast, with the other. Her nipples were very hard. 

The sensations were overwhelming. The constant twitching and rubbing of her bottom against my shaft, her breasts lightly rubbing against my chest, the nibbling on my ear, and the combination of her warm breath and cold tongue, all had me rock hard very quickly. 

She moved to my mouth next. She was patient, exploring my lips first with light kisses. Then she started to attack my mouth, ravishing me with her tongue. She shifted and sat in my lap, so her hands could explore my body. She lifted my shirt off, and started massaging my chest. I felt her tweak my nipple, and a frisson of pleasure went down to my core. 

I badly wanted her, it had been a long time for me. She was grinding in my lap, and I started to worry that I was going to come. I was sure now that we would have sex, and coming too soon would be ruinous. 

She shifted back, so she could pull my pants down. I lifted my hips to help her. She wrapped her long slim fingers around my hard cock. I could feel the calluses on her hands as she rubbed and tugged all along my length. She leaned over, and used her tongue to kiss me. Her weight pushed me back to the ground, and for a while we laid like that. Her on top of me, her firm breasts pressed into my chest, and just French kissed. Our cores rubbing against each other.

She pushed herself up, winked at me, and turned to take my cock in her mouth. She was enthusiastic, kissing up and down my length, and sucking the tip. She cupped my balls with one hand, while she sucked. When she started to take all of me in her mouth, I felt the first stirring of an orgasm. Hoping to prolong the moment, I started to think rather frantically about baseball. 

That brought me back to my senses, and I turned so I was able to reach her leather pants. I couldn't get enough leverage to pull them down, so I contented myself with touching every part of her that I could. 

She looked up at me and smiled. She stopped what she was doing and stood up and stripped out of her pants. She was clearly an athlete and it looked like she used her body daily. Her abs were rock hard, and her legs looked to be made of stone. She had a light down fuzz on her core, which was trimmed. Her breasts were the perfect size to fit in my hand, neither large nor small. 

She turned again and knelt on the ground, with her body next to mine, so I was able to reach all of her. I immediately started to play with her core, running my hands all over it. I stroked her bud. I inserted a finger, and found her G-spot. I made endless circles up and down her opening. She was very wet. She had resumed sucking on me. 

I could tell she liked what I was doing, because she smiled at looked back at me. She wriggled her butt, in a rather fetching manner as she did so. I could feel the first stirrings of an orgasm, as my back tightened, and I twisted away from her. 

She turned and immediately mounted me, sinking all the way down. She paused there for a moment, with her eyes closed, and her hands stretched high over head. Then she dropped her hands to my chest and started grinding. She keep me impaled in her the entire time, and just moved her core up down and all around. 

She had rested her feet on my legs and her hands on my chest, so that no part of her was in contact with the ground. She wasn't heavy in the least, and I was enthralled by her face. Her eyes were closed in pleasure, and her tongue was peaking out of the side of her mouth as she worked herself on me. 

Every now and again she would push herself up and attack me with her mouth. She would start moving up and down my shaft, and I could feel her wetness on me. 

I could see that her face was red, and she was starting to breath quickly. I started to move in her, matching her rhythm. She would come up almost off of me, and I would rise up with her, burying myself in her. I then dropped to ground, and she impaled herself all over again on my stiff rod. Her clit rubbing on my stomach, on each up and down stroke. 

It didn't take long and I could feel her inner walls start to quiver. She paused for a moment, and tensed as her orgasm rippled through her. She was holding her breath, when she leaned all the way down, with me still inside her. She paused with her mouth next to mine, and I could hear her moans of pleasure. Then she started to kiss me deeply. She shortly opened her eyes and looked straight into mine. There was no hiding from that gaze. 

"Now, we just need you to come." 

"Hmmmm," I mumbled, able to think again for the first time in a while, "I'm not wearing a condom. Are you sure?"

She bopped me on the nose, with one finger. "Yep! It would be a miracle if I got pregnant, and your man seed will only help me more." 

She was still incredible wet. Her nipples were still stiff, and she was full of life squirming and kissing me, as I started to move in her. I was held her by her hips, so my thrusts didn't knock her off. 

I started to move in her. Slowly at first, and then quicker, as I found myself turned on by her moans. She was resting her head on my chest, licking and kissing whenever I slowed down. Her nipples were rock hard, and made a delicious sensation as I rocked in and out of her. 

Her clit was rubbing up and down on my shaft, her lubrication making it easy for her body to slide up and down mine. I had my knees up, and she was kneeling over me, as I pounded into her. It didn't take long for her to orgasm again. 

I was holding my breath, and a headache was starting, as I roared with my orgasm. She gasped as my cum spurted into her, and just for a moment her whole body seemed to glow. I could feel her contractions milking every last drop of sperm out of me, and the afterglow continued for a while. She sunk back down on me again, so we were in the same full body hug. It took me a good while to recover my breath. She wasn't breathing hard at all. 

We laid there for a bit, joined together nuzzling in each other's arms. In the past, I would have broken the hug, got cleaned up, changed the sheets, made small talk., etc. etc... I was peaceful though, and she seemed perfectly content to just lay in my arms. It was nice to not have to deal with my old friend, anxiety. 

After several minutes of this, I started to get hard again. I had not gone completely soft, and was still inside of her. I couldn't tell if it was her wetness or my sperm, but she was still wet. She propped her elbows on my chest, and smiled, 

"None of that, now. We don't have time. However, you are in big trouble when I get you home!" 

"I don't want this night to end." I said. 

"That's awesome!" She said, a little too perky for me, " It doesn't have to." She poked me in the chest. 

"You dear boy, are a healer. You may not know this, but healers are very rare among humans. Your touch will heal my kind. The deeper the touching, the more intimate the connection, the more healing you can give us. Your sperm contains the most concentrated healing power of all." 

While she said this, she busied herself with small licks and kisses, and nibbles on my nipples. I was getting harder by the second, and she started to move on me in the most delightful fashion. 

She laid her head back down on my chest, and said with a sigh, " I was about to die, when you found me. I couldn't stop the bleeding. You saved me." 

"Delighted I could be of assistance." I murmured in her ear. "It would be a shame if the world lost a creature as lovely as you." 

She laughed out loud at that. She actually laughed at me! She mock punched me in the chest, "Does that line actually work for you? Geez, talk about corny. I need you silly, let's be honest with each other." 

My feelings were hurt a bit, "Okay, so what was the deal you wanted to make? 

Her eyes grew bigger, and I found myself mesmerized. It was easy to lose myself in her, I felt as if I was constantly discovering new parts of her. 

"Come with me, come back to my world. There are others like me that you could heal." She rested her head on my chest again, "We're hard pressed and will not last long. " She sighed. Regardless, I need to leave soon." 

The last was barely audible, and I felt a tear plop on my chest. 

You know at that point, I probably should have asked a whole bunch of questions. 'Would I be able to come back home? Could I die in her world, would I ever run out of healing energy? Who were they fighting? I really should have asked all of that, but I didn't...'

What kind of red blooded male, would pass up the chance to play hero for a bunch of beautiful creatures? Especially when playing hero, involved lots of sex. Sweet!

Not me, I was all for it. "Sure." 

"Sure? You'll come?" She brightened. 

"Yep. Can I leave a note for my roommate?" I asked. 

"No need," she replied, " When we come back we will come back to this very moment. You can spend as much time with us, as you would like." 

With that she pushed herself off of me and dressed. I did the same. She held my hand and started to sing. The first rays of dawn rising in the East. 

Like all parts of her, her voice was wonderful. Her song was slow almost a chanted word, and though I didn't understand a bit of it, I was calmed by the tone. 

After a moment, my world blinked out, and we were transported to some sort of black void. I could hear her voice, and feel her hand in mine, but that was all. I couldn't see or feel anything. The only noise was her singing. I was immediately disoriented and sick to my stomach. So, I was relieved when my ears popped again, and we blinked out of the void. 

We landed in some sort of forest. There were trees as far as I could see. They were tall and majestic and looked ancient. The trees had choked out, the majority of the undergrowth. There were only a few spots where the sunlight poked through the canopy. It was chilly, but the trees still had leaves. 

We landed outside of a bustling camp. I could see what I assumed were other elves, male and female, moving to and fro. There was no bustling or singing, and the mood in camp was somber. Shoulders were down and some of the elves couldn't even muster the energy to lift their heads. It was hard to make out the tents, as they blended into the woods. There were no permanent structures, that I could see. 
