 "I should have guessed the outfits would be small, black and made of Lycra," Melea said as she stepped into the tiny, black shorts and pulled them over her smooth legs.

The Prince had guided Selen and Melea backstage, directing them to a small sectioned off corner where their uniforms were already laid out for them.

"Yeah, as tight and black as the assassin's clothes, bet the crowd will love that," Selen said, as she sat on a stool and pulled her dusty grey cargo pants off. She suddenly became aware off voices through the thin canvas.

"Melea, I think I hear the Prince next door," she whispered, holding her finger up to her lips and leaning close to the canvas wall.

"Great job, great job," the Prince was saying enthusiastically

"Thanks boss," said a deep, bassy voice that Selen recognised as belonging to Simba.

"But it's only half-time and I need you to finish the job against those city girls. I seated them at the front for your last performance so they should be nicely warmed up by now, if you know what I mean," he chuckled. "Listen, the whole evening's been building up to this and we need a good result here to round off the evening."

"No problem Boss, no problem, I beat them easy."

"Don't be too cocky. These girls are good."

"Yes Boss."

"You understand how important this is, right? This is the climax of the evening. I've been planning this evening for weeks and I need the right ending. You've got to beat these bitches, you've got to prove our champion can beat any other tribe's champion. I not only want you beat them and I want you to beat them well. Destroy them. I want you to fuck them so hard they have trouble walking home tonight, understand?"

"Yes Boss, no problem."

"OK, good. Now I've got to go and supervise the modifications to the stage, these imbeciles can't do anything by themselves. Don't let me down, alright?"

"No Boss."

--

Selen grimaced as she took a sip of the spicy aphrodisiac; it had an oddly bitter after-taste. She couldn't help glancing over at Simba as she emptied the glass under the watchful eye of the referee. He winked and grinned at her, showing a mouthful of bright white teeth before knocking back the fluid in one long gulp.

She turned away, trying to ignore the way he paced back and forth, a study in repressed excitement, like a black panther waiting for the doors of his cage to be opened.

Soon they were lead out onto the brightly-lit stage by the referee, a middle-aged man wearing neutral white robes. Selen knew him; he had a reputation for being quite easy-going. There were a few boos as they entered the ring, but mostly the crowd ignored them, saving their loud cheers and applause for their champion who appeared soon after, flexing his impressive muscles and waving happily.

"This is an exhibition fight, to be played by the standard night rules," the referee said, once the cheering had died down. "No biting, punching, spitting or hair-pulling. There is no time limit, the fight ends when either the man climaxes or both women have climaxed. All contestants have taken the standard dose of aphrodisiac. There is an additional rule in this fight which is specific to this tribe: any items thrown into the ring may be used by the participants. Is that clear?"

"Yes, muttered Selen, still wondering what kind of items might be thrown in by the crowd. Melea and Simba both nodded.

"Very well, then fight!" the referee said, stepping back.

The fight started like most other fights Selen had had. The opponents dancing around the ring, sizing each other up, trying not to make a mistake too early.

Selen danced around the ring, trying to sneak up on her huge opponent whilst Melea distracted him. She was feeling a little odd though; a bit lethargic and dizzy and heavy-footed, like she was wearing heavy boots. She was also having trouble seeing clearly; in the thick atmosphere, everything seemed a little blurred. Perhaps it was the unusual surroundings, she thought, as she made a grab for one of his thick wrists but missed.

It was a strange environment; she couldn't really see much beyond the bright lights where the crowd murmured excitedly. Already a few plump cushions had been thrown into the ring by the boisterous crowd, suddenly appearing out of the darkness, their satin surfaces shining under the lights.

She caught a nervous glance from Melea, and wondered if she was struggling too. She watched as Simba made a grab for her friend and she reacted too slowly. Melea shrieked as he yanked her towards him, and they fell to the floor in a flurry of arms and legs, scrambling for control. Simba's superior strength showing as he came out on top of Melea, who was trapped under his weight, caught face down against the sprung wooden floor. Selen leapt into the action, her arm wrapped around his tree-trunk-sized neck, trying to pull him off. He was so strong though! 

"Selen, help!" came a muffled gasp from below, but Selen could only watch as he easily tugged Melea's arms behind her back, both of her pale wrists caught in one big, black hand. Just then, a length of rope was tossed in from the crowd right next to them and Simba smiled as he grabbed it.

"Hey, referee, that's not fair!" Selen shouted, as she pulled at one of Simba's beefy arms, trying desperately to stop him binding Melea's wrists.

"Hey, it's their fight and their rules," the referee said, shrugging his shoulders.

Desperately, Selen pulled and pulled, but it was having little effect. She just felt so weak since the start of the fight, and she found herself watching helplessly as her opponent deftly wrapped the hemp rope around Melea's slender wrists. 

Selen watched with growing frustration as he secured her friend's bonds with a thick knot, then turned his attention to her. She still had an arm wrapped around his neck, but she struggled to maintain it as he grabbed her wrist and slowly prized it away. Selen shrieked as he broke free, and suddenly they were rolling over on the floor, both of them trying to get on top. 

Her best strategy was to avoid grappling with him on the floor, but as she tried to escape and get to her feet she felt a strong hand tugging her ankle and she was falling forward, unable to stop him folding her legs back, pressing her feet against her buttocks, pinning her to the floor.

Selen still wasn't feeling right, she knew she should tuck her arms beneath her in this position but her reactions was too slow and she was unable to stop him quickly grabbing one of her wrists and twisting it behind her back.

"No!" she panted as he grabbed at the other wrist.

"Come on Blondie," he muttered in his deep, rumbling voice, his lips next to her ear. "Let me have your other wrist, and we can have some fun together."

"Never!" Selen gasped as she struggled but he was so strong, and as the crowd cheered happily, she couldn't stop him tugging her wrists together behind her back. As before, a length of rope suddenly appeared next to them and she watched his big hand scoop it up.

She knew she was in a terrible position, pinned to the floor by his weight, feeling him wrap the coarse rope around her wrists. She twisted her head sideways and saw Melea a few feet away, struggling helplessly, trying and failing to loosen the bonds. Selen could see that he'd tied the rope well, and all her struggling was having little effect. Despite all her efforts she now knew, she'd soon be in the same position.

"I'm going to have so much fun with you," she heard him say as the rope tightened around her wrists.

"Bastard!" she hissed then squealed as he rolled her over, easily manoeuvring her into a position where she was sitting up between his legs, her hands now trapped behind her back. 

With his beefy arm around her neck, she could only watch helplessly as he ran his free hand up over her stomach, crudely squeezing one of her boobs beneath the taut black Lycra.

"I'm so looking forward to making you suck my dick, Blondie," he grunted, his lips brushing against her neck, as he caressed her roughly. "Then when you've got me nice and hard I'm going to give you the fucking of your life."

"No!" Selen gasped, feeling her nipples stiffen as his deft fingers brushed over the thin fabric. She was feeling the full effect of the aphrodisiac now, and her nerve endings tingled wherever he touched her.

"Perhaps we should give the audience a little taster of what they're going to see later, huh?" he grunted as he yanked her top up, exposing her pale breasts as a lusty male roar rose from the crowd.

"Bastard!" she repeated but couldn't suppress a little gasp of pleasure as he cruelly squeezed one of her tender, turgid nipples between thumb and forefinger.

"You like that, huh? If you like that, you're gonna love what I do to you later," he chuckled, as he slowly rolled and twisted it as she groaned at the intense sensations. 

"Mmm, I just love the taste of white chocolate," he said as he licked and nibbled at her ear. "But I think I'm going to save you for dessert. Save the best until last, yes?"

Selen could only kick her legs uselessly as she was dragged over towards the edge of the stage.

"I'm going to show your friend a good time, don't get jealous, huh?" he laughed as he positioned her so that her back was against one of the broad wooden poles, holding up the tent.

Selen could only sit and watch, her breasts still exposed, as her opponent strolled casually back across the stage, a broad smile on his face as he stood astride Melea and the crowd cheered wildly.

By now, her friend had given up trying to loosen her bonds and her face showed an expression of defeat as Simba hauled her to her feet, standing behind her, one arm wrapped around her slender neck. There was another raucous cheer from the audience as he tugged her top up, using one big hand to play with her pert, apple-sized boobs. Melea could only squirm uncomfortably, her face turned away as he teased her pink nipples until they stood to attention.

A tense air of anticipation spread through the crowd as he forced the girl to her knees, his big hands pressing on her shoulders. Melea, her hands still bound tightly behind her back, could only watch as he hooked his thumbs beneath the waistband of his shorts, slowly inching them down until his huge, erect cock sprung out. Although they'd seen him naked earlier, there was still a loud female gasp of appreciation at the sight of his mighty prick, slowly swaying as he kicked his shorts from his feet. Melea must have known what was going to happen next but could do little to stop it, as a large hand grasped her dark ponytail and drew her forward. She opened her mouth obediently, allowing him to ease himself between her plump, moist lips.

"Good girl," he groaned happily as he eased his cock back out, the engorged shaft glistening like onyx under the lights.

Immediately behind her, Selen could hear two women talking, their voices hoarse whispers beneath the excited chatter.

"Imagine, being tied up and forced to suck on his huge... thing!" the older-sounding one was saying rather breathlessly.

"I know! That poor young girl, how terrible!" the other said.

Simba was standing proudly in the centre of the stage, smiling and waving to friends in the crowd as Melea sucked at him hungrily, her boobs jiggling as she ran her lips up and down his shaft. Selen reasoned she was hoping she might be able to make him orgasm quickly, but that seemed a fairly remote hope. After a few minutes, Simba grabbed her chin and eased his slick length from her plump lips.

There was more excited chatter as he quickly stripped off Melea's tight shorts and threw them aside. The crowd murmured excitedly as he roughly positioned her on all fours, placing one of the plump pillows that had been thrown into the ring under her stomach. Selen knew she should probably look away but she couldn't help but watch as Simba knelt behind her team mate, his strong hands easing her knees and buttocks wide apart as he lapped hungrily at her pussy. 

She felt her pussy moisten as she watched her friend writhing happily as his broad pink tongue licked her swollen, exposed labia. Her friend was still tugging at her bonds but she could do little as Simba's big hands encircled her slender waist, holding her steady as he hungrily lapped at her wet folds.

"No, no," she heard Melea gasp helplessly as he stopped licking her and grasped his lengthy shaft, pressing the swollen head against her pussy.

From her angle, behind but slightly to one side, Selen was able to watch Simba ease himself into her, Melea's high-pitched squeal clearly audible over the crowd's cheering as her tight pussy lips stretched to accommodate the thick, black column of flesh. Then slowly out, her pink lips clinging tightly to his meaty rod.

Behind her, she could hear the women's soft gasps of approval as Simba began to ease his shaft in and out, closing his eyes and savouring the snug embrace of Melea's slick sex.

Selen had to admit it was quite a spectacle. Not exactly subtle, but that didn't seem to be bothering the men in the crowd who bayed loudly as Simba energetically fucked Melea doggy style. What could be more fitting for a Sultan's birthday? Watching the most virile, powerful member of their tribe literally fucking representatives from the other tribes. In their minds, a demonstration how superior they were to their peers for all to see. She was just outside the brightly lit area now and she could see the men in the crowd shaking their fists, cheering their champion on, their faces twisted with lust and excitement.

The two women in the crowd were urgently whispering now, their voices just about audible beneath the roaring of the crowd.

"Look at that poor girl!" she heard the older one say.

"I know, imagine having that big black Simba pinning you down with his thick arms and having his wicked way with you! And in front of hundreds of people!"

"I know! Have you see the size of his, you know, thing? Imagine having that great big thing, you know, inside you! Pounding away at you again and again whether you liked it or not!"

"It looks so long and thick! I'm not even sure I could take something that size!"

Although outwardly shocked and outraged, Selen could hear the tense, breathless excitement in their voices, their arousal simmering just below the surface.

The aphrodisiac had had quite a long time to work its magic, and Selen couldn't help feeling aroused as she watched the erotic spectacle playing out in front of her. It felt like she was a member of the crowd, forced to watch as Simba, a fine sheet of sweat clinging to his ebony skin, energetically screwed her friend, his muscular buttocks tensed, his mouth open as he gasped for breath in the thick, humid atmosphere. 

Selen tried freeing her hands again but it was no good, and so she was forced to sit and watch, patiently waiting her turn as Simba passionately fucked her friend. She felt the warm tingling of desire between her thighs as he fucked her relentlessly.

"Selen?" she heard a voice whisper. "It's me, Nadia. Here, drink this."

"What is it?" Selen said, as her old friend held a cup to her lips.

"Just water," Nadia said as she tilted the cup.

As she drank, she felt Nadia leaning in close, her lips next to her ear.

"I just found out that the drink they gave you before the fight was spiked. Simba had a weakened version but yours and Melea's had something added to make you feel lethargic and dizzy," Nadia whispered, using her free hand to tug at Selen's bonds.

"Yes, I still don't feel right," Selen said and risked glancing around to see if anyone noticed what Nadia was doing. But the crowd's attention was focussed on the brightly lit stage where Simba grasped Melea's thick ponytail in a big hand and roughly pulled her head back as he began to thrust harder. Melea, her hands still tied behind her back, her mouth open was moaning loudly now as he fucked her with long, fluid strokes, his big black balls slapping against the pale cheeks of her bottom.

"So I'm going to even things up a little by untying you, I think that's only fair," Nadia whispered.

"Thanks," Selen whispered back, trying not to move her lips.

"There, good luck!" Nadia said as Selen felt her bonds loosen.

"Thanks," Selen hissed but Nadia had already slipped away, back into the darkness beyond the lights.

Melea's desperate cries drew her attention back to the stage.

"No, no, no!" the girl was gasping, unable to stop her body surrendering to the potent aphrodisiac coursing through her blood and the forceful pounding of Simba's huge cock.

Simba was fucking her faster and faster, harder and harder, her desperate cries of pleasure telling him how close she was as the sweat dripped off his forehead and splashed on her back.

"No, no, please!" Melea was wailing, her voice becoming a single high-pitched note as she came, her body tensing, eyes squeezed shut as the audience clapped and cheered and shouted wildly.

There was a brief hiatus as Simba rose and stood over Melea's spent body, accepting the applause from the crowd, his cock still hard and dripping with his defeated opponent's juices. Objects continued to be thrown into the ring, mainly gold coins and jewellery as Simba stood centre-stage, hands clasped above his head, as if he'd already won.

Selen waited patiently, discretely loosening the rope and coiling it around her wrist. As he turned away from her, she sprang to her feet, tugging her top down over her boobs as she raced across the stage. Simba lost in the moment, was unaware of her even as several men in the front rows shouted and pointed in her direction.

Selen barged into him with her shoulder causing him to fall, his head thumping against the wooden platform. She fell on top of him, tugging one of his thick arms behind his back and looping the rope around a thick wrist before he knew what was happening.

"What? What's going on?" he murmured groggily as Selen aggressively tugged his other hand behind his back.

"Surprise!" Selen grunted as she struggled to keep hold of his wrist

"Hey, let me go," he shouted trying to pull his hand free.

"No way," Selen said through gritted teeth as she used all her strength to squeeze his wrists together, winding the rope around and around, and tying multiple knots as the crowd booed and hissed.

"Referee! Do something! She's cheating!" she could hear the men in the crowd shouting as she got to her feet and skipped over to Melea.

"You alright?" she asked as she untied her friend's hands.

"I'm better now," Melea said, sitting up and rubbing her wrists.

"Ready to win this?" Selen said.

"Oh yeah," Melea replied, returning her grin as she pulled her top down and looked around for her shorts.

--

"Let me go, you bitches!" Simba said angrily as he rolled around on the floor, his muscles bulging as he tried to free his hands.

They quickly and expertly manoeuvred him so that he was sitting up. Selen sitting behind him, her arms wrapped around his throat and his broad hairless chest. Melea sat astride his legs and began to stroke his semi-erect cock.

"Yeah, now let's see how big we can get you," Melea said, smiling happily as she felt his shaft begin to straighten and thicken.

Selen could hear the angry crowd arguing and jeering as she watched her friend stroke Simba's cock to its full length, the veins standing out as the blood surged into the throbbing shaft. Up close it was even more impressive, nearly as long as her forearm and so thick that Melea's fingers could only just encircle it.

"Referee! Stop this! Those white girls are cheating!" a man behind her shouted angrily.

"Shut up, Ahmed!" the woman next to him said. "They've not done anything wrong, stop whining!"

"No, no, stop!" Simba said, still struggling as he watched Melea spit on her hand and spread the wetness along his thick shaft until it was slick and glistening.
