 Round 2

Selen sat on the wide tiled window ledge in her room enjoying the cool evening breeze skimming over the rooftops. She watched as the molten red sun shimmered in the hot air rising from the buildings opposite, slowly sinking behind the town's skyline. The shadows lengthened and the brightly coloured building faded to dark grey as day gradually surrendered to night. A few minutes later, she heard a distant roar as the diesel generator rumbled to life and, shortly after, the street lights blinked on one-by-one.

After dusk, the rules of the game changed dramatically. So-called 'night-fighting' had started in the bars and the clubs where the clientele (usually men who had had too much to drink) demanded a more sexualised version of wrestling. It had started with girls wrestling in oil and 'accidentally' losing their clothes as clubs competed to bring in the crowds. Slowly, standard rules and regulations had evolved and the form had been accepted as an official sport. 

The most significant difference was that the loser was the first to orgasm. Obviously, it was quite difficult to always achieve that within a twenty or thirty minute fight so all fighters had to drink a potent aphrodisiac, a secret concoction of spices and herbs like ginseng and saffron. It was specially designed to sexually stimulate a contestant regardless of their gender or race.

Selen's next fight was a tag match; two versus two girls. The rules for this kind of fighting were straightforward. As soon as one of the girls climaxed, the contest was lost. Only one girl was allowed to fight at a time and tagging your teammate allowed you to swap places. Each team was allowed one temporary 'double-team' period. In this period, both girls could fight in the ring at the same time. The other team couldn't call their 'double-team' during this period.

She'd been drawn to fight with Melea, the girl she'd met earlier, which she considered a lucky omen as she knew Melea was pretty good. She hadn't heard of the two girls they'd be fighting. A few minutes before the start time, she met her new partner in the backstage area behind the arena.

"Jeez I swear these uniforms get smaller every year," Melea said, tugging nervously at her bright orange bikini bottom, trying unsuccessfully to stretch the tiny triangle so that it covered her muscular buttocks. 

"Yeah, it's pretty obvious this sport is run by men, I don't know how they expect them to stay on," Selen replied. 

"I guess that's the idea," Melea said ruefully, shrugging her shoulders.

Selen and Melea drank their carefully measured glasses of the aphrodisiac as the referee watched before he led them out into the cauldron of the arena. 

The atmosphere was tense and electric, the arena full of noisy anticipation. It must have been at least twice as loud as it had been earlier as they walked to the centre and Selen could feel the spicy warmth of the aphrodisiac in her stomach and her nerves jangling as the adrenaline coursed through her. 

As the referee introduced them, Selen toyed with her 'uniform' anxiously. She was wearing a very skimpy lime green bikini: the top just two triangles of clingy material that did little to hide her shapely boobs. The thin triangle of her skimpy bottoms barely covered the neatly trimmed pubis.

Melea and Selen only had the briefest of chances to discuss tactics as they took their positions at the opposite side of the ring to their opponents. They both agreed that as she was the more experienced fighter Selen should go first.

One of her opponents, Na'kral, was obviously from the same tribe as her previous opponent and looked similar with her dusky light brown skin and olive black eyes, but perhaps a little older and taller. She had a lean, muscular build and a large tattoo of a snake on the inside of her wrist. 

The other girl was Fabia, a cute-looking teenager with a slim frame, pale delicate-looking skin and sparkling emerald green eyes. She had an elfin face beneath spiky red hair that contrasted with the bright yellow of her bikini. 

Selen was pleased and surprised to see the redhead advancing towards the centre of the ring as she looked like the weaker of her two opponents. The girl seemed to be nervous and as soon as the fight started she took a step backwards as Selen advanced towards her. They tussled briefly and within a few seconds, Selen's superior technique and strength showed as she caught the girl off balance, and tripped her with an ankle tap. The redhead twisted as she fell, falling face down with Selen on top.

With the girl lying on the floor facing away from her, Selen grabbed the girl's left ankle and pressed it against the back of her right leg. Then she took the right ankle and folded the right leg back until the heel touched her buttocks trapping her left foot. In this position the blonde was able to hold her ankle with one hand while her other ran over her trapped body, examining her trim curves.

The girl struggled weakly as Selen slid her hand between the girl's legs and stroked her thighs beneath her skimpy bikini bottoms. She could feel the outline of the girl's warm pussy lips beneath the tight, yellow material. Selen smiled as the crowd cheered and her fingers caressed her gently, already sensing a slight dampness. This was going to be easy!

"No!" the girl squealed wriggling feverishly, as she felt Selen's fingers press more firmly, exploring her increasingly damp folds and sliding beneath her to trace light circles around her clit. 

Instinctively she reached behind to try and stop her. Acting quickly and efficiently, Selen let go of her ankle and grabbed her wrists, folding them neatly behind her back so that she could hold them in one hand. The girl struggled helplessly as Selen used her free hand to tug at the little bow in the middle of Fabia's back, quickly unfastening her bikini top then rolling her sideways. There was a large cheer from the crowd she tugged the yellow top aside revealing small but nicely shaped breasts with large triangular patches of pale skin where her bikini had been and a dusting of freckles over her cleavage.

Selen was beginning to think this was almost too easy. How was the crowd going to react if it was all over so soon? The redhead didn't seem to have either the strength or skill to escape from the hold and she was able to take her time, leisurely fondling the girl's boobs, exploring the gentle curves of her smooth skin. The girl grunted and struggled and swore but could do nothing to stop Selen's skilful fingers toying with her stubby pink nipples until they stood proud and erect and Na'kral could only look helplessly towards her colleague as Selen slipped her hand down over her trim stomach towards her thighs.

The blonde was so intent on holding the girl's wrists tight and stroking the increasingly damp material of the bikini bottoms that she didn't notice the girl stretching her foot towards her partner. The moment their fingertips touched, Na'kral leapt into the ring like a tiger bursting free from its cage. 

The tremendous roar of the crowd masked Melea shouting a warning and so Selen was taken completely by surprise when she felt her arms being tugged upwards and backwards. The other girl quickly putting her in a full nelson, her arms looping under Selen's and her hands locking together behind her neck. In this position, Selen's arms were trapped in position, her elbows level with her ears and her hands resting on top of her head. Na'kral showed her impressive strength, quickly rolling her over so that Selen found herself lying on top and face up.

The blonde struggled but knew it was near impossible to get out of this hold, especially with such a muscular opponent. She looked up at the clock, which had already started to count down the seven minutes until the double-team period elapsed. She tightly clamped her knees together as the redhead got to her knees and quickly tugged at her bikini top. There was a lusty male roar from the crowd as she easily pulled the stretchy green material aside exposing Selen's cupcake boobs. Now the tables were turned and Selen was forced to watch as the girl's lips rained warm kisses over her neck and shoulders and her hands cupped her bare breasts. The aphrodisiac had had several minutes to work and Selen quickly began to feel aroused, and she couldn't suppress a moan of pleasure as the girl's soft red lips kissed her way along the gentle slope of her boobs and fastened around one of her aching nipples.

"Good, isn't she?" Na'kral said squeezing her arms painfully. "Not much of a wrestler but I've seen her bring an opponent to a screaming orgasm in three minutes flat." 

"No chance," gasped Selen defiantly as she felt the redhead's tongue flicker over her taut nipple sending little electric sparks of pleasure straight to her clit. 

"By the way, my sister Na'ina sends her regards," Na'kral said, her lips next to Selen's ear. 

"You're Na'ina's sister?" Selen gasped. 

"Oh yes, she told me all about how you cheated earlier, so I'm here to even the score," Na'kral whispered as her cruel teeth clamped around the blonde's earlobe. 

Selen's squeal of pain was lost in the raucous noise of the crowd as the redhead started tugging at Selen's bikini bottoms. Selen instinctively spread her legs wide apart as she felt the material sliding over her thighs then realised her mistake as Na'kral's feet hooked over her knees locking her legs in that position.

Melea was shouting encouragement from the sideline but there was very little Selen could do. Her arms were locked behind her head, her legs spread wide and she could only watch as the girl's hand slid along her thighs and began to stroke her through her bikini bottoms, the tight green material stretched tightly over her pubis. At the same time, Fabia kissed and licked her boobs, Selen shivering with pleasure as she felt the redhead's wicked tongue lick and tease her puckered nipples. 

"Oh God!" she moaned as she felt the girl draw the tip of her breast into the warm, wet cave of her mouth and her even white teeth gently close around her bud. 

"You're enjoying that, aren't you slut?" Na'kral taunted from behind her.

Selen twisted her head and looked up at the clock. Still five minutes to go, and the clock's hand seemed to moving slower and slower, each tick taking an eternity. The girl's inquisitive fingers quickly located the centre of her wetness and stroked the damp material in lazy circles. The redhead was very good; her skilful fingers stroking the blonde's swollen lips beneath the thin material and Selen could feel herself surrendering to the warm waves of pleasure that swept over her body. 

She watched as the girl's soft lips left a trail of hot kisses down over her lean stomach. There was a lusty male roar of approval as Fabia hooked the narrow bikini bottoms aside revealing Selen's naked pussy with its neatly trimmed strip of tightly curled blonde hair. Selen felt a hot flush burning her cheeks, realising how naked and exposed she was, her boobs spilling out of her top, her legs pulled wide apart, her slick pussy bared for all to see.

Her embarrassment was quickly swept away with feelings of intense arousal and she shivered as she felt the redhead's lips nuzzling and nibbling the sensitive, swollen skin of her inner thighs. Her hips undulated uncontrollably as the girl's tongue teased her, slowly running along the length of her glistening slit. The girl's wicked tongue glided up and down, up and down and Selen felt herself surrendering to the delicious sensations. 

Fabia smiled as she tasted the girl's juices, revenge certainly tasted sweet. She could hear Selen panting and moaning; her pelvis pushing upwards as she slowly ran her tongue along the reddened lips and explored the honeyed folds of her pussy. She glanced up at the clock- 4:03; still plenty of time to make the horny bitch cum.

Meanwhile Na'kral changed position so that she was able to slide her arm between Selen's arms and her back, securing both of her arms. This freed one of her hands to toy with the girl's boobs. 

"Nice and hard, just the way I like them" she whispered in Selen's ear as she cupped a breast and flicked a thumb over her engorged nipple.

Selen looked up at the clock through half-open eyes and watched as the fight-clock moved agonisingly slowly: 3:15... 3.14... 3.13...

The aphrodisiac had taken full effect now, little electric shocks of pleasure shooting through her with every touch. 

"Mmm, oh please, please," Selen mewed helplessly as she felt Fabia's fingers stroking and spreading the soft, juicy folds of her pussy revealing the pink, wet inner lips. 

Another wave of pure pleasure swept through her as the girl's soft lips and probing tongue slid along the length of her inner lips until they found the hard little nub of her ultra-sensitive clitoris. God, she was good thought Selen, another wave surging through her as Fabia's warm tongue alternately teased her clitoris and lapped at the juices oozing copiously from her.

Behind her Na'kral was obviously enjoying revenging her sister's defeat. Selen felt the girl's fingers sliding between her half-open lips and instinctively sucked at them hungrily. 

"Good girl," she heard her growl, as she felt her nipples being squeezed between the wet, slippery fingertips, her lithe body twisting and shivering.

Selen knew she should be fighting her tormentors but their fingers and tongues and lips kept drawing her back into a world of pure carnal pleasure, and she lay back, closing her eyes, the sound of the crowd fading into the background, as she surrendered to the moment. 

"Keep going, she's nearly done," she heard Na'kral grunt as she felt the Fabia's fingers spreading her puffy lips and her tongue dancing over her sensitive inner folds and lightly but insistently flicking her engorged clit. Her senses were overwhelmed as the two girls stroked and caressed and teased her body towards a terrific orgasm.

"No, please," she begged as she felt one of Fabia's wet fingers spreading her lips and gently but firmly pressing against her vagina. 

Fabia smiled and ignored her, her finger slipping easily inside of Selen's slick, velvety pussy and her captive squealed and arched her back as the redhead's long, slender finger explored her clasping depths. The redhead had been enjoying the blonde's arousal and had lost track of the time. She glanced up at the clock now as she slowly withdrew her finger coated with the girl's honey...

2.51... 2.50...2.49...

She realised she was running short of time and started to slide her finger in and out as her tongue danced over Selen's clit. 

"Oh, oh, oh," panted the blonde helplessly as the redhead finger-fucked her and the redhead's tongue traced tight little circles around her engorged clit.

"Only two minutes, hang on!" she heard Melea shout urgently over the noise of the crowd. Selen squealed as she felt a second finger slip inside her, stretching her juicy lips.

Fabia looked up at the clock again as she fucked her with two fingers now, enjoying the feeling of the girl's velvety pussy clenching her spasmodically as she gradually moved faster and faster pushing Selen closer and closer to the edge.

1.30... 1.29... 1.28...

The front rows of the crowd were on the edge of their seats as the drama played out. Their excitement grew as they watched the blonde writhing and moaning feverishly, knowing she was close now but also knowing that time was quickly running out. 

0:40... 0:39... 0:38...

The tension was palpable as the clock ran down.

"No, please, please, please," Selen gasped rhythmically as Fabia tormented her aching pussy and Na'kral squeezed her nipples, her senses flooded with an overwhelming mixture of pain and pleasure.

"10... 9... 8..." chanted the crowd.

"Oh, oh, oh!" panted Selen, her desperate voice becoming a high-pitched wail as every muscle in her body tensed, waiting for the inevitable orgasm to sweep over her. 

"3..." 

Selen's heart pounded as her body twisted and bucked wildly.

"2..." 

"Don't stop, don't stop!" she pleaded as Fabia's tongue danced over her clit.

"1..." 

Her whole body arched, taut as a bowstring, as she teetered on the edge of the void...

"No! Don't stop!" sobbed Selen denied her moment of ecstasy, as the redhead was pulled away by the referee. 

"No, just a few more seconds," Fabia protested still desperately rubbing Selen's pussy with her outstretched fingers as the referee grabbed her under the shoulders and dragged her back towards the sidelines.

Selen's body ached for release as she slowly drifted back to planet earth becoming slowly aware of her surroundings and the noise of the crowd again. She could hear Melea shouting too. She was still held tightly by Na'kral but without Fabia holding her legs she managed to wriggle half-free, twisting around just in time to see her partner Melea stretching a hand towards her. She stretched her leg, pointing her foot towards her partner until her toes brushed the girl's fingertips.

Na'kral was a strong and aggressive fighter and it took a few minutes to subdue her, pinning her on the mat facing up with Selen pinning her arms and Melea lying across her legs. As they struggled, Selen manoeuvred the girl so that Na'kral was sitting between her legs, facing away from her and tugged her arms behind her back. 

There was an enthusiastic male roar as Melea tugged the girl's crimson bikini top aside revealing breasts as large and shapely as her sister's. Selen watched as her partner licked and sucked at the girl's bare boobs, hearing Na'kral moan as Melea's hand slipped between her legs. The girl squirmed and gasped as Melea's warm lips and eager tongue explored her boobs and stimulated her taut nipples. 

With the events of the last few minutes and the effect of the aphrodisiac, Na'kral was already very aroused. Selen could sense this and the girl barely struggled as Melea hooked her thumbs under her bikini bottoms and slipped them over her muscular thighs revealing the swollen, glistening lips of her pussy under a neatly trimmed triangle of dark curly hair.

Melea wasted no time, pushing the girl's knees apart and kissing her way up over the inside of Na'kral's thighs as the crowd cheered her on, eager to see a climax to the fight. Selen sensed they wouldn't have to wait long, Na'kral moaning urgently as Melea ran her tongue along the length of her moist slit. 

"Oh no, no!" she gasped as Melea's fingers explored the damp folds of her pussy. Selen looked up at the clock and noted that they still had plenty of time left as Melea expertly licked and stroked and lapped the girl towards orgasm. 

As Na'kral's panting got more and more laboured and her body twisted and jerked, Selen slipped a hand around cupping one of her boobs then gently squeezing one of her hard little nipples. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Na'kral gasped as Melea slipped a finger in and out of her cunt and her tongue flicked over her clitoris. As the girl's cries became higher and higher pitched Selen pinched and twisted her nipples till the girl squealed loudly her whole body becoming rigid as she teetered on the edge. Then she was throwing her head back, surrendering to the sublime pleasure, screaming as she came, her body convulsing in Selen's arms as the crowd stood and roared their approval.



Round 3

Selen and Melea walked out of the arena, waving back at the crowd as they pulled on dressing gowns. As soon as they were through the exit , they were met by one of the officials as the sound from the crowd faded into the background. 

"Congratulations on your win," he said, looking up from his clipboard and smiling at them. 

"I've got the details of your next fight here."

"Yeah?" Melea said. 

He ran his finger down the list. 

"Selen and Melea right? You're on last, that's eleven pm and you're up against, let me see: Hassan."
