 Extra Time

Selen dried herself after her shower. She'd forgotten to bring fresh clothes so changed back into the green bikini then slipped her robe back over her shoulders before returning to her room. The diesel generator had long since been switched off leaving the town lit only by the moon and stars. Selen quickly lit some candles and placed them around the room. She placed the largest candle in the middle of the table then slumped in one of the chairs.

She smiled as she noticed the bottle of sparkling wine and glasses that one of officials must have left for her. But the last thing she wanted to do now was drink. She was feeling so tired. No, more than tired. Completely exhausted and battered and bruised. 

She closed her eyes and leant back in the chair. There was another feeling too. Despite her tiredness, she had to confess she felt horny. She thought about what had happened: Na'ina nearly stripping her naked in the first bout leaving her feeling intensely embarrassed but also strangely aroused at the crowd's enthusiastic reaction. And in the second round, Fabia's hot little tongue and slim fingers bringing her close, so agonisingly close, to a delicious orgasm. Then clutching Hassan tightly, her arms around his broad chest, hearing his anguished cries for release as Melea expertly teased his impressive cock till he could take no more. She even envied the lady in the crowd and her discrete pleasure.

As she thought about the events of the day she couldn't resist sliding a hand beneath her robe and between her warm thighs. She slowly stroked herself through her bikini bottoms as she conjured up an image of Hassan's thick penis sliding between Melea's eager lips and imagined it was her teasing him to the point of climax. Making him beg her for release. She sighed as she felt her bikini bottoms begin to dampen and suddenly wished she had someone with whom to share her champagne.

A knock on the door shattered her thoughts and she quickly jumped to her feet. 

"Hassan! I was just thinking about you!" she exclaimed, looking up at him as she opened the door and feeling herself blushing bright red. 

"I just wanted to congratulate you on winning. You must be very happy," he said, smiling. 

"Yes, yes I am. Listen, I'm sorry it didn't work out for you this year," she stammered, her mind racing. Should she invite him in? She was tired but it was only polite, wasn't it?

"Yeah well there's always next year I guess," he replied, peering around the door. 

"Well I hope you'll come back and see us again next year. Listen it's really late and I'm tired so..." she hinted, her hand reaching out and resting on the door's edge. 

"Hey that's a hell of a bottle of champagne! Are you going to drink that all by yourself?" 

She pondered her options; maybe she could have one drink with him, where was the harm in that? It was only polite. She stood aside to let him in and soon he was pouring them both a glass.

"To a worthy champion," he said raising his glass towards her. 

"Here's to doing whatever it takes to win," she replied, remembering his advice from the night before. He smiled. 

"Yes, I kind of regret giving you any advice now," he chuckled.

Since the fight Hassan had showered and changed into a traditional white robe and sandals. It was a warm night and his belt was only loosely tied. Selen couldn't help stealing a glance at his muscular chest as he drank.

"Hey listen," she said. "I just wanted to wish you well. It was a close fight today." 

"Yeah it was close. You know," he replied, wagging his finger, "I think if you hadn't pulled that trick I think I'd have won."

"Well I wouldn't go that far," Selen replied, looking him squarely in the eye. 

"Come on, I don't want to give you a hard time but I was winning Selen, and if you hadn't cheated I'd have probably gone on to win." 

"Cheated!" she exclaimed, putting her glass down on the table a little too firmly, the bubbly liquid spilling over the edge, and splashing onto the wooden surface. 

"Well maybe not cheat exactly," he conceded. "But I don't care what the referee said, tying someone up just isn't fair in my book." 

"Now listen, we won that fight fair and square. Now if you can't handle that, the door's behind you!" she snapped, rapidly losing her temper with him. 

"Look, all I'm saying is if you hadn't tied me up I would have won," he insisted, putting his glass down besides hers.

But she wasn't listening as she stomped towards the door and wrenched it open. 

"I think you've outstayed your welcome," she snapped angrily. "Please leave now." 

She watched as he shrugged his shoulders as he ambled towards the exit. Then as he approached her, his expression hardened, his body tensing, his eyes glittering darkly in the candlelight.

Suddenly he leapt at her like a panther, athletically grabbing her wrists and pinning them above her head, his lean body pressing against her back against the cold wall. As she opened her mouth to scream, he kissed her hard on the mouth as he kicked the door closed with his foot. She struggled but he held her firmly, his surprisingly soft lips controlling hers and his hot body pressing against hers.

"Let me go!" she gasped as he swept her long blonde hair aside and his hungry lips moved from her lips to her neck. He released one of her hands and roughly tugged her robe open, the silky material sliding over her shoulder. 

"No, let go!" she insisted, her hand pushing against his shoulder as his lips left a trail of wet kisses along her shoulder and neck. 

"What a nerve!" she thought as he kissed her neck and his hand roughly tugged one of her boobs free. She struggled as his hand cupped her nakedness and his lips brushed her sensitive skin. 

"No! Let go!" she gasped as she felt his muscular thigh press between her legs, rubbing against her as they squirmed and struggled. She had to admit to herself that his lips did feel good as he nuzzled her skin, his tongue toying with her hardening nipple and she felt herself surrendering as her body responded to his strong, passionate kisses.

As good as his lips felt, Selen still felt uncomfortable. Whether she was making love to a man or woman Selen liked to be the one in control. She'd often wondered whether her domineering personality had led to her becoming a fighter or whether it was the other way round: her dominance in the ring spilling over into the bedroom. Either way she decided it was time for her to take control. 

She relaxed pretending to surrender, then as he loosened his grip, she twisted her hands free and forcefully shoved him backwards, stepping towards him as she did so, then pushed him again, this time tapping his ankle so that he fell backwards onto one of the futons. He propped himself up on his elbows and looked up her as she stood over him and unfastened her robe, letting it fall to the floor. It was soon joined by her bikini top as she tugged it up over her head exposing her pert breasts.

Holding his gaze, Selen sat astride him, her knees either side of his chest and firmly pushed his shoulders back till he was lying flat. She confidently tugged his robes apart and ran her hands over the lean muscle of his chest, then leaned forward and lightly kissed her way up over his stomach. Her long hair fell forward as she kissed him and he groaned as he felt her warm lips and soft hair brush against him. 

Selen took her time, stroking him, toying with his dark nipples and kissing his neck, slowly working her way towards his lips. He let her grab his wrists and pin them above his head as her lips danced over his neck, cheeks and forehead before finding his pliant lips. She kissed him long and hard, loving the feel of his soft yet firm lips against hers. Again, she took her time, gently sucking and nibbling at his lips before slipping her tongue into his inviting mouth. Their tongues entwined passionately as their bodies pressed against each other. Selen could feel his growing hardness pressing against her thighs as his hips undulated.

She leant back, breaking their kiss but still pinning his wrists above his head. 

"Now you've got me, what are you going to do with me?" he said, grinning. 

"Enough talking," she replied, sliding up his prone body. "I can think of a better use for your mouth."

Selen leaned forward, one of her boobs dangling just above his mouth, smiling as he lifted his head. She laughed as she teased him for a few seconds pulling just out of his reach, as the tendons in his neck strained, then relented, enjoying the feel of his hungry lips against her tender skin.

"Mmmm," she groaned, as she felt his warm lips explore the soft, swollen roundness of her boob. He slowly teased her, his hot lips leaving a trail of kisses around her hard little nipple. She squirmed deliciously as his tongue drew closer, aching for his touch.

"Ooh yes!" she moaned as the tip of his wet tongue flicked over her achingly hard nipple, little electric shocks of pleasure racing through her. 

The effects of the aphrodisiac and the way he skilfully sucked at her breasts combined to make her feel increasingly horny and she wriggled against him loving the feel of his masculine hardness against her. She shifted position, forcing him to lick one boob then the other, loving the feeling of being in control. She groaned longingly as he drew her nipple into the warm, wet cave of his mouth his tongue gently flicking back and forth, back and forth until she shuddered with pleasure. At the same time she could feel his hips lifting off the floor, the hard ridge beneath his robes pressing against her with increasing urgency. 

She could feel a warm moistness spreading through her thighs as his hardness pressed against her, and spread her legs wider, her body responding to his, loving the feel of the friction as his body bucked and writhed against hers.

She felt a sudden desire to see him naked. She slid up his body a little, and reached behind awkwardly, tugging at the folds of his robes, until they fell open. She glanced over her shoulder feeling another surge of dampness between her legs at the sight of his big, beautiful cock. She heard him moan, his breath warm against her shoulder, as she ran her fingers along the swollen flesh, making him even harder. 

"Yes, yes!" gasped Hassan as he felt her fingers grasp his rock-hard cock and slowly begin to stroke him. He desperately wanted to fuck her now and with only one of her hands pinning him he realised he could easily throw her off him.

"Mmm," she sighed as she felt his even white teeth close around her bud, gently biting her till the sensations threatened to overwhelm her. She closed her eyes, lost in the delicious sensations and she was caught by surprise when he shifted his weight, pushing her sideways so that she rolled over and suddenly he was on top, his weight pinning her to the futon.

She struggled but he was much stronger and quickly pinned her arms above her head. 

"That was a bit sneaky, maybe even cheating," she grunted looking up at him. 

"Well sometimes you've got to stretch the rules a bit," he said, his breathing ragged. 

"Now you've got me what are you going to do with me?" she gasped, as his teeth dug into the tender flesh of her neck, leaving a livid red love bite. 

"I'm going to prove who's the better fighter by making you come first," he said, matter-of-factly, emphasising his point by grinding his hard cock against the thin material of her bikini bottoms. 

"Yeah? Well I reckon it'll be you coming first again," she retorted, loving the feeling of his hardness rubbing against her, then squealing as his cruel teeth closed around one of her nipples causing an exquisite mixture of pleasure and pain. 

He quickly let go of her arms and slid down over her hot writhing body, his hands roughly tugging at her bottoms. She lifted her hips as he kissed his way down over her stomach, her skin slick with salty perspiration. Selen gasped, spreading her legs and kicking her bottoms from her ankles as he hungrily showered her hot, molten thighs with kisses. His lips quickly found her inflamed pussy lips and licked them passionately, his cheeks soon smeared with her juices. 

"Oh God!" she squealed loudly, her juices oozing, her legs spreading even wider as she felt him run his tongue along her slit. Hassan smiled as her legs parted wide, the intimate folds of her pussy opening before him like an exotic pink flower.

Selen arched her back and moaned with pleasure as his fingers and lips gently stimulated her. Despite her urgent moans he took his time, his tongue lightly stroking her clitoris in a steady rhythm that left her writhing and panting for more.

He was desperate to have her now, his cock aching to be inside her. As he slid up over her body Selen quickly shifted her weight and rolled him over so that she was on top once more. She pinned his arms above his head as he struggled, their legs entwined, hips grinding together, his hardness rubbing against her swollen pussy lips. She rocked unsteadily for a few moments before he overpowered her rolling back on top, his weight pressing between her legs as he tried to grab her wrists, and his cock sought the centre of her wetness. She fought strongly though, determined to be on top and in control. They rolled over and over on the futons their hot perspiration-slick bodies grinding together as they struggled ferociously, neither of them willing to give way to the other. 

Finally, Hassan's superior strength prevailed as Selen began to tire and he managed to grab her hips and flip her over. 

"No!" Selen squealed trying to crawl away as he pulled her hips towards him and shoved a large cushion under her stomach so that her bottom stuck up in the air. It was a big, firm cushion and it pitched her weight forward, and with his hand on the back of her neck she found herself pinned, unable to move. 

"Bastard!" she gasped as he twisted one of her arms behind her back and used the other to yank her knees wide apart. 

"Ow! Let me go, you bastard!" she demanded as his hand slapped her exposed buttocks. 

"Now who's the best fighter?" he gloated, as his hand connected with her bottom again before sliding between her legs. 

"You're an even worse winner than you are a loser," she groaned, still trying to wriggle free as he ran a finger along her slick pussy lips. 

"Mmm, nice and wet," he said as he shifted position, both hands grasping then parting her fleshy buttocks, exposing the ripe, juicy flesh of her pussy.

He ran his thick rod between the rounded globes of her thighs and felt himself grow even harder at the sight of her glistening pussy lips beneath the tight star of her anus.

Then she was throwing her head back and squealing as she felt the thick bulbous head of his cock between her hot thighs, sliding along her aching pussy lips. 

"Come on then, fuck me, fuck me you bastard!" she demanded, surrendering to his firm touch and arching her back as he ran his length along her molten pussy. 

"Ooh yes, yes!" she wailed as he obliged, his thick shaft sliding smoothly into her dripping wet pussy pushing the air from her lungs.

Her pussy was quite tight and at first he could only ease the first couple of inches into her. He loved the delicious friction as her velvety pussy lips clung to his swollen shaft as he slowly eased himself in and out, his shaft soon coated with her honey. He loved the little squeals of pleasure she made when he thrust back in, each time a little deeper. Soon most of his cock was disappearing between her pussy lips and he quickly developed a rhythm, fucking her rhythmically sometimes with long, slow strokes that drew groans of satisfaction from her. And sometimes just using the tip of his knob to fuck her with hard, fast, staccato strokes that made her pant with desire. After only a few minutes he knew he was too aroused to last long and quickly began fucking her hard, his balls slapping her buttocks as she wriggled beneath him, her bottom pushing back in time with his thrusts. He fucked her roughly, desperate for her to come first.

"If it wasn't for that trick you pulled, I'd have fucked you and your friend like this in front of all those people," he gasped, as he grabbed her fleshy buttocks with his hands and slid his hardness deep into her fiery pussy. "You'd have liked that, wouldn't you?"

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Selen moaned as he thrust into her again and again. A drop of sweat rolled down his nose and splashed in her back as he slammed into her wildly, his balls slapping against her buttocks. Selen clung on to the futon, her hands balling into fists, her whole body shuddering as he thrust into her energetically.

Selen's glossy hair shimmered in the moonlight, falling forward over her face as his muscular thighs pounded against hers, some damp strands sticking to her hot forehead. She felt him grab her hips with his strong hands and pull her back against him, impaling her on his hardness. He changed position from time to time, leaning over her his hips driving more downwards, the ferocity of his thrusts pushing her against the firmness of the cushion, her aching clitoris rubbing against the rough material deliciously. 

He couldn't resist reaching beneath her to squeeze one of her jiggling boobs, loving the feel of its warm fullness. He could feel her nipples, hard like bullets against his palm and clamped his thumb and forefinger around it. 

"No, please!" she squealed, throwing her head back as he twisted it painfully. He ignored her tweaking it harder then grabbed a handful of her soft, golden hair instead her head snapping back as he began to thrust harder and harder, determined to make her come first and win their private contest.

"Bastard!" Selen moaned, as he tugged her hair painfully, her head snapping back as his long, hard cock plunged into her again and again. In this position, he could penetrate her deeply and he took full advantage, his thick cock sliding in deeper and deeper. Their bodies glistened with sweat, her buttocks making a loud slapping noise as his cock pistoned in and out of her, glistening with her overflowing juices. 

"Oh, oh, oh!" she wailed, her body aching for release now, her knuckles whitening as her hands grasped the futon like she was afraid she'd fall off. Selen could feel her heart thumping and her muscles tensing as the waves of pleasure radiated out from her hot pussy.

"Don't stop, please don't stop!" she begged desperately, as his powerful thighs thrust faster and faster, his prick deeper and deeper, her muscles burning, her back arching, her breath coming in great sobbing gasps. 

"Yes, yes..." she wailed, she was so close now, her teeth clenching, her body desperately craving release.

"Yes! Yes! YES!" she screamed as she came, her heart thumping like a drum, her body jerking and twisting, all the sexual tensions of the day swept away by a tsunami of pure ecstasy.

Hassan felt a surge of relief as he watched her lithe young body twist and shudder, her back arching, her pussy tightening spasmodically around his swollen cock. She threw her head back and sobbed with pleasure as her pussy tightly squeezed him, sending him over the edge. With a few, final desperate thrusts he came too, his hot pearly spunk spilling into the depths of her wetness.

When she returned from the bathroom, Selen blew out the candles. Luckily there was a full moon, and as her eyes adjusted she could make out his still form lying prone on the futon, his chest slowly rising and falling. 

"Ready for round two, tiger?" she whispered, gently nibbling his ear as she lay down next to him. His only answer was a faint snoring as he rolled away from her. She was still feeling horny and lay there for a while feeling dissatisfied and wondering if she shouldn't wait till morning. Then she had a better idea.
