 The following is a brief description of how Gloria became a gorgeous, super-sexy nymphomaniac, if you missed the first episode entitled "Gloria's Transformation - the Gym". 

Gloria is transformed by a brilliant geneticist in a quest to create the woman of his dreams. She becomes a gorgeous blonde with lactating, 32S breasts, a huge booty measuring 48 inches, and a waist of 22 inches. Her erogenous zones become immensely more sensitive and include her mouth, throat, and entire bosom. Her vagina grows longer, and nerve endings cover its entire length and her womb. The tissues of her vaginal and intestinal walls become much softer and thicker. The amount of milk and vaginal cream she produces are extreme. 

Unintentionally, her sex drive becomes so excessively high that she becomes addicted to sex. Her hypersexuality manifests itself in the following: It takes two hours of coitus to satisfy her, during which she has continual orgasms, and she desires three sessions a day. She is easily highly aroused, loses all inhibitions, and develops an extreme love of male sexuality. She is an obsessive exhibitionist and also has an excessive size fetish. She becomes a masochist but avoids acts that would injure her. She is very submissive and acquires an overwhelming desire to sexually please men, so not only is she willing to do almost anything her partner wants, she enjoys it. 

She loves money, has absolutely no morals, and becomes a highly paid call girl and private entertainer. She becomes wealthy and immensely popular. The following is another episode in her new life.

Terrill

Gloria's throat is sore for a week after Terrill's throat fucking and choking of her at the gym. Every time she thinks about Terrill and his huge, black cock and what he did to her, she gets excited. She regrets not getting his number, but he finally calls her and asks to see her.

"I would love you to fuck me again, Terrill! How about tonight at my house? I'll rearrange my schedule and send my limo to pick you up"

"Okay. Can I bring my homies?"

"You can do whatever you want."

She greets them at the door naked and wet between her legs. Her exposure to his gawking friends, and their reaction to her, cause her pussy to start overflowing. Her pussy cream is very white and the men notice a white stream starting to run down her leg. She says, "Hi, come in!" Five young black men and Terrill walk inside and stand around staring at her and the milk dripping from her huge breasts, and the cream running down her leg. She walks up to Terrill, feels his cock through his pants, and kisses him passionately, getting his shirt wet from her milk. Her cream now reaches the floor. Terrill puts his finger in her pussy, and brings it to his mouth.

"You taste great. Boys, get a taste of her."

She walks up to each boy, smiles and kisses them, while they stick a finger in her pussy and taste her.

"Damn, Terrill, you weren't fooling about her!"

They are very much impressed with her and the lavish house that she just bought from the income from her whoring. Her mansion is unique in having tile flooring throughout, since she frequently drips fluids wherever she is.

"I'm glad you like me. Let me of offer you boys a drink!" She squeezes one of her breasts to produce a spray of milk. "Would you like some of my milk?"

"Hell, yes", everyone says. 

She doesn't ask their names, and Terrill never introduces them, remembering that she never asked the men who fucked her at the gym for their names. It's more exciting for her to fuck complete strangers, so she wants to keep them strangers. She leads one of the boys to sit on the sofa, and the others follow. She straddles him, aims a boob at his mouth, and sprays milk into it when he opens it. Then she pushes her nipple into his mouth and says "Moo!" to everyone's merriment. She hasn't milked herself for three hours, to give them more milk to play with, and her breasts ache terribly. He starts suckling enthusiastically and squeezing her huge ass. He quickly undoes his pants and enters her very sloppy pussy. She moans loudly.

"Oh, yeah, fuck me!"

He begins lifting her slowly up and down on his cock with his hands on her ass, keeping a nipple in his mouth, and she moans each time her pussy meets his lap. Soon her cream is all over where their two bodies meet, making a loud slopping sound each time they meet. She lets him suck and fuck her long enough to give her several orgasms. She then moves on to the next boy on the sofa, who are all naked now. When she spreads her legs to mount each boy, they can see her entire public area is covered with her cream, which drips onto them and the sofa. When she dismounts each boy, his groin is covered with her white cream, and creamy streams can be seen running over his balls onto the sofa. Her legs are weak from her orgasms, but thankfully she doesn't have to move far to mount the next boy. When she finally straddles Terrill, she flicks her hair to the side as women can do so alluringly, presses her breasts against him, and gives him a very long, passionate French kiss.

"Oh, Terrill, I love your big, black cock! I hope I can please you and your boys tonight!"

She still has plenty of milk for him, so she sticks one of her nipples in his mouth. He suckles from both her tits, then says 

"Suck on me!"

She kneels on the floor before him, pressing her gigantic breasts against his legs and the sofa. Her heart races with excitement as she lifts his semi-erect cock up to her mouth, and pulls back his foreskin. He has even more pungent smegma on his cock then he had at the gym. 

"I haven't cleaned under my foreskin since I saw you last."

"Great!"

She enjoys licking and sucking all the odorous smegma off, and smiles and licks her lips. The boys yell "Yuck!", not believing she just did that. She starts the foreplay by teasing his head with her tongue and lips and making loud sucking sounds between her pursed lips and his cock. As she moves her head up and down on his cock, she demonstrates her mind-blowing pleasure by adding to her loud moans other "sound effects" - uuuhh, ooohh, ahhh, and waugh - while she smacks, slurps, slobbers, pants, drools, and gasps to add to the show and his enjoyment. She sucks one of her tits to get more fluid in her mouth, to make her slurping sounds louder. She wants to do everything she can to please him, since she is in lust with his cock. His 11 inches give her much more stimulation than other men, since he is thicker and reaches further into her pussy or throat. His size is also immensely arousing for her due to her size fetish, and she is also very attracted to black men. She thinks they are cool looking and acting and many of them are very well endowed.

"Okay, boys, start fucking her but blow in her mouth."

One of boys starts fucking her pussy doggy style, and Terrill places both his hands on Gloria's head and takes over. Her cream runs down her legs and drips onto the floor, forming a pool, and the loud slopping sounds from her pussy adds to the sounds of her mouth being fucked. When he moves her head all the way off his cock, she looks into his eyes and moans loudly until her head is forced again down and her "mmmm" is changed and muffled by his cock. He slowly makes her take more and more of his cock, and she starts to gasp when her head comes off his cock. He cannot get her head low enough to take all of him, because of her huge breasts. She is lost in another world with her intense orgasms, so he tells his boy to move her, allowing her breasts to hang down over the edge of the sofa. Immediately she is taking all of him, and her nose is being buried in his pubic hair. Her moans get even louder, and her orgasms grow even more intense. 

The boy is ready to cum in twenty minutes. He pulls out of her pussy, Terrill turns her head, and the boy shoves his cock head in her mouth and blows. She is impressed by the size of his load.

"I told my boys to save their semen just for you. Let's move to the bedroom." 

She holds her hand against her lips to show she is keeping his load in her mouth as Terrill carries her into the bedroom and puts her on her back on her bed, with her head hanging down over the side. She is terribly excited knowing she is about to get his huge cock down her throat again.

"Keep fucking her, boys."

Her orgasms start again as soon as he slowly pushes his huge cock down her throat, and grow when her pussy is again penetrated by another homey. Her cream overflows her pussy, runs down her ass onto the bed in a steady white stream, and produces more loud slurping sounds. Terrill starts deep throating her, and she reaches a new high from some many incredible orgasms. He fucks her throat for 15 minutes, sometimes fast, sometimes slow, sometimes really slow. Then he stops with his cock deep inside her, cutting off her air. The boys love watching her vain attempts to breathe and the "awk" sounds she is making. They can see her throat and chest muscles clench as she tries to suck air in around his cock. Her aching for air becomes more and more intense with each moment. Her masochism and the fact that Terrill's huge cock is choking her make it incredible exciting for her. Her enjoyment surpasses that at the gym because this time, Terrill has not blown yet and is bigger, and she is getting her pussy fucked while being choked. She has so many intense orgasms, she loses her senses. 

He waits for the longest time while she struggles for air and finally withdraws his cock. Terrill and the boys then enjoy her violent gasps and loud moans. They film her with their cell phones. She of course sucks lots of semen down her trachea and begins fits of coughing. The semen makes loud gurgling sounds with each huge out breath. She does not swallow the semen she coughs up or the semen in her mouth. She knows the semen adds to the men's enjoyment of her torment. 

While she is still gasping, he rams his cock suddenly down her throat again and holds it there, timing it with one of her huge inbreaths of air. She sucks more semen into her trachea, as was intended. Her fitful coughs turn to numerous spasms in her throat and chest, as she expels the last of the air in her lungs. He enjoys the tightening of her throat around his cock with each spasm. 

Soon the boy in her pussy is ready to come, so they both withdraw, and the boy shoots semen into her mouth while she is gasping. A few of his ejaculations occur when she is breathing in, so she gets more semen down her trachea. She begins gurgling loudly with every out breath and starts coughing continually. Terrill continues ramming his cock into her, and enjoys the extra tightness her coughs provide. Sometimes she coughs at the same time his cock is being rammed into her, blowing out her cheeks and ejaculating semen from her mouth. His homies continue to fuck her and ejaculate into her mouth until all five boys have done so. Semen foam covers her entire face, runs into her nose, and flows down over her eyes into her hair. 

Slowly she begins to drown in their semen. Her gasps are not providing enough air, create loud wheezing and gurgling sounds, and mainly just move the semen back and forth in her throat. And her coughing puts her more into oxygen deprivation. Her lips turn blue, so he turns her over so that her head and breasts hang down over the edge of the bed. Gobs of semen drain from her mouth. She coughs up more semen and gasps and gasps for air. Long filaments of their sticky semen are suspended between her lips, chin, and the floor, and when one falls off, another one forms. Her face is covered with semen foam, but she makes no effort to clean herself. But she does wipe the semen from her eyes so she can open them and enjoy the guys' stares. Her facial color and breathing gradually return to normal, and he pulls her back fully onto the bed.

"Wow, I've never choked on that much semen before. I loved it! Now, Terrill, fuck me, please!"

She sticks her ass up in the air and spreads her legs. He puts several pillows under her ass and enters her from the rear. He spreads her huge ass even wider as he puts his weight on her, pulls on her hips, and rams his cock into her. She screams with ecstasy and pain when his entire 11 inches is inside her pussy. He wants to impress his homies, so he tries to last as along as he can, and succeeds in fucking her for over a half hour. He puts on a show for his boys and puts her into every position he can think of, especially the ones that show off her massive breasts and ass. One of his favorite positions is in her huge bathroom. There he pounds her ass, while she is bent over, and everyone watches her breasts swing wildly in the mirrors and take cell phone videos. In another memorable position, four boys support her in mid air on her back, while Terrill fucks her pussy and one lucky boy fucks her throat. Terrill and his boy synchronize their thrusts. Everyone has a great view of her breasts, as she squeezes them, making them squirt. The boy can't resist holding his cock in her throat to watch her labored and wheezing breathing around his cock. Terrill and the boy in her throat have a contest to see who can give her the most orgasms. They take turns fucking her for five minutes while she counts out her orgasms on her fingers for them. Terrill, of course, wins, having the bigger cock.

When Terrill finally blows, his homies want her a second time. She asks them how they want her. They all want her asshole and throat, so she lets one boy fuck her throat. When he has had enough, she lets him have her asshole, while another boy mounts her throat. They want to do her in the reverse order, but she is smart enough to say no. All the boys are enthralled by watching her struggle to breathe while they hold their cocks in her throat, and her orgasms become bigger when they do. Cream is all over her ass due to the previous fucking, and the first boy slips right into her asshole. He fucks her ass for a good 20 minutes, so she takes cream from her pussy and relubricates herself and his cock repeatedly, to make it more enjoyable for him. When she is struggling to breathe, she doesn't do it, and her ass fucking becomes painful, adding to her pleasure. However, he doesn't like the dry fuck and does the transfer of cream himself. After the first two boys, there is enough semen up her ass that she doesn't need more lubrication. They do her with her lying on her side and her head on a pillow, which is soon soaked with her saliva. Her ass is so wide, the boys have to put a pillow under their hips to get their cocks level with her asshole. 

They all fall asleep. In the morning, she is thrilled to feel a cock spreading apart her vaginal lips. There is enough semen and cream still left in her from last night to allow him to slip easily inside her. She opens her eyes and sees one of the homies on top of her. She says 

"I love the way you wake up a girl!"

He says nothing and starts enjoying fucking her. He knows she is still full of semen, because he can feel the resistance to his cock change dramatically as he thrusts in and out of her pussy. Blobs of Terrill's semen move around inside her pussy and suddenly change her lubricity during intercourse. It is one of the weird things about sloppy seconds. Terrill wakes up.

"How about some breakfast?"

"My housekeeper, mmm, will make it, mmm, for you. I'll join you, mmm, when he, mmm, finishes, ahhh, with me!" She still doesn't know the boys names.

After he blows, they join the others in the kitchen.

"Terrill, I want to give you and the boys two special treats. I want your bladders full for one of them, so drink lots of water or juice."

She disappears and they find her on her bed, holding a douche bad with a tube stuck in her ass. She and Terrill put five bags inside her while everyone watches her belly slowly grow. The last three bags Terrill forces into her, causing her much pain. She looks about six months pregnant when Terrill puts a butt plug in her. The pain and pressure in her bowels cause her orgasms to begin. She sits up, leans back, strokes and holds her belly, and starts groaning and moaning. The pain, the pressure, and her exhibitionism give her continual, big orgasms. Everyone admires and fondles her big belly, as she lies on the bed. They push on her bulge to make it move and poke it hard to feel how soft it is. She says "ahhh" each time they poke and push her but then smiles at them, letting them know she enjoys the additional pain they cause her and encouraging them to do it again. She rolls over on her hands and knees, so they can take turns making her groan by pushing on her butt plug.

Terrill lies down on the bed, and she mounts his cock, slowly lowering her pussy onto his 11 inches. All the boys marvel at the sight of his dick slowing disappearing inside her. She screams from the pleasure and pain as she feels his cock penetrate her cervix. Her transformation has given her thousands of nerve endings where other women have none. Her cervix opening is so small compared to his cock, they cannot believe the sensations they both enjoy when he enters her womb. That extra pleasure, that no other man can give her, is one of the reasons she is in love with his cock. Her belly gets even bigger with him inside her. She looks down and sees and feels the extra bulge his cock produces in her belly. 

She starts fucking him, moving up and down on his cock, with her hands behind her and leaning back to show off her belly. Her pain and pressure increase each time she forces his cock inside her. Her breasts are also wonderfully displayed in that position. She particularly enjoys moving up until she feels his cock head pop out of her cervix, and then rapidly ramming it back inside her cervix and filling her womb. He fondles her belly, while she moans and moans with huge orgasms. After a while, she leans forward so his cock is vertical, rises up until his cock head is just inside her, then falls down onto his groin. She screams when she crashes down onto him and he is all the way inside her womb, so loudly that her bodyguard comes to check on her. 

After about 10 minutes, she is exhausted, so she puts her hands on his chest and stops. He grabs her huge ass and fucks her for another 30 minutes. Her cream is all over Terrill's groin and has soaked the bed. After Terrill blows, she lies on her back on top of two pillows to make her belly prominent and spreads her legs for the boys to mount her. The homies lie on top of her and fuck her one at a time. They place their hands behind the small of her back and smash their bellies into hers with each thrust, enjoying causing her pain. She groans loudly and grimaces with each of their thrusts, to add to their enjoyment. Sometimes they remain all the way inside her and start increasing their pull on her. She opens her mouth and eyes wider and wider as they pull harder and harder, until she screams with pain. She loves the pain and smiles and moans when they release her, so they pull themselves into her belly again and again. Her butt plug leaks when they are pulling hard on her, and enema fluid adds to the cream and semen all over the sheets. It takes the homies an hour and a half to all finish with her. She gets up, keeping her legs together to keep their semen inside her, holding her red and sore belly, and moves to her huge, walk-in shower.

"Terrill, I want a piss shower!"

She sits down on the floor in the shower, while the boys gather around her. Terrill straddles her legs, and she grabs his cock, aims it at the top of her head, smiles, and waits for his urine. She moves his cock around her head, soaking her beautiful hair, and her orgasms begin again. Then she aims his piss stream at her breasts and big belly and at her closed mouth. She directs his urine stream back and forth across her lips, splattering his urine all over her face, getting some in her eyes, stinging them. Then she opens her mouth and feels his warm urine hit the back of it. Her excitement increases so suddenly, she gasps and moans loudly, and enjoys a huge orgasm. Her mouth soon overflows with his piss, sending urine down her chin and neck and dripping onto her body. She starts swallowing his warm urine and her huge orgasms continue. 
