 The following is a brief description of how Gloria became a gorgeous, super-sexy nymphomaniac, if you missed the first episode entitled "Gloria's Transformation - the Gym". 

Gloria is transformed by a brilliant geneticist in a quest to create the woman of his dreams. She becomes a gorgeous blonde with lactating, 32S breasts, a huge booty measuring 48 inches, and a waist of 22 inches. Her erogenous zones become immensely more sensitive and include her mouth, throat, and entire bosom. Her vagina grows longer, and nerve endings cover its entire length and her womb. The tissues of her vaginal and intestinal walls become much softer and thicker. The amount of milk and vaginal cream she produces is extraordinary. 

Unintentionally, her sex drive becomes so excessively high that she becomes addicted to sex. Her hypersexuality manifests itself in the following: It takes two hours of coitus to satisfy her, during which she has continual orgasms, and she desires three sessions a day. She is easily highly aroused, loses all her inhibitions, and develops an extreme love of male sexuality. She is an obsessive exhibitionist and also has an excessive size fetish. She becomes an extreme masochist but avoids acts that would injure her. She is totally submissive and acquires an overwhelming desire to please men, so not only is she willing to do almost anything her partner wants, she immensely enjoys it. 

The following is another episode in her new life.

The Club

When Gloria is no longer sore from Terrill's latest fucking, she calls him for their planned, hip-hop nightclub date. She can't wait to exhibit herself at a hip-hop club, which will give her an audience of her favorite kind of men - blacks.

"Terrill, I'm ready for that nightclub. Shall I pick you and your homies up in my limo on Friday? Great, I'll see you at 9!"

Terrill and his five homies climb into her limo and are once again astonished by Gloria. She is absolutely ravishing, with her shoulder length, naturally blonde, curly hair, a white, low cut, very sheer top over a very short skirt, and a black, shelf bra that exposes the entire upper half of her huge breasts. She has not milked herself for over three hours, and her bra is too small for the size her breasts have swollen to with her milk. The overhead lights are on in the limo, and they can see the wet spots in her top and bra near her nipples. The homies sit towards the front of the limo and Terrill and Gloria sit in the wide reclining back seat. Terrill starts kissing her and fingering her creamy pussy.

"You taste great tonight!" 

"Allow me to provide some entertainment for the road. Why don't you guys suck my milk?" 

She pulls her bra and top down under her breasts, and the guys take turns sitting next to her and sucking her on breasts. 

Her orgasms begin as soon as the first mouth touches her nipples, and she moans and moans. 

"Gloria, I think you're going to like the club. It's actually a social club. There is R&B dancing on the ground floor, and the second floor is for sex."

"Can guys, hmmm, watch me, hmmm, having sex?"

"Oh yeah, the largest room on the 2nd floor has a big window, and a crowd is always there. But only couples are allowed in the rooms."

They arrive at the club, and Gloria puts her breasts back in her bra, but waits until she gets out of the limo, to show everyone in the parking lot her gorgeous breasts. Her cream forms a stream down her leg that reaches her knee by the time they walk inside the club, but it is barely visible in the dark. She is only 5 ft 2, so not everyone in the club can see her, but those who do, can't take their eyes off her due to: 1) her stunning beauty and figure, and 2) she being the only white person in the entire club. She is ecstatic to see so many good-looking blackmen, who quickly form a crowd around her.

"Are they real?"

"Sure"

"No way! Can I touch them?"

"Sure, you all can!"

Two, three, and four at a time, the men around her fondle her breasts and make them jiggle. She raises her arms above her head and thoroughly enjoys the lechery she sees in all their eyes and their rough handling of her boobs. All the flesh on her breasts, not just her nipples, is a highly sensitive erogenous zone, thanks to her transformation. She swings her hips to the music to jiggle her breasts, as she turns around slowly to give everyone a chance to ogle her and feel her breasts. 

"Wow, they're real, alright!"

"Come on, Terrill, let's dance!"

They walk up on the stage that serves as the dance floor, and she loves the floor-to-ceiling mirror on the backside and the pole in the middle. Now all the guys in the club can see her, and loud catcalls begin. The women in the club all glare at her. She enjoys the men's comments and whistles, which continue for some time, and smiles at the crowd and waves. The stage is lighted, so they can see the large wet spots in her top below each nipple and the trickle of cream on her leg that now reaches the floor. She becomes so aroused by the crowd that she can't resist pulling her top and bra down below her breasts and spraying milk for the crowd. The shouts and applause drown out even the loud DJ music. 

"You're going to get yourself kicked out. Wait until you're upstairs."

She reluctantly puts her boobs back in her bra, and starts dancing with Terrill. As she gyrates with the music, her heavy breasts swing forcibly, causing her pain and increasing the milk flowing from her nipples. She enjoys the pain and shaking her booty to the beat, but most of all enjoys arousing her audience with her body. She turns away from Terrill, bends over completely, spreads her legs, and puts her hands on the floor. Her skirt is short enough to expose most of her huge booty to the crowd, until Terrill steps up to her, and presses his crotch into her booty. She "backs that thing up" for him, and they dance for the longest time with her hands on the floor and his crotch in her booty. 

When she finally stands up straight, her boobs are on top of her bra and top, completely exposing her big nipples and breasts to the crowd. She coyly puts a hand to her mouth and smiles and puts her babies back in her bra. She notices Terrill's bulge in his pants is covered with her white cream. She points to it and laughs. All this is too much for the crowd, and three guys walk up to Terrill to cut in on the dance. Gloria moves over to one of the guys and dances so close to him that her nipples press against him, getting him wet with her milk. He kisses her passionately and fingers her pussy, while she feels his cock through his pants. They continue dancing close for a long while, looking into each other's eyes. 

"Let's go upstairs!"

He grabs her wrist and runs off the dance floor with her and up the stairs. She doesn't resist at all because she felt a sizable cock in his pants and a wet spot from his precum. And she is so excited, she can't stand it. Her cream is dripping onto the floor from her shoes.

He leads her to a private room, but she steers them into the room with the large window. The crowd in front of the window whistle at her and grows much larger with guys that followed Gloria upstairs. As she is walking through the crowd, she uses her free hand to push her bra and top down under her breasts, to enjoy the looks she gets from all the guys. Some guys reach out to touch her breasts as she walks by. She relishes being touched intimately by total strangers. When they enter the room, Gloria leads her lover to the window, gets on her knees, pulls down his pants to his knees, and swallows his cock. She makes sure they are sideways to the window so everyone has a good view of her pretty, lipsticked lips all over his big, black penis. He is not as big as Terrill, but he is plenty big enough to terribly excite Gloria, as she sucks and sucks on his cock and squeezes his balls. No one can see it except her lover, but her cream drips from her pussy as she cums again and again.

They move over to the bed next to another couple, who stop what they are doing and just watch them. Gloria's lover takes off his pants, lies down, and she mounts him, giving out a moan that is loud enough for the guys outside the room to hear when he enters her extremely sloppy pussy. She rides his cock, swinging her breasts for the crowd and moaning extra loud so they can hear. The sloshing sounds of her overflowing pussy are enjoyed by the couples in the room. After about ten minutes, she notices he is getting close to cumming. One thing she dislikes about dancing with her partners and giving them a show is that they are sometimes so excited, they do not last long. Oh well, she thinks, I'll just have to fuck more of them!

"Don't cum in me. I want a facial!"

She dismounts him, moves them over to the window, strokes his cock, and aims his ejaculate onto her face. She wants to do the aiming to avoid semen in her eyes. She wants to be able to see to enjoy the reactions of her audience. When they leave the room, she keeps her breasts outside her bra, and a crowd gathers around her. There is enough light to allow them to ogle the semen on her face, the filaments dangling from her chin, the globs of semen on her breasts, the milk dripping from her nipples, and the cream running down her leg. She is of course bombarded by requests to re-enter the room, and guys grab both her wrists.

"No, I want to dance some more!"

They would have dragged her back into the room despite her protests, but her muscular bodyguard/driver and Terrill are standing next to her, and they know better. They release her, and she walks up to a tall, handsome man.

"Let's dance!"

They walk down the stairs together, while everyone says, "lucky bastard!" She puts her boobs back in her bra and diverts to the ladies' room to wipe the globs of semen from her breasts and the cream off her shoes. She keeps as much of the semen on her breasts as she can and just removes the big blobs that might drop onto the floor as she dances. She does not remove the cream on her legs for the look, but thinks it might spoil her expensive shoes. She also removes her bra and wrings the milk out of it. The other women in the bathroom glare at her in awe, envy, and disapproval. She keeps the semen on her face and hopes the drips on her chin will dry in place before falling off. As she replaces her lipstick, she admires her semen accessory as especially erotic, and thinks it should come in a bottle, but that would deprive her of some cocksucking. She uses a mouthwash spray to remove the cock from her breath, and happily rejoins her next lover. He has a drink ready for her, which she gulps down as the men around her stare at and converse with her. They all want to know her name, where she lives, her number, etc. 

She doesn't have time to answer any of the guys, since her new lover pulls her onto the stage before she even finishes her drink. The catcalls begin again, this time mentioning the semen visible on her face. She experiments with different things to entice her audience as she dances, holding her breasts, covering her nipples with her hands, putting her hands on the back of her head and leaning back. She can tell when the crowd appreciates what she does by the noise level. They especially like it when she turns away from them, spreads her legs, bends over almost all the way, and spreads her ass checks apart to show them her genitalia and booty. They also love her pole dancing. She pulls down her bra and top, puts the pole between her breasts, and swings back and forth so that her breasts hit the pole and spray milk. She also puts the pole against her chest, and squeezes her breasts together around the pole, then slides up and down on the pole. She of course fears being ejected from the club, and soon puts her boobs back inside her bra and top. 

She knows and does all the funky, dirty dance moves. The crowd especially loves it when she faces them, spreads her legs, leans back, bends her knees, and makes pelvic thrusts to the music. The trails of cream down the inside of her legs are clearly visible in this position too. When she thrusts up, her skirt flies up, exposing her entire pussy to the crowd. Her cream can be seen all over her labia from her previous fucking. The crowd moves to line themselves up with her beaver shots, so she rotates around to show everyone. She thinks about leaning all the way back and supporting her weight on her hands, but fears she'll get ejected. She places her hands near her pussy and around an imaginary dildo and moves them in and out to mimic being penetrated. She opens wide her mouth and eyes in coordination with the inward movement of her hands. She pushes a cheek out with her tongue and coordinates it with the motion of her hand moving toward and away from her mouth. She takes her bra off, throws it to her driver, and dances with just her sheer top, causing her breasts to swing even more. Her milk now drips from her nipples instead of being absorbed by her bra and trickling down her stomach. She feels even more pain now when her breasts suddenly change direction, but it is arousing for her. When her dance partner pulls her off the stage to go up stairs, she is ready for another fucking.

When she gets inside the room, she does what she was craving to do downstairs. She quickly undresses in front of the window, and repeats her dirty dancing, but this time she leans back all the way, supports herself with her hands behind her, spreads her legs, and moves her pelvic region up and down with the music. She is terribly excited by displaying her beautiful vagina that is dripping cream and semen onto the floor. She lies on the edge of the bed facing the window, spreads her legs wide, and spreads her labia lips with her fingers to show them her clitoris and gaping hole. She can hear their catcalls from inside the room. Her cream production increases and flows from her pussy as she experiences orgasms from just being watched by her audience. She turns her head and lets her latest partner fuck her mouth, and her orgasms get more intense. He quickly moves to her pussy and fucks her for a good fifteen minutes. She gets him to change to different positions on the bed to entertain her guys. When she is on top, she is tired from the dancing, and lets him do all the motion. He blows a huge load in her pussy.

His semen starts coming out of her as she exits the room, so she walks with her legs closely together. She wishes there were a bathroom on the 2nd floor. She meets Terrill in the hallway.

"I need to pee. Shall I use the bathroom?"

"Oh, no, please don't!"

She turns around and re-enters the room, still keeping her legs together. She quickly strips again in front of the window. She kneels before Terrill, unzips his fly, pulls his cock out, and holds it a few inches from her open mouth. When he starts peeing in her mouth, she can hear people on the outside shouting, "Look at this!", and women inside the room whisper "I can't believe this slut!" She enjoys the shocked looks and the orgasms swallowing his urine give her and puts his cockhead in her mouth when his urine stream gets weak and falls onto her breasts. She sucks the end of his cock clean of urine, shakes his cock off against the insides of her cheeks, and puts it back in his pants. She wants to pull back his foreskin and eat his smegma, but she is afraid no one will kiss her if they see that. Terrill hands her a towel, and she wipes his urine from her breasts, lips, hands, and chin. She puts her clothes back on and walking with her legs together again, leaves the room with Terrill. 

"Thanks, I needed a drink! Ha" 

When she finally gets to the ladies' room, semen and cream are running down her leg. The women smell her and make cutting comments. She washes the urine off herself, uses her mouthwash, wipes the globs of semen from her legs, and returns to the crowd. She selects another dance partner and repeats the sequence of dancing and fucking until close to the closing time of 2 AM. For her last partner, she chooses Terrill. They don't dance again but just walk up to the room. She takes all her clothes off at the head of the stairs, to enjoy the reaction of the crowd and to be ready for Terrill's fucking. He is still fucking her when they hear the DJ announce the closing.

"Let's finish in my limo."

"What about my homies?"

"Oh, they can have me too, of course."

They walk out of the club to her limo, followed by Terrill's homies and a large crowd. The crowd gathers around her, and she strips all her clothes off. The catcalls begin again and continue as she rotates around and strokes her boobs for them. The crowd grows to 36 guys. She looks them over, sees how handsome they mostly are, and decides to gangbang them all. She smiles broadly at them. 

"All you guys are next!"

She climbs into the limo, followed by Terrill, and she reclines on the large back seat. She tells her driver to turn on all the overhead lights and some quiet R&B music and open the doors and windows. Terrill mounts her again and resumes fucking her. His homies sit forward in the limo to watch the action. The crowd gathers around to watch through the doors, and they easily can hear her loud moans. The sloshing sounds of her wet pussy are loud enough to be heard above the soft music. She is tired from all the dancing and fucking, and just lies there in the seat as Terrill fucks her. 

When Terrill is done with her, she lies on her back across the seat. One of his homies mounts her, and another homie kneels next to her head. She turns her head, and the homey starts fucking her mouth while she squeezes his scrotum and fondles his balls. The slopping sounds from her pussy get louder as semen and cream build up in her pussy. A river of cream and semen flows down her ass crack and in between her ass and the soft leather seat. Sucking sounds from the semen and cream between her booty and seat adds to her pussy sounds whenever she moves her ass. She doesn't swallow their semen, and semeny foam comes out her mouth and flows down the side of her face. 

Some of the homies of course suck on her boobs before they mount her. And some of them choose to fuck her in her ass. They put her legs on their shoulders and push to raise up her ass, so they can slide their dicks into her asshole. Her legs are against her boobs, and she sprays milk with each one of their thrusts. The river of semen flowing down from her pussy provides more than ample lubrication. When Terrill's homies finish with her, she is still a long way from being satisfied, but she wants a break. She asks for help to get out of the seat, since her ass is stuck to it by all the semen and cream. She keeps her legs close together to hold their semen inside her. She likes the extra sounds semen makes while she is being fucked, and the more she has inside her, the sexier she feels.

She steps out of the limo, completely naked, and all the guys make lecherous comments that excite her. She walks away from the limo into the crowd, puts her arms straight up and rotates around, showing off her huge breasts and booty, the milk dripping from her nipples, and the semen dripping from her booty and face and running down her leg. She stands motionless while guys take turns fondling her breasts, sucking on her nipples, grabbing her booty, and sticking fingers in her pussy and asshole. Some guys grab her hips and pull her booty into their groins, getting semen and cream on their pants. After a while, she squats down, and a big glob of semen drops from her pussy as she spreads her legs to pee. 

"Are you guys ready to fuck me?"

"Hell yeah!"

"Follow me!"

As Gloria walks back to the limo, guys touch her breasts and pinch her booty as she smiles at them. She bends over more than necessary and freezes for a moment to let them ogle her booty, then climbs back in the limo. She makes a loud splat when she lies down again across the seat in the semen and cream. The crowd forms two lines near each door of the limo. The guys at the head of each line take off their pants, climb inside, and mount Gloria's mouth and pussy or ass. She is terribly aroused by letting total strangers fuck her, and her orgasms are huge. 
