 Please see the first episode entitled "Gloria's Transformation -- the Gym" for the explanation of Gloria's genetic transformation into a gorgeous, voluptuous, totally uninhibited nymphomaniac, with many perverse sexual impulses, including hypersexuality, size fetishism, exhibitionism, masochism, voyeurism, androphilia, and submissiveness. She submitted reluctantly to a second set of genetic alterations, as described in "Gloria's Transformations -- the Freak." 

Her large booty, nipples, and boobs were further enlarged, and her waist shrunk, giving her a stunning 81-21-71 figure. The lactation of each of her 36Z boobs doubled to two liters of milk every hour. The central milk duct in each breast was enlarged and made deep and highly expandable. Her nipples were made very long, elastic, and thick. Her cream production tripled, and the sensitivity of her erogenous zones and her sex drive greatly enhanced.

Gloria Becomes the BBC Slut of a Group of Bros

Gloria and Terrill are reclining on their swimming pool deck on two adjacent lounge chairs. She is wearing only a black bikini top that reveals the entire upper half her bulbous boobs. She is her usual ravishing self, even in the direct sunlight. In a rare moment for him, Terrill is not ogling her ass or milky boobs, but is bewitched by her beautiful blonde hair, the fringes of which are glowing in the evening sun.

"Darling, we need to talk about how we can deal with two big changes in me from my last genetic treatment. My previously sky high sex drive has slowly been increasing since the start of my treatment, as you know, and now it is astronomical! And my debut party last night has made me realize I want and need a lot more sex than just you and some parties. I have been dying to have more big black cocks from the moment our party ended! And now I'm going crazy with desire, even though you have fucked me hard three times!"

"You know, it was your desire to have my pussy made longer and hyper sensitive all the way to my cervix, and my womb hyper sensitive too. You also had my ass and throat made super sensitive to very deep inside me. You must have wanted me to crave big cocks like yours. Well, you got your wish - I do crave them very much, not just because of my strong size fetish and hypersexuality, but because big cocks give me so much incredible pleasure, especially if they are black. And now my passion for big black cocks has grown into an overwhelming lust! But I have an idea on how to satisfy my lust that I hope you will let me try." 

"But first, let me tell you about the other big change in me. You should have noticed how much more subservient I am. I now have this overpowering desire to be totally submissive. I just love yielding to the will of a studly man and serving him. If a virile stud like you does something to me or tells me to do something that I dislike or even hate, I don't really care, because I so enjoy surrendering to and pleasing a stud. I know it's crazy, but that's the way I am now. But I still like to protest and beg, if I don't like anything, before I acquiesce. That lets me keep some dignity and makes my acquiescence more enjoyable for the guy."

"So, to satisfy both of my desires, I want to become the slut of a large group of big black cock brothers. I want them to fuck me as often and whenever and however they want. I want to service them sexually and serve them anyway they desire. And I want to be their property and submit to all their desires."

"Most of the bros I want are your friends and they are so awesome - handsome, tall, muscular, cool looking and acting, and long lasting, with such fantastically long and thick cocks! And oh my gosh, do they know how to fuck!" 

She can feel her cream flowing, so she spreads her legs and holds them apart for him.

"Look at me! Just thinking about your bros has started me flowing." 

She smiles at Terrill as he watches her cream ooze from her, flow down her ass crack, and start a puddle around her ass. He plays in her cream as she continues.

"There are fifteen brothers, your friends and mine, who I want to serve! I'm sending them to you."

She quickly sends a group of contacts from her phone to his. She is not the stereotypical blonde and is tech savvy. "You may be wondering why Jay is on my list. Remember, he cums in buckets and has huge balls! Please say you'll let me do this! I want it so much!" She smiles broadly at him.

"Sure, babe, I'll let you be the slut of as many brothers as you want." 

"Oh, thank you, dear, so much!" She sits up very suddenly, pauses so he can see her jiggle, then squishes her tits against him to lay on him a very passionate kiss. He loves feeling her wet, soft nipples on his bare chest and her soft hair cascading over him. Her massive tits appear to grow as they are smashed between their two bodies. He likes the milk she leaves on his chest.

"I know my bros will love having you as their slut. But I hope you have thought about all the things you won't like. They will want to pimp you out and breed you."

"Yes, I realize that whoring for them will be one of the tasks I will be forced to do. That may not be too bad, depending on my tricks. And I want to be bred by them! I have been thinking about that, and I want to experience the joy of being impregnated by you and my bros. I am stopping my pills today. You and my bros should enjoy knocking up your white slut, multiple times! I don't care who the father is. Each time I get pregnant, we'll celebrate."

"What? You've changed your mind about having a baby?"

"No, no. I won't stay pregnant long, not with all the long dicks in my womb. You wanted the penetration of my cervix to be painful, and it will be horribly so if I am pregnant. But if I do stay preggie, I'll get abortions, but will wait until I can show off my baby bump. I know purposely getting pregnant just to have a miscarriage or abortion is wrong, but I can't help myself! No one should object to my abortions, because they won't have to wait months to knock me up again." 

"So what do you want me to arrange with your bros?"

"Please give them our land line number and keys to the house. The answering machine will let them know if I am home. Tell them they can come here, in parties of five preferably, and surprise me and have me anytime they want. They can interrupt anything I am doing, even sleeping! If I'm with a client, I will reschedule him, or he can wait and watch a free sex show. If I'm with my girlfriends, won't they be shocked and envious when one or more black hunks start making love to me as soon as they walk through my door and right in front of them? Ha Oh, and please give the bros my cellphone too, so if I'm out, we can meet somewhere. If I'm in bed with you, they can join us or you can watch me with them, okay? How often do you think my bros will want me?" 

"Okay. My bros all have girlfriends, but they love you so much, you will be at the top of their list. I'd say each bro will want you about four times a week, at least for a while."

"Yes! Four times fifteen is 60 fucks a week! That should keep me satisfied. And if it doesn't, I'll just add more bros to my posse. With any luck, I'll be using the bench you gave me with five bros. That would be fantastic! At my debut party, I had five huge cocks at the same time once, and it was out of this world! Getting five big black cocks all at once on a regular basis will be unimaginably awesome!" 

Gloria smiles broadly, closes her eyes, and has a small orgasm solely from her wicked thoughts.

"I know my bros will want to bring their friends here and have parties for you at their places. Is that okay?" 

"Well, I want to serve them, so that means submitting to their friends too. But please tell them I won't like it if they force on me partners who aren't good looking or hung."

"With so many BBCs using me, it will be so easy to mix business with pleasure and use them for sex shows for my rich clients. I'm sure my bros won't mind an audience, when I share the money with them. You know, I will eventually get tired of these bros and want to replace them with others, so I'll need your help with that." 

"Sure, babe. They will want to take you out on gang dates. Those should be a new experience for you. One last thing. Have you thought about how much you will suffer as the slut of so many guys?"

"Yeah, I figure I will get hurt, but I at least I will enjoy submitting to and entertaining the sadistic ones. I know my masochism has gotten stronger, and it should help. And I hope you will keep the sadists from going too far with me."

"Of course! I won't always be there to protect you, but I will tell them if they injure you, they will pay dearly for it."

"You're so good to me, and I am so hot! Please let me have that monster of yours!"

He lifts up his butt, and she pulls off his swimming trunks. She starts kissing his cock and balls as she lies across the lounge chairs, spreading out her tits until she appears to have boobs up to her neck. She decides to give him a better view of her ass, so she folds her legs under her to raise her immense booty high in the air, as she moves his cock head to her lips... 

The Surprise

Gloria makes a call to Terrill. "Honey, I want you home soon. Don't ask me why; it's a surprise!"

"Okay, babe, I'll be there shortly."

When Terrill walks through the front door, he can hear rhythmic noises coming from the master bedroom. Gloria has left all the interior doors open. As he gets closer, he starts hearing loud moaning and sloshing sounds from a very wet pussy. He enters the bedroom and sees Jamal on his knees, holding the hips of his girlfriend, who is bent over on her knees and tits, with her ass in the air. She is jerking forward with each of his thrusts and moaning loudly each time he plunges deep inside her. 

"Oh God, your cock, ahhh, is so huge and feels so good inside me! Ohhhh I love being your slut!"

Terrill can't take his eyes off the large ripples in her ass flesh and the springy reaction of her spread out tits as they absorb his blows. Gloria purposely spread her tits apart as she put her weight on them so her men could see her nipples and their milk sprays.

Jamal sees Terrill first and says, "Hey bro, I was just telling our whooty here how fan-fuckin'-tastic she is!" 

"Hi honey! Ohhhh, I hope you are enjoying, ahhh, your surprise, because, mmmm, I'm loving it!" 

She turns her head and stares directly into Terrill's eyes.

"Oh yeah, Jamal, ahhh, fuck me hard, ohhh, while my boyfriend watches! aaaaa You feel so great! Uuuuh Don't stop, don't ever stop!"

Jamal says, "Bubble Butt, I want you on top now!" 

He withdraws and lies down by her side. She quickly throws a leg over his hips, swaying her massive tits and spraying milk, and positions her pussy on top of his manhood. She closes her eyes and emits a soft "ohhh" with an open mouth as she forcibly sits down on his cock with a very wet sploosh and a splat when some of her cream and his pre-cum are ejected onto his hips. 

Jamal says, "Bro, I make bigger bumps in her pooch than you do!" 

as he points to the bulge now growing in her stomach. Jamal is not as long as Terrill, but is much thicker, and Gloria actually enjoys his cock more, except when he first enters her ass or womb. In fact, Jamal is so huge, she can't get him all the way into her mouth, eventhough she has tried many, many times. Both men are captivated by the bulge in her normally flat belly, so Jamal fucks her slowly for a long time as they gawk at the protrusions in her stomach. Both he and Terrill put a hand on her to feel her stomach swell with each of his thrusts. 

Gloria breathes heavily and enjoys one huge orgasm after another. Then he starts moving his cock even more slowly to better feel her contractions that are actually massaging his cock. He moans from the indescribable sensations that other women can't give him and tries to find just the right spot inside her for his cockhead to maximize his pleasure. When her contractions diminish, he thrusts into her hard several times and then returns to slowly fucking he to continue his massage.

"Okay, Bubble Butt, are you ready for my entire 10 inches?"

"No, please Jamal, it hurts too much when you go deeper, please don't do this, I beg you!" She looks at Terrill, "Please, darling, will you tell him not to fuck my womb?" Gloria knows her bros will enjoy this more if she resists. 

"But babe, you're his slave now, and you must let him do whatever he says." 

Jamal positions his cockhead against her cervix and laughs at her continual pleading. After he and Terrill have enjoyed her begging long enough, Jamal grabs her hips and starts pulling her down onto his fat cock but does it extremely slowly to prolong her agony and their pleasure. Gloria abruptly stops begging and begins a very guttural groaning, followed by a 

"Damn, that hurts! Your cock is so much fatter than Terrill's!" 

Her pain becomes unbearable, and she fills the bedroom with one high pitched scream after another as he slowly forces his huge cockhead through her small cervical opening. She can't believe how slowly he is penetrating her womb and wishes she could fall down on his cock and end her torture. But she knows her two bros are really enjoying her impalement on Jamal's pole and doesn't want to shorten their sadistic pleasure in her torture or displease them. Finally his cock head pops inside her womb, and she emits a powerful sigh, as her pain decreases. 

Her transformation has made her womb extremely sensitive, so her orgasms become mind blowing as he starts thrusting in and out of her womb. Her screams turn to powerful moans mixed with groans as some pain continues. She mixes in some very long, soft, and deep sounds that the bros can't tell are moans or groans. She puts her hands on his chest to balance herself as her body is racked by her intense orgasms. Her breasts begin bouncing up and down but also can be seen to quiver with her orgasms. Her milk spray noticeably increases on each bounce. Both her legs and her huge booty start shaking due to her extreme climaxes. 

She gets lost in her sensual pleasures and her upper body falls forward until her tits rest on and engulf Jamal's head. He lustfully starts sucking, kissing, and licking her shapely and breathtaking breasts. He takes a hand off her hip to grab one of her large nipples and put it in his mouth. Gloria continues in her dream land with her eyes closed for the longest time as Jamal gives her unimaginable pleasures. She thinks about how wonderful it is to be his sex slave and get fucked by him as often as he wants her, even if he does hurt her terribly for a while. 

Gloria is suddenly thrilled by the touch of Terrill's hand on her hip and the pressure of his cockhead against her asshole. She lets out a huge moan as he enters her ass, ramming in all the way and spreading out her wide ass even wider. She can't believe how great it feels to have two huge cocks fucking her at once and wants it to never end. When both their cocks are all the way inside her, she feels so full. It reminds her of how full she felt when her rapists made her sit on a huge dildo. 

It soon becomes a contest between Jamal and Terrill to see who can last longer and give her more orgasms. Jamal complains, 

"But I started doing her a half hour ago!" Terrill counters, "Don't you know how hot it is to share the woman you love with another man?" 

Gloria is so happy to hear that, and a big smile comes over her face. Her head bobs back and forth with their thrusts, causing her hair to cascade over her tits and shoulders. 

Terrill lasts longer, but Gloria says Jamal gave her more orgasms, so they call it a draw. All three lie quietly close together, with Gloria on her back in the middle and the guys on their sides facing her, in the afterglow of their mind blowing sex. Jamal speaks.

"Okay, Bubble Butt, who's cock feels better?"

"Yours, Jamal, it's so much thicker, but it sure is painful going through my cervix."

Jamal loves how her breasts tower above his head and how they move as she breathes heavily and trickle milk onto him and the sheets. He is in love with her too. 

As he is dressing to leave, Jamal asks Gloria why she begged the party goers to keep fucking her at the end of her debut party, after so many hours of sex. She reveals to him her hypersexuality and extreme sexual desires, which she will come to regret. 

The Date 

Jamal organizes Gloria's first date with her new masters. Her stretch limo has room for ten passengers, so he arranges a date with Gloria and eight other bros. He tells the bros they can invite two of their friends to meet them at a social club that is a natural choice for the evening. The club has a predominately black clientele and allows sex everywhere on the property. He calls the club owner to inform him he is bringing a large group.

As each bro climbs into her limo, they pause to ogle Gloria, sitting in the back seat, and kiss and compliment her. She is radiant, as usual, in a black shelf bra, a sheer black top, and very short skirt. Her bra is not for support, which she doesn't need, but to accentuate her boobs, which is also unneeded, given their colossal size and their gravity defying shape. Her bra also lessens her pain during sex, at least until men take it off to allow her heavy boobs to bounce more. Her short top hangs loosely down from the sides of her breasts and exposes the lower portions of her breasts. The protrusions of her huge nipples through her top are so prominent and her nipples so exposed through the translucent, wet material that the men can't take their eyes off them. 

As the bros are being picked up, Gloria is aroused when they all constantly stare at her nipples and breasts, even when they are talking to other bros or her. She spreads her legs wide, giving everyone a bare beaver shot, to see if she can distract some of the bros from her chest, and chuckles when she cannot. Her mini skirt ends just below her pussy and leaves uncovered some of her buttocks when she is standing. She also has on a wide choker to show off the expansions of her larynx when she takes a big cock down her throat. It is elastic and black to show the semen stains that always adorn it in the end. The only makeup she ever wears, other than eyeliner, is very red lipstick. Her gorgeous blonde hair contrasts stunningly with her black outfit. The bros take turns sitting in the back seat next to Gloria, kissing, fondling, and fingering her.

As the bros escort Gloria into the club, they see their friends in a large circle of sofas on the main floor of the club. Two unoccupied sofas, reserved for Gloria and her bros, are in the center of the ring of sofas, that has just one small opening, so they can control who has access to Gloria. She is delighted to see that their friends are all good looking brothers and hopes they are all hung. There is a large, elevated stage that is the dance floor.

As soon as the men in the club see Gloria, they stop what they are doing or saying and just gawk at her and her huge, jiggling tits. She enjoys the many men staring directly at her and takes little notice as her impressive boobs brush against people as she walks through the crowd. The men who come into contact with her soft bumpers certainly notice. Some guys purposely bump into her massive orbs and act like it was an accident. She studies all the bling-bling the men are wearing, the size of their arms and chests, and their crotches. She can hear many comments as she walks.

"God, look at the size of her tits!" And behind her, similar remarks. "Can you believe her booty? It's ginormous too!"

Her bros are bombarded with questions about her, asking who this vision is. Jamal tells everyone Gloria's name and that she is their BBC slut and slave.
