 This is the second chapter of, "A healing touch." You may want to read that story first, but it isn't necessary. 

I was disoriented when I struggled awake. The sun was high in the sky, and I had been moved out of the tent, and into the sun. A female was in the cot with me. 

She was sound asleep and had wrapped her arms tightly around me. She seemed to crave as much contact as she could get. Our legs were intertwined. I could tell she was female by her soft curves and long blonde hair. Her breasts were pressed into my back.

The Elves had wrapped me in warm blankets, so I was snuggled in. I slowly woke. I was naked, I didn't know where I was, or why I was there, and I panicked when the events of last night started to come back. 

I was on my way home, when I rescued an injured Elf, by having sex with her. It turns out I was a healer for the Elves. I just needed to touch them, and I was able to help them feel better. My sperm was the most potent drug of all, as the contact was the most intimate. 

The female Elf I rescued brought me back to her world, where I was able to help a lot more elves that had been wounded in battle. I had even regrown a missing limb with my magic cum! 

I had sex with loads of females. They seemed to crave the contact, and all of them had orgasms and felt much better afterward. The males were tougher, but the females were willing to help, and we had discovered that sex with a woman who was having sex with an injured man, provided even more healing magic. I had my first anal sex, as a direct result of a threesome to heal a male Elf. 

I had surprised myself. As a twenty-year-old male, I am ordinarily horny, but I had lasted throughout the night. I wasn't sure why? Maybe the elves had some sort of magic that kept me aroused? I could feel my normal solid morning erection right now. I tried to think of other things, as I assumed the female laying next to me, wasn't interested in anything but sleep. 

I was in some sort of war camp. There were tents all around, that blended into the forest. I could imagine the camp was large, and that I couldn't see all of the tents, so cleverly did they blend into the trees. I was next to a centrally located one, where the healing took place. 

Posy, the Elf I had rescued, mentioned that they were fighting against Orcs, and losing. She told me they were severely outnumbered and they would not last much longer without help. She had begged me to come back to her world. Of course, I had said 'Yes!' Who wouldn't? 

I remembered Iris. I saved her mate, and she promised me a boon. She told me that she would be eternally grateful as her and her mate bonded several hundred years ago. I wondered if she had a hot bath and some food, that she would be willing to share? That was all the boon, I wanted at the moment. 

I was exhausted, and I didn't want to move. My limbs were heavy, and I had a pounding headache. My mouth was grimy, and I certainly hoped they had toothbrushes in this world. I badly wanted a nice long hot shower. I needed something to eat, a cup of coffee, and the morning paper. On top of all that, I had to pee, and my morning erection had disappeared. 

It was then that Posy appeared out of the trees. She was tall and slender, with red hair and green eyes, and a smattering of freckles. She was a warrior, and there was nothing soft about her. She had told me last night, that she was concerned that I wouldn't find her attractive as her breasts were not very big. She knew human males liked that sort of thing. 

I thought she was stunning, and being a tad silly. She had come to my world to die, and I had saved her life, from a grievous wound across her chest. If nothing else we had become friends for that reason alone. She had a very casual attitude toward nudity and touching.

She loved to laugh, and I found her mood infectious. Of all the Elves that I meet, of all the females that I had sex with, she was still my favorite, and I felt a close connection to her. I suppose because she had been awake when I saved her. 

So, I wasn't exactly shocked, when she took off her tunic and legging. She was naked underneath, and I couldn't help staring. Her body was covered with scars. If I had any doubt that the Elves needed help, her body proved it. The little minx knew I was awake, and watching. I smiled up at her. 

"Hi." 

"Move over. I'm cold." She seemed tired. 

I turned on my side, so I had a warm sleeping Elf on one side, and a freezing cold one on the other, in my arms. I couldn't help but squeak in shock. 

"Your freezing!" 

"I've been out all night. No time to eat and certainly no time to rest. The Orcs are pushing hard." 

I kissed her forehead. She had burrowed into me, so we are as close as two people could be, without having actual sex. Her legs were twisted with mine, and our cores were mashed to together. I might have felt lust in this position, but not today. She was cold and seemed to suck the warmth out of me. I could see that she was clearly exhausted. 

Soon her breathing slowed, and the tension eased out of her. Some of the color returned to her limbs, and her grip on me lessened. I badly had to pee, but I didn't want to let her go until I knew she would be alright. It was then that she turned away so that we were spooning. I held her in my arms, and kept myself wrapped around her for a few more minutes and then I slowly crawled out of the chair. 

She stirred, and turned and I thought for a moment that she would wake up, but her eyes never opened. She cuddled with the other female, who was still sleeping. I hoped Posy could rest for a while. 

I had to use a tree, and I couldn't wash my hands, but at least I peed. I made sure the females were covered with quilts and tucked in, I could only see the tips of their noses. They were laying in each other's arms, and Posy was sleeping so soundly that she had started to drool. I kissed both on the forehead and went to solve my other problems. 

I didn't make it very far when I stumbled and fell to my knees. A wave of dizziness came over me. I was so tired. I just wanted to lay there and not move. The snow on the ground was cold on my bare skin, and I was shivering. The memory of being warm in the chair with Posy seemed like a long time in the past.

I must have passed out, for when I woke, I was inside the tent and warm again. I was covered and laying on a cot. 

Willow, the older Elf that had been in charge last night was there. "You gave us a real fright." He smiled down at me. "Healing is exhausting. You have to let us know when you get that tired." 

"Ok. I'm tired." I gave a wan smile. 

"Eventually, you will have to go back to your world. That'll recharge your energies, and then you can come back to us if you still wish to help. " He informed me, in a deep sonorous voice. 

"How long do I have here?" I asked. "I don't want to leave." 

"We should be able to keep you going from one full moon to the next, and when you do go back, you would only need return for twenty-four hours. I'll also send guards to keep you safe. I'm afraid there are lots of things in the world, that would love to see you dead." 

He seemed to shake himself. "For now though, things are quiet. Let's get you taken care of." 

I felt much better a few hours later. The Elves had rigged an ingenious system for heating water that involved wooden pipes, a stream, and a magic fire. I had food. I drank the Elven water that recharged me, and I had a massage with some of the revitalizing oil. I had found time for a nap, and I was full of piss and vinegar. Yes, I was now dressed, and my teeth were brushed. 

...

I went back to the healing tent to see if they needed help. They did not. Willow asked that I check in every hour though. He directed me to a special tent where the warriors were coming back from fighting. He explained that I could find food and honey wine. He thought the warriors would be grateful for any assistance I was willing to provide. 

Posey had disappeared again, and Willow didn't know where she was. He also didn't know what tent belonged to Iris. Having no other choice and being a bit bored, and yes I will admit it, a little horny I went to the warrior tent. 

It was a massive tent, set next to a stream. I noticed a row of outhouses behind it and blushed as I recalled using the tree. I should have known better. I made my way to the entrance of the tent and paused in the door. It was loud, and smoky inside. I could hear singing, and see a bar off to my left. 

As I stood there looking around, the noise died, until it was tomb-like. Then as one, the Elves stood, clenched their fist and started pounding on their left breast. They were quiet while doing this. It seemed like hours that the noise went on. I raised my hands in the hopes they would stop, but they didn't. A mighty cheer went up after a minute or so, and they started cheering and surged forward to greet me. 

I had a great throng of Elves around me. It was hard to make out individual words, and everyone seemed to be clamoring for my attention and wanting something. There were males and females mixed in the crowd, and they were all trying to touch me. I was a bit shocked as all sense of decorum that I thought elves were possessed of, disappeared. 

Then I started to panic. They lifted me off of my feet and held me aloft in their hands. They then began to pass from one group to the next, all around the tent. I had hands all over me. That would not have been a problem, but they started to strip me. 

It was like I was some sort of drug and the Elves were addicted to me and being driven mad by their lust. I had completely lost control of my own body. 

Elves were playing with my cock, which was definitely enjoying all of the attention. I had hands and fingers in my mouth and hair, and my feet were being tickled by even more hands. Fingers were exploring my ass, and I started to squirm a bit, as I was invaded. It was growing challenging to breathe, and I could feel panic rising. 

"Put him down on the table!" A grizzled old veteran bellowed from the bar top. "Listen here, you bunch of lily-livered pansies, put him down!" 

They listened and dropped me on a table. The table was large and square, so I was able to lay flat. Immediately someone started to suck my dick. I couldn't tell if the Elf was male or female, because a female planted herself on my face. She leaned forward, so I was able to breathe, but her warm moist center was right over my face. I couldn't resist and pulled her closer. She didn't pull away. 

I felt a little better with something to focus on and pleasuring her pussy was definitely something I wanted to focus on. Hands were still all over me, but at least I had a little space. It was a space with a warm, moist mound in it, and I was content. 

I started to lick and kiss and wished that my hands were free, but they were not. I sucked on her clit, which elicited a moan, and soon she was squirming on top of me. I could now feel three separate mouths on my cock. One was sucking the tip, and the other two were licking and kissing up and down my length. Someone had my balls in their mouth. 

I was tight, and I knew I was close to orgasm. I desperately tried to focus on what I was doing, and forget about all of the sensations that were flooding through my body. 

The women on top of me tightened with her orgasm and squirted all over my face. She moaned and bent over to hug and kiss and lick her juices off of me. She seemed pathetically grateful, and I thought she might even be crying. It was but a moment before she was lifted off of the table and another female climbed into her spot. 

I felt myself coming, and my sperm flew everywhere. My body arched off the table, and I stopped breathing for a moment. I wasn't submissive, at least I didn't think I was, but that was one of the best orgasms I had ever had. Immediately many mouths started to clean me up. If anything they were even more frenzied in their attention. 

The female on top of me was wet, and her Labia was pierced. She seemed to delight in the sensations when I gently tugged on it with my teeth. She had leaned down with her hands on either side of my head and was eagerly kissing someone else. I could see hands all over her body, twinking and twisting her nipples. I lifted my hands to her rear and found several people had already beaten me to it. 

I guessed people were being healed by touching her. That was the way it had worked in the tent last night. Touch a person that was touching and you received my healing magic. 

Hands were all over my body, and I was being kissed by many Elves. It was warm in the tent, and I was feeling pretty good. Tendrils of pleasure were shooting straight to my groin, and it felt overwhelming to be so desired. 

Soon, I was growing hard again. The new female sitting on my face had shaved blonde hair in her core, and her skin was very light She was moaning continually, it was almost a keening, and I was worried that she wasn't okay. She was soaked, and my tongue was sliding in and out of her slit. I badly wanted to bury my cock in her. 

"Attention!" The old Elf on the bar shouted. "Stop!" To my amazement, everyone did stop and did stand at attention. 

"First, I need to apologize to our healer." He said. " We're low born, and we never thought to see a healer. That's no excuse for the way we have been acting though!" 

I wish I could say that I was paying attention to what he said, but I wasn't. The female on top of me had leaned forward and was resting her elbows on the table while propping her head up. She appeared to be focused on the male at the bar. However her position had dropped her core right over my face, and I couldn't resist. 

I enjoyed myself, sucking and kissing to my heart's content. My hands were free, and I was rubbing her g-spot with two fingers. I could hear her gasps and moans, and she was doing her best to not squirm on me, but she was very wet and had to be close. I ran my tongue up and down her slit. I sucked her clit in my mouth, which made her twitch in a most delightful way. I found her essence refreshing, and it tasted nothing like the few human women I had experience with. I could do this for a while!

She orgasmed, while the male on the bar was talking. She actually had to bite her arm to avoid crying out. "Ooohhh, Oh, Oh, that feels so good." The moan was loud.

I was again drenched in love juice, as she spasmed into my face. She climbed down and snuggled me when her orgasm passed. She laid her head on my chest. Soon, I felt wet tears. 

She whispered, in my ear, "I had given up hope. I feel so much better now." 

I kissed her forehead as the old man continued. He was going on, about treating me with respect, and taking turns and following limits. I could tell the crowd was a little restless. So, when he paused to take a breath, I interjected. 

"I'm Stewart, call me STEW, and I don't mind." I raised one arm. Really, I didn't. I understood that I was being juvenile, but who wouldn't offer help to the Elves? 

I didn't think I would ever get enough of sex. It was a good thing, I was a typical, red-blooded horny bastard. There were breasts and pussies everywhere I looked, and they all wanted me! Oh, my god!

For too long, women had been mysterious creatures that I was exposed to in my Dad's Playboy magazines. I put every single girlfriend I had on a pedestal, but not anymore. Here the women wanted me, just because of who I was. I wondered if women felt the same way, that they just wanted a man, who wanted them for who they were? 

"STEWART!" The voice on the bar yelled. 

"Yes?" 

"Are you okay with that?" He asked.

"Sure," I replied, having no idea what he had asked me. A cheer went up in the bar, and the activity started again. The female in my arms was lifted away, gently and then I was mobbed by Elves. It no longer mattered if they were male or female, they were creatures in need of help. A group of Elves paid attention to my flaccid member, trying to draw forth my sacred sperm. I had a female sitting on my face, and hands all over me. I grinned and relaxed. 

...

I'm not sure how much time passed, but at some point, I grew cold and understood that I had been left alone. No more sex, no more touching, no more orgasms. I was helped from the table and lead to a chair by the fire where I was wrapped in a blanket. Someone else brought me something to drink, and then a plate of food was carried over. The energy in the tent had dissipated, and the Elves seemed sated and happy. 

The drink was hot and sweet, and I had to remind myself to drink it slowly. I don't know if it had alcohol in it, but a pleasant warmth spread through me. There was no meat on the plate of food, but I didn't mind. There were fried potatoes with onions and mushrooms, several rolls, filled with a berry jam, and lots of cheesy eggs. I found I was starving, and stuffed myself with the wooden fork. 

The mood in the tent started to change as a couple of fiddlers took up a lively dance tune. The song was definitely celebratory, and I wondered about that. Posey had made it seem like things were looking grim. An oasis of calm remained around me, and I was able to converse with many elves. 

They kept stopping by to thank me, for the healing. They were definitely touchers and would hug me, or rest a hand on a leg, or pat my back. It seemed like they were a little nervous, and my touch was calming. I sensed that they would have stayed and talked and told me their stories, but were hesitant to take up too much of my time. I wouldn't say they had me on a pedestal, but clearly, they felt I was someone important. 

Finally, a blond female Elf sat down and sighed. Her twinkling eyes were several colors, and it was hard for me to look into them without staring. She was older, her face had wrinkles. She wasn't petite and hard like Posy, but she certainly wasn't overweight either. 

Her skin was red and appeared chapped by the cold and the wind. She was wearing a robe, that belted in the front, and went down to her knees. She had lined booties and looked like she was getting ready for bed. Her face was open and smiling. 

I did my best to not look at her breasts, but the robe was belted low, and they were spilling out. I was amazed and somewhat disgusted with myself. I was still checking females out! I couldn't help it though, it seemed hard-wired into me. Her breasts were very nice by the way. 

They were bigger than any I had seen before, though certainly not overly-large like the ones some porn stars back in my world had. I was mesmerized by the movement of the robe across her skin and had to remind myself to look her in the eyes. 

She placed a hand on my bare knee. I was still naked under the blanket and leaned forward. 

"I need help." She said, as my eyes dropped again to her chest. She smiled at me. "You already touched them, you know. In fact, you had them in your mouth at one point." 

She winked and pulled the robe apart. "Better? Can you focus now?"

An odd symbol had been created, by shaving the golden hair at her core. That was the only hair she had left. She had a ring through the folds around her slit, and I could clearly see a tattoo on her mound. It appeared to be of a tree.

I grinned at her and pulled her robe closed. "Yes! Thank you! I appreciate that. I've had more sex in the last twenty-four hours than I ever had before, and I am hornier than ever." I kissed her forehead and shook myself, leaning back in the chair. 

"How can I help?" I asked. 

She sat back in her seat, a troubled look on her face. "Elves are strong and don't often break in battle. A friend did. Thorn is one of our best warriors, and we have to keep her chained up. She is mad, and would hurt others and herself without a thought if we let her free."
