 Please see the first episode entitled "Gloria's Transformation - the Gym" for a description of Gloria's first genetic transformation into a gorgeous, voluptuous, totally uninhibited nymphomaniac, with many perverse sexual impulses, including hypersexuality, size fetishism, exhibitionism, masochism, voyeurism, androphilia, and submissiveness. Her measurements became 36S-24-48. Each of her huge breasts began lactating a liter of milk every hour. Her areolas became large, rising above the curvature of her breasts to always erect, 0.5 inch long nipples. The elasticity of the tissues in her abdomen, vagina, and intestines were greatly enhanced and her muscles weakened to allow extreme insertions and expansions.

The Freak

"Babe, I want you to see your geneticist about some more changes to your body. Your asshole is tight, but I want it even tighter so you are screaming your head off when a big cock is in your ass. And your cervix should also be tighter so everyone in the room will hear when your womb is penetrated. I also want your orgasmic contractions much stronger so men can't possibly miss the clamping of your vagina on their cocks. I want to see your pussy quivering and opening and closing and contractions in your stomach too. And I want your waist to be 21 inches. It will accentuate your bust and hips more, and cocks will make bigger bulges in your stomach." 

"Wow!" 

"And I want your nipples much bigger"

"They're big now! How much bigger do you want them?"

Terrill turns his laptop towards Gloria and shows her a video of a guy fucking a woman's nipples. "It's called nipuru faku. Her nipples are fake, but yours will be real. I want your nipples 2 inches long and 1.5 inches thick, and they must have deep holes that will stretch so I can fuck them with my cock. Your nipple holes will be new erogenous zones for you. I want your nipples to be virgins for your debut to my friends, so don't let anybody inside them."

"But nipples that big will make me look like a freak!" She begins crying.

"No, they will look great on tits as big as yours are going to be." 

Terrill then shows her a picture of a blonde with 10,000cc augmented boobs. "I want your tits bigger than Beshine's. She is a 32Z cup. Of course, your tits will be much softer and much more jiggly, since yours are natural."

"Are you kidding? I will definitely look like a freak and no longer be attractive to men!"

"No, you're wrong, men will love tits that big and be terribly excited by them as I am."

"But I won't be able to live a normal life with boobs that big! They will get in the way for doing everything!"

"Not for fucking me, my bros, or your tricks. What else do you need to do? Ha"

"I won't be able to dance for you and your friends." 

"Oh, yes, you will. You danced well with a 60 inch belly during your second rape, and you will be able to dance with bigger tits."

"But my tits are uncomfortable now when I am fucked hard, and I will be in real pain with tits that size!" 

"I think your masochism can handle it. And I want more."

"I'm afraid to ask."

Terrill shows her a picture of a girl with a huge ass. "Her name is Randalin and her ass measures 70 inches. That baby got back! I want your ass bigger than hers, but yours should remain shaped just like it is now. 

"And I want all your erogenous zones to be much more sensitive than they are now. And lastly I want your milk doubled and your cream tripled!"

"Is that all?" Gloria says sarcastically. "Please don't make me produce more milk and cream! My tits and pussy drip on everything and leave embarrassing wet spots everywhere now! I'll have to milk my tits every hour, and my pussy will overflow just thinking about sex. Please, I beg you, don't make me undergo all these changes! I want to please you, but these things you want will make my life miserable!" 

"Remember, babe, you are my sex slave. I want your changes to be a surprise for my friends. To keep your nipples virgins, you won't be servicing my friends and we won't be entertaining until your changes are complete. "

She agrees to everything Terrill wants, because she wants to keep him happy. She thinks she will have the willpower to have the changes reversed if she falls out of love or her suffering becomes too much to handle. 

The Cafe

She arranges to meet her geneticist/doctor ex-boyfriend for lunch at a cafe near his research lab. "Ed, honey, you're going to love this. I'm going to be doing you a lot more often. My boyfriend wants more changes to me, including bigger breasts, nipples, and booty. Can you believe that? They are so big now!" They are in the far corner of the cafe, but a few people can hear her and turn their heads. She just smiles and enjoys their stares. She moves her chair closer and rests her tits on top of the table so the men will ogle her more. Their stares arouse her, and she starts making a wet spot on her chair. She's not wearing a pad, since she didn't want to have panties on and was not expecting to get aroused in the cafe.

"It'll be great to see you more often, Gloria! So how big does he want you?" As they talk about her body, Ed can't resist staring at her gorgeous tits. She is braless and wearing a low cut babydoll that exposes a lot of her areola. It is tight and thin enough to show large nipple bulges. She is wearing no skirt, and the babydoll is just barely long enough to cover her ass. Her wet spots make her white babydoll translucent and show her nipples and areola. She chose this outfit to help get everything she wants from Ed. 

When Ed's coffee comes, she puts his cup under her breast, pulls down her babydoll to expose a nipple, and squirts some milk into it, while the waiter and a few of the cafe diners stare wide-eyed. "You still like cream in your coffee, I presume." She pulls her babydoll back up, since she wants Ed to listen to her. The boob she just squeezed continues to stream milk that drips through her top onto the tablecloth for a while. Ed is too aroused to remember anything and begins recording on his cellphone. She is amused and finally annoyed by how many times the waiter interrupts them to ask if they need anything as he leers at her tits. The waiter has a great view of her breasts as he stands over her.

She describes all the changes Terrill wants and then shows him a picture of Beshine. "She has 32Z boobs, and he wants me even bigger than her. I can't believe he wants my boobs bigger. Look how big they are now!" She pulls her babydoll down and flashes Ed and the guys staring at her. She knows Ed is familiar with her body, so she is manipulating him to get a commitment to take the time from his busy schedule for her treatments.

"Won't boobs that big sag?"

"Not necessarily. I'll enlarge fat cells a little deeper within your muscle tissue. I'll also strengthen your back muscles to handle the added weight. How big does he want your nipples?

"Two inches long and one and a half inches thick. I'm so afraid of what I will look like with nipples that big. But it gets weirder. He wants a deep hole in each nipple that can expand to accept his penis. How deep can my nipple holes be?"

"I can enlarge your central milk ducts and make them about six inches deep. And I'll make the milk duct, nipple, and surrounding tissue very elastic. That should satisfy him."

"I desperately want my nipple holes to be just slits that will shrink back to the same size after being used. Please tell me that can be done!"

"Oh, sure. How big do he want your booty?"

"He wants my hip measurement more than 70 inches. I must be crazy to have agreed to this!" She stands up. "Look how wide my hips are now!" Every guy in the cafe turns to look at her. She turns sideways and pulls her babydoll up to uncover her lovely bubble ass. "My ass is gigantic now, and he wants it bigger! Do you think I will still be attractive with 70 inch hips?" She frowns and sits down, making a slight sloshing sound as her ass contacts the pool of cream on the chair.

"Sure you will, with your tiny waist. Men will love that."

"Will my ass be just as tight and shapely and my thighs just as slim?"

"Yes, your thighs will be the same and your ass just as it is now, only bigger. But I'm afraid other changes will be unavoidable to give you higher sensitivity and stronger contractions. Your sex drive will increase, and that will make your sexual impulses stronger. Your enjoyment of sex will increase, and your orgasms intensify."

"Wow, wait until Terrill hears my sex drive is going to increase! Or maybe I won't tell him. I can't imagine how my perversions could get worse or my orgasms any better."

"Oh, yes. Your enjoyment of being choked could become asphyxiaphilia, for example. The pleasure from your orgasms will heighten and may cause you to feint. And you could become so submissive and masochistic that you will enjoy these new changes and never want to go back to the way you are now."

"No, doctor, that won't happen! Why don't you come to my car now, and I'll start my first payment?" Gloria has plenty of money to pay Ed, but knows he much prefers sex with the dream girl he created. As she gets up, she puts a napkin on her chair, not because she is embarrassed, but she doesn't want the next person sitting down in her wet spot. All the men in the cafe and on the sidewalk gawk at her jiggling breasts and booty as she walks to her limousine, holding Ed's arm. She exaggerates her steps to jiggle her assets more to get even more lustful looks from her audience. Being ogled by the men and knowing she will soon have a cock inside her (even though it is a normally sized white one) increase her arousal. A few in the crowd notice the drops of cream she leaves on the sidewalk as she walks with Ed. 

She puts a special effort into making the sex with Ed enjoyable for him since she wants him to do the best he can on her changes. Her genetic treatments begin soon and her body slowly changes over the next year into what Terrill wants, to his delight and her dismay.

Gloria's Complaints

Gloria wakes up in bed and opens her eyes to see Terrill staring at her tits. She is on her back, and her enormous melons are standing proud on her chest, with the sheet covering them. Terrill pulls the sheet down off her tits to try to expose them in all their glory, but she has on her support bra with holes for her nipples to drain her milk. It helps her sleep by preventing her breasts from getting full. Terrill plays with the milk trickling down from her nipples. He squeezes and teases one of her huge nipples with his fingers, and she moans loudly, as her milk flow increases.

"Take your bra off, babe." Gloria rolls away from him, and he undoes the ten hooks on her bra. The absorbent pad on the bed is soaked all around her with her milk from the night, and she makes a squishing sound as she turns. She rolls over on her back, and he very slowly pulls on her bra strap. At first her tits are contained by the cups, and they lean towards Terrill as he continues to pull until her magnificent breasts suddenly escape and spring back. Terrill sighs as he watches her breasts bounce back and forth, spraying milk. "My, I love your tits! They are so humongous! Look how they sit proudly on top of your chest without support. You are fucking amazing!"

"Honey, please don't play with my tits if you're not going to fuck me. I get too excited. You ought to know that." 

"Show me, babe; spread your legs." He pulls the sheet down, and she spreads her legs for him. He moves to get a better view of a glob of white emerging from her hole and starting to ooze down to her ass crack. She sees him gawking at her vulva and starts getting even more excited, so she pulls the sheet all the way up to her nipples, and Terrill watches intently as wet spots in the sheet start to spread. 

"I'm glad you like my tits, because I hate them! How would you like to have two giant beach balls on your chest interfering with everything you do? I only have a tiny space between my boobs that I can look through to see things in front of me. I can't see anything directly in front of me if I have a top on, and it is dangerous for me to walk down stairs. I've given up typing on a computer keyboard. And it's so hard to put on shoes since I can't see my feet. Thank goodness I don't have to shave my legs or pussy (her first transformation removed her lower body hair), since I can't see them. I have to sit back and lean forward to see my plate at a restaurant, and I am so far from the table, I always get food or wine stains on my tits and in my cleavage. I know you enjoy me fishing junk out of my cleavage in public, but I don't. They are so wide - I can't sit next to anyone in a movie theater or concert, because my tits are rubbing on them for the whole performance. And I can't tell you how many times I have hurt myself by bumping my tits into doors, walls, furniture, or other people. And knocking things over with them. And getting dirty spots on them that people point at and laugh, since I can't see them. I don't see many of my girlfriends anymore. All they want to do is laugh at me and talk about my tits and ass. They are so jealous. I get so tired of the reactions of women and children when I go out in public. I hate wearing a poncho to hide my tits. And I cannot find any tops or bras to fit my boobs, so they must be specially made for me." 

"My wet spots are so much worse than they used to be. It only takes ten minutes to soak through a top enough to start dripping milk through the material. And you won't let me wear bras that cover my nipples. My milk is now so overwhelming. It gets on everything! I am so tired of it and having to milk myself every hour when I don't have a man around. If I don't get milked, my drips now become a steady stream. They used to just ache, but now they are painful when full. I hope you realize how much work and discomfort my over abundant milk is for me. But I am glad you seem to really enjoy my milk."

"But the worst thing about my new tits is the pain I now have to endure - it is excruciating whenever I am fucked hard. My tits are now so huge and heavy they cause me terrible pain in almost any position due to their motion. You must have noticed I now groan a lot when you fuck me, in between the moans. And the pain is excruciating when I am fucked really hard, or when you fuck me hard between my tits or put me in a position that puts pressure on them. Or when you manhandle my tits or squeeze them hard or don't allow me to hold them while you're fucking me. I can tell my clients to ease up, but not you. It is even uncomfortable for me to walk or move around without a bra. Have you noticed I hold my boobs with my hands when I walk without a bra, especially downstairs?" 

"I especially hate my nipples. My huge tits and ass make me feel so much like a freak, and my huge nipples make me feel even freakier. I never used to get embarrassed, but I am so self-conscious of how big my nipples are. It is soooo embarrassing when people stare at my nipples through the wet spots. And the bugles they produce in my tops are unbelievable. Some of my clients notice my nipple holes, and I have to fight them to keep my nipples virgin for you"

"My cream production is crazy. I think it has more than tripled. I used to wear pads that lasted for an hour, but now they are full after just a few minutes, so I don't use them anymore. Have you noticed I go to the ladies room quite often now when we go out? I have to wipe the cream from my legs and pussy so I don't drip all over the floor when we dance. Have you seen the pools of cream on chairs when I get up? You know I squirt a lot more now, but what you don't know is my squirting during intercourse has become uncontrollable. You like how easy it is to make me squirt now, don't you? You seem to enjoy my cream a lot, but it is so difficult for me."

"And I hate my derriere too. It is so wide, I have to squeeze into a first class airline seat, or a theater seat, or the bucket seat in your car. You know I need you to buckle my seat belt because of my ass. I think I get more catty remarks from other women about my bubble butt than I do my tits. And I cannot find any clothing to fit because the waists are way too big. In addition to my tops, now my bottoms must also be especially designed for me." She throws the sheet down and rolls over on her stomach to show him her ass. It appears even bigger since her tits elevate her upper body and arch her back. She looks at Terrill.

"Look how huge my ass is now! You and all the other men must be crazy to like the way it looks." She starts crying. 

Her masochism has become more powerful and complex. She still suffers, especially when the pain is excruciating. But she enjoys being hurt, humiliated, or discomforted if it pleases Terrill, or any man she finds attractive. So she has very ambivalent feelings about being made to suffer. Her masochism gives her incredible sexual pleasure from arousing and satisfying men when they hurt her during sex. To further increase men's sadistic pleasures, she keeps her enjoyment a secret and puts on an act by begging, putting up weak resistance, over-reacting, and then complaining afterwards. It is not all acting, since she does truly suffer. So her litany of complaints to Terrill and the crying are an act to please him and make sure he appreciates and is grateful to her for all she is going though for him. She liked making Terrill smile while describing her problems. Her submissiveness has also become very strong and she wants to do anything to please men, but that too is a closely guarded secret, to enhance their enjoyment in forcing her and to get what she wants in return.

The increase in her sex drive has made her enjoy sex even more in spite of her tit pain, and her orgasms are spectacularly better, as Ed predicted. But she also keeps that a secret from Terrill.

"Babe, I love your ass, and all the other changes in you too. Move your arm forward." She moves her arm up to her head and glares at him as he stares at the fantastic side view of one of her tits, squeezed extra wide by her weight. He moves her hair out of the way and marvels at how much wider her tit is compared to her back and the sudden curvature of her skin from her back to her tit.

"Wow, I absolutely adore the way you look! You are definitely ready for your debut. My bros are going to love your body, and I want to fuck your nipples for the first time in front of them. So let's have your debut party this weekend."

"Let's make our parties stag from now on. Women will spoil the mood with their catty remarks about my tits and ass. How many friends do you have now, 90? I can't do them all in one party."

"Oh yes you can. I want to watch you fucking five bros at same time, and I bought some things to help you." 

He leads her into a large room, that he has remodeled with mirrors covering all the walls. In the center of the room, he uncovers a special bench. "It's really padded so you can be strapped in it for hours. There are stirrups for your legs and a support for your head in a down position for being deep throated. There's support for your back and bumpers for your hips to hold you in place as you get pounded. It puts you at just the right height so guys can stand to fuck your throat, pussy, and nipples. And there is another bench below for the ass man."

"But there's nothing to support my ass."

"Silly, your booty should be unsupported so that it will bounce as you are fucked and so the ass man can play with it. The beauty of the bench is that the ass men can switch out without stopping any of the other action."

"Where did you get such a crazy bench?"

"One of my bros is an engineer and designed it for me. He'll be at the party. You must thank him." 

"Why are there straps for my legs but none for my arms?"
