 There was just one thing about her that Conductor had to understand.

Margo was a woman regularly deprived of the essentials: friends, manners and cock. This was something important to note because during a monster courting, the courted and the courtee was supposed to cement their covenant in a breeding den. A place where she would not be heading to anytime soon. Outside the den, the human was free game.

So he couldn't, and shouldn't, and probably wouldn't be mad about the cock in her mouth.

The glyph gear user, after waking up earlier in the cockpit, was trapped.

Her slender body couldn't fit through the jammed hatch doors, thick and wide ass wedged between the sliver of an opening. Margo left Conductor on her command seat. The slime sleeping so soundly that she didn't dare wake him. Her slime very much unaware that she groped him in his slumber, using his slime-cum to lubricate herself to the point she could slip through the hatch doors.

A plan that didn't work out as she hoped.

Margo's shaking arms held up her upper body, breasts bobbing and bouncing all the while. She tried to keep herself still, the noise of her soft mounds rhythmically slapping each other was rather loud. And if her mind drifted, Margo worked into the thrusts. Audible sounds of her throat struggling with the thickness in her mouth were abound. She couldn't help it. The cock pushed and pushed and she rocked into it, breathing heavily through her nose.

This aggressive cave slime wasn't one for playing around.

It transformed into various monster cocks, enticing her with its range and knowledge of male genitalia.

Right now, she had a southern continent goblin dick thrusting through her cheeks. The red shaft fatter than a tree trunk and the ridges that scraped and oozed sweet-tang aphrodisiacs on her tongue- Goodness, it felt so, so good. Her pink plump lips struggled to keep that beast in her dirty mouth, drool and pre-cum gushing out from each plunge in.

The slime wasn't alone in his efforts for her affections either.

Two more of them, smaller than Conductor and the one fucking her mouth, had climbed her back and went into the cockpit. They didn't go far, perching themselves on her rear and rubbing themselves against her privates. One was cold, the other was hot. They alternated, driving her into a frenzy as she tried to each their magic. Freezing her tender tush, they slapped her cheeks. Warming her dripping slit, they pushed chilly cocks into her and vibrated. Laughing at how her hips would push back out, taking their frosty dicks and flee from their erotic torture.

It was obvious that these slimes watched her and Conductor, attempting to use his methods in their own style.

And to think, all of this happened because she asked for a little push. Thank goodness for cave slimes taking it literally.

The slime in front changed its form, becoming the double-headed twin tip shaft of a lessor wyrm.

The bestial burning cock nearly cooked her tongue. Okay, something needed to change.

Margo backed away, letting the cock fall out. "Hey, do you three need pointers or something? Your fucking skills are terrible." she said, slamming her closed fist down. "I'm not into hot or cold. Shape doesn't matter to me. It's size. And goodness, don't you three know a thing about foreplay?"

The slimes wobbled at her. Margo rolled her eyes.

"You-" she pointed to the slime with cock transformations. "I've always wanted a lupine beastbane's cock into my mouth. That crazy knotting action. Being forced to keep that engorged shaft in until the cock swells down..." she drooled, eyes glossy as she imagined it. A dog beastman rutting her until the sun came up. Margo turned her attention to the slimes in the cockpit. "You guys, use cold or hot. Not both. And stop messing with my pussy and ass. Touch my thighs or my knees or the middle of my back. Those places are sensitive too."

They vibrated in response.

"So let's try this again. Go."

Apparently, the slime in front did know some things about foreplay.

It transformed into a wolfy cock, pink mottled skin running down a thick shaft and a juicy-looking cockhead placed on top. Two sizable balls swollen and ready. The wolf-cock didn't jump into her mouth like the last transformation. Instead, it rubbed against her lips, massaging on the sensitive skin. Margo smirked at that, enjoying the caress. Its cockhead moved to her cheeks, marking them in hot runny seed.

The slime was good with smells too. The air went rank with beastbane musk, that aroma that kicked in when a beastman was in heat. Hot and full of rich odor, she inhaled, intoxicated by the want and need made into smell.

Margo shivered, mouth-watering from the scent becoming taste on her tongue.

Studying her reaction, the slime seemed content with itself. Margo opened her mouth, ready to take the shaft in. The wolf-cock entered slowly, inch by inch. Its warm meaty shaft pushing her tongue flat as it went inside. Already erect, the cock wept creamy cum from the head, the white goodness running down the back of her throat. As Margo struggled swallowing, audible and nasty gulps echoing in the mine, the slime watched her. Enjoying the sound of her struggling with the amount of seed it streamed.

Then the wolf-cock thrusted, claiming her mouth in a single thrust. With outrageous zeal, the slime plunge and out of her tight mouth. The thick cock-head slapped against her teeth and tongue, relishing the rough play. Margo wheezed through her nose, trying to lift her head for a better angle. The way he was moving, she couldn't change her position or risk him falling out.

She was nothing but a hole rimmed with lips and a face to it now.

Which, Margo wasn't against in sex and sexy role-play, but she wasn't having any fun now. The wolf-cock filled her mouth too much. She couldn't move her tongue or her jaw around him. If anything, he controlled her face hole.

Each long stroke forcing lips wide, each short stroke forcing her lips high to meet his pace.

Margo gripped the mine earth between her hands and hoisted what she could to hang over the slime. Now directly below her, shaft now fucking upwards, lost in its thrusting, she moved down. Margo took control, rocking her into the wolf-cock and taking its jerking and twitching. More seed dribbled and she swallowed, braced for it. The wolf-cock trembled and cummed, hot cum shooting white ropes of creamy cum. Then its shaft expanded, knotting, stuffing her mouth in throbbing rigid flesh.

A moment passed. Two. Then they resumed.

The wolf-cock could no longer leave her mouth but that didn't mean she couldn't suck it.

Meanwhile the slimes that were perched on her hips changed their game.

Choosing cold, they split up and decided to climb into her skin-tight suit. On opposite sides of her body, they gave freezing kisses and nippy bites. Margo twitched, legs jerking into the hatch doors as she tried to escape the chilly sensations. Starting from her pussy mound to her trim mid-section, they roamed. Pudgy blobs weakening her resistance to their touch.

Her skin grew sensitive, nearly painful as they froze, un-melted the patch they were on, and froze again.

Then Margo felt a metal tentacle wrap around her hips, lifting her bare ass up.

The cold slimes on her ran.

She slowed her sucking, confused as to why the hot-and-cold-slimes would be lea- Conductor pushed into her, his familiar and girthy shaft splitting her lightly wet hole open. Getting blow-jobs to monster cocks was an interesting experience but not enough to make her soaked down there. She'd need the whole monster for that. And the temperature thing was just distracting.

Now that Conductor was in her, she couldn't stop the sweet juices spilling out.

Margo kicked and bucked, howling at his undeniable claim of her pussy.

Still well-fucked from the tentacle frenzy from earlier, her pussy welcomed his tentacle shaft back.

The slime in front wobbled, its annoyance distorting the wolf-cock transformation it held. Unwilling to give up, it wrapped a pair of tentacles around her throat. They yanked, forcing her to take all of the shaft and her chin fell flush against the wolf-cock balls.

Margo choked, moaning on his even more outrageous claim.

Conductor weaved in and out, pleasuring her pussy. The slime in front thrusted, vibrating against her tongue. Fucking her as they wanted, Margo endured their frantic need to win her. Which slime did she like more they were likely wondering. One who become just about any cock or the one who could shock her better than Theo. Slimes were dumb like that. They didn't seem to realize they would be fucking her over a period of days. Both were pretty, couldn't they make love, not war?

Her slime grew vicious, his rough thrusts growing wilder.

Margo shuddered, feeling the weight of each hit pushing her more and more through the opening of the hatch doors. The slime in her mouth couldn't keep up. Close to being swallowed entirely, the wolf-cock turned back to its normal slime form and left.

Her mouth clear, Margo grunted and worked her hips. Meeting Conductor's thrusts head-on.

The glyph gear around her creaked from the force of their union between its hatch doors. She came, pussy clenching around the thick shaft. Bliss was brief as her slime still wasn't satisfied. Conductor fucked harder, the collision making her legs ache and rattle. With a loud pop, she was freed. Margo fell onto her back on the mine floor, hips throbbing from the rough sex.

Margo looked down. Conductor wasn't finished with her yet.

He transformed into a cock, the same wolf one from before and cummed on her. His slime-cum splatted on her operator suit, dissolving the fabric in one fell swoop.

What was he doing? They weren't in a breeding den yet!

Conductor drove back in, back as metal tentacles, fucking both her holes. Margo cried out, pleading and moaning and squirming from the pleasure. Her inner walls squeezed and clutched, trying to make him cum. He fought her off, growing more tentacles and playing with her breasts. Clamping on the nipples, he yanked them until they ached.

Margo closed her eyes, voice cracking under her endless cries.

His tentacles twitched and jerked, he came, cumming deep into her pussy, ass and womb. Her stomach inflated, rising into a fat full hill. But Conductor wasn't done. He roared at the other slimes that came to gather round. Wanting their turn with her womb.

He jealously kept his spot and his tentacles grew erect once more. They pulled open her pussy lips and ass-hole.

Eggs came out of his shapeless form, entering her pussy and ass. Each egg rubbed and grazed against her cum-filled walls, the sensation making her hips lift and spread. Margo, on instinct, tried to force out the foreign objects going deeper inside but her clenching couldn't stop their descent. The eggs brushed against her sensitive nerves and bundles of tender flesh, coaxing another orgasm from her exhausted frame. She quaked, cumming. Her body shook, all her flesh alight from the pleasure and fullness that delved deeper still.

Her bulging belly swelled, a size bigger with eggs settling inside.

Conductor pulled out his tentacles and climbed onto her stomach, vibrating his smugness at her swollen state. Soundly impregnated, the gathered slimes wobbled at him. Annoyed that he would break tradition. Courting slimes aren't allow to lay their own eggs. And they certainly can't be gloating about it, Conductor purring against her pregnant belly.

Her slime merely sniffed, not ashamed of himself.

"Don't get too comfy," Margo said, sitting up. "You're going to take them out. One by one."

The next morning, Margo was getting used to the change of her weight.

Tall and buxom, she was used to her breasts jutting out whichever way they willed but this swollen belly was something else. It bobbed lightly, filled with cum and more. Not eggs though. Courting slimes aren't allowed to seed their partners during a monster courting. They were supposed to share their partners with the slimes they leave behind, refilling their departure from the pack twice-fold with more children.

The magic of the covenant basically turned all of Conductor's eggs into nutrients.

Making her extremely fertile womb a prize to any of the slimes around. Remember, this all happened because he got jealous.

But Conductor wouldn't let her fool around freely. So worried that she would pick another during the courting process.

He was so cute when he got fussy. She'd offer herself as she damn well pleased but she wasn't interested in any other slime but him. The others would likely be just as amateurish as the three from yesterday. Margo was a cock fiend, not a woman all that interested in being pregnant and whatnot.

Not yet, anyways.

They reached an arrangement. So belly distended and fertile, Margo walked around with a pseudo-cock make from Conductor. The slimes milked her long shaft, taking her rich seed and using it to create strong eggs for seeding.

Now that were in the actual breeding den, thank Giaaia.

The place was alright. Very purple and soft. The floors padded, the walls coated in protective ooze. 

Margo was sitting, stroking her slime-cock for her amusement. The cock always came a few seconds before her. And weirdly, she mostly felt the climax in her belly and head. The pleasure didn't rush through her like a female orgasm would.

Or could it be the fault of Conductor, unable to simulate the full experience.

She was trying to unravel the secrets of climaxing as a male until a short, oh so short and slender and cute, woman, round and glowing from her pregnancy, came up to where she was. Goodness, the dark skinned woman was a sight. Fat tits and a curvy glorious belly to complete the picture. Margo couldn't stop staring. Her cock stiffened from interest, sating the hardness clear on her mind.

Oh goodness, is this what it felt like for men? 

Margo opened her mouth to speak but the person next to her was faster.

"You wanna hear how I got here?"

The end.