 Hello everyone. Just a quick author's note to thank everyone for reading my stories. Please take the time to rate and/or leave comments as a greatly appreciate both. As for this story it was done kind of as a joke for one of my friends. I know it may not be as good as my previous story but I hope that if nothing else it might bring a laugh to some of you out there.Enjoy. 

*

Ela awoke to a pounding in her head so bad that it made her wince. Damn Dwarven Brewfest. She vaguely remembered telling Zee that she had enough, but he kept pushing her to drink more. She could vaguely recall something about finding pink elekks and looking for the infamous wolpertinger. After that everything seemed to just get fuzzy and faded out. 

Ela groaned as consciousness slowly came back to her. Maybe the pink elekks had trampled her once they found them. She went to massage her temples with her hands ... but something seemed to stop her hands from reaching her aching head. She tried once more and this time there was a distinct metallic clatter that accompanied the abrupt stop of her hands. She slowly opened her eyes in an attempt to see what the problem was.

For a moment she was actually grateful. She was lying on her back on some sort of table. Everything was very quiet and the lighting was very dim. She was unsure as to her whereabouts, but she was very grateful that at least she wasn't waking up somewhere loud and bright as she wasn't sure her delicate state could handle that at the moment. But as she gazed at the hand that seemed to be willfully disobeying her commands that gratefulness quickly turned into apprehension. As she bleared through her almost assuredly blood-shot eyes she could make out an intricately engraved manacle encircling her dainty Night Elf wrist. It seemed to be made from some type of dark metal that she could swear she had seen before. Once again she tugged her hand, this time in an attempt to get her hand free from the offending device. Unfortunately the sudden movement only caused her obnoxious headache to flare up more and did nothing to remove her hand from the manacle itself. 

Ela gently moved her head to view her other hand and confirmed that it too was in a likewise predicament. She closed her eyes and quickly calmed her rising sense of dread. She was somewhere dark, but as she listened the only thing her long ears could discern was the faint sound of dripping water. A cave maybe? She breathed in deeply. Yes, must be a cave. It was dank and musty smelling, with a distinct aroma of bear? Yes, bear.

This actually calmed her because it helped remind her poor alcohol pickled brain that she was no ordinary Night Elf. She was a druid. A fairly well renowned druid if she did say so herself. She was the leader of a fairly good sized band of adventurers known throughout Azeroth and beyond. Her dear husband, Doth, was probably already looking for her for he was a warrior of no small repute himself. He often was the one who led the charge in front of the rest of their guild. He was strong and brave, which was saying a lot considering the fact that he was human. Still she could not deny her feelings for him and for many years now the two of them together had conquered many enemies as husband and wife.

Still, she would have little need of Doth to escape this predicament for her innate druidic abilities would allow her to escape from these silly manacles with ease. She calmed her mind further and reached inside herself. That last of the alcoholic haze fuddled her mind still, the headache a painful but distant throb in her temples as she began to slowly slip into her inner most psyche. There they were. She was a druid, a powerful one. She was specialized in the healing arts, but all druids shared one thing in common, that ability to morph their bodies into that of great animals. A bear or a great cat would be perfect for getting out of this dark cave, although to be honest the type of beast she shifted into was not really as important as the shapeshifting itself. For during that quick moment when she shifted from one form to the other her body would become completely incorporeal and that alone would allow her to slip through her bonds and get away. She decided to shift into her cat form, for it would allow her to be very stealthy and slink away into the darkness of the cave that much easier. 

She reached for the great cat with her mind, giving herself into the magic as the beast rushed out to overtake her body ... and ran headlong into an invisible wall. Ela's eyes sprang wide open in shock and her headache slammed into her like a charging Tauren making her moan loudly. What was wrong? Why couldn't she shift? 

In frustration she quickly jerked at her imprisoning manacles once more but the results remained the same. She cried out in frustration as she quickly shook her trapped hands and kicked her feet in a very un-elven fashion. This accomplished two things. One it made her headache pound even more. Two, it made her realize that her hands were not the only things that were entrapped with manacles. In the quiet darkness she gave each foot a quick shake and was answered with that telltale metallic clink of chains and could feel the hard, cold metal that encircled each ankle. This was bad.

She attempted to sit up, but the chains holding her manacled wrists were only so long. About the best she could do was prop herself up on her elbows. The dim lighting made it a bit difficult to even see as far as her feet, but she could still make out the manacles around each ankle. They were again made out of the same dark metal with the mysterious engravings as the ones around her wrists. The other thing she quickly made out was that her clothing was completely gone. Her light purple toned skin was completely exposed to the dank cave air, the only thing covering her was the darkness that seemed to press in on her from all sides now. This was way beyond bad. 

Ela slumped back down on the table. The rusty edge of fear started to make itself known as her heart rate began to speed up and her breathing began to take on a heavier pace. She shivered as the chill air of the cave finally registered in her mind upon her naked flesh. To add insult to injury her nipples began to harden from the combined effects of the cool air and the sense of panic that was starting to crawl its way up her spine. She once again closed her eyes, searching for that sense of calm that she felt as she tried to morph into the great cat.

Slowly her mind began to block everything out. She was a Night Elf Druid. She was a guild leader. She was not helpless. She could figure a way out of this. Her heart slowed, her breathing returned to normal. Methodically she calmed herself, letting the fear and uncertainty wash away. If shapeshifting wouldn't work, she would just have to think of another way. Here again she may be a healer foremost, but she was not without other spells. Maybe one of them would help free her from the situation she was now in. 

Wrath? Moonfire? Those might work if she could target the manacles or the chains that they were attached to, but it might also damage her in the process. She would save those for a last resort. Entangling roots? Ha, she already seemed to have that situation covered. Faerie Fire? Well that might help her to observe her surroundings better. Maybe that would help her plan her next course of action. She started to mutter the incantation for it when she quickly laughed outloud. "Oh Ela, you silly, silly druid." For it had just hit her that there was one spell in her arsenal that very rarely ever got used. It was a simple spell, but one every druid learned very early on in their training. Druids were nowhere near as talented as a mage for being able to bounce around the world, but one thing all druids could do was get home. Of course home for all druids, be they Alliance or Horde, was Moonglade. 

Ela hesitated. She would be arriving at the glade naked, but at least she would be free. Besides, all druids were stewards of nature, and being naked was really how nature intended everyone to be anyway so her pride would hardly be stung at all. With a quick sigh of relief Ela began to chant the spell that would whisk her away through the twisting nether and bring her safely to Moonglade.

The spell swirled up through her, expanding as it built to encompass her body. Then, just as before, it was like the spell ran into a wall of force that caused it to blow apart in her mind before it fully formed. Again Ela cried out in shock and pain as her headache once again burst through her mind. Was she completely unable to cast even the simplest of spells? If so she was well and truly trapped. She was not strong like her dear husband. Doth could probably snap these silly chains just with his physical strength alone. She was not agile like a thief. A good thief would find a way to pick the locks keeping the manacles enclosed around her wrists and ankles, or maybe just slip out of them all together and sneak away in the shadows. No, she was just a druid, and a druid with no magic was ... well, was a very scared, naked, and alone Night Elf in this case.

A single tear slid out of her eye and glided down her cheek leaving a wet trail of shame glistening on her skin. She was trapped here, wherever here was. She was alone and helpless. A tightness in her chest quickly grew as her situation finally took hold completely. With a hiccup sob she let the panic truly take hold of her as despair washed through her.

"Oh, Ela, there's no need to cry. I'm here!" A cute little female voice pierced the darkness and Ela gasped in shock. She quickly looked left and then right trying to spot the source of the voice, but spotted nothing.

"Down here, silly goose." Again that sickly sweet voice, a voice she knew only all too well as she glanced down to the right side of the table and laid eyes on Armyra, the guild's resident Gnome mage and tinkerer. Like all gnomes, especially female ones, she was a bubbly little thing that always seemed like she had to prove she was just as big and bad as everyone else in the guild. Still, she was damn good at her job, her job being to cause as much damage as possible in the shortest amount of time. Ela had seen Armyra light up a bad guy on more than one occasion and they would always start running towards the cute little gnome with her death in their eyes. More often than not though they were dead before they could even get within range of attacking her. On the rare chance that they actually closed the distance and lived, well the resourceful little mage would just freeze them in place, blink away a good 30 yards or so, and start lighting them up all over again. Occasionally a smart one would get it in their mind to run away, but all that seemed to accomplish was that the bad guy would just die a little bit further away and Armyra would just be disappointed that she have to waste even more mana to blink over to their corpse to loot their scorched and frozen bodies for any goodies they may have.

Ela was of mixed opinions about Armyra. It was nothing personal really, but the little mage did have a tendency to skirt the shady side of death quite often and more than once the druid had been forced to rescue her as the gnome picked a fight that was truly beyond her. She also had a bad habit of stepping in fire when she was too focused on "blowing up the big bad". Of course there was also the fact that gnomes only have four fingers... how weird is that. Still, at this particular moment Ela couldn't be happier to see the chipper little mage.

"Armyra, oh thank the Goddess. Please get me out of these chains. I don't know who put me here but we must get away quickly." 

The little gnome looked at her funny for a second and then laughed her cutesy little gnome head off. "He he He he. Now why would I do that? We haven't even started having fun ... yet." With that Armyra turned and walked away into the darkness of the cave. 

"Armyra? Armyra?! Where did you go?? And what do you mean we? Armyra?!!" Ela peered into the darkness as best she could, but there was no sign of the little mage. "Please come back. Armyra??" Ela dropped her head back onto the table in frustration. What the heck was going on? Did Armyra truly kidnap her? Was there someone else here besides her? Most of all where was this cave that they were in and why would Armyra bind her to a table like this with what she could only assume were some type of inscribed anti-magic manacles. She once again lifted her right hand up trying to get a better look at the unusual metal that was keeping her trapped here.

"You like them?" Armyra's voice once again sounded right next to her. She must have blinked back over to the table from wherever she was. "It took me forever to make sure I got those engravings right. Ela stared at Armyra in complete shock.

"You made these? But why would you do that?" Ela was completely dumbfounded now. 

"Why because Zee asked me to. Besides, I only did the engraving; he's the one who actually made the manacles and chains. Now just be patient a little longer, we're almost ready." And with that there was slight pop of air and Armyra was gone again. Ela continued to stare at the space her small body had occupied just a second ago like she might get some further answers from the empty air. Finally she shook her head as her brain finished processing everything the gnome had just told her.

Zee, that rotten, smelly, egotistical dwarf. Zee was Armyra's husband. Worse he was a priest, but not just any priest. No, Zee was a shadow priest. Where most priests were all about healing their allies and protecting them from harm, shadow priests were a group of dark, twisted pain freaks. They used spells to inflect agony and misery upon their opponents. The higher level shadow priests, like Zee, could even call forth pets from the shadow realm to aid them in battle. Ela had often wondered why she allowed Zee into her guild, but he was good at what he did which was, much like Armyra, causing a ton of damage in a short amount of time. He might not put out quite as much raw damage as his wife, but Zee did have one distinct advantage. He was like a Spring Rabbit in mating season, he would just keep going, and going, and going. Armyra would often have to take breaks to regain mana , but Zee very rarely ever ran out.

As if her thoughts of him were calling out, Zee suddenly materialized out of the darkness. At first Ela thought her mind might be playing tricks on her as Zee was in his shadow form. His body was shifted into a dark and hazy form which easily blended with the darkness of the cave. Ela blinked several times in an attempt to clear her vision, but it did nothing to help her eyesight lock onto Zee's shadowy presence. The rotten little dwarf began to laugh as he slipped closer to the table that kept Ela bound and frustrated. 

"Oh, aye, ye seem to be in a right nasty predicament now don't ya. Ah-hahahahaha." Ela's blood pressure began to rise as she listened to Zee laugh at her. Who did he think he was? "The mighty guild leader, brought low by a sneaky shadow priest and a flighty mage. Oh if this isn't a grand situation. Ah-hahahahaha. Wait until the rest of the guild hears about this."

Ela felt her fear disappear in a white hot wave of anger and frustration. Once again she jerked at the manacles that held her captive, but all that caused was for the metal to bite into her lavender skin. She turned and screamed in frustration in Zee's face. 

"Now, now. There's no need to get all hostile. As soon as Armyra is done with her little experiment we will let ye go." Zee's voice was very condescending. Ela looked him dead in the eyes, letting her anger and frustration boil up. 

"Zee, if you don't let me go right now I swear to the Goddess that I'm...."

"That you'll what? There's nothing ye can do right now, oh mighty guild leader. Those manacles are made from one of the metal plates that used to protect Deathwing's back. I'm sure ye remember those, considering how many times ye made us fight him. They were forged with all those eternal embers that we got from fighting Ragnaros and his ilk in the Firelands, again a place that ye just had to keep taking us back to over and over again. Why? So that we could amass more glory and loot, of course." This last part was said with such raw sarcasm that Ela was taken aback for a moment. What other purpose would there be for going after these horrible monsters on a weekly basis. 

"Well now ye can experience what it is like to be in a position ye just really don't want to be in. Ye see these manacles make it so that magic can be performed on ye, but any magic ye attempt will be quickly cancelled out. I'm pretty sure you've already figured out that ye can't just morph into some silly little forest creature and scamper away." With a loud harrumph Zee turned around and faced the darkness of the cave.

"Armyra, are ye ready yet?" Zee's deep voice bellowed into the darkness. There was again that funny pop of air being displaced as Armyra blinked into existence beside her husband.

"But of course you silly goose. I just had to make some final adjustments on my new invention." Armyra held up some type of circular device in her hands. It was about four inches in circumference and had a funny little knob on it that stuck out about an inch or so that was about half as big around as the device itself. Attached to both sides of the device were a couple of leather straps. For the life of her, Ela could not figure out what the purpose of the device was. 

Zee chuckled to himself. "Don't ye worry your pretty little elf head there too much. If my theory is right, and Armyra's device works as she hopes, life in the guild should get a lot better for all of us very soon." 

Armyra gasped in indignation. "What do you mean if it works? There's a 92.6% probability that it will work, ya big oaf."

"Aye, and if that other 7.4% comes to pass, what will happen then? Ah-hahahahaha." Zee looked over at Ela and gazed deeply into her glowing eyes.

"Well," Armyra got a funny expression on her face as she shuffled one of her dainty little feet back and forth on the dirty cave floor. "In all actuality there's about a 9.9% chance that the device won't work at all. The other 7.5% chance is that it will blow up." 

Ela blinked. "Umm, doesn't that come out to 110%?" Ela immediately knew she was going to regret even asking that question as the words left her mouth.

"Of course. A true gnomish engineer always gives 110% to everything she creates." Ela sighed. Leave it to gnomish engineering to come up with something that would blow up if it decided not to work right. Guess it could be worse. Goblins tended to build things that were supposed to blow up, but occasionally they blew up on the person using them instead of on the target it was intended for. Still, Ela had no clue as to what this particular device was going to be used for yet, and that more than anything was making her nervous.

"Well, I guess there's only one way to find out." Armyra moved down the table towards Ela's feet and hopped up on a couple of steps. Suddenly Ela was very much aware that the little gnome was now climbing up on the table and in between Ela's very naked legs. 

"Hehe, wow, even your bush is purple. I never would have guessed that." Ela could only groan in response as the little gnome bent over and placed the strange device right between Ela's legs. 

Ela started to cry out and thrash her body as much as she could, but suddenly her mind froze. She could feel another presence within her mind taking hold of her. She tried to fight it as the little gnome continued about her job of securing the device between Ela's legs using the leather straps to cinch it to her thighs on either side. The funny looking knob was now nestled directly onto the opening of her pussy. Still Ela fought, pushing as hard as she could with her mind to regain control of her body, but ultimately she just continued to lie there perfectly still as the gnome went about her job.
