 This is an extension of a storyline by dave_jones_50 called "The Fountain of Youth." Please read it for background. Set in a Sci-fi world where 'semen therapy' is medical treatment for women. No more botox or plastic surgery if a woman can be lucky enough to score a few loads per day. Of course us men are always looking for women to beg us to cum in her mouths, it's in our nature, get over it... If this world were to exist, businesses would be started to cater to that need. This is a business news story written by a reporter.

 I can't wait for the wacko's to "anonymously" make stupid comments as if they don't understand they are currently on a literary porn site reading fictional stories. Jeez...

*

Wall Street Business Times - Christina Cole Reporting - August 12, 2055 (AP) Reprint of her "Pull-It Surprise" winning articles.

"Recruiting is the top priority for the Gobbles franchise" said Megan Tyler-35, a pretty co-owner of this cafe that is now fastest growing franchise opportunity in North America. "Gobbles offers complimentary refreshments, all the current sporting events on big screen TVs, video games and atmosphere to attract the men that are in growing demand by our clientele" Mrs. Tyler continues, "We are now open from 10am till after midnight and next year Gobbles Corporate has plans to include breakfast hours with simple but hearty fare that will feature bacon, eggs, bagels and a juice bar. All free to men over 18." 

Gobbles, Inc. (GOBB-NYSE) was founded by Jennifer Barrons and her husband Rick in Tacoma, Washington 12 years ago and has grown to over 6,700 locations of both company owned and franchise specialty cafe's. It is currently the 3rd fastest growing publicly traded company on the NYSE. "The proven health benefits of Semen Therapy for women over 35 has driven sales skyward. The business model is profitable based on a $40 cover charge per lady. Monthly memberships of $1,000 are our most popular option right now." said Ms Tyler.

I spent the whole day with Megan and her husband Jim, the owners of this new location opened a few months ago, to get a feel for the brisk business these entrepreneurs have been experiencing from their investment. "It's a lot of work but also a lot of fun!" says Jim Tyler-37 "I get here around 9:30am and start the setup for the lunch rush. We sometimes have women waiting for us to open when I arrive, being the owner, I like to give some of them service personally if I can, especially if she is a monthly member. I like to have our members satisfied by myself or the kitchen staff if possible." Megan adds with a laugh, "that is if you have anything left after I get my first taste in the morning" This lovely couple really seems to enjoy owning this franchise.

Back of the house is a small office, restrooms, limited menu kitchen, walk-in refrigerator and dry storage. Front of the house is a very spacious cafe style dining room with a buffet, big screen TVs and bar. 10 doors along one wall lead to small comfortable rooms with small beds or padded benches for women who prefer to lead up to the goal of semen consumption with sex in privacy. On the other hand, many of the female customers prefer little to no chit chat so there is a glory bar along another wall with comfortable low padded stools to sit on while sucking an anonymous cock through one of the 10 clean glory holes. I interviewed a patron on her lunch break with some friends. 

"I see you are enjoying the glory hole facility here at Gobbles... do you come here often?"

She let go of average length but very thick brown penis that was in her mouth with a audible 'pop' while her hand kept stroking it at a brisk pace. "Yes... I do" said the attractive smiling woman who looked to be in her early to mid 30s. "I am a member and usually get at least one of my recommended 2 loads a day at a Gobbles franchise" Suddenly the anonymous penis violently spurted its valuable white liquid hitting her in the forehead dripping down over her right eye and cheek. She immediately placed her mouth over the appendage sucking and stroking the rest of the load out of the twitching donor behind the wall while using her well manicured digits to scrape up the errant sperm dripping from her face and quickly licked it off her fingers. I asked her this question while she was eating the last of the copious shot off of her diamond wedding ring. "would you recommend Gobbles to your friends?" She answered "Absolutely! I already do, I am proud to say that I am 56 years old and have been practicing Semen Therapy for over 20 years now" This reporter will admit that she seemed a little irritated with me for breaking her concentration and forcing her to reapply her makeup while another of her lunch group replaced her on the stool in front of the hole in the wall. What appeared to be an 8 or 9 inch jet black penis came through the hole as the next pretty lady began to stroke and suck on it.

In order to be fair and balanced, I quickly walked around to the donor side of the wall to find the owner of that thick brown cock among the crowd of about forty men eating lunch from the generous buffet. A heavyset Latino man in his 40s was putting on his jacket at a high table a few feet from the hole where a tall black man was now standing. I informed him that I was doing a story on this business franchise and he smiled as he agreed to answer a few questions in his thick Latin accent. "our readers would like to know what brings you to Gobbles today?" He answered "the Lunch and Load Special is a cheap and fast way for me and the guys to grab something quick to eat and bust a nut on a busy workday. The wife usually gets my first nut around breakfast and my last one of the day during the 'Tonight Show' I know that lots of guys charge the ladies for a healthy mouthful but I don't really care about that, ...and the burgers here are pretty good" 

A recruiting tool for the lunch rush at Gobbles has been free food for men of all ages as long as they are willing to provide a membership or cover charge paying woman with what she needs to achieve the proven results for her youthful appearance and overall health. The tall black man currently standing at the glory hole is now obviously cumming in the mouth of the woman on the other side. I stand and watch after he finishes as she hands him what looks to be a business card through the hole. He walks to the same table of the man I had been speaking smiling and shaking his head. He discards the business card disdainfully on the table and says "C'mon Juan, we need to get back to work" He looks at me and said "Sorry lady I'm fresh out" I tell him that I am a reporter doing a story about this franchise business. "Can you tell me about your view of this new Gobbles location?" He grabs his coat from the back of the chair "It's fine I suppose... if you want to grab a bite and throw some splooge. I know some guys who charge $50 to $100 for what I just dumped into that broads mouth. I just cranked one out for a cheeseburger, fries and a coke." They both laughed as they made their way through the crowd towards the door.

That's the problem with the demand for fresh semen being so high. Keeping your supply chain constant and affordable is a major issue for any business. Location is also important. Megan and Jim Tyler chose this location of their Gobbles franchise for its proximity to the local College and the city park with the softball and soccer fields about a mile down the road. "Real estate near the University downtown was prohibitively priced." said Megan as she was cleaning tables after the lunch rush. "after-lunch and afternoon business has been strong lately since we have been concentrating on attracting the college males to hang out. We have installed the latest popular video games and computer equipment so a guy can come in with his friends and relax. Keep in mind that a younger man can generate an additional dose within an hour or so of his first." She added "our ladies will generally start using the private rooms after the lunch rush, they tend to be housewives or retired and have a little more time to get their needs fulfilled" 

It's now 3 o'clock in the afternoon and what looks like a soccer team from the nearby College walks into Gobbles. After all the boys' IDs are checked and it's determined that they are all over 18, they join the 7 remaining paying afternoon customers who are now delighted that the dozen or so boys outnumber the mature women in the cafe. Megan's husband Jim now adds "this is truly a great example of why we opened this cafe, Megan gets her spunk for free and most days she can swallow almost 6 to 8 loads" Megan gleefully says "I just turned 35 and am a mother of 2 children, the Semen Therapy has actually made the stray grey hairs I used to have disappear! I feel like I did when I was 20" She waves over one of the boys and introduces him to me. "Pat this is Christina Cole from the Business Times and she is doing an in depth story on us." Pat shakes my hand weakly while shyly looking at his shoes. Jim then tells me that Pat just turned 18 last week and is still a senior in high school. He is the son of a neighbor and is practicing with some of the college boys to get on their soccer team next year. "We just got out of practice and came here to hang out and stuff" Pat said while still studying his sneakers. Megan leans over and starts stoking his dick through his loose sweat pants. "you know you and your friends are always welcome here as long as your folks know where you are" "Thanks Mrs. T" he says as he is now making a noticeable tent in his trousers.

I look around to see each of the women have at least one boy standing next to them at their tables. Some are chatting while others are already vigorously sucking the young men's dicks. A couple of the ladies are working double time, alternately sucking one while stroking the other. 2 of the mature women are walking their donors into the private rooms for a fuck before they swallow the prized liquid they happily pay the membership fees for.

Megan then reaches into Pats sweat pants and pulls out an stout 7 inch penis and keeps the pace of stroking constant. "you don't mind if we keep talking a little business, do you Pat?" "No ma'am" he answers. She turns to me and tells me "The younger men we recruit will blow a load much faster than the older men, our customers with limited time really appreciate that fact. Recovery time to the next donation can be less than an hour. The boys usually just hang out for a few hours playing games and every hour or so donate into the eager mouth of someone's mother or grandmother" "Ewww...!" was Pats reaction to Megan's last statement. "Well Pat..." Megan said soothingly "I'm someones mother and since you turned 18 you've cum in my mouth about a dozen times just in the past week" Pat relaxed a bit and said "when you put it that way, I guess it's OK." Megan dropped to her knees and took his young penis into her mouth.

Megan's husband and business partner smiled and said proudly while looking at his wife sucking off the high school senior "this should be her 3rd batch of spunk today" Megan looked at Jim without slowing down on the hard cock currently thrusting in and out of her pretty face and held up 4 fingers. "fourth?" Jim questioned. "Let's see..., me this morning at the house, I also saw you with the driver of the delivery truck just before we opened, you must have snuck up to the glory holes during lunch" Megan smiled and nodded with the dick sliding quickly between her lips as young Pat tensed up with an obvious orgasm imminent. Megan could sense the impending rush of splooge as she removed the young mans penis from her mouth and continued to stroke it at a frantic pace. "Christina, I want to show you why the recruitment of young men to our business is so vital to growing and retaining our paying clientele." She kept her hand moving on his shaft while gently cupping his balls with the other. All the while flittering her tongue beneath the head of his erection. The boys eyes were closed and his head tilted back towards the ceiling as first spurt of cum launched out of his dick. Megan opened her mouth wider after the spunk hit her upper lip and cheek. Pat groaned while the next 3 ropes of jism landed in his parents friends mouth and onto her chin. She then took the head back into her eager mouth to extract the rest of the juice the nice young man had to offer. This reporter was impressed with the quantity and admittedly so aroused that I just had to sample some of that fresh load still on Megan's face. I took my finger and scooped up Pats semen and quickly tasted it. Athletic young men always have the best flavor in my humble opinion. It was so tasty that I cleaned off the business owners face with my fingers and was able to eat more of his leftovers than some of the donations for which I have paid full retail price on other occasions. Since semen's health benefits degrade so quickly by oxidation it is considered rude or wasteful for a man not to cum directly into a woman's mouth. Megan allowed the facial she just got from her neighbors son simply to illustrate the quantity of his young seed for me and for my journalistic purposes. 

My attention went back to the others in the room. Some of the customers were already done with their young soccer players and were getting ready to leave since they just received what they paid for. A few others were just swallowing their fresh creamy prizes. Except for the slight hint of semen at the corner of these mature women's mouths, you could not tell that they just sucked off men young enough to be their sons or grandsons. 

I watched as one of the lucky ladies servicing two boys swallowed what seemed to be enormous loads one after another. She actually choked a little bit after the 2nd teenager finished emptying his cum filled scrotum into her hungry mouth. When she finally finished swallowing she caught me looking at her and gave me a big smile with a thumbs up. I walked over to the attractive woman as she was pushing the remnants of sperm from the corners of her mouth and licking her lips with a contented grin "I see you just scored a 'Deuce' with some young athletes. Can you tell me a little about your experiences here at Gobbles?" As the pretty blond woman replaced her ample breasts back into her low-cut dress she replied "I really like the consistency of the donations here. The place is clean and friendly and for the $40 daily cover charge, I can come in and swallow up to 3 times a day. Happy hour is why I'm here right now, the 'Deuce' I just ate only counts as one during happy hour so I will be back after taking my granddaughters to piano lessons and dinner. I have made lots of friends in the past few weeks with other women my age and it's good to talk about family and grandchildren with the other women." "May I ask your age?" I said as I tried to guess that she was early to mid 40's. "62 next month" said Carol, a divorced mother of 3 and grandmother of 7, while gathering up her coat and purse. "I know the FDA recommends 2 cum-shots per day but I like to get 3 or 4 if I can. The competition can get a little wicked here especially in the late evenings, just like everywhere else, so I like getting a load or two out of the way in the afternoon" She packed up her purse said her goodbyes to her friends at the table and walked out to the parking lot.

A steady stream of males and paying female clientele enter and exit the cafe this afternoon. Some men simply walk up to a lady and quickly crank one off then have a snack and leave while others sit and chat or go into the private rooms with one of the paying women. The capacity of the building is 175. Men and women at lunch was about 125 at its peak and during the slowest time of the day I witnessed no less than 20. 

Tipping by the women is allowed and expected these days in most establishments, yet it is usually far less at Gobbles than most women pay an agency to send a man to their home for out-call semen dosing. You can easily tell the women who come in without much time to waste, after being seated they place tip money on the table. These are the business women or very busy Mothers who just need a quick swallow. Plenty of parking allows for Moms to drop by for a stiff one. 

"the convenience of getting a fast load is great for busy 'Moms-on-the-go' like me." says an attractive brunette woman who's husband and kids are outside in the car. She placed $20 on the table and within a minute, one of the soccer players who had been hanging around playing video games with his friends is standing next to her. She reaches into his shorts and extracts a very nice looking 8 inch yet not very thick penis. Her other hand removes the chair seat cushion and places it on the clean tile floor. Everything here at Gobbles seems to be well thought out for their customers comfort. She kneels in front of the young man and starts vigorously sucking on it while using both hands to stroke it. She looks like a lady in a hurry. After a few short minutes of her attentions with the College boy he visibly tensed up as he flooded the hurried wife's mouth with a respectable amount of cum. An adequate amount for what should be his 2nd or perhaps 3rd shot of the late afternoon. She slowed her pace and swallowed the thick warm liquid. Squeezing the last drops out of his softening organ, she licked off the remaining spot of cream from the head of his penis and handed him the $20 tip. Not 10 minutes had passed since she walked through the door. This reporter regularly spends more time waiting for my dry cleaning so I am convinced of the value that the Gobbles Franchise can provide.

The time now is almost 6:30pm and the Tuesday evening rush is in full gear. Most of the ladies are now providing generous tips and a majority of the private rooms have the red 'occupied' lights above the doors lit. The after work crowd of men are taking advantage of the dining room and a few of the women are under the high tables while the men are enjoying dinner. Some of the tables are adjusted eighteen inches higher than the regular settings during the lunch rush. It makes it much more comfortable for a lady to sit on a low stool underneath while the donor is sitting on a bar stool. Small groups of a few men are sitting at the high tables talking about work or watching Sports and News programs on the multiple big screen TV's while women simply walk up and say something like "you don't mind if I do...?" Etiquette is important. No means No and a lady does not want to spend too much time blowing a man who may have just ejaculated very recently. 

"I prefer the high tables" says Mindy "I am five foot two inches tall and have no problem under there. I've always been a little shy and don't really feel comfortable with a lot of small talk so the tables and the glory-holes are the facilities I usually choose." I ask if I can tag along for my story. "Sure" she says with a friendly smile "I was just about to ask one of those two guys over there" turning to a high table as a couple of businessmen were ordering drinks from the attractive waitress. 

The men appeared to be in their mid 30s and dressed in professional attire with ties and sport-coats. I let Mindy lead the way as I had never done an under-table. Mindy addressed the men as we arrived at the high table. "Hi, are the lower seats available right now?" They both smiled, nodded their heads and started to unbuckle their belts while we proceeded to crouch down under the table. 

My newfound friend Mindy and I got under the high table fairly easily and I have to say it was roomy, clean and comfortable. I was able to sit on a padded adjustable stool that allowed easy access to the seated mans penis. As we were both bobbing up and down on their average sized cocks, my head was never in any danger of hitting the bottom of the table. I also noted that the bottom of the table had thin foam cushioning. Again realizing that the Gobbles franchise really does do what they can for their clients! 
