 Cleveland was a boring town. 

Rebecca had always wanted to live in New York or Miami. But her mother had been sick for so long. Then life just sort of got in the way. 

Still she and her husband found ways to make life bearable. They were, what her friends at work call, sexually adventurous. 

Becca was Bi, though she much preferred women as sexual partners. Not that she didn't truly love her husband. They both enjoyed sharing each other with different people. Swinging was a regular part of their life. 

Like at the beach house party. A wealthy couple they knew had some willing people stick around for the after party. 

There were three women and six guys. 

One couple just wanted to watch. The hostess got Becca's husband to herself. 

That left Poor Rebecca to please four men all on her own. Something she knew her husband would enjoy watching. 

The party's host, a man twice her age, slowly pushes down the straps of her pink bikini. 

She was in her early thirties, and though she had put on a few pounds, still had a hot body. 

The men who had gathered uncomfortably close around her certainly seemed to think so. A hand squeezing her sweet round ass sending shivers up her spine. 

The thin top finally falls away from her round E-cup tits. They only have the slightest of sag, the older gentleman finds as he gently squeezes them. 

Rebecca gasps as her curly golden hair is yanked from behind. Lips kissing her neck as her head is pulled back. 

Fingers slide into her pink bikini bottoms. What little gentleness there was disappearing as her wet pussy is roughly squeezed. 

"Whore." The old man whispers. The blonde gasps as he pinches her nipples. 

Her pink bottoms are untied and pulled away. She yelps at a sharp spank on her rear. 

Then she is pushed to her knees. The older man's suit gone. His hard cock, surrounded by little grey hairs, in her face. 

Obediently she leans in and, grasping the shaft, begins licking the tip of his dick. 

There are a couple more sharp slaps on her round ass. No doubt leaving hand marks on her pale skin. Then someone grabs her hips. 

She sucks in as much of the cock in her face as she can. Then Gwen moans long and loud around the stiff dick as her wet cunt is filled. 

"Fuck yeah." A man says from behind her. Slapping her rear again before pounding away. 

Like a jackhammer in her pussy the man uses her. The other men reaching for her big dangling tits. Groping and mauling her beautiful orbs. 

Her host's dick deep in her throat. She reaches one arm up to grab the man's ass. Carefully steadying herself with the other. 

She lets her body ride the wave of stimulation. The men, two of which she only met tonight, using her beautiful body for their own pleasure. 

This was how her husband liked it. Men using and abusing her. Fucking her like a toy. She wasn't a person. Just an object to be used up and tossed away after. 

Honestly that's how she liked it as well. With men anyway. 

With women it was usually different. She enjoyed fulfilling each other's needs. Her husband was usually fine with that. Though, on occasion he enjoyed watching Gwen get dominated by a female partner. 

Gwendolyn's body shivers as she has her first orgasm of the night. 

The cock in her mouth soon shoots its load. Most of which she swallows. 

Just another degrading act that helps turn her on.

Then the man behind her cums. His jizz dripping down her thigh as he pulls out. 

The men move to swap places. The two others impatient for their turn. 

Before she starts to swallow the next cock she glances over at her naked husband. Sitting on a lounge chair, the mature hostess straddling his lap. Bouncing up and down as she gasps her own pleasure. 

Nick gives her a smile and a wink before a rough hand directs her face to another crotch. Another hard dick. 

That was a few months ago. 

Now everything had turned to ash. There was no joy in her life. 

It had been more than a month since Nicholas had gone missing. And no sign of his return. 

I was enjoying the view. Karagoth, her hands tied behind her back, naked, on her knees before me. 

"How do you plead?" I asked. 

"I am innocent, master?" The orc woman said unconvincingly. Her big breasts jutted out as she leaned back. 

"I deny your request for mercy. You are to be punished for your crimes." I motion to her goblin guards. 

They step forward and force her face down. Into the dirt. Her sweet ass now in the air. 

"Begin." I order. 

"Oh, woe is me." The green girl moans. Also unconvincing. 

Gort, looking a little nervous, pulls back his hand and begins whipping her ass with a belt. Kara cries out with each lash, but is obviously acting. 

That's ok. It still gives me a raging boner. Much to Trishandra's delight. Sitting next to me, the half naked teen has her hand in my pants stroking my dick. 

After a couple minutes of whipping I motion for the goblin to stop. "It's time to show this whore her true place in this world."

"No! Please master. Anything but that." Kara says as Gort rubs his big green dick against her lighter green pussy. Another minion pulling her face up by her hair. 

She grunts as Gort shoves deep inside her. Then sucks in the dick pressed to her lips. 

I turn to the raven haired teen. She moans excitedly as I grab her large breast through her thin linen top. Little more than a plain white crop top. It's soft, but not as soft as her squeezable tits. 

I lift her shirt up revealing her glorious orbs. "Ooh, daddy!" Trish moans as I suck her perky nipples. Kara getting plowed by goblins nearby. 

Then the teen hops up, shimmies out of her shorts, and straddles my lap. 

I kiss her neck as she pulls my dick out. She groans loudly as she slides down on it. Her warm wet twat engulfing my iron fuck rod. 

The green orc coughs a bit as the goblin in front of her cums in her mouth. Only to be replaced by another. She knew how much seeing her abused by goblins, beings she could easily defeat, turned me on. 

Trish moans loudly. I can tell she is quickly rising toward an orgasm. She clenches her eyes shut, her arms loose around my neck. Her sweet, tight cunt bringing me quickly toward an orgasm of my own. 

I try to hold off as long as I can. When the teen cums loudly, though, I can't stop from filling her with my seed. 

"Mmn, thank you daddy." The teen whispers in my ear. Then, kissing me on the cheek, she stands up and heads off. Probably to find her twin. They had become insatiable since they lost their virginity. 

They gave their mother a run for her money in the lusty wench department. 

Gort had untied Karagoth, and was apologizing profusely to her. For her part, the orc just ignored him. None the worse for wear. 

When she sits down next to me I give her a loving hug. 

"Was that good?" She asks. 

"Oh yes. I enjoyed it very much." I assure her. 

She rests her head in my shoulder as we watch the others fucking. Half a dozen goblin men, and a few of the princesses. Plus Misoko. 

We had gathered a few more goblins since entering the Biladi lands. We were up to thirty two men. 

As I had hoped, life with us was better than living in the warrens and being a raider. 

We were perhaps a week out from that first village. We had been traveling on a hard packed dirt road for a couple days. We figured it would lead us to a bigger town eventually. 

In the early afternoon, as we crested a hill, we saw an ornate carriage. Flipped on its side. There were a few dead cat people bodies strewn about, and perhaps a dozen rat men picking over the wreckage. 

They were bigger than my goblins, though not as tall as me. Perhaps five feet. They were bulky and hunched. Covered in dark fur. Where the cat, and rabbit people had facial features that were reminiscent of humans, these had faces that were fully bestial. 

They had dragged a Biladi woman from the carriage. She was lying on her back as a rat man fucked her. Her fine dress had been mostly torn off. Revealing an attractive body, with grey fur and black stripes. 

They must have been at her for a while. There didn't seem to be any fight left in the exhausted woman. Even as we advanced down the road, the ratman on top of her gets off. Obviously satisfied. 

Two more make her get on her hands and knees. Docily she takes a cock in her mouth. Sucking as another is shoved into her well used twat. 

Clawed hands slap and pinch her big dangling breasts. Probably DD's. 

We are finally noticed when we get to the bottom of the hill. There are nearly forty of us after all. 

Ratmen draw short, sharp swords from their heavy cloaks. 

I had figured they would run when they saw us, but apparently they were intent on keeping their prize. 

The two fucking the abused woman simply drop her in the dirt, drawing their own weapons. 

We are probably fifty feet away when the beast rises from the other side of the carriage. 

It looked much like the ratmen. Standing on its hind legs. But it was eight feet tall and made of muscle. 

The beast roared as it charged toward us. An arrow from Misoko's new bow doing nothing to deter it. 

It crashed into our group like a wrecking ball. Sending goblins flying. None of my little green men turned and ran though. 

Close behind the rat-beast were its smaller cousins. Swords flashing as they met my green soldiers. 

Kara decides the giant beast is a worthy foe and begins laying into it with her axe. Swinging and dodging with a finesse surprising for such a large, brutal weapon. 

Gort and another goblin do their best to distract the monstrosity, while not getting mauled by its claws. Giving the leather clad orc opportunities to land blow after blow. 

I parry a ratman's blade then kick him in the chest as I move to slash another from behind. 

I can see a handful of goblins are down. Dead or injured, there isn't time to tell. 

The white Usagi girl fires arrows into the melee. Some striking the beast, some the ratmen. Amanatia stands next to her. Crossbow ready, but not secure enough in her skills to fire so close to our men. 

I kill another of the ratmen when I hear a loud gurgle and a thump from behind me. I turn to see the giant, dead on the ground. Kara desperately trying to free her axe from its skull. 

She needn't have worried. With their champion down the few rats left turn and scatter. Abandoning the fight. 

"Ooh, shoot!" The goblin princess shouts, barely missing one of the retreating foes. 

Three goblins were dead. A few more injured. Though, as before, I found I could heal their wounds with a touch and some words of encouragement. 

"Looks like you are a wizard." Kara says disapprovingly. 

"Maybe. Though I don't seem to be able to do more than heal goblins." I answer. 

We go check on the carriage and the woman. 

She is definitely the only survivor. Though, other than the sex, she seems unharmed. Miso helps her sit up, rousing her with water from her waterskin. 

The woman is attractive. Black hair to her shoulders, sets off her grey furred skin. The black stripes make her seem even more exotic than the bunny girl comforting her. 

I would guess she was a few years older than me, in my mid thirties. Already composing herself, she had an inner strength that was impressive. 

She stands, with Miso's help, and clasps her torn dress, in an effort to regain some modesty. 

"I am the Countess Divya. Am I speaking to my rescuers, or further captors?" She looks around dubiously at the goblins combing over the wreckage. 

"Today, lets say rescuers." I tell her. "I am...uh...Captain Nicholas. And these are my loyal men. Uh, and women."

She gives me a sly smile. "The title sits uncomfortably on you."

"Yes ma'am. It's fairly new." I hope I'm not blushing. "Lets see what we can do to get you back on your way."

"Nothing I fear." She says looking around with a slight shudder. 

On inspection, the rat-beast wasn't hiding on the other side of the tipped carriage to ambush us. It had been eating what was left of the horses. 

With some effort, we turn the ornate carriage back upright. 

"Thank you for your assistance." The Biladi woman says. "If you can escort me to Fazilk I would make it well worth your while."

"We would be happy to." I tell her with a smile. 

"Boss! Boss!" A goblin comes running to me with a piece of paper. "This is important. I think it's important. Is...is this important?"

He shoves the page at me. 

Drawn in chalk is the unmistakable form of the Countess's ornate carriage. "Where did you get this?" I ask. 

"One of doze rats." He says. Pointing to the bodies of the ratmen we had slain. 

I show the paper to Divya. "What does this mean?" She asks. 

"This wasn't a random robbery. Someone set those ratmen on you." Her eyes go wide at my revelation. 

"Who would do such a thing?" 

Looking in the distance for any suspicious sign, I answer, "I don't know, but it looks like you have an enemy. 

We take a long break. Gertrude helps the Countess repair her dress. Well enough to travel anyway. She probably won't wear it to any parties. 

Gort convinces me that twenty goblins could pull the carriage to town. If they swapped out regularly. 

Countess Divya is quite pleased at that and offers a bonus if we get it home. She isn't even too disgruntled when I inform her that she would still have to walk. 

"The lighter the carriage is the better chance we have of getting it the whole way." 

She stares at me for a moment. She has brown cat eyes with little flecks of gold. 

"You care for your men." She says. "You would not find many with sympathy for goblins."

After burying her servants, we are on our way. 

The elegant woman walks next to me as we travel. I ask her about the city we are traveling to. 

"Oh! A wonderful place. It has a delightful theater district, and many fine restaurants." Her description was not tactically helpful. But interesting all the same. I got to learn much more about upperclass scandals than I wanted. 

That evening Gort comes up to me and asks, "Hey, boss. We calling off sex time for tonight?" 

I ponder for a moment. "No. I don't think so. If our guest is offended I will invite her to take a walk with a couple guards." 

All the same, at dinner I sit next to Divya. "I wanted to warn you about what will happen after dinner." She looks at me intrigued. "Someone will tell a couple stories, usually me, then a group will gather to...well..."

"To do what?" She asks. 

"Well, there will be a small orgy. I don't want to offend you. So if you like I can have some guards escort you for a stroll."

She grins. "I wouldn't dream of it. A goblin orgy, you say? I would be quite interested."

So after the meal I sit and tell a couple stories of my home at the princesses' insistence. Then some blankets are laid down, and people start stripping. 

The countess grins, and her eyes go wide as the boy's begin fucking the girls. 

Sitting close to the cat woman, it is obvious the show turns her on. Her breathing comes faster. Her pointy ears twitch. She sits enrapt. Her hands caressing her thighs through the ruined dress. 

Finally she looks at me with a smile. "Delicious." She scoots closer. Our bodies now touching. She leans in and places one hand on my thigh while she points at the twins with the other. 

"See how the goblin's dark skin contrasts with the pale of the girls'?" Calli was on her back a goblin between her spread thighs. Trish was on her hands and knees above her, their faces locked in an upside down kiss. Another goblin riding her from behind. Occasionally slapping her sweet ass. 

"They are young. Yes?" The Countess asks. Her hand rubbing the inside of my thigh. Getting closer and closer to my crotch. 

"Yes, eighteen. Just barely women." We could hear Trishandra moaning loudly through her kiss as her first orgasm of the night approached. 

The cat woman's fingers are now caressing my hard dick through my pants. "It's all so exquisite." She whispers in my ear. "Ravish me." She orders. "Tear my dress off. Treat me like a whore."

She lets out an excited gasp when I rip open her blouse, and push her to the ground. I grab her big tits and lean in to suck firmly on her nipples. 

"Oh! Oh, yes!" She cries. 

I nibble on her little buds as my hands move down her dress tearing at where it was repaired. Once she is completely bare to my advances I roughly grab her wet pussy. 

"Ready, whore?" I growl at her. 

"Oh! Yes, please." She fumbles at my crotch, having a hard time with my zipper. 

I help her pull my hungry cock out. Then I grab her dark hair and yank her head back. I bite her bared neck as I plunge my dick into her wet cunt. 

The Countess's body shakes as she immediately has an orgasm. 

I pinch her nipples hard as she cries out, riding her orgasm for all it's worth. 

As she finally comes down I start to thrust inside her slowly. 

"Ooh, you feel so good." She tells me. Pulling off my shirt. She runs her hands up my chest. "So bare." My body shivers when she tweaks my nipples. Then she moves her hands to my back. Pulling me in close for a kiss. 

I hear Trish loudly having another orgasm, somewhere behind me as my tongue intertwined with Divya's. 

My cock twitches, and I grunt as I cum deep in the noblewoman's cunt. 

"Ooh, very good captain." She says as we rest. My dick slowly getting soft inside her. 

She slept snuggled next to me that night. Over the next couple days she enjoyed traveling half naked , or even fully nude at times. She also had sex with menu members of the troupe. Boys and girls. 

She especially enjoyed learning that Gertrude and her daughters were not just lusty, but also quite submissive. The countess could often be found giving one of them a sweet spanking. On the third day we began to see other travelers, and late in the day the walls of Fazilk. A good size city from the looks of it. 

It had been tiring work, but the boys had gotten the carriage to the town. The Countess got us through the city gates without trouble. 

We got a lot of stares walking through the streets, but soon were in the courtyard of Divya's large mansion. 

A dozen servants came out to greet her. They were dismayed at news of the deaths of her guards, but happy that she was back and safe. 

The countess introduces me to her people. Then tells them to take care of my men, before leading me inside. 

She takes me to a garden where she introduces me to her husband, the Count. After briefly telling him about the attack on the road. 

"Call me Ritvik." He says, taking my hand. 

I railed your wife, Ritvik. Out loud, "It's a pleasure to meet you sir."

"Captain Nicholas, saved my life dear. We owe him for his service. As well as for the carriage." Divya tells him, as she puts her arm around me in an overly friendly way. Though if he notices, he doesn't mention it. 

"I don't suppose you are interested in flowers?" The Count asks, as he leads us to the counting room. "It's really a fascinating subject." He continues, not waiting for my answer. 

Walking the halls behind him the Countess can't keep her hands off me. Squeezing my ass, kissing my neck, rubbing my crotch. All behind her unaware cuckold of a husband. 

We reach a small office. Ritvik sits at a large wooden desk. He pulls out a pair of accounting books and a sack of coins. The whole time talking about his passion, flowers. 

Behind him Divya runs her hand down my stomach and into my pants. Her fuzzy fingers stroking my cock to hardness. Though it didn't have far to go. 

With a wicked grin she drops to her knees. I gasp slightly as she pulls out my cock and sucks the whole thing inside her mouth. Her husband counting coins and talking about the best planting seasons. 

I can't last long. Not with her soft fingers caressing my balls, or the eroticism of the situation. Getting blown by a man's lovely wife, as he counts out money to pay me. 
