 The beautiful apprentice unhooked her skirt and let it drop to the stone floor of the wizard's lab. Her silk panties soon followed, leaving her slim pale legs bare. Her young pussy exposed. 

She was human, young and ripe. With long black hair, straight and shiny. Just barely eighteen and a virgin when she had been kidnapped by the old wizard. A prize he took after a band of adventurers had tried to slay him. The old man knew she hated him. 

That was part of her appeal. 

Made all too clear in the way she shuddered and looked away as his hand reached down to grasp her bare pussy. Her soft cunny plucked bare for his pleasure. She couldn't stop her little whimper of revulsion. The shiver that coursed through her body at his brazen touch. 

He softly rubbed her tender muff. His wrinkled middle finger just barely pushing into the wetness between her netherlips. His old man grin a look of victory. Relived every time he abused the poor girl. 

With a raspy chuckle, he tugged down her blue silk top. Just a tube of cloth that barely covered her small budding breasts. She gasped as her nipples hardened in the cool air of the room. 

He pinched one I love you of her hard buds. The girl moaned and looked up at him in shock. Knowing that soon she would be taking his old, hard cock.

She may have been his apprentice, but she wasn't his lover. She was a slave. A toy to be used and abused at his whim. One he loved to play with. 

Their lesson was over for the day. His ritual had been a success. He would take his pleasure from her. Then go and eat. Perhaps at a fancy tavern while she languished in her cell. 

The wizard bent her young, pale body over a rough wooden table. She winced as it dug into her hips. He tied her wrists behind her back with a length of hemp rope. Then with a grin he slapped her little ass. 

She squealed as his blows rained down. Stern painful strikes. Not the playful swats of a lover. Her ass quickly grew red. Throbbing with pain. 

The old man paused in his abuse. Sliding his bony fingers between teen thighs. The girl groaned as his wrinkled digits probed at her most precious spot. Finding her quit wet. 

The wizard pushed his robe open. Revealing that he wore nothing underneath. His old dick was long and skinny. Hard and erect above a pair of shriveled balls. 

She cried out as his dick shoved deep inside her. Each time was a fresh dishonor. Even though he had defiled her young body numerous times. 

The old man resumed slapping her ass as he thrust. Laughing as she sobbed. "Where's your father, whore. Who is there to save you?" He taunted. 

Dead, was the answer. And no one. There was no one to rescue her from her torments. 

The old man pulled out and forced her to her knees on the stone floor. "Suck." He ordered. Pushing his slimy dick against her clenched mouth. 

She turned her head in disgust. Refusing to partake in the foul act. A slap from the old man though, and she was docile again. 

She turned and opened her mouth. Tasting her own juices as his dick slid along her tongue. Prodding her throat and making her gag. 

The wizard grabbed her raven black hair and face fucked the girl. She choked and coughed as his dick went uncomfortably far into her throat. Then she was gasping for air. He had pulled out. Only to force her to stand by he long hair. 

He made her lie back on the table. Her arms still bound beneath her. She spread her legs in submission. Hoping to prevent further pain. 

The wizard grabbed a pair of candlesticks. The teen closed her eyes with a frown and turned her head as the candles were raised above her budding breasts. 

She hissed in pain as the first drops of wax splashed her young tits. Stinging like liquid fire for a moment before quickly drying and cooling. 

The wizard moaned as he pushed his dick back into the girl's tight cunt. Thrusting slowly as he dripped burning wax on her chest. He grinned at her obvious discomfort. 

Finally he grunted. His dick pumped his old jizz into her young pussy. Filling her with his mess. 

He pulled her to the floor again and she obediently took his flaccid cock in her mouth. As she slurped up their sex slime she gave him a look of disgust that he cherished. The teen slave, on her knees, looking up, hatred in her eyes, hatred and defeat, his old dick in her mouth. 

It would be years before she was powerful and brave enough to escape him. Years of abuse and violation. Years of diligent study and practice. Years spent in his cold tower. 

**********

We are on the boarder of Biladi lands. Traveling up the foothills of the Red Rose Mountains. This close we can see the reddish tint that gave them their name. Probably something to do with the soil. Iron content maybe? I'm not a geologist. 

The daunting mountains separated these non-human lands we have been traveling through, from the human kingdoms. Or so I have been told. 

"Many different lords and kings lay claims to the mountains. From both sides of the range." Priyala lectured as we marched. "No one has been able to tame them, though. There are a few independent settlements. But mostly the mountains are wild. Monsters, bandits, bad weather, and other dangers keep most out. Plus the humans don't really want anything to do with us." The cute cat girl grins up at me. 

"This human does." I grin back, reaching down to give her ass a squeeze. Much to her obvious delight. 

When we stop for a short break Rebecca snuggles up close to me. "Happy?" I ask smiling down at her. 

She smiles back. "Always, if I am with you." 

There's a thump and a plume of smoke a short way off. My wife frowns. "Those guns are going to change everything." She warns. 

I nod. "From what we've seen, magic dulls the need to advance science." Becca looks at me. "Why invent irrigation, when a mage can simply make it rain where you need?"

"Maybe that's why the Goblins are so interested in your stories." She suggests. "They have little or no magic among their people. No power in the greater world. Science could give them that power. Level the playing field." 

I nod, sure she's right. I point to where Amanatia and a few others gather around her kettle. I can see she has already made modifications. "You know, guns didn't tame the west." I lecture the beautiful woman. She grins, used to me expounding on ideas. "It was trains, the telegraph, and electricity. The less flashy things that made everyone's lives easier. Infrastructure."

"Some would say that wasn't a good thing." She suggests. I just shrug. I have little patience to those who would stand in the way of progress. 

That evening we decided to throw a small celebration. We were close enough to the mountains that I declared we had officially left Biladi lands. The mood of our band seemed to be one of excitement. Ready to tackle what cane next. 

A nice dinner was cooked and we even broke out sweets for everyone. 

After dinner nearly everyone joined in the evening orgy. Even some of the Nathair, who have definitely been warming up to the rest of us. 

My followers partner up, or collect in small groups. Stripping and touching. Soon the air is filled with moans and gasps as they enjoy each other's bodies. 

I look around, Natia bounces up and down in one of the snake men's laps. Her big goblin breasts jiggling. 

Gort thrusts into Kara from behind. His hand slapping her lighter green ass in time with his fucking. 

I see Sakura's pink fuzzy body under a group of goblins. Her legs spread and head tilted back as she takes green dick at each end. Plus another who straddles her chest and dry humps her perky C-cup tits. 

Rebecca groans loudly as she bends over. Taking one of the big Chockwa men from behind. His thick blue cock spreading her human pussy. 

Minna squirms playfully on my lap. One of the Roden, a mouse girl. She is thin and as short as the goblins. Her skin is a dark grey and velvet smooth. She has perky B-cup tits and a cute little ass. 

She shivers and giggles as I caress her big round ears. Her small hand tugging at my hard cock. "Put it in me, master." She begs in her cute, high pitched voice. "I need you to fill me up."

I lay her down on a blanket. The mouse spreads her legs for me and grabs my shoulders, pulling me close. We both gasp as I thrust into her tight pussy. Other couples fucking nearby. Our moans are lost in the sexual cacophony. 

After she has a little, squeaking, mouse orgasm I flip her over. I settle above her little body and push her long tail aside. Minna gasps as I enter her from behind. She reaches back and caresses my cheek as I thrust deep inside her. 

I groan through my own orgasm when I finally finish. I roll over sated and tired from the day's march. The little mouse girl snuggling affectionately up to my side. 

We are in the mountains now. Making our way through a series of valleys. Trying to get to a pass that will allow the easiest journey through. 

We rest beside a wide stream. It pools among some boulders where we break for a light meal. 

Most of the girls have stripped. My slaves make a wonderful sight in the sparkling mountain water. Splashing and frolicking. 

I start to pull my boots off when Gort comes huffing up to me, out of breath. 

"Trouble?" I ask with a raised eyebrow. 

"Not yet." He catches his breath. "We're being trailed by some Goblins. Mountain Goblins."

"That different from your boys?" I ask, pulling off my shirt. 

He shrugs. We are much farther than he has ever travelled. "I don't think they'll try anything. We look pretty battle ready now, Boss." The little green man looks around as I pull off my pants. 

"The scouts think they may have been scoping out the princesses, though." He hops from foot to foot. Nervous. 

I raise another eyebrow at him. Then turn my head. I hear Becca's lovely laugh somewhere behind me. I spy her, water glistening off her big beautiful orbs. She pulls one of the twins close for a kiss. Before splashing and diving away. 

"The princesses?" I turn back to my lieutenant. 

"Get yourself a princess and you can maybe start your own warren." He shrugs. 

I nod. It makes sense. Basically turn the poor girl into a baby making factory. 

Something else to watch out for. 

A shiver rubs through me as I step into the water. It's cold! 

"Freezing." I moan as I submerge. 

When I come back up I hear, "I'll keep you warm, handsome." In a husky voice. The big, blue Harper. Naked and wet and grinning. Her giant tits near my head. 

"I'll take you up on that later, beautiful." I grin back at her. 

"Promises, promises." She laughs. Then pulls me in for a deep kiss. I happily reach around and squeeze her big round ass. 

Then her tail thrashes the water as she wades off. 

We travel for a week. The terrain definitely tougher than the plains and forests we left behind us. The weather stays decent during the day, but gets cold at night. 

We are nearly halfway through the range according to our map, when we spy a town. Low and grey. It seems to hug the ground menacingly. Surrounded by a couple dozen farms. The only building over two stories is a large wooden contraption at the center. Like scaffolding surrounding a trio of large cranes. 

"Let's get close and rest." I order. "See if they send out an envoy. 

Sure enough, within the hour a trio of what must be Dwarves ride out on big ponies. They wear full plate and carry big axes. They each have a long ornate beard. 

"Hallo, the camp!" The center one calls in a deep voice. He has a leathery face and an almost comically round nose. His beard is a dark blonde, and hangs to his knees. Braided in three big plaits. Iron rings have been braided into them, fully reflecting the sun. 

I step forward. "Greetings. I am captain Nicholas. We come in peace. Mercenaries passing through the mountains."

"Mercenaries, eh?" The center Dwarf hops down. The other two stay mounted looking grim. "Looks like a band of Gobbo raiders to me." He growls. 

The Dwarf stands just under five feet tall, but husky. I'd bet he outweighs me, even without all his gear. 

"Yes, sir. Many of my troop are Goblins. But I assure you, not a raider among them." Anymore, I think to myself. 

He looks at me askance. As if saying we both know that wasn't true. 

"Name's Snamnir." He reaches out his hand and we shake. His hand is rough and iron hard. Warm. "An' if you've golds to spend, I suppose you're welcome. Gobbos or no." 

We strike camp with the Dwarves watching us closely. Though I notice his gaze lingers more on the ladies than my goblin soldiers. His companions' too, though they try to hide it. 

"We don't get many travelers from this side of the mountains. Not many travelers period, really. Heading home?" He asks as we walk. 

I shake my head. "Not really. I originally come from much further away." 

We follow him past a few farms and through a big, strong gate. Snamnir walks with me, leading his husky pony. "Welcome to Obstinate Hold."

He doesn't stop talking. Almost as if this is his only opportunity. He gives us a little history about the valley. The town is here to mine iron and copper. 

"Is that what the cranes are for?" I ask. 

The blonde dwarf nods. "Aye. 'The Pit.' A great hole in the ground. See the town needs to be above ground to watch over the farms." He goes on to talk about guarding against raiders. 

I get the impression that he is a sort of cross between a sheriff and a militia captain. 

"If you have a suggestion, we would like to rent out an inn for a couple nights." I suggest. 

Snamnir nods. "Molly's would be my choice. Ale's watered, but she serves the best spiced potatoes." 

The three lawmen are nice enough to lead us across town. Molly's is a two story building. Made of dark brick and stone, with peaked roofs. 

I thank the talkative dwarf and head in. 

Molly herself meets me at the door. "Whole town said you were comin'." She explains. 

Molly is a handsome woman. With long braided hair, but no beard. A bit husky. She wears a peasant style dress with a leather apron. Her blouse is cut low to show off her ample cleavage. A change from the ladies we passed in the street who mostly wore neck to ankle dresses. Many of them worn leather, rather than a softer material. 

"We would like to rent out the whole building. Probably for a few days." I offer. 

We haggle on a price then she invites us in with a big sweep of her arm. 

The building has six rooms upstairs and two down. Plus the common room, and space in the attic. We divvy up the rooms, with me getting my own. 

"Small groups. And not many at once." I order Gort to let the troops explore the town. "We don't want any trouble." Before I head out to tour the Obstinate Hold with my wife and Kara. 

Rebecca wears a sensual dress. Slit high on one side, but still more demure than her normal clothing. 

We get plenty of looks from the town's people. Mostly the women. Often people would come to their door or window to watch us pass. Hopefully that won't last long. 

'The Pit' is just that. A big hole in the ground. Probably a hundred yards across. Scaffolding and ramps descend into the dark below. The cranes dangle multiple lines into the depths. 

I can't help shivering as I look down. 

...something...unwholesome...I don't know. 

I shake my head as we walk away. We do some window shopping as we explore the town. 

Plenty of handcrafted goods. They look like high quality stuff. A lot of metalwork. 

"This would be a good place to buy more weapons." Kara suggests. "Good, sturdy gear."

I buy my two loves pastries from a shoppe in a market square. Then we head back to the inn. 

In the evening I push Becca's face down between Kara's green thighs. The beautiful Orc growls as my wife licks her bare pussy. 

I slap Rebecca's round, upturned ass. Enjoying both the way it jiggles and her cute little 'yelp' of pain. 

I grab and squeeze her asscheeks. Spreading her pussylips with my thumbs. The blonde moans as I slowly push into her sweet love tunnel. Then she goes back to licking her Orcish mistress as I thrust. 

Later I lay on my back as Karagoth rides me cowgirl style. Becca hugging her from behind. Squeezing her massive green tits. 

I smile and sigh contentedly. 

What a way to end our first night here. 

**********

Catherine had escaped her cruel master when she was twenty two. Finally brave enough to run. Though not to face him. 

She stole a spellbook, her father's journal, and as much supplies as she could fit in a large bag and slipped away into the night. Not even sure where to go. Though she knew it had to be far from the perverted wizard's tower. 

Alone, she traveled across the countryside. Occasionally stopping at small villages. Eventually finding her way to a large city. 

She spent a month sleeping in alleys and scrounging for enough to eat. Spending each day desperate, frightened, and hungry. 

She found she could often trade blowjobs for food. Then she would swallow her pride, as well as men's cum. 

Hungry and cold, Catherine agreed to work for a baker for a short time. Simply for the offer of regular meals and a cot in the pantry. 

That first night she awoke as the fat baker had slipped into the pantry. He held a candle and she could see he was naked. His fat cock dangled below his big belly. 

The young woman pulled her thin sheet up to her chin. Cowering. A little voice in her head cried out, told her that she was better than this. Powerful. But years of abuse at the wizard's hands was too much to overcome. 

The fat man tugged off her sheet. Grinning to find she was as naked underneath. Her body even more beautiful than he imagined. He boldly grabbed one of her tits. They had grown into full, perky C-cups. They could hear his fat wife snoring upstairs. 

The raven haired girl whimpered as his fat fingers slid up her inner thigh. Yet she obediently spread her legs at his touch. Catherine clenched her eyes as his fingers groped her sex. His fat face leaned in and slobbered on her tits. 

She let out a loud "Oomph!" As he settled his bulk on her much smaller frame. Submissively taking his thick cock as he thrust into her fuck hole. 

The fat man didn't last long. He grunted like a pig as he emptied his balls into her. Then he kissed her forehead and left. 

She cried herself to sleep that night. Ashamed that she hadn't fought back. Her old master had taught her she was just a cunt to be fucked and abused. She didn't know how to escape that without starving. 

At least the baker treated her better than the wizard over the next few weeks. And her corner in the pantry was nicer than her cell. 

**********

We have rested in Obstinate Hold for two nights now. The plan is to leave the next morning. Before tackling the other half of the mountain range. 

The tougher half, as I have been warned. 

My goblins have been running all over town. The Dwarves were suspicious at first, but soon warmed up to them. They had never met such inquisitive green skins. Probably had never met any, period. I think they view my group as an amusing oddity. 

Amanatia and her crew were excited. She had convinced me to purchase materials for a portable blacksmith. They bought a cart, couple mountain ponies, a small anvil, and a couple crates worth of gear. 

It would be a workshop we could take with us. Not as full featured as a blacksmith shoppe would be, but still quite useful. 

I had enticed Oslafa into my room. I have found the big bear girl to be quite shy. The Urzo seemed like a proud and fierce people. Unfortunately her torments at the hands of the sorcerers seems to have left her timid, and unassuming. 

Harper had taken the girl under her wing, though. The blue woman and her brothers were teaching the bear how to fight. Even with only one arm, Oslafa could nearly bash a tree in half with her heavy iron mace. 
