 "You won't be keeping your word then?" Snowy asks quietly from beneath me. 

I rub the tip of my cock against her soft pussylips. Teasing the thin woman before I fuck her. 

"No. You are Kara's slave now." Her eyes light up at the thought of the strong Orc woman. "You serve us. Not the other way around." We both moan as I drive my cock deep inside her. 

Our troupe is already days away from the Dwarven mining town of Obstinate Hold. Even further from her cliffside tower. 

She drags her fingers down my back as I thrust. So cold, I wonder if she leaves a trail of frost. The young pale woman is a frostmage. Her actual name is Catherine Winterkiss. The boys gave her the nickname Snowy. 

Just days ago we were enemies. 

Now I grin as I bite gently at her perky nipples. Her hands running through my short hair. Holding my head to her breast. 

She seems to be a skilled spell caster. She is definitely a submissive whore. Kinky as my own wife. 

Snowy seems to enjoy being fucked rough by the goblins. Then sharing Kara's bed at night. 

She clenches her eyes as she orgasms beneath me. Letting out one long, shuddering moan. Her tight pussy pulsing around my cock. 

As she comes down, I kiss her passionately. My own orgasm washing over me. My dick spraying it's load deep inside her. 

Later we snuggle together in the dark. The camp sounds quiet outside. It's late. Most of my followers have gone to bed. 

"You need a horse." She says sleepily. 

I give her a little smile in the dark. "We have horses." I explain. It's true. We have four carts. Each with a team of two horses. 

"No." She insists, lifting her head up. Less sleepy now. "A real horse. A warhorse. One fit for a mercenary Captain. Humans won't take you seriously otherwise." She lays her head back on my chest. "It's all about status there." She says as she yawns. 

A couple days later I hold my hand up to shield my eyes as I gaze across the low hills ahead of us. We are technically in human lands. Though there aren't any settlements here. 

This side of the mountains seem dry. There are also more mountain Orcs. Though none of them came close enough to tussle with us. Perhaps word got out. 

We can see cooking fires a long way off. A small town, or large village. But at the speed we are going won't get there till tomorrow. 

"Snowy suggests I get a horse." I tell Karagoth as I sit next to her on a large rock. Intimately close. 

"The wizard knows much about humans. I would listen." Is her gruff answer. 

"Do you know anything about horses?" I ask. 

Kara shakes her head. "They don't like Orcs." she informs me. 

I look around the camp as people around me pack up. I'm not sure anyone here would know. 

"Let's keep an eye out, I guess. She said status will be important here." 

Kara raises one silver eyebrow. A trick I'm sure she learned from me. Then she gives me a curt nod. 

It's a village. One with a few outlying farms and a wooden wall. Plus guard towers to the north and south. Obviously ready for trouble. 

We make camp a few miles away and I head in with Rebecca. My beautiful wife is dressed much more demurely than she has since she arrived in this world. Much to her disappointment. 

She has on a long black skirt and plain white peasant blouse. Covering her to her neck. Though it does nothing to hide the fact that she has a massive bosom underneath. 

The way her tits bounce makes me sure she chose undergarments to do just that. Out of spite or mischievousness. 

I worry that the humans will not be as...accepting as the peoples across the mountains. 

For a moment I catch a glimpse of the silver Mitzi high in the air. Watching over us in case of trouble. 

Three men wait for us a couple hundred yards from the village. The older man in the middle looks rough. One of the younger men shares his features. A son? All three wear hardened leathers, and carry sharp pikes. One of the young men has a loaded crossbow. 

"You represent the hoard?" The older man asks. Looking me in the eyes. The younger men can't draw their gazes away from Becca's chest. 

"I am. My name is Captain Nicholas. Though we are no hoard, and mean you no harm. We are mercenaries looking for work. Hoping to pass your charming town." I announce. A slight variation on the usual speech. I wonder if we need a name. And a banner. 

His face softens slightly. "I am Gareth. Town constable. You are welcome, but not your...men. I'm afraid." 

I nod. "Good enough. We will purchase some supplies and be on our way in the morning then." 

The three men lead us through the wooden gate and into the village. Gareth points out a few of the more important buildings. General store, inn, blacksmith. Then he gives us his leave. 

Becca and I make arraignments at the inn to stay the night. Then we spend the day shopping. 

I am a little disappointed there isn't a stable in town. 

We sit down to eat at the inn, in the early evening. I nod at the constable who sits at a corner table with his son. Then dig in to a nice country meal. 

The humans here are obviously not as squeamish about eating meat. I look down at a hefty slab of boiled beef. 

"I'm not sure I can eat this." Becca says. 

I nod. Thinking of sweet Betsy back at camp. I may be off meat myself. At least the kinds that I have met in my travels. 

As we pick at our food, a fanciful man enters the inn. Dressed in a long sparkly robe and a tall, pointy hat. He looks clean and boisterous. Not like the farmers and workmen who mostly fill up the dining room. 

The man create a small burst of blue flame from his hand as the waitress takes his order. He brazenly grabs her ass as she heads off to the kitchen. Then he looks around the room hungrily. 

His gaze stops on my wife for a long while. Openly sizing her up. 

He only looks away when his food comes. The wizard eats quickly. Occasionally glancing at Rebecca. I find my hand frequently brushing my sword hilt. Unfortunately, not my crystal mage slayer. 

As he chuffs down the last of his ale, a family walks in. Another farmer, I guess. With his wife and daughter. Both decently attractive. 

The wizard seems to think so. He grins at the two new women. I'd guess the daughter at eighteen and the wife at early thirties. Neither as good looking as Becca. Together though, they interest the wizard greatly. 

There is a crackling sound from the wizards table. I see him moving his fingers as if pantomiming a puppeteer. 

the two women's faces go blank as they walk jerkily to the wizards table. The fancy man stands up with a grin, putting his arms around each woman's waist. 

The farmer takes a couple steps after his family. Then he stops when the wizard gives him a warning glare. The trip head toward the stairs, and the rooms above. 

"That was about to be me." Becca whispers with a shudder. 

I nod looking at the constable. The older man just looks down at his plate. His shoulders hunched in obvious defeat. 

The farmer turns from the room with tears in his eyes and flees the inn. 

Slowly we finish our meal and head upstairs. My happiness at being among my own race marred by the wizard. 

In our room, Rebecca gives me a big smile and shimmies out of her clothes. I step to her and grab her big tits. Her purple bra is small enough that the tops of her areola are showing. 

I squeeze her wonderful breasts, making her nipples pop out. Leaning in I suck one. Then the other as my wife gasps. Then I nibble her little buds. Making her moan as she caresses my sides. Pulling up my shirt. 

We kiss as my shirt comes off. Her hand slides into my trousers as our tongues explore. Her fingers wrap around my hard cock and Becca moans happily. 

She drops to her knees before me. Her big tits jiggling with every movement. Then she pulls my pants down. Freeing my dick. Now it's my turn to moan as she kisses the tip. 

I reach down and run my fingers through her curly golden hair. Her soft lips kiss their way down my hard shaft. Then her wet tongue licks its way back up. 

"You feel so good." I groan as Becca takes my cock in her mouth. Gently sucking and licking. Soon she is taking it deep in her throat as she swallows the whole thing. Her tongue tickles my balls as she goes all the way down. 

Rebecca gasps as she comes up for air. Looking up at me and smiling. Proud of herself and excited in her lust. I pull her up and kiss her again. Then I practically throw her onto the bed. Yanking her panties off as I do. 

Face down, she turns her head to look back over her shoulder. Giving me a passionate laugh as I climb on top of her, and grab her hair. 

We both moan as my dick enters her from behind. I close my eyes and enjoy my wife's tight, wet pussy for a moment. When she starts to whine her need I pull out and thrust. Filling her with my dick. 

As we fuck I lean in and bite her shoulder. Reaching down and slapping the side of her ass. 

Rebecca shivers to an orgasm quickly. With me not far behind. 

Afterward we lay together in post coital bliss. Becca looks at me when we notice the sound of a woman moaning passionately next door. Quickly rising to cries of pleasure as she climaxes. 

Then we faintly hear a woman beg. "Please. Not my daughter. Take me again." 

There is that crackling sound. I can hear it through the wall... 

Moments later we hear another woman moaning her pleasure. A different woman. 

"He's awful." Becca whispers. I nod. 

What can we do though? Even the law here didn't lift a finger. 

Later, Rebecca has drifted off. But I am still barely awake. Sure I can hear both women moaning at once. Mother and daughter. Together. 

In the morning I find constable Gareth, while my wife packs. He sits on a rocking chair outside his little jail. Smoking a pipe and looking thoughtful. 

"Good morning, sir." I offer. 

"Morning, Captain." He says. "On your way soon." I'm not sure if it's a question. 

"That's the plan." I raise my eyebrow at him. "Unless their is work to be had for skilled mercenaries?" 

He shakes his head. "We don't care for trouble..." he stands suddenly. "Actually, there may be something." He bids me to follow. 

"There has been trouble with Ogres. The merchants may cough up a few golds if you could remove them." He takes me to the General store and introduces me to the proprietor. Before I know it there are four other men offering a small, but tidy sum to kill the Ogres. 

By mid-morning Rebecca and I are back at camp. Discussing our new job with my war council. 

It takes two days for my boys to scout out the Ogres lair. A large cave in the side of a crumbling hill. 

I had ordered them to avoid the human residents of the area. Or to be very polite if they couldn't. I can't help feeling like we could be sitting on a powder keg of racial tension if we aren't careful. 

I approach the cave under Kara's protest. She had wanted to sneak in at night and have our snake people silently slit their throats. 

The thought made me a little queasy. 

"Hello, Ogres!" I call from a safe distance. Three big, ugly men stomp out of the cave. eight or nine feet tall with ugly caricature faces, and fat. They brandish clubs at me, but look nervously at my troupe. 

"You will leave this place, and not return. Or I will kill you." I demand in my most authoritative voice. 

This seems to make the Ogres angry, unfortunately. "Stupid human!" One bellows. Then the trio lumber at me. 

They receive half a dozen crossbow bolts to their barrel chests before they even reach me. Then I am diving past, slicing at a meaty leg. 

There was never much doubt about the outcome here. I turn and jab the one in the center in the back a couple times. The Ogre on the left already slumping to the ground. His neck and shoulder a spray of blood and gore from Karagoth's mighty axe. 

I have a small army. The Ogres have impressive resilience and strength. In the end they quickly fall to me and my men. 

Other than scrapes and bruises no one is even hurt. 

Kara gives me a look as she wipes off her axe. I can hear her voice in my head. "In the dark, or in the sun, butcher's work is butcher's work. It should be done quick and safe."

Maybe she was right. I had hoped they would listen though. As a leader of sellswords, could I have any room for compassion?

Later, that night Harper shrugs and grins at me. "She wasn't wrong." The big blue woman says. "We could have lost someone." 

Her loose dress is already stripped down to her waist. At just over seven feet the woman can be a bit intimidating. I do so enjoy squeezing her giant breasts, though. I feel her tail wrapping back behind my legs as I suckle one of her nipples. Her hands hold me to her chest lovingly. 

Soon she has me on my back. Riding my dick cowgirl style. Her palms flat on my bare chest. 

I run my fingers up the outside of her arms. Trailing along the golden spots up and down her light blue skin. Up to her neck, then her cheeks. I press a thumb against her lips and she greedily sucks it as we fuck. 

My other hand moves down to her bouncing tits. I grab the same nipple I had suckled before. My fingers rub and pinch. Harder and harder, until she whines around my thumb. Her face awash with her pain and pleasure. 

I let go and her tit snaps back. Wobbling with the action. Then I do the same with her other nipple. 

This time I don't let go when she whines. Waiting till she groans and shudders to orgasm. 

Her pussy throbs around my dick till I cum with my own groan. I grab her big hips and thrust up into the beautiful Chokwa woman. Spilling my seed inside her. 

She rolls off and lays on her belly. Resting on my thick bedroll. I lay there breathing heavily for a few minutes. Then I sit up and move to straddle her round, blue ass. 

She has a long braid of black hair that grows out of the top of her nearly bald head. Longer than her seven feet. She usually has it curled in loops out of the way. 

I take the end and tickle her golden spots up and down her back. More random here than the lines on her arms and shoulders. 

"You need to lead how your heart desires." She tells me with a pleasured sigh. "Life is too short to be something you're not. If you had just butchered all your goblins, we wouldn't be here now."

I nod, though she can't see. More food for thought. 

My dick slowly gets hard between her big asscheeks. I hear her moan with humor and pleasure. "Round two?" She asks. 

We spend a few days traveling deeper into the human kingdom passing a few small villages. 

I had spent so much time heading here. Thinking this would be where my destiny lay. I wanted to take the time to find it. 

We hadn't seen many travelers yet. I got the feeling this was the frontier of the kingdom. Mostly farmers heading to the closest town. 

One morning we came upon a stopped wagon and a handful of people standing around it. 

They raise their hands in surrender as we approach. 

"You can put your hands down. We mean you no harm." I call out. They look at me dubiously, but lower them. "I am Captain Nicholas. Are you in some sort of trouble?"

An older man steps forward. He has a kindly face, a bushy mustache, and a round stomach. "Good sir, our wagon threw a wheel." He points. 

Their cart looks worn, even to me. Similar to a covered wagon that settlers would have used back on my world. 

"Perhaps we can help." I offer. He smiles and nods. 

The boys unload their portable smithy as the man talks to me. "You can call me 'ole Gopper. These wonderful kids are Heart and Lace." He introduces a young couple. Both attractive and wearing what I would assume are dancer's outfits. Colorful with bells on. "And this is Rollik." A large dumb looking fellow. "I am a spice merchant by trade. Hoping to purchase some rare spices from the mountains, but this trip has been one long disaster, I'm afraid."

I sort of tune out his tale of woe as I watch my men work. Repairing the wagon's wheel. 

After a couple hours the wagon is ready to go. "I can't thank you enough." The old man gushes, pumping my hand. 

"Hey, no problem. Happy to help." I assure him. 

"We look to be traveling in the same direction." He probes. "Would you mind if we traveled with you for a ways? Safety in numbers and all that?"

I nod. "Sure, that would be fine." I tell him. 

I check to make sure Kara is fine with it. The beautiful Orc woman seeming indifferent. Then we head out. The wagon falling in place at the back of our group. 

In the evening, Amanatia looks up at me with disappointment in her big, bright red eyes. I tenderly caress her cheek. 

"I'm sorry. I know you love them, but no stories for a while. Not until our guests leave." I explain. 

My troupe likes the stories of my homeland. Especially the goblins. And while they like the history and political lessons, they love the technical descriptions of devices and gadgets. 

I just don't feel comfortable revealing those things in front of an audience we may not be able to trust. 

She nods and gives me an understanding smile. 

Our traveling companions move through the camp. They seem friendly. Very interested in my troupe. 

The two dancers even put on a show for us. It reminds me of gypsy dance. Though I don't feel they are actually all that good. Rollik plays a combination drum/tambourine. Keeping a beat for the two siblings. 

Gopper had revealed that all three were his niece and nephews. Though I noticed that they only set up two tents. It looked like Lace would share the old man's. 

After a nice meal, to which our guests donated some tasty spices, we gathered for the evening revelry. I approach 'ole Gopper to make sure he had an idea of what was to happen. 

"You are welcome to stay and watch our gathering. I need to warn you though, it is quite lewd. Possibly offensive."

The old man grins at me. "Well, now I am intrigued." I just shrug. My warning given. 

I find Karagoth as couples pair off and groups join. The green woman is wearing grey linen shorts and a matching crop-top that barely covers her big breasts. 

We kiss passionately for a moment then sit on one of the portable benches some of the boys have built. Natia says they plan to add padding next. To make them more comfortable. 

Kara snuggles up to me. Her big tits pressing against my side, as I put an arm around her. The beautiful Orc slips a hand into my pants. She strokes my, already hardening dick to fullness. The erotic party starting around us. 

Her two slaves lie at our feet. My sensual wife, and submissive Catherine. Both already naked. They lay inverted, the frost mage on top. Diving face first into each other's juicy peaches. Moaning their lust and pleasure below us. 

Nearby the twins, Calliandra and Trishandra, do their best to satisfy two of the big Chockwa men. The busty, human teens are definitely worth watching. 

Calli is on her knees. Topless with a short green skirt. The big blue Dagan stands before her. His large dick hard and proud as the girl tries her best to blow him. 

She can barely get her lips around his girth. Sucking his fuck stick as long as she can. Then coughing and sputtering when she pulls away, gasping for air. 

Her cheeks are wet with trails of tears from her gasping and sputtering. Yet she perseveres. Licking and kissing up and down his shaft when she needs a break. Stroking him with her delicate hands. 

We watch as she slips a hand under her skirt. Moaning as she fingers herself in her excitement. 

I push Kara's top up with my free hand and start groping her big green tits. I feel her shiver against me and squeeze my dick when my finger and thumb find her nipple. I roll the little dark green bud. Then pinch and tug lightly. 

Her breath is heavy on my neck and I can practically feel her lust. Her grip on my cock is hard, almost painful. 
