 Rebecca and I lay resting in bed with our neighbors. Fucking the older couple had been very enjoyable. 

My wife smiles at me from the other side of Hogan. Then she leans down and sucks his soft dick into her mouth. Maintaining eye contact with me as she sucks his cock. Still slimy with their fucking. 

Our swinger neighbor gasps as she gives him some 'post sex' attention. "Oh! That's...that's wonderful." 

"We are so glad you bought out our shoppe." Daisy tells me. Idly playing with my own soft dick. 

"Oh? Why's that?" I ask. Not breaking eye contact with my lusty wife. She knows how much she is turning me on right now. I won't stay soft long. 

"We probably wouldn't have been able to pay taxes this year." Daisy answers. A stinging sadness in her voice. 

"Really?" I look at her for a moment before turning back to Rebecca. "Your food seems so good."

"Yes. Hogan is a great baker." She admits. Kissing the tip of my cock as it starts to get half hard. "But we aren't members of the guild. So we are stuck in this neighborhood. With few customers."

"The guild?" I ask as the fat woman takes my whole, half-erect dick in her mouth. As if she is trying to match my wife in lustiness. 

"Yeah." Hogan sighs. "If you won't pay to join the guild, then they make sure you can't be successful."

"Or worse." Daisy pulls off my, now fully hard dick. 

"Worse?" I ask looking back at her. 

She nods. Her normally jolly face looking glum. "Some guilds are rumored to get...violent." Her gaze moves from me to Rebecca. 

My blonde wife crawls across both Hogan and myself. Giving my dick a squeeze as she passes to Daisy. 

"Oh! My dear." The fat woman gasps as my wife moves to bury her face between those thick thighs. 

"The guilds hold much of the power here." Hogan finishes. He rolls over on his side to watch the two women. 

Daisy pulls my wife's cunny over her chubby face. "So smooth." The baker's wife gasps before licking Becca's wet muff. 

I mull over what they have said about guilds, as the two wives pleasure each other. Worried that we may have already run afoul of some just by being here. 

"Tax collectors." I grump for probably the fifth time this morning. Kara frowns at me. I'm obviously getting on her nerves. 

Bailiff Garvin had given us another job. This time to collect taxes from the villages along the Dorant River. More than two dozen trading posts and farming villages. 

The people are not happy when we arrive with our official writs. Kara and I, along with two of the big Chokwa brothers. Plus a few goblins to carry chests. 

We leave a larger force of soldiers outside of the towns as we collect. Camped in plain sight, to curtail any trouble. 

It's crummy work that we expect to take a couple weeks. Then possibly a different area if the Magistrate is happy with our work. 

I figure I'll help the fist two days. Just to see what it's like. Then leave it to Karagoth. 

We stand on the grass in the first town square. The boys had set a box for me to stand on as villagers gathered to find out what we are up to. 

"Good people of Shrew's Nest Village." I start. Pretending to read from an official scroll. In truth I had memorized the announcement. "The time has come to raise levies for your king. An honor for every adult citizen. We will post this year's taxes in town square. You may come and pay my man." I gesture down at Gort. "Also we will go house to house to make assessments." 

The villagers grumble at my announcement. Not happy to pay their takes to a far off noble. 

We leave one of the boys and a couple Goblins with Gort. The rest of us move to the first house. 

Inside we look over any obvious belongings. The idea is to mark down anything that looks to be over a certain level of wealth and tax that in addition to the person's yearly levy. 

I suppose it gives us a lot of power. Especially if we want to be corrupt. It mostly just makes me feel like shit as we move from building to building and see the frightened or angry looks up close. 

I spend two demoralizing days trudging through three villages. Then I head home, leaving my lovely partner in charge. 

We had gained three Dwarf women when we left Obstinate Hold. So far I haven't pushed them on the sex front. They are each skilled craftswomen. Their value is more important that they teach my Goblins new skills. 

The evening I get back though, Thommalin and Gralgrida have agreed to join me in bed. I will give the shy Derduna some more time. 

I grin down at the shorter, stocky women. They had arrived just wearing wool shifts. Dwarven underclothes, I guess. The pair look determined. More like they are marching to war than to make love. 

Thommalin seems to be in charge of the other two. Older than the other two, I think. A handsome woman. She is maybe four and a half feet tall, and husky. Muscular and tough. Her skin is tanned and her long, dark brown hair is held up in intricate braids. She looks to have a taut ass and big tits, that she usually keeps covered up in unflattering leathers. Double-D's possibly bigger. 

She is a master stonemason. So I had been told. I'd seen her do a little work on the house and have no reason to doubt that. A no nonsense woman, I don't think I've seen her smile once. I wouldn't be surprised if she could crush a rock in her bare hand. 

Gralgrida, on the other hand, is softer. A short curvy woman. Her face is more pleasant than Thommalin's, more friendly. Sort of motherly. Her body looks softer, with a big round ass and big breasts, bigger than the other woman. F-cups, maybe. Her long blonde hair is also up in braids. 

She is a carpenter and has been a huge help around the house. Always followed by a train of Goblins, eager to help fix the place up. 

"Let's get this done with." Thommalin grunts as she pulls off her wool shift. Revealing her tanned, muscular body. Her big tots jiggling. The other Dwarf follows suit. Quickly revealing her softer, curvier body. 

I'm not sure what to expect from the pair as I pull my pants off. Snamnir has mentioned that female Dwarves were rigid. I got the impression they were prudes and almost asexual. 

I step in close to Thommalin and pull her into an embrace. She writhes for a moment. Uncomfortable by our closeness and my hard cock pressing against her chest. 

I lean down and give her a long kiss. Her lips part after just a brief hesitation and I find her tongue in her mouth. Almost shy. She tastes of cold caves and tenacity. 

Breaking the kiss, I turn to Gralgrida. She seems more eager as she presses her big tits against me to get her kiss. Our tongues dance together. The Dwarf woman tastes like roasting wood and comfort. 

Her hand reaches down and grips my dick as we kiss. Tentatively stroking my shaft. Almost as if she is afraid of hurting me. 

When I pull back I suggest, "Since you are here together, perhaps you two should kiss as well."

The Dwarf women turn toward each other. Thommalin noticeably blushing, while Gralgrida smiles. 

"Malin?" The blonde asks. 

Thommalin glances at me from the corner of her eye. Then she shivers as she steps toward her friend. The two women press against each other. Their large breasts mashing as they kiss. Passionately and familiarly. 

Gralgrida's hands move up into her partner's hair. While Malin reaches down to squeeze the blonde's round ass. Both Dwarves moaning their obvious pleasure. 

I suspect Snamnir may have misjudged the actual sexuality of his womenfolk. 

"Oh, Grida!" Thommalin gasps, her voice dripping with lust. The blonde has reached down between the husky woman's thighs. Obviously fingering the brunette. 

"Dwarf women seem to be naughtier than I thought." I say as I step close to the lovers. 

Grida grins up at me as her fingers press inside Thommalin's pussy. She reaches out with her free hand and grips my dick. "So hard." She whispers as her friend moans. 

"Have you been with a man?" I ask, reaching out to grope her huge tits and pet Malin's dark hair. 

"No. Dwarf men are...foul." Gralgrida answers. 

"They only take, never give." Thommalin tells me. Her eyes still shut with pleasure. 

I gently pull the women to my bed. Helping Malin to lay on her back in the center. Then I position Grida on her hands and knees, with her face buried in her lover's sweet peach. 

I square up behind the blonde Dwarf. My dick pokes the back of her thighs as I kneed her big round ass like fresh dough. 

Then I groan as I drive my cock deep inside the thick girl. Her head jerks up in shock and she moans loudly. 

My balls rest against her Dwarven pussy as I reach forward and grab one of her blonde braids. "Good?" I ask. 

"Yea...yes." She whimpers. 

I take a couple long, slow thrusts as she moans. Holding her head in place by her hair. 

As I start to speed up, I let her go. Gralgrida lowers her face back to Malin's cunny. Her big ass rippling pleasantly as I fuck her from behind. 

I lean down as I thrust into the curvy woman. Reaching beneath her to grip her giant tits. Roughly squeezing her bountiful orbs. 

I watch as Thommalin groped her own big tits. Moaning as her lover eats her out. Her usual frown gone, replaced by a look of ecstasy. Softening her features, even if for just a moment. 

The brunette begins to shudder as an orgasm courses it's way through her body. Her breath comes fast and she lets out a long guttural moan. 

I slow my thrusts and wait for the Dwarf to calm down. When her breathing starts to slow, I push Gralgrida off her and grab Malin's strong thighs. Pulling the woman down the bad to me. 

Thommalin's eyes flutter open as I ran my cock deep inside her wet cunt. Her hands grab the sheets and she arches her back as I push fully inside her. 

Grida straddles her lover's face, facing me as I begin thrusting. She leans forward and we kiss as I fuck her friend. She reaches down and grips Malin's tits, while I reach up and grab hers. 

I try to hold back, but the two Dwarf women have already pushed me to the edge. I groan as I cum inside Thommalin's pussy. My dick twitching as I thrust deep and hard. I can hear, under her lover. Gasping as I pound her. 

I rest, cock still inside the Dwarf. Grida still rides the prone woman. She lifts one of her giant tits and sucks her own nipple. Her eyes crinkle in a cute way as she grins at me. 

She lets her breast drop with a moan. "Kiss me." She orders as she grinds her pussy against Malin's face with a lustful urgency. 

Her orgasm hits as our tongues meet. The bed shaking with her pleasure. Her hand grabs the back of my head to hold me in place. Making a whimpering sound as we kiss. 

After she settles down I lay between both women. Thommalin lays next to me, lightly brushing her thighs with her fingertips. Gralgrida snuggles up to me on my other side. Plucking at my soft cock and watching it fall. 

"How was that?" I ask. 

"Not too bad." Grida smiles. Malin just moans her agreement, eyes closed. Shivers of orgasmic aftershocks occasionally roll through her. 

"We agreed to join you because we thought our special relationship would be accepted here." The blonde admits. 

I nod. "You are welcome to live as you like here. I only ask that you occasionally partake in our late night festivities with the boys." 

"We will do our duty." Thommalin says stoically. Her eyes lock onto mine. Grida nodding from my other side. 

Soon I am drifting to sleep between the two Dwarves. 

The two Dwarf women start to dress more alluringly after that. Thommalin glances at me from the corner of her eye when I notice and stop. 

She is teaching some goblins in a satins dress. With a slit up one side and plenty of cleavage. 

I see her grin when I nod my approval. 

A few days later, I wake suddenly, to the sound of a loud crash. I am out of bed with my sword in hand before I'm even really awake. Rebecca tumbling to the floor behind me. Naked and beautiful. 

The whole house seems to rumble to a strange grinding noise. Dressed only in linen shorts, I rush downstairs. 

I find a crowd clustered around the entryway to the kitchen. No one seems too alarmed, and I lower my sword as I pass through. 

Amanatia and some others are clustered around two barrels side by side. One has been cut in half. The other has steam shooting out the top. Oath seem to have gears and pistons affixed to the wood. 

My Goblins seem pleased. "What's all this?" I gave to shout over the grinding. 

Natia grins up at me. "A washer's device! We made it! It works!" 

Sure enough, on closer inspection they seem to have invented a maniacal washing machine. The half bucket holds soapy water and a washboard. A mechanical arm from the other barrel scrubs a mess of cloth against it. 

"Well...great!" I tell her. A little dumbfounded. 

I watch the machine go for a few minutes. Then wander back up to bed. Only to find it cold and empty. 

With a sigh I pull my pants on. Ill prepared to face this new day. 

Kara had sent a message that I should meet them at the next village. 

"Wats a Bownyn?" I ask the Goblin messenger. Slowly going through the barely legible note again. We will definitely put in more practice with writing. 

"You know boss, Brownies." When he can tell I don't actually know he goes on, "Little people?" As if that clears things up. 

We ride for a day and a half to reach where Kara has directed me to. A small village a good distance from the banks of the river. Set among some rocky hills. 

And I mean small. 

The buildings at the center of town are normal. But all the houses are maybe two-thirds the size they should be. As are the villagers walking around. The whole place reminds me of a gingerbread house. With colors and patterns on wood shingles. 

They look like regular people, but none over four and a half feet. Roughly the same size as the Goblins. 

I see Kara on the porch of the general store as she waves me over. "What is all this?" I ask. 

"They invited the whole group to stay in the town." She almost smiles. "They are very friendly."

"Bownyns?" I ask. 

The Orc nods. "Like little humans. But nicer." She tells me. "Mayor! This is the man I told you about. Captain Nicolas, this is mayor Horzel."

The man is short, four feet. Older with a ridiculously curled mustache. His top hat is black like his suit and nearly two feet tall. 

"Sir." I offer my hand. 

"Captain." He happily shakes it. "How are you enjoying our town?" 

"Well, I just got here. It seems nice. Clean." Tell him. 

It does too. Much more so than any human settlements we have been through. Plus the two main streets have cobblestones. Very different from other villages. 

"We take much pride in our town. Please enjoy your stay. Do be sure to try some of Beatris Potter's apple pie." Then he was bustling off. Moving down the street with friendly greetings for everyone. Even my men. 

"we have finished this morning. Things went quicker here than the human villages." Kara tells me. I give her a grin. "We have a room in the inn. It has a regular bed. I checked." 

The green girl leads me by the hand to the picture book building. 

With the first tax excursion completed our coffers have been refilled with the Magistrate's golds. 

Bailiff Garvin's men mentioned he will have more work in a couple days. Probably more tax work. 

Jadara sits on my lap in the room that has been converted into an office for me. The dark green princess is topless. She only wears a short silk skirt and red stockings. 

I gently rub her perky tits as she talks. "You were right. Mmm. There are plenty of people willing to sell their daughters into bondage to get out of debt. Ooh! And their wives." 

Talk about Finian's bond of servitude had got me thinking. We still needed more girls to please our ever growing force. If we could buy a few bonds it would help a lot. 

"Ok, you have permission to dip into the coffers and buy some girls." Saying it out loud sends a naughty thrill through me. I reach one hand down onto her thigh. Sliding it up under her skirt. My thumb rests in her small patch of blue pubic hair, while my fingers curve down over her soft cunny. 

"Oh, Nick." She moans as I rub her green netherlips. "H...how many?" Her hand reaches down to cover mine as she wiggles her cute little ass in my lap. 

"A couple dozen." I tell her. My dick hard as iron in my slacks. "Make sure to pick up a couple wives." An evil thought, but the ultimate betrayal of wedding vows sends a thrill through me. Making me a villain I suppose. 

Jadara scrambles around as I pull out my dick. She settles on it with an excited squeal. Her eyes clench shut as she leans her chest against me. 

I fuck her there in my office. The Goblin girl bouncing on my cock. Thinking about the poor human slave girls we will soon own. 

Sex slaves. 

Some sold to us by men who vowed to love them forever. 

A knock on my bedroom door rouses me from my writing. I've been setting down notes and diagrams for machines. At least my understanding of how they work. I was never an engineer after all. I open it to find a Dwarf girl in a robe. 

Derduna looks at her feet shyly. The Dwarf maiden is probably the youngest of the three. And the shortest, little taller than my Goblins. Definitely the cutest. Her happy, friendly face often has a smile. Her pale body is curvy rather than muscular. From her ample breasts to her cute round derrière. Dusted with faint freckles. Her long, light red hair is held up in intricate braids. 

She is our blacksmith. Happy to teach her skills to the rest of the troupe. 

"I..." She nibbles her lower lip as she looks up at me nervously. When she finally speaks, it all comes out in a rush. "I've always been told men are nasty perverts. That I should avoid them if I can. Only I think I might be too. A pervert. I've felt this way for a long time. Ashamed for years."

"You...um. You have nothing to be ashamed of here." I try to assure her. 

She gives me a timid smile. Then with a determined look on her face pushes her robe back and let's it fall. 

The ginger girl is wearing some exciting lingerie underneath. She has a sheer, black bra/skirt combo. They barely connect at the front and the back. Her cute nipples are fully reveals as is her lacy thong. A black garter and matching stockings complete her ensemble. 

"H...Hanna said you would like it?" She looks at me imploringly. 

"You look beautiful." She smiles as I pull her close. Leaning down to kiss the girl. 

She makes sweet, urgent, grunting noises as our lips meet. Her hands reach around to grab and squeeze my ass hard. She trembled in my arms as our tongues meet. She tastes like fire and silk. 

I tangle one hand in her braids as we kiss. The other reaches down, under her sheer skirt to grab her cute ass. Derduna moans as my fingers squeeze her mostly bare rump. 

She breaks our kiss first and kneels down before me. She doesn't look up as she unbuckles my pants. Intent on her lees action. 

"The girls gave me a few tips." She admits as she pulls my underwear down. 

The cute Dwarf gasps as my dick springs free. She licks her rosy lips. Then looks up at me. "May I?" 

I nod and she kisses the tip of my dick. Then she wetly licks my shaft up and down. A little slobbery, but pleasurable. 

I run my hands into her elegant red braids. Moaning as she begins to suck me. She can only take about half my dick before she begins to cough, but she seems intent on trying. 

After a few minutes I gently help her up. "Was that good?" She asks, blushing. 

"Very." I assure her. Caressing her rosy cheek. 

"Can...can I rub against you?" She asks hopefully. 

I grin at her. "Sure, we can try whatever you want."

Derduna wraps her arms around me and grinds her crotch against my thigh. I reach down and pull her skirt up, then lean over a bit to tug her thong down. Letting her fuzzy muff rub me skin to skin. 
