 I take a deep breath, filled with campfire smoke and the earthy scent of Goblins. 

Around me the boys set up camp for the evening. Green men running to and fro to get everything settled before dusk. Looks like chaos to me, but in a surprisingly short amount of time it will be a little tent city. 

My men continue to surprise me in their industriousness and ingenuity. 

We will be home early tomorrow. Flush with treasure and prisoners from our assault on the Goblin warren. Even a cart of giant spiders and egg sacks. And poles from which giant bats dangle. 

We have had surprisingly few desertions from the goblins we took. They haven't been heavily guarded. Just warned not to raid near here should they wish to take off. 

"You will take one of the princesses tonight?" Hanatal asks me as she walks up. Peering at me with her one good eye. 

I nod. "You're right. They need to know their place." 

Crom has already complained that the new girls were causing trouble. such as suggesting that they should be freed, or my men should mutiny. 

Unlike the men, we had no plan to let the princesses leave and create a new warren. They are heavily guarded by men hand picked by Crom. 

"I have just the one for you." Hanna informs me. "You'll like her." 

Soon I am eating in my tent. A simple vegetarian meal. I can still only rarely bring myself to eat the meat here. Fish and fowl mostly. Occasionally a little pork. 

Having traveled with anthropomorphic animal people for so long makes meat eating a bit of a downer. 

After my meal I write some notes at my little desk. More diagrams, as I can think of them. I'm trying to detail how a clock works from memory and experience. I look up when I hear a rustle of the tent behind me. Turning at the delicate clearing of a throat. 

"Can I help you?" I ask. 

"My name is Lyshi, master." The young Goblin princess answers. She looks nervous, but cute in her voluminous dress. Like a taffeta nightmare. Pink with billowing ruffles and lace. 

Her skin is a pale green, with kissable dark green lips. Her hair is a blue grey and long. Done up in intricate braids, like a Dwarf women's. I can tell she is stacked beneath her dress. I look forward to peeling the monstrosity off of her. 

Hanna had given me some advice about approaching the new girls. Mostly, be stern. I stand. My presence towering over her. Her eyes widen as she gulps. 

"You know I'm going to ravish you. Right?" I ask. The princess nods slightly. "I'll be rough. Conquer your body. You are my sex slave. Not my mistress. Not my princess."

She lowers her head submissively. Then glances up at me through long lashes. Eager? She nods slightly again. "Yes, master." She says quietly. 

The princess's eyes go wide in shock as I lift her up. She cries out in surprise as I carry her to the bed. I flip her 'heels over head' resting her back against my lap as her billowy dress peels away from her legs. 

I yank the green girl's bloomers off as she squeals. Hopefully in excitement. Muffled under her dress. Her little legs kicking. 

Grabbing her thighs, I spread her legs apart. Then I lean in and press my lips over her green cunny. Her squeals turn to erotic groans as my tongue pushes deep into the Goblin's twat. 

I suck at the girl's sweet cunt as my tongue violates her. Her little green legs trembling in my hands. I let go with one hand and reach down to her mound. Some of my fingers in her little grey tuft of pubic hair. 

I find her clit with my thumb and start to flick it slowly. The princess wiggles wildly in my grip. She makes a repeated grunting noise, "Unh! Unh! Unh!" As I molest her little green body. 

Her free foot bounces off the side of my head as my tongue wiggles inside her. I speed up the rhythm of my thumb on her clit. Then she nearly screams as her body violently shakes. Her pussy throbbing around my tongue. I lap up her juices as her orgasm blasts through her. 

I lean back and just gently pet her pussy as she slowly calms down. Lyshi's groans giving way to softer moans. 

I carefully lay her legs on the bed. Leaving her on her tummy. Head between my legs, still covered by her dress. She just lays there panting. Her cute little round ass rising up and down in her lust. 

I grab her clothes and tug them off over her head. Making her sit on her knees facing me. Leaving her in just a white corset. Holding up her large rack. Big, jiggly E-cups. Looking huge on her tiny frame. 

My dick is hard as iron in my pants as I look at her. Lyshi's eyes are wide and her body still trembles. "More?" I ask. The princess just nods. 

I pull off my pants as I push her onto her back. Then I line my cock up with her wet puss. With one palm on the bed and the other holding her pale green shoulder, I shove my dick deep into her tight love hole. 

The princess groans loudly beneath me, and claws painfully at my chest. I bat her hands away as I get into a rhythm. My dick pounding the small girl. Groaning my own pleasure. 

I yank her corset down. Freeing up her large breasts. Leaning in to suck on her nipples as we fuck. Her little green legs wrap around my hips as she tries to pull me deeper inside her with each thrust. 

She starts making those grunting noises as she cums again. I bite down roughly on her nipple. Then I pull out. Flipping her green body over while she continues to shudder in my hands. 

I grab her hips and force her ass up. Thrusting into her from behind. Lyshi howls and scratches at the sheets in her pleasure. 

The girl grunts in time with my thrusts as I fuck her from behind. I reach one hand under her to hold her up by her tummy. The other smacks her little green ass again and again. 

Finally I groan my own pleasure. Thrusting deep inside her as I orgasm. My dick twitching in her tight pussy as I spill my seed. 

I collapse forward on her when I'm done. Careful not to crush the little princess. My softening cock still inside her. The green girl panting beneath me. 

After I rest for a bit, I roll off. Pulling her little body close to mine. She snuggles up to me as I sigh. "I hope that wasn't too bad." I offer. 

Lyshi looks up at me. "That...that was amazing." She gives me a goofy grin. Then she reaches back and pulls off her corset. Snuggling comfortably closer. 

I pull the sheet over us both. Slowly drifting to sleep. 

In the morning I wake to the smell of gravy biscuits. Opening my eyes to see two Goblin men carrying trays in to my small table. One I recognize as a soldier. The other I don't. One of the prisoners. 

I'm guessing it's a decided choice on Hanatal's part. So I sit up and throw off the sheet. Both men's eyes ogle as Lyshi is revealed in all her naked splendor. 

She sits up with a gasp and tries to protect her dignity with her hands. They can only hide so much of her giant tits though. 

Soon the boys are out of the tent. Hanna's message given. Both to the princess and the new men: her body is mine to show off as I please. 

I stand and cross to the table. "Come, eat." I order the girl. 

She hops to the ground and looks at her discarded dress. "Can I...should I dress first...master?" She asks nervously. 

I shake my head and pat the seat next to me. Naked, she hops up. Her big tits bouncing. 

We eat in silence for a time. The princess digging in to her breakfast with gusto. When she starts to slow down she turns to me. "Is it always like that? Like last night? The sex." She asks. 

I shrug. "Not always. I was a bit rough with you last night. There are many different ways to have sex." 

She looks down at her feet. "I'm to be made an example of?" She presses. 

I look at the cute girl. "Yes." I nod. "Your sisters have been causing trouble. You need to be made to understand. Your old lives are over."

She nods back. "Now we are your sex slaves." Her breath comes a little faster at the thought. 

I shrug. "Yes, but you will be allowed to be so much more. So will your kinsmen. Those that choose to serve me, anyway." I answer. 

"Like Hanatal?" She asks the eagerness palpable in her voice. 

"Sure. Or any number of other roles." I offer. "You will see when we get home."

Soon Hanna herself enters the tent. "Done?" She asks. "Any late morning fucking?" 

I just shrug. 

"Your new naughty girl needs to dress for the day, then." She declares, turning towards the other princess. 

Lyshi hops down and steps towards her dress. Until Hanatal grabs her. "Ah, ah, slut. No more fancy dresses for you. You're going to show off what you got to all the boys."

Hanna takes great delight in dressing the new princess. She shares one of her silk thongs and a pair of stockings. "I don't got a top for someone as busty as you." She complains as she holds up a little lace nighty to the other girl's ample chest. 

"How about her corset." I point to the bed. Hanna nods. 

Minutes later we step out into the morning sun. Lyshi nervous and nearly naked much to the delight of the boys. Her ass bared by the thong. Her big tits on display from her corset. 

I stretch and head off to see to grooming Sheriff for the day's ride. Leaving the slave girl in Hanatal's capable hands. 

The ride back into town is uneventful. Though our larger band of Goblins gets a lot of looks. 

I order Karagoth to get everyone settled back home. Then I head to talk with Bailiff Garvin. Taking a small group of guards with me. 

I am escorted into the large stone courthouse. Though my men are ordered to stay outside. Then I sit outside the Bailiff's office for what feels like nearly two hours. Watching as various people enter and leave. 

Finally a clerk waved me in. "Ah, Captain! Lovely to see you." The fat man says with a smile. Rising to shake my hand. 

His hand is firm and dry, but I always pull away feeling slimy. "The Goblins? Taken care of, yes?" 

I nod. "They shouldn't be a problem."

"Good, good. And the tax collection has come along nicely, I hear." 

I shrug. "Seems to have gone well." 

He pulls out a small sack and hands it to me. I can feel the heavy coins inside. 

"I will be in touch." He says. Suddenly distracted by a paper a clerk hands him. "You are dismissed." He says looking up at me one more time. 

With a sigh I step out of the big building and gather my men. Soon I am happily at home. 

"You don't like the Bailiff?" Rebecca asks me later that evening. 

We are alone in my large bedroom. Sitting on the bed. I lean back against her. Between her spread legs. Wrapped in her arms, my head against her big soft breasts. 

We have both stripped down, but have yet to make love. Or even just fuck like animals. 

I'm wearing linen shorts and she has on cute silk panties and top. Jade green with ruffles on the sides of the panties and the top barely covers her big E-cup tits. 

"I don't. I really don't like him at all." I shake my head. Her fingers lightly caress my chest. "He just seems so...so skeevy." I give a big sigh. "But his money is good, and he is in a position of authority here." 

"Perhaps we should move on. Find someplace better?" She suggests. Leaning down to nibble my ear. 

I can't help but smile at the tickling feeling, causing my penis to twitch. "Maybe." I admit. "I don't get the impression that anywhere is better in these lands though." 

"I can show you what's better." She suggests. 

Her hand reaches down. Sliding across my chest and stomach. Into my shorts. Her delicate fingers wrap my dick, squeezing lightly. 

"Isn't this better." She whispers in my ear. My dick twitching in her hand as it comes to life. She gently, slowly starts to tug. 

"Oh yes. Much better." I moan. Closing my eyes and enjoying the feeling of my wife's hand. Slowly stroking my, now hard cock. Her pillowy breasts pressed against my head. 

"I missed you so much while you were gone." She whispers, squeezing my dick hard. "I missed your lips on my lips. Your hands on my breasts. And your big dick in my pussy." Her words send shivers through me. 

Becca gasps enticingly behind me. She strokes me quicker now. Her free hand reaches in to my shorts to gently scrape the sensitive tip of my cock. Sending shivers of pure sensation through me. 

"If you keep this up I'm going to finish." I warn her. My hands sliding up and down her thighs. 

"Mmm, I want you to. Cum in your shorts." She orders. Her hands driving me closer and closer to the edge of climax. Not just foreplay anymore. "I want your hot jizz all over my hand." 

My balls clench, and my dick twitches. With a loud groan I cream my shorts. My wife gasps excitedly as my hot cum drizzles all over her hands. 

Rebecca pulls her hands out. Pale jizz sticking to her fingers. I can hear her suck them clean behind me. "Mmm, but what about me?" She asks petulantly. 

"It's going to take a bit to get me going again." I answer. Squeezing her thigh. 

Suddenly she is slipping from behind me. Moving around to tug off my shorts. I shiver as she leans in and sucks up my limp dick. Slightly moaning at the pleasure her lips and tongue give. 

Before long I am getting hard in her mouth. My wife moans her excitement as she sucks my growing cock. 

When she pulls away my dick springs up. Ready for more action. She reaches down and pulls her small silk top over her head. Her big tits jiggling in their freedom. 

Then she stands grinning at me as she shimmies out of her panties. "How do you want me, lover." She asks in her bedroom voice. 

"Slutty and wet." I answer as I hop off the bed. 

I grab her in my arms. Mashing her giant breasts to my chest as I hold her tight. I lean her back slightly as we kiss passionately. 

Becca gasps as I spin her around suddenly. I grab her long blonde hair and smack her ass as I force her to walk to one of the big windows. One of the few in the house that has actual glass panes. 

When we get there she spreads her legs and places her palms on either side of the window frame. Then she presses her big tits against the glass. Showing off for any passerby on the street below who happens to look up. 

My wife leans her head back and moans when I reach a hand between her thighs. Rubbing her soft cunny with my rough fingers. "Oh god, Nick! I need you so bad. I need your cock inside me." She gasps. 

I slide my middle finger between her netherlips. Then inside her. Rubbing her wet cunt. I slap her round ass again. Hard enough to leave a red handprint and for her to yip in pain and excitement. 

I pull my hand back and grip my wife by the hips. She presses her sweet ass back against me as I line my cock up. Then I am pressing deep inside her. Both of us moaning our pleasure. 

I thrust into her. Mashing her breasts against the glass. "Can they see you?" I demand. "Can they see what a whore you are?"

"Ooh! Yes!" She gasps. "They see my naked, slutty body. They see me getting fucked."

I reach around her. Placing the palm of my hand on her bare pubis. Then my fingers find her clit. Rebecca moans loudly when I start to flick it. "Maybe I should just toss you in the trash after this." I offer. 

"Yes! Oh, yes!" Her body starts to shiver. I can tell her first orgasm is close. "They would find me there. Old bums and young thugs. Forcing me to choke on their dirty cocks. Fucking my whore pussy. Take...taking..." 

Becca shudders and whines loudly as she cums. Her pussy throbs around my dick. If this wasn't my second ride I would have finished with her. 

I fuck her till she starts to come down. Then I pull out. My dick still hard as iron and covered in her pussyjuice. She whines her displeasure as I turn her around. Then grins as I push her to her knees. 

Rebecca happily takes my glistening dick in her mouth. Moaning and sucking her own nectar. She reaches between her thighs and tweaks her clit. Still shivering with aftershocks of her orgasm. 

I give her a moment to suck. Then I grab her golden curls. I pull her off my dick and force her to crawl on hands and knees across the floor. Over to the bed, then up. 

She eagerly hops on the bed and lays back. Spreading her legs wide, Rebecca grins at me. "Ruin me, love." She growls as she taps her flesh just above her wet pussy. 

I practically jump on her. Grabbing and squeezing her big tits as she guides my cock deep inside her cunt. "God, yes!" She gasps, wrapping her legs around me. 

I pound my wife into the mattress. Squeezing her tits painfully hard. I lean down and bite her shoulder. Right where it starts to curve into her neck. I can feel her fingernails scratch down my back as we fuck. 

Her pussy throbs when she starts to cum again. This time there is no way to hold back. I unload my own fuck slime into her as I have my second orgasm. Groaning until she leans up and kisses me. 

Soon we rest in each other's arms. Still moaning and smiling in the afterglow of our sexplay. 

The boys had put a lot of work into our compound while we were gone. With so many more Goblins, buying the whole block seemed like precognition. Not just a prudent investment. 

Now that they are back they seem to be working double time. The new Goblins seeming happy to be part of the project. 

I make sure to spend some of each day touring around and giving little speeches of encouragement. Lending a hand here and there. 

Already there are two blacksmith rooms. One is more makeshift than the other, though. 

Rooms where Goblins tinker with gears and springs. Puzzling over some of the diagrams I've made for them. 

Others cook in one of the three big kitchens they have converted to serve our little army. The heavy smell of spices and stews fill nearby rooms. 

My little army is certainly not lazy or stupid. I watch them work with a tenacity and inquisitiveness that constantly astounds me. 

When we came home we also found that Jadara had bought twenty three bonds of servitude. Twenty three women bought and paid for. Sex slaves to my Goblin hoard. 

Six of them had been wives. Presumably loved by a husband until it was necessary to sell her into slavery. The thought got my more perverted juices flowing. Owning another man's wife. 

A few were eighteen or nineteen. Daughters sold by their parents for one reason or another. 

The rest were in their mid twenties. Women who had tried to make it on their own in a world that happily crushed them for their hubris. 

"You like?" Jadara looks up at me grinning. She had made the women strip and stand in a long line out in the courtyard. Lots of leering goblins watch from the windows. 

"I like very much. Great job Jade." She beams at the compliment. It's true. All the women are attractive. Some quite beautiful. Most won't look me in the eye. Too timid or frightened they look at the ground. Or their feet. 

There are a few bold ones in the bunch though. 

"I tried to get busty girls." Jadara explained. She grins at the line. Then looks up at me. "I know how you like them stacked up top." 

I nodded and Rebecca chuckles from behind us. 

"You did great." I smile down at my Goblin princess. 

Rebecca presses in close behind me and bites my shoulder. "This is so hot!" She whispers. "Sex slaves for my master to do with as he pleases. Those poor girls. The things you are going to do to them." She gives a little sexy growl. Then squeezes my ass. 

I step forward and address the new girls. Clearing my throat. "Your old lives are over. Now you will serve the carnal needs of me and my men." Some of the women gasp at that. Though Jade told me she had explained to each of them what their duties would be. 

I move to the end of the line. "What's your name girl?" I demand. She looks up at me he fear written on her face. One of the younger ones. Nineteen?

"Katja...master." She nearly whispers. A cute young woman. A bit skinny with long brown hair, and a slightly big nose. 

Katja has a nice pair of tits though. Double-D's with puffy areola. And a nicely rounded ass. 
