 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Rachel's Darkest Fantasy

LUCIFER

"Today Rachel, we begin the second test." I said to the mortal, "I just need you to lie on your back, and relax." 

We were in a therapist's office with cream colored walls, brown carpeting, and windows that looked out onto a hellish cityscape below us. I was clothed in a white dress shirt, a black skirt, black high heels, and rectangularly-lensed glasses. I enjoyed playing the part of the therapist, and was fully committed to the role, though I did unbutton my shirt low enough to reveal a vain amount of cleavage. God was in her usual silk dress with the plunging neckline, and had her golden hair done up in a crowning braid that wrapped around her head like a halo, with the rest of her mane flowing freely down her shoulders. Rachel was still in her oversized sweatshirt and jeans, still desperately trying to conceal the curvaceous body she possessed. She had resisted the temptations of the succubi admirably, but this test was a different animal.

Rachel nervously rested her head back on the couch, and God gave her a reassuring smile and squeeze of the hand. 

"I'm going to ask you some questions," I said to Rachel, "and I want you to answer them honestly. Remember: it is a sin to lie, and God is right there." 

"OK Lucy," Rachel said, her voice wavering slightly, "I'm ready."

"Perfect." I smiled, crossing my legs in my best Sharon Stone impression, "My first question is: when did you first start noticing changes in your body?"

"When I was twelve," the college freshman said, "I had my first period."

"And it was around this time that you began to see boys in a different light?" I asked. 

"Yes." Rachel responded. 

"And what about other girls?"

Rachel shifted awkwardly. "That only started yesterday."

I smirked at God over Rachel. Awakening bisexuality in mortals was one of my favorite pastimes. Oh, so much delicious shame. God stuck a petulant tongue out at me, and I licked my lips, and if Rachel wasn't between us, we would have already been wrestling each other's clothes off on the floor. I cleared my throat, and drew my attention back to the 'purest girl in the world.' 

"And if you can remember, when was the first time you masturbated?" I asked, looking up at her from behind my glasses. 

"Uuuuumm" Rachel said, entwining her fingers together nervously, "I think it was when I was EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD, AND NOT A SECOND YOUNGER."

***********

I blinked twice, then looked at God. For the moment, the universe was paused, Rachel stuck with her mouth agape, the last syllable of a word on her tongue. 

"Um," I said slowly, "what the hell was that?"

God sighed. "The Literotica moderators." 

I looked around. "Oh goddamn it, did you put us in an erotic web series?!" 

She smiled guiltily. "I thought it would be fun."

"Jesus fucking Christ on a candle stick," I growled, searching for the fourth wall. I found it, and gawked at the late-twenties man puzzling over his laptop keyboard. "That was who you got to write this?! Him?! I can count the number of times he's had sex on my fingers and toes with digits to spare! What the hell would he know about deific fornication?"

God shrugged. "If he was getting laid, he probably wouldn't be writing biblical smut, now would he? My options were rather limited. He's not bad, Lucy; his imagination more than makes up for his scant experience. Every now and then I just drop some inspiration into his perverted little mind, and hope he opens Microsoft instead of Pornhub." 

"Microsoft would be a good nickname for his dick." I grumbled. 

"Lucy, be nice! He's working very hard!"

"Is he now? Because I think he's working semi-flaccid." 

God giggled with her hand over her mouth. "Careful; I gave him complete autonomy over this universe. You're at his mercy until the story's over."

I glanced down at the five-hundred pounds of fat I'd just gained, and rolled my eyes. "E.L. Whitewall's penis is perfectly... adequate." I looked pointedly at the fourth wall, tapping my foot impatiently. I sighed, and added, "And his dialogue writing is like, super good." The fat dissipated from my body, revealing the curvaceous form I was infamous for. I adjusted my uniform with a snap of my fingers. "Well, as long as he doesn't force the narrative, I guess it's fine. But what about these Literotica moderators, can you do anything about them?" 

God shook her head with a rueful smile. "I may be omnipotent, but I dare not cross the almighty Literotica moderators. People in this universe don't even think about sex until they're eighteen." God looked both ways, then slyly leaned in, and winked. 

I rolled my eyes again. "You know E.L. Whitewall just wrote that, right? So the moderators just saw it." 

"Saw what?" God smiled innocently, "That I got a lash in my eye? Anyway, shall we get back to the narrative?" 

"Please. And let's never break the fourth wall again, OK? It ruins the flow of the story."

"Agreed."

***********

The universe came back into motion, Rachel finishing the last syllable of her confession. 

"Wow, eighteen," God exclaimed, giving me a knowing wink. "You held out for a long time."

"It's a sin to indulge in your own flesh," Rachel responded ruefully, "forgive me."

"And did you use pornography as an aid, or were you using your imagination?" I asked, writing nonsense on my clipboard to front professionalism. 

"I used my imagination." Rachel said, "Pornography is sinful."

"It is?" God laughed, "Where in the bible does it say that? I watch porn all the time, Rachel. You humans are so... creative; I get all my new ideas from it." 

"I know you're still testing me, my lord." Rachel smiled, "Rest assured, my will is strong." 

"Moving on..." I said as God gave me a satisfied smirk. It seemed that no matter what God did or said, Rachel would still believe it was an act to test her faith, which meant God had carte blanche to be the shameless slut she truly was. God's smugness tended to backfire in spectacular fashion, so I didn't let her goad me. She'd be eating more than her words in due time. 

"What were you imagining during your masturbation?" I asked Rachel. 

"I don't remember," Rachel said honestly.

"Justin Bieber, One Direction, the Jonas Brothers..." I named the heartthrobs I was aware of. 

God laughed. "It's 2019, Lucy. Are you going to name N Sync and Aaron Carter next?" 

I turned back to Rachel with a huff, "The athletes, the bad boys, the druggies, the theater kids..."

"No," Rachel said, "I don't think so."

"Hmm," I pondered, "well, it's fine if you can't remember it offhand. I'm going to put you in a hypnotic trance, and we'll extract the memory from there."

"Why are you so interested?" Rachel asked. 

"You're first sexual fantasy is the origin of your sexuality." I explained, "Your preferences may change, but everything expands outward from that first dirty thought. After I find that little bit of teenage depravity, I can move deeper until I discover your darkest fantasy."

"My darkest fantasy?" Rachel asked, "How will this play out in the test?"

"I am going to make it a reality," I smirked, "and if you still want to hang out with God's boring ass afterward, then you pass the test. Now, I need you to just relax, Rachel; just lie back, and don't think about anything." 

I got up from my chair and pulled the pendulum from my pocket. I had the ability to put anyone in a trance with just a touch of my hand, but I was a slave to theatrics, and I'd seen too many movies not to try it. I let the pendulum sway back and forth across Rachel's eyes, grew frustrated with the lack of hypnosis, and pushed her mind from consciousness with a touch of my hand instead. 

"Now that she's knocked out," God whispered, "we can do whatever we want to her... let's draw a dick on her face." 

"You're mature," I smiled, "I suppose you'd blame it on me once she found out."

"And she'd believe every word." God sniggered. 

"Let's find out what kind of dirty things eighteen-year-old Rachel was thinking about." I said quietly as I leaned to Rachel's face. 

"She's so pure and innocent." God whispered, "I bet it was something like holding hands with the boy in her youth choir."

"I'm not so sure," I smiled, "the bible-thumpers often have some perverse fantasies. That's what happens when you repress sexuality for so long."

"We'll see." God said confidently, "Go on, ask her."

"Rachel," I whispered to the entranced girl, "who were you thinking about the first time you touched yourself?"

"Brian." Rachel whispered. 

"Oh fuck..." God said. I glanced up, and saw the worry in her face. Whoever Brian was, God definitely didn't want Rachel to be thinking about him. 

"And who is Brian?" I asked, smirking at God. 

"My brother."

I bit the inside of my cheeks to keep from bursting out in laughter. God stared down at Rachel, completely mortified. 

"Her brother?!" I hissed between fits of laughter, "Your perfect little human wants to fuck her brother?!"

"She was young and confused!" God insisted through hushed whispers, "It's like you said: sexual repression leads to weird fantasies; she's probably over it by now!"

"Rachel," I whispered, trying to hold it together, "do you still touch yourself and think about Brian?"

"Yes." 

"Is Brian your darkest fantasy?"

"Yesssss." Rachel hissed, a small amount of arousal in her voice. 

"Lucy," God said, "don't do it."

"Oh, I'm doing it." I smiled, "We haven't had a good old-fashioned incest fantasy for a loooong time."

"Lucy, c'mon, the poor girl's going to be scarred for life."

"It's so perverse," I sneered, "so wrong. Fulfilling a fantasy like that just... burns a spot in the soul. After Rachel gets a taste of her brother, she's going be begging to join me." 

God didn't really give a shit that Rachel wanted to fuck her brother; the omnipotent slut often acted out incest fantasies herself. What God was really scared of, was that I was right. Rachel knew her fantasy was depraved, but I was going to make her fulfill it anyway, and once she dabbled in her darker side, she'd turn away from the bullshit path of virtue, and have fun with me instead. And the debt God would owe me... let's just say our lord and savior wasn't going to be walking right for centuries. I smirked at God, and disappeared in a flash of smoke. It was time to find Brian. 

BRIAN

Ramstein played in the background as I packed a bowl of ground bud. I searched my pockets for my lighter, and sighed when I realized I'd lost both it, and my cigarettes at the costume party last night. I was bound to have another lying around my apartment somewhere, so I pushed away textbooks and piles of over-due papers looking for one. 

"Need a light?" A sultry female voice asked from behind me. 

Did I take home a girl last night? I thought. God, I hope it wasn't Allison again. Every time I get too drunk, Allison just swoops in like a fucking vulture.

"Allison, look," I said as I turned around, "I don't know what I said to you last night, but-"

This woman was not Allison. This woman was wearing a perfect devil's cosplay outfit; her skin painted deep red from head to toe, her eyes decorated with golden contacts, her full lips covered in a sheen of black lipstick, and a pair of prosthetic horns protruding from a thick mane of wavy black hair. She had a body like I'd never seen curving beneath a... secretary's outfit? That part was confusing. Either way, I must have hit that last night, and been too blacked out to remember. 

"I'm sorry," I said, laughing and shaking my head, "I don't remember your name."

"Lucy." Lucy smiled.

"Lucy," I laughed, "holy shit, you are way out of my league. I don't know what my blacked-out self said to convince you to sleep with me, but-"

"We didn't have sex, Brian," Lucy laughed, "but I'm down for some later if you do me a favor."

"Sure!" I said, a little too eagerly. Lucy was the type of woman I'd only seen in magazines. If she needed me to pick up her laundry, or jump her car, or rob Fort Knox, I could do her that favor. 

"I'm actually a friend of your sister's," Lucy said as she sat down on my couch, "and she's in a rough place right now."

"I didn't know Rachel had any friends," I said, tactfully sitting next to Lucy, "she's always calling me from A.S.U and telling me how lonely she is. Do you go to A.S.U?" 

"I'm done with school, actually," Lucy said, "can I smoke in here?"

"Sure."

Lucy took out a pack of Marlboro Reds, which surprised me. Most girls who smoke, don't smoke something that harsh. Lucy was a bad, bad little devil; I was betting on anal. She flicked her thumb, and a flame shot from the tip. I raised my eyebrows at her cool party trick. 

"You've got to show me how you do that," I said, "do you keep a match in your palm or something?"

"I can summon the flame of hellfire at will." Lucy smiled. It was a little weird that she was staying in character after the party, but I didn't give a shit. She could extinguish that square on my balls if it meant I got to eat her ass. 

"You were talking about Rachel?" I asked. 

"Yeah," Lucy said, blowing out a smoky shape of a woman bending over (how fucking cool was that?), "Rachel is in hell and needs you to have sex with her."

"Wut?" I replied. It was more of a statement than a question. Why is it that the hot ones I bring home are always fucking crazy? This is Allison all over again.

"Your sister, Rachel Johnson, is in hell with God, in my therapist's office, waiting for me to bring you over to have sex with her." Lucy said in a very matter-of-fact way. This bitch was hot, but not hot enough to ignore the red flags flying from every post in my mind. 

"Ooooookkkkaaaaay," I said, getting up, "you need to leave."

"Oh, you still think I'm a cosplay slut you met at the party last night?" Lucy laughed, "I thought I dropped enough hints, but apparently, I was too subtle. Why don't you look out your window?"

"Why the fuck-"

Welp, my hyper religious parents were right all along. Hell was real, I was a sinner, and now I was being punished. Outside my window was a sea of lava, and billions of naked bodies writhing in torturous... wait, no, they were all fucking; not so bad after all. I didn't recall dying last night, but given how much alcohol I remembered consuming, my death was probably embarrassing as fuck, and posted on LiveLeak by now. I hope I didn't shit myself. I definitely shit myself. 

"Satan," I said to the beautiful queen of evil, "did I shit myself when I died? Because I have this problem where if I drink too much-"

"You're not dead Brian." Satan laughed, "You're just visiting, like your sister. And call me 'Lucy.'"

"Right," I said, snapping my fingers, "you want me to fuck my sister. I'm not doing it."

"It'll only be for a little-"

"I. Am. Not. Having. Sex. With. My. Sister!" I yelled. "End of story! Now take me back to my apartment so I can smoke my bowl in peace!" 

"Have you ever seen those movies where someone makes a deal with the devil, and then they get everything they want?" Lucy said, standing up and walking seductively to me, "I can give you anything you want."

"I want you to leave me alone," I said, "and not ask me to have sex with my sister."

"I could give you fortune-"

"Not interested."

"Fame?"

"Don't need it."

"All the women you could ever desire?"

"I can masturbate." 

"Holy shit," Lucy grumbled, "you and your sister are the two most stubborn fucking people I've ever met. I had my fist nine inches up her ass yesterday-"

"I don't want to hear about that!" I grimaced. "What are you doing with her anyway?"

"God and I make these bets," Lucy explained, "where God makes a human of pure spirit, and I try to corrupt them. So far, Rachel has passed the first test. The second test is where I find her deepest darkest fantasy and make it a reality. And you, Brian, are that fantasy."

"What the fuck," I said, "Rachel wants to have sex with me?! She's a fucking Jesus freak! She goes to the confession box for just thinking about things!"

"And she's been thinking about you, and what you have between your legs for quite some time." Lucy smirked, "I guess she suppresses these thoughts so deeply she won't even confess them to a priest, but she confessed them to me, Brian. Your precious little sister wants you balls deep in her virgin pussy." 

"What the fuck..." I said, sitting down on the couch in shock. 

"The origin of this depravity lies somewhere in the pages of your history." Lucy said as she walked behind me, and placed her hands on my shoulders, "Let's take a look, shall we?"

A book appeared in my lap, and Lucy opened it. Her hands were delicate, with long fingers and black nail polish. She paged through the book of empty sheets, then stopped. 

"Here..." She hissed, "this is where it all started."

The page came to life in a screen of moving colors, then focused. It was from the viewpoint of my eyes. I was yelling at my parents, pointing an accusing finger at them, then gesturing to Rachel sobbing on the floor. She was eighteen at the time, and she'd just been caught texting a boy from school. It was nothing salacious; it was an innocuous "hi," but it was enough for my parents to come down on her hard. I defended her, I stood up for her and tried to explain reason to my parents. I told them they were ruining her, that she'd never function as an adult if they kept treating her this way. They threw her in the closet and screamed passages from the bible at her. I pushed Mom out of the way, tore Rachel from the closet, and punched my old man in the face when he tried to stop me. 

That was the last time we ever saw our parents. Rachel lived with me until she graduated high school and went to A.S.U. I feared that the damage of her youth was permanent, that she'd never escape from the shell our parents put her in. She prayed every day, she followed the word of God to the letter, and she wore a cross at all times, not even taking it off in the shower. She never had any fun, never made any friends, and she barely talked to anyone but me. All I could do was encourage her to be herself, and hope that she'd open up to new experiences. And ever since I had dragged her from that hellhole of a house, she'd wanted to fuck me. What the fuck. 

"That was quite the thing you did for her." Lucy's voice whispered in my ear, "No wonder she sees you the way she does. You saved her, Brian, and that night, she touched herself for the first time, thinking about you."

"Get the fuck away from me!" I growled. 

"That's not how this works." Lucy whispered, her voice a mix of lust and malice, "You see, Rachel's stuck here until she either passes my test, or fails it, in which case she'll willingly join me in hell. God thinks Rachel could be the next messiah, and Rachel really pines for God's approval. If you don't help me, Brian, then Rachel can't pass her test, and she'll stay down here forever, stuck in my therapist office, waiting for you to save her once again."

"Jesus Christ," I exclaimed, "you really are an evil bitch."

"I'm not so bad once you get to know me." Lucy laughed as she massaged my shoulders, "God however; God is a piece of work."

"He gambles with innocent people's souls. He sounds like a real old testament asshole."

"She, Brian, God is a woman. And she's not an asshole; she really does try to do good, it's just... she's kind of stupid. I mean, she knows everything in the universe, but her judgement is poor, to put it nicely."

"So, I have to have sex with my sister to save her soul?" I sighed. 
