 Getting in Touch with Your Masculine Side

LUCIFER

Rachel, God and I were sitting naked in a hot tub, enjoying the scenery the underworld had to offer. I felt guilty about putting the poor mortal through emotional trauma when I tempted her with an eternal sibling romance, so I decided a spa day would be nice before her next test. I couldn't help but let my gaze linger on her wet pale breasts as the tops floated tantalizing from the surface. Rachel was oblivious to my staring, but God caught me. She scooted next to Rachel, wrapped an arm around the mortal, and gave me a little smirk. Rachel misread the situation entirely, and snuggled into God's arm like a daughter in her mother's. God pet Rachel's head lovingly, though I saw the possessiveness in her touch. Rachel was a prize, and for now, God was the one holding the trophy, and she had no qualms with lauding her victory over me. 

"How was Brian, Lucy?" God sneered. 

"I knew you'd do something." I smiled back, "I knew I was getting off way too easy when you changed my debt from mechanized sexual torture, to fucking an undergrad."

"What do you mean?" Rachel asked, staring up at God. 

"I gave your older brother a little parting gift for his service to the holy cause," God chuckled, "actually it wasn't such a little gift." 

"God gave your older brother a nine-inch cock," I said to Rachel, "and he was just as surprised as me when he pulled his pants down." 

"That was nice of you." Rachel beamed at God. 

"Our god can be so benevolent when she's trying to spite me." I laughed, "I bet you're mad you didn't get to try out his new plumbing, Rachel; he filled me out so well." 

"He was almost too big for me as he was." Rachel said sheepishly, still awkward about her sexuality, "I don't think I could have handled him at that size." 

"I'll be curious," I smiled wickedly, "about what size you'll be in this next trial."

"Huh?" Rachel asked. 

"What size your manliness will be, Rachel." I smiled as I slid my body next to her, sandwiching her between God and me.

"Ooooo the hermaphrodites?" God hissed excitedly. 

"That's right," I smirked, "we're getting Rachel in touch with her masculine side."

"Hermaphrodites?" Rachel asked. 

"Futanari in Japanese," I replied, "she-males, sissies, pre-op trannies?"

Rachel looked up at me with a confused expression. 

"Sweetie," God giggled in Rachel's ear, "you're going to grow a penis." 

RACHEL

"Don't be so worried, Rachel!" God laughed as we walked down the brimstone path. 

"How can I not be worried?!" I exclaimed, "I'm going to lose my gender!"

"It's temporary," Lucy reassured me, "and you get to keep your pussy. We just grow that clit out, and add some testicles. Of course, it could be a permanent change if you want it to be; all you have to do is join me, and I'll add a new she-male to my garden."

"Nice try, Lucy." I smirked. 

"We'll see what you think after Caitlyn's done with you." Lucy smirked back. 

"Caitlyn?" I asked. 

"She was one of my purest souls," God sighed, "but she gave into the temptation of the hermaphrodites. It suits her much better, I think."

"She's the queen of the hermaphrodites," Lucy said, "and for good reason; she's amazing. I can't wait for you to meet her." 

"I'm sure I won't be attracted to a woman with a penis." I frowned. 

"Don't be so certain," Lucy said, "and even if you do pass this test, I'll have all the information I'll need for the later trials."

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"I'm building a dossier on you, Rachel." Lucy chuckled, "I want to find out what makes you tick, so that I can alter future trials to maximize the temptation. You're used to masking your female sexuality; you've been doing it since you had your first period. Having the urges of a man will be foreign to you, and you will not be able to hide them from me."

"Will you be a gentle lover?" God smiled, "Or rigorous and controlling? Will you be tender, or rough? I'm so excited to find out." 

"I assume you'll be joining us?" Lucy smiled wickedly at God. 

"To test Rachel's faith, of course." God smiled back, "I need to make sure she'll stay true to my word."

"You're a fucking hypocrite." Lucy laughed. 

"God is all-powerful and all-mighty." I said to Lucy, "She has no need to deceive me."

"You're such an ass-kisser." Lucy laughed at me. 

"She's a precious little angel." God beamed back at me. My heart melted at her warm smile. I was sure to pass this test with her at my side. 

We continued down the path until we reached a splendid garden. The bushes were trimmed to perfectly uniform heights, and twisted into a hedged maze. The flowers were all bright pink and in full bloom, wafting their nectarous aromas as they displayed their garish hues. In the middle of the garden was a fountain made of stone women, all pissing into each other's mouths from large phalli. 

"Do you like it?" Lucy asked as I gawked at the fountain, "I had Michelangelo make it for me."

"Michelangelo is in hell?!" I gasped. 

"I'm still salty you got him." God grimaced at Lucy, "The irony of the man who painted the Sistine Chapel, damned to hell, was not lost on me."

"Hey Lucy, hey God." A shapely female demon said as she approached us. My mouth fell open when I saw her. Her skin was deep crimson like Lucy's; her face was adorned with high cheekbones, blue eyes, and full lips; her hair was white and buzzed down on the right side of her head; and two small curved red horns protruded from beneath it. Her passionate complexion was decorated with golden piercings; hoops in each ear, a gauge in each nipple with a connecting chain between them, and a trail of golden studs that extended down the line of her abdomen, and encircled her navel, before continuing in a series of spherical piercings that ran down her pelvis, and up the shaft of her ample red cock. Nestled behind her masculine organ, was a set of hairless smooth balls. Her body was feminine, but toned with lithe muscle. Lucy was right; I found myself incredibly attracted to her. Comingling with his attraction was a deep self-disgust for my perversion, and guilt from my sinful thoughts, but I could not deny my desires. Every aspect of womankind I found attractive was married to the beauty of mankind in one being. 

"Hey Caitlyn." Lucy smiled sultrily, then passionately kissed the hermaphrodite. Their mouths consumed one another with mutual avarice, and their bodies pressed and molded without one bending to the other. I'd seen Lucy interact with her demons before, but I'd never seen one of them treat her as an equal until Caitlyn. I got the feeling that while this garden was technically Lucy's, it was made for, and belonged to, Caitlyn. The two red women parted with the same blissful smiles, then turned their attention to me. I felt suddenly insignificant, and incredibly intimidated. 

"This is Rachel." Lucy introduced me with a smile. 

"Hi Rachel," Caitlyn said huskily as she advanced with impossible sexual confidence; her hips swinging with daunting swagger, her legs walking in line with each other, "I've heard so much about you."

"Not everything, I hope." I giggled with a nervous twirl of my hair, and subconsciously shifted my weight onto one hip.

Oooo, Rachel, God sniggered in my mind, I've never seen you preening like this before.

I hadn't even noticed I was staring flirtatiously at Caitlyn. I abruptly pulled my hand from my hair, and stood up straight, then instantly turned bright red from my awkward transition. 

"There's no need to be anxious." Caitlyn smiled warmly, her voice impossibly seductive, "Come back with me, and we'll get started."

Caitlyn took my hand in hers, entwining our fingers, and walking me through the entrance of the hedged maze. Her grasp was firm, but not controlling; she simply beckoned me to walk with her by the touch of her skin, and I willingly complied. I looked back to see God and Lucy following from a close distance, both staring unabashedly at Caitlyn's thick ass. We walked through the twisting turns of the maze until we reached a clearing. Another fountain stood in the center, this one of a hermaphrodite arching her back in the throes of ecstasy as a stream of water sprayed continuously from her engorged member. 

"Have a seat Rachel." Caitlyn's seductive voice softly commanded. I nervously sat down on a stone bench while God and Lucy sat cross-legged in the grass. Caitlyn leaned forward and placed her palms on my knees. 

"It hasn't been lost on me that you want me, Rachel." Caitlyn smiled down at me, "Your gaze is very telling."

"I-I'm sorry for staring." I stuttered. 

"Why would you be sorry?" Caitlyn chuckled, "Do you think I walk naked through this garden to avoid the gazes of onlookers?"

"I don't-"

"Fill your eyes," Caitlyn whispered, the hint of a moan in her voice, "do not be ashamed of what you desire."

My eyes greedily ran the length Caitlyn's body. I'd never seen a creature so physically embody sex; it was as though she were designed solely for the act. Every curve of her was exaggerated to vulgar proportions; her breasts bursting from her chest in perfect domes of red, not a space between them; her ass bulging in a gravity-defying perch over trunk-like thighs, the supple texture of it hinted at by the crease where her legs ended. Her hips were impossibly wide, set below a narrow waist that drew inwardly at the pelvis, and revealed a long, smooth cock that looked absolutely... delicious. The piercings that highlighted her assets gleamed from her in the infernal light, as though she were a jewel shining before me. 

"Do you like my piercings?" Caitlyn asked. 

"They're beautiful." I said honestly. 

"I could give you some," Caitlyn said, "I could make you gleam like a diamond." 

"Desecration of thine own flesh is a sin." I said, but I wanted to. I wanted to be beautiful like Caitlyn, to walk confidently in my naked flesh, and be the desire of all. I wanted to be this woman. 

"I prefer to think of it as accentuation," Caitlyn smiled, "which is what we'll be doing to you today. Let's take off these baggy clothes, and reveal the beauty you're hiding from me."

I nervously pulled off my oversized sweatshirt as Caitlyn unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled down my pants. I felt so ugly in her presence, and was apprehensive to take off my undergarments. 

"We need to remove all the clothing," Caitlyn laughed softly, "there's no need to be shy."

I tentatively hooked my thumbs beneath the strap of my panties, and pulled them off as Caitlyn unhooked my bra. I was so uncomfortable in my nakedness, especially with this sex-goddess in front of me. I crossed my arms over my breasts, and my legs over my lap. 

"Why are you hiding?" Caitlyn asked as she got on her knees before me, "You're so pretty, Rachel."

"No, I'm not." I said. 

"Insecurity isn't attractive, dear," Caitlyn smiled, her fingers tracing the creases of my thighs, "confidence is. You should walk in this body with pride, not shame." 

Her gentle touch radiated into my flesh, and loosened my tensed muscles. I cautiously uncrossed my arms, and laid my palms flat against the stone bench, letting her see all of me. Caitlyn's mouth widened into a warm smile, her eyes taking me in. I smiled sheepishly back, more than a little flattered by her expression of desire. I wanted Caitlyn to see all of me. I wanted her to want me. 

"I used to be so much like you," Caitlyn whispered as she parted my legs, "ashamed of my body, even though I was quite beautiful. When Lucy took me to this place, I thought I was going to be tested with another carnal temptation, but it wasn't so. The real test, Rachel, is the temptation of empowerment, not lust. I can give you the power to walk confidentially in your flesh, knowing that all who see you will desire you. Do you want that?"

"Yessss," I hissed, "I want that... I want to be like you."

"Then let me help you." Caitlyn grinned as she showed me the tongue piercing she had just for me, "Let me help you love yourself."

She lowered her face between my spread thighs, and flicked her tongue across my clit. I shuddered and moaned, feeling the familiar wetness coursing between my legs, feeling my nethers swell with readiness. She pressed her full lips around my sensitive bump, and sensually ran her wet warm tongue along it, teasing it, circling it, drawing it to a bead of nerves. I pushed my palms hard against the bench and tilted my head back, closing my eyes, opening my legs wider. Her tongue-piercing worked its magic, constantly stimulating me, intensifying the pleasure to new heights. A purr escaped my parted lips and my legs splayed, all apprehension leaving me to the prowess of the woman. My palms moved from the bench, and ran through Caitlyn's white hair. I grasped the back of her head, and pushed her harder against me. She moaned in reaction to my ardency, and worked her tongue faster, prompting the tingling beginnings of an orgasm. My purr rose to a humming moan, interrupted only by small gasps and whimpers. Caitlyn didn't let up on me. She sucked my clit gently from my body, enclosing it between her lush lips, toying with it behind a devious pursing that stretched my pubic flesh from my cunt. It was more than I could take. With trembling legs and a passionate cry, I climaxed. 

I felt my clit engorge with blood. I looked down in horror to see it growing in Caitlyn's mouth. The corners of her lips curled in a smile, but that smile soon vanished. My new penis grew and grew until the girth stretched Caitlyn's lips, and the length began to push against the back of her throat. I cried out in terror and pleasure as my new cock forced a gag from the hermaphrodite, burrowing into her tight wet esophagus. Her eyes widened in a moment of shock, but she recovered quickly and took me all the way in, pushing her full lips to my base, looking up at me from piercing blue irises as the rest of my body changed. My soft arms and torso toned and hardened with muscle, my breasts grew larger, my ass grew thicker, and my pale skin darkened until it was a golden tan. When my transformation was complete, Caitlyn slowly slid her lips up my length, revealing the massive organ she'd been consuming. 

"Rachel," she said, her voice wavering in awe, "come with me." 

Caitlyn took my hand in hers, and guided me to the fountain. I looked out of the corner of my eye to see Lucy and God gawking at me. I smiled internally, and continued walking with Caitlyn until we reached the water. I looked down into the glass-like surface of the pool, and gasped at my reflection. I was beautiful. Every imperfection had been removed, every good feature had been enhanced, and everything else had been transformed entirely. My hair was now white, my skin tan, my eyes piercing blue, my ass and breasts larger and perfectly shaped, and between my thick legs, was a long smooth cock, and a pair of hairless balls held taut against my body. I tested my new organ with a stroke of my hand, and it felt... right. Behind it, my slit still leaked with my feminine desire, but for now it was an afterthought. 

"Look how beautiful you are." Caitlyn whispered in my ear, "You could become the next queen of this garden. We could decorate you with gems across this beautiful canvas. Every man and woman would flock to you, worship you, and please you as you wish." 

"And you, Caitlyn?" I asked as I turned my body to her, "Would you please me as I wish?"

"Gladly," Caitlyn smiled as her hands ran down my curves, "if you join me, Rachel, I will worship you every day like the queen you are."

"Worship me now." I smirked. I'd never felt so confident, so sexually empowered. When I moved, I moved with a grace I'd never expressed before. When I spoke, every word I said came easily, without a hint of awkwardness or apprehension. I slid a hand behind the back of Caitlyn's head, and smiled at her. She smiled back, and we moved together. 

Our breasts squished together as our cocks engorged against one another. Our tongues entangled in a practiced dance inside our mouths, as though we'd been kissing each other for ages. My hands instinctively moved where they needed to go. I filled my fingers with Caitlyn's full ass as my other hand entangled in a mess of her white hair, pulling it back. I found myself becoming the dominant partner. Caitlyn tilted her head for me, and my face moved atop hers, our lips sucking in a gentle devouring, our eyes closed in bliss. She reached between us and wrapped her cool hands around my throbbing cock. My hand slid from her ass to her upper thigh, and I guided her leg to bend at the knee as we gracefully descended to the grass. She wrapped her leg around my waist as she stroked my cock, a frothing shot of precum lubing her hand. We parted from our oral embrace and stared with eyes half-closed into each other. A thin smile crept across both our lips. We were so sexually compatible; every movement one of us made was countered beautifully by the other, as though we knew exactly what the other was going to do. Caitlyn shifted her hips upward and released my member, as I shifted my hips down and pushed it inside her. 

LUCIFER

"It's like we don't even exist." God pouted on the grass as we watched the two hermaphrodites engaging in the most beautiful sex I'd ever seen. 

"Why would they care about you?" I laughed, "I might be the lord of sin, but you're an amateur compared to these two."

"I am not!" God said, "I've been fucking for billions of years!"

"It's evolution Honey." I said, "The hermaphrodites were built for nothing else. Now that Rachel's one of them, she's got all the right instincts. Why would she settle for you, when she can fuck her equal?"

"Do you think she'll stay here with Caitlyn?" God asked nervously.

"I actually thought Rachel would pass this test with ease," I said, "but it appears she has some pretty extensive self-perception issues. All those baggy clothes weren't just there to hide her beautiful body from the temptations of sin, but to conceal it because she was self-conscious." 

"She had some bullying problems in her early teens." God frowned, "A group of jealous cunts kept telling Rachel she was ugly, and without any friends to keep her up, she believed the bitches." 

"And now look at her," I smiled, "the most beautiful creature in hell, and she knows it too. Look how confident she is, how domineering and controlling she can be. Caitlyn is just like her; rigorous, possessive, dominating. These two are going to be at it forever."

"Yeah..." God trailed off as she began to touch herself, "Hey, do you wanna fuck?"

"Sure thing," I grinned as slid my body next to her, "let's see if we can get their attention."

RACHEL

"Do you like it when I do that?" I whispered as I slowly thrusted into Caitlyn's pussy, her red body shifting subtly against the grass. 

"Mmmmmmm, Rachel," Caitlyn smiled back, her mouth parting to yield moans of approval, "it's like you were born with a cock."

"These piercings you have," I said as I stroked Caitlyn's member, "do they make it feel better?"

"So much better." Caitlyn moaned. 

"I think I want some," I giggled, "but I want them on my pussy too."

"Are you going to stay with me here?" Caitlyn murmured as I slid my full length inside her. In and out, in and out. My motions were slow and methodical, enjoying the tight wetness of her, the softness of her insides as they fit warmly around me. 

"I don't know, Cat," I smirked, "you'll need to convince me to."

"I think I can do that." 

Caitlyn shifted her weight beneath me, her body sending a wordless message to mine. I instinctively rolled with her until I was on my back, and she was straddled across my lap. One of my hands greedily traced the lines of her, sliding from her neck to her breasts, and lingering there before outlining her torso and hips. My other hand continued to stroke her cock as I pushed my pelvis against her, lifting the red hermaphrodite off the ground. Caitlyn grinned wickedly down at me, and drove her hips into a gyrating circular dance. Her muscular abdomen flexed in waves, her breasts bounced in jiggles as her weight shifted, and her pubis grinded passionately downward, her tight pussy stirring around me, enveloping me from all sides, pulling me deeper into her tightness. Squeezing me. 
