 The pair shifted uncomfortably in their chairs. Going to marriage counseling was tough-enough as it was, but this is ridiculous. First of all, their "friend" had neglected to mention that the councilor was a lamia, something you would think probably should have been mentioned earlier. Secondly, that fucking smile she wore was far too creepy for a therapist. The face of imminent rape was framed nicely by golden streams of hair that barely reached her lower back while vibrant, blue eyes stared out from a face as gorgeous as either had ever seen. Her pantsuit did little to hide her curvaceous form, seemingly cut to be as revealing as possible while still pretending to acknowledge professional etiquette. She rested upon a thick pile of her own coils, their dark tans and browns contrasting nicely with her light skin. She sat behind a large oaken desk, a small plaque reading "Dr. Kate Schubert" the only ornament adorning its surface. 

She had a hard time controlling herself when they came in like this. The way they shifted and squirmed under her gaze reminded her too much of prey, playing strongly on her predatory instincts. Still, she had a job to do, and would make sure to do it well. It wasn't easy, being a lamia marriage counselor. Most people had a hard time talking about their love lives in front of any monster girl, much less one that doesn't need to blink. She suspected that the couple before her never considered that she may not be human. Judging by their reaction, she doubted they would have even come if it were not the case. She set aside her indignation at being stereotyped and recalled what little information her patients had given her when they spoke on the phone.

Mary Bates had called her about a week ago to set up the appointment. She seemed confident when they had spoken earlier, but her current attempt at becoming one with the chair cast her as anything but. She was a thin girl, likely a runner. While her bust paled in comparison with that of her slithering psychologist, her hips spoke of an undeniably feminine form lurking under her conservative clothing. Her short black hair and patterned dress made her look like she would be more at home churning butter in a cabin than living in the city. Even still, she possessed a certain classic beauty that would have made her incredibly desirable the last time anyone had worn a dress like that.

Her husband, Ed, was little different. He was a handsome yet slightly unkempt man in a dull suit. Aside from his obvious youth and thick brown hair, he could have been mistaken for an economics professor, rimless glasses and all. He gripped his chair tightly, looking every bit as uncomfortable as his wife. The silence seemed to grate on him as it drug on, his eyes searching for anything other than the lamia before him to focus his attention on. Unfortunately for him, there was little in the way of furnishings outside of the chairs they were sitting in and the sparse desk in front. Kate had found that, without decorations, her patients had little option to escape from her gaze. It seemed as though her strategy was working quite nicely.

Apparently, the two had recently been having difficulty finding excitement in their lives. Although she rarely saw such complaints coming from a couple that had not yet reached thirty, their manner of dress made it unsurprising. She began to wonder if she may be dealing with the only Amish couple to ever live in a city when Ed finally broke the silence.

"Hi. I'm Ed, and this is Mary. A friend of ours recommended you. She ahh...said that she and her husband had seen you in the past, and that you saved their marriage. We were hoping that you could help us with our problems." 

Mary nodded vigorously along with her husband's words, as if trying to convince herself that if she looked vigorous enough, she would not be eaten. Kate sighed lightly, trying to conceal her snake half below the large desk, hoping that Mary would open up a bit more if she saw a woman instead of a half-snake. It seemed to help slightly, but her unease returned with the silence that followed her husband's introduction. The silent ones were always the hardest to work with. If Kate wanted to pull teeth, she would have been a dentist. She chose instead to simply start talking, hoping that the couple would lighten up once they got rolling.

"Well, it's good you came to see me. Not many couples have the courage to ask others for help. That you came here at all counts for something. In any case, I like to try to get to know my patients before we really delve into the heart of the matter, so if you don't mind, I would like it if you told me some things about yourselves. What do you do for fun? What kind of activities do you do together? That sort of thing."

It was a slow start, but the conversation did start to pick up. Unfortunately, time ran out before they got anywhere important. They seemed like good-enough people, if rather uninteresting. Their relationship dynamic seemed was perfectly fine. Perhaps this would be an easy case. Kate figured she could use a break from the usual "I never married you" and "you just kidnapped me one day", or the ever-popular "she won't stop raping me". Such is life as a monster girl marriage councilor. For once, it was nice to talk to normal people with normal problems. They scheduled another meeting for the next week and parted ways. It was already past six, and Kate had no further appointments lined up, so she wandered wearily home.

She was greeted by nothing but the stillness of her empty home. With no one to object, she reheated some leftovers and threw herself down on the couch, still dressed in her work attire. The irony of being a yet-unmarried marriage councilor did not escape her. It wasn't that she didn't try, she just seemed to have a hard time holding onto relationships. Apparently, the combination of marriage councilor and lamia was simply too much for most men to handle. They always just seemed uncomfortable around her, as if they expected her to be judging them constantly. She wasn't just a councilor. Just because someone wasn't perfect, she wasn't going to hound him to fix everything. Really, she was just tired of being alone. With previous little to occupy herself with, Kate drifted into an uncomfortable sleep on the couch.

Their next few appointments went well. Kate suggested that they keep a calendar and set days and times to do activities together. They were both surprisingly outdoorsy, so their free time was quickly occupied with camping, rafting, and climbing. They also seemed to open up a lot more, even going so far as to tease each other lightly during their sessions. All-in-all, it seemed like they had little reason to see her anymore. After yet another session with no complaints, she recommended that they move on, since they had clearly grown a lot closer and seemed to be able to sort out any further problems on their own. As soon as she made the suggestion, their expressions shifted. They eyed each other nervously, as if they both wanted to say something, yet could not bring themselves to say it. However, neither said anything until Ed thanked her for her help and they stood to leave. Before they could reach the door, Kate called out. While she did care about her patients, she was mostly just curious as to what could make them react like that. They stopped when she asked and seemed to be debating what to do. They whispered quietly between themselves until Mary turned around, blushing profusely as she spoke.

"We were...wondering if you could...if you could recommend someone to help with...something else. You were great, really, but we're still...we feel like..."

"We need help with sex." Ed finished her sentence, though not seeming any more comfortable than she.

Bored. With sex. To a lamia therapist working in the heart of the most monster-ridden city in the world, the idea was completely foreign. In nearly a decade of practice, she had never heard anything of the sort. It was possibly the most adorable thing she could have imagined, particularly with how fiercely they were blushing. Her office was usually full of husbands begging their wives to stop raping them, stop using venom or magic, or stop doing...things with their tails. But this, this was something else. She fought hard to resist laughing, but the seriousness written over their faces made the prospect of her victory dubious, at best. She finally lost when Ed asked if she was alright, probably in response to the pained expression on her face.

Ed immediately regretted reaching out to the therapist as she began to emit an unearthly hissing sound. It was quiet at first, but grew louder and deeper as it progressed. The lamia started to shake and rock as though she were having some kind of seizure. He grew horrified as the hissing grew into a growl and she threw her head back. The couple started inching towards the door, preparing to escape before she spit venom at them or something. They could do that, right? Ed never bothered to read up on the abilities of lamia, never imagining himself being cornered in an already small office by a trembling snake. He was snapped out of his contemplation when the therapist broke into an unrestrained, full-bodied laugh. If anything, her shaking grew stronger as she clutched at her stomach and leaned over her over-sized desk. Fear bled out, only to be replaced by embarrassment as Ed and Mary stood, watching their therapist laugh. At them. They had nearly made it out the door before she was able to control herself enough to ask them to wait. Reluctantly, they sat in the doorway and watched as she caught her breath, small shivers of humor shaking her tail as she gasped for air.

With a few more deep breaths, Kate steeled herself, taking special care not to look up. If she saw them again, she would have to fight with herself all over again, and she doubted they would wait for her to stop a second time. She apologized shakily before continuing, explaining that she rarely worked with human couples, so she had never encountered their particular...dysfunction before. She agreed to meet with them again, but not in her office. They would need to go someplace more comfortable to discuss something they were so embarrassed over. They invited Kate to their home, setting an appointment for their usual time slot. 

She waited to hear the outside door shut before letting herself go again. Her laughter returned, shaking her whole body with its force. After a good ten minutes, she calmed down and began planning. She opened her desk, producing a bottle and a glass. As she poured herself a drink, a slow smile crept over her face. Her thoughts raced and the smile continued to grow until a rictus grin threatened to rip her face apart. She drank as she chuckled silently to herself, making a mental shopping list for next week's session. This was going to be fun.

As far as Kate was concerned, their next appointment had not come soon enough. She whistled merrily as she slithered, a large cloth bag full of "marital aids" draped over her shoulder. By the time she arrived, she was practically giddy with anticipation. She was welcomed politely into their home, turning down several offers of drinks or food before making herself at home on their floor, bag nestled against her coils. She watched the Bates as they bustled, looking as though they were avoiding sitting down for fear of the conversation to come. After a while, they sat stiffly on a couch, looking as uncomfortable as they could in their own home. She started off by engaging in some small talk, hoping to put them at ease. They would need to be more at ease for what she had planned. 

Kate's stilted attempts at making conversation did little to alleviate their unease. Mary was completely taken aback, transfixed by the mischief she saw in her therapist's eyes. What's more, Mary could swear the snake was getting closer, though it was hard to tell. The way she wove about as she spoke made it rather difficult to track her movements accurately. Ed, meanwhile, was occupied considering the potential contents of the overstuffed bag sitting next to the lamia. Neither were ready when a length of tail wrapped around Mary, picking her up gently before forcing her against her husband.

"You two are married. You don't need to look so damn uncomfortable next to each other. Come on, get closer. Actually, better idea."

She rested her head atop her hand as she pulled and grabbed with her tail, pulling the couple into her embrace as she stared at them with unadulterated lust. They struggled fruitlessly against her crushing strength, only managing to make their situation even more precarious. Ed was now face-to-face with his wife's cleavage, trapped between her slight mounds and the mad therapist's tail. Mary had managed to get an army partially free, but quickly found it caught again, her hand pinned against Ed's crotch. Distracted as she was, she nearly missed the sensation of something hardening and pressing against her hand. She looked confusedly at her husband, whose head was still pinned against her chest. He opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out as his mouth was suddenly pushed against her breast. Her breasts were particularly sensitive, something she was generally grateful for. This time, however, she found herself cursing her body's sexuality as his mouth worked over her breast, his teeth grazing lightly against a hardening nipple. She wished she could tell him to stop trying to talk, but knew that opening her mouth would release the moans she was struggling to hold in. In her struggle to fight her growing arousal, she realized that she had been squeezing and pulling on her husband's erection, now held tightly to his body by his pants.

"That's more like it, but I think that we all need to be a bit more comfortable. Plus, your clothes would just get in the way if they stayed on."

The lamia began to undress herself, quickly shedding her clothes before slowly unclasping her bra. She knew that neither could see her right now, but the though of stripping in front of them turned her on anyway. She slid forward, adjusting her coils so that she could access her patient's clothing. She stood them up, taking off their pants and underwear before inspecting what she had to work with. Surprisingly, Mary was clean shaven and already rather moist. Kate drew a finger over her slit, wetting her finger in the other woman's fluids and drawing out a light gasp for her efforts. She licked her finger, mulling over the taste. She had spent so much time working with other monsters that the taste of a normal human was something of a delicacy to her. She made a show for her audience, moaning lewdly as she sucked her finger before turning towards Ed.

His erection nearly poked her in the forehead as she turned towards him. He was far larger than she had imagined, far larger than she thought a mere human like Mary would be able to handle. Still, she had to give the woman credit. A small drop of precum formed at his head when she ran a finger across the bottom of his length. She growled suggestively as she flicked at his glans with her tongue, barely scraping against his flesh as she tasted him. He struggled in her grip, but she knew he had no chance of escaping. She readjusted her grip yet again, freeing their torsos so that she could strip their upper bodies of clothing. They protested as she worked, but she paid them no heed and quickly stripped them of what they were still wearing. She was trying to help, but they both seemed insistent on making her out to be the bad guy, or some kind of rapist. What kind of rapist makes other people fuck, anyway? She was, at worst, a non-consensual pimp. She slithered behind Mary, intent on demonstrating the lengths she was willing to go to for her patients. 

Ed felt himself once again at eye-level with his wife's chest, staring at her now-hard nipples. He was slightly relieved that he was not the only one who was aroused, though he was still unable to shake the embarrassment of being so turned on by the situation. He watched as Kate's hands came around Mary's breasts, fingers rubbing and pulling at her nipples. His mouth watered slightly as their captor continued to play with her tits, rubbing them gently as she continued to pull at her nipples. Mary was gasping now, the sensation overwhelming her ability to hide her arousal. Ed felt her juices dripping onto his leg, making him ache with desire. 

"Changed your mind, I see. Don't worry, I'm here for you both. Here, let's see if this works..."

Mary felt her husband's head prod her entrance as they were pushed about by Kate's coils. Her breathing hitched as it found its mark. Slowly, she was forced downwards in the tangle of love, spreading over his member as she descended. They gasped in concert as she was penetrated, their hips making first contact after an agonizing thirty seconds of slow pushing. When she reached the base of his member, she felt something wet rub against her ass. From the hiss she heard from behind, she guessed that the lamia was frotting against her rear. Her mind was dragged back to her own sex as she was lifted off his rod as slowly as she descended. She felt his head slip out of her tunnel before going back in again, reaching the hilt in half the time. She was vastly more aroused than she wished to admit, particularly by the growing patch of wetness on her ass as the lamia worked herself over her body. Her ministrations on Mary's nipples had not stopped either, a fact not lost to either of them. They all moved together, a concert of pleasure directed by an encompassing tail. All three gasped and moaned as they moved again, the voluptuous curve of her ass pleasuring the lamia behind her, while her cunt squeezed at her husband's cock. 

Kate grabbed the woman's hips, pulling herself into her as as hard as she could. She was slowly going mad with lust and needed to sate herself if she wanted to keep a level head. While maintaining the slow pace of the couple's lovemaking, she rubbed herself with desperate fury over Mary's ass, splatting her own juices all over the woman's back. With every pull back, her bare clit ran down her ass, eliciting sharp moans of pleasure with every stroke. She ground herself against the woman's back with a speed no human could hope to match as her orgasm built. Her jaw sagged as she thrust, her spit joining her other juices on the human's back with the force of her frottage. Her breath caught as she came, spraying Mary's back with her fluids as she ground against her, desperate to maintain the sensation. Her orgasm rode on and on until she nearly lost grip of the couple. When she returned to lucidity, she realized that she had accidentally ceased their slow congress. She started over, making sure not to hurry, to make each stroke count. With herself taken care of, she could play with them as long as she wanted.

Mary could feel the lamia's orgasm as it broke, the gentle heat of their contact and the soft drip of her fluids almost enough to push the human woman into an orgasm of her own. The shuttering gasps and frantic thrashing behind her fed her own lust as she yearned to reach the same heights of pleasure. She felt the cock inside her throb and harden as her husband watched the lamia cum, but it wasn't enough. Their slow pace simply wasn't enough for her to finish. She fought against the coils, grasping for even a modicum of control by which she could quench her thirst. But she found none. The coils were unrelenting, giving nothing but bruises for her efforts. She tried to focus on the growing warmth in her loins, hoping she could will herself to orgasm. In and out he went, never fast-enough to bring release, never slow-enough to let her off the edge. Every time he entered her, she felt herself in reach of her orgasm, only to be left grasping at empty air as he withdrew, leaving her shaking and nearly begging. 
