 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

Chapter Four

The Gangrape Movie

LUCIFER

I sat in my office with famous psychologist, Sigmund Freud, and sexologist, Alfred Kinsey. We poured over the dossier I had on Rachel, trying to figure what made this 'pure girl' tick. Smoke filled the air as we inhaled pack after pack of cigarettes, creating mountains of dead butts in scattered trays. I blew a smoky hand from my lips, and its fingers caressed Rachel's photograph, running along her cheek. I couldn't remember the last time I wanted something as much as I wanted her. 

"...I think you're overestimating the controlling nature of Rachel's sexuality." Freud said, "All humans desire control, but Rachel seeks to put that control in the hands of an idealistic interpretation of God."

"That's where I think you're wrong, Sigmund." Kinsey replied, "I think Rachel's lack of control in her childhood and teen years has manifested itself into her sexuality. Her domineering sexual nature toward God suggests that she might actually have animosity for the Almighty, and part of her resents the control she has given God over her life. She sought to take back that control yesterday by abusing God during intercourse."

"I stipulate that her lack of control in her younger years may have impacted her sexuality," Freud said to Kinsey, "but I don't believe that it manifested itself as an underlying disdain for God. You see, children often place their parents in the same echelon as an unseen God. If you've read my books, you'll note that I often relate a human's sexuality to the relationship with their parents-"

"Yeah, we all know Sigmund." Kinsey said, rolling his eyes, "You think every son has an Oedipus complex, and every daughter secretly wants to fuck her dad."

"...and if you let me continue, you fucking twat," Freud said angrily, "I was going to say that Rachel actually has two father figures in her life: her father, who was a righteous, abusive man; and her brother, who was a kind, loving protector. Now, where did Rachel seek out sexual gratification? Her brother. Rachel's darkest fantasy was the comforting protecting sexuality of her older brother, not a desire to be sexually controlling." 

"I think you're focusing too much on her relationships, and not enough on her actions." Kinsey said, "Let's look at the three times Rachel has engaged in sexual activity, and extrapolate a pattern. In the succubus club, Rachel was meek vulnerable and apprehensive, but she grew more confident as the acts went on. With her brother, Rachel was the one who initiated the sex, but she allowed her brother to take control because she was still inexperienced. Then we get to the hermaphrodites, where Rachel is sexually combative, and even dominating. I see a trend here, Sigmund."

"Where would you place Rachel on your scale, Kinsey?" I asked the sexologist. 

"I would put her at a four, I think." Kinsey said, "She is mostly heterosexual, but does enjoy the company of women. I think that her reaction to Caitlyn-"

"Your scale is bullshit, Alfred." Freud scoffed, "You can't put a numerical prison on a something as free-flowing as sexuality. You have to factor in the relationships, and the maternal and paternal power dynamics of the-"

"Not everyone wants to fuck their parents, Sigmund!" Kinsey growled, "I never wanted to fuck my mom; not once!"

"But you sought out women who were like your mother," Freud insisted, "or you purposefully sought out women who you thought were the opposite of your mother. You see, the relationship a young boy has with his mother-"

"I think we've heard enough, Sigmund," I cut off the old psychologist before he went on another incestuous rant, "thank you. My next trial is usually a gangbang, but I think I might change it."

"I don't think you should." Kinsey said, "I think that placing Rachel in a sexually vulnerable position where she lacks control would be an interesting experiment that could reveal much about her."

"I agree," Freud said, "but I think you've been too soft on her, Lucy."

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"You've given Rachel too much leeway, too much preparation." Freud said, "I think the fourth trial needs to be unexpected."

"Like a rape situation?" I asked. 

"Exactly." Freud said, "Rachel is starting to think these trials are a game; you need to rip that perception from her to get a truly genuine reaction."

"Interesting..." I said as I pondered the suggestion, "The only problem is, God will be there too, and if God is there, Rachel will still feel that she has someone protecting her."

"God is usually open to extensive roleplay." Kinsey said, "Have God subtly drop a hint that her power is limited somehow. This will crack Rachel's confidence in her omnipotence and her ability to save her."

"Make God vulnerable," Freud chimed in, "and Rachel will feel like she's on her own."

"Yeah," I grinned, "God would totally be down for that." 

GOD

Please God, let me win this next lottery, I promise I'll be good- 

Nope, go back to school and stop procrastinating and masturbating, Craig; you'll thank me later. 

Good Father, please spare the life of my son, he's a good boy, he just misguided- 

Sorry Dave, but little Bobby committed triple homicide; he's not getting off. 

Oh, Lord, just let me lose twenty pounds before my wedding, all I need it a size-ten dress- 

Hit the treadmill and put down the P.F. Chang's, Stephanie. 

Our Father, who art in heaven, convince Sara to do anal. She's been holding off on me for years, and she promised me for our anniversary, but when the time came around, she 'had a headache.' Amen. 

Oooo, this one's interesting. Sara, Sara, where are you? There you are! Hey Sara, John wants to put it in your butt, and you should totally let him! It feels awesome.

Hmmmm, I think I'll let John put it in my butt tonight. I wonder why I thought of that? 

Make sure to use lube.

I should buy some lube. 

"Hey God, am I interrupting you?" Lucy's voice asked as she appeared next to me on my cloud in heaven. 

"Just answering some prayers," I said, "nothing too important. What's up?" 

"I need you to act out a rape fantasy." Lucy smiled.

"That sounds fun!" I giggled, "Do you want me tied up in the back of a truck, or am I in a dark alleyway with nothing but my purse to protect me?"

"My fantasy's actually more on the realistic side of things." Lucy replied, "I want you to pretend I have an ancient biblical artifact that renders your powers useless. I want you to be very convincing when I show it to you in front of Rachel. I actually wrote a whole screenplay, and you're the supporting role."

"Hmmmmm," I frowned with narrowed eyes, "been having late night talks with Sigmund Freud and Alfred Kinsley, Lucy? You guys doing some psychoanalysis on my precious Rachel? You want me to partake in her abduction and gangrape? And you want to film it all for a movie?"

"Yeah," Lucy smiled, "You down?" 

"Totally." 

RACHEL

"Where's Lucy?" I asked as God and I sat in our chairs, getting our nails done. 

"She's letting you take the day off," God said, "so we're just having a girl's day today." 

"I've never had a 'girl's day.'" I splayed my manicured toes, "Do we just get our nails and hair done?"

"And then we go to a bar, get wasted, and make complete asses of ourselves." God smiled at me. 

A blast of fire sent God and I flying back into the wall as our chairs were ripped from the floor. A swarm of huge muscular demons appeared out of nowhere, and grabbed us. Lucy's silhouette focused into view from the clearing smoke. She was wearing an all-black leather one-piece that clung tightly to her body, accentuating the bust of her chest and the thickness of her ass. Her black hair was done-up in a ponytail, and her horns looked like she'd had them polished and sharpened. In her hand were a pair of chainless cuffs that she immediately clasped over God's wrists. 

"Now I've got you, you bitch!" Lucy sneered at God.

"Oh, no!" God cried in the worst acting job I'd ever seen, "Not the Fetters of Zedekiah! I'm powerless with them on!" 

"Ok, cut!" Lucy yelled, then sighed and rubbed her brow. The demons collectively groaned, and let go of me and God. 

"God," Lucy said, "saying 'oh, no, not this,' is like, anime-level dialogue."

"Well then how is Rachel supposed to know I can't help her?" God said, "We need exposition!"

"You were supposed to give her exposition in your conversation, God!" Lucy growled, "It needed to be subtle, not a full-blown plot revelation when it was convenient! That's just lazy screenwriting!" 

"Hey," I whispered to the demon next to me as Lucy and God bickered about the semantics of screenwriting, "what's going on?"

"God was supposed to tell you about an ancient artifact called 'The Fetters of Zedekiah' that would render her powerless in hell, and then sometime later, Lucy and the rest of us would kidnap you, and gangrape you. God went off-script, and screwed it all up." The demon whispered back. 

"Gangrape me?!" I hissed, "How is that a test of temptation?"

"You've never had a rape fantasy?" The demon asked, "They're surprisingly common." 

"I mean..." I said, "I guess I had a fantasy of the priest just... grabbing me in the confession box and having his way with me, but a gangrape? That seems a little harsh."

"Oh, I think you'll enjoy it." The demon assured with a pat on my back, "We're professionals, and adhere to a strict code of conduct. I'm Alex, by the way, and I'll be one of your rapists for today."

"Rachel," I whispered back, shaking his hand, "I guess I'm your rape victim." 

"...look, it's called a Chekov's Gun; it's a famous plot device!" Lucy screamed at God, "If a gun is shown in act one, it better be used in act two. Now, you can't just show the gun in act two, then immediately shoot it! You have to build the tension!" 

"Ok," God grumbled, "fine. I'll wipe Rachel's memory again, and then we'll start from the top." 

"How many takes have we done?" I asked Alex. 

"This our fifteenth take," Alex sighed, "The first few times, God just burst out laughing. We've had this exact conversation three times now." 

"You're very patient." I smiled up at him. 

"Thank you," Alex smiled, "How's my acting?"

"Convincing," I said, "I was truly terrified."

"Great," Alex beamed, "after this, can you put in a word about me to God? There's a movie coming up, and James Dean dropped out of the starring role. I think this is my chance, but theatrical politics are keeping a nobody like me from having a shot. If you could just-"

God and I were getting our nails done in a beauty salon. God was rambling on about some ancient artifact called the Fetters of Zedekiah that would render her powerless in hell. Apparently, it had gone missing or something. I wasn't sure why she brought it up, but I soon pushed the thought from my mind. God and I talked about innocuous things for a few more hours, and then the spa burst into flame. A large muscular demon grabbed me by the shoulders, and forced me to my knees as Lucy appeared from the smoke in a leather one-piece. 

"Now I've got you, you bitch!" Lucy sneered as she clasped God's hands with a pair of chainless cuffs. 

"Lucy what are you doing?!" God exclaimed in shocked fear.

"You know what I'm doing!" Lucy laughed, "I'm taking what's mine!"

"Lucy," God sobbed, "I've been good to you, I've-"

"You've taken your eye off the ball, God," Lucy sneered, "and now you're paying for it."

"Lucy..." God whimpered, "please!"

"Keep begging," Lucy smirked, "it's music to my ears."

"At least spare Rachel!" God sobbed. 

"Spare Rachel?!" Lucy laughed cruelly as she sauntered over to me, "Do you hear that, Rachel? God thinks I should spare you!"

"Why are you doing this?!" I cried in terror.

"I think you've gotten too comfortable with me." Lucy smiled in my face as she traced a finger across my lips, "I think you've forgotten who I am."

"Lucy," I cried, "we're friends, we-"

"We were never friends, Rachel." Lucy sneered, "You were a means to an end. I needed you to keep God distracted while I plotted my little take over, and now your usefulness has run out. The only thing you can do for me, Rachel, is abandon your God and join me."

"I will not!" I yelled defiantly, "I will stay with God, no matter what!"

"Then you will suffer her fate!" Lucy laughed, "And spend eternity moaning like a whore in my dungeon!" 

"No..." I said frightfully. 

"Yessss," Lucy hissed as she caressed my face, "but don't worry, Rachel; after today, I'll give you a second chance to reconsider." 

Black smoke obstructed my vision, and the next thing I knew, I was naked and surrounded by stone walls. The room was lit by red torches that lined the walls, and in the middle, was a throne made of brimstone. I looked to my right to see God naked and in chains. Her wrists were still clasped with the Fetters of Zedekiah, but now they were linked with a chain. Her ankles were chained to the floor, and an iron ring was clasped around her neck. I was in a similar predicament; my ankles and wrists bound to the floor in loose chains, and by neck clasped with an iron ring. 

"Rachel," God said somberly, "you should give in to Lucy and make it easier for yourself."

"I will not abandon you!" I cried, "We will get through this!" 

"There's no hope for me." God smiled sadly, "Lucy will show no mercy; I'll be raped until my mind is broken, and I become her slave. You, Rachel, have a chance to join her before she does the same to you. Either way, you'll join her. The only question is: will you do it willingly, and be spared the brutality, or will you be broken, and become a mindless harlot?" 

"I will stay with you," I whispered hoarsely, "your fate will be my fate."

"That's quite the noble gesture, Rachel," Lucy laughed as she strutted into the room, "but it will all be for naught."

"You evil bitch!" I screamed, "We trusted you!"

"Language, Rachel," Lucy smirked as she walked over to God, "you wouldn't want to demean yourself in front of your savior. Of course, the things she'll be saying pretty soon will pale in comparison to your profanity." 

"Do with me as you will, Demon." God said to Lucy, "I am tired of your gloating."

"So impatient," Lucy chuckled as she grabbed one of God's nipples and twisted. "I think you just want my demons to take you as soon as possible."

"No, Devil," God replied stoically, "I will demonstrate to Rachel that your temptations have no power over me." 

"Temptation?!" Lucy laughed cruelly, twisting her nipple even harder, forcing a small moan from God's mouth, "This isn't a test of temptation, God; this is torture." 

Five demons entered the room, their bodies bulging with muscles, their faces leering evilly, their horns curving outward from their brows like a bull's. They were all naked, and between their muscular thighs, dangled the largest cocks I'd ever seen. There was no way... no way those could fit inside a woman. 

"God, I believe you know these men," Lucy smiled, "There's Dorian, Brutus, Jack, Homer and Ryan. I believe they were banished to hell for... rape? Was that it? No, rape and torture. They'd like to repay you for your judgement."

"Lucy!" I sobbed, "Please don't!"

"Oh, don't worry, Rachel," Lucy grinned as she walked to me, "we have more for you."

The demons laughed cruelly as they circled the chained and naked god. She knelt before them, head bowed, her fear betraying her defiant façade as she cowered under their gaze.

"Hello God." Dorian said with a cruel smile, "Do you remember me?"

"Dorian Bronson, torturer in the Tower of London." God gulped, "I remember you."

"Then you must remember this," Dorian hissed as he brandished a whip, "and all the things I used to do with it. I've been waiting... so very long, for this opportunity. You're such a kind and benevolent God to give me this chance."

"Rachel don't look!" God screamed at me as the demons grabbed her. 

"You will watch!" Lucy growled, and forced my gaze to the right. 

God was forced upright by two demons holding her arms. Two more held her legs spread as Dorian slid the whip threateningly between God's breasts, down her belly, and between her trembling thighs. God whimpered, and Dorian smiled. He drew his hand back, and brought the whip down across God's breasts. There was a loud crack, and God screamed, her back wrenching in pain. Her whole body quivered as a thin welt formed over her large supple breasts, vivid pink against her tan beauty. The demon brought the whip back again, and sent it across God's thighs in a sickening snap. God's head flung forward, and she screamed at the floor, her body bowed in agony. Tears rolled down my cheeks as I watched them whip her again and again, each blow forcing a pained tone from my beloved god's mouth. The demon moved behind her and slashed thin weals across her back, then moved down, and lined her thick ass with more. By the time he was done, God was laced with crisscrossed welts from her neck to her ankles, front and back. She panted with heavy pained gasps, but her pussy leaked its arousal down her leg, shamefully alerting her tortures that part of her was enjoying it. 

"I think she's had enough." Lucy laughed, "Now hurt her from the inside."

"Lucy, please!" I cried, "Make them stop; I'll do anything!"

"Oh, I know you will." Lucy smiled, caressing my cheek, "You'll do everything." 

Five more demons appeared from the door and made their way to me. It was one thing to watch it happen to God, but an entirely different thing to realize it would be happening to me. Panic shot into my chest and rose up my throat, forming the words 'I give up' behind clenched teeth, but I didn't let it pass my lips. As God would suffer, so would I. Being the messiah meant torture and pain; I knew what I'd signed up for. Martyrdom was the price of holiness, and my payment was due. 

"This is Alex, Ron, Jake, Rick and John," Lucy said as she pointed to my future rapists, "and they'll be your entertainment for tonight... maybe forever."

"You'll never break me!" I whispered unconvincingly.

"We'll see how long you last, Rachel," Lucy smirked as the demons surrounded me, "I'd like to taste you while you're still pure; before you become my wretched sullied fuck-hole."

Lucy wrapped her hand around my throat, and picked me up by my neck. She stared possessively into my terrified eyes, and snaked a long forked tongue from her mouth. I screamed in terror, but my voice was wetly cut short. Her luscious black lips pressed against my own, and her reptilian taster invaded me. She curled it around my tongue, sensually stroking along it as her lips sucked with tender avarice, pillowing against mine. I tried to stay defiant, tried to fight her, but I couldn't. I'd been kissed by the devil, and there was no one in the universe better. I locked my lips with hers, my stomach floating with butterflies, my thighs grinding with want. Lucy turned her head to the side, smearing her black lipstick across my consuming mouth. She released her grip on my tongue, and snaked her own down my throat. It was a dominating feeling, an invasive feeling, but it was also a pleasant feeling. I relaxed my throat as she parted my tender gullet, and gracefully explored; caressing me with the forked tips, sedating me with the intoxicating flavor of her saliva. She withdrew from the kiss, and stared at me with half-closed eyes, and all I could do was pine for her lips like a fish out of water, smacking my mouth, waiting for more. She gave me a knowing smile, and traced the outline of my wanting lips with a gentle finger. For a moment, I thought I almost saw tenderness in her eyes. 
