 A Devil at the College Party

LUCIFER

God and I sat in the observation booth as Rachel changed into a hospital gown. We were both wearing white doctor's coats, a stethoscope, and scrubs. The theatrics weren't necessary, but the monotony of immortality could wear on a woman, so spicing things up with a little roleplay was always fun. 

"I need you to lie on your back," I said to Rachel through the microphone, "and hold your breath when the light goes on."

In the middle of the room Rachel was in, was a CT-scanner I'd retrofitted for my own purposes. We weren't scanning Rachel for tumors; we were scanning her for corruption. My trials were wearing on her righteousness, and the last one really did a number on her. She passed the test by denying my offer, but the choice I had given her was designed to be a lose-lose proposition. Instead of joining me, she chose to be the alpha bitch of a pack of demons. She reveled in her depravity, and temporarily forsook her purity. Even after it was revealed that her conundrum was all fake, she had retained pieces of her newfound lascivious nature. Now, it was time to see just how pure Rachel really was. 

Rachel lied back on the bed, and God pressed the button. The machine came to life, and slowly guided Rachel's body through it. An image of Rachel's soul appeared on the monitor God and I were observing. So far, it was all clear. I passed Rachel through the machine a few more times until I found what I was looking for. A bright red spot was barely visible next to her heart, but it was there. Corruption. 

"Hmmmmm," I smiled at God as I turned off the CT-scanner, "I wonder what that could be?" 

"It's small," God said, adjusting her glasses, though she had perfect vision, "I think it's benign."

"Let's do a biopsy and find out, shall we?" I ginned as I produced a scalpel. 

"Or we could just consult the chart." God said, rolling her eyes. 

"You're no fun."

"Let's see here..." God murmured as she looked through the chart, "red spot next to the heart... ah, here it is: an inherent desire for power."

"Power, huh?" I smiled wickedly, "I bet you didn't see that coming."

"I still think it's benign;" God replied, "just a temporary ailment due to the stress her soul's been under."

"Perhaps," I said, "but we'll find out in today's test how power-hungry Rachel really is."

GOD

"Why are we going back to earth?" Rachel asked Lucy as we walked down the brimstone path. 

"I changed your next test due to your scan results." Lucy said, "This one requires us to be up top."

"My test results?" Rachel asked, "What do you mean by that?"

"Your soul may be corrupted," Lucy grinned, "and we're going to find out the extent of it."

"What?!" Rachel screamed, utterly horrified. 

"It's probably benign," I replied, putting a comforting hand on her shoulders, "but Lucy is convinced you're a sexual sadist, so she's going to put that theory to the test."

"I'm not a sadist!" Rachel exclaimed, "I've never hurt anyone!"

"Well, you're not a masochist," Lucy said, "like God-"

"Like God pretends to be." Rachel cut-in. I smirked at Lucy over Rachel's shoulder. Even after all this time, Rachel was still convinced my slutty personality was an act. 

"...sure," Lucy said, rolling her eyes, "but I digress; you might not be a sadist, but you certainly desire power. You liked having men control you in the gangbang, but what really got you off was the idea that you could eventually turn the tables, and control them. When you had sex with God, you were domineering, even cruel to her-"

"That was just the hermaphrodite D.N.A inside me," Rachel insisted, giving me a nervous glance, "it wasn't actually me."

"That's not how that works, Rachel," Lucy replied, "just because you grew a cock, doesn't make you a different person. Those were your actions."

"No..." Rachel muttered, "that can't be..."

"It's fine Rachel," I smiled down at her as I hugged her from behind, "being sexually controlling isn't a sin."

"It depends on the extent of control." Lucy smirked, "Let's go."

RACHEL

I was back in the confession box I had started my unholy journey in. I turned to the side to see Father Hernandez looking at me inquisitively. 

"Rachel?" He asked, "Did you hear me?"

"Yes Father," I replied, not knowing at all what he was asking about, "I'll make sure to say ten 'our fathers,' and atone."

"That's not what I-"

I left the confession box in a hurry, leaving the confused priest by himself. I guessed time didn't exist in hell, because not a single second had passed since I'd departed to the inferno five days ago. 

We're outside. God's angelic voice rang in my head. 

I opened the double-wooden door to see God and another girl sitting and smoking on the steps of the school chapel. God looked like herself, except now she was dressed in a tight-fitting A.S.U t-shirt, and spandex leggings that formed perfectly around her thick backside. I didn't even recognize Lucy at first glance. She was pale-skinned with straight black hair, bright green eyes, and a body just as vulgarly curvaceous as God's. She wore dark eyeshadow, stud earrings in the shape of dicks, and bright red lipstick. She had on a black tank that was cut with scissors just below her nipples, revealing the bottom half of her full pale tits. A plaid skirt barely concealed her ripe ass, and revealed garters hooked to a pair of fishnet stockings that clung around her pale thick legs, and descended into a pair of red high-heels. 

"Hey Rachel," Lucy smirked at me as she French-inhaled her smoke, "do you like my outfit?"

"It certainly stands out." I said, unable to conceal the fact that I was eye-fucking her. 

"My new name's Jessy, by the way," God said as she handed me a cigarette, "and I'm a microbiology student."

"I'm still Lucy," Lucy smiled, "and I study human anatomy. My major is English though." 

"Hey!" A voice yelled from behind us, "No smoking on campus... Rachel?!"

I turned around to see Father Hernandez looking dumbfounded at me. I was sitting next to the sluttiest-dressed girl in school, and smoking on the chapel steps. This was not a good look. 

"Sorry Father," I said, feeling my face flush, "I'll say twenty 'our fathers' and ten 'hail Marys.'"

"Rachel," Father Hernandez said as he descended the steps, "when I said you should go out and live a little, I didn't mean bum cigarettes from strangers!"

"They're not strangers," I said, "these are my friends: Jessy and Lucy."

"These are your friends?" Father Hernandez exclaimed, looking Lucy over as she gave him a devilish grin, "Rachel, I'm glad you're being more social, but I don't want you to be taken advantage of by unsavory characters."

"I wonder how I'm supposed to take that, Father." Lucy laughed. 

"I mean no offense, Child," Father Hernandez said to the devil, "but it is clear that you have strayed from the light of God."

"I like to think God's all around us," Lucy smirked, "sometimes, I swear I feel her inside me."

God stifled a giggle.

"God is a man, Child," Father Hernandez said, a bit patronizingly, "It's 'our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.' Though I suspect you may never have heard that one before."

Lucy and God gave each other knowing glances, and I struggled to keep a straight face. 

"I will take your message into consideration, Father," I said as I guided Lucy and God to walk with me, "thank you."

The three of us made our way down the campus mall, Lucy and God attracting the hungry eyes of every man, and the hate-filled eyes of every woman. I was still in the baggy sweatshirt and jeans I had on five "days" ago, and every leering eye avoided me in favor of the women at my sides. I felt strangely jealous that was I was being ignored, and I struggled to push the sinful thoughts from my mind. 

We should get you new clothes. God said in my mind, I don't want you to feel overshadowed, not with the body you have.

You and Lucy are literally goddesses. I replied. I can't compare.

"Oh, come now, Rachel," Lucy smiled at me, "you're one of the hottest pieces of ass I've ever seen. Let's get you out of these bags, and into something that frames you better."

"No," I said, "that plays right into your hand. You think I seek power, and dressing well is a form of self-empowerment."

"I think you're overanalyzing, Honey." God said, putting an arm around me, "Self-empowerment isn't a sin, but seeking power to the detriment of others is. Right now, you're the odd-girl-out in our little trio. I want you to shine." 

My baggy clothes tightened and shrank. I looked down to see my jeans had changed into a dangerously short white skirt, my sweatshirt was now a tight tank top with an ample amount of cleavage, and my ankle socks had become thigh-high. 

"There," God giggled, "you're still a good girl, but this gives off the right amount of promiscuity."

"God," I laughed, "if I step too far, my butt is coming out of this skirt."

"Just the right amount." God winked, "At least you still have panties."

"They're a thong now." I responded as I felt the fabric sliding between my cheeks.

"Much better, isn't it?" Lucy whispered in my ear, and gave me a firm squeeze on the ass. Once, I would have recoiled from her touch, but now, I tilted my head and smiled back at her. Maybe I had changed a little.

The three of sat down at a table on the mall. I had to pull down my skirt to make sure my ass wasn't exposed, but Lucy had no such compunction. God, being the classy lady she was, leaned forward just enough to allow her crack to peak out from above her waistband. 

"So, what is my test?" I asked as Lucy handed me a cigarette.

"Well," Lucy said as she lit the square between her lips, "any second now, we'll be invited to a party. In fact, the way we look, we'll probably be invited to several. However, we will only be accepting the invitation to one particular party. I believe you know Anna Patterson?"

"Yeah," I frowned as I exhaled a cloud of smoke, "I know Anna." 

"No love lost between you, is there?" Lucy laughed. 

"Not really."

Anna was a girl I'd known since grade school. Anna was pretty, outgoing and popular, and she tormented me throughout my teen years. She was the ring-leader of a terrible trio that included her minions, Becky and Sara. They mocked me, abused me, and embarrassed me whenever it suited them. It probably didn't help that I was socially awkward to a fault, and my only retorts to their ridicule was praying. I cringed internally as I remembered my sanctimonious younger-self trying to battle taunts with religious pacifism. I should have punched those cunts right in their... cunts. God, I needed to work on my comebacks. 

"Well," Lucy continued, "Anna and her two cohorts rent a house with daddy's money, and they'll be throwing a party tonight."

"Why the hell would they invite me?" I asked, "Take a look at my past and see what they did to me; they hate me."

"They don't hate you," Lucy laughed, "they actually hardly thought of you at all."

That stung. 

"They were bullies, Rachel." Lucy said, "You were a weak easy target, and it made them feel powerful to exploit you."

"And you want me to get revenge, right?" I said, "That's the test, isn't it? To see if I'll stoop to their level and abuse them to feel powerful?"

"No," Lucy smiled, "the test is to see if after you fulfill your sadistic desires, you still want to join God."

"I'm not a sadist!" I insisted, "And Anna would never invite me to her party; I'm a loser." 

"You're a loser?" God laughed, "Rachel, the things you've done in the past four days are way more hardcore than anything those whores have ever done. They're babies compared to you; they're not even in the same league."

"The real reason those bitches were so mean to you," Lucy grinned as she leaned forward, "was because they saw you as a threat. You were the hottest piece of ass in high school, and they knew it. They beat on your self-confidence until you had none. They wanted you low, because they knew deep-down that you were the alpha bitch."

"And now that you're coming out of your shell," God said, "those whores don't stand a chance. They'll beg us to go to their party, because where ever we go, the party will follow."

"Don't look, Rachel," Lucy said slyly, "but here comes Tom, the football player. I don't think he recognizes you, but he's staring right at your ass."

"Ooooo, a football player," God giggled, "was he the one you confessed about to Father Hernandez?"

"Yeah," I smiled as I arched my back slightly, pushing my ass back to give Tom a better view, "he's the one." 

"That's it, Rachel." Lucy smirked, "Cast the bait, and reel in your catch. Having the star quarterback wrapped around your finger will be useful later."

"I have no idea what I'll say to him," I smiled nervously, "I'm so awkward." 

"You don't have to say anything;" God laughed, "you just have to look like you do."

"I'll help you out." Lucy said, "Just do what I say, and you'll be fine. Here he comes."

"Nice day out, isn't it?" A deep voice said behind me. 

Really? Lucy laughed in my mind. His leading line is the weather?

"It is," Lucy smiled over my shoulder at Tom, "why don't you come sit down and enjoy it with us?"

Lucy scooted over and patted the seat next to her and across from me. Tom sat down, smiling confidently at Lucy and God before his gaze fell on me. 

"Hey," he said as his eyes filled with recognition, "you're Rachel, right?"

"I am..." I said with a smile, completely lost for how to carry a conversation with this man. 

"You shot me down just a few hours ago," Tom said, "pretty adamantly, actually."

"Sorry," I said blushing, "I was just..."

Let's put some confidence in those words, Rachel, Lucy said in my mind, You're not an innocent catholic schoolgirl anymore.

"...really hungover." I lied, before gesturing to my two female companions, "Tom this is Jessy, and this is Lucy; maybe you'll have better luck with them."

Much better, Lucy smiled, but show him that you're still interested. He's a seasoned player, Rachel; he'll pick up on the subtle hints.

I shifted my weight forward slightly, pushing out my chest just a bit. Tom's eyes stayed on my own, but I saw his smile grow just a little wider. 

"Jessy, Lucy," Tom said, shaking their hands and keeping his eyes locked with theirs, "I'm surprised we haven't met before."

"And why's that, Tom?" God smiled as she tactfully played with a strand of blonde hair. 

"Because you two look like girls I'd see in Maxim," Tom laughed, "and I think I'd remember you."

"That's flattering, Tom." Lucy smirked, "You look like someone I'd see in a K-Mart men's underwear catalog."

"K-Mart?!" Tom laughed, "Oh, c'mon Lucy; I'm at least fit for Target!"

Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed several members of the football team standing and talking just a few feet back. They were all stealing glances at us when they thought we weren't looking. I smiled from the edge of my mouth, and shifted my hips back, letting the bottom of my ass creep from my little skirt. 

"Tom?" I asked as Lucy gently berated him, "Are your friends too shy to come over?"

"They are;" Tom chuckled, "I was the sacrificial lamb of our group. It's a rare thing for a group of hot-blooded jocks to be intimidated, but you three... we've never seen women like you at A.S.U. I couldn't believe it was you when I saw your face; you look so different."

"Well," I smirked as I took a pull from my cigarette, "tell your friends to come over; you're boring us."

ANNA

"Who are those whores?" Becky asked as we watched the football players talking-up three girls we hadn't seen before. 

"I don't know," I frowned, jealous and intimidated by the hottest women on campus, "but Tom and his pack of morons abandoned us in a hurry when they saw them." 

"Wait..." Sara said, "Is that... is that Rachel Johnson?!"

"No fucking way," I said as I squinted my eyes, "it can't be. That Jesus-freak would never touch a cigarette, much less dress like that."

"Does she even go to A.S.U?" Becky said, "I thought she went to U.A with her brother."

The woman in question turned her face, and smiled up at the star wide receiver as he put a hand on her shoulder. Holy, fucking, shit; it was Rachel Johnson, and she was fucking beautiful. 

"That is Rachel Johnson!" Sara said, "Oh my god, she's so... different looking."

"I guess college life got to her." I said, surveying the woman we used to torment. 

"Should we... talk to her?" Becky asked. 

"Why the fuck would we do that?" Sara laughed, "She's such a fucking loser."

"We're not in high school," I said, "there isn't a hierarchy anymore. Right now, Rachel and her new friends are taking all the prime cuts of meat, and the only way we're getting those beautiful morons to come to our party tonight, is if Rachel and the other two come."

"Ew." Sara said. 

"Would she even come?" Becky asked, "We were such bitches to her in high school."

"What is it the Jesus-freaks say?" I smiled, "Turn the other cheek? She's predisposed to forgive us. Let's go over there and talk with our old friend Rachel."

LUCIFER

It was amazing how fast Rachel grew comfortable and confident around the boys. She laughed, joked, and openly flirted with half of them. God was already selecting her meal for the evening, while I mostly redirected the men's attention back to Rachel. I'd have my fun with the mortals later, but I wanted Anna, Becky and Sara to see Rachel commanding the attention of as many men as possible when they came over here. And here they came. 

Anna, Sara and Becky could've been mistaken for triplets from a distance. They all had that rich-blonde-bitch look; the straight platinum hair, cold blue eyes, and pouty lips. None of them had the curves Rachel had (which I'm sure they were painfully aware of at this point), but their tits were all nice and perky, and their asses were cute and well-shaped. I met Anna's eyes and gave her an evil smile as I took a pull from my cig. She quickly averted her gaze. She was intimidated by me. Good; she should be. It had been a long time since I'd tasted rich suburban cunt, and I was absolutely... ravenous. 

Here comes Anna. I said to Rachel's mind. Don't look; let her try to force herself in.

"Hey... Rachel." Anna said awkwardly when she got to the table. 

Be nonchalant. I instructed. Think of her as an old acquaintance, nothing more.

"Hey Anna." Rachel said with a cool smile, "I didn't know you went here."

"Yeah," Anna said, shifting nervously, "me, Sara, and Becky... the whole gang. Go Sun Devils!" Anna ended with a forced laugh, eyes darting away from Rachel's. 

You intimidate her. I smiled into Rachel's mind. Play nice with her for now. The fun begins when we get to the party.

"Anna, this is Becky and Lucy," Rachel said, introducing us, "and this is Tom-"

"Oh, I already know Tom." Anna said. 

Ha! Did you catch that, Rachel? I laughed. Anna's got a little crush on Tom.

Does she? Rachel smirked.

"Tom," Rachel said, placing her hand atop his, "what are you and your friends doing tonight?" 

Tell me how mad Anna looks right now. 

So fucking mad. I smiled. 

Perfect.

"We were going to go to a party at Anna's," Tom said, "but nothing's set in stone. What are you guys doing?"

I had to hold back a giggle as I watched Anna fume and try to keep it together. 
