 The Final Test

PART ONE: WRESTLING WITH LOVE

GOD

Anna and I sat in the lavish theatre room of my hotel in hell. Freshly buttered popcorn slickened our fingers and lips, crunching loudly between our teeth. The large projection screen displayed the dinner date between Lucy and Rachel in crystal clarity. It was shown to us as an actual movie, with differing camera angles and clear sound production. The two lead actresses sat across from each other at the table, their postures leaning forward as their eyes locked. 

Rachel had permanently succumbed to her corruption, and had taken the hermaphrodite form she so coveted. And why wouldn't she? She was the most stunning thing I'd ever seen. White hair contrasted tan skin, which in turn contrasted the brilliance of her blue irises. Her high cheekbones, oval eyes, pointed nose, and almost impossibly full lips structured her perfect complexion. Her elegant thin neck, narrow shoulders and perfectly-proportioned bust and backside curved her outline in precise beauty. The white dress she wore clung to her audacious curves, highlighting the cleavage of her large breasts, and the cute crease between her perfect thick glutes. Across from her, Lucy looked every bit the queen of hell. Her face was also adorned with high cheek bones, but her jaw was strong, and her chin pronounced. Her brow angled slightly inward, giving her the look of perpetual mischievousness, which her golden irises only highlighted. Her lips were as full as Rachel's, though Rachel's lips creased in a straight line, giving her the expression of stoic beauty, while Lucy's seamed to curl at the corners in an expression that complimented the impish angle of her brow. A black sheen of lipstick covered those lips, contrasting the deep crimson of her flesh. Two red horns curved from beneath her waving mane of black hair, and two golden hooped earrings hung from her pointed red ears. Lucy's body was every bit as voluptuous as Rachel's, though Rachel's curves would be best described as "elegant," while Lucy's would be best described as "vulgar." Her bust and backside weren't exaggerated in proportion, but did veer from grace in such a way that her body was constantly teasing the viewer. And while Rachel wore a tasteful dress, Lucy wore a black dress that showed the tops of her areolas, and if she didn't watch it, the bottom half of her ass. 

The white vs black, grace vs lust, contrast of the two women's attire was interesting, as both women were complete sexual deviants. While Lucy wanted the whole world to know, Rachel was happy with putting on a charade of propriety. In truth, she was a power-hungry sadist with a growing penchant for psychological games, and Lucy was very much the same. The two women hashed out their feelings for each other, and the conundrum of Rachel's position while Anna and I watched with rapt anticipation, our eyes glued to the screen. 

"God," Anna whispered in my ear, "this is boring."

"Shut the fuck up." I whispered back.

"When are they gonna fuck?" Anna asked, ignoring my command (ignoring God's command). 

"Just watch," I hissed, "the dialogue is as important as the action; this isn't a porno." 

"Can't we fast forward?" Anna groaned.

"This is live!"

"You're God, God; you can do anything." Anna shot back. 

"You would be shocked at the things I can't do." 

"Like make this more interesting." Anna pouted. 

"If I finger you," I hissed, "will you shut the fuck up?" 

"Maybe," Anna smiled, and then walked her fingers, forefinger to middle finger up my thigh, "do you want me to reciprocate?" 

"Yeah," I sighed defeatedly, spreading my legs and pulling up my skirt, "yeah, I do." 

"You really are a helpless slut, God." Anna whisper-giggled in my ear, her teeth pulling playfully at my lobe. 

"I know," I smirked, and crammed my hand between her legs, prompting a delighted yelp, "but so are you." 

Anna's expression of shocked delight morphed to one of mischievousness. She slinked her slim body across the armrest, pushed her thong to the side, and planted her ass in my lap. My hands caressed her inner thighs as they made their way to her depths, and she leaned forward and dipped her fingers between both our legs. We entered each other simultaneously, fingers pushing between petals, thumbs pressing against clits, pinkies invading anuses. Our legs spread wider on top of each other, and whimpers and gasps began to escape our lips. Our fingers grew wet with one another's juices as we placated our lust. On the silver screen, Rachel and Lucy's eyes locked, and their lips met. Anna managed a single word from her gasping mouth.

"Finally." 

LUCIFER

I didn't want my lips to leave Rachel's. Her kiss radiated with warmth and promise, not a hint of carnality. It was a kiss of companionship, and for an eternal moment, I was lost in it. Then her tongue flicked across my lips, and her own formed in a malevolent smile. The romance of the moment faded, and the lust began to take hold. An entire day of pent-up sexual tension built past its critical point, and burst. The kiss devolved into a rapacious devouring of mouths, my reptilian tongue entwining her human taster, our lips locking upon each other's faces. Our hands left their positions at the backs of our heads, and began to move south. Needful moans and giggles slipped from our passionate embrace as our eyes opened and stared. Rachel's gaze was full of challenge, and so was mine. She knew the test meant nothing, but she was still determined to pass it. I wouldn't have it any other way. 

"You ready?" She panted as we broke, spit bridging out mouths. 

"Are you?" I smirked back, staring levelly into her eyes. 

"The final test," Rachel whispered, "Lucy, I'm going to fucking-"

I didn't let her finish that thought. I wasn't going to play fair, and neither was Rachel. This was going to get dirty. 

We disappeared from the restaurant in a puff of black smoke, and reappeared in my bedroom. A passionate red color radiated from the gothic chandelier that hung from the vaulted ceiling, illuminating paintings of my most prominent escapades which decorated the walls of my cavernous abode. The bed was enormous and circular, ringed with posts that had shackles dangling from them. Rachel was still holding me, though both of us were now on our knees atop the bedding. She took a moment to examine the room I spent most of my nights in, then returned her eyes to me. 

"So," I smiled, breathing her breath, "now that we're-"

Rachel pressed her palm against my face and pushed me backward onto the bed. The monologue I had practiced in front of the mirror earlier today was cut off in my mouth as my head drove into the mattress. My ankles locked beneath my knees, forcing my legs to spread wide and hike my tiny dress past my hips. Rachel's blue eyes smirked with mirthful malevolence into my own, her mouth curving at the corner. Her tongue slowly wetted her lips, and the thin smile she bore grew to a display of brilliant white teeth. With a final assessment of my vulnerability, she pouted her luscious lips and blew me a teasing kiss, before moving down. Her lips met my neck, then trailed greedily down to my breasts. Her fingers stripped the bodice of my dress with a violent swipe, and my bust was sent jiggling free. She sucked upon each nipple, moans leaking from her mouth as mine began to form in my throat. Her hands caressed the lines of my abdomen, tracing tingles of fire along my flesh. Her mouth left my nipple with a final smack of lips, then followed her teasing fingers lower and lower, gradually nearing the part of me now leaking with anticipation. Her fingertips caressed the lines of my pelvis, and traced their way through my frothing lips. I shuddered at the gentleness of her touch, and Rachel smirked at the tremor. 

"I bet you had a whole monologue just for me," Rachel giggled with her chin resting on my pelvis, "did I throw a wrench in it?" 

"Just a setback," I gasped as her fingers pushed inside me, "I'm (AAAH!) very adaptable."

"We'll see." 

Rachel's mouth smiled defiantly as her lips lowered. Her fingers curled inside my pussy, pressing against the sensitive spot on my ceiling. My head tilted back, and a soft cry escaped my mouth. I felt Rachel's breath hot and heavy against my womanhood. Her lips pressed against my moist slit, and her tongue joined her invading fingers. My own tongue snaked from my mouth and licked my lips delectably as I savored the feeling of her tasting my insides. Her other hand massaged the space between my holes, her fingertips gliding back and forth against my taint, lowering to just above my asshole, then rising to just below my pussy. Her relentless teasing sent my mind into a feedback loop of unfulfilled need. Moans coursed from my mouth, and finally, I yelled: "Just put it in my ass!" And she did. One finger, and then the next, and then the next, and then the next. Curling at the knuckle, gripping me from the inside, moving in and out as she stretched the tight sphincter she was violating. Searing pleasure tingled up my taint, and the crown of my head dug desperately into the bedding. A strained cry left my lips and my thick fishnet-wrapped thighs locked tightly around her head. Rachel reacted to her lustful imprisonment with a lecherous kiss, her lips wrapping around my clit, drawing it into her mouth, sucking it gently. I covered my face with my palms and screamed in delight, and a familiar voice came sneering into my mind. 

Oh, Lucy. God chuckled. Are you too in love with Rachel to fight back? Are you just going to lie there and let her take you like a bitch? After all the hype, I was hoping for a more even match. How disappointing.  

God's teasing snapped me back to reality. My locked legs tightened around Rachel's head, my abdomen coiled to the side, and I spun us over. Rachel was forced on her back with me straddling atop her face, but her fingers and mouth still worked diligently inside me, not missing a beat. I unclenched my thighs with great effort, part of me wanting desperately to keep her trapped there, then I pivoted my pelvis on her face, and I twirled around. I yelped in delight as her fingers twisted inside me, then regaining control of myself, I levelled my gaze at the prize between her legs. 

Rachel's cock was standing tall and pitching a tent in her white dress. I licked my lips with lustful hunger and slid my body downward, my back arching in a smooth curve as I neared my target. My elegant fingers traced the lines of her thighs before curling about the hem of her skirt and pulling back to reveal what was beneath. Her perfect cock stood rigid and throbbing above a set of hairless balls, and a blushing tight slit. She pushed her fingers deeper and sucked harder on my clit, trying to keep me from taking her where she was vulnerable. Though I moaned like a whore, and grinded my ass passionately against her face, I was not deterred. My black lips pursed together and planted a kiss on her throbbing tip. She hummed a pleading moan beneath me. I lowered my head, and my mouth began to open around her. Slowly, deliberately, I descended her; my lips sucking her girth, my tongue wrapping three times about her length as stroking her as I took her deeper and deeper inside me, past my mouth, past the resistance of my throat, and into my esophagus. I reveled in my consumption, her delicious taste permeating into my mouth, her heat radiating into my neck, her girth stretching me with throbbing pulsing rigidity. My lips met her base, and then rotated slowly, a groan of lechery seeping from my lathering embrace. Rachel squirmed beneath me, her mouth loosening its lustful hold on my pussy to yield a muffled cry. I smiled internally at her responsiveness, and slid my fingers between her legs. One hand gently cupped and massaged her balls, while the other moved lower, and split in a four-fingered-V. Two fingers slid into her tight slit, while the other two slowly expanded her constricting rim. Deeper and deeper I went, relishing the feeling of her soft inner flesh tightening around me, not stopping until the vertex of my hand was filled with her squished and pulsing taint. She whimpered an unintelligible plea, her thighs quivering in their splay. My lips rotated mercilessly about her cock, my nose pressing into the soft flesh of her sack, my chin digging gently into the flat muscle of her pelvis. Then I moved up, keeping my lips sealed, wetting her beautiful cock with a sheen of my spit, the suction pulling my cheeks gaunt, sounding a vulgar slurp all the way up until I reached her head. Oh god, she was delicious! Over and over, I consumed her, my lips squelching wetly, my throat gurgling as she plunged into it. Her cries grew more desperate, sounding of defeat and surrender. Her fingers laid static in my holes, and her mouth had ceased its lecherous feeding. She became helpless and limp in the face of my prowess, and I smugly notched a line in the "Lucy Column." Maybe this wouldn't be too hard after all. 

I should've known better. 

RACHEL

Lucy sucked me in a way that left me helpless to do anything but enjoy it. She ran her juicy lips slowly and gradually, never speeding up, always forcing me to savor every little inch she consumed. Her tongue stroked me up and down inside her mouth, wrapping thrice about my shaft and hugging it in a wet embrace. Her throat closed around me, her soft wet flesh swallowing as she sucked, drawing me deeper, willing the cum that was boiling in my balls to release. My lips left her beautiful pussy in braids of parting saliva. My head fell uselessly back against the bedding and my fingers stopped their exploring invasion. 

That's it... Lucy sang softly, comfortingly, in my mind, as though I was a child she was putting to bed. Just lie back and relax, Rachel. There's no need to fight me. I can do this to you forever. I can be on my knees for you where I belong, pleasing you like this, worshipping this thing like it deserves to be worshipped. 

Her words leaked their warmth into my brain, soothing the defiant thoughts that kept me focused. Her mouth moved so slowly, so deeply. Her lips puffed and gave way to my girth as she descended, soft gurgling noises slipping from between them the deeper she went. Her tongue clung tightly about me and massaged every tense inch of my throbbing cock. Her fingers pushed tenderly into my ass and pussy, breaking my defenses with their gentle invasion. My thighs opened wider, and my back arched from the bed. My head fell back, and Lucy pressed her hips with me, pushing my face deeper into the fat of her ass. She teased me with the holes I was too weak to placate, and I cried a pathetic tone of surrender. 

Just come. Lucy's seductive mental voice whispered. Come for me, Rachel. Come for me... my love. 

Lucy's arrogance tickled the power-hungry depths of my corrupted soul. No, I would not give in to her that easily! I raised my quivering mouth upward, my head feeling so heavy atop my neck. My lips pressed around the rim of her pink asshole, and sucked. I felt Lucy lurch forward just a hint, and the control she had over me began to wane. My tongue poked between my sucking lips and pushed the spokes of her sphincter inward until I broke through. Lucy's abdomen pressed hard against my own as her back arched in pleasure. Her tongue remained entwined about my cock, but her black lips opened to yield a moan. I gathered the strength back in my hands, and gripped the fat of her red ass. I spread her wide open, and planted my lips firmly onto her rim, and sucking relentlessly as my tongue squirmed into her filthy smooth depths. She cried out, her legs sliding apart, her pussy frothing with delight. I savored the taste of her and licked deeper, pressing along the ceiling of her rectum and stimulating her pussy from the other side. Lucy's tongue unwrapped about my cock and flopped statically on my balls. She moaned around my cock, her focus gone, her lips unsealed. She pushed her fingers deeper inside me in a last-ditch attempt to reassert her control. I battled through the scream that stuck in my throat, and overcame the feeling with all my might. With a groan of defeat, she collapsed atop me, her head falling in my lap, her mouth panting euphorically against my unattended cock. 

I dragged myself out from beneath Lucy until I was in a sitting position. She compliantly raised her ass with me, her legs bending at the knees until her calves pressed to her thighs. My mouth placated her with expert lustfulness, and she began to indulge me despite herself. Her hands reached back and held her glutes open for me. Her face lay pathetically on one cheek against the bed, her mouth crying out into the sheets. My tongue worked her smooth bore until the insides were spasming in a chorus of convulsions. Her sphincter suddenly tightened around my tongue, and I felt her desperately holding back the orgasm that was coming over her. I smirked inwardly, and showed no mercy. I sucked with increasing force until a pink bud crowned from her rim. My tongue worked feverishly into protruding coil of rectal flesh, traversing each decadent fold, tasting the bunched vileness of her sinful hole. Lucy thrashed and wrenched violently, her mouth now screaming in pleasure, but her hands still obediently holding herself open. At the last second, she arched her back in a ferocious curve, planted her palms on the back of my head, and threw her weight backward. 

I was sprawled on the bed with Lucy's ass still pressed against my face, but she had the moment she needed. She grabbed my cock with both hands, and dove on to it. Her blowjob wasn't the smooth, impossibly seductive consumption it had been; it was a desperate, violent feeding of flailing black hair and pained gurgles. The voracity of her suction sent my head back into a scream of delight, and Lucy pulled herself back from the brink. 

"You bitch!" I gasped between my moans. 

You almost had me. Lucy giggled in my mind. My asshole always was my weakness. 

"Is that so?" I asked through a delighted cry. 

What? Lucy telepathically laughed while her mouth sucked me, Do you want to do anal? You think your dick can handle what I got back there? I got your cock all nice and wet if you think you're ready. 

"You really think you're that good?!" I exhaled through a scream. 

You're already screaming like a whore from just the blowjob, Lucy chuckled telepathically, and my ass is even better. It's so nice, and tight, and hot. It's the wrong hole, Rachel; it's the one you fuck when you own someone. Do you want to own me? I can be yours.

"I'll have you begging me for it!" I groaned as I thrusted my hips to Lucy's face. 

"I don't think so, Honey," Lucy said, this time with her real mouth, "I think you'll be the one..." 

Lucy stared back at me with a smile etched at the corners of her lips. My precum hung in strands from her mouth, and she twirled the strings with a long finger, and then sucked it with a lecherous hum, her golden irises smiling at me. 

"...begging." She whispered. 

LUCIFER

I twisted around until I was straddled across Rachel's hips. Her tan complexion was glistening with sweat, and her face was flushed, but she was far from gone. She gave me an expression full of combativeness; her juicy lips curved in a cornered smile, her nose crinkled, her blue eyes alight with defiance. Goddamn, I wanted this woman. Truth be told, I wasn't sure if I could back up my claim. Yeah, my asshole was great, but I'd never had Rachel's new cock inside me, and from what I saw her do to God, Caitlyn and Anna, she certainly knew how to use it. I'd have to be careful and in control the entire time, or she'd push me over the edge. 
