 Ada stood before the entrance with frayed nerves. Her legs shook as she peered into the darkness. She glanced back to see only open waters and that she was alone. The others had fled the moment she had stepped foot on land, not that she blamed them. If she was in their shoes, she wouldn't have even dared to get so close to the malevolent god's land. Then again, she wouldn't have offered herself up in the first place.

She could still remember her friends' teary expressions. They had begged her to reconsider. No one had ever volunteered before. It had always been done by lots to determine which young female virgin would be offered up as a sacrifice. No one knew what happened to the women except that they never returned. It was an unspoken agreement that unspeakable horrors had been done to them. Now she was about to face the same things.

Slapping her hands against her cheeks, she winced at the resulting pain and resounding crack. There was no time for regrets. As one of the oldest virgins - she was nearing three decades - and a warrior, she wouldn't be able to forgive herself if she allowed any more young girls go before her. If she succeeded in her task, no more girls would have to suffer anymore. If not, well, at least she could spare one girl.

Regaining her composure, she stood firm as she strode forth into the blackness. With her sight robbed, she stumbled in the dark with only the sound of her footsteps. When she thought the path would never end, she was blinded by a bright light. Raising her arms to shield her eyes, she heard a loud rumble of what sounded like a chuckle.

"So you're the offering?"

The light had faded as quickly as it appeared and she removed her hands from her face. Before her was a towering, six armed figure. The massive figure sat on a stone throne with bones littering at his feet. Red eyes peered down at her and she found herself shaking beneath his gaze.

"You're different from the others." His voice snapped her out of her stupor and she put up a brave front. "None have dared to step foot inside my abode and I would be forced to drag them inside."

Hearing his nonchalant comment about the treatment of the girls nearly sent her into a rage. She buried those feelings deep inside and forced herself to prostate herself before him.

"I offer myself up to you, great lord. I beseech thee to bring good fortune to my people."

Silence. She dared not raise her head.

Her mentor had warned her that gods were fickle and this particular, nameless god was no different. No, perhaps he was worse. He had no sense of morality and no end to his depravity. Claude had wished he could act in her stead, but the god would not allow a man to get close to him unless he had some cruel plan in mind. So he could only prepare her on how to defeat him. It all depended on the god's next move.

Laughter echoed, causing her body to tense. She desperately wished she could have brought her weapons with her, but the only she had been allowed was the garment she was wearing. She hadn't even been allowed to wearing anything underneath much to her embarrassment.

The laughter receded as he said, "Intriguing. I didn't think I would meet a mortal such as yourself."

Unable to help herself, she raised her head. He no longer stood several feet above her. Instead, if she were standing, he would be about a head or two taller. Not only that, he no longer sat in his throne. With only a foot between them, he gave her a cruel smile.

"You would dare to ask me for a favor. Tell me, what could you possible do for my good will?"

Swallowing the lump in her throat, she said, "Whatever you require of me."

"Stand."

Ada scrambled to her feet with the grace of a drunkard. She inwardly bemoaned her sloppiness and a voice in the sound of Ross's, her other mentor, voice berated her in her head. He would have beaten her senseless and tore into her the importance of no wasted movement.

She clasped her hands in front of her and kept her eyes fixated on his chest. Staring in his face would be too daring and looking to the ground might annoy him though she wouldn't admit that her pride wouldn't let her.

Her body stiffened when fingers brushed her cheek to take a strand of hair. He twisted it in between his index finger and thumb.

"What an unusual color. I've never encountered a mortal with green hair. Were you born with it?"

"Y-yes, my lord."

"Hmm."

He released the strand. Hands ghosted around her throat and unbidden fear surged through her chest. Did he intend to choke her to death? Her hands twitched, but she had no weapon to fight him and she held no illusions that she would be able to break free from his grip if he chose to do so.

Tracing the blue veins beneath the ghostly skin, he studied her eyes. Even though she was doing her best to advert her gaze, he could not miss the fear. He bent forward to breathe in her scent. She was doused with the scent of herbs and cleanliness.

"M-my lord," she said, shaking like a leaf.

She was laughably small compared to his true size - not as small as the previous girls - and his shadow had easily eclipsed her. It would be so easy for him to snap her neck and be done with her. Except he was curious about her. Most of the others hadn't bothered to pretend to be unafraid. They had spread snot and tears as they begged for their lives. Depending on his whims, he had ended their lives quickly or prolonged their suffering. A select few had lost their senses and tried to attack him.

Then there was the rare few who threw themselves at him. Whether it was another way for them to save their own skin or they truly believed themselves worthy of him, it didn't matter. He obliged them and they either ended up dead or gifted to his faithful servants. Where did this one stand?

His other hands roamed over her body, exploring every inch of her. Ada struggled to remain still especially when his hands brushed against her breasts and thighs. She had been warned to prepare for anything, yet she found herself repulsed by the monstrous hands touching her. How many lives had been ruined at his hands?

He removed his hands from her throat to take her chin between his fingers and kiss her. She instinctively shoved at his chest, but her strength was nothing to him. His sharp teeth broke the skin of her pink lips and the coppery taste of blood flooded his mouth. It was like rich wine. He deepened his forceful kiss and his tongue slipped inside to explore the crevices of her mouth.

When he felt her struggles weaken, he relinquished the hold he had on her lips. Her gasping breath reminded him of how fragile mortals could be. Just one kiss was enough to almost suffocate them. Eyeing her flush face and swollen lips, he growled.

"Is that all you have to offer?"

Too startled and dazed to form words, she shook her head. She hadn't expected him to kiss her. Of course she knew what sex was - she may be a virgin, but she wasn't ignorant - but she had expected him to simply demand her to spread her legs for him or not even say anything before taking what he wanted. A kiss seemed more like a romantic gesture.

He hooked his finger over the hem of her garment and ripped it apart with the point of his nail. Blood formed from where he nicked her as it slid off her form revealing what laid beneath it. Eyes ravaged her naked form and she shuddered under his hungry look. She can't help but wonder if the rumors about him being a man eater were true.

Hands cupped her breasts and she bit her lip to bite back the whimpers. What she didn't expect was for mouths to form on the palms of his hands and their tongues to flick against her nipples. She gasped. Taking her nipples into his mouths, he sucked down and rolled them between his tongues. Ada raised her hands to cover her moans, but another pair of his hands stopped her. They held them to her sides.

She hadn't realized there was a wall behind her. The place she had entered from was no longer there.

With the last free pair of hands, he caressed her waist and hips before trailing down towards her soft thighs. A trail of wetness followed and she realized more mouths had appeared on his hand.

"My...ah...lord..."

He silenced her with a kiss as he pressed the palm of one of his hands against her entrance. Swallowing up her cries, he guided tongue along her folds, tasting the forming wetness. His hand slid upward so his mouth could clamp onto her clit. Her hips jerked away from the touch, but there was nowhere for her to go and a moan was torn from her throat.

Tears pricked at her eyes. Her body shook. It was hyper aware of the way he played it like a fiddle. Without trying, he sent pulses of pleasure previously unknown to it throughout her body. The humiliation of being aroused by a horrible monster made it worse, but she forced herself to endure. She was doing this for everyone's sake.

Releasing both her now red and swollen nipples, he lifts one of his hands to her lips. "Get it wet."

Teary, green eyes fixated on his. "I don't-"

He didn't give her a chance to finish before shoving his fingers into her mouth. Her eyes widened in shock as she choked around the appendage. Seeing how she was having difficulty breathing, he pulled it out. Saliva coated his fingers, but it wouldn't be enough for what he intended. This time, instead of just forcing it in, he slipped his thumb into her mouth.

Confused and still traumatized from earlier, she stared at him before hesitantly sucked on it. With a slight sniffle, she lathered it in saliva and repeated the process with each finger. She wasn't certain why he was asking her to do this. Was this some kind of strange ritual necessary before sex or something to torment his victims? Either way, she had no choice.

When he slipped his fingers out her mouth, she was startled to find him pressing her to the ground. As he forced her legs apart and pressed a slick finger to her entrance, she immediately realized what he was doing. Her body tensed.

She choked on a cry as he thrust long, broad fingers in. The sudden intrusion sent scorching pain and she forgot all pretense. "T-take it out! It hurts!"

"The pain will ease."

"Take it out." Her voice was barely a whisper. She couldn't even fight back with the way he had her body pinned. It was the first time she had felt truly helpless.

"If I do not do this, it would be undoubtedly more painful later."

The very idea of it being more painful sparked tears in her eyes. It was more painful than anything she had experienced before and she had endured a lot on the battlefield. She kept repeating to herself that she was doing it to protect everyone.

He paused, allowing her time to adjust. There were numerous ways he could do this. Did he desire to tear her virtue away with his mere fingers or have her become a woman around his cock? He could easily repair her hymen, but it would not be the same. Tucking his thumb against his palm, he shoved his curled fist into her.

With a wail, she jerked her legs in an attempt to dislodge him. "Nonono. Take it out. Take it out!"

It appeared he had managed to avoid tearing her hymen. Good. It had been so long since he had been able to bury his hands into the suffocating tightness of a mortal body. Then again, it was typically to tear their organs out.

He twisted his wrist. She screamed again. Tears streaked down her paling face as she pleaded for him to stop. He had never cared for tears. They were disgusting and messy, but they were beautiful against her cheeks. If he didn't know any better, he would have believed she was made for him.

To her relief, he drew his fist out, slowly. Through a haze of tears, she watched as he unveiled cock. Horror and fear colored her face as she saw it was as big as her arm. There was no way she could be able to take it. At least, not without breaking. And he didn't just have one cock. He had two.

"W-wait my lord." He paused with one of his cocks braced at her entrance. "What about your own pleasure?"

He cocked his head for her to continue. She swallowed.

"All you've done is pleasured my body" - that was ignoring the fact he had hurt her when he had fingered and fisted her - "and I've neglected my duty in serving you."

Intrigued, he asked, "I see. Then what do you intend to do?"

"It is only proper that I pleasure you."

When he didn't respond right away, she feared her gambit hadn't paid off. Then he laughed. It made her skin crawl.

"Very well then."

Throwing her over his shoulder, he kept a hand between her legs to tease her as he strode towards his now shrunken throne. She truly was unique. He hadn't expected her to offer especially when she had been crying in pain moments before. It had not been his intention to give her pleasure. If he didn't properly prepare her body beforehand, she would break far too quickly for him to enjoy it.

Sitting down, he dropped her before him. She furiously wiped her tears with her arms as she maneuvered herself into a kneeling position. He gripped her by the back of her head and pressed her cheek into his erection.

"Get to work."

Her hands wrapped around the base of one of his cocks as she pressed her lips against his length. Even though she had said she would please him, she honestly had no idea what she was doing. She had only been coached on what to expect if he desired her body in such a manner and what to do to ensure he did if he had other ideas. It was necessary for him to have sex with her for the plan to work.

Ada licked it. There was a slight salty taste, but, other than that, it tasted like how one would lick their own skin. She gazed up at him, but he gave no indication whatsoever if she was doing it right or wrong.

Alternating between kissing and licking between his two cocks, she tensed when she felt hands grope at her ass. Fingers teased her wet entrance. Then they were replaced with mouths that nipped and licked. She whimpered but forced herself to continue and act as if what he was doing wasn't affecting her.

With him bent over her, she could not see the amusement plastered on his face. As he had expected, she had absolutely no idea what she was doing. It was entertaining to watch her struggle to please him without any help from him. Perhaps he should reward her even if her attempts were pitiful.

She cried out when she felt a tongue thrust inside. It stroked her inner walls as his fingers toyed with her clit. Without meaning to, she buried her face into his cocks and tightened her grip around them. All pretense forgotten, she sobbed as she was assaulted by waves of pleasure. Something was building and her body tensed. Then she felt her world shake.

Juices spilled from her slit as she shook. He hungrily lapped it up as he forced her to ride her orgasm out on his tongue. She clung to him as if he was her lifeline and tears down her face, wetting his cocks. When he finally pulled his hand away, she was a panting, quivering mess. Her eyes stared off unseeingly and he stroked her back in mocking gesture of comfort.

Taking her head between his hands, he forced her to look at him. "I thought you said your purpose was to please me."

Still dazed, she offered up no words. He stole a kiss before guiding her head towards the tip of one of his cocks. Pressing the head against her lips, he watched as she obediently opened her mouth. The tip slipped between her lips.

"Suck."

She obeyed. The taste of precum and tears greeted her. Running her tongue along the slit, she heard him hum in pleasure. His other hands guided hers to his balls. Massaging them, she could feel that they were heavy with his seed.

Suddenly, he pushed her head downward to take a little more of his length. Her mouth adjusted to accommodate him, but he continued to force to take more of him. Her eyes widened with fear as she found herself unable to breathe. Ada pulled her hands away from his balls to grab his wrists in an attempt to stop him. He ignored it as he felt his cock hit the back of her throat.

She choked and gagged. He, on the other hand, frowned as he saw that she barely took half of him inside. Then again most of the others failed to do even that much. It didn't matter he supposed.

With abandon, he made use of her mouth. Watching her fight for breath around his cock and new tears falling from her eyes, he felt a sadistic glee he hadn't experienced in a long time. Ever since he had been cornered to this island, he had been forced to lay down his weapons and sate his blood lust through other means. While it had initially been exciting to demand and obtain offerings, the thrill quickly died out. It was hard to stay interested when it was the same thing for the past few centuries.

He longed to step foot off the island and wage war once again against the other gods. To bathe in blood and watch the world burn would be his greatest joy. For now, he supposed, he would have to make do with the young girl in front of him though something about her bothered him. He had never heard of a mortal with green hair. It was an unnatural color for them, but she claimed she was born with it.

For some reason, he was reminded of another. Perhaps her mother had obtained a blessing from that woman while she was still in the womb. It wasn't unusual for mortals to obtain traits from gods who decided to bestow gifts upon them. He had done so himself and his mark typically was black hair - since it was a common color, most couldn't tell - and/or red eyes.

Seeing her eyes rolling to the back of her head, he allowed her to take a gulp of air. She gasped and choked, but he didn't relinquish his hold. He still had another cock for her to service after all.

Once he was certain she wouldn't die by suffocation, he shoved his other cock into her mouth. Returning to his thoughts, he snarled at the memory of the so called "benevolent" gods. Mortals foolishly believed that the gods cared for them, but the truth was that they existed solely to serve the gods whether they were benevolent or malevolent. He wondered if the reason this girl acted so brave was that she believed her gods were enough to save her from him. How foolish.

Satisfied with her work, he released his grip on her head. "Now then I believe it is time you truly service me."

He lifted her to her feet and had her on the throne to line her entrance with one of his cocks. Ada swallowed. Lowering herself, she tensed as she felt the tip forced its way in. Her hands held onto his as her legs shook. There was a burning sensation as it stretched her, but it wasn't as painful as when he had fisted her.

Tired of waiting, he grabbed her by the hips and slammed her down. His cock tore mercilessly through her hymen and she would have screamed if she could. It had buried deep inside her, knocking the air out of her lungs. There was a slight bulge indicating where his cock was inside of her. He devoured the sight of her blood between them.

Then he lifted her up only to force her back down onto his cock. The moment he did so, she screamed. White hot pain tore through her. She was dying. But, if she was going to die, she was going to try to take him with her.

He paused in his actions. "So this was your plan. I must say, I'm impressed."

Before she could even react, he stood up still holding her. The jostling sent more waves of pain throughout her body. He spun around and laid her against his throne to stare at her stomach. A glowing mark had appeared against her skin.

"I had wondered why you were so willing to give your body to me." He traced the lines of her mark. "You have a curse meant to kill me. It would seem it can only be activated through consenting sex. I never would have thought such a curse could exist."

Ada glared at him through her tear filled eyes. There were so many things she wanted to say, but she could be barely keep herself together through the pain. Every inch of body felt like it was being torn apart.
