 The next morning, Aphrodite moaned in a sweet and seductive tone as she knelt before her lover Ares, the God of War, who was wanking his cock furiously in his hand, thicker around than her forearm. He jerked fast and hard, hand flying along his dick before he started squirting rope after rope of hot semen onto her creamy tits. With a sultry smile, the Goddess of Lust lifted her tits even higher and bounced them around in her hands to play with his sperm "Yes, Ares, cum on my tits. Coat it in your semen. Mark me like a dog marking its territory." Her words seemed to make him come even harder, and Aphrodite removed her hands from her tits to put them on the bed behind her back, supporting her body as she leaned back and allowed him to shower her in his hot cum. Ares continued to grunt as his balls clenched, semen erupting from his cock with some audible nasty spurts while he continued to shoot his load onto the sexual body of his lover, turning her entire body into a nasty, sperm-soaked mess. His load was still massive, even after fucking with her for the past twelve hours.

"Fuck... Take this you amazing slut." Ares said as he put his hand on the top of her head and pushed his cock down her throat, forcing her to drink his final shot, which lasted over twenty seconds before pulling out and stepping back to look at her. Aphrodite purred sexily as she ran her hand on her soaked chest, smiling flirtatiously as she looked at him, with his jizz crisscrossing on her face. Ares felt his cock twitch at the way she was looking at him, and wanted nothing more than to bend her down and fuck her again.

His cock was still rock hard, so Ares saw no reason to do otherwise, the muscles of his ass flexing as he slammed his cock into his lover while she wailed beneath him, with her long white legs splaying out around his waist and her giant breasts bouncing with his powerful thrusts so much that they were slapping her in the face. The two shared a hot passionate kiss, with their tongues loudly slapping against one another before Ares turned her around and put one foot on her face so he could render her immobile and slam his cock down her asshole from above, moaning and squeezing her ass as hard as he could to postpone his orgasm. Aphrodite was lost in lust for a moment, but she could feel his hot semen filling up her bowel and causing her stomach to bloat out a bit, before she went on and sucked on his toe as he continued to fuck her ass for another two or three rounds, cumming even more than she did. In such position, she was merely his sex toy to fuck, a hole that he could dump his load into, something that she had always been more than happy to receive.

Eventually, he removed his cock from her ass and stumbled back, sitting down with his back leaning against plush pillows and finally taking a break from all the sex that he had been having with Aphrodite climbing onto his body with her back facing him and dropping her ass onto his cock, taking the whole thing inside her before leaning back on his chest and turning her head to the side to kiss him. It was intoxicating and arousing at the same time for Ares, to have the goddess of love in such position on his body, fucking herself on his monstrous cock while kissing him with the love and passion that no other woman could match.

Line Break

Aphrodite finally awoke sometime later in the late afternoon of the following day, with her head throbbing and her pussy aching. Her bed had been broken, with the frame shattered and the bed sheet soaked with in cum while her entire body were covered in sweat and dried semen. Her hair was a total mess, all tangled up and kinky. Her hands were kept behind her back by steel handcuffs and there was something hard and long wrecking the inside of her ass, but that probably was one of her dildos. There were also quite a few of her best sluts on the bed and in the room with her, each of them had been fucked into comas and strewn about the floor like broken toys by the same man who had dominated and sexually annihilated her.

Still, she was horny as usual.

Sitting up, Aphrodite willed the handcuffs to disappear, releasing her hands and allowing her to bring them above her head as she stretched her arms and arched her back. Moving down, she reached her hands between her ass cheeks and started pulling out the vibrating dildo inside, as slowly as she could. The whole thing was as thick as her arm and almost as long as Ares' cock. When she finally removed it from her ass, the whole dildo was throbbing and twisting and twitching everywhere, almost like a living creature. She pushed a small switch to turn it off and threw it to the side before standing up to make her way down the bed and head into the bathroom, her actual bathroom.

Her bathroom were with different pools ranging in temperature and content, some filled with normal water, others with milk while some smaller ones were for something more exotic, such as honey, lavender and even male semen. The area were attended by numerous handmaidens, each one of them had beauty to behold and definitely looked amazing in a bikini. Four of them came before their mistresses and two started washing her as she walked into a spacious shower room, with one turning on the showerhead upon Aphrodite before kneeling down on the wet floor to press her mouth against her labia, sucking Ares' cum from her well fucked cunt, while the last maiden took her place behind her, and did the same to her asshole after using both hands to knead her ass cheeks to the sides. The love goddess moaned as she drew the one on her left closer and kissed her, while the other handmaiden moved her hands around her lustful chest, spreading washing gel across her skin before washing it away.

"Leave me."

With a smile on her face, she ordered them to leave so she could have sometime alone, smashing her hand on one of her handmaidens' ass to push her out of the shower room before turning back and starting to wash her hair. She usually handled her beautiful hair with great care but Ares had pulled some strands from her head last night during one of those moments when she allowed him to ride her around the room with his cock deep in her ass and her hair in his hand, which he used like a reins. Still, she didn't care all that much and used her power over beauty to grow them back to normal.

Ares had really done a number on her body. She couldn't even remember most of it, but her body hurt in all the right places and there were also plenty of bruises. Then again, she was fine with that. She could recover from sex extremely quick, being a powerful goddess whose domain was sex and everything related to it, so she didn't have to worry about anything. Even as she showered, she could feel the marks on her creamy skin disappear, leaving it as good as before. Within seconds, she was back and looked even better than she had been before having sex with Ares.

Her actually cleaning was fast, around five minutes at most. When she was done, Aphrodite turned the shower head off and made her way out of the shower room, picking up one of the the towels hanging on the rack and proceeded to partially dry her hair then doing the same to the rest of her body before she wrapped it around her massive bust and walked over to her sink, raising her hand to wipe the mirror.

However, the moment she saw three men standing behind her in the mirror, was also the moment she was forced to turn around to face them. Standing over six feet tall, they were ridiculously handsome and did not look any older than their early twenties, yet each one of them were built like an ancient Greek God, with titanic muscles that seemed to be cut from stone, and packed a massive penis and equally impressive balls, the likes of that would have caused a bull to shy away in comparison.

She had tried to speak. She had wanted to ask them why there were there in her bathroom without her permission, but the one who had turned around did not allow her that luxury. Pinning her hands on the wall beside her head with his hands around her wrists, he crashed his mouth against hers, kissing her with the passion of a man who was lust driven. Then before she could react to the kiss, he thrust his cock into her cunt, having some trouble at first because her labia refused to make way for him, but eventually he was able to get the whole thing all the way up to her womb. Then he started to fuck her, pummel her and abuse her with his genital spear, pulling out and slamming back in with long, brutal thrusts, bashing her slender back and bubble ass against the stone wall again and again and again as she was rendered immobilize.

Within the next few minutes, Aphrodite was cumming her brains out, moaning in erotic pleasure as he fucked her. She had had men from her harem raped her before, sneaking onto her bed while she was resting, tying her up and ganging up on her in the middle of the night, fucking her without her permission and taking her to one of their shared room to pass her around like a piece of meat, but she had rarely had anyone with so much ferocity like him. His face was a mask of pleasure as he fucked her, and at that moment, the Goddess of Love realized that it had been her time having sex with Ares that had turned them into mindless animals lusting for her body. The one fucking her, and his friends who were wanking their cocks behind him, were only three of many of her servants who were lusting for her body. In their current state only her holes could satisfy them.

He came before she did, several times in fact. When he came he screamed, causing his chest to vibrate, and he slowed his thrusts but made them hit her harder while filling his mistress' womb with his hot flood of spunk. It took him minutes to finish, and when he did he removed his cock from her and fell back onto his ass, looking up at his mistress in lust and fear. Aphrodite smiled, not at him but at the other two as she put one hand on her hip, while semen was flowing from her pussy.

She told them: "Now, if you boys want to rape me then do it properly."

Line Break

Later that evening, the Goddess of lust hummed a sexy tune she usually listened to while having sex with Ares as she made her way to the top of her mountain, her stiletto heels clacking on the ground as she walked as quickly as she could while wearing a piece of scanty dress that made her look every bit of a slut she was. The dress was cut so low around the neck area that her whole breasts were bouncing visibly, while straining to the max around the bottom to hold back every inch of ass meat that she had despite having a high slit up to her waist on the left to provide her some comfort and easy movement, but left her crotch almost exposed.

Despite wearing such outfit, she walked without nothing but confident. The people around her were either looking at her bouncing tits, or gazing at her firm massive bubble ass, or even eyeing her pussy as it suddenly appeared under her dress as she walked. She felt no shame having them looked at her in such way, liking it even. The Goddess had done some makeups on her face, making her even more radiantly beautiful than usual, and had her wavy golden hair straightened with the front bangs cut above her eyes.

As she came closer to her destination, she could see a line of hundreds people waiting for their turns to enter the massive club before them. With a smirk, she strode her way to the front line and showed the bouncer standing at the front her tits, immediately turning him on. With another kiss on the lips, she was allowed immediately entrance.

"Thank you, honey." She smiled at him and made her way in. The loud, banging music immediately hit her ears and as she tried to find a place to fit in, someone came to her and kissed her on the lips, his hands reaching around to grope her round bubble butt while her breasts mashed against his chest. She immediately knew who it was, and she kissed him back passionately for a full minute before pushing him away from her, smiling seductively as she put a hand on his chest.

"Easy there Apollo." She shouted over the loud music. "This is your party doesn't mean that you can do whatever that you want with your guests."

"Sorry, I was a bit excited to see you. Oh, and thank you for coming to my party."

He said with his extremely charming smile. However, to say Apollo was handsome or charming would be a huge understatement because he had to be the most handsome man on Olympus, with the kind of masculine beauty that would have someone mistaken that he had some power over her domain of beauty. He was tall, while not as tall as Ares, he was as tall as she was, and was as muscular and as bronzed as a mortal Baywatch lifeguard, with long golden hair tied back in a bun behind the back of his head, and eyes that shone like the sun.

"Damn Dite, you look absolutely gorgeous." Apollo commented as he reached out and casually put his hands under her breasts, pushing them up before rolling them around and leaning in to suck greedily at one of her boobs, opening his mouth as wide as he could to take in as much tit flesh as possible. Not to be outdone by him, Aphrodite unzipped his pants and took out his semi-hard cock and heavy ball sack, fondling and massaging them with care as he continued to feast on her tits for another five minutes before pulling back and smiling at her.

"Wanna hit the dance floor with me, handsome?" She asked, pumping his cock to full mast in her hand, raising to an impressive fourteen inches and becoming as thick as her forearm. Without waiting for him to accept her request, which she knew he would despite the state he was in, Aphrodite turned around and pulled him with her to the middle of the crowded dancing floor, where she started dancing and swaying her body to the violent music, her eyes looking at his the entire time. Apollo smirked and danced with her, without caring that his hard cock was out in the open.

Then, Aphrodite turned around and lifted her dress up around her waist, exposing her whole bottom for him to see before she started grinding her butt against his cock as she danced. With a cheeky smirk, Apollo grabbed her hips and slammed into her asshole, pulling her back so her bubble ass was grinding against his pelvis. Aphrodite didn't seem to mind, and continued to dance with him like that, with him removing his shirt and randomly thrusting his hips to the music. As the music became faster and stronger, their dance became a full blown, shameless ass pounding, with Apollo slamming into Aphrodite's asshole from behind while using her tits to pull her back to meet his thrust. The loud music made sure that no one could hear anything, but she could feel his cock lurching inside her asshole and a moment later, hot semen came rushing into her bowel.

With a smile, the Aphrodite grabbed Apollo by his heavy penis and pulled on it. "Come with me." She shouted and he excitedly acquiesced, allowing her to lead him out of the dance floor. She had spent so much time at his palace that she knew the way like the back of her hand, and it didn't take it long for her to find a private, VIP room at the back. There was no door or wall, only curtains that fell down from the ceiling and surrounded them from every direction, with a bed on one side, a stripper pole on a colorful triangular stage near a comfortable looking armchair on another.

Giving Apollo a wet, tongue filled kiss, Aphrodite then pushed him back, making him fall into the armchair, and walked onto the stage before him with a spin, causing her breasts to sway and bounce hypnotically. There, she wrapped her arm around the pole and started to dance to the music that she could hear from the party outside, performing skills of a professional pole dancer while slowly and sexually removing her dress, giving him a sexy show to watch and masturbate to. She danced and danced for an entire hour, using skills that she hadn't used in years to tease him, showing him every corner of the body that he was about to fuck. Apollo had been extremely patience and he had sat there the entire time to watch her, wanking his cock furiously but unable to bring himself to orgasm. His dick was so hard that it had grown and swelled inside, looking painfully hard with pre-cum oozing from the tip.

Then, as the music stopped and another beat started, Aphrodite did one a final spin before she returned to the floor and walked toward him without even the smallest of wasted movement, her breasts bouncing to the step that she made. She came to sit on his lap and pressed her body against his, sandwiching his cock between their stomachs before raising her way up to rub her breasts on his face, turning from side to side to smash him with them. His hands traveled from her ass up to her waist and then made a stop at her breasts, groping and kneading her twin babies with a lecherous enthusiasm. He then pushed them up, and leaned in to kiss the sexy curve of her stomach, before licking his way up to the valley between her breasts, where he started rolling them around his head, motorboating her with a cheeky smile on his face.

As he finished licking around her nipples, Aphrodite suddenly pulled back and turned around, giving him a short but sexy lap dance before she surprised him by slamming her ass on his cock, taking in every single of the girthy dong. Apollo moaned and threw his head back as she repeatedly bounced her ass on his thighs, making wet clapping sounds. She rode him for a good while, but stopped suddenly and rose from his cock just when he was about to have his explosive ending.

"What the fuck babe?" Apollo groaned, but she only answered him with a mischievous smile before sliding her way down the floor and kneeled between his legs. Leaning in to give the swollen head of his penis a smoking kiss, causing it to fire a massive rope of cum over her head, Aphrodite then dipped her neck down to wrap her lips around the engorged head of his manhood, sucking out a long streamer of gooey semen from his large pisshole, then moving to envelop the entire head with her mouth, stretching obscenely around the thick shaft as she slurped on his monster dong, making lewd sucking noises while working over more and more of his dominating cock into her mouth. Within a few seconds, Aphrodite had her face buried completely into his crotch, moaning and slurping up around his girthy monster as her throat wrapped around his cock several sizes too small and soon brought her hands up to massage his balls, one churning nut in each of her small hands.

Aphrodite could make men cum in seconds with her skills, and a sexually frustrated Apollo was no exception. In the end, forty five seconds was about all he could last inside her mouth, giving in to his own release, something that she did not deny him this time around. He came hard and fast, spraying exceptionally long ropes of thick lumpy semen deep into her body while making an obscene spurting sound with his own dick. Her belly was immediately filled, and the blonde allowed his seeds to rocket back up her throat, making her cheeks puff out before she swallowed, not wanting to waste even a single drop. Finally, his mind blowing orgasm came to an end, and she sucked his twitching cock clean for a minute more before pulling back with a mouthful of his spunk, which she then spit onto his cock as she stood up and used her hands to smear it across the veiny surface of his beautiful manhood. She then turned her back, giving him an amazing view of her jutting bubble butt, and used her hands to lewdly spread her cheeks and show off her pink, inviting, moist-looking asshole while swaying her hips from side to side, making his eyes follow her as she walked across the room the clear 30 degree inclined wall, looking down the party below. There, she bent over, pushing her melon tits against the transparent glass wall, and moved her hands to either side of her head, before turning around to look at Apollo as the handsome god stood up and walked to stand behind her, his cock sliding into her asshole with surprising ease.
