 Zeus' master bedchamber was a total mess. His giant king-sized bed was broken off of its post and the wall behind it was cracked. The floor was littered with broken furniture and numerous puddles of semen. A couple of the most beautiful and attractive maids were passed out on the floor, their clothes were torn to piece, perky breasts pushing them up from the ground like fleshly pillows, while thick globs of hot semen were flowing steadily out of their holes.

While such mess was being cleaned up by the servants, Aphrodite and Zeus were currently enjoying a hot tub together in the bathroom of the king's palace, with her pressing tightly against his powerful form. Her large tits squashing against his chest as she passionately kissed her lips and sucked upon his tongue, at the same time feeling his rock hard cock trapped between his and her stomach. Aphrodite let loose a lewd moan and pulled back to smile flirtatiously at Zeus when the God King reached down with both hands and grabbed her ass, squeezing and kneading them with gusto. Zeus was very pleased but it was Aphrodite who was having the most fun she had ever had in a while. After fucking her in every hole and almost every known position, not getting tired at all, Zeus had woken up this morning feeling more refreshed than he had ever been in decades. He had bent her over in her sleep, and as soon as he had her face and tits pressed down Zeus started to work his monstrous fucking cock she'd become familiar with in almost every way into her cunt, giving her exactly everything she had ever wanted as the goddess of lust and sex.

Aphrodite was brought out of her musing when the God King gave her full, lush ass a good hard squeeze before he deposited her off his lap, allowing his massive cock to rise up several inches above the water surface and throbbed intensely. "Bend over and present yourself to me slut!" He ordered while openly stroking his dick.

"As you wish, milord." With a flirtatious smile, Aphrodite stood up and turned around, first giving him an eyeful view of her luxurious ass before bending over so that her pussy was perfectly aligned with the swollen bulbous head of his alpha dong, Placing her hands on his knees under the water, Aphrodite then slammed herself down onto his lap, impaling herself on almost the entire length of his mega-sized dick, and began to ride him for all she was worth, splattering water around them as she rose her ass up and slammed it down. Zeus threw his head back and grunted loudly while Aphrodite gave him a show and a service most men would kill for. For minutes, she bounced on his cock, squeezing and milking it with every ounce of her inner muscle to the point Zeus felt like his cock was being crushed into a condom several sizes too small. She was smothering his dick from tip to balls, a feat not many goddesses, let alone women were able to do. The Goddess of sex was determined to prove that there was no one that could please him as well as she did, and with the pace she was going, Zeus was starting to believe that as well... not that he had ever doubted her before. 

Deciding to stay idle no longer, the god king stood up, and with his that he rose Aphrodite with him, almost making her lose her balance and fall face down the hot water below. He reached his hands under to take his slut by her thighs and started to thrust all the way up into her womb at a neck-breaking pace while holding her firmly in the air.

"Fuck milord! Your cock's so big!" The busty goddess moaned out loudly as she was bounced up and down on Zeus' massive dick, loving the feel of his dick sliding almost out and then instantly back in her pussy while his strong hands dug into the soft flesh of her full thighs. It did not take it long for him to increase the pace of his fucking even further, taking it to Aphrodite's pussy with gusto.

"Take this you slut!" He declared and punctuated his statement with a particularly harsh thrust that literally sent her big tits careening up into the air and smacking her in the face, at the same time her eyes beginning to roll up into the back of her head and her tongue lolling helplessly and limping from her mouth, drool beginning to trace down her chin. Zeus smirked as he slammed his cock up into the blonde, fucking her twice as fast and hard as before. So hard in fact that Aphrodite literally bounced up off his cock and fell straight back down into to be impaled all over again. The sound of her meaty ass slapping his thighs grew even louder and as did the sloshing of the hot water and their combined sex juices.

Finally, after a few more powerful thrusts, he erupted. "Fuck yes!!" The king thundered and pounded his lover with each thrust being accompanied by a minute long and thick spray of his cum straight up against her cervix. For several minutes he fucked her in that position, not pausing for even a second, and by the time he had slowed to a stop in his thrusting, leaving his massive cock lodged tightly in her pussy, Aphrodite's womb was overflowing with so much of his sperm it made her look several months pregnant.

Pulling his cock out of her hole, Zeus climbed out of the tub and walked over to stand in front of Aphrodite, smirking as he took in her erotic nude form before he reached his hand down to grab her by the hair and jerked her up toward his cock. Allowing her to plant a wet and lustful kiss on the tip, Zeus then wrapped the soft and silky strands of her golden threads around his cock, smirking at how good it felt "Let's continued this in the bedroom." With that, he started making his way out of the bathing area of his palace, and with her hair acting as a leash around his cock, she was forced to come along with him, crawling on her hands and knees behind him like a loyal bitch that he had every intention to turn her into.

Line Break

Having left the king palace as soon as the Queen returned, Aphrodite was once again back in her Palace, her personal haven where she went back to her daily routine, messing around with her servants who were the finest men and women anyone could find around the world, As usual, she was in a most immodest fashion, stark naked, leaving her generous curves completely exposed. At the moment, the goddess of sex was kneeling on a massive massage bed in her pavilion by a large swimming pool, being sandwiched between two muscled and handsome male servants, with the one underneath her thrusting his monstrous, seventeen inches cock into her pussy, while the man kneeling behind her was groping her breasts with his hands. A third man stood on his feet before Aphrodite, but he had to bend his knees a bit in order to stroke his bicep-thick dong in front of his mistress. At the same time, Leda was on another table beside her, and she was also getting a full body massage from another group of male servants, similar to the one that Aphrodite had received earlier before she turned it into sex with those three men, making her smooth and flawless skin glistening with a healthy sheen of oil under the sunlight.

"Leda, how are the new recruitments doing?" Aphrodite asked, hand reaching up to fondle the set of balls in front of her while the man lying on his back beneath her was thrusting his cock into her divine pussy at a slow and steady pace. 

"Don't worry about them, mistress." Leda answered, speaking up from where she was "You can leave the supervision of their training in my capable hands." Being a former Queen was one of the reasons why Aphrodite could always leave her with other important matters around the palace... such as training new recruits for her harem.

Aphrodite smiled as she leaned her head back, feeling the strong hands of the male servant behind her squeeze her breasts while pinching her nipples. His cock was painfully hard and was oozing out more pre-cum than a man could do in an entire week, but unless his mistress told him to he would not do anything, showing great restraint for a hormonal male. 

"Well, it's only natural that I'd be interested in my new servants. After all, it's hard to find a fine one and train them to become horny stallions like these ones nowadays." She finished with a soft moan, and with her hand reaching out, Aphrodite seized the sixteen inch womb buster of the servant standing in front of her, replacing his hand on his girthy monster and restarting to stroke him at a slow but decent pace, making him arch his back and moan as her hand went up and down on the amazing length of his cock. 

An hour or so later, Aphrodite left the swimming area wearing nothing but a slinky robe of pink silk that she didn't even bother to tie up; leaving her glistening, toned, oil-stained body completely exposed, and made her way back to her room with every intention to have sex for the rest of the day. However, as she got closer and closer to her bedchamber, the goddess of sex could feel a familiar presence coming from within, and walked in to see a drastically handsome man standing in the middle of her room, with fair skin, sparkling green eyes, messy black hair and a musculature that was hard but lean, like a bronze statue of a professional athlete. He wore an open vest to show off the artwork of his pectorals and abs, and a very loose fitting pants that, at the moment, had the zipper pulled down and allowed the most beautiful twelve inch tools in the world to hung out in a semi-hard state, one that was being taken care of by one of the less talented handmaidens currently in the room, a maid, who was kneeling in front of him and clearly had no idea how to properly handle such magnificent penis.

Hearing the sound of the door being opened, the man turned his head around and looked at Aphrodite, who instantly recognized him and became so excited that she looked like a kid in a candy store. "Adonis!" Aphrodite exclaimed with glee and literally leapt toward the man she had been waiting for months, giving him just enough time to spin around, remove his cock from the maid's mouth and open his arm to catch the goddess of sex, her breasts mashing against his chest and her mouth whimpering softly as their mouths met in a hot, passionate French kiss. He reached his hands around her back and groped at her buttocks so strongly that Aphrodite was actually lifted from the ground a little as the two kissed and made up for all the months they had missed.

Adonis was one of the few men Aphrodite had ever loved, in the genuine emotional sense. In the physical sense she loved hundreds, thousands even. He was conceived after Aphrodite cursed his mother Myrrha to lust after her own father, King Cinyras of Cyprus, as punishment for failing to honour her in ancient time. Myrrha had sex with her father in complete darkness for nine nights, but he discovered her identity and chased her with a sword. Sometime later, Myrrha gave birth to Adonis, and Aphrodite was the one who found the infant before giving him to be raised by Persephone, the queen of the Underworld, which had proven to be one of the greatest mistakes in her life as Adonis grew into an astonishingly handsome young man, possibly the most handsome mortal at the time and caused both Aphrodite and Persephone to fall head over heel for him, starting a feud between the two of them. Zeus eventually decreed that Adonis would spend one-third of the year in the Underworld with Persephone, one-third of the year with Aphrodite, and the final third of the year with whomever he chose. Because the Underworld would not be a healthy place for a young man to live, and his time with Persephone always overlapped with her time with her husband Hades, who he spent most of his time hiding from, Adonis chose to spend his final third of the year with Aphrodite, who also promised him the greatest pleasure in the world with not just her but every handsome she had in her disposal. No man could refuse such an offer like that.

Adonis had died once in the past. One day, when he was out hunting, he was attacked by a wild boar and died. Aphrodite found him and turned his corpse into the first Anemone flower, but later she was able to revive Adonis with the help of Persephone, who also couldn't get over his death, and granted him immortality to make sure such tragedy would never happen again, resulting in an immortal male lover of Aphrodite that had as much share of the goddess of sex as any gods and goddesses.

After a moment, the two broke away, a small strand of saliva connected their tongues, which sparkled like a chain of diamonds between the two. Aphrodite blushed as she saw how handsome he was. It had been four months since she last saw him, and his time in the Underworld with Persephone had not withered him at all.

"Damn," Aphrodite smiled. She could feel his hands pulling her ass cheeks apart "You're still one hell of a kisser."

Adonis replied with his own warm smile, but his eyes went down to leer at her tits, which spread out on his chest, with lecherous intent "And you look even better than last time we were together. Your breasts are massive." He said and slid his hands up from her ass to grope her breasts, grazing over the woman's sensitive nipples with his thumbs. 

"Wanna have fun with them?" Aphrodite asked and did not wait for him to answer. Placing her hands on his chest, the goddess of love pushed her lifelong lover back until the back of his knees hit her bed and caused him to fall down on his back, but Adonis immediately pushed himself up on his elbows to look at Aphrodite as she kneeled down between his legs and pulled down his pants, fully revealing the rest of his big dick and apple-sized testicles to match. Her small hand closed in around his beefy cock, unable to fully encircle it and began to stroke up and down as Adonis bucked his hips reflexively, a deep rumble ripping from his chest.

As Adonis took off his shirt, revealing his lean but muscled upper body, Aphrodite darted under his looming bar of cock meat, setting her moist, plump lips against his left nut, a tongue slithering out to swirl all over the firm orb and slather it with saliva. Instinctively his hands shot out, snagging her golden locks and grabbing fistfuls like reins before pulling her to him, burying her face even more firmly in his crotch and prompting her to lavish even more worship upon his testicles. His now fully hard sixteen-inch cock curved over her face, veins and head slowly going more and more purple with lust.

Finally, Adonis released her and Aphrodite waste no time to lift her tits up and wrap them around his dick. Smiling flirtatiously up at him, Aphrodite started up a slow tit fuck before she wrapped her lips around the large head and worked her way down the girthy appendage until her face was almost buried in her own tits, knowing the combination of her succulent lips and soft tits would have him blowing a huge load in no time flat. While she was more than okay with him fucking other women, considering it was something she wanted him to do, Aphrodite wanted to make it clear she was the best fuck he would ever have, and not even a fellow goddess like Persephone could hope to please him sexually as well as she could.

"Shit, that feels so good Aphrodite." Over the next ten minutes, Aphrodite found a good rhythm for her titfuck/blowjob, as she drew her lips back up she would drag her tits down into his lap and then as she sucked him back into her mouth she would bring her tits back up his shaft. The effect her technique had on Adonis was almost instantaneous, his cock swelling in her mouth and tits just before he blew his load. A former mortal, his cumshot would never be comparable to that of a god, but the first load was still more than enough to fill her Tsunade's mouth completely. The second blast of cum came as soon as the first ended, and Aphrodite swallowed both of them down without so much of a problem. After over fifteen minutes of cumming, Adonis' orgasm finally subsided, allowing Aphrodite to remove herself from his cock with a wet pop before she leaned back and let out a content sigh.

"Delicious." She praised before she stood up and let her robe slide down her shoulders she climbed onto the bed and straddled his hips before reaching her hand behind her back to grab his cock and lined it up with her pussy. "Let's start with a tradition, shall we?" She cooed as his fat head pressed against her cunt-lips. Adonis seized her wide, baby-bearing hips with both hands, his fingers sinking into the creamy flesh. Then, the moment he had been waiting for months came, and a clap of flesh on flesh was heard as she sank down on him, drawing him all the way into her heat, a smooth and soft sleeve that stretched and stretched and stretched around his massive dong like a condom several sizes too small. Her pussy squeezed his cock, making him groan in bliss, and before he could recover, Aphrodite lifted herself up before slamming all the way back down, bouncing neatly into his lap with a breathless squeal, splashing juices all over his groin and balls.

She moaned, squeezing her tits with a lustful expression as he started to properly thrust his hips to match her movements, plowing into her twat with loud and wet bucks, his mammoth cock pulverizing her tender hole and battering through her cervix in an instant. Adonis could feel his balls trembled and his cock throbbed powerfully inside her as hips pumped upwards like a machine to pack as many huge, girthy inches of his cock into her cunt as possible.

Feeling his balls clench for an explosive release, Adonis pulled Aphrodite down and met her with a deep, lusty kiss, their lips mashing together with drool running down their chins. His tongue, strong and brash, tangled with hers, making her moan and melt into him, while his mammoth nuts started to gurgle loudly. With a loud grunt, he hilted himself fully inside her tight, slippery pussy as a long, thick and hot rope of semen slithered up his cum tube, traveling from his balls up his tremendous length until it blasted forth into her womb from his fat mushroom head. Aphrodite moaned into the kiss, creaming and spasming as his sperm exploded into her warm, welcoming womb. 

Then suddenly, Adonis pulled his still spurting cock out of the goddess and turned the two around, reversing their positions and moving up till he was straddling her chest and slapped his cock between her tits, splattering cum all over her face in the process. Roughly grabbing her soft and heavenly jugs with plenty flesh to spare, he then wrapped them around his cock and started to fuck the delightful orbs while further covering her features in his come. Once Aphrodite's face was completely hidden under a mask of jizz Adonis finally ran dry, and Aphrodite then started the laborious task of cleaning her face with her tongue, a scene most men would die to see her doing in front of them and with their cum. Once she was cum free, he then said to her "Hope you don't have any plans for today, love, cause we still have all day and I'm just getting started." With that said, he sat back and turned Aphrodite around, making her moan in approval as he swung his hand across her ass, making a deliciously resounding smash that could be heard around the room, before he moved up to straddle the goddess and wasted no time to press the bulbous tip of his dick against her tight ass and applied pressure, forcing his way into her incredibly tight ass. 

"Shit! Almost forgot how tight this was." Adonis grunted and then let his whole weight, aided by gravity, sink inch after inch of his steel hard manhood into her until he was just over halfway in. Pulling back till just the head was buried in Aphrodite's magnificent bubble butt, Adonis then thrust down savagely, burying his entire cock deep into his lover.

"Oh fuck," Aphrodite moaned out with a blissful smile. "Fucking destroy my ass with that cock of yours."

"Damn right I'm gonna fuck you up till you can't even sit normally." He grunted, grinding his cock deep in the goddess' tight ass for a few minutes before Adonis the started fucking down into her. Reaching forward, Adonis grabbed a fistful of Aphrodite's hair before shoving her face into the bed as he ruthlessly speared her ass over and over again with his cock, fucking her flat on the bed. When she came, her ass clamped down on his buried meat and it almost caused him to blow his load right then and there. Soon the goddess of sex lost track of how long he plowed into her ass or how many orgasms ripped through her, but when she felt his thrusts became more forceful and erratic she knew he was about to fill her bowel to the brim. "Fucking tight assed slut, I wanted this to last longer but fuck! Here, take my load!"
