 In his new room, Adonis was having the time of his life. Bedding Cleta couldn't have been easier for him, not needing to say more than a few words to her before he had his cock jammed down her throat. At the moment, Adonis was having her in the same position while working her mammaries breasts up and down and side to side, grinding her voluminous tits around his throbbing shaft. She worked his cock with her breasts, pleasuring him with a peerless tit-job, licking and slurping the head of his cock that stuck out from her cleavage.

However, she was not the only one there with him at the moment. Cleta had been extra generous with him after he had blasted her womb full of his extra virile semen and called into his room some of the most beautiful elite handmaidens Aphrodite had in her disposal, all of whom were so attractive they could rival even their mistress. While the beautiful Grace continued to service his dick with a blowjob as good as their mistress', a beautiful naiad stood at his side, kissing his neck and stroking his chest. She humped him, grinding an aching pussy against his hip, bucking her ass and making her thighs flex, flattening her chest against his unyielding musculature. The sounds she made while doing so were music to his ears, and she moaned blissfully when Adonis went on to fondle her ass in turn. On the other side, another woman was grinding her sex on his masterful hand while Adonis delved his digits deeply into her cunt. He fingered her and kissed her passionately on the mouth, her very large breasts mashing and heaving between them. Tongues danced between their mouths, unwilling to separate even when their lips pulled apart and they paused in kissing.

All three women came at the same time, orgasming and moaning out as one. Adonis also came too, spattering Cleta's breasts with his semen and making her shiver in anticipation. Then, the two handmaidens lowered themselves down to their knees and took his balls into their mouths, sucking and slurping worshipfully while staring up at him with lust in their eyes. Cleta also went back to suck on his cock. The sight that greeted him when he looked down was something most men would have killed for. 

And he loved every second of it. 

Line Break

When the sun rose on Adonis' third day at Aphrodite's Palace, he woke up in a very good mood. The scent of sweat and sex was heavy in the room. It was seven in the morning, and the mortal lover of Aphrodite blinked blearily before he hauled himself up to one elbow. The handmaidens he had sex with the previous night was next to him, her breasts mashed against his chest while Cleta was curled up between his legs, with his soft and flaccid dick draping over her beautiful face.

Adonis got out of bed and soon discovered that his cock was hardening again. Adonis was one of a few males who had received Aphrodite's sex blessing, and since he's already an amazing lover who could satisfy her on his own, he had come to have the libido of a god, and in a way made him a male version of the goddess of sex. Still, while it was great for his sex life, it also had its downsides and usually left him in a constant state of horniness, with a painfully hard cock to match. All three women in his bed looked worn out, so being a gentleman that he was, Adonis did not want to disturb them. So as he walked into the bathroom and let hot water poured down his muscled form in the shower room, he started to masturbate, stroking his rock hard cock with both hands, thinking about Aphrodite and her beautiful handmaidens. Once he had eased down his morning erection somewhat, Adonis went on with the actual cleaning, which was fast, and left the area with nothing but a towel around his waist.

"Has Aphrodite returned?" 

Adonis asked a handmaiden working outside his room, who blushed and nodded her head at him before answering:

"Yes, master Adonis. I believe she's in her room at the moment." Adonis nodded his head gratefully and headed to Aphrodite's bedchamber, his massive, rock-hard muscles glistening in the morning light, rippling with every move as he walked while the towel around his waist completely outlined his impressive manhood. All around him, the maids had to stop whatever they were doing to stare, open-mouthed, blushing as he looked and smiled back at them. Each one of the handmaidens was more beautiful and attractive than the last, and wore even fancier, but less clothing than the maids doing household chores around his room. Adonis greeted them all with his charming smile, and no surprising they all started to swoon like bitches in heat.

As he walked closer and closer to Aphrodite's personal quarter, Adonis noticed a male servant, appearing to be in his mid-twenties. He was propped up against marble wall, naked with his long, flaccid penis lying in a puddle of his own semen, and looked to be in a coma after a brutal sex session. Glancing up the path leading to Aphrodite's bedchamber, he saw even more men in a similar condition, their monstrous dicks hanging and leaking semen all over themselves, with puddles of sperm pooling in their chiseled abdominals. There had to be at least two dozens of them, every skin color and ethnicity represented. Some were recovering, some seemed to be sleeping, but the rest looked gone. Their drained balls hung loosely in their scrotums that languished in pools of semen between their lifeless thighs. 

The implication was obvious. Aphrodite had fucked and drained every one of those fat cocks.

"Yes! Fuck! Give me those dicks! Fuck me with them!"

When he arrived at her bedchamber, he heard her voice, and the bouncing of her thick ass going to town with a hard cock. Opening the doors, he walked into the chamber, and saw Aphrodite in the middle of her bed, taking on five muscled, hung studs at once. The goddess of sex was in 69 position, her massive tits squeezing a big hard dick as she licked and sucked the swollen head like a lollipop. At the same time, a second stud gripped her big, round bubble butt and pounded his cock deep into her oiled-up ass from above. At the front, three men were stroking their shafts right in her face, rubbing their fat, leaking prick helmets on her lips and nose and cheeks, glazing her flawless features with their pre-cum, and took turns blowing their dick balls-deep in her throat whenever she looked up, before returning to sucking the cock she was tit-fucking. There were even more men around her, stroking their dicks and patiently waiting for their turns to come.

Then, the servant fucking her ass shuddered, moaned, and hunched over her bubble butt, burying his long dick to the balls and exploding inside her, while the rest came on her face, all while the dick between her tits pumped a huge wad up, glazing the creamy white orbs with a coating of spew that she gleefully massaged into each massive, jiggling tit. Her face soon wore a mask of sperm, and she stuck out her tongue to catch as much of that white, gooey mess as possible. For minutes they came, and Adonis watched as she drank their semen like some kind of rich wine, his fat cock growing so hard it tore out of the towel he was wearing and swung up and forward. 

Soon, the servants reached their limits and shot what was left inside their balls out before falling down around her like bowling pins, every bit of vitality expended. The one under Aphrodite also passed out, tit-fucked into submission. Adonis could only guest how many hours those five had been fucking her as Aphrodite stood up, hand reaching down to her pussy lips and moaning lustfully as long, hot creampies splattered out of her to the bed, mixing with her own honey wetness. It did not take it long for her power to kick in and make the semen on her erotic body disappear, but the entire time that happened Adonis was sure she had managed to suck up quite a lot of semen. "Like what you see?" She suddenly asked and turned her head around to look at Adonis, who was stroking his cock openly like her other conscious servants. 

"Can't say that I don't." Adonis answered with a small chuckle as she struck a pose then that was startling in its lewdness, bending at the waist, turning her neck to the side, letting her long, golden hair hang down while her tits bounced and her ass-cheeks clapped, showing off her long tongue, and her slender limbs.

"I was getting bored waiting for you to finish with my lovely Grace, and since you four looked like you were having so much fun, I also didn't want to interfere." She said as Adonis walked his way across the room and climbed onto the bed "So I decided to have some fun of my own. Wanna join?" She asked sultrily, and reached her hand out to seize his cock. Adonis answered with a small smirk, and reached out to grab her head with one hands. She cooed with anticipation as he slammed his cock into her mouth and down her throat, while his other hands went down to grope, fondle and squeeze her breast until the soft and bouncy flesh swelled out between his fingers. His hand tangled in her hair as he proceeded the fuck her throat like it was a wet pussy, smirking and groaning in bliss as she sucked and slurped around his dick. The sounds coming from her throat were music to his ears. At the same time, a waterfall of saliva and throat slime erupted from her stretched mouth and ran down her chin, soaking his cock and coating his balls, which swung and occasionally hit her neck as he plowed her.

Then suddenly, he pulled her head back and forced her to release him from her mouth. He was very close to cumming, but he did not want to do that yet. Holding her up with his hand at the back of her head, Adonis presented her in front of her servants, who were all looking at them in anticipation, every one of their straining, throbbing pillars of meat was ready to blow. "So... which one of you gentlemen want to mess up this fucking slut with me?" He asked, loud and clear, with one hand reaching out and grabbing her left breast, making the goddess of sex moan in approval. Unlike Ares, Adonis actually had no problem sharing Aphrodite with her servants, which was the reason why he was on a good term with so many of them. He had long since accepted the fact that she was too much of a slut for him to handle alone. 

"Mmm, I want all those fat cocks to fuck me up!" She also encouraged them, purring hotly as she reached down and inserted two fingers into her soaked cunt. Her servants soon closed in around the two, and soon Aphrodite was completely surrounded by walls of man-flesh, with long and tall pillars pointing straight upward. Adonis continued to knead her tit, and the hands of the other men soon followed, groping and fondling. Raising her arms above her head in a submissive stance, the men went on with their assault. Aphrodite's asshole and pussy was spread and fingered, her tits and buttocks were squished and squashed, bit and sucked. After a few minutes, she was pushed down and immediately found herself impaled on a giant cock.

Adonis picked Aphrodite up with her ass while she was still impaled on his cock, and lied down in the middle of the bed. The Goddess of sex started riding on her lover's cock, her tits bouncing as Adonis locked lips with her, kissing her passionately while he also started moving on his own and fucked her in earnest. A servant took his chance and kneeled down behind his mistress, wasting no time to slam his horse cock into her asshole, and quickly got in sync with Adonis, slamming into her fat ass as he pulled out of her twat and vice versa.

Breaking the kiss with Adonis, Aphrodite's eyes rolled back and her tongue fell limp out of her mouth as she moaned like the little whore. Another servant came at her from the front and slammed his cock into her mouth, effectively shutting her up and making her instinctively start to blow him. The rest of the servants soon followed them, and the goddess wasted no time to reach her hands out for the their cocks. With both hands in the air her large tits hung in the Adonis's face, who did not take much time to have one hard nipple in his mouth and started sucking greedily.

In the hours that followed, anyone who came to work inside or around the mistress bedchamber could watch their mistress tit-fucking, sucking and riding every one of her servants along with her lover Adonis, licking the cum and sweat from their chiseled abs and drinking their cum like it was water. She bounced on their fat cocks, taking two and three at a time in her holes and never slowing down. The remaining studs in the room were some of the best that she had, so they were able to keep up with Adonis in his quest to fuck her stupid quite easily. As time went on, the men started to get to know each other a little bit more before they started arguing over who was making her cum the most. They even had a competition to see who could fuck her asshole the longest that lasted for a whole day, with Adonis showing off with over three hours of brutal ass-pounding without cumming even once, but still he allowed the runner up to take the prize, which was an elite handmaiden who would come to his room and take care of his needs. At the same time, Aphrodite could only keep on cumming, moaning out with orgasms, purring in her sultry voice and asking for more despite being reduced to nothing but a whimpering, creampie mess.

When the sun rose over the horizon, Adonis was the only one still awake beside Aphrodite, taking a wide stance behind Aphrodite as he fucked his cock deep into her ass. His hand held her left arm tight behind her back as Adonis slammed into her asshole and railed her hard against the wall. With his other arm, Adonis looped it around her neck, choking her with the merest fraction of the might in his arm as his cock thundered in and out of her bowel. Aphrodite was clearly loving it, pushing back at him and squeezing that cock with every inch of her inner muscles. Aphrodite had already lost count of how many times she'd come now. Minutes passed, and slumped to the bed, laying on her front, as flat as she possibly could with her massive tits, and taking Adonis with her, but he did not stop pounding her like a machine, even for a second. Blissful tears ran down the blonde's face as Adonis hooked one arm around her neck and bent her body back into a bow shape, his hips bashing into her plump ass cheeks.

The Goddess of sex screamed and moaned, coming herself over and over again, both pussy and ass spasming with pleasure as Adonis continued to fuck and treat her like his personal fuck toy. Picking up the pace, he went faster and faster, utterly lost and out of control now as he battered his way inside her like some animal in heat, keeping on thundering down inside of her, feeling her ass open up for his thick cock but still grip him so tightly. Aphrodite could only wail as she felt another orgasm rip through her body, drool trickling from the corner of her mouth, tongue hanging out stupidly as Adonis grunted and groaned on top of her, feeling his own explosive release approaching. Aphrodite's ass was incredibly tight, grasping his dick like a glove several sizes too small while trying to suck him back in as soon as he tried to pull out. He almost wanted to slow down, to prolong this amazing sensation of fucking her ass, but the feeling was too much for him to handle, and Adonis was unable show any form of restraint as his cock throbbed and lurched like crazy inside her asshole. 

"Fuck, here it comes!" with that final warning, he came, unleashing a bowel-overfilling load that turned his goddess lover's gorgeous ass into a sperm mess. At that moment, Aphrodite had never looked more like a shameless cock-greedy whore, and her face bore an expression of pleasure that no other woman could have archived. Finally, with a weak moan and Adonis falling down next to her, utterly spent, the goddess passed out. Every so often, a new burst of hot spunk would explode from her ass, but from the look of it, she would not be able to wake up anytime soon.

It looked like things were done, at least for the day.

Break

Removing her bikini top, Aphrodite laid down the towel beside the swimming pool, which located in the backyard of her palace and was decorated to imitate a tropical environment, having its corners adorned with plants of various sort and sunbeds complete with beach umbrellas. There were twelve hot tubs of various levels surrounded the pool area, which was flanked on both sides by bars and stands that served various foods and drinks. The whole scene was filled with what looked like dozens of people, elite servants who were known for their otherworldly beauties and sexual prowess. Some was wearing full set of swimming wears, but the rest were totally in the nude while some handmaidens were wearing little more than thongs. 

As far as the eye could see, people were fucking. All the towels and sunbeds had a least two people on it (sans the one Aphrodite was using of course), some with women in the cowgirl position riding men's cocks, others were in the more traditional positions. Near one of the bars that overlooked the pool, some men were talking and drinking with each other while their female partner (in some cases, even male) were leisurely stoking and sucking their erect cocks. There was plenty of hot, lesbian action going on as well.

Then suddenly, the water in the swimming pool behind Aphrodite swirled in a circle, becoming a medium sized whirlpool and forcing the men and women around it to quickly back away. The water then rose into, and became a man, a very muscular and naked man with an overwhelming aura that made the women swoon like bitches in heat, and even the finest studs in the area to pale in comparison. He was tanned, had short black hair and a black beard. Standing over seven feet tall, his entire body was a mountain of diamond hard muscles, flexing and throbbing with intense power even with the smallest movements he did. It made his impressive member, even in its current flaccid state, look right at home as it hung down to his knees and was so thick around that it looked like a third muscled arm holding an swollen, bulbous orb than a normal genital. At the same time, even from the back the servants could see the swaying weight of his monstrously heavy testicles, the pair of sperm-tanks boasting with enough sperm of such volume that he could flood the entire swimming pool with nothing but his own spunk if so he chose.

Another column of water rose from the pool, and this time it materialized into a trident that was even taller than the man himself. "Lord Poseidon!" A handmaiden announced, and all servants in the area rose to their knees to bow to the God of the Sea, Storms, Earthquakes, Floods and Horses; King of Atlantis; the second oldest son of the Titans Kronos and Titaness Rhea, as well as one of the three most powerful Olympians. With his still dominant posture, Poseidon nodded his head at them, allowing the servants to raise their heads before making his way toward Aphrodite, walking on water like it was solid ground. 

The Goddess of love turned around to look at him, wearing nothing but a bikini thong. Her eyes followed the movements of his cock as it slightly bounced up and down his muscled inner thighs. Smiling sultrily, the goddess of love rose to her knees and struck a seductive pose with her hands on her thighs, tits wobbling and bouncing as she said "Poseidon, welcome to my humble palace." She said and pressed her lips against his cock when he came to stand mere inches away from her.

"This place has changed quite a bit since the last time I was here." Looking down to the goddess of love, Poseidon nodded his head, his tone deep and strong. Aphrodite continued to kiss the same spot, before she leaned forward and did the same to his ball, his semi hardening cock dappling over her shoulder and resting on her back. She then kissed her way up to his pelvis, raising his cock with her and allowing it to slide down her soft body as she slowly stood up. There was a moment when his monstrous genital fell in between her tits when she moved on to kiss his strong abs, and she made sure to push her arms around her orbs to give his cock a firm squeeze. The trident in dispersed into water and fell from his hand when Aphrodite finally came face to face with him, standing on her feet while stroking his semi hard cock between their bodies, her other hand fondling his bloated scrotum, unable to circle even half of each of his testicles. It was Poseidon who made the first move, his hands shot around to grab her ass and he leaned down to kiss her, sucking on her lower lips before tangling his tongue with hers when she offered it. Her curvaceous body melted against his muscular one as her eyes rolled back, moaning as his tongue fucked her throat like it was his cock. The real deal, meanwhile, had long since grown ultra-hard, making her hand fail to even encircle half of it. "But it's as damn nice as I remember." He said, finishing his early comment about her palace after breaking the kiss. 
