 Before I begin the story, I'd like to thank everyone for the amazing supports! All the stars you gave me and your amazing feedbacks are the inspirations I need, so keep it up! 

So far, the story has nothing but sex in it, but I will try to add a bit of plots to it. I will also try to make it longer, and add in other Pantheons like the Norse Gods to make it even more interesting.

That's it for now, have fun reading.

*****

Athena was the goddess of wisdom, law and justice, strategic warfare, mathematics, strength, strategy, the arts, crafts and skill. Due to her influence over her domains, which contributed to her powers greatly, Athena was known to be one of the most powerful daughters of Zeus, if not the most powerful there was, with her powers matched by her sister Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt, and surpassed only by the six oldest Olympians, making her a rival even to the God King's most powerful child, Apollo. However, what mortal noticed most about her nowadays was the fact that she was one of the most beautiful goddesses on Olympus, standing toe to toe with goddesses with beauty for powers like her fellow Olympian, Aphrodite, given how she was perfectly capable of attracting male attentions with her flawlessly beautiful features, hourglass figure, long black hair pulled back in a ponytail and startlingly stormy grey eyes, hiding behind a pair of tinted glasses. While on Olympus, she wore a simple but elegant white dress that went down to cover her knees and low-heeled sandals with straps wrapping around her shin, earning her great attention of the opposite sex but of course no man dared to approach her.

Athena usually spent her free time in her libraries reading books, but at the moment, she was running an errand for her father, who had called Athena to the Throne Room a moment earlier to tell her his growing concern about Poseidon after hearing rumors about his brother having a secret meeting with the elder sea god, Pontus, the primordial God of the sea that was also Aphrodite's foster father, which gave Athena all the reasons to believe that it was she who arranged this meeting for her uncle. Poseidon was the God of the sea, but he did not have complete control over the ocean, and some of the most powerful and ancient sea monsters known to the world. It was Pontus, the Father of all sea life, who had all that control. Her father might have been known as the most paranoid man in the world, but he had every reason to believe Poseidon was seeking support from the old man of the sea, to gain complete control over the sea, something he had been doing since the day he became the king of Atlantis. With Pontus at his side, Poseidon would have the most powerful army in the world, and the most powerful force of nature at his disposal, since water covered most of the Earth's surface. Zeus did not speak about it (he tried to not talk about it nowadays, when the world had become peaceful), but Athena knew he was worried that Poseidon was planning to overthrow him as Olympus and the Throne of the Ultimate Power it housed had always been what the sons of Kronos wanted the most in the world. She was on her way to Aphrodite's palace, hoping that she could meet the Goddess of love and make her tell her the reason Poseidon wanted to meet Pontus. Surely he would come to Aphrodite looking for help as she was the only one Pontus would listen to, and there were some bad issues between the two lords of the sea.

It should be noted that because she was a virgin goddess, it's okay for her to enter Aphrodite's home, a place that was greatly influenced by her powers. It was one of the two reasons why Zeus had chosen her since anyone else he sent there would have brought back to him the answer he was looking for late. The other reason being she was his most trusted advisor. She could decide whether or not Poseidon had become a threat to her father's position of power or not with her wisdom.

Aphrodite's palace stood at the very core of the innermost district of the city of Olympus, an area that was littered with sexual entertainments, night clubs, strip clubs and over a dozen porno industries, all of which owned by the Goddess of Love herself. Still, contradictory to the popular belief, her palace did not look like some Barbie dollhouse or a sex dungeon. It was a modern-looking palace that looked quite decent for a goddess of highest order like her in the modern era, appearing as one of the most visible elements in the vast area where it was located and towered over all of the buildings in the outer district. The Palace itself was surrounded by a lush garden, which at the time was being taken care of by several wood nymphs, acting as Aphrodite's gardeners. It was adorned by a large number of flowers, but most of them were roses of all kinds, Aphrodite's signature flowers that were created from her divine blood, Ichor. The garden possessed several flowerbeds and in addition, artistically arranged plants and small, tidy hedges, which had square, hollow spaces on their edges, housing beautifully decorated statues of her in various clothing and even naked. The curved paths leading from the main gate across her garden to her palace were adorned by mosaics, which consisted of a variety of small, flat rectangular stones arranged to resemble semicircles. In front of the palace sat a massive fountain, surrounded by a ground-level, round and shallow outdoor pool; water jets jutted upwards from both the fountain and the pool, with the former also housing statues of plants on its base.

"Lady Athena." A handmaiden then arrived before Athena and bowed her head low to the goddess of wisdom. "How may I be of service?"

"I want to meet Aphrodite. Is she home?" She asked as the handmaiden raised her head. She could enter Aphrodite's territory without consequences because it was said that the slut let her doors open to everyone. However, because Athena considered it unwise to trespass others' territories, and she was a goddess who took the ancient laws very seriously, she decided to let her handmaiden inform her about her arrival first, and wait out until Aphrodite had given her proper permission to walk on her ground. 

"Yes, the mistress is at home at the moment. Please wait here." With that, she turned around to leave, but instead of went into the mansion building, the handmaiden took a left turn and headed toward the back. Athena waited patiently for her to return, but still, she did not have to wait long. A minute or so later, and informed her of her mistress' decision "Mistress Aphrodite has allowed you to enter, Lady Athena. Please follow me this way." 

The Goddess of the Wisdom nodded her head and followed the handmaiden toward the back, where she could immediately see Aphrodite on a sunbed by the pool, wearing dark sunglasses and a set of slingshot bikini that went around her neck and traveled down the crack of her ass as a single string, the rest being small pieces of cloth that were barely covering her most private parts, leaving the rest bare and bounce-free. Her hair was tied up in a messy bull behind her head, while her smooth and flawless skin was glistening with a healthy sheen of oil or sunscreen. The poolside was fairly empty, but Aphrodite wasn't the only one there, as there were two handsome and muscular male standing at her side, one was holding an umbrella above her while the others were waving a feather-fan at the mistress, blowing soft and gentle winds at her. The one with the umbrella was a Caucasian male with blonde hair and blue eyes while the other was a dark skin man of African-American native. Both men were naked, their fat semi-hard cocks hung down to their knees and covered in what had to be the goddess' saliva. 

"Athena, welcome to my humble palace. If I recall correctly, then this is your first time here." Aphrodite said when Athena came to stand in front of her, but still, she remained on her sunbed "So, how can I help you today?" She asked as the handmaiden lowered her head to her before leaving. The two male servants, in turn, bowed to show respect to Athena, hands on their chest. "By any chance, you're here to request something to refresh all the stress you've built up in those boring libraries of yours? I can offer you a black..." She raised a hand and gestured to her servants "... or a white, or even both."

"That's incredibly generous of you, Aphrodite, but no thank you." The virgin goddess of wisdom said stoically, putting her hands on her hips. "Can you please tell them to put something on?"

"Tsk tsk, same old frumpy Athena, the poor virgin goddess. It's your first time at my palace, can you relax a bit? Everyone here does." Aphrodite shook her head as she leaned her chin on the back of her hand and removed her glasses. "Imagine how much wiser you could be after releasing all of those stress from your head. I always say, of all the Olympians, you and Artemis are the most desperately need to get-"

But before she could continue, Athena cut in: 

"Enough, I am not here to banter about men and sex with you. That conversation was over three thousand years ago." Athena said nonchalantly. She could see why Artemis wanted to hurt Aphrodite so much every time they met. "I am here to talk about Poseidon and your father Pontus. Are they..."

"Yes, in case you are wondering, they are having that meeting at the moment." Aphrodite waved a hand. It was her turn to interrupt Athena. "I have been waiting here all morning for Poseidon to walk out of that pool, the same way he did over a week ago, and give me that ass fuck he promised, but at this point, I don't think he will come." She said with her arms stretched above her head, sounding a bit disappointed. Still, a promise was a promise and promises between deities was not something that could be forgotten that easily. She would still get that ass fuck later.

"I see." Athena nodded her head in understanding "So do you know..."

"I'm sorry, but I have no idea. Poseidon did not tell me the exact reason he wanted to meet my father, but it appeared that he knew because it took me some hardcore convincing to make him agree to meet your uncle." Athena did not need to ask or think to know what kind of convincing that could change the mind of even a primordial god "May I ask why you want to know?" She questioned and reached her hand out to grab the cock of the servant with the umbrella. 

"It's father. He was the one who sent me here." the goddess of wisdom answered "He wanted to know whether or not Poseidon is planning to overthrow him. With your father's support, he can acquire the powers to do so easily enough."

"As paranoid as usual." The love goddess smiled as she started stroking the dick in her hand, smiling as she felt it harden under her sexual touches "It probably just something personal so tell your father he won't have to worry too much about it." A handmaiden then walked out from the building and approached the female deities, bowing her head to Athena before kneeling beside Aphrodite to whisper into her mistress' ear. Athena was able to recognize her almost immediately. She was Leda, the former Queen of ancient Sparta, and one of Aphrodite's highest-ranking handmaidens. She had been a woman with immense potentials but wasted them all when she chose the hedonistic life serving under the goddess of sex. "Oh, I see. Wait inside. I will come as soon as I am done here."

"Yes, I understand." The brunette said before standing up "Lady Athena. It's an honour to meet you." She bowed to the goddess of wisdom one more time, receiving a nod in acknowledgement from her before she turned around and left. 

"I'm sorry, but I need to leave now, my guests have arrived. Is there anything else I can help you with?" 

Aphrodite asked, turning her attention back to the goddess of wisdom, who then shook her head and said: "I believe that's it for now. However, you should expect a call from Zeus soon. I will tell him what you told me, but I am sure he will want to question you personally."

"I will. See ya." With that, Athena left, leaving Aphrodite behind with the two male servants. The goddess of love then stood up from the sunbed and removed the hairclip from her hair, letting it fall down her back before one of the servants put a robe on her shoulders and then both of them followed her back into her palace, where her guest was waiting for her.

Break

"Hot damn, Helen, you're getting better and better every time I see you...!" The mentioned woman just moaned at Apollo's praise, sending amazing vibrations up his shaft. Sitting back on one of the loveseats in the luxurious living room of the goddess of love's palace, head leaned back with his arms resting over the back, the radiantly handsome Apollo was having the time of his life as one of the most beautiful women the world had ever known lavished attention on his cock while kneeling between his legs. The moment he entered Aphrodite's palace and saw her walking around with another handmaiden who was also her mother, Apollo had requested for a full service from her and not a second wasted she had pulled down his pants and proceeded to suck on his huge cock, deep throating every inch of his massive manhood with minimal effort. 

Said woman was none other than Helen of Troy herself, the daughter of Zeus and Leda. The story of her birth started when the God King Zeus, in the form of a swan, was chased by an eagle and sought refuge with the beautiful Queen of Sparta. Over the next few weeks, Zeus was able to gain her affection, and Leda had started to have sexual intercourses with both Zeus (in both of his forms) and her husband Tyndareus, resulting in her giving birth to an egg from which Helen emerged with her brothers and sisters, with Helen being the only child of Zeus but she had also been the most beautiful. Growing up, she had become the most beautiful woman in the world and some even considered her more beautiful than Aphrodite herself. Because of that, when it was time for Helen to marry, many kings and princes from around the world came to seek her hand, even the gods themselves would bring rich gifts with them or sent emissaries to do so on their behalf but eventually it had been the one who was later known as the legendary king of Sparta, Menelaus, who became her husband. 

In the event that was known as Eris' Golden Apple, when the Nereid Thetis, was set to marry the mortal hero Peleus, all of the gods and goddesses were invited to attend with the only exception being Eris as she was the Goddess of discord. In revenge, during the wedding party, Eris tossed a Golden Apple, which was known to grant mortals immortal life and taste more delicious than even Ambrosia to the gods, into the room. She had also marked "for the fairest" on it, leading to a quarrel between three goddesses who had laid claim to the apple: Athena, Hera and Aphrodite. Because Zeus was unwilling to judge which of the goddesses should receive the apple lest he anger them, and so he sent for Hermes, instructing him to tell the first farmer he found to judge them. Hermes eventually came across a young shepherd named Paris, son of the Trojan king Priam, after which Zeus sent Athena, Hera and Aphrodite down to Paris, so he would choose which of the goddesses was "the fairest" and which one would receive the apple. Each of the goddesses tried to persuade Paris to pick them by saying that if he picked one of them, they would reward him with a gift. Hera offered him the rulership of Asia and Europe if she was chosen. Athena said she would offer to give him, his family and Troy many battle skills that would allow them to overcome their enemies in war if she was picked, and Aphrodite offered to give him the most beautiful woman in the world, who at the time was none other than Helen of Troy herself, if she was chosen.

After listening to each of their offers (before that he had had the chance to fuck the goddess of love herself on her bed in ways that would make the people of the modern era proud), it was obvious that Paris would choose Aphrodite and award her the apple, though this angered Athena and Hera, who vowed that Paris had made enemies of them. Paris then proceeded to sail to Sparta and, with Aphrodite's help, seduced and abducted Helen, incurring the wrath of Menelaus, Helen's husband, causing him to call on the support of all the former suitors of Helen and his alliances to help him wage war against Troy and thus started the famous Trojan War. 

Ten years into the conflict, Paris was killed and after the Greeks conquered Troy, Helen was found and reclaimed. It had been Menelaus who found her, and he tried to kill her for her unfaithfulness, but when he was ready to do so, Helen removed her robe and the sight of her beauty before his eyes after so many years caused him to let the sword drop from his hand. Helen returned to Sparta and lived for a time with Menelaus, where she and her husband were reconciled and had a harmonious married life, with him holding no hard feelings at her for running away with a lover and her feeling no restraint in telling anecdotes of her life with Paris. Later, Helen chose to follow her mother's footstep and became a handmaiden of Aphrodite, serving the mistress of sex for the rest of eternity.

"Wait till you see the little slut on the bed." Apollo and Helen both turned to see Aphrodite walking into the room with Leda following behind her. "You should visit this place more often Apollo, or else the next you do so the girls here will blow your mind with their new tricks," Aphrodite said as she walked up to the sun god and kissed him, allowing him to slide his tongue into her mouth for a passionate French kiss that she loved so much. After a moment, she pulled back and sat down beside him "Leda, why don't you come over here and help your daughter out. Bet that you have never had this mother-daughter combo, haven't you?" She asked while stroking his chest as Leda walked up to Helen and knelt beside her before leaning her head down to take his balls into her mouth, causing his cock to jerk inside her daughter's throat.

"Fuck!" Apollo groaned and threw his head back as Helen released his cock from her mouth, letting her mother take over. Leda then took hold of the base and lifted his cock upright, her fingers not meeting around the thick meaty tube, which pulsed in her hand, a thick stream of pre-cum leaking from the big knob at the top. The handmaiden then leaned in and licked up the side of Apollo's cock, her tongue sliding around the red helmet before Helen moved in as well, doing the same as her mother, sliding her tongue from the base of his cock up to his knob, lapping up his pre-cum before kissing her, their tongues entwining around his cock head. "God damn this is the best!" The handsome God said as he watched them make out around his prick, slurping around the knob before swapping the mixture of spit and pre-cum back and forth.

"Now that you're comfortable, let's talk business." Aphrodite said as she picked up two cups on the table, one in each hand, and allowed a maid that came forward with a vase in her hand to fill them with Nectar "The reason I call you here today is that I wish to borrow your car for a few days."

"Sorry Dite, can't do that." Apollo shook his head as he received a cup from Aphrodite, not needing time to think. Down below, his prick lurched in the handmaidens' hands, a thick stream of pre-cum spurting out from the top which they then spread down the shaft, the slick sounds of their hand-job filling the room. "You know it needs to be taken around the world every day, and I am not sure you can..."

"First, I know how to drive your sun car, and second I am not talking about it, Apollo." The Goddess interrupted, taking a drink and crossing her legs seductively as she leaned a bit on her side to face Apollo "You think I am responsible enough to drive that thing for you? Please, we both know I would burn the whole mortal world by driving your sun car too close to the ground or freeze it by driving too far up. No, I am talking about your other car, the one that you used to fuck me in with Demeter. Remember our date to L.A. last year?"
