 "Ahhhh Fuck -- fuck me! Uuuhhnnnn -- fuck me hard!"

Leaning back with a self-satisfied smile on his face, Eros was quite enjoying his day. The God of sexual desire was watching TV with one hand resting behind his head and the other tangling in the brown locks of a beautiful maid of his mansion as he guided her head while she sucked almost reverently on his cock, but his main focus was the lewd sounds coming from the room above him, Aphrodite's voice echoing from it. 

The slamming of the bed against the wall was so violent that it caused the window in his room to shake. His mother was obviously getting a pretty damn good fucking up there.

"Fuck yeah, give me that big fucking cock you fucking pussy hound!" His mother continued to scream. She usually wasn't that loud but the man she was with was obvious into screamer. 

As the Goddess of sex, she was quick to adapt to her partner and became the exact type of women that he liked. "Fuck! Cum in my pussy, baby. Uhhnnn don't worry about knocking me up. You don't... yes... have to take responsibility or whatsoever. Yes! Aaahhhh! There's so much fucking cum!"

"Told you we really should have sound-proofed that room." Eros turned his head and smiled as he saw his beautiful wife walking out of the kitchen. 

A woman who used to be worshipped for her beauty even more than his mother, Psyche was extremely gorgeous, so otherworldly beautiful that when she became a goddess she still remained mostly the same, as her beauty was already at the divine level and there was nothing left for Godhood to improve. 

All that she gained from it was a pair of wings like butterflies, which she kept hidden from the human eyes most of the time, and a few inches in height, becoming only a bit shorter than he was at six foot five. Her skin was tanned from doing all the tasks she had to do to prove herself to his mother, and her hair was also a darker shade of blonde. 

At the moment, she was wearing a short sleeves button-down shirt and a black skirt with white accents. "Who's she with this time?" Psyche asked and sat down on the couch beside her husband, not minding that one of the maids working for them was sucking his cock. 

"Some dude she met at the local bar last night" Eros answered, having seen him entering their home with Aphrodite late at night "Also, it's not that bad, is it?" He then asked and when it finally became quiet, Eros smiled at his wife and continued "See?"

"Yes, let's wait till she brings an entire football team back like the last time she was here." Psyche said as she put a hand on her cheek "I mean, I don't mind having mother here with us. It's just that I don't like to see her bringing strange men back to our house, and letting them bother our maids." 

She then looked at her husband, who was stroking the head of the maid whose face was buried in his crotch, and asked: "So has she told you the reason she's here?"

"I'm here because I want Eros to knock me with his own siblings, is that reason good enough for you?" Eros looked up and smiled as he saw his mother, who came walking down the stairs wearing nothing but a thin robe that she hadn't even bothered to tie up. 

"Mother, I..."

"Don't worry, little butterfly. I am only teasing you." Aphrodite smiled and shook her head at Psyche, who had gotten a bit worried. Putting one hand on her hip and a finger under her chin, she continued "Though, that doesn't sound like a bad idea at all. I have always wanted to know what the child of two deities of sex will look like. Wanna personally put your brother or sister inside me now, Eros?" 

Asking that, she then moved over the table to come standing in front of her son and started striking various sexy poses in front of him with her hands holding her tits up, making Eros laugh in excitement. Psyche looked at the maid and nodded her head to her, telling her that it was time for her to leave. 

Pulling back from Eros' cock, the maid stood up and bowed her head to the three deities before taking her leave, going back to whatever she was doing before she was called to service her master with her amazing oral skills.

"Come mother. Let's see if I can knock you up this time." Eros told her while waving his cock around, and Aphrodite allowed her robe to fall down her voluptuous body into a heap on the floor before bouncing her way onto the couch with her son, straddling his lap and impaling her cunt onto his cock. 

Eros moaned in bliss before he reached out to grab her ass with both hands and pulled her down until her backside was rest firmly on his churning balls, his knob piercing through her cervix and entering her womb. "So, how's our man up there? Is he still alive?"

"I didn't check when he passed out, but I think he will live. I didn't push him too hard, did I?" Aphrodite asked, acting like she was thinking hard but in actuality, she was deciding the best way to ride her son until he blasted another massive load into her womb, in front of his wife, who she knew wasn't quite as good as pleasing Eros as her, or even the maids in the house. 

She loved her husband dearly, but her lack of confidence was something that had been keeping her from giving Eros the thing he loved the most, a good fuck. He was also the God of sexual desire and erotic love, so no normal sex could please him as well as one that she could have from his own mother. "I'm hitting the strip club tonight. Which one of you want to come with me?" She asked, looking at both her son and his wife as she continued to ride his dick, rising her ass up and slamming it down his thighs while her boobs bounced and shook in front of his face.

"I... don't think that's a place for me, mother."

"I will come with you mom, but only if you sign up to be a stripper." Eros spoke to his mother, causing her to smile down massively at him "Been a while since I have seen you stripping. Let's see how many nuts you will be busting tonight." 

"That's my boy. This is why I love you so fucking much Eros." Aphrodite said as she threw her arms around his neck and leaned forward with her boobs mashing against his chest as their lips met in a hot and lewd kiss. Aphrodite kissed her son with a passion his wife could never equal, her erotic form seemed to melt into his as her booty continued to ride his cock. 

The entire time, Psyche watched (and learned) in amazement as Aphrodite furiously rode her husband's dick while sucking on his tongue like it was a delicious piece of sweet, eyes rolling back as she moaned in orgasmic delight. 

As he broke the kiss, Eros reached his hands down and palmed her ass, feeling it swelling out between his fingers as he squeezed and used them to lift her up and down his prick even faster than she could move her hips, not showing her any kind of mercy to his slutty mother as her ass smashed against his balls. 

When he started to move his hips too, putting his face in the crook of her neck to kissing and sucking at the soft flesh there, the pleasure started to dull Aphrodite's mind. It was clear from how stiff his cock was getting inside her, and how tight his balls were clenching, that Eros' orgasm was nearly upon him. 

Eventually, the god of sex came with a deep muffled roar, and Aphrodite fucking loved every second of it, her hips starting to move faster as she rode him while he came inside her. Eros finally plunged his face between her tits, motorboating them with great enthusiasm before he moved on to suck at her nipples and every bit of sheer tit-flesh he could cram in his mouth, though with his mother there was a lot of square footage to cover. 

Once he had finished cumming, Aphrodite gave her son a wet kiss and then stood up from him, smiling as she looked at his still rock hard cock and wondered if he would let her suck it next. However, for the time being, she had something else in mind, and that involved the woman who sat next to them the entire time but had moved on to watch TV, surfing through several channels hosted by the deities of the immortal world, instead of continuing to watch them fuck.

"Psyche, why don't you be a dear and suck your husband's cum out of my cunt for me?" She said and put one foot on the couch to show the Goddess of human soul her full pussy, which was overflowing with the semen of her son. Seeing her chance to please her mother in law, Psyche nodded her head and got on her knees before Aphrodite, pressing her mouth against her cunt lips with her hands firmly grabbing Aphrodite's amazing butt. 

With that, she started the labouring task of cleaning Aphrodite's cunt, using her tongue to scoop up as much of her husband's semen from it as possible before swallowing, moaning at the taste of his seeds mixed with the love goddess' juice "Good. You're amazing at this. Hmm... should have become my handmaiden instead." Aphrodite said while kneading her own tits. It's not the first time Psyche had to do something like that to her mother in law, so she knew very well what she had to do.

"She's mine mom, and I don't like sharing her with anyone." Eros said, smashing his mother's butt.

"But you always share me with your brothers and all the studs we know. What's the deal?" Aphrodite asked innocently, making Eros shake his hand and wave his hand at her in defeat. It seemed he still could not win an argument with his mother.

Break

Even though it was only five in the afternoon, the entrance to the strip club was already crowded with people, mostly men who were looking for a good time with the strippers. However, Eros, being a VIP regular of the club, was allowed immediate entrance and got both him and his mother into the club without needing to wait for their turn. 

Walking in, Aphrodite was instantly hit with loud and booming music, and greeted with the arousing sight of half-naked or even fully naked strippers dancing in front of their customers, giving them a show most men would kill for. At the same time, one could see many waitresses walking about and serving drink ordered from the bar, each one of them cladded in an alluring uniform that did not cover much, ready to serve their customers in all forms of debauchery when needed. 

Overall, the main hall of the strip club was labyrinthine of chairs, sofas, couches, tables and finally, stripping stages. It also had random doors branching off into VIP rooms that were hidden behind silken curtains, an area for those who were willing to pay extra money to enter with their chosen strippers, who would do anything for them from that point.

"Sir Eros." She heard a voice over the music and turned around to see a man walking toward them with a smile on his face. He was tall and rather handsome, appearing to be in his mid-twenties with fair skin, green eyes, messy black hair and a musculature that was hard but lean, like a bronze statue of a professional athlete. 

For clothing, he wore an elegant dark suit, with the jacket left unbuttoned and the loose pants held up by a light-coloured belt, over a lighter shirt with a dark-coloured tie with her symbol around the neck, plus dark shoes. Having her own strip clubs on Olympus, Aphrodite did not need to ask to know that he was the manager of the club "Welcome back. How can I help you today? Shall I call Jessica over to you?" He said in a friendly manner as he shook hand with Eros.

"Nah, that won't be necessary today Jonathan. Let me introduce you to a very special person of mine," Eros said as he put a hand on his mother's shoulder, who was standing next to him with her hands inside the pocket of the heavy trench coat that covered her body from neck to knees she was wearing "This is my mother, April, and she wishes to do some stripping here tonight." 

Jonathan looked at Aphrodite in surprise but he seemed unimpressed, mostly because Aphrodite was keeping her face hidden behind a pair of oversized sunglasses, something that she had to wear to avoid unnecessary attention on her way into the club.

"Hmmm, it's nice to meet you ma'am, but I really don't think..." But his word died in his throat when Aphrodite took off her sunglasses and show him how incredibly beautiful she really was, smiling up at him with a smile that caused his heart to stop beating for a second. 

However, she did not stop there and started to undo the buttons of her coat before grabbing the labels and pulling them to the side, showing him that she wore nothing but a pair of fuck me heels on her feet. Jonathan's jaw dropped as he eyed her voluptuous body, his cock became rock hard within a couple of seconds before blowing a load all over the inside of his pants. 

This woman... no this goddess of sex before him had a body that was so goddamn erotic that he actually orgasmed just by looking at it.

"So, sir, am I qualified to perform in your club tonight, or do I have to show you how good I can dance and strip too?" Aphrodite asked innocently as she closed her coat, covering her body before anyone else could see it. She did not want to ruin the surprise to those who were already in the club.

"I-it won't be a problem, ma'am. You're perfect." Jonathan stuttered, unable to remove the image of her naked body from his mind. "Please follow me this way, I will take you to the changing room."

"Lead the way and please, call me April." Aphrodite said and then followed Jonathan to the back, but not before smiling and waving her hand with her son. Eros then walked over to a sofa that was close to the main stage, swiping a topless stripper on the way and allowing her to sit close to him as he sat down on the sofa after taking a glass of wine from one of the waitresses. 

Stroking his chest, the stripper purred something into his ear, obviously about how handsome he was and large his cock was even while it's still somewhat soft, but his focus was on the curtains at the back of the main stage. 

He didn't have to wait long, as his mother came walking out from behind the curtains at the same time her music started with a bounce in her step and a seductive sway in her hips, dressing like a classic slutty school-girl with two blonde ponytails on the sides of her head. Her white blouse was tied into a knot below her massive tits as the top exposed a generous amount of cleavage. Her black and red checked skirt only an inch away from being obscene, reaching just a millimetre below her mid-thighs while the thin waist-string of her scandalous underwear was riding up around her waist, giving her the slutty appearance of a girl who went to school just to get fucked by her classmates and teachers. 

It was at that moment the entire club went silent before moans and cries of pleasure were heard. Several men and even women came from just seeing Aphrodite entering and watching her walking to the stripper pole in the middle of the club, cheekily giving them a view of her round bubble butt and small G-string under her checked skirt. 

Then when she blew a kiss and winked at the crowd while her body was moving in tune in tune to the high energy music, it's obvious that Eros was the only man who hadn't lost his fucking mind to her. 

One hand grabbing the pole like it was a long penis, Aphrodite started dancing for real to the music, her hair swaying mesmerizing around her as she lowered down to her knees and then raised back up to her feet, her other hand moving around her own slutty body. 

As money started to fly around her like rain, Eros took out a small golden coin from his pocket, and flicked it onto the stage next to his mother, who smiled and reached her hand for the knot of her blouse before pulling it to the side and revealing to the crowd a black spaghetti strap bra that's little more than a few strings connecting to a pair of pasties. Her massive tits started to bounce and shook in time with her movements, showing the men below that they were not at all fake like some women's in the club. 

Aphrodite began to dance like she was in a trance, shaking her chest and rolling her hips sexually as she swung around the stripper pole while performing tricks most women couldn't.

As the men cheered and demanded her to show them more with their money and lustful cries, Aphrodite did not disappoint. 

She turned her ass around, bent over and twerked it as she slowly lifted her skirt up, showing them all her ass before removing her skirt and letting it fall down the floor beneath her. She smiled and took both ass cheeks in her hands, taking them around for a spin before she turned around and slid down the pole behind her, throwing her feet wide apart before crossing them over and undoing her G-string too, her action caused the crowd to go wild. 

She then stood up and took her bra off as well, leaving herself in nothing but a pair of fuck me heels in front of the crowd that had thrown so much money to her Eros didn't think they had anything left in their pockets for the other strippers. 

His mother was giving him and the crowd a wonderful treat on the main stage, making them cheer and holler at the sight of her naked ass, her breasts jiggling and bouncing with every movement as she paraded them around the pole. She then took a swing around the pole before landing on her feet and starting to grind her crotch against it, making her audience salivate while imagining her doing the same thing to them.

"What a show!" Eros chuckled as the song ended and Aphrodite smiled at the crowd, blowing a kiss to them before returning to the backstage. 

The crowd was silent for several seconds before every man in the club exploded and started demanding for more, screaming at anyone who was near them that they wanted more from Aphrodite. 

Jonathan, who had returned and sat at the bar to watch the show, was their main target and he had no choice but to explain to them that the new stripper was only a one time deal, and they probably wouldn't see her again. Obviously, his customers were having none of it and started throwing questions at him. 

Shaking his head while smirking at them, Eros tipped the stripper on his lap a few hundred bucks before standing up and walking his way to the backstage with both hands in his pockets just as Aphrodite left the changing room with nothing but her trench coat covering her nude body. She waved her hand and smiled at the women in there before closing the door and turning around to face him, the smile on her face widened when she saw that it was her son who was standing in front of her. 

"That was a damn good show mom. You're so fucking hot in that outfit." He praised.

"Aw, thank you. Your mommy has been practicing, you know." The Goddess smiled at Eros, her hands holding the labels of her trench coat "Want me to give you a private dance? How about the two of us hit a VIP booth next?"

"Sure, whatever you want mom." Eros said and followed his mother to one of the VIP booths near them, closing the curtain around them to have some much-needed privacy. 

Usually, both mother and son wouldn't mind letting other people see them, but they wanted to have some time for themselves first. The booth wasn't very spacious at all much to Aphrodite's disappointment, but she wasn't expecting much from a local strip club. 

Still, It did give a warm and cozy feeling with the naughty pink light and the slow music that was being played. The booth had couches arranged in a circular formation around the stripper pole in the middle, and a table with some bottles of oil on it, something that Aphrodite definitely wanted to use. 

"Just us now." Eros said as he took off his shirt and sat down on the couch in the middle, smiling as he leaned back and threw one arm on the backrest. "It's time to show me what you got, slut. Start dancing." 

Eros actually sounded a bit bossy when he said that but Aphrodite didn't mind. She loved it when her son called her slut and treated her like she was one, so she didn't waste any more time to let the coat fall from her voluptuous body, the same way her robe did earlier this morning. 
