 This is the sequel to 'Goddesses', and it is recommended, though not essential, that that story be read first. It is also recommended that the entire 'Secret Lives' series be read before that.

With that out of the way please enjoy the story.

Chapter 1

Eva raised her arms over her head and clapped. "Okay everyone, sun's down. There's literally nothing left to do here; you should go home."

There was a quiet murmur from her workers. The most dedicated ones, a dozen or so, had remained after hours at the little orchard, either finding things to do or just standing around to chat and admire their work. They began to file down the rows of bushes towards the exit, pulling their gloves off their arms as they went.

She walked outside of and against the various rows of their alien plant and continued to call out to any more distantly placed workers. "Thank you, Danny. Good work today, Alice." By the light of the rising moons she saw the smiles of pride on their faces. She felt the same.

It was going to be an amazing harvest; probably their best ever. The moonberries looked more like moon-melons, so extraordinarily plump and ripe were they. A month and a half earlier the moons had both been full, and so it would have been a slightly early harvest of average quality, but Eva had taken a gamble and decided they'd wait for the next pair of full moons. An unseasonably warm autumn had been their blessing, for in the time between then and that special night the alien fruit had grown to a size and ripeness like none they'd ever seen before. They were literally bursting with fragrant potent juice, in fact more than once workers had to be rushed to the showers when a burst fruit had covered them in toxic pulp.

With the two full moons finally climbing overhead it was their last night to hang from vine, and at the crack of dawn what had been the most beautiful bounty Eva and her workers had ever seen would be picked from the marshy orchard and sent for processing.

She watched the distant glow of the last of her workers lifting away from the orchard in a vehicle, to hurtle back to the mainland – a place where purple alien plants could no longer grow. With a calm sigh she turned back to her plants and took a deep breath, feeling pride for what she'd created, then headed toward her own vehicle.

Instead of the clamshell door over her driver's seat she opened the trunk and pulled out a bottle, a vintage from a couple years before. As she looked down upon it she mentally accessed her Network Chip, making sure no one else was still present on her land.

She was alone. She uncorked it and took a swig. It wasn't bad at all, though as soon as her current harvest was ready the standards of excellence in moonberry wine would surely be rewritten. She tasted the sweet bitterness and felt the tingle of her first sip, and a beginning spark of electricity began in her nerves. She wasn't about to go home. Now completely alone, she wanted to enjoy one last stroll through her orchard before the harvest. Aided by the bottle in her hand, a night of moon-madness was about to begin.

She released a little giggle of building joy as she broke into a run toward the rising silvery satellites, which were climbing higher over the darkened rows of moonberry, her arm with bottle in hand primly pushing the wild bounces of her own twin spheres against her chest. The vineyard was becoming bathed in soft cool light. She slowed to a walk once within the enclosing shoulder-high walls of the rows of vines and tilted the bottle up, taking a deep sip.

The nocturnal light shone off the fruit, and to her eye it seemed to sparkle. The visual distortions were beginning to take hold, and with them came excitement and euphoria. The geometry of the long, straight row of vines attracted her eye, and it seemed to be growing longer, as if she would need her vehicle to fly her to the other side.

"All this is mine. I created this. My hard work, my stumbles and sacrifices."

It wasn't just the vineyard that was hers. Most would say that the world itself was also her domain, for it was accepted among the three nations of the planet that she, Eva Dennis, was the one who had put the pieces in motion for goddess and human alike to find new lives away from Earth. For that, the planet had been named after her. 

All that hadn't come easy; there had been political tension and eventually upheavals between the two goddess nations – Eva Australis in the south and Lemuria to the north – before they had come to agree upon the official story and name of their world. She had played a role in resolving that, too, merely by showing up, for during a two hundred year absence spent asleep on top of a frozen mountain on Earth, then in stasis in a decompressed space barge, her name had become the stuff of legend. Awakening in a strange new world, she was living proof of all the legends, and with proof came unity.

Those accomplishments were rarely ever intentional. Ever since her early adulthood on Earth she'd found herself in a sequence of situations where her actions, however small, had set forces of great change in motion. 

One thing that she had done, with full knowledge and control of what would result, was the creation of that vineyard. And that spectacular harvest. 

With a woop of glee she tilted the bottle up again and drank deep, and the purple liquor splashed against her chin and trickled down her neck, into the cleave of her breast. Staining her clothes. "Huh!" She was alone, and feeling free. There was no need for clothing anyway. She put the bottle down and began to peel out of her stretchy leggings and white t-shirt. She breathed a sigh of relief as her soft shaft unbonded itself from her thigh to swing freely, and rubbed her aching breasts once they were released from the containment of her sports bra. 

The marshy soil was wet beneath her bare feet. With the bottle in hand she hopped, she skipped, she ran and she spun, laughing to herself as her mind wrapped itself tighter within its glowing violet blanket of moonberry induced joy. When she'd reach the end of a row she would turn around a bush, preferring to run once more down the next row than to walk into the marshy puddles and wild growth of Eva's wilderness. She was quite a sight – a tall, slender goddess of exceptional beauty and blessing, her naked and incredibly well endowed body glowing pale in the light of the moons as she stumbled about in a giggling state of rapture.

Her pace slowed, and with a soft chuckle she ran a hand through her shoulder length black and violet streaked hair to look down at her growing arousal, which had become heavy and was pendulously tapping against her legs, just above her knees. "That didn't take long." Moonberry wasn't just a euphoriant, nor just a hallucinogen. To goddesses it was also a powerful aphrodisiac, and for that reason it was customary to drink it with a partner. 

Eva, somewhat of a loner, was occasionally content to drink alone. It was one of those times, though in her mind she didn't feel like she was the only one there. She had her harvest, and the planet itself, as her partner that night. 

It was getting harder. To ease the slight pain of it pivoting stiffly against her groin she had to slow her pace, and her giggles grew lower and more languorous as it began to rise and sway with each hip rocking, breast jostling step. Soon it was fully up, throbbing and ceasing to swing at an incredible sixteen inches. In that state it couldn't possibly be ignored, and with just the slightest feeling of shame she placed a slender hand on it and began to slowly slide it to and away from herself, taking her time with it as she continued to walk. She headed towards the end of the row, for if she were to play with herself she would at least do so away from the plants.

"Ow!" As she'd reached the end of the row she stepped on something sharp, a gardening tool of some sort. She brought her foot up and grabbed her ankle, tilting the sole toward herself, and saw her blood, almost blackish in the moonlight, dripping from the small wound. A dark ruby jewel fell from her pierced skin to land in the soil beneath her. "Fuck..." 

When she set that foot back down she had to hobble on her tippy toes. She paid no mind, preferring still to focus on the growing pleasure of her hand making the long repeat journey up and down her tense shaft. Her balance failed her and she fell to the ground, just beyond the edge of her vineyard. She laughed, and was content to lie there on her side as her strokes quickened. She set her bottle of moonberry aside so her other hand could join the first, pointing her cock upwards parallel with her chest. "Mmm..." 

Her hips started to move with her motions, as if she were slowly making love to her hands. Translucent pre had begun to drip from the tip, drizzling sideways onto the earth beneath her. In her moonberry enhanced state it seemed to glow violet. She didn't have to bend very far forward to lick some of the hot fluid away from the tight, throbbing head. As her own flavour coated her tongue she reached for her bottle and washed it down with a deep sip, then set that down again and began to massage the ever flowing fluid into her turgid flesh.

Soon the glowing pre had entirely coated her, and her hands were slipping up and down her shaft with ease and speed. Adding twists of her wrists to her movements, she gave a slight groan of enjoyment before tucking the end of her cock into her mouth.

Her eyes rolled back with pleasure as she stroked and massaged, feeling the building pressure of release coming. Deep into her moonberry delirium, the sensation was thrilling. Her flow of precum had increased to occasional throbbing spurts, which she drank down messily. She could feel it dripping hot off her cheek onto the soil.

"Guh... oooh...!" It was coming! She pointed her steel-hardened cannon away from herself and with broad shakes of her abdomen thrust herself in and out of her tight, slippery grip. Her throbs were growing faster. Everything now seemed to glow.

"Ahhh! Haha, ha, oh god, yes!" She blasted the first long rope of burning violet into the wild growth of the marsh. In a state of complete rapture she continued to wring her hands up and down her cock, sending more and more repeat shots of goddess seed away and onto the alien soil with wet splashes and patters. What would have appeared creamy white to sober eyes was like a growing pile of brilliant purple energy to Eva's. Thrilled, she continued to milk her climax out, feeling pride for the extent of the mess was she creating.

When finally she'd finished she gave a cry of joy and rolled onto her back. As her throbbing endowment shuddered and drooled its remnants between her breasts she lifted them and massaged it into their oversized, bouncy spherical softness. Her back arched, pushing her body sensually upwards toward the moons overhead as they blessed her sensual beauty with cool light.

Eventually she rose off her side to sit and admire her mess. She was a little ashamed, but more amused at the big surprise she'd be leaving for her workers when they arrived the next morning. Her hand returned to her shaft to trail up and down her hardness, which under the influence of moonberry would easily stay with her for hours and provide several more enormous loads. 

FFFFFF...

There was a strange, wet hissing noise coming from her mess. "What?" She looked more intently at it, and it seemed to be shrinking, as if it were draining away. On hands and knees she crawled a couple more feet closer, away from her orchard and toward the wilderness, to kneel before it.

The soil was sucking it in, drinking it up. She blinked, wondering if what she saw was merely a product of her hallucinations. Eventually it had all been absorbed, leaving nary a trace, and purple vapour seemed to rise from where it had lain. "What in the..." She patted at the soil. It was warm, but there was no sign of what she'd done.

Suddenly the ground opened! Purple tendrils and vines surged out of the earth and reached for her. With a yelp of shock she staggered backward, but they were quick and deliberate. Though beginning thin they grew wider as they continued to rise from the soil, revealing themselves to be like some sort of bizarre botanical tentacles. They wrapped themselves around her arms, her legs, her torso, and with unassailable power pulled her towards their point of origin. The soil parted wider. "Fuck! No, what is this?! No!"

They dragged her into the alien soil, and it swallowed her up. Her screams faded. The night became silent, save for the wind rustling the moonlit vines of the orchard.

Chapter 2

Hello.

Hello? Where am I? What is this?

You are within me.

Eva was aware of her surroundings, though her point of view wasn't connected to any pair of eyes. She was bodiless, and surrounded by nothing but white light.

Uh huh? And where is that?

You are not of this environment. You are from somewhere else, completely unlike anything I've known.

Hmm... sure.

You are another consciousness. You are more intricate, more beautiful than anything I have seen. I am in awe.

Eva thought the voice that spoke to her was familiar, but she couldn't quite put her finger on who it might have belonged to. Who are you?

I am the world, nameless. And you... you are named Eva.

It then dawned on Eva where she recognized the voice from – it was her own, though it seemed detached from her, just as it would when listening to herself speak on a recording. The entity that spoke to her and had put her in that featureless white void had chosen to use her own voice to speak to her.

Where is my body?

Do you wish to inhabit your corporeal form, here?

Yes.

Eva was suddenly standing on her two feet. She held out her arms and looked her naked self over, looking for any signs of harm after her harrowing encounter with the alien vines. She was in perfect condition. "Okay, that's an improvement. What about you? Can I see who I'm speaking to?"

Of course.

Suddenly there was ground beneath Eva's feet. It was the wild, moist soil and purple and maroon grass and shrubs of the planet. "Okay, but... okay? What does this mean?"

You still don't understand. Perhaps I should take a form more familiar to you, something you know. To do so might please me, as well.

Before Eva could even reply a figure was standing before her. It was a double of herself, a tall and beautiful goddess in the nude, though there were some very bold differences. The twin of Eva's skin was pale pinkish purple, with whisps and veins of darker purple streaking and swirling across her flesh like grey on white marble. As it looked at her it smiled and stepped forward, and its distinctly sexualized body swayed and bounced with its movement, just as she had seen her own so many times in the mirror. Seeing an image of herself moving under its own will, not a reflection, Eva saw the primal beauty so many others saw in her.

"You are most beautiful. I am in awe." It reached to Eva and ran its finger tips across her midriff. Startled, she stepped back. "And I feel grateful to have borrowed your form. It seems to be one built to create pleasure. One that is exceptional in its reproductive role. Taking it was a very good idea."

"What... what are..." Eva's duplicate was smiling in loving warmth as it stepped closer. In doing so her long purple endowment swung heavily and tapped against her leg, and Eva looked down to see it quickly growing and filling out. She was surprised to realize her own was doing the exact same, and with it came a feeling of desire, of pleasure in the presence of the strange being. "Ahh...!" It was like the most powerful moonberry high had seized her and filled her with love and arousal.

With its body turned slightly to allow its rising endowment to project out past Eva's hip it laid itself breast to breast with her. At the feel of its breath against her lips she forgave the strangeness of their situation and surrendered to the being, and she and it kissed with sudden urgency.

"Mmm..." In unison they backed their hips away from each other, not breaking the heated contact of their lips, to swing their twin shafts into the space between their bodies. They then, with those hardened weapons pinned between their torsos, were able to properly embrace with a deepened, unguarded passion.

"Oh my god. This is so strange. Incredible."

"I enjoy this form. I feel such pleasurable sensations. There are so many things I'd like us to do." The being's hands trailed up from Eva's hips, into and beyond the slender thinning of her waist until they were able to cup the sides of her breasts. As it gave them a tentative, loving squeeze Eva groaned with desire, her back arching sensually, causing their shafts to rub and consequently throb against each other.

As it continued to fondle and love her very large, rounded beauties Eva's hands began to slide up and down its enormous violet shaft.

"Mmm! I do like that... very much."

Eva giggled softly. "Of course you do." She looked down to the bulbous, tense head that capped it, and after a moment to consider the strangeness of her situation bent slightly forward to have it against her lips, which kissed softly before parting to envelop its heat.

"Ohh! A divine sensation!"

Eva looked up to it and chuckled at its reaction. Yes, divine sensations were indeed what her cock could produce. She returned her mouth to the end of it and let her tongue play across it while firmly stroking and twisting with both hands. Her purple skinned double twitched and moaned before regaining some composure.

"You enjoy doing this as well, Eva. It pleases you to pleasure my organ."

"Mhmm."

"I... I can better arrange for that, then." The being gently set her hand on the end of Eva's cock and cupped the head. It began to push downward. When Eva felt no resistance against that push she had to stop and watch in confusion.

"Don't be afraid."

"My... what are you doing?" 

The being's hand drifted lower and lower still, as what had once been an incredibly long cock shrunk down and painlessly retreated into Eva's body. She felt at the same time changes within herself, as if something were opening up inside of her to replace that which was being so quickly and effortlessly diminished. Eva was becoming fully female.

"How can you... this isn't possible?"

"This is no physical world. It is a place within me, of my creation. Whatever we please is possible." The being's hand was soon resting against the space where her cock and balls had once been. It let a finger hook up, and Eva gasped as she felt it enter her. 

"Oh... my god..." Eva's head fell back, and as she experienced the new sensations of her female anatomy she seemed to forget everything else. Her hands became still and settled at the base of the being's shaft as she shut her eyes and lowly moaned, grinding against its open hand.

It pulled its arm away and stepped back, causing many tense inches to slip through Eva's slackened grasp. She opened her eyes to see it getting onto its knees, its cock's stiff bounces and lengthy sways commanding her to approach. It laid itself back on the purple alien grass. As she looked down upon it she began to understand what it was: that being, the grass below it and the soil the grass grew from were all one organism. The creature who imitated her form was from the planet itself, stemming from its soul and consciousness.

Eva dropped to her hands and knees and approached. The being giggled softly as she placed her pale hands at the base of its purple shaft and slowly brought them up, guiding the end toward her mouth. As she did her best to envelop the tip her tongue played over delicate yet hardened skin before she let her lips wetly trail downward. It was just so incredibly long, so heated with power, and though that was a fact she'd been well aware of since her teenage years it felt different to be presented with it as a true woman. She was awed by it, and felt a growing, aching desire for it to fill the new space within her.
