 Chapter 19

I'd just like you to know that a warrant was nearly put out for your arrest.

Up to her breast in hot water and from there up covered in luxurious foam, Eva had been in a state of intense relaxation. Her brow crooked as she processed those words. "Uhm, what? Why?"

The authorities have received reports that you've set foot on the human colony of Mu.

"Fucking... you could have at least started with a 'hello', Melissa." Eva sat up. "Do you realize I was having a very nice bath, until you broke this news to me? I was feeling very good. And now this... what even is this? Mu? I've never been there. No one has for years."

Well according to them, you have.

"Well they're quite mistaken. And how would that even be grounds for an arrest, if I had?"

There are allegations of relations with a human girl.

Eva flopped back against the bathtub. She rubbed her eyes. "Noooo way."

Way. They have video footage and everything, which they brought to us and the Lemurians as well. And everyone who saw it said that it was the famous Eva Dennis, unmistakeably, shown with the human girl.

"To go to Mu, one of theirs. That's a serious crime. That is like the worst thing a goddess could do, at least according to them. And... and it sure as hell wasn't me."

I know. You don't even like humans, right? I said the warrant was 'nearly' put out. We told the cops you've never been to Mu, and everyone is corroborating this. Us, your people at your vineyard, we're all saying and proving that you'd never left Eva Australis for the period in question. In fact there is no evidence of any travel nexuses whatsoever heading there for years.

"Okay. So I'm not in trouble."

Right. The footage is an open case, but for now you're off the hook. There was an uneasy pause. Maybe you have an evil twin or an imitating impostor out there. It's weird.

"Could you show me this footage?" Fears that another scandal was about unfold to entered Eva's mind. "Has anyone seen it?"

No, I don't have it. I haven't seen it either. It's not available to the public. Only the cops have it.

"Ugh, really?" She sat back again in the tub. "I really need to see this. Oh, fine. Thanks and goodbye, Melissa." 

***

Eva hated having to use her influence to get what she wished. She preferred to live as any other goddess in the city of Evita would, even though for her it was as one with great fame and an incredible amount of wealth at her disposal. Being the most famous person on the planet, a once mythical figure after whom the purple world had been named, definitely had its benefits. Being one of the daughters of the clever goddess who ruled that world's greatest nation did as well. 

She preferred not to take advantage of those benefits, yet there were times when it had to be so. Days after receiving the strange news of sightings of herself doing forbidden things far North, she found herself sitting in a private projector room in Evita's police headquarters. The police chief himself was there with her, trying to get the primitive media system the humans of Mu had provided to interface with their projector. 

He'd assured her that he and the rest of the police force believed her alibi, and they were on her side in finding out who or what seemed to be impersonating her in the video.

"There's some trick to getting the raw analog signal from this thing... Ah, I think this is it. Oh, this is so old fashioned." 

She quietly traced her fingers around the edge of a hot cup of coffee as she watched and waited. The chief of police was on his knees, squinting at the gold tipped end of a cable which was attached to the provided media player. Cables, to move data? She hadn't seen that since her days on Earth! To watch him kneeling over the equipment as it sat on the floor was most unbecoming of a man of his rank. He eventually found where it plugged into another little box, a makeshift converter which would transmit the signal to their projector.

"Okay. There it is. And... and now here's our video." The chief stood up and slid his hands into his pockets, and he stood perfectly still, not betraying a single hint of discomfort at the scene unfolding before them. 

The image was clear enough, and there was no mistaking what Eva saw. The goddess in the video had to be her. Every aspect of her body, her face, was the exact same. The only minor difference was her black hair lacked the purple streaks she liked to add to her own. Her shoulders tightened, and she tried not to show any embarrassment.

Stranger still was the girl beneath her. If she wasn't actually the goddess in that video, why did she feel like she recognized that girl? She'd seen her somewhere before. "Can you replay it? In fact, just put it on loop."

The police chief sighed, and his knees cracked as he got back down upon them to fiddle with the given device. "Of course, Eva. One moment..."

There was only a brief moment in the film where the girl's face was visible, but it was enough for Eva to be sure that she'd seen the girl somewhere else. Somewhere... unreal.

She'd seen that girl, been with her in fact, on more than one occasion. Those occasions had been her own dreams. And in those dreams, she wasn't ever Eva. She was... someone who looked exactly like her, but was named Gaia. Gaia apparently had a thing for human girls, which Eva in her waking life did not. "A-leh... Alessia," she whispered. 

It was all incredibly bizarre and there was nothing the police chief would be able to do to explain it.

"Can I have a copy of this?"

"I'm afraid not," he said. "That'd go against our policies. And we wouldn't want to risk the footage getting loose, to reach the public, you see..."

"Okay, that's fine. I've probably seen enough anyway. Thank you for sharing this with me."

"Of course. Anything you want, just ask us. We're at your service."

Eva nodded and stood up. She took a final sip from her cup, set it down and then left the police chief's office.

Seeing her leave, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Chapter 20

Far to the north a man sat in another office with two of his colleagues, a woman and an older gentleman, at the other side of his desk. He sipped his cup of coffee as he flicked away a window in his tablet, then opened up his next document.

"Now on to the subject of this young girl we've been monitoring. Hardly the type we normally keep around here. What did you say her issue was?"

"Prolonged exposure to a goddess, sir," Alessia's behavioural counselor said. She passed her own tablet to the head psychiatrist, who leaned forward in his chair to squint down at her report. 

"Thank you Pam. Hmm. That is a serious issue... in fact I'm quite shocked we're still having this problem in Mu. And after two weeks you're reporting improvement with her, this Alessia Greco?"

"That's right. Other than the fact that well, being kept here for the past two weeks has affected her mood, I didn't detect any anomalies in her behaviour."

"You deem her fit to return to her little town, out by the fringe?"

"I do," the counselor said. She'd grown to like Alessia, that pretty young thing. She was very friendly, and terribly smart. It was a shame that she had to suffer confinement with the rest of Mu's mentally unstable.

"Exposure to the goddesses can be a complicated affair, though. The changes that take place within a young lady are not merely behavioural, they actually take place on a cellular level." The head psychiatrist turned to the other gentleman who, due to the size of the psychiatrist's tiny office, sat elbow to elbow with the counselor. "So I must ask then... Dr. Kissinger, what do you have to report on this patient?"

He cleared his throat and sat forward. "Ahm, yes. As you said, it isn't merely as simple as how she behaves. With all due respect Pam, what she hides from you, ah, she can't hide from my equipment."

"Oh? Tell me more."

"We've seen some pronounced hormonal imbalances. It's really a textbook indication of a body in an advanced stage of breeding. She's undergoing a growth spurt, one more intense than the one she in her normal state would have had during first puberty. She is chronically aroused and in a state of sexual heat."

"So she's definitely had a lot of exposure to the rogue goddess."

"Yes. And the effects of that are still playing out. Her adrenal levels have been above normal parameters since the day she arrived here, and they show no signs of dropping. She's on edge. As well we've monitored her sleep time to never exceed three or four hours. And what sleep she does have is fitful and disturbed. She wakes up every morning more excited than when she went to bed. I wouldn't dare speculate what she dreams about..."

"Dr. Kissinger, she seemed fine to me," the counselor said. "She never mentioned any sleep disturbance, and never showed any signs of fatigue."

"That's just it though, Pam. This is the new normal for her, and if she wants to get out of here she probably knows better than to mention any of it."

"So what are your thoughts on discharging her at the close of this period," the head psychiatrist asked. "That is, tomorrow morning."

"I'd advise against it. I believe we should keep her here for longer. Two weeks is not enough time for proper treatment, and if we should let her out and she seeks contact with her goddess again, any more exposure will put the dehumanization of this poor girl right back on track. And ah, by the looks of her, I'd say it won't take much more for her... to make the change."

The doctor's last comment had his normally professional tone broken by a uncharacteristic shiver. The counselor thought she detected a hint of desire in his voice, and it had her shooting him a look of disgust. "What makes you so sure she would do that, once we let her go," she interjected. "She's come leaps and bounds in the two weeks since we took her in. She knows what she did was wrong. She wants to rejoin society."

"Does she now," the head psychiatrist asked. "She has expressed this to you?"

"Yes, in the clearest fashion. She's ready to change."

"She could just be fooling you. Deceiving you so we'll let her free."

"I sincerely doubt that's what she's doing, Dr. Kissinger," Pam said, her tone going cold.

"Be that as it may the goddess that did this to her is out on the loose," he countered. They'd only been able to hold on to it for one day - by the next morning it was somehow gone. "It could still be on the hunt for her... it could find her."

There was an uneasy pause, with the counselor and the doctor staring distastefully at each other, as so often seemed to be the outcomes of their meetings. Their approaches to rehabilitation, hard science versus holistic personal counseling, were as diametrically opposed as their personalities. Tired of seeing their rivalry play out for the hundredth time, the head psychiatrist gave a bored sigh and pushed the counselor's tablet back toward her. "Okay. I think that about concludes our meeting. I'll have my decision on this girl in the morning, after I've more closely examined both your reports. You two can go back to... whatever you're normally doing right now."

***

It was late, and the facility by then held only patients, caretakers and security guards. Any white labcoat wearing persons should have long before gone home to their families. Dr. Kissinger had no more duties to handle... yet there he was, his tablet in hand as he stood in the dark by the steel door that boxed Alessia in.

He leaned in slowly, careful to not be heard. He looked through the little square window.

It was his third such secret visit to her cell, and it had taken until four in the morning, but finally, he saw her chest rising and falling with the rhythmic breaths of her sleep. 

The show was beginning. He silently left for the nearest washroom.

"Oh yes, my sweet girl, yes," he muttered under his breath. He was undoing his pants. He dropped down onto a toilet, "yes... show me everything. Show me what you're feeling, right now." He started up his tablet and brought up the program he used to monitor her. 

The main display was a black and white light amplified image of her lying in her bed. There wasn't much to see, save for her lovely face and voluminous hair gathered around her on her pillow. She was hidden from the shoulders down beneath her covers. The bedding was no issue - he switched the camera to his favourite setting, where an x-ray image was overlayed with the visible spectrum. The weak x-ray, normally used to detect stolen or makeshift weapons hidden on a person, was just enough to penetrate her bed sheets.

He released a barely audible groan as he beheld her. Her young body, ripe in the prime of life, was sculpted and curved to perfection and then beyond by her exposure to the goddess. She was slender and fit. The curves of her thighs and hips, and of course her lusciously over sized breasts, were spectacular to behold. He was awed and thrilled by the sight of her. 

This was his new fetish. Nothing got him going more than seeing her at night. 

After a few moments spent in voyeuristic pleasure he brought up graphs and charts. They were being updated in real time as her bodily chemistry was monitored, providing an additional dimension to his private porno - one that only a man of his profession could understand.

"Oh yes, yes Alessia I can see it. I can see you're enjoying yourself as well. Your dreams are so naughty. Your hormones flow... you're excited. You bad little girl."

***

"Get out of bed, young human. It's not like you're ever going to fall asleep anyway."

Alessia bolted upright from under her covers."Who's there?"

"I'm right here." 

Her lamp flicked on, and she saw the pale, slender arm of a young woman pulling away from the switch. Dazzled, she squinted up at her while reflexively guarding her chest with her bedsheets. "Wh-who are you? How did you get in here?" It certainly wasn't one of the other patients in the facility... in fact it couldn't have been anything further from the disheveled schizoids and suicidals that slept in the other cells nearby.

"You already know who I am, don't you? Most children of Mu do."

Alessia remembered her lessons well. It was something every child learned in school, a parable warning them against relations with the other species. A person who had once been an orange haired young orphan had been defiled by the evil affections of a goddess until she became a balloon breasted sex object, centuries ago, and that person was with her in her cell. Standing before her was Jessica Hunt. 

"H-how are you here? Why?" She was awed. The goddess-breeder was unfathomably beautiful, a radiant angel, an idol of lust. She wore merely a drape of semi-transparent magenta fabric which hung around her from the broad perch of her bosom, obscuring the slender figure beneath to a silhouette.

"Sweet heart," she began, her voice soft and soothing. "Why must they keep you here like this?" She sat down on her bed by her hip, and for a moment Alessia seemed hypnotized by the dual wobbles of her incredible breasts and the reactive shudder of the magenta drape, which snagged against the peaks of her two bold nipples. "You should be out there," she said, gesturing toward the tiny window embedded in the wall. "There is someone out there who sorely misses you."

"I know that," Alessia whispered. "But it's wrong. That's why I'm here. To get over her."

Bemused, Jessica's head titled. "Get... over her? Why would you want to do that? A gift has been shared with you. It's not something you'll want to get over."

"It's wrong. Goddesses... they steal us. They steal our lives, our careers. They steal us from our families and friends."

"I don't know about that. You still have free will. You always would. Your changes are really just an improvement." Seeing Alessia quietly blinking her eyes at her, she offered a motherly stroke to her arm. "Why, just look at my own case. As you know, I was poor. I didn't have a home, and the people around me mistreated me. A goddess came and took me away from all that. When she made me what I am she gave me immortality. Now I've lived hundreds of years, but I look no older than you."

Jessica shifted closer, squaring herself up with Alessia to completely fill her view. "Without completing your journey with Gaia her gift can fade in time, it's true. But not in only two weeks. Try years. Years of agony, of torturous need and longing. What you've felt here in this cell is just the beginning. This is not something you should suffer. The correct path is clear for you... and it is one paved with pleasure."

"N-no... Don't do this. If I can be good for just one more night, they might let me go home tomorrow."

"Yes." Jessica lifted her magenta drape off, revealing her entire self to Alessia, whose heart began to flutter. Her eyes were of course drawn to the incredible spectacle that was her breasts, two massive and beautiful pale spheres sitting high on her lissome torso like the twin moons over Eva. It was not normally the sort of sight Alessia savoured, but at that moment she was more than just impressed. Her desire was undeniable. When Jessica came in to kiss her, guiding her back onto her bed, she easily assented and surrendered to the touch of her soft pink lips.

"I know how bad you're already hurting. Your body aches to complete its journey. I could give you some relief. "

"What do you mean," Alessia breathed. She liked having Jessica lie over her, far more than she would have known herself to. Those reddish gold locks falling around her face while her massive breasts sat heavy against her chest... that was the dream of every school boy of Mu. That night, the dream was hers to enjoy. "How?"

A knowing smile crept across Jessica's face, and she set her hands upon Alessia's wrists. Alessia released a shuddering moan as she saw where she was guiding her touch. "There."

"Oh my god," Alessia breathed. The soft flesh of Jessica's bosom lay beneath her palms. "What is... ohhh." The arousal she felt holding those luscious mounds was undeniable. They had a gravity of their own, and she was falling fast within their pull. She smoothed her hands over every curve, feeling her sensual womanly magnitude. "Why?"

"Just follow your instincts. Your body knows what you need. And I can provide it."

Breathing quickly, Alessia continued. The firmness of areola brushed against her palm, and feeling drawn to it, she grasped at Jessica's nipples.

"Anh...! Oooooh," the goddess giggled. "Keep going."

Silently amazed at how that pleased her and feeling motivated to continue, Alessia carried on kneading Jessica's grand nipples, and they firmed up beneath her touch. An urge grew within her mind as they erected. They were becoming so suckable, a pair of teats perfectly sized for a young lady's mouth. She was disturbed by the growing impulse she felt.

"Yes," Jessica whispered, shifting closer. She lifted her right breast up, and one of those pink peaks brushed against Alessia's lips. "Go on. Please..." 

Alessia wanted to express her hesitation, but to speak was to open her mouth and allow Jessica in... so in she went. Her nipple was hot against her lips and tongue. She uttered a confused sound. Why did it feel so right?

"This will make you feel better. Drink, Alessia."

She closed her lips down against it, and instinctively her tongue tickled at the aroused flesh while she began to suck. Drink? This is so weird. But I like it. I like her... It was regressive yet comforting. It felt like coming home to her mother... yet it was also undeniably sexual. Purring with delight, Jessica smoothed a hand across Alessia's head. She was positioning herself closer still, and her breasts were all Alessia could see.
