 part 1: Little Sister

It's safe to say that I could have handled some of these situations better. My hindsight is twenty-twenty. But can you blame me? What wisdom did I have to draw upon, when the hand I'd been dealt, the life I've lived, is so unlike anyone else's? I'd had no frame of reference whatsoever through all my childhood and up into my early adulthood.

It isn't just because I'm an orphan. Honestly, I think I've handled being an orphan very well. It came naturally to me, which as I later found out is to be expected for our kind. And it isn't just because I'm 'our kind', either. Normally we follow a pretty straight path, as dictated by a set of strict and insistent instincts. No, it seems I'm something even stranger than that... and my fumbling attempts to make sense of the fact have profoundly changed the world we live in.

I think I was doing pretty well, all things considered. I'd made a decent life out of a dire one. I didn't have to work much at all, and the little work I did do was from the comfort of my own home, where I preferred to stay.

Eventually I did meet others like me. This is the story of my experience doing so, and all of the strange and wonderful things that that caused.

My name is Eva Dennis. Though few knew me by name, there was a certain subset of people, male and female alike, who knew me by sight. It wasn't too common - maybe one out of a crowd of people would recognize me - but it was enough that I would cover myself up when I left my apartment. And I preferred to stay inside.

Those who knew would usually need a moment to register where they'd seen me before. It was easy to tell once they'd attached an identity to my face... the recognition would dawn on them, and the silent shock would set in.

Few would admit they recognized me. I was their secret. No one needed to know that when they were alone, they would watch my webcam shows. Hell, some of them must have even been paying to see me, because I was making a pretty good living.

There weren't any other webcam girls offering what I did. There were a couple niche sites where they would imitate us with props, but it was always a laughable, campy charade. A cheap substitute for the real thing. There were also lithe figured young men who, bless their souls, took hormones to become like us, but again, it couldn't compare.

I should have known I'd eventually be found. Actually, I think I was hoping for it. Through the seedy pop-up ad ridden underbelly of the internet I was reaching out, secretly hoping that others like myself would find me.

I knew they were out there. My mothers had told me so. It was written in a letter from them, sent to me when I turned twelve.

So, do you want to hear my story? It's a long, far flung tale that will stretch the boundaries of your belief. It's a story filled with pain, with rejection, and with loneliness... but in the end, the glory we achieved made it all worth it.

Go ahead, then. Read on.

Chapter 1

"Melissa... Melissa, look at this."

"Hmm?"

Angela returned the video to its beginning and set her laptop in front of her. She pushed it along the surface of their hotel room bed with the tip of her foot, putting it within view of her twin sister.

"Ew, what is that, porn?"

"No. Well, sort of actually. It's from a webcam show."

"...Oh. Hey, that's a pretty girl. Are there going to be any guys?"

"No, no guys. Just watch though."

The quality could have been improved upon, but streaming into their web browser over the hotel's wifi was the image of a young woman. She appeared to be slender and in great shape, with creamy pale skin and cute, wavy chin length hair. It was black, though purple streaks were interspersed throughout, matching her curiously violet coloured eyes. On first glance though, Melissa's most significant observation were her breasts. The oversized globes were pressed against her chest by a black tank top, permitting a view of some eye catching cleavage, deep yet firm and high.

"Forget pretty... she's hot."

Angela nodded, then clicked ahead into the video. "She spends the first ten minutes just typing and answering people's questions." She clicked further ahead. "Okay, here, she's doing something."

The girl was standing further from her camera, letting more of her body enter the frame. She'd already taken off her top, revealing a sensual black bra, as well as her trim midriff. Below that a tiny black ruffled miniskirt hung off of her broad, curvaceous hips. Her short nails were painted black, and with her pale skin and dark clothes her look slightly suggested 'gothic', though still remaining sexy and cute. She turned around, revealing the bottom creases of her lush behind.

"Hey, you know if we want to watch girls take their clothes off we can just call Shelley and Donna over for another double date. I've seen enough."

"Yeah yeah, wait though. Just keep watching."

Alright boys and girls... are you sure?

There was a chorus of 'beeps' indicating incoming messages to her computer.

Oh, I thought you'd changed your minds. Alright, then. Off go the panties...

With her back to the camera she reached into her skirt and grasped the sides of those panties, then began to slowly, deliciously, tease them down inch by inch with coquettish shakes of her hips. They were just a tiny black lace affair, however... as the fabric descended so did something else.

Melissa's jaw dropped. Angela grinned. "Yeah, that's right. Keep watching..."

The lace undergarment fell to the floor, and in the space between her legs something was hanging low. There we go.

She sat in front of the webcam again, again restricting the view to her face and upper body.

"Aww, come on! Show us more!"

Are there any more requests? BEEP, BEEP, BEEP. Oh, you wanted to see more. Well... okay, I guess we can do that.

She again stepped away from her keyboard, this time facing the camera. She didn't hide her flaccid member, and her little skirt couldn't do anything to hide it either. It hung heavily down to her midthigh, and a neat, hairless sac was behind it, sized to match.

"Wow. So she's one of us."

"Yeah. And showing off on the internet! What would possess her to do that?"

BEEP, BEEP. Yes, it's real. Yeah, they're real also. I'm all natural. You won't find another girl like me. She scooped her heavy cock and let it fall limply down again, then stepped closer to the camera, her breasts bouncing with her movement.

She sat in front of her computer, and one of her arms could be seen moving, slow and steady, probably teasing herself under her desk. I'm going to switch to VIP mode now, and show you some of the things I can do... if anyone wants to join, register at myhotcams-dot-com. Bye bye!

That was the end of the video.

"It's just as well. I've seen enough."

"Are you sure? I found another full video of her."

"I'm not really interested in seeing that, Angela."

Melissa's sister paused, her finger poised over the touchpad on her laptop.

"Oh, alright, fine!"

Chapter 2

"ASTRO-X SUCCESSFULLY DEMOS PROTOTYPE ROCKET

Dubbed 'Project Wayfarer', the experimental device is an alternative to chemical combustion rockets"

I'd just gotten out of the shower and my hair was still dripping. I had a white towel wrapped around myself. Another webcam show was scheduled for eight pm and I was basically just killing time until then.

I clicked the link, opening it up in another window which I moved to my second computer screen, leaving the newsfeed on my first one to scroll through. Continuing downward, there were some cute pictures of cats, a couple reviews of new video games, and many mildly humourous memes, most of which I'd already clicked and were resurfacing due to their popularity.

It was mostly pretty idiotic stuff, and I felt like my mind was growing numb. I looked to the science article for the prototype rocket.

I do have a mild interest in the sciences. I suppose if I'd wanted to, I could have risen to prominence in any of the fields, considering the sort of intellect I would have brought to human academia. But all the schooling seemed tedious. Institutional hoops I'd have to leap through until I could help in any way.

Because that's my thing... I just want to help. But how?

It was an interesting article. The team at Astro-X had found an alternative to combusting fuel as a method to propel ships into space. Their prototype rocket - though 'spaceship' is a more fitting term - used exotic quantum forces to create an ecologically safe and fully renewable source of power. Their prototype had reached orbit and returned to Earth without a hitch.

This was a big deal. The most advanced space vehicle, the Space Shuttle, had a shaky track record and was over thirty years old. Finally we had progress.

The only problem was the prototype was a tiny vehicle, seating only a pilot and a technician. It would cost them a fortune to make a proper ship, and due to the state of the economy no one was offering sufficient funding to do so.

How sad. It made sense that a privately owned company would be the one to make real progress in space travel; government run agencies like NASA were criminally underfunded, their respective nations preferring to spend money on weapons with which they could threaten their neighbours.

Humans are silly that way. They need someone to help them, to guide them, before they kill each other or use their planet up.

At that time in my life, humans were helping me. They were fascinated by my physique, so I'd put on shows through my webcam and the cheques would roll in.

It was just about eight o clock, so I closed the article and opened up another tab, in which I logged in to my webcam account. Then on my second computer screen I queued up some eye candy so I could get the show going.

It's called 'futanari' - a form of fiction featuring beautiful hermaphrodite or shemale women. Frankly it was the only thing I could find that could get me off, and I was going to have to do so for the camera. Considering I'm essentially a real life futanari, does that make me gay?

Logging in, there were already a dozen or so paying members waiting for me. I recognized many of their names, while there were also a few new ones.

"Hey guys," I said. "Hope you don't mind, but I just got out of the shower." I leaned back, letting the camera see the towel cinched around my big breasts. There was a chorus of beeps as members expressed their unanimous approval.

I smoothed my dark chin length hair, squeezing out a couple drops of cold water. "So, let me tell you what I have in store for you today." A couple members were still logging in as I reached for a package I'd found at the sex shoppe. "You can forget about 'Magnum', these babies are the real deal," I said as I held the box in front of the camera. "I guess they're more of a novelty item than anything else, since I don't think there's many people out there who can actually use these." I held the box closer to the camera so the text would be visible. "For men sized twelve inches and up."

JohnnyBoy5: are u gonna wear that

"Yes JohnnyBoy-Five, I'm going to give it a shot. It might be a bit of a stretch but we'll see if it works." I opened the box and pulled one out. The plastic envelope for the condom was about twice the size of a conventionally sized one. After holding the sealed condom up to the camera I tore the package open, and out fell the rolled up latex condom. It was pink and slippery with lubricant.

As I unrolled the condom, transparent latex drooped lower and lower until, as advertised, I held a foot long lubricated balloon. Smiling impishly, I grabbed the reservoir at the tip and stretched... I stretched and stretched some more, until my arms were fully spread. "That's a big one! I think it should be able to catch everything, so we won't have to clean up the mess this time."

Another user logged in, named 'TwoBlondes'. "Hi TwoBlondes, welcome to my channel."

TwoBlondes: thanx

"So..." I pulled my chair back, putting my upper body in view. "Do you like how I look in just my towel?"

There was a chorus of beeps as I smoothed my hands down the sides of my breasts. I turned the camera towards my bed, then zoomed the image in slightly. I hit 'play' on my futanari video, took a fresh condom out of the box and knelt on top of the bed.

"I guess I can't give you much of a striptease when it's just a towel, so we can just do away with it..." I tossed off the towel, revealing my nude body. 

I started to put on my usual show... sliding my hands seductively over my curves, cupping my oversized breasts and hoisting them up to lick my nipples, then dropping them bouncingly back onto my chest. All the while I was passing glances to the futanari video on my second computer screen, watching the fantasy scenario unfold:

Two beautiful computer generated women were kissing passionately. Maybe due to the laziness of their animator they were identical, save for their different hair and lingerie colours. Each of them was sporting an immense erection, their contrastingly dainty hands gently touching and stroking...

Amidst the chorus of beeps from viewers messaging their praise, my arousal was beginning to show. Though only semi hardened I'd just about reached a foot's length, and there was still more to come. "Mmm... Do you want to see me stroke my big, beautiful girlcock?"

BEEP BEEP BEEP...

"Uh-huh, I thought so." I took the heavy tube of flesh in my hand and began to slowly work it. I could feel my pulse and the warmth of my body as I began to become rigid. I glanced at the member's chat screen.

FutaFan: oh god baby

TwoBlondes: hey, shouldn't you have a girlfriend to do that for you?

Looking back to the futanari video, the hung girl with pink hair was mouth fucking the equally hung brunette. It looked hot. "Mmmh..." As I reached my full hardness I tilted my lengthy shaft up, lying the hot pink head between my breasts. "I'm all hard for you now."

Placing my hands on my hips, I turned to the side and let my cock swing down and stand out, showing my audience a profile view of my figure. At 5'11", I'm a tall girl, and as I kneeled on one leg the end of my hard cock extended out until it was level with my other knee.

PigTailsX: holy christ how long is that dick

"The last time I checked, it was sixteen inches." I chuckled softly. "Everyone's jealous of my huge cock... but no, TwoBlondes, it's just for me to play with."

I turned back to the futanari video and started to slowly run my hand up and down my length.

TwoBlondes: well that's a waste. say, how old are you? 18? 180?

I ignored TwoBlondes, though they had my attention. Their comments stuck out like a sore thumb.

The precum was starting to run from the end of my cock. I tilted it up again, and by simply looking down I was easily able to pass the hot tip into my mouth. I moaned lowly, stroking faster, beginning to genuinely pleasure myself as I envisioned that fat head belonging to another beautiful woman. I imagined the delicious fluids of my arousal to be hers, and the thought had me throbbing ever harder.

"Mmmhh... oooh...!" I purred as I tilted my cock away, just in time to avoid a voluminous burst of precum which landed audibly on my bed sheets. Things were really getting going. I giggled, "ohh babes, do you like that?"

BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP!

I laid myself down, my huge cock towering upwards as I furiously stroked its now slippery surface, my gaze again turned to the video on my other computer screen.

"Oh, wait just a moment," I said, stopping once I felt the pressure of what would eventually be my orgasm. I'd gotten a little carried away. "Let's not forget the theme of the night." With my eyes on the thick swaying length of my cock I felt along my bed for the fresh condom. I took it and tore open its package. I placed the pink disc on the head of my cock and unrolled the latex, my delicate looking hands bringing it down, down, down... 

"Oh, that's very tight." I stretched it down, covering up the full extent of my length, but the slippery tense material creeped back up. It just wasn't long enough for me, leaving a quarter of my length uncovered, but it was at least able to handle my girth. "Does it look good on me?"

TwoBlondes: it would look better in a human woman's mouth...

"Well, let's see how it looks in mine." Those two blondes had my attention. They seemed to be there to taunt me instead of to enjoy my show. Still lying on my back, I laid my tightly wrapped member against my chest and took it into my mouth. I didn't quite like the taste of the latex, but its numbing effect made it easier for me to imagine it was the cock of another woman which I was so lovingly tonguing and stroking.

Feeling I was about to finish, I quickly got up to kneel in front of the camera, giving them a plain view as with fast, short movements of my wrist I rocked myself just below the head of my cock. "Ahh, ahhh, oooh baby... ahhhh!!"

My cock spasmed angrily, and it began to pump out thick bursts of my ivory seed at a furious rate. The reservoir of that condom was filled by the first shot, and each one that followed had it inflating larger and larger as it stretched to hold my voluminous load. The computer was silent, my viewers too rapt to type any sort of commentary...

Except for TwoBlondes, who were still unimpressed: such a waste. go find a girl to convert with your seed instead of just dumping it in that condom!

Seeing their comment, I stopped and just stared in a mid-orgasmic daze, rereading it over and over in disbelief. It sounded like they knew exactly what I was. But how could that be...?

I knew there were more of us out there. For one thing I had sisters, as my mothers had explained in their letter to me. But in all my years of confused solitude, I'd never thought I'd ever speak to someone who knew about us!

Returning to reality, I gave myself a few more swipes, squeezing out the last of my load. I let go of my cock and it fell against the bed, weighed down by the heavily overfilled condom. "That's a lot, isn't it?"

Having actually contained my mess for once, I didn't want to spill the contents of that novelty latex contraceptive, so I carefully shifted the stretchy material down my cock until it was off. There must have been a litre in it, and the weight had it lying against my bed despite my tugs as I tied it shut. I picked it up and held it in front of the camera -- a long, pink, cum-filled balloon.

"There we go, guys. Private message me your address and I'll mail this to you! Haha, just kidding." I paused thoughtfully, "but... TwoBlondes, please PM me. Maybe we should talk. Thanks for watching everyone!"

I blew a kiss to the camera and logged off.

Chapter 3

I scrolled through the comment log from my show, and what I read confirmed my frightful suspicions: the user 'TwoBlondes' knew exactly what was going on -- what I am. And they were broadcasting the fact! I needed to speak with them. 

They'd asked for my age, arbitrarily giving guesses between eighteen and one hundred and eighty. How could they have known that we are so long lived? At the time I was only twenty one, but the centuries to come would not make me appear any older. 

They told me to convert a young human female. It was something I was supposed to want to do... something I should have innately needed to do, in fact. That I had gathered from reading my mothers' letter, but it was hardly the case. I felt a familiar guilt, one that has been with me since I first read it. It was one thing to be on my own, as we all are at first, but my lacking the instinctual guidance to find human companionship had made the situation far less bearable. I was a loner.

We established conversation via the website's private messaging system. They claimed to be a pair of twin sisters who were the same type of being that I am -- a being my mothers had referred to as 'goddesses'. I was inclined to believe them, because they seemed to know all about what it was to be one.
