 part 2: Daughter

Chapter 1

I stepped out of the store on to the cobblestone street. In my new coat and boots some of my lower legs were still exposed to the chill air, but the rest of me was warm and cozy. It was an elegant winter jacket with feminine contours and a faux-fur lined hood, which I wore up to combat the cold wind. The boots were fine Venetian leather.

Marla lived on the outskirts of St. Moritz, an astoundingly gorgeous vacationer's town in Switzerland. The cold came early there, with the temperatures already close to freezing despite the fact that it was merely late August. I was surrounded by charming old world architecture set against the backdrop of swaying evergreen trees and majestic snow capped mountains. It was an old time village gone modern, with plenty of shops and cafes priced for the deep pockets of wealthy travellers. To my dismay this meant my coat didn't come cheap.

Feeling ready to leave the town for my mother's house, I hailed a cab. He pulled up and leaned to the passenger window, smiling welcomingly.

"And where may I take you tonight, young miss?"

His smile faded quickly when I gave him Marla's address.

"My dear, I'm afraid I can't take you there. It's a good way up the mountain, on narrow paths that can't be driven."

"That's fine. Just take me as far as you can, and I'll walk the rest."

He hesitantly reached to unlock the door, then decided against driving off with me. "No, I can't do that. It's cold and so vast, I'm afraid you wouldn't make it."

"Look, it doesn't matter whether or not you think I'll make it. I'm going there... and I'll pay whatever I have to, to do so."

He blinked at me, wondering whether or not he was going to give in. I put my hands on my hips and gave him a cross look.

With a chuckle and a shake of his head he succumbed, unlocking the door to his car. "Alright, alright my dear. Let's go."

***

The day was already ending as we left the town. Looking back, it was like an island of gleaming amber orange light against the wintery blue of the snowy landscape, fading into the distance. I hoped Marla would welcome me; it would be no small feat returning to civilization on my own.

Ahead, the road was bumpy gravel. We were steadily rising in elevation, and as we went the winter's presence grew more pronounced.

Finally the road came to an end. "Okay Miss, we've gone as far as I can go. I'll have to let you off here."

"That's fine, and thank you sir." I paid him a generous tip and got out of the car. 

It was significantly colder that far up the mountain. A broad but rough path met the ending of the road, leading into the pine forest. I could make out fresh hoof prints in the snow -- evidently those who lived on the mountain took to horseback to get around.

I took a look at the GPS in my phone and saw that my location was two thirds of the way to Marla's home. Turning to look back at St. Moritz, it had been reduced to an orange dot on the horizon. I flipped my hood up and began to hike the forested path.

***

Tirelessly I trudged uphill through the snowy forest, never stopping for a break. Though the air was bitingly cold against my exposed skin I was sweating beneath my coat from the labour of ascending that path. The journey took about two and a half hours, and by the time I saw the dim light of windows it was night.

According to my GPS I'd found the place. It was a gorgeous old style home, almost large enough to consider a mansion, built into a clearing in the woods. To the side of the building was a small stable, able to hold just a couple horses.

Although the trek had left me numb I felt a swell of anxiety as I made my last couple steps toward Marla's front door. It was old and made of heavy wood, and had a well worn brass knocker which when I swung it clunked deeply against the resonant surface. Above the door was a security camera, and there was an intercom speaker mounted on the wall.

No one was answering, and I couldn't hear anything. Was anyone home? I could hear the snorts of their horses in the stable, reassuring me that the house wasn't vacant, but there was nothing else to suggest I wasn't wasting my time.

Chapter 2

Two women rode on horseback through the woods, bundled up tightly against the cold. It was a treacherous uphill path strewn with fallen tree trunks and boulders, but their mounts knew the trail well and wouldn't fail, even with the heavy loads their riders had brought. They were headed home.

They seldom spoke for most of the journey, letting the chill mountain wind and the crunch of snow beneath hooves do the talking.

It was late afternoon by the time they arrived. They led their horses to the stable and carried their burdens inside.

The first thing they unwrapped was each other, lovingly removing coats, gloves and hats and ceremoniously placing them in a closet. One was a beautiful young lady with slightly tanned skin, brown eyes and dark reddish hair, which she wore high in a ponytail. The other seemed slightly older, perhaps in her mid twenties, with paler skin and wavy black hair. It was streaked purple, like her eyes. She had a surreal air about her, as if she weren't quite from the same world as the first.

They released their bundles in the kitchen, dumping loaves of bread, produce, prepared meals and bottles of wine all over the counter. They'd hauled a good lot more items than it seemed they should have been able to carry, especially considering the distance from town.

The people of their nation officially spoke three languages. Their conversations were normally in french. "I'll start making dinner," the younger one finally said.

The older woman nodded, giving her companion a fond smile and trailing a hand along her hip as she retired to the bedroom to refresh.

As she busied herself with the night's meal Lina heard the sound of Marla's closet being opened and then shut, the sound of water running. She felt a flutter in her heart at the thought of what was to come, the comforts of home, the private pleasures of their passion.

She had just put the tray of lasagna in the oven when a much more comfortably dressed Marla sauntered barefoot into the kitchen. She was in her black yoga pants and a tiny white t-shirt. The latter hung off of her generous breasts, stopping above her trim flat belly, while the former clung to her curvaceous yet athletic legs and rear flatteringly. Lina licked her lips, already excited for her goddess as she saw the dormant form of her member pressed against her leg, sealed in by the stretchy material. It was hard to miss. In Marla's hooked finger there swayed a wire coat hanger, off of which hung the most insignificant semi-translucent little nightie in their closet.

"Darling... I would love to see you wear this tonight."

Lina smiled, stepping forward to take the light garment off of that hanger. Her eyes were still occasionally floating down to that conspicuous lump. "Yes... Anything for you, Marla."

The goddess chuckled as she watched her lover head to the bedroom. She leaned against the doorway, smiling confidently as the beautiful young woman stripped down. Lina was a dancer, and months with Marla had given her slim nubile form a more hourglass-like contour while her breasts swole just past the point of being a handful. She was seemingly built to make love, a skill at which she happened to excel above the women of Marla's past. But she was no goddess... not yet.

Lina slipped into the little nighty. It was translucent pink with matching ribbons to make the thin shoulder straps. The details of her body were accentuated, not hidden, by the veil-like material. Marla licked her lips as she eyed the tight peaks of her nipples, the straps of her tiny white thong. 

Marla stepped forward, setting her hands on Lina's thinly clothed hips and pulling their bodies close together. The girl's eyes seemed to sparkle with delight, a smile creeping across her face as she felt Marla's soft length bump against her thigh. They kissed gently, tongues touching momentarily as if doing so were just a formality preceding what was to follow.

To Lina's pleasure she started to feel a hint of growth against her leg, but before she could act on it Marla gave her a firm push down, sending her bouncing onto the surface of their bed. The goddess got to her knees and roughly spread Lina's legs. With a catlike grace she crawled forward to nuzzle the warmth of Lina's shaved mound, just barely covered by the centre of her thong. She inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of her lover, her toy, then began to trail kisses along her inner thigh.

"Mmh... Marla, you tease."

The goddess chuckled, continuing a moment longer before she hooked her fingers into the straps of that thong. She pulled it down Lina's slender, beautiful legs, coming in to run her tongue along her perfect slit before the little undergarment even touched the ground. Lina was already wet, excited by the prospect of what was to come.

"Oooh... mmm."

Marla shut her eyes, letting the taste, the smell and feel of Lina be all she sensed. As she suckled gently on her clit the girl squealed with surprise, involuntarily squeezing her legs around her shoulders. Marla didn't relent, making her shudder and writhe with discomfort at the attention to her sensitive little nub.

Knowing fully well what she liked, Marla eventually slid her middle finger into Lina's wanting wetness. As she hooked it up into her g-spot the young woman sighed with relief, finally receiving attention somewhere other than what was now her hardened, sensitive clit. Marla steadily rubbed her fingertip against that special area while adeptly running her tongue up and down her bud.

As the moments passed Lina drifted closer and closer to climax. Her breathing was growing quicker, her moans more impassioned. Marla pressed on, her free hand lying gently over the form of her member as it lay thick against her thigh. She had an urge to stroke, to rub herself into full hardness, but she chose to resist the temptation. Bringing Lina so close to release was arousing enough, and the tip of her cock was slowly, steadily extending further and further toward her knee.

Lina's breathing reached a crescendo and her body began to seize with the tension of release. She was moaning with unrestrained bliss as her warm flush of fluid splashed against Marla's tongue. Marla doubled her efforts... Ruthlessly prodding at her g-spot and lapping at her clit, she was going to make the first orgasm of the night count.

Lina had the peculiar trait of being an endless sink of pleasure; it seemed that with her, no orgasm ever became too much to handle, and she could go on cumming for as long as Marla would let her. It was only due to her own discomfort that Marla eventually stopped, having grown so hard and huge in her restricting yoga pants that she could no longer continue to wear them. Kneeling before that bed she began to slowly slide the waistband down her thighs, revealing the turgid surface of her huge shaft. Moments before she reached her knees the fat pink head was revealed and her cock sprung up, hard as steel at its full fourteen inches.

Languidly Lina sat up, dazed yet hungry for more. Marla was standing, her length jutting out stiffly before her as her pants fell around her ankles. She smiled at Lina, seeing the hunger in her eyes as she stared down the perfect, huge pillar of flesh which was her cock, so starkly contrasted to the beautiful woman it was attached to. She was so potent, so powerful. Lina surged forward, no longer able to contain her want.

Marla stepped back, and Lina found herself closing her hands around nothing but air. That member was nodding from the movement, just out of reach, as if it were taunting her. "Sorry darling... try again?" She chuckled sadistically as she took off her t-shirt, leaving herself nude as she then swaggered over to her desk, on which she took a seat. She didn't bother steadying her shaft as she went, and it swayed and swung heavily before her the entire time, driving the cock-hungry young woman even further into a frenzy.

In a flash Lina was on her knees before Marla, worshipfully grasping her length with both hands. Not a moment was wasted, and Marla tilted her head back, moaning deeply as she felt the hot touch of tongue against her, that double grip firmly travelling up and down. "Oooohhh, god. Yes, darling."

She murmured her reply, absolutely infatuated with Marla's huge cock and so very glad to finally have it within her grasp, to feel its heat against her lips. Her eyes were shut as she, smiling genuinely, trailed her mouth up and down her length.

When her plump lips slid against the warm liquid of precum she seemed to purr, moving her attention to the end of Marla's shaft. She relished the taste of that precious fluid as it slowly dribbled against her tongue, her forearms steadily pumping.

Her skilled efforts were rewarded with a spurt of that hot pre, which she graciously swallowed. The addictive euphoriant seemed to whet her appetite for more. She needed Marla's seed inside her - it was her one vice, and though they would carry on in that manner several times a day she could never seem to get enough.

For a moment Marla just admired the sight of her human, an exceptionally arousing and adept specimen, as she lovingly stroked and sucked her ridiculous stiff member. Then with the slightest shift of her hips she conveyed that it was time for them to move on to the next step. Lina got to her feet. So well versed were they in each others body language that they didn't need to speak, moving as if on autopilot. With surprising strength Marla hoisted her up onto the desk, and standing over her Lina began to crouch over her towering cock.

Her sex was wet and pliable from the climax she'd had moments before, and the entry was smooth and easy. Lina groaned deeply as she slowly descended, feeling Marla's girth spread her open. Taking her from above was her second favourite thing to do. "Oh mon dieu..."

Marla chuckled. "Go on then..." 

Smiling deviously Lina supported herself on Marla's shoulders and with the innate grace and fluidity of a dancer began gyrating on her cock. "Mmm, yes... You are so good at that, Lina." 

Marla let her do the work, taking in the intensely erotic sight of the human woman so expertly riding her improbably sized member. She was so sensual, feminine muscle rippling under her nightie with each twist of of her hips. She loved to watch Lina so adeptly use her supreme cock, as if it were simply a tool for her pleasure.

Lina exhaled sharply, beginning to feel the hint of what could be her next climax. Seeing this Marla held her hips, beginning to move with her, nudging herself up inside her steadily, forcing her to take more of her than she had before. "Ooooh," Lina wimpered, trembling at the invasive stabs.

She was breathing deeply now as Marla pumped in and out of her. Sweat was dripping down her neck, and her rhythm was growing more frantic, her motions becoming jerky as waves of pleasure took over. Marla held steady, letting Lina continue to selfishly lead.

"Ooh god, yes my goddess... mmmmh!" Their rhythm didn't break as Lina began to clench around her flawless shaft. Despite the deep pleasure of her second climax she persisted... but it was a losing battle.

Seeing Lina's efforts finally begin to wane Marla suddenly stood, supporting the twitching dynamo by her bottom as she quickly made the couple steps back to their bed. They collided with the mattress and Marla immediately began to ravage her from above, letting loose a hunger she had calculatedly restrained until that specific moment. This was Lina's first favourite thing.

"Yes, yes, YES oh GOD YES," Lina wailed, paralysed by the orgasm Marla was so mercilessly prolonging. Now it was her turn to be used. 

Against the unrestrained din of Lina's ecstasy Marla was grunting and puffing, her length hard as steel as it pistoned steadily within her, threatening to explode with each pass. She was trying to hold back the inevitable conclusion, hoping that perhaps this time she would finally find the limit to the pleasure Lina could endure. 

Moment after hot moment passed, and the girl's moans and cries were still elevating in intensity as her gorgeous form writhed and bounced beneath Marla. Unable to hold back any longer, Marla let go, and as her hips continued to pump burst after burst of her luscious seed began to fill Lina's crammed confines.

Marla slowed, coming in to kiss the gasping beauty's lips. Lina received her instantly, tonguing passionately as her arms and legs encircled Marla's figure. She loved her goddess, worshipped her, and as Marla emptied herself into her she injected all that adulation into their embrace.

Their bodies were sliding against each other from so much displaced seed as they continued at an even pace. Marla remained rock hard, and it looked like there was going to be a second round when they heard the deep knocking of someone at their front door.

They gave pause for a moment, then shrugged it off, preferring to continue. "Pay no mind, my goddess," Lina whispered. "Just be with me."

Only after many more subsequent knocks did Marla give in. She pulled herself out, mumbling an apology and a comment about how she ought to have a conventional doorbell installed instead of that massive brass knocker. Still aroused and covered in her own cum, she grumpily went to the bathroom to get some towels. "Lina, could you check that?"

Lina smoothly rose from the bed and went to Marla's desk in the next room. Looking into the tiny viewscreen, she saw the feed from a security camera at their front door. 

Chapter 3

After many more knocks I was still waiting, feeling taunted by the silence within the house. Too many tense moments had passed before I could finally hear a faint crackle from the intercom speaker, followed by the buzzy reproduction of a woman's voice.

"Qu'est-ce?"

"My name is Eva. I've come to visit Marla Dennis."

"We don't know any Evas here," the voice said, switching to accented English.

I didn't have much to respond to that with, so I just stared up at the camera, waiting for a development. It didn't seem like the person at the intercom had much more to say. I was starting to ponder turning back when finally a second voice spoke in plain english: "we'll be with you in a moment dear."

My anxiety grew, creating a knot of tension in my chest. I was about to meet one of my mothers! She must have been in the other end of the house, because I was waiting longer still until that door opened.

And so for the first time I beheld her. We were both silent, she scanning me up and down, myself just standing agape. She knew exactly what I was, and though I was mostly covered by my coat I could tell she saw Jessica and herself in me.

I was taller and bustier than her and some of our facial features differed, but we clearly were related. Her hair was longer than mine and reached her midback, but it was the same wavy black stuff. And like myself she'd chosen to add purple highlights to it, accentuating the violet eyes we shared. We had the same pale unblemished European skin, though she looked ever so slightly more grown... a look she had kept for centuries. 

She was dressed in a crushed velvet bath robe, purple of course, and was starting to show signs of chill. "Why don't you come inside then darling, you're going to freeze us."

I stepped into her home and began to remove my coat, giving my mother a similar reveal as the hood left my head. Beneath I wore a close fitting dark violet dress, with a dipping neckline and long sleeves for my slender arms, while the rest crept only halfway down my thighs. She uttered the faintest sound of surprise (or was it amusement?). To a casual onlooker we would have seemed like a pair of sisters, and indeed there was such a person standing nearby.
