 Valerie stood before her bookshelf, admiring her treasures from another stay on Earth. She had a fetish for the old things, so primitive with their paper pages and space consuming form factor. They were cumbersome inefficient relics of the past, and she cherished them.

The shelf was a creaky antique piece, hewn from the flesh of an Earth pine. To carve furniture from the fresh wood of trees was as illegal as it was to print media on their pulp. Those antique relics were her pride and joy, the centrepiece of her quarters. They were in stark contrast to the neutral blue and grey metal and plastics of the ship, and along with the detailed Persian rug beneath her feet they created a place of warmth and comfort, a place where her mind could reboot.

It was three weeks into the trip home, and she had already read half of her new acquisitions. She would have to start cutting her reading material with old favourites if they were to last the remaining two and a half months. She pulled out an ageing number on extinct Earthly biology and curled up on her rickety wicker chair.

By her third page she stopped. Her mind was wandering, and nothing she'd read had sunk in. For what seemed to be the millionth time, her thoughts had turned to that mysterious passenger in the stasis hold.

Could it really have been Eva? Eva Dennis, the missing Dennis-Hunt daughter, the one whose unorthodox genius was to thank for the utopian lives all goddesses were now enjoying on their own world? The story went that she had disappeared shortly after she had made the move to hand future control of space over to the goddesses. Some said it was all myth, that she had never actually existed...

Yet in the stasis hold, amongst row upon row of accepted human applicants, there was a sleeping woman who bore her name. Nude in the near-freezing stasis fluid, from the remarkably buxom and elegant perfection of her body to more... obvious features, it was plain to see that she was a goddess. Pale with purple streaked black hair like the famous Marla Dennis, she bore the look of her supposed mother.

Valerie couldn't help but wonder. Sometimes she'd even catch herself fantasizing. Alone in her ship, the solitude of travel was cruel. She was used to being on her own, and that was part of why she had accepted her job as a pilot between the planets. But, when weeks turned to months without speaking to another soul, the need for companionship grew achingly strong.

There were more rumours saying that young Eva, before her disappearance, had struggled with being as lonely as she... If that were so, maybe they were alike.

Chapter 1

I awoke waist deep in lukewarm water. My first instinct was to open my eyes, but to do so was laborious. I was drowsy, and the light was overbearing, so I kept them shut. My respirator tube was carefully being withdrawn from my throat.

"Hello, Eva." It was the clear voice of a young woman.

I lamely extended a twitching leg out of the chamber, setting a dripping foot out on the sterile grey surface of the ship's deck. Without the support of liquid that limb gave away and I collapsed, only to be caught in the capable arms of whoever it was who had ended my sleep. My legs had failed me, temporarily weakened from the weeks spent on ice.

"Whoa, easy there. You're very weak. Take your time," she said as she wrapped a towel around me.

"Have we arrived," I rasped, my voice a hoarse whisper.

"No, there's still a long way to go."

"How long until we reach Anatolia?"

She didn't reply, instead helping to guide my dripping self to a chair by a metal table, where she gently guided me down. My head was swimming. I clutched my towel close.

"Drink this," she said, stabbing a straw through the clear film over the opening of a plastic cup. She pushed it toward me. It was full of orange fluid, and the fog on the inner walls of the glass suggested it was hot.

I took a sip. The drink was delicious, nourishing and warming. I could tell it was packed with all the vitamins and stimulating chemicals I needed to recover from my sleep. Between gulps I repeated myself, my voice gaining clarity after draws of the hot beverage. "How long until Anatolia?"

"We aren't going to Anatolia," she said. I could hear the machine-like whirr and clunk of her closing my stasis chamber. "There is no such place."

"What... What do you mean?" I opened my eyes enough to blurrily look upon her as she seated herself beside me. From what I could make out she wore some sort of grey suit, and her skin was tanned while her hair was soft golden-blonde curls which she wore back in a ponytail.

"'Anatolia' is just a human name for our destination, based on a popular romanticization of ancient Anatolia having been a 'land of the goddesses'. Our home has a different name."

Her words suggested she was like myself. At that prospect I tried to fully open my eyes and focus my sight on her, but I wasn't yet up to the challenge.

"Take it slowly Eva. Recovering from stasis is never easy. Just finish your recovery drink, then we'll take you to your warm, cozy quarters."

***

It was a small room with a ceiling a few inches above my head. There was a single sized bed with a soft, metallic looking comforter which I'd immediately wrapped around myself. Across from the bed was a desk and chair, and there was a steel locker for storage. Built into the desk was a screen, where I could probably access some sort of computer. It was a very spartan living arrangement.

In my warm cocoon I sipped the last of my recovery drink. I could feel the strength returning to my body, the heat spreading to my extremities. My vision had cleared.

Hanging off my chair was some sort of grey leotard. It was very small but the metallic looking material, the same as my comforter, suggested it would stretch. I preferred to stay in my blanket, patiently waiting for whoever had ended my cryostasis to return.

If she was a goddess, she would be the first I'd met since 2014. I had questions, so many questions.

I was mentally preparing my first when I glanced at my wrist, wanting to access my Network Chip. It was gone, leaving only the faintest trace where the nubs had once pierced my skin.

Disappointed, I hopped over to the desk and rubbed the screen. It was unresponsive. There weren't any buttons, nor were there any cords or outlets to plug it in. I sighed. I'd only been connected to the Network for two days, but I was already hooked.

Eventually the door to my quarters opened.

"You're looking a lot better now Eva. The recovery drink is a miracle... as is our physiology. The humans usually need the entire day to get over the freeze!"

I took a moment to just take her in, as if I were still feeling slow after stasis. She wore the same metallic grey jumpsuit as I'd seen on my chair, which zipped up the front from crotch to collar. She was, as we all seem to be, slender yet sensually curved. Her chest was round, ample and pert, visibly challenging the material of her outfit. And along her right leg my eyes fell upon her long bulge, shamelessly revealed by the skintight fit. She looked a lot like the Aerotian princesses I'd played with in my interactive adventure the previous night, though her hair was instead sandy blonde and her complexion slightly lighter. She was breathtakingly gorgeous.

"Uh, yes... I'm starting to get my wits back."

"That's good. My name is Valerie," she said, stepping forward to shake my hand. "But everyone just calls me 'Val'".

I reached up to shake that hand, my other arm holding the comforter close to my chest.

For a moment we just stared at each other, both of us feeling equally lost for words. Eventually she cut the awkward silence: "You'll need a meal also... The drink isn't enough for you to fully recover. I'll have that for you in a moment. In the meantime why don't you try on your skinsuit? It's comfier than it looks and you're required to wear it at all times."

"Oh... sure, I'll do that."

She smiled courteously and left. The door automatically shut behind her, closing me off from a glorious view of her swaying silver clad rear. I'd only been up for a few tens of minutes and already I was having naughty thoughts!

I rose slowly, my limbs still feeling a little tight. I picked up the one piece outfit - my 'skinsuit' - and opened the long zipper, then slid my right leg in. Until that point I'd always worn skirts or dresses, so it felt strange to wear something analogous to pants, especially when it enclosed my entire foot with its stretchy material. I slid my other leg in, and my soft shaft swung into place, choosing that leg. The soles of my feet felt secure against the floor, with a rubbery surface providing needed friction. I pulled the skinsuit up and slid my arms into the sleeves, which ended at my wrist. "Hm... so far, so good," I whispered to myself as I glanced skeptically at the long shape of my genitals practically shrink wrapped to my thigh. That look would have never flown back in 2014... but then, neither did spaceships piloted by beautiful goddesses.

Finally, I began to zip myself up. At first the material fit me perfectly, adhering to my skin almost as well as the apparently liquid bra I'd worn as a top on Earth. Yet it seemed to hit its limit at my chest, and though I was able to zip it fully I found I was most comfortable with the zipper left slightly open. That doing so created some sort of bouncy cleavage centrepiece against the metallic sheen of the grey material was a side effect I'd just have to accept.

The moment I let go of the zipper the screen on my desk lit up. It seemed to be activated by my suit! I sat down before it, feeling pleased at how the material slid against the hard plastic chair.

Ship Time: 20:47:05

Touch screen to begin session.

I had my hand hovering over the screen, an extended forefinger slowly descending, when the door to my quarters opened again.

"Dinner's ready. I brought mine as well... do you mind if we eat together?"

I turned to her, feeling self conscious in the skinsuit. Never in my life had I worn tight pants near another person!

"Uhh... sure. That would be fine..."

Other than a brief dart of her eyes to the pale expanse of my revealed cleavage she seemed much less disturbed by my appearance than I did.

"Okay. Thank you. We might as well get acquainted, since we have such a long trip ahead." She placed a tray of food over my computer screen, then sat on my bed with her own. "How do you like the skinsuit? Cozy?"

"It's okay," I said as I looked down at my plate. Again, it was boiled vegetables, wild rice and some sort of chicken breast imitation. Apparently that was some sort of Astro-X specialty. My stomach gurgled, and I realized just how hungry I was. "I'm not used to pants, let alone a tight one piece, but if it's necessary..."

"Oh, it is. The ship's safety systems are tied to it. If we should decompress and you aren't in your skinsuit... well, that'd be big trouble. Plus, as you might have seen, it activates your access to the ship's systems."

I nodded as I slid my fork under the bed of rice.

"If there is a hull breach you're going to want to zip it up fully," she added. "Not that I, *ahem*... mind."

I looked at her for a moment, then back down at my food. Was she being flirtatious? That wasn't at all unwelcome... but I was starved. I let her lead the conversation as I dug in to my meal.

"So you might be wondering what you're doing in outer space with me, instead of waking up at our destination like all the humans will be."

I nodded, my cheeks crammed with chicken-stuff.

"Well... for that I have to... I guess I should apologize? You see, I pilot this ship, alone. And as you may have been informed it's a three month journey. So you can imagine, it gets a little lonely, and I might go a little crazy on my own..."

"Oh it's okay, you don't have to-"

"And furthermore I'd heard that you also have dealt with loneliness. That's just what I heard, mind you," she added with a 'bear with me' swipe of her hand, "so I thought maybe it would be okay if you were my friend for the rest of the trip."

I blinked, taking a moment to process her verbal onslaught. My mind was still a little slow, and she could speak terribly fast. "How... how far into the trip are we?"

Feeling guilty, her cheeks began to redden, and she turned her gaze down to her plate. "Three weeks."

I nodded slowly. So, more than two months had just been placed between me and my arrival at whatever my soon to be home planet was named. But then, seated before me was another goddess, and judging by her glances and perhaps flirtation she might have been a potential partner - potentially all that I'd ever wanted. I didn't feel like there was much to be angry about at all.

"That's okay. I'm not mad. Things have been moving very fast for me lately, so a little down time might be nice." That seemed to relieve her regret. "Hey, wait a second... you've heard about me?"

"Who hasn't? You're Eva Dennis, the fourth daughter of Marla Dennis and Jessica Hunt, aren't you?"

I nodded.

"Some people say you're just a myth."

"A... a myth?? Geez, I... I don't even..."

"Well can you blame us? You're the cause of all this," she said with a grand wave of her arm. "You, you, are the cause of all that is good and sacred to our kind! Yet where have you been all this time?"

I nodded again, though more slowly. Tears were beginning to roll down my cheeks. Her words were like an avalanche of implication, of thoughts I'd not yet had time to process. They were tears of joy, but also terror. I dropped my utensils on the tray and sobbed.

"Whoa, wait, okay... okay, hold on a second," she said, pushing her tray aside and getting off the bed to kneel before me. She swiftly put my tray on the desk and grabbed my hands. "It's okay Eva, it's okay... Wow... Do you still need some time to recover from stasis? Or do you just want to go back to sleep?"

"No, I've recovered," I sniffed. "I just... I just hadn't really thought about our world, how it's turned out, not until you... In this ship... you..."

"Eva," she said levelly. "It's been ninety three years. Haven't you had time to think?"

"Not for me. I... I only woke up a few days ago."

She didn't have any response, though she inhaled sharply a moment after the words left my mouth. She rose to her feet, guiding me up also with that tender hold of her hands. She held me in her arms, consoling me during my moment of weakness.

In the embrace of another goddess, in surroundings I'd only just begun to know, I cried and cried and cried.

Chapter 2

When I'd settled down we decided we would finish dinner in her quarters. "It's the most comforting place in the ship," she'd said.

It was definitely different. Walking through the halls of our vessel, almost everything was metallic and monochrome shades of grey-blue. Her room, which was actually quite large, was a real living space, filled with rich warm colours and personality. There was a soft Persian rug on the floor and mementos everywhere. In the middle of it all was a wooden bookshelf.

To me, the most remarkable thing was her window. Beyond the glass was outer space, something days ago I'd have never dreamt I would see. Breathtaken, I silently walked toward the broad panel and stared.

"Yes... space, the stars. Stars we can't even see from our respective planets. It's all out there."

"Amazing."

"This one is actually just a screen. No matter how many times I've made this long trip from A to B and back, I've never not been impressed by the grandeur, the vastness of it all." She rested a hand against the view screen. "The only real window in the ship is in the cockpit. The rest of the hull is sealed off, to preserve the structural integrity." She turned to me, grinning softly: "...So, unless you learn how to fly this thing, you're going to have to visit me for the view."

I smiled at the beautiful pilot, "that's fine with me." The embrace we'd shared in my quarters had had a profound effect on me. I felt comfort in Val's presence, and was easily trusting and opening up to her.

Her desk was a large round table with another computer screen built into the surface. It came to life as she neared it, showing the ship time against a cool blue background. She sat before it in a comfy looking chair. "I'm glad you aren't mad about me ending your stasis early. I was taking a big risk... but I was just so curious. And lonely."

My eyes were drifting over her body, faithfully reproduced curve for curve by her skinsuit as she lounged in that chair. I caught myself just as my lingering glance landed on that tempting mass against her thigh. How could I help myself, when practically every mouth watering detail of it was staring back at me? "Oh, that's fine," I gulped, averting my gaze. "Come to think of it, I probably needed some time to adjust before we arrive. I'd only just started to know how the world had changed before they put me in stasis for this trip."

"Thank you for being so understanding. But we will have to keep this a secret... it's against protocol for me to awaken a passenger, unless the situation requires it."

"I won't tell a soul."

"Good. Wow... that lifts a load of worry off my shoulders." She glanced at her screen. "Well, I'm going to have to make my evening rounds now. Got to make sure all the passengers are still healthy, that all our samples are still in good condition... routine stuff. But I'll be quick, okay? You can stay here if you like."

"I'll be right here."

She smiled warmly. "Good."

Gracefully, her sleek silvered figure slid through the double door back in to the sterile halls of the ship. My heart soon began to ache for her to return.

For a while I just stared at the large screen into the endless space. It was hypnotic, inducing in me an almost meditative state, where I was able to more easily digest all the upheavals I'd experienced during the previous few days.

Feeling more peaceful than before I began to explore Val's quarters. Her bookshelf was full of old books, none of which would have interested me at all. But then, it was 2107 and Val was from a different planet. From her point of view, the out of date encyclopedias and old science journals she was accumulating must have been very fascinating.

I began to wonder about that planet at the end of our journey. I knew so little about it. Perhaps I could find some information in Val's computer console? After all, we weren't on Earth anymore...

I sat at her desk and touched the screen. It came to life, switching from its default clock readout to the same intuitive operating system I'd used in Giancarlo's tablet.

I entered a query into the browser: What information is there on the planet Anatolia?

Anatolia, originally the name of a region in ancient Turkey, is generally believed by the Earthbound populace to be the name given to the goddess homeworld.

Right... I'd forgotten about the fiction of Anatolia which Val had so tactlessly debunked.

What is the name of the goddess homeworld?

The goddess homeworld is named Eva.

"Oh, god dammit." It was hard coping with how important I'd apparently become, yet the hits just kept coming.

Show me the planet Eva.

An image of a world, slowly rotating, filled the screen. Most of its surface was familiarly Earthlike with blue oceans and wisps of white cloud, as well as frozen ice at the two poles. The continents, however, looked quite different. They were mottled brown and maroon instead of the familiar shades of green. 

Looking more closely, I saw that some of the smaller continents did show an Earthly verdancy. I (rightly) supposed that these were the areas which had been sterilized and reseeded with Earth life.

There were three in total. To the mid-north was an island about the size of Madagascar, labelled "Mu". As the globe rolled toward the east another northern continent, this time at a size comparable to Australia, could be seen lying beside a larger maroon shaded main landmass. This second green space was labelled "Lemuria". Further still the third and last green continent came into view in the mid-southern hemisphere. About the size of India, it seemed to be cradled by a string of maroon islands projecting off a larger continent. This one was called "Eva Australis".
