 The doorbell rang again just as I reached it. Whoever it was sure as impatient. Everything from salesmen to faith-spreaders danced through my mind. An ensemble of shit I didn't want to deal with. I had half-considered just pretending not to be home.

I braced for the worst as I opened the door but was taken aback at what awaited me. Before me stood a man in a delivery uniform, a clipboard in hand and an expression that told me I had kept him waiting too long. Standing in the shadow of him, too shy to be seen, was a girl. Well, not quite a girl. A pair of small horns and floppy cow ears poked out from beneath her long, dark hair. As my eyes travelled down her, my suspicions were confirmed. Her legs were covered in a fine black and white fur, ending in small cloven hooves. She was a holstaur.

I hadn't seen many holstaurs in my life. They were quite expensive. The only people I knew who owned one were my parents, and even then, I had only briefly seen her when I visited last Christmas.

'A delivery for a mister Woods.'

'Uh... yeah, that's me.'

'Sign here, please.'

Before I could protest, he shoved the clipboard and a pen into my hands. My head spun as I wrenched my gaze from the holstaur to the paperwork. I scanned each word as quickly as possible, conscious of him waiting.

'So... what is this?'

'Just confirmation of the delivery. Whatever else you needed to sign should have already been done. Now, if you could go ahead and sign that, I have more deliveries to get to today.'

I was still lost. That was definitely my name at the top of the paper. My address, everything. But I hadn't ordered anything of the sort. Great, it was worse than a salesman. It was going to be a trip down to the post office to sort out a mix up.

I scribbled a signature and handed it back to him.

'Thank you. Here's your accompanying handbook with everything a holstaur owner needs to know. Have a nice day!'

With that he was off down the driveway to his van before I could protest. I stared blankly after him before finally turning to the holstaur. She seemed to flush at my gaze, her eyes falling to the ground. She held her hands tightly in front of her, her thumbs dancing together. I couldn't help but notice how much her arms pushed her large breasts together like that. And they were quite large, filling out the front of her shirt to an almost impossible level. But, I suppose my parent's holstaur had large breasts too. It must have just be a trait amongst them.

'You can come in.'

Her eyes shot up to meet mine. I would be lying if I said it didn't have any effect on me. Her eyes were so soft. A warm brown that drew your attention to them. Kind and loving. They looked as if they had never held a glare, or even could.

'Thank you.'

She stepped past me, only pausing to brush her hooves on the doormat. I shook myself out of my daze and reminded myself what she was. It would be weird to develop a crush on a holstaur. Although, I couldn't help but wish I could find a girl that looked like her. Despite being a holstaur she was very pretty.

I followed her into the living room, trying to keep my eyes focused elsewhere. She had a very nice figure. Fairly slim leading to wide hips and thick thighs which swayed with each of her hooved steps. A thin black and white tail fell from her backside, ending in a tuft of hair somewhere around her knees.

I threw the handbook onto the coffee table and pulled out my phone.

'I think there's been some kind of mix up. Let me just call around to fix this.'

I began searching my phone for the post office's number. With luck, I could sort this out over the phone rather than having to go down there. Although, I would probably still have to take her there anyway. Having my day ruined by running aorund seemed unavoidable.

I jumped as my phone rang in my hand. My parent's number flashed up on the screen.

'Hello?'

'Hello darling. Happy birthday!' my mother's voice greeted me.

'Thanks... but my birthday isn't for a few weeks.'

'We know, but we couldn't resist getting you your present early. Has it arrived?'

I spun around to face the holstaur. She stood once more with her hands bunched up in front of her, her eyes cast down as if she was somehow to blame for being brought here.

'Wait, do you mean... what did you get me?'

'Well we couldn't stand seeing you drink that horrible store bought milk anymore. Probably full of chemicals. So we decided to get you a holstaur of your own! Trust me, you'll love it. We've never felt better since making the switch. Has she arrived yet?'

'Oh... yeah. Yeah, she just got here.'

The holstaur met my eyes once more, full of curiosity.

'Oh wonderful! What do you think? She has quite big breasts, doesn't she? She had the biggest at the farm. We couldn't risk letting someone else take her.'

'Mum!'

I turned away from the holstaur, hoping that she couldn't hear my mother's shrill voice from there.

'Oh, please. These are important things to discuss about a holstaur. She will give plenty of milk with those and that's what you want.'

'Okay, okay.'

'So do you like it? Perhaps we should have asked you first.'

'No, no. She's great, I just...' My mind was still trying to wrap around the concept that I was no longer taking her back to the post office. That she would instead be staying here. There were so many questions that I hadn't even thought to consider. 'What do I have to do? You know, to look after her?'

'They're really very easy to keep. Just give her food and water, and milk her once a day. Besides that, she'll take care of herself. She came with a handbook, didn't she?'

'Yeah.'

'Good, then that should fill you in on everything.'

'Wait, where's she going to sleep?'

I looked around, contemplating the space in each room.

'You've seen what Millie sleeps on, remember? That large, flat cushion that we have in the corner. She loves curling up on that.'

'I don't think I have the space for something like that.'

'Sure you do. Just move some things around and it'll fit. Anyway, we have to go now dear. Make sure to let me know how everything goes. Bye.'

She hung up after my goodbye, yet I still held the phone to my ear, lost in uncertainty at everything that had just happened. The holstaur watched me expectantly.

'Um... I guess you will be staying here after all.'

Her tail swished behind her as her eyes lit up.

'Thank you. I look forward to getting to know you, master.'

'Uh, you don't have to call me that. Just call me Roy.'

She gave a small nod.

'If you would like. I'm Madeline.'

'Nice to... meet you, I guess.'

A silence fell between us as I found myself with nothing to say. What was there to say upon discovering that a holstaur would suddenly be living with you? My eyes instead fell to the handbook on the coffee table. If I was going to be responsible for her, I should study up.

'You can have a seat if you want.'

I motioned to the couch as I grabbed the handbook, flicking through the pages.

'You have a lovely home.'

I looked up from the handbook to see her gazing around the room in wonder. My place wasn't anything fancy.

'Thanks. It's not that much really. Actually, that's kind of the problem. I don't have anywhere for you to sleep. This was all a surprise to me.'

'That's fine. I can sleep anywhere. This couch is pretty comfy, actually.'

She let herself fall back into the cushions, bouncing slightly on impact. I couldn't help but stare at her breasts as they wobbled beneath her shirt. Was she even wearing a bra? Did holstaurs wear bras?

She looked over at me and I buried my head in the handbook. My cheeks flushing at the thought that she had seen where I was staring.

'I can't believe how comfy this is. We had nothing like this at the farm.'

I poked my head back up.

'Really? What did you have?'

'Just hay. It was piled up along the sides of the barn for us to sleep on at night. But this is so much better! It's so soft!'

She flopped to her side and rubbed her body into the couch before shooting upright with a shocked expression.

'I'm sorry, master! I should have asked.'

'It's fine, it's fine. You're welcome to make yourself at home. And you really don't have to call me master.'

She thanked me but remained upright. Her tail was swishing behind her again, rustling against the fabric of the couch.

I returned to the handbook once more and flipped to a page on diet.

'You only eat a vegetarian diet?'

'Mhmm.'

'Hmm, I'll have to buy some new ingredients.'

The smile fell from her face.

'Oh! I hope I won't be an inconvenience.'

I closed the handbook and stood up.

'No, no. I need to improve my diet anyway. Perhaps you living here will be a good thing for me.'

~

The rest of the day went by without issue. It was certainly strange having someone suddenly living here with me, but I couldn't quite tell if it was due to Madeline being a stranger, or because she looked like a cute girl.

Over the course of the night my eyes wandered across her more times than I could keep count of. Part of me was just innocently curious about how a holstaur's anatomy worked. Such as how her legs appeared so human above the knee, yet conformed to different bones beneath it. I wanted to just explore her body and find every minute difference.

The other part of me wanted to enjoy doing so.

I couldn't deny how much the curve of her thighs enticed me. How her hooves made her look like she was always wearing heels. How much her ample breasts strained against her shirt. My eyes told me she was more human than animal, but my mind kept me grounded.

And so I went to bed with a mind full of confusion and lust that turned into dreams of equal measure.

'Master.'

I pushed my face deeper into the pillow, grumbling as the morning light pierced my drowsy eyelids.

'Master.'

A light touch rocked me. I could hear sparse droplets of rain on the roof outside. There was a forecast for rain this whole week. I could think of no better way to spend it than curled up under the sheets while the elements raged outside.

'Master!'

My eyes shot open. Above me stood Madeline, a worried look on her face.

'Oh, morning Madeline...' As I blinked away the sleep from my eyes she came into focus. All of her. 'Ah! Madeline, why aren't you wearing a shirt?!'

I bolted upright in bed at the sight. She still wore the same short shorts from yesterday, but from the waist up she was completely naked. Her breasts were amazing. Too much for me to take in this early in the morning. They were so large and full. Each must have been the size of a watermelon, ending in a pair of rosy-pink nipples. Yet they looked so soft. All of her looked so soft.

'I'm sorry, master, but I need to be milked.'

'Huh?! What?!'

'I need you to milk me. It's morning and I'm feeling really full.'

'Uh...'

The events of yesterday slowly came back to me, culminating in the memory of my mother's list of requirements. At the time I had brushed it aside, too overwhelmed by other things. Then it had only fallen further into the recesses of my mind as the day grew on. Now I was not just hit with the realisation, but my own unpreparedness on the matter.

'...right. Yeah, let's go... let's go do that.'

I sheepishly pulled the covers back and stood up. Madeline hurried ahead of me as we made our way back to the living room. Butterflies filled my stomach at the thought of what was to come. The feeling only grew stronger the more I thought about it. Not only would I be up close to a beautiful, half-naked holstaur, but I would be touching her breasts. I was anxious at the thought. They had looked so soft and supple. But still, I was apprehensive. The situation was so foreign to me; what if I had misinterpreted something? This would be far too intimate to explain away with confusion.

We reached the living room and she turned to look at me expectantly.

'So, where do you want to do this?' I asked.

'Don't you need something to collect the milk?'

'Oh... right.'

I headed to the kitchen, embarrassed and out of my element. What could I even use? Where would I even store all this milk? I should have been working this out yesterday.

With nothing else viable, I ended up settling on a large pot. Madeline was waiting patiently as I returned, her hands gingerly cupping her swollen breasts. She eyed the pot with apprehension, but didn't hesitate to get down on her hands and knees over it when I placed it on the floor.

'Right, just hold on.'

I searched for where I had left the handbook and retrieved it. Thankfully, milking was one of the first pages. I scanned over diagram after diagram of hands squeezing breasts that would have been worthy of a spot under my teenage self's bed, until I felt I had gathered enough. First step: massaging her breasts to stimulate the flow.

'Okay, hold still.'

I shuffled close to her side, my breath catching in my throat. This was it. My hand drew closer and closer to her soft hanging breasts. My fingers grazed against her warm skin, slowly encompassing her breasts. They were so large, my hands barely cupped a third of their mass.

I froze as she let out a little sigh, yet she did not protest. In fact, her eyes were closed as if waiting for a great relief. I massaged the supple flesh between my hands, resisting the urge to give in and fondle them as roughly as I wished. This wasn't for fun, I had a job to do.

Soon, wet droplets stained my fingers as they passed over her hard nipples. She was ready. I was too, for that matter. An uncomfortable tent was forming in the front of my pajama pants. I bit my lip, hoping that she wouldn't see it.

I readjusted my hand and began squeezing her breasts down toward the nipple. A jet of milk squirted from her, ringing against the metal of the pot. Again I milked her breasts, this time extracting even more. With every squeeze her milk flowed more freely, filling up the pot beneath her. And with every squeeze she began letting out more and more sighs and squeaks at my touch.

'OOOOoooOOO.'

A strange moan escaped her lips after a few minutes. I watched her with curiosity, unsure of what to make of it. It looked like nothing could disturb her from the dreamy bliss spread across her face.

'OOOOoooOOO.'

It came again, this time with a slight shudder to her body and a swish of her tail.

'Are you... are you mooing?'

She opened her eyes from her bliss as her cheeks flushed red.

'Um, yeah. I know it sounds strange. The other holstaurs always teased me because I couldn't moo properly, but that's just how I moo.'

I couldn't help but smile.

'You know, I've never heard a holstaur moo before. To me it sounds just fine.'

She blushed once more as a smile crept across her face in response.

Before long the milk slowed and she placed a hand over mine to stop me.

'I think that's all of it. I don't feel so full anymore.'

She sat back on her knees, a droplet of milk still hanging from her nipple. I peered into the pot. There must have been two litres of milk in there. It was amazing to think that all of that had come out of her.

'Wow that's a lot! I don't know if I'm going to be able to keep up with your production.'

'I can help drink it. Besides, if any goes to waste, it's not like it matters. I'll just make more.'

'Wait, you can drink your own milk?'

She giggled.

'Of course, silly. I love the taste of it. Although, the farmer's didn't let us have it often. They saw it as cutting into their profits. So we would just drink from each other's breasts at night when they weren't watching.'

She smirked to herself at the memory while I hunched further over to hide my straining erection. The image of her and other naked holstaurs in that position... There's only so much one man can take.

I grabbed the pot of milk and rose in a quick twist so as to keep my back to her and my desire hidden.

'I'll just go find some containers for this.'

I hurried to the kitchen before she could see anything, holding the pot over my crotch. This time it was easier to find what I needed in the cupboards. I had plenty of bottles laying around. I grabbed a ladle and began filling them up, one at a time.

Think innocent thoughts, I told myself. Anything but thoughts of a naked Madeline. But even what I was doing aroused me. The bottles grew warm as they were filled with her milk. Warm from her lingering body heat. Warm from her breasts.

It didn't take long before the rest of the bottles were filled and put away in the fridge. I grabbed some muesli bars from the cupboard and returned to the living room.

'You can eat these, can't you?'

I held one up to her.

'Yeah. Anything without meat is fine.'

I handed her two and sat down on the couch beside her. She hadn't put a shirt on after her milking, but I felt that I could handle the situation for now.

'Sorry it's not much. I'll have to do a proper shop soon.'

'It's fine. Oh wow! Does this have berries in it? I love berries!'

'There's still so much of you I need to learn.'

I leant forward and grabbed the handbook from the floor.

'What? You want to get to know me better?'

She shot me a grin as I sat back up. I had actually meant holstaurs in general, but this presented a perfect opportunity.

'Uh, yeah. I guess if we're going to be living together, I should get to know you.'

'I'm an open book. Where do you want to start?'

'What was it like on the farm before you came here?'

'Oh, geez. Where to start on that. I don't even know how to compare it really. I spent my whole life there up until now. It was a large property with big fields for us to run in. We spent most of our time outside playing. When I hit puberty, my milk came in. After that I would start every day by going to the milking shed before anything else. Actually, this morning was nice. I haven't been hand-milked since my first few times. They had milking pumps at the farm that they would hook us up to.'

She giggled to herself.

'Those actually felt really good.'

I made a mental note to look into how much a milking pump was.

'So what was it like leaving there?'

She gave a slight shrug, the smile falling from her face.

'I don't know. Most of my sisters had already been adopted by families, so I was sort of wanting to be adopted too. I can always go back and visit my mother. She works as breeding stock there.'

I lied. I couldn't take this. Everything from her body to the images her words conjured up was going to cause me to tear a hole in the front of my pants.

'Anyway, I was excited to come here. It was a new adventure. And, to be honest, I'm glad it was your place I came to.'

Her smile returned as she looked at me and it was my turn to feel the heat rise in my face. Surely she didn't mean anything by that. Nothing more than relief of her fears. Yet it still brought up that same feeling that I had felt yesterday upon first laying eyes on her.

~

I spent the rest of the day paying more attention to her then I would have liked. When I was with her, I was wrapped in wanting to learn everything about her. When she went off to do her own thing, I found my thoughts lingering on her, longing to speak to her again. There was still so much about her that I wanted to discover. I excused it away as just general curiosity of a species I knew so little about from a life so foreign to mine, but there was something more there. A fascination that I was sure no other holstaur owner felt.

The following day we headed to the shops to buy the food I would need to meet her diet. I had hesitated at first before asking if she wanted to come. I wasn't sure if it was the right thing for me to take her out with me. I couldn't remember seeing anyone with a holstaur out shopping before. Maybe there just weren't that many holstaurs in my town.
