 Thanks to my editor, SexyGeek, for advice and suggestions.

Berulia

Berulia wandered onto the balcony, and looked at the town below. At eighteen, she was flowering into womanhood. Her long brunette hair, braided into a long plait, matched her eyes, dark, and brown. She was dressed in black leggings, and a pink top; not the usual attire of a lady, but comfortable for the journey ahead. They showed off her slim figure and long legs if anyone happened to be looking that way.

Not that anyone would be. Dusk was approaching, and the many businesses in the town below were starting to close up. Even from here she could hear the call of the fishmongers shouting out their last offers to sell old stock before closing. It seemed delightfully quaint, until the wind changed direction, and the stink of twenty thousand people, to say nothing of the fish, suddenly assailed her. The palace was on a small rise to the west of the town, and the prevailing wind usually carried the smell the other way, but occasionally, like today, the wind would blow towards them. To Berulia's annoyance, it always seemed to do it when the weather was hottest, and she most wanted to have the balcony doors open and when the town's foetor was particular high.

Petulantly, Berulia slammed the doors shut. "Mumu! Mumu!" Her greenie quickly appeared at a trot. "Fan me, Mumu, I'm feeling hot."

Mumu was a female, like all the house greenies. She was a little taller than Berulia, big-busted and completely hairless. Her skin, of course, was green, sea green, and she required no clothes. She looked at the desk, but none of the fans were there. She glanced nervously at Berulia, who was in no mood for any silliness from a greenie.

"Quickly, Mumu. Do you know what happened to my last greenie?" Mumu was Berulia's third greenie. Lanu had been the first, and had been fine. Her lease had expired a year or so ago, and she had been replaced by Firo. Firo had not worked out. She had been slow, clumsy and always getting under foot. Berulia had had her whipped several times, before eventually sending her back for correction. She had had Mumu for ten months now, and mostly it was working out, but occasionally the greenie needed a little prodding.

Mumu looked through drawers with increasing desperation, before finally finding the blue fan with sea shells painted on it, slipped down the back of the dresser. She quickly opened it up, knelt before Berulia, and started to waft it at the speed Berulia preferred.

After a few minutes, Berulia decided it was too hot even for that. "Go turn on the air con., then fan me some more." In truth, the breeze from the air conditioning was far more cooling than Mumu's efforts, but the greenie needed something to occupy her time.

A chime sounded. "Yes, daddy?" Berulia knew it would be him on the intercom.

"The shuttle will be here in ten minutes, dear. Make sure you have everything ready."

Berulia turned to Mumu. "Is everything ready?" Mumu shook her head. "Well go and sort it then. Honestly..." Mumu gave Berulia a rather insolent glance, but just for the briefest of moments, as she stood up, and carefully put the fan away. Then she quickly left the room, returning to packing for the journey. Berulia decided she would have to deal with Mumu later. Insolence in a greenie reflected badly on its master. That would have to wait until they returned. Berulia would have to hope that Mumu would not embarrass her in the royal court.

She felt quite excited just thinking of the phrase. "Royal Court". Of course, Prince Hedelikir was only minor royalty on an obscure planet, but he was royalty, and it had been Berulia's dream since childhood to marry into royalty. That was not guaranteed, of course. There would be many people at the banquet, and probably many girls just as keen to marry a prince. Though he was very much lesser royalty, he was very handsome, just as a prince should be. According to the database, he was twenty four and single, which was ideal. She could hardly wait to meet him.

From outside, she could hear the roar of the shuttle making its final descent. The palace had its own landing area; at one time they had owned their own shuttle, but it got used so rarely, her mother had made her father get rid of it. "Are you ready yet, Mumu?"

Mumu appeared briefly to give a vigorous nod. "Well, get it all to the shuttle then." Mumu disappeared again, and Berulia walked to the door, and onto the landing that stretched around three sides of the main hall, heading down the grand staircase. Her father, Ariltus, was waiting at the door. "Oh, you're here already. Well done. Just waiting for your mother." Helicia was not long, gliding down the stairs in a long red dress.

"Are you travelling like that?" asked Berulia.

"Are you travelling like that, my dear?"

"It's comfortable. I'll change on the shuttle, when we get close." The prince was in a starship, the Herald of Light, somewhere in this star system, so she had to look perfect when she stepped out of the shuttle, but not when she got on it.

They left the house, climbing onto a buggy driven by a male greenie. Most of the external staff were male greenies. As she started her journey to meet her possible husband-to-be, Berulia mused that though she saw the greenies every day, she had never seen a naked man. She kind of knew that they had willies like the male greenies. Did men's willies look all shrivelled up most of the time, and sometimes long and smooth and rigid for no reason at all? She was quite looking forward to finding out - but she had to remind herself not to get her hopes too high.

The shuttle was a disappointment, just a standard M-512, and not in particularly good condition, under contract to the prince's household. Mumu was there with a suspensor sled piled high with luggage. Her parents were also bringing four other female greenies, as well as two of the palace guards (they were not greenies, as guards had to wear impressive uniforms). The pilot welcomed them on board, and Ariltus and his family took seats in the forward compartment. After about ten minutes, the luggage, greenies and two guards were aboard and settled. They were ready for take-off.

"We're just waiting for clearance from the central control tower, ladies and gentlemen. Once we take off, the internal gravity should protect us from the G-forces, but we do advise passengers to remain seated for the first twenty minutes of the journey. We should be arriving in about seventeen hours."

The journey was boring. The ship had no windows, no entertainment systems. Berulia managed to sleep for about half of it, but woke up feeling stiff, so called Mumu for a massage, then decided she might as well get changed. She and her mother had spent some considerable time choosing a dress. This season, plunging cleavages were the fashion, but Berulia really did not have the bust to do it well. Her bosom was adequate, but she had to stand out. In the end, they had chosen a long white dress, slit up both sides, almost to her waist, showing off her legs, which she had in abundance. It was not the fashion, but her mother had assured her that men often like girls that were prepared to be different. When Mumu had finished dressing her, she looked at herself in a full length mirror. She really was not used to showing that much bare leg, and she felt a little self-conscious, but just a bit sexy too. Now it was time for some subtle make-up.

The shuttle docked, and Berulia started to feel nervous. Would he be there to greet them? She could hardly wait - but she had to appear cool and detached.

She heard shouts from the rear cabin. Something was wrong! Ariltus went to look, followed by his wife and daughter. They found the rear cabin full of ruffians waving blasters around. The two guards, who were armed only with ceremonial swords, stood in angry impotence, their arms raised. The five greenies were huddled in a corner. Berulia saw Mumu, who smiled a rather nasty smile at her.

"What the deuce is the meaning of this?" demanded Ariltus. "When Prince Hedelikir hears of this, he'll have you whipped like greenies."

One of the men, who was standing behind the rest, and apparently unarmed, laughed. "No, he won't. You see, Prince Hedelikir is not here. He is in the Reskar system. You look confused, your lordship. Let me explain. My name is Stragian, and I've tricked you. The whole meeting with the prince was a simple ruse to get you up here."

"What are you talking about, man? What possible reason..."

"You brother, Ledrakin, stands to make a fortune from your demise. And when that happens, I make a rather smaller fortune."

"But I'm not dead!"

"You will be. In good time." Another evil chuckle. "I'm what you might call a sadistic bastard. Just for my own fun I'm going to turn your wife and daughter into greenies. Obedient and pliable. A degrading and painful process. Or so I hope. And to add to my enjoyment, I'm going to let you watch."

"No!" shrieked Berulia. In a moment her dreams of marrying a prince have become a nightmare of being a greenie. "Please, no!" Helicia put her arm round her to try to comfort her, but Berulia could not help but notice that Mumu was grinning broadly. Berulia decided that when she got out of this, she would make Mumu suffer. Then she realised soon it could be someone else wanting her to suffer.

Stragian, with two of his men, took Berulia and her parents off the shuttle into his own ship. After walking for a few minutes, he stopped outside a door. "This will be your home for the next few months," he said to Ariltus. "Each wall is a view screen on which you will be able to see your wife and daughter every moment of the day. Now strip, and go inside."

"I most certainly will not!" One of the men pulled out a painstick, and hit Helicia in the ribs with it, making her gasp in agony. After a few moments he did it again. "Stop that. I will do as you say." Slowly Ariltus took off his clothes, looking embarrassed and pathetic once he was naked. The door was opened, and he was shoved inside. Berulia's first sight of a naked man, and about the last one she wanted.

The two women were then taken to another part of the ship, a large chamber with various devices, many involving chains and manacles, attached to the walls. "Here, you will become greenies. Who shall we do first?"

"Me," volunteered Helicia, to protect her daughter.

"Very good." Stragian took a knife from his calf sheath, and used it to strip Helicia's clothes from her. Her long dress was soon ripped to shreds.

"Please, no," she gasped as his knife bit though the straps of her halter, and he pulled it off her. Desperately she tried to cover her bare chest, even as he grabbed her briefs, and soon they too were rags at Helicia's feet, and she was stood with one hand on her crotch, one on her chest having to suffer the leering men.

In her youth, Helicia had had a striking figure, but now she was more than a little fat, and saggy. "Hmm, you have let yourself go," noted Stragian. "We can fix that. Just lie in this box."

The box in question looked disturbingly like a coffin. Helicia reluctantly lay in it, and the lid was closed on her. "Tech from the ancients," Stragian said, by way of explanation. "Instant greenie." He pressed a button.

The coffin was an ancient teleportation device, salvaged from a long lost technology. It reduced Helicia's body to data, ready to send to some other destination. But data can be edited, and a series of macros kicked in, modifying the virtual image. All body hair and follicles were removed, the skin was dyed green, she was sterilised, her skin was made youthful, and her fat removed, except for her bust, which was enhanced. This new data was then used to assemble a body at the receiver, a similar coffin across the room.

Helicia climbed out feeling confused. Berulia ran to her; "Oh, mummy, what have they done to you?" Helica was now slim, busty and youthful, but she was green and hairless. She tried to talk, but no words came out. Greenies had no vocal cords.

"Now the girl."

"No," shrieked Berulia. "I'll do anything."

"Of course you will." Stragian grabbed her arm, and started to slash at her dress, the dress she was supposed to meet a prince wearing. Soon it was in tatters on the floor. Berulia backed away from Stragian, but he caught her arm, and pulled her back. "I've been looking forward to this." He pulled the strap of her halter down, to expose her left breast, then lifted her arms above her head, and twisted her round to show her to the men. "Like the look of that, boys?"

"Get her naked," one shouted.

"No problem." Stragian slipped his knife through the halter strap, then the same on the other side. "Don't worry, girl, you'll not be needing that. You'll not need anything to wear every again." He laughed at his own joke, then put his hand down her briefs.

"Oh, God," she whimpered, as he touched her pussy. Then he gave a big yank, and ripped her briefs right off her. Quickly she tried to cover herself with her hands, but Stragian caught hold of them, and again lifted them above her head. Her cheeks burned in shame as the men stared lustily at her naked body. "Please, no..." she begged.

"Bit flat-chested, but we can fix that. You two, put her in the coffin." Stragian released her arms, and she quickly covered her chest and crotch. The two men Stragian had indicated now grabbed her, one taking her right arm, and taking the opportunity to grab her ass too. The other took her left arm, and with his other hand cupped her left tit. Sobbing with shame and terror, Berulia was half dragged to the coffin-device. She shrieked as the man on her right started to probe her slit.

"Get used to it," said Stragian. "When you're a greenie you'll get your pussy grabbed several times a day. These guys are going to be raping you pretty much all day in the next few months as part of your training. Except, it won't be rape, because you'll be a greenie."

"We never did anything like that to our greenies!"

"Wanna bet? We'll ask them later what daddy did to them. Now... get her in that transmitter."

Berulia was feeling too shocked to put up much of a struggle. It was not like she stood a chance, and at least it meant for a moment they were not molesting her. The lid closed on her, and a moment later it opened. She looked down in shock. She was green!

Bebu

"Now, as a bonus to our client, we're going to give you an education. We'll do a few days of fucking, then, when I think you're ready to progress, you can do a day of jerking off and a couple of days of oral." Berulia had only the vaguest idea what any of that meant, but it sounded disgusting. "You'll start each day on the rack; a ten minute session to make sure you're awake, and so you know what's in store if you're not cooperative. So let's do that now, shall we. You," he pointed at Berulia, "lie on there, your neck on the rest."

It was a stone block, polished, and dark grey, big enough to lie on. At one end [was] a metal semi-circle. Fearfully, Berulia climbed on, and lay back, using the semi-circle to rest her neck. Stragian took a second semi-circle, putting it over the first, to make a complete circle around her neck. Then he turned the device on.

Berulia gasped, since she had no voice to scream with. Her shoulder blades, the backs of her arms and legs, her buttocks, wherever she was touching the block were suddenly burning agony. "Feels like you're on fire, doesn't it?" said Stragian. "You're not. It's a pain amplifier turned up to max, so even the lightest touch feels like your flesh is burning." He ran his finger down her bare torso, a finger of fiery pain. Desperately she lifted her arms and legs off the slab, but the pain in her torso got worse. She writhed this way and that, trying to alleviate the pain, as the man watched, clearly enjoying the spectacle.

Now Stragian was circling her right nipple with his finger, and it felt as though her whole breast was on aflame. "Let's do both," said Stragian. She shook her head fearfully as he slowly reached to her left breast, gasping as he started to rub that one at the same time, and now the pain was doubled. "Where else shall I touch you? Somewhere especially sensitive." One hand left her right breast, making its way slowly down her torso. She knew exactly where it was going, could already imagine the pain and the shame.

It passed her navel, and still crept lower. Now he was at her pubic mound, so close to her sex. She closed her legs tight... then gasped in pain, the touch of one leg on another was agony! Did she suffer that pain or open her legs and let him get to her most intimate place? For perhaps half a minute she suffered the pain of Stragian rubbing her mound, while she kept her legs together, but it was too much. She had to open her legs; she had to let him get to her sex.

She voicelessly screamed as he played with her clitoris, writhing and contorting at his touch, and then he was pushing his fingers into her sex.

At last Stragian turned off the device, and the ordeal was over. The collar was removed, and she could get off the fearful slab. She almost slumped to the ground as she stood, she felt so drained, but she stayed upright, if unsteady, shamed and humiliated.

"From now on," said Stragian, "your name is Bebu. If anyone calls you any other name, and you respond, you will be hurt. Do you understand Berulia?" She did not want to be Bebu, but the thought of going back on the slab terrified her. She kept still as he looked expectantly at her. "Very good. Do you understand, Bebu?" Now she nodded.

The men put her mother on the slab, and Berulia, no, Bebu, watched as she squirmed and squealed in agony. Afterwards Stragian named her Hala.

"Chain them up boys, and we'll have some fun." Bebu and Hala were grabbed by two men apiece. Bebu was pushed down so she was bending over the slab, with Hala likewise from the other side. Her wrists were manacled to the floor, and then the men went to the other side of the slab.

One of them ran his finger between her buttocks, then lower, to find her sex. "Open your legs wide, greenie," he said. The thought of having to endure more torture made her quick to obey, and now he had even better access to her pussy. The other man manacled her ankles.

She looked to her left, to see Hala, lying the opposite way around. Bebu's head was next to her ass. One of the pirates now dropped his pants, and Bebu could see his cock. She remembered her father's willy, small and shriveled. This was not like that at all. It was red and angry, long and smooth, and pointed at her mother's crotch.

As Bebu watched, the man grabbed Hala's hips, and pushed his cock into her. Bebu had a brief moment to wonder what that was like, before she found out. She felt hands on her ass, then something being pushed into her sex. She so desperately want to get away, or just to scream at the horror of it, but all she could do was lie there and let him use her.

The men took it in turns to stick their horrid cocks into the restrained women. Hour after hour, until the girls were sore, and stunk of cum and sweat, their buttocks bruised from being smacked and pinched.

At last the two women were released. A bucket of food scraps that looked like it had been scrapped from the men's plates was put on the floor, and they were left for the night. They fell into each other's arms, sobbing. The fact that they could not speak, could not console each other made it so much worse. Neither wanted to eat the disgusting food, and after a while exhaustion led to sleep.

In the morning, they were wakened with a bucket of cold water, which the men found hilarious. Berulia, or Bebu now, lay on the stone table to endure her ten minutes of pain, then Hala took her turn.
