 Word from the author: I forgot to mention in my prologue, this is my first time ever writing here. Hopefully as I continue to write stories on here, my understanding on how good stories are written will improve. That being said, I really do appreciate the constructive criticism that you guys provide for me in the comments. I know that I am far from being a perfect writer, so don't hesitate when you find something you don't like worth noting. Thanks! 

-DataGrowth 

***** 

My eyes opened. I had dreamt of a girl. I didn't remember much of the dream itself, only that the girl smelled really nice. Golden rays of the sun peaked through my blinds and tickled my face. My alarm clock read 7:32 am. For a moment, I watched the dust particles float around the air through the beams of sun. Then I closed my eyes again. 

Didn't I fall asleep on the couch? I thought to myself sleepily. My eyes shot open and I quickly sat up straight. I looked around trying to make sense of the situation. I could recall mostly what happened before I hit the couch, so I eliminated the possibility of getting drunk. Shrugging, I threw off my blankets and heard a slight, muffled sound right next to me followed by a thump of a body hitting the floor on the other side of the bed. 

"AH!" I yelled instinctively, falling off my bed and reaching for the nearest thing to use as a weapon. I grabbed it then realized something: Grabbing a cactus by its head is NOT a smart thing to do, regardless of the strange circumstance that one might find myself in. I quickly threw it to the floor and grabbed something more suitable: A fork I had left on my desk that I hadn't cleaned up. Amazing. 

"Come out." I said, voice ridden with uncertainty while pointing my lethal fork towards the area where the person had fallen. It peered out of the covers that it had been tangled in. A flash of gold caught my attention. They were eyes. A girl's eyes. She rose and my blue blankets fell off of her head. There, in front of me, was the most beautiful girl that I had ever encountered. It was the type of quality girl that I wouldn't even find in my dreams. She had long, wavy black hair that fell to the middle of her back. Her face didn't have a single hint of imperfection. It was completely clear of any flaw that a girl might find herself complaining about. She had luscious lips and bright, golden eyes. I stared. Then stared some more. Then realizing that I was staring, I quickly closed my mouth and averted my gaze in embarrassment. 

Wait, said the rational part of me. This girl that you don't even know is in your room likely ROBBING YOU DAMNIT, why are you not doing anything? I realized that was true, so I acted. 

"Umm... Hi." I said uneasily, lowering my fork. She was so beautiful that her presence made the consciousness of every single one of my insecurities flare up. One wrong word and I was afraid she would look away. I didn't want that. I wanted to see those beautiful golden eyes for as long as I possibly could. She smiled. 

"Cute." She said. Her voice was a song to my very soul. She let out a one breath-laugh but then suddenly her face turned very pale. She averted her gaze downwards and began to stammer, 

"I am so sorry master. It is unfit for one as lowly as me to talk in such a way to you." 

There was silence for a bit. Then I realized that she was talking about me. I would have thought that it was a joke if it weren't for her facial expression, which reflected pure guilt, mixed in with a bit of fear. She bit her trembling lip and waited for a reply. I realized that I was keeping her waiting because I was too busy staring. 

"What... what are you talking about?" I said stupidly. "Wait, who are you even? Why the hell were you in my bed, and how did you even get in here? I... Um..." My ability to create sentences finally shut down as she looked up and, once again, I got lost into her golden eyes. 

"I apologize." She said. "It's very understandable that you would be in this state of confusion right now, master. Allow me to explain. I am a genie." my skepticism flared up. 

"A genie." I said in a flat voice. 

"Yes." She answered "I can sense your disbelief, so let me demonstrate one of my abilities. Give me your injured hand." My hand? I thought. I looked down and realized that the hand I had used to grab the cactus was bleeding pretty badly. However, the breathtaking face before me diverted my attention so I had not even noticed it. 

"Well, Master?" She said. I looked up. Once again, I was keeping her waiting, this time because I was staring at my bleeding hand. Tentatively, I extended my bloody hand towards the girl. She grabbed my hand and placed it between both of hers. 

The possibilities of who she might actually be ran through my head. I had very little friends, so it was unlikely that she was being sent here as a practical joke. It was possible that Matt sent her here to screw with me some more. No, if he had somehow encountered someone of this angelic caliber he would likely be the one screwing her instead of wasting screwing time to screw around with me. 

A radiant golden flash snapped me back to attention. I looked up. It was lit between her hands, and immediately the pain in my hands began to fade. She lifted her hands away. The blood remained, but the holes in my skin were completely gone. Even the scar on the back of my hand that I had gotten from falling off my bike back when I was four was gone. Seeing me at a complete lost for words (once again), she smiled, but continued. 

"Eleven minor genies were created along with the creation of the universe. After creation, we were sealed into psiandrals, that golden sphere you slipped on yesterday." 

Recollection of the past events yesterday began to come back to me, from the finding of the golden sphere to the sharp pain that had attacked my arm when I was examining it. 

"Of the eleven psiandrals assigned to this universe, three fell into the earth and were found and sealed by a group of people that you would refer to as the Greeks. A man named Archimedes was able to discover the true purpose of the psiandrals, as a vessel that contained us. Unfortunately, after the discovery was publicized, wars began to break out in order to claim the vessels. The Greeks ended up losing two of the psiandrals. One to a group called the Persians, another to a civilization called the Romans. They knew that their empire was on the verge of falling, so as a last attempt to conserve their honor, the last psiandral-mine, was sealed into an underground temple shortly before their empire fell." 

"But wait," I said. "Why couldn't the Greeks just release you guys and wish the wars to be won, or just wished their enemies away or something?" 

"Releasing a genie from her psiandral is not an easy feat. First of all, a psiandral will only release to certain individuals with very specific attributes. It will scan any person that touches it and will judge whether that person is suited for and capable of handling the powers of a genie. What it searches for exactly is not known to me, but that information is only known to the Greater Genie that created me." 

"Well if your... siandrul was sealed away, then how did I find you in the middle of the sidewalk? And where are the other two that were taken by the Romans?" I asked. She frowned. 

"I am not exactly sure. We have very little knowledge on what goes on with the world outside of us after we have been sealed inside. The information that I relayed to you was knowledge that I acquired through a collaboration of manuscripts written from different perspectives of those involved in those wars. That is one thing that I am able to do, by the way. If outside knowledge exists, whether in a book or even in somebody else's thoughts, then it is mine for accessing." 

I took note of it. 

"However, I do share a link between the other minor genies in their psiandrals so I can tell you what happened after the fall of Greece. The first psiandral was in fact destroyed by the Romans when they attempted to use heavy force to release the genie inside. Yes, it is possible for us to die. The second was shortly taken back from the Persians and from Earth by a Greater Genie after realizing how treacherous mankind was. Why my psiandral remained, I do not know." 

"So I'm the only one that has ever released you from your sphere?" I asked, skeptical again. 

"Yes," She answered. "It appears that you are a very special and capable person to be able to do so." 

I frowned again. That didn't sound like me at all. I was nothing unique or special. I was never one of those people that particularly stood out in anything. The genie seemed to know what I was thinking and frowned as well. I looked up. 

"What exactly are you capable of then? I get what, three wishes and you move on to the next guy who finds you?" I asked. 

"No," She answered. "While that fable was loosely based on us, the context behind it is a little bit skewed. Once a genie is released, she is bound to the one who released her for life. You have as many wishes as you want, save they are not too majorly world changing." 

I was stunned. For life? Realization of what that could mean hit me like a train. The genie noted my expression and smiled again. 

"As my master, you have the right to do whatever you want with me, including naming me as you desire. As... As for my improper behavior earlier, I am not allowed to object if you desire to beat me as punishment." She said, looking down meekly. 

"What!" I exclaimed. "I would never do that! That's not the proper way to treat a girl!" She looked up, confused. 

"But... I am not a girl." She said. "I am merely your property to do as you wish with." 

I would not hear of anything of the sort. 

"I don't care what you really are, but you are the single most beautiful girl that I have ever even seen in my life. And I don't care what you say about you being my property, you're another living form like me so there shouldn't ever be an excuse to beat you." I said, recalling the words of my father when I had asked why fathers beat their kids like I had seen on the news. The genie blushed. 

"I see." She said. "Perhaps this is the reason why my psiandral chose you as the individual to use me. I told you that I am connected to the other genies of this universe, but I have never even heard of a master comparing my or her genie as an equal. From what I've seen, most of the genies that have been released are objectified and beaten almost regularly." 

"Well that's stupid, and I'm not like those masters, if they could even be called that." I said, disgusted with what I had heard. "Anyways, you said that I was in charge of naming you?" She nodded. 

I thought for a while. 

"Melody." I said. "To reflect the beauty of your voice." She blushed again, this time much deeper. 

"Melody," she repeated, golden eyes shining. "It sounds beautiful." 

I stood up and offered her my hand. She smiled and took it, rising with me. As she did, the rest of my blanket fell off of her body, revealing her lack of clothing. my eyes widened. my legs gave way and I sat down on my bed. Not only did she have the most beautiful face that I had ever seen, but her body was amazingly sexy also. She had a slim waist and stomach, and large breasts that were likely around a D cup. Her ass was very curvaceous, and there wasn't a trace of any hair below her head. She was the epitome of my perfect woman. Melody noticed me staring. 

"Oh?" Said Melody, a playful smile on her face. "Is my master interested in what he sees?" 

I was speechless. 

"Well why wouldn't you be," She said. "After all, my entire image is based on what you believe the perfect woman looks like. I forgot to mention that. The pain you had to feel when I was being released was me connecting to you. The pain in your head, specifically, was me reading all of your preferences to how you wanted me to look like, so, here I am." 

Seeing my lack of response (it was becoming a regular thing), Melody got closer to me and whispered, 

"Do I have your permission to touch you, master?" 

I nodded dumbly. She smiled sexily and crawled on top of my sitting form. She gently pushed me down and ran her hands softly against my body. I was felt like I was going into shock. This was the first time I had ever even seen a woman naked in real life, and here she was pulling my pants and underwear down slowly. The moment they came off, my member sprang to attention. Melody smiled and giggled softly. Then she began gently stroking my penis with her hand. The sensation felt so good that I was afraid that I would come right there, just by her gentle stroking. Before I could do anything though, Melody lowered her head and placed it over my cock. She began to bob up and down. I groaned. I had never thought that anything could ever feel this good. I didn't even last for sixty seconds. I came hard into Melody's mouth, my head ringing in pure ecstasy. Then I blacked out.