 The story of the Gorgons has been told in so many ways like most legends and myths. They were beautiful maidens, in service to Athena or Hera. They were wise and nurturing to all: to the rich, the poor, the wise, and the foolish. It's been said they were all blessed by Mother Gaia. The usual story is that Poseidon was infatuated with such beauties. Like his brothers, he thought he could take any female in his domain. A maiden refused him because of her duty to her goddess. So, he raped her. Athena, being the great goddess of wisdom, cursed the maiden to become a hideous monster that turns men to stone.

I have heard this story many times by my father. Sometimes I wonder if he met a gorgon. The creature's entire body is made of snake skin; the lower half is a snake, her hair made of snakes, and her top half a human female. As a child I was afraid, but as I became older, the thought of a half woman-half snake monster seemed almost attractive. Then again I was never a normal child. I like adventure, fighting, and women.

Growing up with my father was different than most young boys I lived around. My father was first a soldier, and then when he retired he became a traveling fighter. He didn't teach me to pray to the gods like most people did. Yes, he taught me about them and their ways, but pray, never. He said, "Knowledge and courage is what gets you through anything."

My mother? She died when I was young, but the truth was she left us for some other man who was an artist or philosopher. I never saw her again.

When my father died due to illness, that wasn't so bad really. Yes, I was still just starting my teens, but I didn't forget the knowledge he passed on to me. I decided to follow my passion and explore the world. Through the years I learned many skills, such as: sailing, hand-to-hand combat, weaponry, hunting, cooking, and basic learning. My body shaped itself along the way; which grew into a tall and muscular form with dexterity and durability. For all my skills, romancing women wasn't one of them. I love women, especially the more healthy ones, but my interest, or enthusiasm, for them really does come second to exploring. Only after I have completed my goal for that expedition do I subjugate myself to the wiles of the fair maidens or the rough experience of the whores. Either is fine with me because I deserve a reward.

I have found weapons, gems, art, writings, and rare items of both man and gods alike. I have travelled to distant islands, untouched civilizations, mountain peaks, and temples.

I have fought monsters, demi-gods, champions, and other supernatural beings. By all accounts I try not to fight. I'm not seeking glory, just knowledge and excitement. I have survived traps, battles, impossible situations, and death him- or herself. I've made him or her very angry as I have escaped his or her grasp way too many times.

This time, well I have said this many times before, death may actually have me this time. In a way I've been trying to avoid this risky undertaking for a while. There is an island, quite large too, that houses a temple of Poseidon, and inside is an orb. The story behind the orb is that Poseidon one day was bored and decided to create a perfect storm. Then he bottled the storm in a protective glass fashioned by Hephaestus. Inside, the perfect storm rages endlessly and becomes stronger by the day. Chaos in pure form. Again, not the problem. 

It is guarded by the sea hydra and mermaids by water; on the island's terrain there is said to be half-man-half-beast creatures roaming the entire island. Still, not the problem. Inside the temple is probably every trap known to man in a maze-like design. I can get through all that, but the guardian of the orb is also there. The gorgon, of all monsters it had to be a gorgon. A giant, a cyclops, Hades, even a damn ghost would've been better.

I prepare as much as I can. Fire for the hydra and poison for the beasts. Mermaids are tricky creatures because they look beautiful at first then they turn on you. And that's just the females. Mermen are vicious and have no qualms about killing a human. Then there's the traps which I don't know anything about, but I'm sure I can figure it out once I see them for myself. 

The damn gorgon. Why? Sure, all I need is a mirror, but they're not idiots. The moment she sees the mirror she is going to attack without reserve. I do know they prefer to kill men by turning them to stone. Keeps us like trophies as we get locked in fear. They can also crush, squeeze, and bite me to death as well. I've got my work cut out for myself.

Usually on these suicide missions I take my share of the females who are living within the borders of where I start. Once I start my adventure, I barely take my focus from my goal. Tonight, I eye a lovely, heavy morsel. She serves the patrons here mead and other small foods. I don't drink, but I find this type of atmosphere very comforting because I'm always around such rowdy environments. She eyes me every time she serves the other men. Her breasts somewhat fall as she bends to set the cups down. I order goat, grilled hard. She smiles at my order.

Soon, there will be a fight breaking out. This place is known for that. I eat my meal, pay my maid, and give her a note where to meet me when her duties are over, and wants a bed to sleep in. I never hurt for money, which is why I stay in log-inns. Before she arrives I look over my supplies, materials, and armory. I clean my weapons and check for cracks or rust. My supplies are herbs, poisons, jerk meat, certain vegetables that don't rot, and gem stones. My materials are a belt I fashioned to fit all my supplies and weapons. My boots will help out if I have to swim. My leather shirt is made from very thick hides and thinned out for flexibility and underwater maneuverability. I have explosive powder, and many different bladed projectiles that causes particular damage. This is my ritual that I do before each feat. It helps me to relax because I would just hurry off without a plan at times.

A knock at my door and enters my plump visage. She changed her clothes. Under her large and heavy robe is nothing. She even bathed. Not a lot of that happens. She comes to me without missing a graceful step. She kisses me and our tongues dance with calmness. I will make this night last is what she is telling me. I grab her rump, lift her easily enough, and place her on the bed. She spreads her legs and I touch her sex softly. I then give it a soft pat and rub in circular motions. She gasps and moans through her pleasure. I kiss her neck all the way down to her succulent chest. She grabs my cock and tugs. Feverishly she wants claim of my cock in her man-trap. 

I maneuver on top of her like a snake. She wraps her corpulent arms around my strong neck, and tells me she is ready for me to fuck her. I slide myself inside and she presses me into her fleshy being. I prefer to slowly destroy a woman's defenses as I stroke deep and precise. I tease women like this because the build-up is worth the eruption they release. She whimpers on the verge of crying for me to put her out of her misery, but I don't comply. She chose the wrong man to give her what she wants. I hold out myself because my cock wants to know relief. 

So here we are, two mortals wanting nothing more than to feel the bliss of orgasmic nothingness, but I cling to the world of control. I sweat and swear, and see my lovely begging. I pick up my pace and slam harder. She is finally able to let go and spews all she has into my pelvis. I pull out and shoot my cock off on her stomach; some lands on her breasts. I lie on my back and look up at the ceiling. The woman sleeps on my front. Again, I go over my travels in my head that I will soon embark on when morning comes.

I leave my beauty to her dreams early. I leave an extra pouch of coins. I buy a horse and ride to the nearest port. It's going to take me about a three-day's travel. It is almost the season of harvest so I have to hurry with this perilous undertaking. Riding horseback isn't so bad once you get use to it, but I prefer my own legs. I try to look around my surroundings and scan the environment. My own way of enjoying life. 

I make it to the harbor and sell the horse. Getting a boat to sail for a good two months is going to be hard. People know who I am. The "Crazy Wanderer" is what they call me. They know of my exploits and the treasures I have collected. Most would retire, but I guess I have that itch that can't be scratched unless death does it for me. 

There is one crew who says if I pay right they'll take me to the island. I reach in my belt and give them a pouch of gems. The gems literally came from a rainbow. I found them at the end of it and it just so happened there was treasure. Thing is, it's a toss up. Sometimes there's nothing, and sometimes it's a trap. They check the gems to make sure they are real. The captain gives some lecture about how I am practically a detriment to crews, but my money is real. That's not the only thing that's real. I work on the ship like a crew member. I have to stay in shape for my life.

Off we sail, and immediately I have to tell stories of my previous exploits. Though people are wary of me I actually make friends fast. I've been told I've been cursed by the gods and I don't even know it. Maybe that's why I've survived all this time. During the sailing I write and draw things I see out in the blue wilderness. I guess you can call it a record of my life. I had to find some ingredients so that I could make paper and ink that wouldn't be destroyed by the elements. 

The gods didn't like that. Basically, Athena, and whatever god or gods, had temples that carried the items. The only guardian was a giantess. In essence, a huge and tall woman. Fat and muscle perfectly coagulated. I had to do a lot of talking to convince her to let me have the materials. In the end, I had to kiss her (convincingly) with enough love that she would let me pass. It was hard because her whole mouth could swallow my head without her even trying. I just did my best by cupping my small hands on her lips and using all my might to had her feel my kiss. Her tongue sloshed all over my face, but I still tickled her hard, long muscle. When she giggled I knew I had to capitalize. 

I pressed forward inside her mouth and tried to suck as much on her tongue as possible. I massaged it with my hands and she sat back on the ground trying to keep herself up. I came out for a breath, but immediately licked on her lips. I pursed them together as much as possible and made circles with my tongue on them. She began to rub her nether regions and I knew I had won the day. Still, I couldn't leave her like that. I promised her that I would reward her someday for being true to her word. A month later I presented her with a giant. A nice oaf who was abandoned by his parents for being a nice giant towards humans. I gave him some advice about his future lover and left them to their future.

We are now starting the dangerous leg of my adventure. As the storms begin to rage more, and less sea animals to be seen, Poseidon unleashes his temper tantrum. We sail with our best ability, but the storm only plays with us. We sail better - the storm gets worse, testing us at every turn. I'm surprised that the ship holds out, but then here comes the sea hydra. 

The difference between a sea hydra and a land hydra - the sea hydra only grows back the same head, but they are more powerful because of it and bigger. Still, its weakness is fire and I came prepared. I gain its attention and it tries to swallow me. I throw the exploding powder inside its mouth while dodging a death-bringing chomp. A few seconds later the head explodes. The other two feels it pain and the crew attacks another head with spears. That head goes limp and dies leaving the third to feel that one's pain in the process. It'll die whether it leaves or not. The wounds are too heavy and the bleeding is too massive.

We finally get a break from the chaos that surrounds us. I help clean the deck off of hydra blood, which can be poisonous to mortals in large quantities. After we are done I go over my inventory. I'm in good order for now.

Another seven nights has gone by, and so far nothing, but the sun shines brighter than usual. Apollo's doing. The crew begins to wane under the intense shine. They hallucinate and practically go mad, but I hold onto my sanity with meditation and breathing techniques I learned in the east. Then they had to come, Merpeople. First the males to get rid of us quickly, but the poison I use attack their systems rapidly. Merpeople are very weak against waste such as machinery or land animal decay. It's a terrible way to die for sure, choking for dear life.

Then the females come. They don't get on the ship; they stay in the water and seduce the crew to come to them. The weak minded and fragile hearted of the crew jump quickly to their blue coffins. I will admit if I wasn't on my guard I too would be inside the sea. I ask them how far we are from the island. They are at first surprised that I can speak their language, crudely, but speak it nonetheless. Even the ship's crew looks at me surprised. I ask again and they continue their seduction. That is one thing I cannot take, rudeness. You kill my shipmates and don't answer my question? 

I grab one of my weapons, a whip. I had it made from the muscle tendons of a land hydra covered it with the scales of a dragon. I have had much practice with it. It's also longer than most whips. I lash it out at the closest Mermaid and wrap it around her neck and pull her onto the ship. 

I tell the crew to stay back and wrap more of the sharp, cylindrical edge around her neck. I allow a bit of breathing room but still easy to constrict. I show her sisters the kind of torture I will put her through if I don't get an answer. They are stubborn, so I grab the back of hair, pull downward, and her skin begins to scrape off. Dragon scales have quite the rigid surface. She screeches because of the jagged pain and her sisters cry out in horror. I ask again and they say three days sail. I let their sister go back in the water. We continue the journey.

Finally, we make it to the island. I'm the only one who is going to be in the interior. I tell them to give me five days and then they can set sail if I'm not back. I practically run through the deep woods. I already hear the hunting calls of the inhabitants. I'm trying to get a read on their positions, but with all the sounds bouncing here and there, it is not easy. One finally presents itself in front of me. I continue running forward and I unsheathe my short swords; specially made to use the strength and durability of the Athens army and the sharp and sleekness of the Sparta army blades. I don't have time to play considering my time table. The creature jumps out the way and watches me run by. I sheathe my swords and continue running. 

I'm nearly exhausted by dusk. According to the map, I'm halfway their. I set up camp for the night. With how tired I am I will sleep easy, but my adversaries are out and waiting.

Into the night I settle in my camp with a fire lit and a couple of traps set. I close my eyes waiting for dawn. I awake to the sound of my perimeter being triggered and one of the creatures trying to crudely stop the warning sounds. I just watch and wait with my hands on my blades behind my back. It finally stops and stalks over to me on all fours. From what I can tell it's female due to what appears to be breasts and no genitalia exuding outwardly. 

She gets close to me. Her sharp black eyes look at me intently. Her razor teeth and strong breath are way too close. Surely I can stab her, but at the moment I don't think she is here to kill, but more to gain information. She raises her clawed, but functional, hand and places it on my lap by accident. She feels my cock jump and she moves back quickly. Lithe muscles I deduce. She crouches at the ready while snarling. I laugh at the spectacle. I close my eyes to sleep. 

I feel her come back and see her observing at my crotch area. Again she puts her hand there and feels me up a bit. I help with the unveiling and she becomes enthralled with my cock. By instinct she jerks it and uses her tongue to inquire for its taste. I know she has sharp teeth, but I have to show dominance, so, quickly, I grab her head and thrust my cock in her throat. She gag-growls from each blow. She finally gets out of my grip and falls backward. She is a fighter type, but her instincts tell her I'm dangerous. 

I grab her leg as she tries to escape. I finally get both hands on her and get her into position. I sit and place her gently as I can on me. I get a few claw marks on my body and face but I've been through worse. With all her moving she's practically doing my work for me. 

She slows down her tirade and starts enjoying her predicament. She is tight, but her muscles adjust really well. I grab her breasts and squeeze hard. She clutches my wrists for a show of resistance. I match her rhythm perfectly and watch her enjoy. I finally wrap my hands around her ass and spread her cheeks. She has an anus and I stick a finger in. She roars in my face with anger, but it doesn't stop me. I thrust harder and she accepts the new impression. Her hole begins to loosen and more of my finger slips in. Her moans are a mixture of growls and humanistic lust. I have felt her release more than once. She has bled as well.

She collapses onto me, spent like never before. I need my rest for tomorrow as well. My cock goes limp enough for me to take it out of her. The next morning she is gone. I pack my things and continue. Surprisingly, I didn't see much of the man-beasts but I'm still not letting my guard down. The bugs here are bigger than ever. When I arrive at the temple there's a barrier the other inhabitants won't get near. The female that I had pleased the other night watches me. I wave with a smile and walk in.

The moment I walk in arrows are shot at me. I hug the wall fast and then it was over. I pick up one of the arrows and smell a poison. That's not fair. I come to some stairs; two sets actually, that lead downward. I try to make the best decision, and go left. Halfway down, the stairs begin to crumble and I move quickly. I make it to the bottom and the other stairwell is intact. I make a note of the hook at the top of the stairs. I don't know how deep I am, but I hear water around me. I continue on without hesitation. 

I arrive at an open area that looks like an underwater cave. My footing isn't all that steady because of the wet and uneven ground. I use my hands to guide me and then a switch is triggered. I run forward on instinct and the roar of the dammed water is released. I don't know how far I have to run, but the water is rising. I use a bag made from the lung muscles of these amphibians I had to catch for a favor to a merchant. They hold quite the large amount of air and they are water proof. I have three and catch as much air and under the water I swim. I go through all my air and finally I reach the end, which is a waterfall and plummet to the bottom.

I splash into the bottom and come up gasping for air. This area is even larger, and I see land, even sunlight. I swim towards the light and rest on the shore. I'm thinking I'm on the other side of the island. I walk outside and the sun shines brightly. Trees and other plants litter the place. In the distance I see another temple. As I get close I see the symbol of Poseidon on it. Hopefully I haven't wasted a lot of time so I can get back to the ship. I make as many quick notes and drawings that I can recount through the cave and on this island before I enter. Inside there is barely any light, and the small amount there is comes through the cracks in the ceiling. In the center I see a luminous orb and I hear low roars or growls from it. The color of its blue hues shifting with grays makes it look depressingly marvelous.
