 A hulder is a mythological creature, a beautiful, wild woman with a tail whose enchanting voice lures men to her, and they follow her to the underworld where their soul is lost forever, and where they remain as her sex-slaves until they are spent. But what if there was more to the tale then mere fantasy…?

Once upon a time there was a young girl who was searching for herself. All her life she had felt a void inside her, a thirst that no amount of drink could ease, and a hunger that no amount of food could quench. She searched high and low for something to fill the void, and her latest experiments had been in the realm of spirituality. She had studied Christianity, new age, Judaism, Buddhism, and lately, paganism. She couldn’t say that it had filled the void, but it had made it slightly easier to live with. She had read every book she had come across, desperately seeking more knowledge, and it was one of these searches that had lead her to the Village. 

The Village was an internet community for pagans, and here she had for the first time in her life felt as if she belonged. She had made some wonderful friends there, and now finally she was to meet them face to face. Once a year the Village community arranged a Village Gathering somewhere, this year it was to be held in Ireland and for the first time since she joined, she had the opportunity to participate! 



Chapter 1

It is a strange experience, putting faces to people you’ve only known through their writing. Some were instantly recognisable, others needed time to warm up enough to let the real them show. I was sharing tent with some of my best friends from the Village, and we all knew each other at once. There was “Star”, a wonderful European witch who had practically attacked me on her first meeting with the Village, and who later had become one of my closest friends. Then there were our three male flirtation objects, “Bear”, “DD” and “Stag”. We were all delighted to be there, and delighted with the sleeping arrangements, thinking that at least some of the many fantasies we had shared might at last be acted out.

It was Beltane, a time filled with magic and sensuality, when Mother Earth is at her most fertile and we plant in her the seeds that will bear fruits come harvest. In honour of this it had been decided that all those who wished it could take part in a Great Rite on the eve of our arrival. I had looked forward to this ever since first hearing of the Gathering, so I was determined to participate. Bear and DD were also eager and curious, and Star and Stag had barely been able to keep their hands off each other since they met, so they were off to the ritual site long before the rest of us. We took our time, it was a beautiful night, and soon I wandered off to the site with my two men at my sides.

It was a magical night. The ritual site was not far from the hustle and bustle of the camp site, yet when entering the circle it felt like entering a different world. It was peaceful, lit up by flickering torches and with a great bonfire in the middle. Some witches were sweeping the ground with their besoms, some were burning incense on the outskirts of the site, others again were setting up the altar, filling a large silver chalice with red wine and placing a beautiful black handled athame next to it. Star and Stag were standing on the outskirts of the circle opposite us, too preoccupied with each other to pay any attention to our arrival. The air was sparkling with energy, and I sensed that my two men felt it to as they each snuggles closer to me, placing their arms around my waist, seeking my warmth and presence. 

The ritual started, and it was beautiful! It was a tribute to the fertile earth and the horned god, her lover. Sensuality was thick in the air, and as the priest and priestess started walking about the circle with the chalice and the athame, I could feel my senses heighten. I had never before been so keenly aware of my surroundings, every sound, every smell, every touch, every taste… The chalice was now being presented to the couple standing next to us. The woman accepted the cup, and offered it to the man, and he drank from it. He then accepted the athame from the priest, and dipped it in the cup. They then returned the chalice and athame, and turned towards each other to kiss. The priest and priestess moved on and came to where we were standing. I knew this ritual symbolized the union between the masculine and the feminine, yes it somehow didn’t seem quite right to me. The Hulder in me was awakening; I could practically feel a tail growing from my tailbone at the bottom of my spine. When the chalice was offered, I didn’t take it. Instead I dipped two fingers from each hand in the dark red liquid, and offered my dripping fingers to the med beside me.  They each sucked them dry, carefully licking up every trace of the wine. Each then in turn dipped their fingers into the chalice and offered them to me. Their fingers met inside my mouth as I sucked the wine from their skin, dark red droplets running slowly down my chin. They both leaned in to lick up the rest of the wine from my lips, their fingers still in my mouth as I was savouring the taste of these two delicious men. When their tongues hit my skin, a jolt went through my body, a shot of energy which seemed to grow from my body to include the men by my sides. We were oblivious to the fact that the priest and priestess had moved on, a bond was forming between us three and we felt helpless by the sheer strength of it. 

DD pushed me gently around so that I was facing Bear, who leaned down to kiss me. DD’s lips were caressing my naked shoulder, he had pushed my robe off my shoulders and I felt the cool night breeze dance across my now naked body. I was not the only one though; robes were falling off all around us. The chalice ritual was finished, and people were turning towards each other, chanting. We joined the chorus, our voices mingling, rising towards the dark sky, growing in force and intensity. I became aware that my voice had risen above the others, creating a dissonance which somehow seemed like a harmony, I was flying, dancing, soaring through the air, while spinning a magic web which enclosed the men beside me, unifying our trio. Bear was stroking my back, his hand reaching down to grab my ass when I heard his strained voice crying “Oh Gods!” With a growl I cut the chant short, and pounced at him, knocking him to the ground. Doing so, I flung my tail around DD’s waist, pulling him down with us. I heard a loud gulp from him, but I was oblivious to anything but my own needs. The feeling of the two naked bodies against my own was intoxicating, I was on fire, and like a wolf I turned my head to the moon to howl. The sound that escaped my throat was nothing like a howl though, but a simple yet powerful song, a wordless melody which resonated through us all, firing up under our lust and desire, driving us to satisfy our desperate needs in a completely selfish manner.

DD pried my legs wide open, and I practically fell down onto his cock, feeling it fill me up to the hilt. I kissed him until my lips were raw and aching, yet it was not enough, it just made me want more. Bear was biting my neck, almost breaking the skin. He pushed my tail aside, and thrust hard into me from behind. The pain seared through me, but it was mingled with pleasure and I welcomed the feeling, reached behind and pulled him even closer to me. Their hands were everywhere on my body, their wet mouths leaving trail marks on my skin. They ate me like I was a meal and they were dying of starvation. I was relishing the feeling, delirious with pleasure; I had never been fucked this hard before! They were hammering into me, showing no sign of slowing down. DD’s mouth had found my nipples, and he was licking, sucking, biting them, a blissful look on his face, and all the while he was thrusting upwards, filling me again and again with that delicious piece of meat. Bear was on his knees behind me, his mouth seemed permanently attached to my shoulder and neck, biting and sucking, then soothing the skin with kisses and licks. His hands were grasping my hips, guiding my movements, pulling me hard back onto his cock. DD’s hands were playing with my dripping wet pussy, caressing my clit, slipping a finger in alongside his cock. I was shaking, my whole body a pulsating temple of pure lust, I screamed my ecstasy to the sky and came, came, came, as hard as never before, my muscles milking both cocks inside me dry as both men joined my chorus of ecstatic moans. We fell to the ground, both men still inside me, my body still trembling and convulsing from the aftershocks.

Our bodies were slippery from the sweat, and Bear was crushing me with his weight, yet I couldn’t think, far less move. I was vaguely aware of a tremendous sense of relief and excitement. This was it; this was what I had been searching for all these years. The insatiable thirst that I had never been able to identify had finally been satisfied, and I was content. 

I don’t know how long we lay there, but slowly I became aware of our surroundings. The men still seemed lost to this world, but I noticed that we were not alone. The high priestess who had lead the ritual was sitting still on the ground a few metres away, quietly watching our trio. I wondered how long she had been there, but didn’t really care. She saw that I had returned to the present, and smiled at me, inviting me to come over and join her. I was reluctant to move, but knew I would have to sooner or later, so I carefully wiggled free of the bodies clinging to me. My still swollen flesh objected to being parted with the cocks still filling me, so it was almost ten minutes later when I sat down next to the priestess. For a few minutes we watched the still sleeping men, who were now embracing each other in their sleep, seeking each others warmth in my absence.

“A beautiful picture, isn’t it?” The elderly witch obviously didn’t expect an answer to the question. She smiled at me, and then continued “Do you know who I am?” This time an answer seemed to be expected, so I shook my head, which made her smile a little broader. “No, you’re new here. I’ve been leading rituals since before you were born, and I know things about the world that would make most people go insane. I’m a witch, a seeker, a student, a crone. You don’t know who I am, but I know who you are. And more importantly, I know WHAT you are.” My confusion must have shown, for she laughed a little, and then nodded to something between my legs. I looked down, and saw a tail. 

I had been aware of it during the frantic sex, I had even used it to hug my lovers closer to me, and I hadn’t questioned its presence. Now reality was sinking in, and the presence of a tail seemed totally out of place! I started to back up away from it, but it followed me, and it dawned on me that it was attached to me, it was MY tail. It was a part of me, as much as my arms and legs. It was a strange thought, but the feeling of being in a different world was still clinging to me, and it didn’t freak me out as completely as one would have thought. Still, I must have looked rather lost and confused, because the old witch sighed, and looked over at the men before she started talking, almost as if to herself:

“People tend to read old stories from mythologies and write them off as fairytales. Entertaining to be sure, but not relevant to the real world, the world we live in, work in, and try to get by in. Yet there is a reason why these stories exist. They are meant to teach us about ourselves, there are many secrets to the human race, secrets that no amount of science can unveil, because humans are blind to everything they do not want to see. You are one such secret.” The witch seemed unsure of where to continue, and I was unsure of how to react to what she was telling me. A part of me wanted to protest, her words were opening a whole new world to me, and it was too much to take in. Yet the tail was there, between my naked legs, twitching uncomfortably and thus reflecting my own emotions. I could object to what she was saying, but not to the evidence that was staring me in the face.

“I can’t give you many answers, because I simply do not know much,” she continued, “but I hope I can help you understand a little better nonetheless. I studied Scandinavian mythology in my youth, and from what I remember it seems to me that you are a Hulder. Does that mean anything to you?” Tears were beginning to run down my face, but I didn’t notice them. The words vibrated through me, echoing deep within my soul. It was completely unreal, and yet every fibre in my being testified to its truth. The witch had continued talking, and I tried to focus on what she was saying:

“…and the stories of the Hulder differs from one country to another, so it is hard to tell just what it entails to be one, yes apart from the tail of course.” She laughed at her own joke, and then continued. “I’m afraid you have to discover for yourself what this means, why this has happened to you, and what you can and will do about it, I’m afraid I can offer no help there. All I know is that Hulders are sexual creatures; they somehow feed off the sexual intercourse, which might explain why your two young men are still asleep. I don’t know how this will affect your life, but you should know that according to mythology, the Hulder is a part of the “Huld people”, the hidden people, so discretion might not be a bad idea until you know more about this.” And with that she was finished talking. She got up, straightened her robe, and started walking away. I cried after her: “But what am I to do???” “I’d start with waking up your young men, and take it from there. I have told you all I know.” And then she was gone.

I found my robe on the ground, and pulled it on. It covered the tail, and that made me feel a little better. I knew I were among pagans, and that they were generally more open to new things then most people, but I still didn’t feel like being looked at like some freak-show. I considered doing what the witch had suggested, and wake up the guys, but decided not to. They looked like they needed the rest, and I felt an urge to be alone. I walked out of the circle, but not towards the camp site. Instead I headed for the darkness and solitude of the forest.

I found a path, but decided not to follow it. It was dark, but my eyes pierced the darkness, and I had no trouble finding secure footing in the moss, over the rocks, and around the mighty trees as I went further and further off the beaten track. The cold night air tickled my lungs as I breathed deeply, the wind played with my hair, and occasionally a branch from a tree seemed to stroke my head and comfort me. I soon slowed down my gait, and started to appreciate the beauty around me. The night was like a cloak I could wrap around me, that would keep me safe from prying eyes. I was just thinking that solitude had never been so wonderful, when I heard voices coming from a grove in front of me. Curious in spite of myself, I sneaked closer. Who would be out here at this hour? I had no fear of being discovered, the night protected me, so I soon came close enough to see what was going on. 

On a rock in the middle of the clearing, lay Star! She was naked, her fair skin gleaming in the darkness, the moonlight reflecting in her dark brown hair. She was on her back, arms and legs to each side, offering herself completely and unashamed to the man in front of her, Stag. He was also naked, his legs slightly apart, his hands at his sides, and his erected cock springing proudly from its cover of dark hair. I could feel a stirring in the hollow of my stomach at the sight; they were so beautiful, so free, and unashamed by their obvious lust. Stag climbed onto her, and entered her slowly while she reached up and kissed him. My clit started to itch, my nipples hardened and my body came to life again. I had thought that the frantic sex during the ritual had quenched my hunger, but now I realised that it had simply eased it temporarily. I leaned my back against a birch, feeling the rough wood through the thin cloth of the robe. I let my hands run down my body, my fingers circling the hard nipples, playing with them, teasing them, and then covered them with my palms, massaging my aching breasts. 

Star had flung her legs around Stag’s waist, her hips rising to meet his slow and steady thrusts. They moved together as one, their deep kisses matching the rhythm of their bodies. Her hands stroked his back, then moved down to his ass, pushing him closer, urging him to move faster, and the rhythm increased. His back was glistening with sweat in the moonlight, and I could tell from her moans that she was approaching the edge. I wanted to follow her, so I pushed the robe from off my shoulders and let my right hand glide down my stomach, to my wet and aching pussy.

Before it reached its destination though, it was captured by a hand coming up from behind me! Another hand came around me and grasped the other hand, prying both my arms up above my head. My startled gasp mingled with the ecstatic sight and screams from Star who had reached her climax and was crying it out to the night sky. DD walked into sight in front of me, and I knew it had to be Bear holding my arms. I wasn’t scared, but there was a feeing of helplessness, of vulnerability to the situation which made my still aching body tremble. From over DD’s shoulder I could see that Stag had shifted his position slightly, pushing his hands under Star’s ass, lifting her up to meet his cock, allowing him to bury it even deeper into her. She was still shivering from the aftershocks of her orgasm, her flesh still swollen and sensitive, and the increased friction of this new position made her body helpless under his sensuous attack. 

I was desperate to touch myself, but Bear had a strong hold on my arms and refused to let me go. Instead DD knelt in front of me, lifting my left foot to rest on his shoulder, and buried his face in my pussy. He licked the pussy lips, teasing me as I stood there helpless before him. His tongue reached my dripping wet hole, and he pushed it in as far as it would go. The movement made his lips graze my clit, and the feeling was so intense I almost screamed. Then finally he took pity on me, and with the lightest of strokes he flicked his tongue over my clit. Once, twice, three times, my hips buckling desperately to make him touch me harder. My eyes were glued to the scene in the grove in front of me, where Star again was approaching her climax. Stag was hammering into her hard now, mercilessly driving her towards the edge, his hands on her ass, his mouth licking, nibbling and biting her throat as her head was flung back in pure bliss. I felt DD drive two fingers deep into me, and at the same time he brought his lips down hard on my clit, sucking it into his mouth, his tongue lashing over it with broad, hard strokes. I screamed out, the orgasm exploded in me at the exact same time as Star buried her nails in Stag’s back, her hips buckling towards him, her mouth wide open in a soundless scream and wave after wave of pleasure washed over her! I could feel it, it was so strong, I drank the pleasure that exuded from her and felt it strengthen my own feelings.

Slowly I came to, DD was staring up at me and like a cat he was licking his lips, looking very pleased with himself. Stag was kissing Star, his hips still moving in lazy circles, and it was clear that he still hadn’t come. Bear had let go of my arms, and was caressing my breast, teasing my nipples with his thumbs. I saw that Star pushed Stag away and made him stand up. It was obvious that he didn’t want to pull out of her, but she smiled at him, and knelt down in front of him. Smiling I turned to Bear, and following Star’s example I made him stand in front of me while I sank to my knees. His cock was hard and begging for attention after seeing DD’s treatment of me. My eyes were again glued to the scene in the grove, and I mimicked Stars every move as she started to torture Stag mercilessly.
