 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Zeus watched Selene and her young lover fuck on a hillside in the light of day. The boy was exquisite, a golden haired Phyrgian named Ganymedes, long legged and perfect. He knew the youth's name was Ganymedes because she kept calling out his name every time he thrust his delicious cock into her sopping wet pussy.

Watching the youth's lean hips flex filled the king of the gods with a new but yet an all too familiar desire, lust. The seducer of women wanted Ganymedes, he wanted to ram his dick into that perfect probably virgin ass. He wanted to run his hands over the warm golden skin that glistened with sweat every time he climaxed into the Titaness' wet love nest. Not that he didn't enjoy watching Selene's golden breast bounce with each thrust. But this time it was the youth he wanted in his bed. And so he waited for Selene to go on her way before making his move. Turning himself into an enormous eagle, he swooped down from Olympus and snatched the boy off the hill. Ganymedes yelled with terror as the eagle carried him higher into the sky and farther away from his home. 

Arriving at Olympus, Zeus turned back into a god and grabbed the youth by the arm to drag him back to his sleeping quarters. Ganymedes was terrified and tried to pull back, but Zeus knew how to take care of reluctant lovers. He arrived at his rooms and locked the door behind them. Turning around, appraising the cowering youth, he said, "You might as well relax. You belong to me now."

Ganymedes looked for a way out but could see none. "Why are you doing this?" he asked desperately.

"Beauty like yours is wasted on old age and women," Zeus replied as he slowly approached the boy pressed against the wall. Ganymedes tried to avoid him but he stuck out an arm and stopped him. Now that he had the boy at hand, he ran his other hand down the boy's shoulder, over his lean muscled breast and down to his hip. "Relax and this will go easier," he purred like a lion and let his hand continue over the boy's soft cock. Ganymedes' dick would swell larger when he became aroused. Hefting the boy's balls, he smiled. "Very nice. Go lie on my bed."

Ganymedes hesitated a moment but then turned towards the large bed that awaited him. It was covered in the finest linen and a cool breeze drifted in from the open bay doors. He could run to them and throw himself off Mt. Olympus, but Zeus would catch him before he hit the ground. Climbing on the bed, disbelief nesting in his brain, he shivered when Zeus climbed on the bed after him and rested a large warm hand on his hip. 

"Very nice indeed," Zeus said and grabbed the other firm hip in his other hand. Kneeding them a moment, he pulled them apart and exposed the tight pink hole waiting for him. Bending over he licked a finger and eased it into boy's the virgin ass. "So tight," Zeus continued purring and worked his finger in and out. While he did this, he reached around and took the boy's cock in hand and stroked it. Slowly Ganymedes responded to the stimulation, his cock swelling against his will.

Zeus removed his finger and hand and climbed fully on the bed. He flipped Ganymedes over so that he was lying on his back. Admiring the swollen cock, Zeus leaned over and took it into his mouth, sucking on it like a warm tit. He found the tight hole again and slipped his finger back inside. Ganymedes writhed beneath him as he sucked and finger fucked the youth. Finding the sweet spot, Zeus did not let up until the boy was filling his mouth with cum. Now it was his turn. Rising on his knees, he gazed down with lust filled eyes at the sweat treat waiting for him to take it. His own cock was huge and would rip the boy apart if he wasn't careful.

Just for fun he reached down and rolled the boy's nipples between his fingers. He even leaned over and braced himself on the mattress so he could suck on those sweet buds. Ganymedes responded again. 

Zeus nibbled his way back down to the still engorged cock before raising himself to his knees. This was it. Lifting the boy's knees and slipping them over his shoulders, he pointed his cock at the virgin hole and slowly worked himself inside the tight hole. Ganymedes squirmed and cried it was too big, but Zeus would not stop. He got his cock fully inside the boy and paused to let him get used to the feel of him.

"Play with your cock," he told the youth. Ganymedes did as he was told and soon the feel of his hand erased any pain Zeus' cock had given him. Zeus pulled out slowly and then shoved it back in. In and out of the tight hole, his own cock throbbed unbelievably, he fucked the youth until he exploded. Ganymedes followed shortly after.

They were off to a good start. Pulling his dick out, Zeus leaned over and kissed the youth full on the mouth. "Whenever I want you," he said, "I will take you. You belong to me. All of you." Ganymedes swallowed hard but nodded his agreement.

"Now let's go bathe."

Zeus put on some clothing but Ganymedes stayed naked. Anyone who happened by on their way to the bath smiled at Zeus's newest play thing. In the warm spa, Zeus washed Ganymedes off with a soft rag. The youth in turn washed Zeus. He was shy about touching the god's easily aroused cock, but Zeus smiled and helped him along . Ganymedes washed Zeus' cock with the god's hand over his. As expected Zeus' cock swelled to its full raging length. 

Zeus pulled Ganymedes towards him and kissed his ripe lips. Zeus' then urged Ganymedes to sit in his lap while the god's dick nestled against his tender ass. Zeus kissed the side of his neck and played with his nipples, arousing the boy's sweet body until he was moaning with lust.. Zeus lifted the boy up and worked his cock back inside of him. This time there was no frantic humping. Zeus seemed content to have his cock inside the youth while toying with the youth's body.

Impaled on Zeus' cock, Ganymedes felt sensations that he had never experienced before. If he moved a certain way, a place inside of him filled him with incredible sensations. And when Zeus nibbled on his neck and shoulders while playing with his nipples, twisting and scratching them, the sensation grew until it filled him. Zeus knew what he was doing and slipped one hand into the water and stroked Ganymedes' cock. The youth exploded with a powerful orgasm. Zeus grinned and moved to lean the boy over the edge of the pool. He pulled his cock back and then pumped it into the boy's hole already filled with divine cum. Over and over he thrust into the tight hole until his own orgasm shook him. He was going to have fun with this youth with no fear of pregnancies. 

"Go back to my bed and wait for me," the king of the gods ordered.

Ganymedes climbed out of the water and padded quickly back to Zeus' room where a cool breeze quickly dried his body. There was a mirror on the wall, and he looked at himself for a moment. The face was beautiful and the body lean and hard, golden hair fell over his shoulders. Looking at his cock, he wondered if it would ever fuck a woman again.

Climbing on Zeus' bed, he closed his eyes and fell asleep.

That night Zeus showed him how to suck cock and deep throat it. It gagged him at first, but Zeus told him to relax his throat. When the god fucked his mouth and hit his gag reflex, his eyes watered and he gagged, but Zeus would not stop until he did it right. After several tries, Ganymedes learned that if he laid his head back he could open his throat and Zeus could fuck while he sucked. 

Satisfied, Zeus stretched out on his bed and laid an arm under his head. He was ready for sleep. Pulling Ganymedes' body close to him, he turned the boy so that his back was to Zeus' body. With his free hand until sleep closed in on him, Zeus petted the beautiful body down to the cock and back up. He could feel the youth's cock swell, but he was tired and only wanted to sleep.

Terrible frustration hit Ganymedes when he realized that Zeus was not going to give him any relief. What would happen if he stroked his own cock? Could he even do it without Zeus waking up? Not tonight, he was too afraid of what would happen. He fell into a fitful sleep.

In the morning Zeus pressed Ganymedes into the mattress and forced his legs apart, Finding the angle just a little off, he reached for a pillow and placed it under the youth's body so it raised his ass higher. The pliant youth said nothing when Zeus felt for the well used hole, fingered it a moment and then plowed his engorged cock into it. He knew he hit the sweet spot when the boy moaned wantonly and fucked the pillow. Zeus emptied his balls into the youth's ass. Ganymedes came a second later.

Rising on his knees, Zeus grinned and said, "You are going to be a fun fuck. I can see it now."

Ganymedes turned over. "I'm hungry," he said, accepting his fate and deciding to use his beauty to his advantage.

Zeus laughed and growled, "So am I."