 The moon is full and everything looks silver. I listen to the leaves rustling under my feet. Even though there is light, I can't see that far in front. I have been walking for an hour or more, I'm not lost, but I don't know where I am. 

My feet hurt so I decide to rest against a tree, my breath is slightly labored and as it calms I notice the tree is breathing with me, I press my hands back onto it's trunk, it is rough, it feels like it responds with its breath. My back tingles as I rub against the tree, my toes try and bury themselves in the earth. I take my trainers off and then roll off my socks, stroking my feet at the same time. Rubbing my feet against the earth and my back against the wood, feels so good I have to sit down.

My skin is tingling, I want to stroke myself. So I take of my top. I run my hands over my hairy chest pressing hard, my breathing gets faster and harder, as does my cock. I pull my jeans and boxers off, my cock is starring up at me. I want to touch it, but I don't. I sit back down and rub my legs, the same way I rubbed my chest. I can feel the ground against me. I start to thrust myself against it. My cock gets harder, it is aching for me to touch it. My breathing is so hard and fast that I am letting out loud moans. I feel lips on my ear lobe. 

I turn my head quickly and meet bright green eyes that have violet stars in. She runs a long nail down my chest and grabs my hard cock in her blue hand and hisses at me. She licks my cheek with her forked tongue and straddles me. Her skin is almost reptilian, but softer. 

She whispers in my ear, 'What are you doing here?'

'Wanking.' I reply.

She looks at me strangely. 'We don't often see humans here, and when they come they have clothes on, they look upon us,' she looks around, 'like we are something other than them,' she hisses, 'but you, you are one with us.'

As she says this I feel her wet pussy stroke the top of my cock, I shudder.

'You are human, but you taste different.' She licks my neck

I kiss her, I reached forward and tuck her green lip in mine. She swings her hips very slowly her wet pussy lips stroke over the very tip of my cock. I thrust into her and she plunges down onto me. I fill her up and she rocks on me as if my cock is her centre and she is rolling around it. I go to grab her head and force a kiss, her hand intercepts mine before I know I have moved and she forces it back against the tree

'See he has Human in him.' She whispers to the tree.

Her nipples stroke me as her upper body sways around my cock. I begin to rotate my hips the opposite way, feeling my her walls in case my head. I suck my energy back up into my spine, ready to build the intensity even more. 

She smiles approvingly. 'Better.'

I'm so hard, as I pull the energy back it charges up my arse hole, rubbing it against the floor and as I rock it makes my cock harder, I feel like there is a ball of light building in my genitals. 

She starts to ride me, her pussy raising to the tip of my shaft and back down again, like a piston. Every time she gets to the bottom and does a little hip thrust before going back up, I pull in her energy through my cock I hold her and climb up onto my knees, she plunges back down and starts to roll again. Her eyes are changing colour. They are green, then red, then orange, then blue, the violet lights are bright white. We stare in each others eyes and breath in unison, my breath in, her breath out. As her energy builds I feel her rolling around my hard cock. I see the light it is giving off through her body. It entwines with her light, green and white mixing together. She is breathing as hard as the tree is against my back. Everything around me starts to look white.

Momentarily taking form again, she whispers,' I'm ready now.' 

I feel the tip of her tail stroking my arsehole, I'm going to erupt, with every burst of energy I scream out. She slides her tail up me, into me, it softly strokes around as I rub hard against it. She hits my prostate. I pull it all back up into me I see light explode into my forehead. Then I come, as I come I feel her body shaking, turning into a vibration and we collapse on the floor together.

I sleep like I've never slept before.

I awake and she has gone.