 The pair didn't so much travel through the forest so much as they did get lost in it. Niabheesz suggested a "shortcut" that had them walking about without direction. Brok couldn't bring himself to be even slightly annoyed though, walking with her was a delight. Her reserve was long lasting but was eventually replaced by a burning curiosity, and only then the small gobliness open up about herself. As it would so happen, the tribes were having a celebration and she had been sent to another tribe so that she might check the preparations. She was also told to look her best. In reality, Niabheessz's mother just wanted to show her off to her snooty aunt. Her outfit was elven tailored, the jewels were the finest of all the tribe, even her guards had cast in a reversed attraction spell. All so that she could be paraded around as the most beautiful virgin the forest had ever known. Her hatred for it all burned her up inside. 

Finished with her tale of anger and woe, she listened attentively to his battle stories, revelling in every bloody detail. Brok spoke like a storyteller, just as caught up in his tales as Niabheesz was. The orc had given up on cranking his neck to talk to her while she sat on the horse, so as she was regaled with stories she was also left to play with herself to her heart's content. At any of the numerous death scenes, she would tweak her nipple and press harder against the saddle, barely able to contain her pleasured gasps every time. Even when the stories stopped Brok still had her complete attention, her eyes explored him up and down. 

The sun was still beating against him which caused his already sweaty shirt to cling to his well-toned back. His arms swung heavy and wide yet always in reach of his sword, and every step was a march. Confidence radiated from him, and he was certainly pleased by what he had accomplished, she knew that much. He sure was something else, like nothing she was ever told about. He was kind, yet vicious, and built like a mighty warrior. So far she liked him, she liked him a lot. Perhaps it was Brok who was to be her 'one', it was unlikely, but she was hopeful. 

Night came all too soon and a thick darkness along with it. There was much Brok had neglected in order to spend the day with his buxom companion, as he soon came to realise. He had no camping gear, and assumed Niabheesz didn't either. It had remained undelivered. He shrugged, it was a problem for another time. He turned back to look at Niabheesz, he could have sworn he saw her fondle herself but put it down as wishful thinking. Despite being on horseback the whole time, she seemed just as tired as he was, he supposed the attack must've taken a toll on her. Her first real taste of danger. 

Strangely enough, her face was a mix of composure, and if he wasn't mistaken, sinister intent. Little did he know of the Niabheesz's plan. 

Feeling brave, and a whole new level of horny, she called for Brok to assist her off her horse. She delicately placed her hand in his, and then, with all the force she could muster, leapt into him. Brok fumbled to catch her, grabbing the first thing he could. He clutched her ass tight, spreading her cheeks enough for a finger to press into her thinly clothed hole. Niabheesz, at long last, let a short moan escape her. Brok's member stood as evidence to his arousal. He held her for a few minutes longer, staring at her, holding her. There was a look of lust in her eyes, a desire for a ravishing he could smell on her. Slowly he smiled and pressed his finger harder against her hole. They remained locked in their stare, their faces drifting slowly closer. The orc's fingers sunk further into the cloth as he tightened his grip on the gobliness' soft ass. 

The gobliness had gotten more than what she wanted, and Brok wasn't about to put her down. She wrapped herself around his muscular figure and kissed him hungrily. The softness of her supple body enticed him and he returned the favour. Her serpent like tongue danced a dance of salivating wonderment around his own. 

Shifting her to one arm Brok's free hand began to explore her further. Try as she might she couldn't keep from enjoying herself. The touch of a man, a battle-hardened warrior no less, was such a welcome change from her own that she couldn't let it end. The way he squeezed and caressed every inch of her soft emerald flesh was more pleasurable than she had ever imagined. As he massaged what he could grab of her nipple, he ever so slowly walked towards the trees. Her back now against a sturdy tree Niabheesz had to force herself to concentrate. If they were to have sex, if Brok freed her of her virginity, he would be put to death for sure. Mouth to hot open mouth, she tried desperately to pull away, but she couldn't. 'Selfish!' She scolded herself, 'he will die.' Weakly she pushed his head away, legs still gripped his torso, and tried to speak. 

"N-no" she cried, it wasn't much, but it was enough for Brok to retract himself and bring his exploration of her to a halt. 

It was with a soft-spoken shame that she explained her situation to him. How her ever sexless plight drove her desire for him had made her act the way she did. The more she spoke the more flustered she became, she rambled faster and spilled all of her exploits since she first discovered herself. Brok listened and would have laughed had he not been as horny as he was. Her story wasn't doing much to help his erection, which now hurt to hold back. Knowingly or not, even she was toying with herself as she shared her out sorrow. 

A memory of his own sprang to mind, and with it, a solution that would solve their problem. One of his infinitely knowledgeable lady friend, who as it would so happen, was a dwarf. He had learned a lot from her and not every lesson was about combat. On reflection, a lot of it wasn't, but at least what he learned wasn't about to go to waste. 

"Nia." 

"...after that I started getting doing it in different places. Like behind the poison maker's cauldron, against the clan anvil, even on my way back to the clan earlier today." 

"Nia." She stopped her story almost immediately and looked to him, "I have a way for us both to enjoy ourselves and for you keep your purity." 

"Oh... I suppose that would be okay. As long as you and I don't, um... Yes, let's do that." 

She was a little sceptical when he began to pull off his clothes and asked her to do the same. Reasoning told her that being naked with a man would only lead to one conclusion, but she had no reason to believe that he would break his word. Thus far he had saved her from bandits, and gods know what they had planned, and had been an upstanding person since, by goblin standards anyway. If he really wanted her, all that was stopping him was a thin layer of fine weak silk. 

She tossed reasoning aside and put her trust in the orc and his erect cock. Niabheesz slowly undid her buttons, one by one they revealed a durable, yet still hard worked, elven designed bra. They cupped her mercilessly, and she seemed all too relieved when it fell to the ground, freeing her long-constricted bust. 

Stripped completely, they continued to kiss and grope each other. Mindful to keep his raging member far from between her legs, had laid himself down on the cool ground, his erection standing tall and proud. She wasn't sure if she was relieved for her chastity or angered she was going to miss her one chance at an orc's monster cock. She just stood in confusion until Brok called her over. 

"You'll like this. I promise." he said with the confidence Niabheesz desperately needed to hear. 

Still somewhat conflicted, she did as she was asked. This much was still new to her, but she was aroused and excited all the same. Taking her hand, he guided her over the top of him, now taking hold of her fine ass, he lowered her on top of him. Niabheesz felt beyond silly sitting on him as she was, up until his wide hot tongue slowly made its way over her slit, then she just felt heavenly. 

The abrupt sensation stiffened her back, then sent her falling forward. She had barely managed to catch herself. Before she could sit upright again, he licked, again and again, quickening his pace, determined to clean away all her pussy juices. Her moans only encouraged him, the lips of her pussy separated slowly, making way for Brok's moistened tongue. A sharp and sudden gasp was all Niabheesz could manage. She breathed in fits and starts as the orc continued his exploration of her wet core. Brok sunk his fingers into her ass, grabbing and massaging her in rhythm to his licks. She held herself off the ground, her watermelon sized tits jiggling and swaying ever so gently. She could support herself no longer, and fell apart as she reached the glorious peak of her climax. 

The gobliness was unable to speak, only shudder with glee. Brok, meanwhile, was happy to clean up whatever amount of girl-cum came his way. The gasping was broken when the massaging and tonguing slowed to a stop. She picked herself off the ground, but when she tried to stand away the same hands kept her in place. 

Still fixed inside her dripping honey pot, he moved his grip to a cheek and a leg and swiftly rotated her on his axis-like tongue. She now faced the full length of his body. 

Her lustful gaze quickly glancing over his firm abs and falling unavoidably on his throbbing cock. She went to reach for it, chastity long forgotten, but was quickly felled by a single digit of Brok's hand. In addition to his tongue work, her lover had placed a finger on the brim of her ass and begun steadily sliding his finger in to and out of her tight little hole. She fell forward onto his toned chest, completely unprepared for the wonders the tongue and finger combination. The moans didn't end and he slowly grew faster and penetrated deeper, pushing the entirety of his finger deep into her ass. It wasn't long before the wondrous feeling of orgasm approached her again, she clenched tightly and screamed loud as she came once more. Now satisfied, Brok gradually removed his tongue then his finger from her warmth. 

Sweat dripping from her face and practically fighting to keep the air in her lungs, the bewildered gobliness reached desperately for the engorged flesh that had been throbbing like mad during the whole venture. Her rigid nipples brushed against him until finally she had hold. She took his cock with both hands, his flesh burned with a desire for relief. Brok winced at the sudden attack of his sensitive manhood as it was so carelessly grabbed at. 

Beginning her guesswork Niabheesz listened intently to the gratifying sounds that he made as she caressed him up and down. He kept his mouth shut tight, but grunts and moans escaped him still. It was pleasing for the goblin woman and, as she finally released him, stuffed as much of him as she could into her mouth. Despite her enthusiasm, of which she had plenty, she couldn't quite take as much of him as she had hoped. There was no way she possibly could, without moving to another position and the complete removal of her gag reflex. To compensate for her lack of mouth, she pushed her tongue to his cock head, licking it softly. Good and moist, she popped her mouth off his purple head and moved down his shaft with a keen lick. The orc's cock had become, to her, a new object of fascination. A treat to be savoured and enjoyed at her leisure. 

Her small fingers uncurled from his stiffened member, her index tracing a vein to his base, and glided down to his balls. Teetering on the edge of climax, Brok's mighty cock was blessed with another moist lick and a soft kiss before she descended upon his jewels. With the famous goblin dexterity, she cupped and fondled his right testical while his left received a circular massaging. Unable to handle the sensation of her mouth and fingers, Brok finally surrendered to the habit of moaning. Niabheesz also found herself transfixed in the moment, grinding against his lower abdomen as best she could with her hands still occupied. She felt Brok stiffen with a groan, and immediately returned her focus to his member, pre-cum waiting for her attention. Taking two full hands of her ass, he grabbed on tight and came hard into her heavenly warm mouth. 

In an instant Niabheesz's mouth was filled with his seed, she released his shaft and streams of thick spunk continued to fly into the air. Ropes of cum coated her body, covering her in a salty mess. His orgasm was far louder than her own, and much more thick. His semen didn't taste nearly as bad as she had been told, though so few goblin women had been with an orc before. Niabheesz collected and licked his salty load off her dainty regal fingers and it all slowly disappeared down her throat. 

The remaining water from their journey was used to wash off as much of the coats of sweat and sperm. Once adequately clothed for the cold night ahead of them, sleep was soon found in the slightly sticky comfort of each other. The night had been better than most in recent memory for Brok, and for Niabheesz it was one she wasn't going to forget any day soon. 

Though morning was not so restful. An assault of small hands pulled Brok from his sleep, followed by a swift tying to a tree and blow to the gut. 

"Where is she!?"