 Greta Samson stepped off the train and stood on the platform looking around. There were few people around at this time in the morning and the train left just a few minutes later. She hiked up her backpack and walked to the exit where a taxi was parked. There was a man leaning against the hood smoking a pipe facing the warm morning sun.

"Excuse me, could you take me to Baumburg?"

The man turned and looked at her, and then he said, "Sure, it is about thirty minutes from here." 

"Yes, I know, don't worry, I can pay."

"Let's go," he said and helped her put the backpack in the trunk.

Greta got in on the passenger side and fastened the seat belt, while the BWM slowly moved away. 

The car moved through the town which was nestled in a valley about fifty miles from Frankfurt. The houses were small and it had a sleepy feeling to it. The few people she saw were elderly out walking with their dogs or by themselves. With the window open she smelt fresh bread baking somewhere and she realized she was hungry, but it had to wait.

"Are you American?"

"Yes, from New York."

"I went to Miami once, some years ago. It was too hot and humid."

"New York can be hot in the summer, but otherwise it's quite nice."

They left the town and drove through a forest with big leafed trees on either side of the country road. The forest was so dense she could only see a few yards on either side, and the sun didn't reach the floor.

"What are you doing here, are you on a vacation?"

"Yes and no, I am a student and I have taken a month off to travel in this part of Germany. I'm following the Grimm Brother's."

"Ah, the famous story tellers, lots of people come here to see this part of my country. Where have you been before coming here?"

"A flew into Frankfurt and then I went to Steinou to see where they grew up and from there to Kassel, the castles Tredelburg and Sababurg." 

"Why do you want to go to Baumburg? It's just a small hamlet no more than a few houses and an old church."

"Red Riding Hood, that's why I want to see it."

The taxi driver chuckled. "There is no evidence that the story came from there, quite the opposite. If I'm not mistaken the story of Little Red Riding Hood, is French and the Grimm brothers just wrote their version of it."

Greta was surprised by the man's knowledge. "How do you know that?"

"I grew up here and as a child, my grandmother told me stories, not only from the Grimm's but others that few people know about. One of them is about a young girl, I guess in the story she is a teenager, who gets lost in the woods and is found by werewolves."

Greta dug through her backpack and took out a note pad and a pen. "Do you mind if I take some notes?"

"Of course not. Anyway, the story goes that the young woman met werewolves and one of them fell in love with her. While her family and friends combed the woods trying to find her, she lived in a cave where she bore the werewolves children."

"C'mon, werewolves can't have kids. What would they be, children or puppies? You become a werewolf when you are bitten or scratched by one, not by birth."

The driver glanced at her in the review mirror. "I do not know about that, all I can tell you is what happened in the story."

"OK, go on."

"She grew up and each year she would have four puppies or babies with the werewolf and the family grew bigger. This meant that they needed more food, so they killed more people."

"Werewolves don't kill people for food."

"Young lady, I am just telling the story."

"Sorry, please go on."

"As the years passed and more and more people from the nearby hamlets and towns disappeared there was a demand to find the werewolves and kill them."

"Did they?"

"Yes, a hunter was called in and he together with ten brave men found the cave where the werewolf clan was hiding, there were at least forty of them as the story goes. The hunter and his men waited and when they were sure all of them were inside the cave they used fire and gunpowder to blow it up. The cave came down and berried everyone inside."

Greta wrote a few notes. "What does this have to do with Riding Hood?"

"There is a legend around here that some of the werewolves didn't die in the cave, and that they roam the forest looking for a young girl to have their puppies. The young girl in the story has a red cap, and the part where the wolf is dressed as her grandmother is actually one of the wolves in human form."

"That would make here a female werewolf. She should be able to have her own puppies, and then there would be no need for a human."

"True, but she is very old and bare."

"Ah, I see."

"Look, there it is," says the driver and points.

The car was on top of a hill and as it turned down the other side, Greta saw the hamlet bathing in sunlight. It looked like a toy town, it was so small. It was surrounded by forest, in many different shades of green. Pine trees and leaf trees mix at the lower levels, but further up the hills there were only pines.

"Where are you staying?"

"House Shemeling."

"Mrs. Shemeling, she is a very nice old lady."

The taxi stopped in front of a two story building with flowers in little urns around the windows. It was painted in white with a dark brown roof and Greta could see massive beams crisscrossing the walls.

"Thirty euros please."

Greta paid the driver and before she closed the door, she said. "Thank you for telling me the story, I hope you can drive me back when I leave."

The driver smiled at her and said, "Sure thing, Mrs. Shemeling has my number."

Greta knocked on the wood door and after a minute it opened and a white haired old woman looked out. 

"Yes?"

"Hi, I am Greta Samson, I am to stay here for a few days."

"Ah, yes, the student. Welcome, please come inside."

Inside the door was a big hall with a high ceiling. On the walls were hunting trophies and big paintings with hunting scenes. Most of them were of men on horses, hunting either foxes or wolves.

"Let me show you to your room, you can have a rest and then come down for lunch around noon."

Mrs. Shemeling led the way up to the second floor where she continued down a narrow corridor to the last room on the right. Greta saw there were three rooms on either side and each one had a number and her room was number six.

"I hope you like it, said the woman and stepped out of the way to let Greta inside.

The room had a high ceiling and like the hall downstairs there were several hunting trophies around the walls. Opposite the door was a window and beyond it Greta saw the forest, miles of it, like a green lake.

"The bathroom is behind that door to the left. I will see you in a couple of hours."

Greta dumped her backpack on the bed and began to unpack. When she was done, she opened the bathroom and found a shower stall with towels hanging on a rack beside it. There was a small basin and a mirror. She undressed and stepped into the shower to freshen up. She had been on the road for almost fourteen hours and now she suddenly felt very tired.

While drying herself, her cell rang and she smiled when she saw the number.

"Hi baby, what are you doing up so late?"

"I miss you Greta, when will you come back?"

Her boyfriend Mike didn't want her to leave but had no say so in her decision. He had called her every day since she left and begging her to come home. She liked Mike, but she was not in love with him. They have been dating for a couple of months before she left, and she was not looking for something serious. Her research took almost all her time, and when she wasn't studying, she enjoyed reading and just relaxing. Mike wanted to go out and party most weekends and in the beginning she would go with him, but soon got bored of his drunken friends. The only thing she missed if she was to be honest was his cock. Just the thought of it made her moist. Greta had been with several guys in her twenty two years on this earth. She wouldn't call herself a slut, but she liked sex and had no problems getting it whenever and with whomever she liked. She masturbated almost daily, not so much now when she was traveling, but in her apartment on campus, she had several vibrators and dildos to choose from. 

"Mike, are you alone?"

"Yeah, I'm in my bedroom."

"Please take a picture of your cock, I need to see it."

She heard him laugh and then his voice came over the cell, "sure baby, but you need to send me one of you."

"Deal."

Greta crossed the floor to where a large mirror hung on the wall. After making sure the light was right, she took a picture of herself naked.

Mike opened the attachment and sighed, what a woman he thought. Greta was tall, with golden blond hair. It has heavy curls and in the photo they hang down over her shoulders, covering her large firm breasts. She kept her pubic hair cut short and in a small patch above her pussy. Immediately his cock went hard. He turned on the light above his bed and took a picture of his erection.

Greta smiled when she saw the photo. She remembered how it felt to have him in her mouth and cunt. How his big cock head first spread her wide and then the long shaft drove into her. She lowered a hand to her pussy and ran a finger along the slit and it became wet with her juices.

"Still there?" he asked

"Yeah, but I need to rest baby, I am dead tired."

"OK, we'll talk later. Take care."

She gave him a wet kiss over the phone and hangs up. When she lay down on the bed, she knew she couldn't go to sleep right away, she was too horny. Greta spread her legs a little and her right hand found her hot pussy. She loved touching herself, she would first rub her clit to get wet and juicy and when she was ready, she pulled up her legs and spread them even more. Using two or even three fingers she would then fuck herself while her left hand continued to rub her clit. It didn't take her long to climax and as she thrust her hips against her fingers a deep moan escaped her throat. Her legs tremble in post orgasmic bliss and when she turned over on her stomach she went right to sleep.

A knock on the door woke her up and after putting on a long t-shirt she opened the door and found Mrs. Shemeling standing outside.

"Did you rest? Lunch is served if you would like to come down."

"Thank you, I will be right down."

After cleaning her pussy and brushing her hair, Greta dressed in a pair of black jean shorts and a sleeveless top. 

When she walked down the stairs, she could smell food and it made her stomach growl. She followed the sound of cutlery and found Mrs. Shemeling in a big dining room behind the staircase. There was a ten seat table set for two, and for a second Greta couldn't help to wonder why the old lady doesn't use a smaller table. Again there are hunting scenes on the walls but these paintings seem to tell a story. Starting from the left side of the door Greta came in through the first painting showed a young woman walking in a forest, then there was one of a wolf watching her from behind a tree trunk. In each picture the wolf and girl got closer to each other and the last three showed her patting the wolves head, with a cave in the background.

"Do you like the paintings?"

Greta turned to Mrs. Shemeling who was putting down big plates on the table. 

"Yes, they remind me of a story the taxi driver told me."

"Yes, about the young woman who lived with the werewolves."

"Who painted them?"

"My grandfather did, more than a hundred years ago."

"Wow, he was good."

The old woman looked up at her and said, "not only good, he actually saw the girl with the werewolf."

"C'mon, you are joking."

"Come, sit down, and I will tell you."

Greta grinned when she saw all the food on the table, there were several types of sausages, cold meats and a bowl with sauerkraut. One kind of sausage made her think of Mikes cock, they were so thick and long. 

"As I was saying, my grandfather was out picking mushrooms one autumn day and in he swore that while he was having something to eat, sitting on a boulder he saw a wolf walk through the trees and with him was a teenage girl with blond hair, similar to yours."

"Didn't the wolf smell your grandfather?"

"The wind was behind him. As he watched, the couple walking side by side, the girl would scratch the wolf on its head, and in turn he would lick her hand or arm. My grandfather said there was something special about them, like if they spoke to each other without words."

"But, that couldn't have been the same girl that was in the story."

Mrs. Shemeling ate a bite of a sausage and chewed slowly and when she was finished she looked at Greta and said, "Who knows, these are legends, and legends don't die. Some say she is still out there, in the forest with her werewolf, but now she is old and can not have children."

"That is so sad, imagine that, being the only two left and knowing that when you die, your family is gone."

The old woman nodded slowly, and said. "The saddest part is that there were two wolves and one girl."

"Wait a minute, how can that be. You said so yourself, your grandfather only saw one with the girl."

"That is true, but as the two of them disappeared deeper into the forest he swore he heard howling and it made him think there was another werewolf close by, but he never saw him or her."

Greta ate in silence thinking about what she had heard. This was just too good, imagine finding a legend no one has ever heard about, she could write a paper on it and publish it. Maybe it would be picked up by one of the magazines or even a major news paper.

"Do you know where your grandfather saw them? I would like to go to the same place, to get the feeling of it, you know."

"Yes, I do. He took me there a few times. It is almost a day's walk, but if you use a bicycle you should be able to make it in half a day."

"Great, do you have one?"

"No, but my neighbor has a few, he rents them. I'll get you one, when do you want to leave?"

"Now, of course."

"I don't think that's a good idea, it will be dark by the time you comeback, and you could get lost. It's better to go tomorrow."

"No, I'm not afraid of the dark, and if I have to I can spend the night in the forest, I have a sleeping bag and a small tent. I'll be fine."

"Today's youth, always in a hurry. Very well, when we have finished eating, you pack your bag and I'll get you the bicycle. I'll even make some food for you to take with you."

Greta was excited, she wanted to go and see what the area was like, get the feel of the deep forest with its sounds and smells.

An hour later she took off on a mountain bike with extra water bottles attached to the frame. On her back she had her sleeping bag and the tent and food was in her backpack. When she looked back Mrs. Shemeling was waiving but there was something off, she looked sad, like if she was saying good bye for ever, not just until the following day. Greta pushed the thought out of her mind and began pumping her legs and the bike shot forward.

After three hours of going up and down hills through a dark forest Greta took her first break. She was sweating from top to bottom. Looking around she striped off her t-shirt and bra and used her hands to fan some air. She was breathing hard and her legs hurt. She was in pretty good shape from jogging but the concentration of bicycling in the woods with roots, stones, and rock had taken its toll. She figured she had another two hours left. Her watch read almost four in the afternoon. The sun set at nine this time of year, but down at ground level the light was gone before six. She took out a dry t-shirt from her backpack and when she pulled it over her head she noticed her pink nipples were hard. Christ, I'm getting horny for no reason at all, she thought. She decided that when she left to go back home, she will pick up some guy in Frankfurt and have at least two days of wild sex, she couldn't wait for Mike. She got on the bike and began to peddle and soon she got into her rhythm. 

As she disappeared between the trees a black shadow released itself from under a fallen trunk. When it stood up it was almost six feet from snout to where the tail began, with the massive head it was close to five feet from paw to the tip of its ears. Its snout was long and when it opened its jaws four fangs almost five inches long showed. It lowered its head and sniffed the spot where the girl had stood. He can smell her sweat and sex, which excited him. It was a long, long time ago, he had last had sex with a human. He walked a few paces and then lifted his right leg and urinated against a tree. Then he shook his head and loped over another trunk and disappeared into the trees in a parallel line to the girl.

Greta reached the summit of the hill she had gone up and stopped. The way down looks clear with few roots and rock. She looked at the sun setting among the trees and took off down the hill. When she was almost at the bottom she saw a long root up ahead but there was no time to stop, the front wheel hit it hard and she was flung over the handle bars and landed on her shoulder. Her head slammed into the ground and she was dazed. She tried to get up but she was too weak and lay down again. When she touched her head her finger comes back with blood on it, and fear gripped her. How long will it be until someone comes by? When she tried to sit up everything went black and she passed out.

The big wolf walked up to the young girl and then made a circle around her. He could smell blood and found the wound on the side of her head. He began to lick it, savoring the taste.

Greta came to because her head was moving and there was a strange smell. When she opened her eyes she saw a pair of big paws beside her and when she turned up her eyes she looked into the lower jaw of a giant wolf, then she passed out again.

When she woke up again she immediately noticed something was off. She sat up straight and then held her head as nausea swept over her. She swallowed a few times trying to get control over herself. When she felt a little better she looked around and saw she was in a room, and no longer in the woods. The room had walls made of thick logs and a small window with bars. There was a chair in one corner where someone had hung her clothes. When she looked down she saw she was dressed in a robe of some rough material. It felt hard against her skin and nipples. She pulled down the blanket and saw it reached to her knees, and felt she had no underwear on. Someone had undressed her and put her in the bed. 

"Hello?" she called out, but there was no answer. She slowly moved her legs so they hung over the bed and tried to stand up. She felt a bit woozy and sat down again. After a few minutes she tried again and this time she got up and using the wall as support walked to the chair where she sat down. She looked down and noticed a bottle of water which she picked up, and after smelling it drank half of it. The water made her feel better and she decided to put on some clothes before heading out the door to her right.

It opened into a corridor and when she looked to the right she saw light coming from that direction. When she reached the end there was a stair case leading down and using the wall as support she slowly made her way down. As he reached the bottom she called out again but there was still no response. She did hear what sounded like plates and glasses being moved. Across the room from where she was standing there was another door which was open. She headed for it and walked into a large kitchen, at the other end standing in front of an enormous stove was a man dressed in jeans and a blue sweater.

"Excuse me, who are you and where am I?"

The man turned around and in one hand he held a cleaver. Greta took a step back and was about to turn and run for her life when the man smiled at her and said, "Hi, I'm glad you are up. I was a bit worried about you."
