 Spoiler Tags: Transformation, Succubus, Transgender, Futa on Futa, Reluctance, Monster Girl, MtH, Male to Futa, Bedroom Games, 

Author's Note: This is the continuation of the story Forced Changes. I left a little refresher on the story so far but you'll probably be pretty confused if you haven't read that one yet. 

***** 

The car was almost silent, only a subtle purr of the engine rumbled into my ears. A jolt in the road roused me from my uneasy sleep. Starting for a moment, I was confused about where I was and what was happening. Remembering calmed me down and I threaded my fingers through Lexi's, holding her tight. Shifting, I let my head fall upon her shoulder and closed my eyes, breathing in her sweet scent while my mind decided to review the strange turn my life had taken since the moment I'd been introduced to this vexing but wonderful woman. 

It all began with a nightmare that was anything but, followed by the... uncomfortable morning after as my flesh twisted into this lovely feminine form. I still only have flashes of being her thrall, the sweet submission that came from succumbing to her pheromones. The confrontation. Regaining my *cough* manhood. Our resolution. The tickle fight and her explaining her family curse, before watching television together. Dinner with my family. The misunderstanding in the bathroom of the restaurant, and what consent truly means. The frightening decapitation and even more frightening moment of being captured by her mom- Sorry. Mother. But I didn't learn that until later. Meeting the twins and getting a tailjob under the table by Sam. Playing a game with the twins and losing. The generation of edicts. Nefting and Lexi discovering my online profile. A soccer game and meeting new friends. Colliding with Mocha and discovering Lexi's Hulk-esque reaction to my getting hurt. Deciding to move in together and meeting both Lexi's mother as well as her mom. Returning to my apartment and having cookies with my landlady before getting abducted by Sariel. Meeting Belini and making the choice to trust her. My escape from the van and subsequent trek through the woods. Joshua helping me and giving me a ride to the Walmart parking lot. Lexi and her pursuit of vengeance inside the world that wasn't real. Bel offering me the choice and the vision of Lexi's death. My acceptance. Entering Sariel's mind and freeing her from Dr. Leshey's influence by introducing her to Sam. Bel and our sexual escapades on the tile floor before we left the nightmare behind. The final request of Bel to come and rescue her along with the cryptic message from her sister. 

Just as I finished recalling my time with Lexi, she killed the engine. The silence profound as I looked around, noticing that we'd pulled into an old corner gas station. Lexi patted my hand as I blinked at her sleepily. 

"I'll just be a second." She filled the car up, tapping a few additional buttons as the machine spat out at small receipt. My world bounced up and down as Lexi settled the car into the divots of an automated car wash. 

Only, none of the blue rotating cleaners are moving... 

A flash of violet light was the only warning before the car meandered through a rift between worlds. She didn't even give me time to swear as I once more took a trip through a rainbows kaleidoscopic stomach after a hard night of drinking. 

"Fuck! I hate that. Fuck," I bitched, cradling my stomach and curling over, swallowing back the bile. 

"I know, honey," she said, rubbing my back as my stomach tried to rock climb out my mouth. 

"You've got to be shitting me. There's a portal to another dimension tucked away in a corner station car wash?" I asked incredulously. 

"Where else would we stash it?" Lexi asked, completely serious. 

"... You know what, I don't know. I guess a car wash is as good a place as any." I wiggled around in an effort to exorcise the goosebumps from my arms and settle my stomach. 

"Go ahead and rest. We've got a two hour drive to get where we're going," Lexi said while I fought to swallow the bile generated from the gut wrenching transition. 

The human body was not meant to travel in such a manner. 

Exhaustion conquered discomfort and my cheek fell onto the pleasantly cool window. A lady-like streek of drool slipped out my mouth and trickled down the clear glass. I'd almost drifted fully asleep when Bel whispered softly in my ear. "I'm afraid I must leave you alone for a bit Sydney." A note of strain was threaded into the timber of her voice. 

"Are you okay?" I whispered, sitting up in my seat. 

"I'm fine. Well... I will be fine. Well, relatively fine. No worse off than when I first contacted you, certainly. But our recent... proclivities, have left me drained. I'll contact you after I'm able to regain the energy." 

"Alright. Take care of yourself Bel." 

She chuckled softly and a phantom pair of lips pressed a kiss into my cheek. "Stay sweet Sydney." Then her presence vanished, leaving me alone with Lexi. 

"Bel?" my girlfriend asked calmly. 

"Yeah. She sounded a little rough and said that she had to leave me alone. Lexi, I'm a little worried about her. Dr. Leshay was a real monster, a zealot of the worst kind. If he finds a way to hurt her, or worse, tap into her power. The destruction he could cause..." I shuddered and Lexi kissed the back of my hand that was laced with hers. 

"It'll be fine, we'll get through this and rescue her. Later. For now, we have time to rest and attend to some more mundane matters than trapped goddesses and evil scientists. Matters like getting moved into our new home." 

It took me a moment to process her words. "...What?" 

"Take a look," she said with a satisfied smile, nodding out the window as she placed the car into park. 

The house was a little out of the way, set back in the suburbs, it was the only development on the cul de sac. A modern looking home, with tall windows and beautiful slate stonework and wide sloping roofs with pitch black shingles, it was everything I never knew I wanted. A little small for the acre lot it occupied, I fell in love with the house immediately. 

"So, what do you think?" A thread of nervousness was hidden within her tone. 

My answer was a clutching lunge and a passionate kiss, my hands thrown around her shoulders locking us together like two sides of a velcro strap. 

"That good, huh?" she asked, bouncing her eyebrows devilishly. 

"I love it, how did it- How much did it cost?" I asked, suddenly nervous, mind cranking through my, admittedly humble finances and coming up the deepest color red. 

"Nothing. Lets just say that there are those that possess the same skill with building that I have with clothing." Flicking her fingers she generated a wide brimmed sun hat , running her fingers jauntily along the edge as she cocked her head to look out from beneath the brim. She held out her crooked arm. "Care for a tour?" 

Fears eased, I hooked the offered elbow, allowing her to draw me forward. "I'd love one." 

The house only had a single story, with a large kitchen, beautiful wooden floors. The bedroom and bathroom, as I'd expected, were large, consuming the majority of the square footage. There were two small guest bedrooms with a connected half bath. The living room was modest with enough room for a comfy couch and small table for board games. 

This is our home. 

Emotion welled up inside me, choking off words and spilling from my eyes in happy tears. Jumping, I latched my shapely legs around Lexi's hips, peppering her face with kisses. 

"I'm glad you like it." 

"I love it. And I love you," I said, finding my voice. Unable to resist, I let my hands roam to her ample bottom, fingers sinking into her enticing curves. "I still can't believe you did this so quickly." 

"Well, it's not done yet. Sam should be arriving soon with a truck full of boxes from your apartment as well as a few furniture pieces I requested." 

As if scripted, a car horn beeped twice from outside the front of the house. 

"Hey lovebirds, pack up your naughty bits if you don't want to give us a show," Uno yelled out. Car doors slammed. "Actually, ignore that. We're coming in regardless." 

Laughing at her antics, Lexi opened the door to the more rambunctious of the twins, wrapping her up into a hug. Behind them, Sam bemusedly watched a giggling Sariel roll around in our front gard, staining her cream colored yellow polka dotted sundress green. I gave her an awkward wave which she returned. Rolling her eyes, Sam brushed past the chatting Lexi and Uno, giving me a firm but chaste hug. 

"We'll talk later, when we have some privacy." 

I nodded my agreement. 

"Group hug!" Sariel cried brightly, throwing her hands around Sam and I, squeezing us together. 

"Alright," Lexi said loudly, clapping her hands to gather everyone's attention. "Enough lollygagging, we've got a lot to do before we can call it a day. So let's get to it." 

We worked together to unload the truck containing my few boxes and a plethora of furniture pieces. Uno set up some speakers with, gag, country music and two and a half hours later we were done. The back of the truck empty, the five of us, sweaty but victorious, gathered on some chairs in our kitchen. We chatted, eating a pizza I suspected Sam had ordered and drinking some sweet alcoholic drinks that tasted something like orange sangria. I stifled a yawn but Lexi caught it, and bustled everyone out of the door. 

"Let's get you to bed, sweetie," she murmured into my ear. Planting a soft kiss on my temple, she scooped me up into her arms. 

It was so comfortable that I almost let myself drift off. 

No, there's something important we need to do. 

I wriggled in her grasp, forcing Lexi to stop lest she drop me. Crooking my finger, I beckoned her closer. 

"We haven't christened it yet," I whispered sultrily before kissing her forehead. The scent of cinnamon matched the tightening of her arms that heralded her suddenly rapid strut towards the bed. Her erection poked up into my bottom and I giggled, leaning my head into her pillowy breasts. She laid me delicately onto the bed, brushing the hair out of my eyes, my brunette curls spilling out onto the bed sheets. Taking my ankles in her hands, she stretched me out wide, laying my feet on her shoulders and letting her hands fall to my thighs. Her dick drooled its lubricating precum onto my mons as she aligned our bodies just so. Words were unnecessary, her blue eyes and mine shining with matching affection and lust. 

She entered me with a single luxurious thrust, filling me to the brim. I gasped at the sensation. 

Everytime. How does it feel so good everytime? 

Rocking slowly, we christened the apartment together, making sweet passionate love. The quiet of the room was only broken by the slick sounds of our bodies sliding into each other, followed by twin harmonious moans as we reached our climax together. My feet fell off her shoulders to the the floor, allowing Lexi to roll forward onto the bed at my side. Closing my eyes, I relaxed into the sweet sensation of satisfaction as Lexi's seed oozed from me onto the bed. I would've fallen asleep then and there, but Lexi was having none of that. Without a word, she hoisted me from the bed, dragging my almost comatose body into the bathroom, washing us softly in our oversized rainfall shower. 

"What the...?" she murmured. She touched something on my back that had the same piercingly sweet sensation as a clit. Even that wasn't enough to draw me from my exhausted and thoroughly well sexed fugue state. 

"We'll just have to deal with that later," she said, unwilling to raise the issue while I was so exhausted. 

Finishing our shower, Lexi toweled us off, maneuvering my body like a marionette as I sluggishly responded to her guiding touches. Drawing the blankets over our heads, she pulled me tight to her body. 

A.K.A. the most comfortable place in the world. 

She whispered lovingly into my ear as we both fell asleep. "I love you." 

Waking before Lexi, I decided to whip up a little breakfast. Only to be stymied by both the lack of ingredients and the lack of tools. Eventually stumbling onto a box of sauce pans, I started some water boiling for oatmeal. Returning to the bedroom, I leaned on the doorframe, watching my lover sleep. 

She's so sweet and adorable like this. An innocent facade that hides the deranged sex-maniac... But in a good way. 

Crawling delicately into our bed, I placed a light kiss onto her cheek, intending to ease her awake. Instead of blearily opening her eyes, she squeezed them shut, an arm lashing out around my waist, pulling me deeper onto the bed and into her clutches. After an initial 'eep' of surprise, I found myself laughing as Lexi snuggled more firmly into my backside. A brief tussle later, I emerged from the bed a good deal more disheveled, my lips aching and my backside sore ten red finger marks carved into my curve. Lexi hummed to herself as she sauntered to the bathroom, brushing her teeth while I finished making breakfast. Her arms made a 'v' over my stomach when she made her way to the kitchen, possessive in a most toe curling manner. 

"Mmmm, minty," I murmured after her kiss. "You're dressed up." She'd donned a sharp pantsuit and pulled her locks back, securing them with delicate looking crimson jeweled clasps that complimented her skin tone. 

"Mom's called a meeting, something about discussing my future." 

"Do I need to go?" I asked nervously. 

"Nah, I should be fine going it alone. I think it'll just be a preliminary talk, 'What are your plans now that you've found a mate?' and things like that." She ruffled my hair so it fell over my eyes. "It's adorable that the thought of meeting her makes you so nervous." 

"She's... Intimidating," I recalled running from Lexi and falling into her arms. 

"At times," Lexi agreed, eyes glazed with her own memories. "But I do love her." Lexi's tail had some chaste fun beneath the table, pressing gently on my cotton underwear while we ate breakfast, leaving me with a low-level charge of arousal. 

"What are your plans?" 

"You know... I'm not exactly sure. That's something I would have to discuss with you first before I made any sort of decision." 

I was thrilled be her consideration. "How long do you expect to be?" I asked her in our entryway as she prepared to leave. 

"Not all that long." 

"Good, after a teasing like that... Your tail is making promises I intend you to keep." 

"What?" She said in mock surprise. "I can't be held responsible for its actions." Planting a kiss on my lips, she raised the aforementioned appendage waving me goodbye. 

Unable to resist, I snagged the tip, fellating it lightly with my tongue. Lexi had already turned to leave when her knees almost buckled at the surprise onslaught of sensation. Yanking her tail from hand she gave me a heated stare, her blue eyes blazing. My mouth dried out at the confident assurances held there. She kept me paralyzed that way as she walked away, keeping her eyes locked on mine. Only to misjudge the length of our porch and stumbling. 

My fist flew to my mouth and I stifled a snorting laugh as a poorly disguised cough. Recovering, she smiled sheepishly at me, giving up looking at me to watch where she was going. 

"Love you honey, drive safe," I called out to her, feeling like a maiden watching her sailor leave port. 

"Love you too, listen I have... plans for later." The sultry way she'd said plans left little to the imagination as to the nature of these plans. "So I would appreciate if you held off from masturbating until I get back." 

I let this laugh ring out. "Sure thing honey. I think I'll be fine while your gone." 

"Thank you," she said in all seriousness, closing the door and swaying those delightful hips from side to side on the way to her car. 

Although, now that she put the idea into my head, I can feel a distinctive itch forming there. Stupid yellow elephant I'm not supposed to think about. 

Taking a butterknife, I sliced open the first package labeled kitchen, a wet spot dotting my underwear. Wrinkling my nose, I examined the cabinets, debating where the cups should go. Bending over to grab a cup caused my form fitting sweats to ride up, pressing the damp fabric deeper into my sex, not helping the situation, at all. With sodden underthings, and Lexi's command to not masturbate ringing in my mind, I got to work. Unsuccessfully trying to not think about touching myself. 

I finished unpacking all the kitchen utensils, breaking down the boxes for recycling and moving them into the garage. Content with my progress, I decided it was time for a little self care. 

Self care without the happy end. I'll continue whenever Lexi gets back, for now, it's bath time. 

The bathroom was large and luxurious without crossing the line into opulent. Catching my reflection in the mirror, I noticed the small nubs of horns that poked their way from my temples, slightly altering my hairline. 

What is happening to me? Belini! What did you do? 

Silence was the only response as I recalled the strange sensation from my backside last night. My hand roamed finding the tender developing appendage, and the nuclearly sensitive bundle of nerves at the tip. 

A tail?! I have a tail. 

I felt around some more. 

I have the beginning of the tail. What the fuck is wrong with me? 

Anxiety swarmed me as I traced all three of my new additions. My palms clammy as I stepped into the steaming tub, hoping to forget about the new problems for the moment, as there was nothing I could do to help with them at the moment. 

The bath, which was big enough for three, currently held my relaxing form, a large amount of steaming hot bathwater, as well as a significant portion of bubble bath. I was doing my best impression of captain bubblebeard, the scourge of the seven showers, when Lexi threw open the door and strode inside, freezing when she saw my expression. She was dressed in a mid thigh sleeveless number that hugged her loving curves. Blinking at her, I watched as amusement crossed her face, chased quickly by the all-too-familiar look of arousal. Lidded eyes chased me as I sunk deeper into the bath, washing away my sudsy facial hair. 

Not saying a word, Lexi stopped her approach at the edge of the tub which was sunken into the floor. I stared up at her, my long wet brunette hair plastered to my back. 

"Hi," I said timidly. Rosy cheeks bloomed, self-conscious of how absurd I must've looked, caught as I was in my moment of silliness. 

"I think I can honestly say that I don't think I've ever been more attracted to you," she purred. Kicking off her shoes was the only warning she gave before she promptly cannonballed into the tub. The resulting wave smothered my exclamation of surprise, partially drowning me. Coughing, I rose from the tub like a cat that'd just been doused in, well, bathwater. Only to catch the second wave that preceded Lexi's body floating towards me after she pushed off the far wall. Arms embraced me, while my hands bracketed her stomach, keeping her from crashing into me. 

She slapped her lips against mine, unspooling her tongue down my throat, forcing me to succumb to her kiss. Submitting willingly, all shame left my mind for however long she plied my flesh with her well practiced skill. My eyes half lidded while hers glimmered with satisfaction. A cheshire grin stretched her cheeks and she managed to maneuver her feet underneath body, allowing her to lounge back with her hand laced behind her head. Placed on opposite sides of the tub, I took the space, gratefully gulping down the steamy air that filled the bathroom. She cockily arched a perfectly manicured brow, giving me a wonderful view of her lacy purple bra through her translucently soaked shirt.The glimmer in her eyes deepened as her smirk slowly traveled across her face, switching sides. She curled a hand, and I felt a whisper of sensation across my senses, like a feeling the vibrations from fingernails on a pane of glass from across the room. The clothes that hid her tantalizing form banished, fading into nothing as they were dispelled by her magic. Taking the soap, she began to lather it across breasts that would make aphrodite green with envy. My mouth immediately dried out and I rubbed my thighs together in a vain attempt to dispel heat that was building between my thighs. The pad of her foot pressed into my my stomach, pinning me there for her to observe like a bug pinned to an entomologists board. 
