 Author's Note: A story requested by Sovietspyder.

***

Mia groaned and shut her alarm off as she rolled back onto her legs. She ran a hand through her hair, untangling any knots from her tumultuous sleep, and sighed at the heavy sensation of her cock flopping about. The fact didn't surprise her, not after the slew of dreams reliving every moment with Annie yesterday. A subtle moan slipped past her lips at the memories.

They say that no one forgets their first time. Mia could absolutely see what it meant, for her body distinctly remembered the sensations from less than twenty-four hours ago. She couldn't act on the desire churning in her dual-bodies, however. It was one of the few moments that she lamented her physiology. If she could just reach her cock, then she might be able to experience a fraction of yesterday's pleasure. Just the thought was enough to make her member lurch in longing.

She blew a lock of hair out of her face and trotted into her shower. It was her best bet at ignoring all the wild thoughts pervading her mind. And perhaps even find a way for it to get her off. Mia gently slapped her face, groaning at how one experience could change her so much. Sex and pleasure were the last things on her mind before.

"Ignore it, and it'll go away," Mia murmured to herself, glancing at her mirror along the way. The click of her hooves paused and gave way to deafening silence, the final step echoing off the walls in a poor attempt at filling the void. Her eyes ran over her reflection, or what the mirror could show. It was seven feet tall, designed for her to see everything about herself. Yet now it barely showed her shoulder blades and lower. She couldn't see her rump either.

Despite her sudden burst of height, her breasts looked no less huge on her frame. They still sat with their lower curves encroaching on her navel, but no further. She took a step forward; the fall of her hoof eerily muted in her ears and brought her cock into view. Just like the rest of her, it had grown. To her relief, it wasn't as extreme as her height gain, though it would be hard to miss if anyone knew her previous size. Even her sheath looked a couple of inches bigger. As were her balls.

She took several deep breaths. Her heart reluctantly calmed its frantic gait, the echoed throbbing fading within her enlarged shaft as well. The centaur felt her breasts, only to release them with a coo of pleasure, before touching the rest of herself. Everything seemed normal, no aches or stretch marks on her skin, which unnerved her. Something like this should've hurt or at least showed some strain on her body.

Mia shelved the notion of a shower and rushed back to her room. There was no disorientation or clumsiness despite her new physique, as if her sleeping body had already adjusted her spatial awareness. She ignored the curious thought and grabbed her phone, then frantically dialled Doctor Roshni's number. The centaur paced around her room, growing increasingly impatient at the ringing on the other end. It eventually went to voicemail.

"Great," Mia muttered and tossed it onto her bed. She took another soothing breath, fully aware that letting herself panic about this situation wouldn't help at all, "And it's really not that bad." She continued aloud, once again taking stock of her enhanced form. Her muscles were still present, and nothing seemed out of proportion. If she had a better eye for it, Mia might've even thought she looked better than ever.

"Always a silver lining," Mia assured herself, recounting her parents' favourite saying. If nothing else, Annie would undoubtedly appreciate the extra inches on her penis, assuming they did it again. The centaur bit her bottom lip. They had crossed a line in their friendship, one that movies would have her believe there's no going back from.

Did she even want to? Mia shook her head, uncertain if she was answering her unspoken question or trying to remove the thought. Either way, she pushed it aside and returned to her usual morning routine.

Her shower was made to give her plenty of room to move. The growth spurt compromised some of that freedom, however Mia remained comfortable as she enjoyed the warm water spraying against her, washing away any grime on her coat and her privates. Fortunately, the mundane task took her mind away from her burgeoning desires. Her cock retracted back into its sheath, offering a begrudging throb.

Mia idly ate her breakfast as she looked over her latest assignment. It wasn't hard, just tedious in the worst possible way. She sighed and set it down, already dreading the boredom that would eat away at her. At least it wasn't due in for another week. A smile teased her lips as she entertained the idea of using her volatile body as an excuse, though it would never work. Her college was infamous for giving very little leeway.

All thoughts were brushed away when she stepped out into the open air. Regardless of boring assignments or her absurd growth spurt, the joy of running couldn't be taken from her. Her legs worked like a fine-tuned machine, pounding the earth into the shape of her hooves, as they carried her forth. Everything was just right that day.

No stray animals or branches to get in her way. The wind was blowing against her back, and the sky was clear. Mia closed her eyes, indulging in her other senses for just a second. Her gallop made her cut through the air, parting it like a bullet. For the briefest moment, she could almost believe that she was gliding. Her nose picked up the mud and bark around her, mixed with the natural wildness of the animals spread throughout. She smiled to herself when she heard a human's grunt.

The expression tightened into a frown as a moan soon followed. Mia slowed her gait, coming to a stop just a few feet from the sidewalk. She opened her eyes and scanned her surroundings, undeniably curious by the strange sounds. The centaur knew that some people liked to fool around in a public space, but she never thought it'd happen so close to her. It wasn't hard to spot the couple amidst the earthy brown and green of the forest.

A girl had her panties hanging from her ankle, while she was being held against a tree. Her partner had his pants around his heels, while his hips thrust wildly against the woman. Both seemed oblivious to the possibility that they would be seen, as the girl made no attempt at subtlety. She demanded more and more, arms and legs locking around the man.

Mia couldn't tear her eyes away. Every moan the girl made was like a shove to her subconscious, forcing all the sounds Annie had made to the forefront of her mind. The centaur gulped and licked her lips, envisioning herself and Annie in much the same position, constantly on the fringe of being caught. A pulling sensation yanked her back to reality as the breeze brushed against her peeking cock.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Mia grumbled and rushed away, leaving the couple to their fun.

She stepped onto the campus with a heavy exhale of relief. Crisis averted, Mia thought as she trotted toward the main building. Her friends stood or sat at the base of the stairs, awaiting her arrival. It was Annie who spotted her first, waving to the spontaneously taller centaur. The others turned their eyes to her, smiling welcomingly. Then all their expressions turned to shock as she neared them.

"Hi," Mia said, unable to think of anything better given their amazement.

"Hi," Annie answered and walked over to stand beside Mia, finding that she was barely eye level with the centaur's nipples now, "You've grown."

"I'll say," Rhona added, finally recovering, "What're you now, girl? Eight feet tall?"

"No idea," Mia flushed as the ebony girl stepped close and critically eyed her body, visibly taking note of how much large Mia's breasts had grown.

"Fantastic," Keira muttered, stomping over with a mock scowl on her face, "Why couldn't you just be a giant from the start?" She clapped onto Mia's horse half, which now came to her eyes.

"It's nice that you can still surprise us," Annie said, catching Mia's eye with a wink as the petite girl's hands stroked along the centaur's silky fur.

"Y-yeah," Mia flushed, looking away to avoid her own fantasies, though it was impossible to completely remove the visage of Annie's delectable ass from her mind. She choked back a moan as Rhona's hands abruptly latched onto her breasts. The warmth of her hands seeped through Mia's shirt, which rubbed against her tender flesh.

"How the hell are they so perky?" Rhona wondered aloud, still fondling the huge breasts.

"S-stop," Mia gasped and stepped back, pushing Rhona's hands away. The centaur wrapped her arms around her chest, both to protect them from the dark-skinned woman and to hide her erect nipples. They gradually calmed under her fear of embarrassment, though she remained no less cautious of Rhona's perverted hands.

"Sorry," Rhona apologised and pocketed her hands, "I like to touch."

"I know," Mia groaned, recalling their first meeting after Annie introduced them. Rhona had wasted no time and groped her then as well, though it hadn't been nearly as intensely pleasurable as that moment. Not to mention that it had only been playful all times prior, rather than the flirtatious and despicably licentious touch from recent months.

"Just be glad you have something to grope," Annie added, smiling up at the centaur.

"Yeah," Keira agreed, then glanced at her home. We'd better hurry up. Our classes start soon... I'll race you inside, Mia."

"What?" Mia blinked at the proposal. The outcome would be obvious. A human couldn't outrun a horse, much less a dog.

"You chicken?" Keira teased, thinning eyes and inhaling to make the appropriately childish noises, accompanied by the usual gestures. The other three rolled their eyes at her.

"Fine," Mia relented, "Just don't come crying to me when you lose."

"I might do something else," Keira murmured, soft enough that Mia only just caught the words. She paid them no mind, though, and led the athlete to the campus gates. Annie and Rhona followed them, both muttering to each other.

"First one to the steps wins," Keira stated and smoothly fell into her sprint form.

"Sure."

"Who wins what?" Rhona interjected, smiling mischievously at the pair.

"Ooh, a bet?" Annie smirked.

"How about... winner gets to make the loser do any one thing for them," Rhona decided, before joining the two. Annie soon did the same, winking up at Mia.

"Anything," Annie mouthed the word and shook her hips, beaming when Mia looked away with a fierce blush on her face.

"Within reason," Mia added, though she doubted that the stipulation would mean much to Annie. Just a glimpse of the girl's eyes told Mia that she was more than willing to fulfil the agreement.

"Whatever... ready? Three, two, one... GO!" Keira shot off like a bullet, slicing through the air with her practised technique. Her footfalls echoed off the concrete below, sounding heavy enough to crack the ground. Rhona, then Annie took off as well, though they had no chance of catching up to the star runner. Then Mia launched herself forth.

The unmistakable gallop of her hooves caught Keira's attention. The track star turned and saw the centaur approach rapidly, leaving Rhona and Annie in her dust. Her powerful legs and body worked perfectly together, in an instinctive symphony that no human could fully understand. Mia's chest sailed past Keira, followed by the rest of her. A sharp slam of hoof on stone sounded her victory, while Keira and the others trailed after her.

"Too... much... exercise," Rhona panted as she doubled over. Drops of sweat slid down her face and glistened on her dark flesh. She was the least active of the four, preferring the internet and video games to honing her body. Still, her longer legs gave her enough of an advantage to just beat Annie.

"Right," Mia clapped her hands, looking down at them all with a devious smirk, "Rhona, you can't grope me without permission, ever!"

"But..."

"Keira," Mia continued, ignoring the ebony girl's protests, "You have to go commando one day this week."

"Fuck," Keira groaned.

"Annie," Mia looked to the shortest girl of the group, whose face was alight with anticipation poorly hidden by a concerned frown, "I'll tell you yours later."

"Aww," Annie whined.

"Shut up, you got off easy," Keira grumbled, "My thighs are gonna have chaffs on the chaffs."

"Yeah, and how the hell am I supposed to resist touching them big ole titties?" Rhona whinged, flexing her hands as if she already mourned the loss.

"Don't know, don't care," Mia quipped and trotted into the building, "Now, come on. We'll be tardy at this rate."

The three joined her. Keira's breathing had returned to an even rhythm, while Rhona was still haggard as she wiped sweat from her brow. Annie looked natural, having only run with the intent of teasing Mia. The centaur knew that from just a glance at the short girl, whose face bellowed her desire. Mia did her best to ignore the obvious lust, focusing herself on surviving the day first and foremost.

Mercifully, class remained the same despite her new height. Some of her classmates murmured amongst themselves, but none of them outright gawked at her. Mia folded her legs to sit down, exhaling in relief that her personalised desk was adjustable.

"Okay, everybody!" The teacher announced her arrival, the clicking of her heels only making it more apparent. Mia trained her eyes elsewhere. She hated this teacher, no matter how good at her job she was. It was the voice that was the worst. The eyes could be ignored, but her voice pierced any music or conversation like a steak knife through paper. And Mia had every reason to suspect that she was racist solely against her.

It wasn't unreasonable. Mia had met dozens of people like that, who thought her existence was a sin against life itself. But none had grated on her like this educator did. She slowly exhaled, envisioning all her concerns leaving in that breath. It was only one class every week. Nothing more.

Though it'd help if her shirt didn't feel so tight. Or if she had a bra that fit. Or if her thoughts didn't stray every few seconds, always finding their way to the image of Annie's backside, or lingering on the possibility that she would keep growing. Mia settled into the routine as the lecture began and her eyes remained locked on the chalkboard. Away from Mrs. Flannigan's condescending green eyes.

Mia adjusted her shirt, hoping to relieve some of the tightness around her chest. It was lunch period now, a reprieve from the hours long lesson with Mrs. Flannigan. Her friends sat around her, their spot on the grass all but carved out by the centaur.

"Don't how you can put up with her," Keira growled, taking a deep bite from her salad, "I nearly decked her after one class."

"Yeah," Rhona agreed, "Why the hell are you even majoring in economics?"

"I want something kind of normal," Mia explained, flicking her tail, "Desk job, family, kids, grandkids, etc."

"Who'd you even marry?" Keira inquired, arching an eyebrow, "You never even say hello to someone if we don't introduce you."

"You done expositing about my life?" Mia asked, dryly.

"The point still stands," Annie continued, "I mean, you're not exactly putting yourself out there."

"I know," Mia lamented, hanging her head.

"What about us?" Annie piped up, catching their attention.

"What?"

"Why don't you marry one of us?" Annie continued, eyes darting between them innocently.

"I... you guys are my friends," Mia blushed, looking anywhere but at the trio around her.

"I wouldn't mind," Annie stated, taking a large chunk out from her sandwich.

"It'd probably be fun," Keira mused.

"I'd only do it if you proposed with a huge ring," Rhona laughed, "Although, imagine being married to a centaur."

"The honeymoon," Annie giggled, aiming her smirk at the centaur.

"She'd tear you open, Annie," Keira chortled.

"Don't be so sure," Annie whispered.

"Did you two fuck?" Rhona asked with wide eyes and a growing grin.

"Me?" Mia blanched at the question, a fierce blush darkening her cheeks.

"She's too shy to do anything like that," Keira rationalised.

"Then what about what Annie said?" Rhona countered, arching an eyebrow expectantly.

"It's just my dreams," Annie laughed, "Don't take everything so seriously, Rhona."

Mia replayed the conversation in her head as she sat in her final class. Her shirt felt like it was trying to constrict the life from her, the form fitting garment clinging tight to the swell of her breasts and the dip of her waist. It was designed not to ride up and show her stomach. Now that aspect was tormenting her.

Not as severely as the fantasies looping around in her head were. Mia tapped her notebook with her pen, unable to concentrate on the lesson. None of her friends seemed against the idea of being with her, despite her being a centaur, much less that she had a cock most women would flee from.

"Why'd they have to say all that?" Mia questioned aloud, her mind submerged in visions of a honeymoon with all three of them. She had more than enough dick to go around after all. They could kiss and lick it together, even when she was... the centaur bit the inside of her cheek, snapping herself from the visions with the pain. Her cock throbbed in its sheath, eager to make her fantasy a reality.

"Look," someone muttered to her right. Mia turned and saw a row of girls pointing in her direction, their eyes staring intently at her. She frowned, then twisted her head about to peer at her equine half. Realisation pulled her lips apart in disbelief; the tip of her member had slipped out from its home. She adjusted herself, moving to conceal the sight. The girls giggled at her move. Mia's face burned hotly. At least her nipples behaved themselves.

Finally, Mia thought as she stepped out into the free air. Annie quickly came up to her side, striding in pace with the centaur.

"Any plans for later?" Annie inquired.

"Shopping," Mia answered, pulling on her shirt yet again. She swore the individual threads were digging into her flesh now, though it didn't make a difference to the fact that it was much too tight.

"Want some help?" Annie offered, "Always good to get a second opinion."

"Annie," Mia sighed, rolling her eyes at the petite girl.

"I mean it," Annie insisted, "But if you want..." she trailed off, hands running down her body to cup her rich ass.

"Later," Mia vowed. She couldn't refuse her body, not when her fantasies kept threatening to overwhelm her. Or when Annie, herself, seemed completely besotted with her. The centaur smiled at her friend.

"To the mall!" Annie announced, "Then to bed." She added with a sly grin.

"Is that all you think about?" Mia laughed as they headed to the nearby mall.

"Now it is, yeah," Annie admitted with a nonchalant shrug, "Can you blame me?"

"No," Mia shook her head, "I guess I can't."

Mia fidgeted as she perused the racks of shirts. Her current top felt ready to give in at a moment's notice, a sensation she wanted to avoid with the new ones. She didn't like loose clothes, especially now that her nipples were sensitive to the slightest touch. Lycra was an immediate option, yet it couldn't be all that she wore. Being a centaur didn't change the fact that she liked to be somewhat fashionable.

"What about this?" Annie held up a button-up tee.

"That could work," Mia nodded, adding it to the pile. She rolled her shoulders, hoping to relieve some of the ache in them. The stitching was certainly cutting into her now, pulled tight by her breasts. It had to be water retention, she decided. No one grew during the day, or not enough that it was noticeable, "Alright, I'm gonna try these on. Could you find me some bras?"

"Sure, what size?"
