 Keira moaned into the kiss as her tongue was utterly dominated by Mia's. There was no chance of an upheaval, her lithe muscle was puny by comparison, barely able to offer a token resistance as the centaur pressed harder. The athlete pushed closer, depressing Mia's enormous tits against her body. Warmth consumed Keira and stole all power from her. She was helpless against the desires raging across every facet of her slender frame.

Her hips rocked against Mia's stomach without thought. Each brush of her pussy made it sear in need, every inch of her insides squeezing tight around thin air. She had to get her cock. Keira broke the kiss, only then realising how much spit had spread around her mouth as the cool air brushed against it. Locks of her usually neat hair fell in front of her face.

"You look like a mess," Mia breathed, then leaned in close to press her lips and teeth into Keira's shoulder. The track star moaned as she was teased, unable to fully pull away despite the desperate craving boiling in her core. She brushed hair from her face and wiped at the saliva, inadvertently spreading it around. Its aroma filled her nostrils, intoxicating her. Keira urged Mia to look back up and resealed their lips together.

Every facet of her body ached as she moved. It wasn't painful, not in the traditional sense, but she had to relieve it somehow, yet she couldn't tear herself away from Mia. She coiled her arms and legs tighter around the centaur, while her tongue tried to find its way down her throat. Mia's hands held her ass aloft, powerful fingers sinking into the pert cheeks. Keira almost felt that she might be content to stay like that for all eternity.

Then she heard the slurping from below.

"Fuck, it's so much bigger," Annie's high voice sifted through the mild bliss, tainting Keira's joy. The big-assed teen then began to loudly slurp and kiss something, which was followed by thick splashes against the floor.

"Hmm," Mia moaned and brushed her fingers against Keira's pussy. The athlete frowned into the kiss, even as her sopping cunt was teased into becoming a miniature waterfall. She pushed against Mia, freeing their mouths once more. Keira panted heavily, not realising how long she'd been holding her breath. The centaur quickly moved back in to savour her body once more.

"Wait," Keira stopped her, lightly shoving against her head, "I want your cock."

"Already covered," Annie quipped from below, followed by a lewd groan.

"I can do it better," Keira countered and wriggled free from Mia's hands, dropping to the floor. She gasped as her legs shook and buckled under the weight, forcing her to the ground. The athlete crawled forward on her knees, glancing up in awe as she moved beneath Mia's underbelly. Her scent was infinitely stronger down there, seeming to replace the oxygen around Keira.

"Move pipsqueak," Keira grunted as she came to Annie, whose back faced her. The girl was leaning forward, pushing her ass out unnecessarily far. Strings of fluid hung from beneath the curvaceous cheeks. Keira could just glimpse the girl's pussy. She could tell that Annie was fingering herself, as she ignored the taller girl's demand, focusing entirely on her own pleasure and Mia's cock, "I said 'move'!"

Putting her stronger form to use, Keira shoved Annie aside and quickly claimed her lost place. She opened her mouth, then froze. There wasn't a cock facing her, rather, it was a behemoth. Keira wrapped both her hands around it, expecting her longer fingers to meet. They didn't. If anything, they only highlighted how monumental the task before her was.

"Ow," Annie groaned, "Hey, I was here first." She pouted and pushed against Keira, who remained transfixed. The athlete barely glanced at the petite girl as she stroked along Mia's enormity.

"It's too big," Keira breathed, even as she leaned in and pressed her lips against the head. It was wider than a grapefruit, the hole at its peak easily big enough to feed a finger into. The veins matched her fingers in size and outnumbered them by far, each throbbing powerfully as she followed them to Mia's sheath. Yet, all those aspects waned in comparison to the musk.

Keira had no qualms about smell. She practically lived her life drenched in sweat, or in a locker room crowded with clammy girls like herself. It was something that she was used to filtering out if it became too powerful. Except here. The scent was overwhelming, so potent that she swore she saw visible fumes wafting up from Mia's incredible cock, yet she had to have more of it. Keira had to be covered in it.

There was another scent beneath it. Stronger, yet milder, as if muffled by something. She sniffed around the peak as she kissed it, finding that the aroma came from the urethra. Cum, she realised and peered around the hulking prick to see Mia's balls, each over a dozen times the size of a man's sack.

"It's amazing isn't it?" Annie whispered, moving to lean her cheek against Keira's.

"Fuck off," Keira growled and pushed her away, refusing to share this glorious thing with anyone else. She opened her mouth wide and shoved it against the head, its spongy texture strangely reminding her of Mia's lips. If Annie and Mia were fucking, then this must be possible for them. That being the case, Keira had no intention of being denied the same experience.

"Mia!" Annie whined, poking against the centaur's underside. Her complaint went unheard, as Mia moaned, and her hooves clicked against the floor, moving herself against Keira's mouth, "Ugh, fine..." Keira faintly heard her shuffle away, but didn't dare move away. She was so close, she was certain of it. Her lips had never stretched so far before and there was no end in sight.

The athlete poked her tongue against Mia's glans as they steadily moved into her maw. Even before she connected with it, the flavour poured across her taste buds, such was the potency of Mia's scent. Keira's nostrils flared as she inhaled it with harsh breaths, exhaling as fast as she could to breathe it in once more. Her body flared in need, yet she remained in place as she gradually opened wider and took Mia's giant prick into her mouth. Keira's gaze drifted to the black orbs that seemed so far away, silently targeting them.

Her hands were never still as they rushed along the monument of cock. She squeezed as she rose, urging Mia to swell greater, while her tongue flicked against the sensitive tip. Each lick renewed the flavour, as if she was only sampling it earlier. Keira rolled her head languidly, moaning incoherent words of praise. The head was huge, completely locking her to the behemoth.

It forced her cheeks to puff out even as she tried to suck on it. Keira rolled her head to and fro, while she summoned all the saliva that she could. A muffled groan from above urged her to try harder, while Mia trotted forward slightly. She stared down the path of cock, zeroing in on the sheath. The halfway mark, she thought and shoved forward. A loud gag forced her to pull back as far as she could, though the head kept her from coming free.

Keira breathed heavily as she recovered. That was one problem she hadn't anticipated. The competitive girl thinned her eyes challengingly at the huge cock, then pushed forward again. She was slower this time, methodical, as she relaxed her throat and gradually fed the queen of all cocks down her gullet. Mia evidently appreciated it as her member swelled and spewed pre-cum.

The athlete scrunched her brow tight as she worked to swallow it all without choking. It was an endless tide, though, gushing into her like a broken faucet. Each drop was thicker than glue as it ran down her oesophagus. Keira could almost feel it settle into her stomach. She pushed further, groaning as her throat was forced to take such a monster inside. Mia kept gushing throughout, a hidden blessing as the thick, cock slime lubricated her gullet.

There was something more. Keira found herself sliding forward with increasing ease, her gullet swallowed every inch of a cock wider than a softball, yet any discomfort she should've felt receded as quickly as it appeared. She ignored the oddity, thankful for the ease in which her body took Mia's giant dick. Her lips soon found the sheath, from which the musk only grew stronger.

Mia's veins throbbed heavily within Keira's body. The slender girl practically felt them beat against her heart, each pulsation seeming to push a small tide of cum from her drenched snatch. She lowered one hand to her cunt and swiftly shoved a fist into her needful hole, stretching it taut around her fist. Amazing sensations piled atop the already addictive pleasure of having Mia's cock so deep.

Keira pulled her hand free just as her orgasm threatened to overwhelm her. Mia wasn't that close yet, she noted as the centaur's dick pulsated leisurely within her. But it was only a matter of time. The sporty girl continued to push forward and stretched her lips around Mia's sheath, gradually taking the loose, leathery flesh down her gullet with the rest. Whatever it was that allowed her to do such a thing, she thanked it from the bottom of her heart.

Her nostrils flared widely as the odour slithered through them like a sly serpent. It coiled around her mind and sank its fangs into her thoughts, poisoning them until all that she could think of was inhaling more. Keira angled her head down, hoping to press her nose against the musky flesh. All she earned was another burst of pre-cum into her overstuffed belly.

She peered along the shaft through bleary eyes. Tears were unavoidable with how her strained her throat was, yet they did nothing to sully her face. Her drool had already done so. Thick rivulets of saliva streaked from Keira's mouth, down her chin and across her naked chest. Yet the filth only intensified the fire in her pussy, almost bringing her to remove Mia's magnificent cock from her mouth and stuff inside her desperate hole. The thought was impossible to enact, though.

Until Mia came, Keira couldn't find the will to pull back even an inch. Her lungs yearned for oxygen, the airways blocked by a cock thicker than her calve. They should be ablaze, Keira mused as she forced her lips closer to her finish line. Her chest should be in agony. But that wasn't what Mia was like.

Keira moaned gutturally and bobbed her head back and forth. Above her, Mia moaned louder, and her cock throbbed faster and stronger, powerful enough to overwhelm the athlete's pounding heart. She stroked along the remaining inches, pulling on the looser skin to shove it against her face, before it was swallowed with the rest. The balls were almost hers. Mia's cum was almost hers.

"Fuck..." Mia gasped loudly, her voice drifting into Keira's ears. She had to hurry. If the centaur came before Keira reached her gorgeous balls, then that'd mean she lost. Unacceptable. Keira reached out and grabbed Mia's hindlegs, briefly pausing to admire the strength she felt in them, then hauled herself forward. Her eyes went wide as her vision was consumed in Mia's underbelly. How much cock did she have inside, Keira wondered while her hands moved up to play with the centaur's heaving balls.

"Ah! I'm cumming... Keira! F-fucking swallow it! Every drop! Prove you're better than Annie at being a cumslut!" Mia cried out, before her voice was muffled and her dick swelled massively.

Keira's hands moved to, and down, her chest on impulse. A massive bulge ran down her front, a circuit of veins following it. It reached out further than her meagre tits and lead straight to her belly, where the shape became less distinct within the jiggling mass. Her eyes watered as they strained to watch Mia's sack expunge the copious amounts of sperm-rich cum.

If the pre-cum was an indication, there'd be several cups worth, Keira thought in delight. Her throat swallowed reflexively as the first gushes came, each swelling Mia's cock in their approach. The heat roared down her oesophagus. It was almost scalding hot through the half-equine's enormous cock. Then the initial load exploded within her stomach.

Keira stiffened in shock. Her stomach ballooned in size within seconds, doubling the already pudgy expanse, before another burst did the same. Slender fingers spread further apart as her gut expanded, squeezing gently to take in how thick the fluid truly was. Every burst made her torso bulge as it raced to her stomach, before dwindling to force her abdomen to an even greater size. Not a drop moved from her belly despite the pressure.

Her pussy clenched with each shot. Juices poured from her snatch in a poor pantomime of the flood swelling her stomach, which fell to brush against her legs as it grew. Saliva drooled copiously down her front as she tried to retreat, only to be pulled back by her inane desires. Keira's throat worked tirelessly to swallow, encouraging even more jizz to pile into her belly.

She felt so heavy. Her gut forced her to lean forward, angling her throat and Mia's cock differently, allowing an easier passage for her cum. It seemed like gallons had already poured into her, yet, as her hands moved back to Mia's testes, the centaur didn't appear anywhere near done. Her scrotum was still so full. If anything, it seemed bigger than before.

"That's it, Mia," Annie's voice cut through the haze of borrowed ecstasy. Keira glanced around and saw the bottom-heavy girl crawl behind the centaur, who moaned constantly. The sounds grew as Annie disappeared behind Mia, adding a lewd slurping sound to the symphony, "Keep cumming down her throat. Make her swell up like a cum balloon."

"Don't... stop..." Mia replied, flank bucking slightly to fuck Keira's throat and rub her balls against Annie.

Keira felt Annie's lips against her fingers and moved them back to her own body. She rubbed at the centaur's cock through her chest, stroking it as still more semen gushed into her. The veins pulsated wildly against her hands, pumping powerfully as burst after burst flooded her stomach. Does she ever stop? Keira thought as her belly expanded more than halfway down her thighs.

Mia's orgasm dwindled, as if response to Keira's query. It spilled leisurely into Keira's body, a constant flow as opposed to the constant barrage. The cock thinned slightly, allowing the athlete to finally pull away. A hoarse gasp of relief shot from her lips as she pulled free, before she instantly went about cleaning away any seed that clung to Mia's prick. It was beautiful, more so then before.

The head glistened in a mix of slimy spit and cum, a thick, opaque river leaking from the tip. Likewise, the shaft was covered, however the veins that stuck out along its surface stole the spotlight. They led to the sheath, a pure black stretch of skin that dripped with Keira's drool. In a strange way, the equine cock looked almost aggressive. Like it would force its way into her cunt without a second thought.

Keira moaned as she kissed her way down the immense prick. There was nothing she wanted more than for that to happen. For Mia to take her. To rut her like an animal and cum inside. She glanced down at her belly, which stretched from her torso like a medicine ball. That much sperm would guarantee pregnancy.

She made her way to the base. Keira inhaled deeply, amazed that her insides had done nothing to dampen the intoxicating musk. If anything, it was stronger than before. Much stronger. She swore her womb throbbed in longing, begging to be full cock and cum. The mesmerising scent receded from her mind as her lips found an odd bulge stretching along Mia's sheath. She frowned and went to inspect it further.

"My turn," Annie sang as she pushed Keira aside. The stronger girl barely noticed, preoccupied with her thoughts and lusts. She stared at her friend, who turned around and raised her rump high, catching Mia's cock between its large cheeks. Keira spotted her cunt as strings of her juices fell to the floor, adding to the puddle already there. The big assed girl shifted her hips to press her pussy against Mia's cock.

Her lips opened slightly, more than ready to take such a monumental member.

"Like hell," Keira grunted and, once again, rammed into Annie. Without a second's hesitation, she turned around and copied Annie's pose. Her greater height made it easy as she speared her cunt on Mia's dick, spread her nether lips wider than ever before. Even the times when she had tried fisting herself paled by comparison.

"Bitch," Annie scowled and tried to force Keira off. The athlete only pushed herself harder against Mia, sinking her cock deeper until the head finally popped inside and claimed her.

"Just leave her alone," Mia sighed.

"But...!"

"Come up here," Mia moaned as Keira continued to take her deeper.

"Hmm... fine," Annie grunted and moved away, shooting a final glare at Keira. The athlete barely registered the look of disdain, consumed by the inhumanly full sensation that subsumed all others. Every inch that she took stretched her walls beyond their limits, yet she felt only pleasure from it. Even describing it as something so paltry as 'pleasure' seemed a disservice. Her pussy was in bliss, ecstasy, heaven, paradise...

And she was only just past the head.

"... so... big..." Keira moaned, then yelped as Mia lurched forward and crashed into her cervix. Again, what should've hurt only filled her with a greater ecstasy. She'd cum in seconds at this rate. The centaur moved once more, extracting every inch up to the tip, before thrusting back inside. Keira was helpless to hold on.

Her body seized up and the world blurred as her eyes rolled back into her head. She stared straight ahead, unable to move even a single muscle beyond spasms. Drool ran freely down her chin as her mouth hung open, tongue lulling out in a mindless expression. Her pussy twitched and rippled around Mia's cock, enhancing the impossible sensations. A fountain of her juices gushed from her taut lips and piled onto the floor.

"Too good," Keira slurred, then cried out as Mia moved once more. Her next thrust drove harder than the last, using enough power to break through the final barrier. The massive head barrelled into her womb and slammed against the top, stretching it to shove against Keira's stomach. There was enough force to push several drops worth up her throat, coating her tongue in its flavour.

Keira summoned what control she had to close her mouth. She savoured the taste, realising just how much she'd missed out on, swishing the viscous seed around her maw. It stuck to her gums and teeth, promising a refresher later. A strange sense of awareness fell over her as Mia thrust into her once more. Her pussy wasn't touching the centaur's sheath yet, even as well over a foot rammed into her and dozens of veins all throbbed against her clenching insides. There was still so much to go.

"Give me more," Keira grunted as she pushed with her hands and legs, shoving herself against Mia's nigh-unfathomable cock. Her uterus stretched deeper into her body, pushing hard on her stuffed stomach and forcing more cum into her mouth. Keira's cheeks bulged with the load, a streak of it leaking from her lips. She angled her hips to force the centaur's dick to follow the curve of her massively swollen stomach.

Keira's mind froze in a state of bliss as her legs shook. The muscles locked in another climax, holding her aloft despite the delightful exhaustion that permeated her entire being. Her arms gave out, forcing her cheek to the floor, filling her sinuses with the overwhelming scent of her juices. Mia kept thrusting with longer and more powerful motions, each driving her cock deeper. Until, finally, Keira's impossibly stretched cunt came to her sheath.

"More," the utterly stuffed athlete groaned, smiling brainlessly as her body was filled completely. Every little movement from Mia's cock, or even just the constant pulsation of her powerful veins, was enough to set off another orgasm. Beads of sweat swept across her form, glistening on her lightly bronzed skin. Her cheek slid against the pool of her juices, sometimes splashing it into her mouth.
