 Class continued as per usual. Miss Harper exposited on information useless to Mia, her focus skittish as it darted about the room, tracing one set of eyes to another. Dedication kept some centred on their studies, while the majority gawked in Mia's direction. Boys followed her breaths with careful precision, watching the rise and fall of her oversized chest, while girls found their fascination torn. The centaur understood why. All too well, in fact.

Her fingers threatened the pen in her hand and her teeth ground together. Though impossible, she swore people were touching her through their stares. They massaged her tits, digging their fingers into the hole to make it wider, as others coaxed her cocks from their homes. She scowled at herself and flicked her tail. The silken hairs brushed against her black, leathery scrotum.

She snapped the pen, jaw locked against her traitorous moan. Idiot, Mia berated herself. Stupid. Dumbass. Moron. She should've taken the chance when Miss Harper offered it. Escape had come within her reach, yet she let it pass her by. Any attempt to leave now would draw extra attention, some she could do without. Mia glanced to the opposite side of the room, where Bella's persistent stare remained.

How could leave with those hawk-like eyes trained on her? Worse, Bella wouldn't hesitate to follow. For what? Mia decided not to guess, afraid the answer might exacerbate her situation. Her shirt groaned, her sensitive ears alert to the noise. No one else heard it.

"Wake up," Mia moaned under her breath, head in her hands, "Please let this be a dream?" Her request fell silent, replaced by the strenuous pulling of her shirt. Its elastic material thinned against her breasts, defining her nipples with growing clarity. A girl, seated in front of her, noticed with bug-eyed awe.

Mia ignored her, but the heat in her face refused to go unnoticed. Nor the fire smouldering in her equine-half, rather, in her cocks and balls. Worse for her balls. A simple breeze equated to a firm squeeze, a brush of her tail made her think a hundred tiny fingers caressed her, and the constant bubbling sensation of her cum... what was happening to her?

Miss Harper stumbled in her speech, bringing the centaur's gaze to her flushed appearance. A moment passed before she stuttered back into her lecture, though her eyes lingered on Mia. No, the doubly endowed centaur thought and followed her instructor's gaze. Sure enough, it came to a rest on the ever-stretching hole in her shirt, through which entire inches of cleavage were visible. Each breath bared more.

Everyone's staring, Mia thought. Nothing new, from this morning to her early teens. It took years following her accident for the locals to treat her as normal, and longer still for some. No one stared as her classmates did, though. Annie and Keira drifted into her mind, their faces embroiled in lust at the sight of her hulking cock, then at her dicks. One girl licked her lips, another gulped and a third unbuttoned the top-half of her shirt.

Mia's nose twitched at a familiar odour. Strong and plentiful, dampening the atmosphere and tantalising her sinuses. She held onto the breath, let it swirl in her lungs, the aroma so strong it sat on her tongue. Tangy and sweet. Intimate yet unknown.

"Hmm," someone sighed from in front of her. She tilted her dead down and saw a girl, eyes fixed on her like the others, with her hands buried in a pair of shorts. Under the tight fabric, her actions were obvious. Knuckles raised and fell in a rhythmic pattern, their descent punctuated by a subtle moan. She lifted the waistband and revealed a series of web-like strings between the garment and her skin. The strange familial scent wafted to Mia, stronger than ever.

Another person moaned nearby. Mia didn't want to see. What good would it do? How could she, or anyone, mistake that noise? If she looked, then she'd see another girl fingering themselves. Or would it be a boy, she wondered. Would they try stroking their dicks to the sight of her, to the fact that she stood entire feet above even the tallest student... to her giant cocks, still wreathed in their fleshy prison.

She twisted her head to determine who made the noise. What did she expect to find? One of the dedicated students masturbating, someone she knew, or another random onlooker. Perhaps Annie had snuck in? There shouldn't have been any surprise for who was responsible.

Bella stared back. Skirt raised and pussy on blatant display, swollen mons and moist, puffy lips, as one hand filled her insides while its counterpart fiddled with the hooded nub. Her fake tits heaved in their constraints, ill-suited nipples poked against the fabric. She rolled her hips with her hands' motions.

"Fuck me," she mouthed. Mia drilled her stare into the near-blank pages of her notebook, lowered her head and hunched her shoulders. Sights were easy to block, so long as she concentrated, but sounds and smells portrayed another problem entirely. Her senses caught it all. Clothing rustled, people moaned, sighed or chatted about her. They clouded together, drowning out the specifics of the other.

Her nostrils flared, unbidden, and drew in waves of potent musk. Lust circulated her sinuses, turning through her head to mask her thoughts in a dank haze. Her cocks throbbed and pushed, massive heads peeking from the sheaths. Warm air caressed their bulbous tips, slipped into her wide urethras and breezed across her sensitive insides. 

Two paths faced her; stay or go. One led down a messy road and the other led to safety, its meandering way riddled with possible issues in the form of a person. Mia didn't so much as glance at Belle, certain she still stared as she masturbated. Leaving would signal the deviant student to follow, intent on fulfilling whatever fantasy compelled her fingers.

How long was left? It couldn't be long, though she hadn't checked the time since before class and Mia didn't dare glance up from her desk. What awaited her, row after row of horny students, wouldn't help. At all. Did minutes remain? An hour? Seconds?

She had to leave. Soon.

Every second, as best she could estimate, made it worse. The desire. Mia's balls pulsated, ached and churned, a direct extension of her cocks. Faint tremors ran across her genitalia, from base to tip. Something hot beaded atop her pricks, rapidly cooled by the air, then slid across the broad head.

Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck...

Mia forsook the risk and raised her head to the clock, positioned several feet over Miss Harper's desk. Ongoing masturbations continued in her periphery, tugging on her determination. The time, she repeated in her mind, just find the time. Her eyes fixed on the clock hands. How long...?

Miss Harper clapped her hands and broke the centaur's focus, "And that's all for today. Uh, if any of you were paying attention, reflect on what's been taught today. And Mia..."

Mia stood, abandoning her notebook for the sake of a hasty retreat, and walked from the room. Each click of her hooves resonated throughout. Her hindquarters swayed, tail swishing with nerves, as did her overstuffed sheaths, strained against their wards. The centaur ducked under the door, forcing her chest out. A loud rip drowned out the doors hissing shut. She grimaced down at her chest. A long chasm split her elastic top, now held together by her oversized teats.

She trotted into the empty hallway and down a corner. Hundreds of feet crowded her hearing, each marching toward their respective doors, owners muttering to one another. Mia's custom restroom came into sight, an unassuming swing door with a plaque of a centaur's silhouette hung on it. A single bolt locked it to the other students, placed so high that most would need a ladder. She reached it as anyone would grab their handles.

Sterile white met her gaze as she slipped inside. Under orders from her doctors, the college prioritised hygiene for her bathroom, leaving it clean of any filth she, or her friends, might introduce. She didn't care to know why they ignored the recent messes, or how much they paid the janitors to keep quiet about it. Other priorities demanded her attention. She stepped into her single mirror's sight and sighed at the fate of her shirt.

Useless, the garment soon found itself stripped from her form and crumpled on the linoleum floor. Mia frowned at her reflection, watchful for the tell-tale sign of her persistent growth, and yet nothing caught her eye. No random lurch in height, or fluctuation to her bust, muscles or arms. Was it so minute she couldn't see it? Perhaps the hints were obvious and she ignored them.

"I'm going mad," Mia muttered. Growth spurts themselves were far from uncommon, even for someone in their early twenties, yet nowhere in her life had she heard of someone growing by the second. It's impossible, she thought. Unless she recorded a video and studied it. That would work. Too bad she'd left her phone behind.

"Yo, Mia," Annie stepped inside.

"Holy shit!" The centaur whinnied, blushed and whirled on her friend, eyes wide.

"I knocked," Annie said.

"I, uh... what're you doing here?" Mia recovered.

"Do I need a reason to say hi to my girlfriend? Or help her out?" Annie swung her backpack to the front and unzipped the top, revealing a shirt, "I think it'll fit."

"When'd you pick this up?" Mia asked, holding up the garment. It appeared bigger than the last, equally as elastic and sported a series of rubber straps on the inside, around the chest area.

"After you ran off yesterday. I figured something like that might happen," Annie nodded to the torn shirt.

"Thanks."

"I don't need words. If you want to say thank you," Annie sashayed toward the centaur, broad hips highlighted against her delicate hands and tight shorts, "Then invite me over tonight."

"No problem," Mia grinned, a familiar pulse racing through the length of her sheaths, and echoed in her balls. She frowned. Something felt strange that time, "Hey, could you, uh... check my b-balls?"

"Sure," Annie beamed and skipped around the towering half-equine, "Let's take a... holy crap!"

"What? What is it?"

"Sweetie, you've got another pair of balls," Annie giggled.

"I what?" How hadn't she noticed before? Mia pinched the bridge of her nose, brow furrowed and lips pursed tight as she retraced her morning, from waking up to that moment. She'd felt frantic, trapped, aroused in the classroom. Anyone could miss something crucial in such a state. But it didn't seem possible that she'd fail to notice something like growing another pair of testicles.

"Hmm, and they look just as delicious as the first." Annie's breaths brushed against the fine hairs on her scrotum, now stretched tight with its new occupants, and pushed through her.

"Ahh," Mia sighed. She stepped back to push Annie closer, the girl's head near-level to the pendulous orbs.

"Not here, babe," Annie said, "Neither of us has classes tomorrow, so I'm gonna abuse that little fact. But..." Before Mia could prompt her to continue, Annie's plump lips found the musky skin of a testicle, while her hands played across the other three. They swayed and sloshed, heavy with unspent jizz.

"Never thought you'd be the restrained one," Mia rasped.

"Me neither. First time for everything," Annie shrugged and leaned away after a final kiss, "I'll see you later, Mia."

"Yeah, see ya," Mia said as the round-assed girl strutted out. The centaur grinned at the lingering image of Annie's pert cheeks and pulled her shirt on. Despite its improved size, her breasts prevented the fabric from reaching past her navel. She grimaced at how the straps dug into her plump mounds, certain they'd leave marks behind. Better than nothing, she thought and shrugged, bouncing her oversized breasts.

Exiting her sanctuary, Mia rolled her taut shoulders. Larger, yes, but her shirt still conformed to her body, taut over her frame and chest. A slight breeze reminded her how exposed her middle was. She spared a glance for the low neckline, grimaced at the near foot of cleavage and sighed. At this rate, anything she wore would yield the same result. Except a poncho or a muumuu. Though how long would it take for her to outgrow those?

Mia trotted toward her next class; Social Psychology. Dozens of other students walked her by, heads buried in their phones or averted to one another. Several paused to lean their heads back in awe. One, a guy on a football scholarship, stood upwards of six-foot-four, paled by comparison against the centaur's rough ten feet of demi-human physique. Average students took advantage of the height difference, either staring up at her naked under-boob or, for the audacious ones, high-fiving her breast. She kept her head straight and ignored the pleasant tremors they caused.

What good could she do by stopping them? If they didn't touch her half-naked breasts and bragged to their friends, chances are they'd cop a feel for her cocks and balls, all four of them. Her gait sent a gentle jolt through them, each cum-swollen sphere rubbed and sloshed against one another. She forced her tail to remain still, to cease its nervous swishing. Regardless, strands of brown and pink hair brushed against her testes, caressing her like silk threads. Mia tucked her long, neon dyed hair behind an ear.

"Hey there, Mia."

Annie again? The centaur twisted her upper body, a playful grimace on her face. And turned real as Bella's fake visage came into view, saline-bloated tits and tucked waist and broadened hips on near-full display. Her unnatural lips grinned, shining her whitened teeth.

"Hi," Mia said.

"So, what's your deal?" Bella asked.

"What?"

"You know? The whole, getting super big thing. And wearing that shirt," Bella grinned, eyes lingering on the abundance of cleavage the centaur displayed, a far cry from what she presented, "Are you an exhibitionist? Everyone can see your nipples."

"I, uh..."

"Hmm, maybe not," Bella shrugged, "Or maybe you get off on showing something, hmm... bigger."

"Don't know what you're talking about," Mia said and turned, intent on leaving the attention-seeker behind.

Bella kept pace, "I think you do. We all saw them."

Mia refused her the dignity of a response. The falsified beauty took it as a sign to continue. She spoke loudly, above the sharp clicks of Mia's hooves and her heels.

"Your dicks, that is. Do you like being half-horse? Hehe, I bet you do. You can just trot around, toting your huge, horse cock like some stud."

Mia, again, denied her a reaction. Internally, however, Bella stoked a flame the centaur would prefer to leave as an ember. She didn't get off on people looking at her. She didn't. After so many years, she would've known if she did.

"And in class," Bella persisted, "I know you were getting hard. I saw the heads. All big and black and... and huge."

Mia glanced at her. The platinum blonde's cheeks shamed a ripe tomato, while her glossy lips refused to close, soft pants of humid air escaping them. A line of drool leaked over the plump rise and fell across her chin. Her pupils had retracted to slight pinpricks amidst her murky, hazel irises. She resembled an addict faced with their fix after days without it.

"You saw what they did to me," Bella resumed. She moved ahead and stopped before Mia, halting the daunting centaur, "Just looking at those... I had to touch myself."

"I'm gonna be late."

Bella ignored her, "You know what I thought about the entire time? Your cocks."

"I'm serious, Bella," Mia insisted.

"How big they'd have to get. How small my poor, little cunny would look. How huge you'd stretch me..." Bella trailed off into a moan, disproportionate nipples protruding through her shirt as she breathed heavier.

"Stop it." Mia's own blood rushed under the guidance of her desire. Her nipples puffed out, long and thick, and strained her shirt further, while her sheaths distended with her cocks.

"My fingers felt so small," Bella said, distracting the centaur from thinking of anything but her, "I almost fisted myself in there, but it didn't feel big enough. My slutty pussy needs a real stretching."

The centaur heard herself gulp, numb to her body save the tightness swelling within her genitals and tits. Her shirt, like its predecessor, protested the strain her body put on it. The rubber straps groaned and creaked. She shifted her weight from left to right, the motion made her overabundance of sperm-tanks and fuck-poles sway in their respective prisons.

"Like that shirt," Bella reached up and grasped the bottom of Mia's top, "Stretch me like that. Make me fit only you."

"Please stop," Mia groaned and stepped away. Bella followed.

"You can do whatever you want with me. What. Ever. You. Want." Bella punctuated each word with another step, until her firm tits pushed into Mia's belly and her head became buried within the centaur's bosom, "Hmm, so warm. Soft. And that smell..."

"What smell?" Mia asked. She needed a diversion, anything to deviate her thoughts from the hideously sexy girl below her. Bella's pants slowed, her inhales lengthened and exhaled in a rush.

"Yours," Bella said, "It's so... it's like a cock. I dunno."

She shoved her nose into Mia's breast, sinking into the pillow-like mountain, and mumbled, "It just smells so fucking good."

"Pheromones," Mia murmured, stepping back.

"Whatever," Bella said and pushed harder. Her lips trailed across the centaur's tit, leaving a trail of spit and an electric heat to spread across Mia's sensitive form. Spongy nubs dug into the centaur's stomach, firm as they traced lustful patterns across her body, moving with Bella's heaving breaths. Manicured fingers scratched Mia, light as feathers breezing across her chestnut fur and up her defined belly.

"Ahh," the faux-beauty moaned. Her teeth grazed a breast, full lips sucking in a mouthful of the sweet, tender mound, "So fucking big..." A drop of jealousy seeped into her tone and oozed out in a low coo.

"This is, hm, going too far," Mia said.

"No it's not."

"Yeah, it is." Mia stepped away, long legs pushing herself from Bella's reach. She took a long breath, pictured a wave of calmness flooding her as she held it, and looked at Bella. The breath caught in her throat. Bella continued to pant, red-faced and stood atop her shaky legs, between which a puddle of fluid, thick and murky as a clear glue, gathered from the twin rivers on her limbs. Mia exhaled and took a ragged breath. The scent carried over to her.

An alien power bellowed from within her crotch. Her cocks shoved free with a wet squelch and a series of heavy drips. They hung over a foot from their shelters, soaked from the pre-cum her sheaths had accumulated over the day. Wreathed in veins, the dual shafts throbbed harder than her galloping heart. A draft entered from a nearby window and tickled her dripping members. Her lips held taut against the deep moan.

"Oh god," Bella said. She was hunched over, peering underneath Mia's body to gawk at the doubly endowed crotch she possessed, though her position prevented her from seeing the four bloated testicles behind the pulsating shafts. If not for her heels, Belle would've seen them long ago. As many already had.

Her cocks lurched at the thought. She'd ignored it before, focused on disregarding the sensations of those who touched her breasts, now she couldn't. The centaur glanced down at herself. Anyone below six-foot would have a near-perfect view. A few inches shorter and anyone who didn't step aside could've come into direct contact. Two sharp clicks brought her back to Bella.

The walking Barbie doll had discarded her high heels, assuming her natural height. Mia guessed her to be five-foot-six without the shoes, a perfect height to strut up to, and under, the centaur.

"You're a fucking giant," Bella said as she passed through the tunnel formed by Mia's legs and underbelly.
