 Author's Note: Read the tags before progressing please.

***

The centaur shifted from hoof to hoof. They clicked against the hard tiles and rebounded against the walls, echoing in Mia's ears as she savoured having her cock half-buried inside Bella's tight throat. A passage so thin it shouldn't be able to handle her girth, much less hunger for more, but the slut inched deeper. Saliva and pre-cum mixed together within Bella's throat and mouth. The lewd cocktail coated and dripped from Mia's shaft.

Beside the first, her other dick, from which similar sensations nipped at her senses, was given long, loving strokes. Mia's nipples jutted an inch from her broad areolae, brought to life by the burgeoning ecstasy of her twin stimulus. She pushed forward. Bella's lips forced the foreskin to bundle, and the member to bend against her face. The self-proclaimed slut paused and inhaled, somehow breathing around the immense blockage.

"I didn't tell you to sniff my dick," Mia grunted and pulled away, then lurched forth. Her prick slid inside with ease this time, Bella's gullet open and willing, "Just take it... like the slut you are."

Subtle tremors through her dual body bristled Mia's fur. Since when did she talk to people like that? Even to her friends, she was cordial and professional. She didn't insult them. Didn't order them around. Didn't discourage them.

But Bella wasn't a friend. She was the campus whore. Anyone with a penis or a large enough strap-on had slept with her, whether sober or drunk. Entire fraternities had taken her in a single night. So the rumours claimed. What reason did Mia have for being nice to her? None. If anything, she had the right - the duty - to treat her as dirt. It's what she wants, Mia justified.

The centaur blanketed her qualms in her pleasure. She brought her hands to her breasts, cupping and savouring the plentiful flesh. Their shape belied how soft they were. A set of giant marshmallows, she thought, capped with ripe, delicious cherries. She massaged her tits, cooing softly at the mild warmth her touch brought. It couldn't match the wanton blaze Bella's slurps caused, nor the feverish sensation as she stroked the other cock.

Mia tapped her hooves in nervous delight. Mild quivers rocked her overstuffed scrotum, swinging it to and fro, its cargo carried it far. She jerked as Bella shoved forward. Her lips pressed into the sheath, she inhaled the potent musk and made a gargled moan. The centaur reared back with her hind legs, pulling a few inches free, before slamming back inside. Her prepuce slid into Bella's maw as her balls swung forward to smack the slut's chin.

"Oh fuck, that's... that's good," Mia whispered. She glanced back to mirror as Bella kept moving. There, standing naked underneath her belly, surrounded in a sensual stench alien to a human's body, her third partner shoved her nose deep against Mia's crotch. How did it smell to her? Mia had gone to a farm as a child. The horses were clean but in their natural environment. It had reeked in an oddly pleasant way, such that she couldn't place how she felt about it. Bella had no such issues.

She loved it. No one could mistake the wide-eyes, flared nostrils and bobbing motions for anything but lust. Her senses were subsumed in centaur cock. Bella's body vibrated around Mia's shaft as her hands stroked the second shaft, urging heaping gouts of cum to spurt forth. They landed against the slut's naked chest, covering it in moments. She aimed the following shots to coat herself further.

"Do more," Mia groaned. Bella stepped back, a foot of cock slid free alongside a gush of throat and dick slime, and slammed forward again. Her hands darted to her chest and back to the other prick, massaging a layer of spit and pre-cum into its dark length. It glistened with the mixture and expunged greater amounts in return.

Mia rocked her hindlegs in tandem. She snorted and moaned under her breath, basking in the simple act, made implausibly erotic by her unique form. The centaur tried to imagine the view from a human's perspective, from Bella's to be precise, to picture what it must feel like to stand beneath a horses body, atop of which an overendowed human torso resided, and suck a cock bigger than a leg. All while she stroked its twin and inhaled the brutal musk.

But that wasn't her world. She was the centaur. One that stood twice the height of Bella, endowed with two cocks, four balls and a set of breasts too great for oversized watermelons to compare. Bella's head bobbed back and forth, moaning and gagging on a cock larger than her head. By all accounts, the bitch should've been terrified of the challenge alone, much less succeed in conquering it. Her stomach bulged out as it filled with a constant tide of pre.

Yes, Mia thought as she hastened her thrusts. She was someone to be adored. Not by everyone, only those with the gall to take her like this, to impale their oesophagus and spread their stomach for her. And more.

Mia moaned higher and tugged on her nipples. The blissful soreness in her balls worsened. They grumbled and clenched, shooting greater loads of slime into and onto the slut, who worshipped the sensations. Her once trim stomach was no more, now a slow-swelling mound of viscous cock juice. Though it didn't yet compare to what had become of Keira and Annie the day before.

"Oh god, what the hell am I turning into?" Mia murmured. She wanted to fuck this girl, someone whose familiarity bordered on a stranger. Was it safe? Would she tell others about it? What if they wanted to try as well?

The centaur pinched her nipples and yanked on them. She couldn't think like that. Not now, not ever. Annie and Keira - and now Bella - were already willing. Why would she want more? A rhetorical question. The answer pervaded her entire body, from hoof to tail to her head; pleasure. If a threesome had been incredible, then how about a foursome? Or if she took five girls at once?

"Stop that," Mia snapped under her breath. She grunted and plunged hard into Bella, cramming the girl's face into her crotch and forced her to hold the pose. Her neck craned up, its shape overridden by that of Mia's cock, while a throbbing tube led the way down into her pudgy abdomen. The centaur pushed forward, pulling the slut along until they were against a wall. Mia planted her hands there and kicked with her hindquarters. Her rear rose high, extracting almost two feet of dick, and slammed down. Bella retched at the violent penetration.

But her pussy rained harder than ever.

Mia panted, her breath condensing against the tiled wall. Its surface reflected her visage with a bleared out sheen, offering a peek at her flushed features and wild-eyed desire. Her pink hair scattered across her face, clinging to her cheeks with the budding beads of sweat, while her lips hung apart. She looked untamed, like an animal in heat.

"It's your fault," Mia said, glancing back to the mirror and at Bella, whose face was smeared in sweat, tears, cum and spit. That's right, the fault lied with Bella for riling her up, and with everyone else in the classroom. None did anything to help alleviate her growing unrest. She couldn't help but feel this way because of them. Which left the responsibility of relieving her to Bella. Who better than the campus slut?

But this would be a one time indulgence. She'd see her doctor tomorrow and get a grasp of the situation, then she could work on controlling it, if nothing else. For now, however, she would gladly abuse Bella's body until the slut gave out or she was satisfied. Just this once.

Mia repeated her earlier plunge. Her balls swung forward, carried by her thrust and their immense, growing weight, to slap Bella in the chest. The slut moaned and swallowed around Mia's dick, overtaxed throat working around its enormity, urging it to swell her belly further. Over four feet of cock, riddled in veins larger than novelty pencils and capped in a head wider than a melon, rammed down Bella's gullet and into her stomach. The organ sloshed with Mia's abundant pre.

"That's right," Mia breathed. She ground her tits against the wall, her hands preoccupied with maintaining her balance as she kicked back and slammed into Bella. The smack of her balls against flesh made her cocks throb fiercer, "Take it you fucking slut. Suck all that horse cock. Stroke another. Make me cum down your teeny-tiny mouth."

Bella's moans heightened at the degradation. She angled the second cock toward her chest and wrapped her faux boobs around it. A sublime coating of their fluids lubricated the prison as it stroked up and down. She kept one arm around her bosom to it in place, while the other caught Mia's balls and massaged them in turn. Mia moaned in approval and hastened her bucks. Each time she slid down, her cocks felt one another through Bella's tender skin.

"I'm gonna cum soon," Mia said, "Then I'm gonna fuck you properly. I'm gonna inflate you with my cum. I'm gonna cover you in it. You're gonna look pregnant with my babies. My foals." Bella's suction strengthen as she leaned into the next thrust. Her arm bobbed her tits as the spare hand encouraged a greater load. Each oval ball swelled with the impending release, expanding by the second. Larger than a soccer ball, then a basketball, then to a prized pumpkin.

How many trillions of sperm was she producing? Her balls were tight, her black flesh shiny from the strain of its four burdens, all churning and grumbling for release. Bella's lips travelled across near every inch of Mia's cock, sucking as it withdrew and gagging upon entry. Drool hung off her chin and broke against her tits, aiding the second behemoth in fucking the obtuse mounds. Regardless of authenticity, Mia savoured the dual attentions.

"Fuck," Mia bit her lip and hung her head, focusing on maintaining her control, "Not yet, not yet." Beneath her, a murky puddle spread. The product of her and Bella's copious fluids, too much for any one person to create. Too much for an orgy to create. Only she, with her mind addling musk and cocks, could bring about something as spectacular as this.

She paused with her prick buried within Bella. The slut retched and squirmed, but she didn't move away, despite her nose being thoroughly trapped against Mia's crotch. Fine hairs tickled her nostrils and painted it in the centaur's scent. Her throat retaliated and tried to push the giant out, to no avail. Its flared tip remained lodged in her rounded stomach, the veins throbbed against her heart, overpowering its beat with Mia's own, while its shape dominated Bella's chest and throat. Bella took a long, ragged breath as Mia reared back.

"Cumming!" Mia announced. Her flare, already enormous, exploded upon its entry into Bella's stuffed belly. Its shape became defined against her gut. The rest followed suit. Mia's balls seized and retracted against her body. All four fed one another with an endless sense of bliss. They pulsated and sloshed against each other.

"Oh, fuck!" Mia's hands flung to her tits and held them against her face, stifling her ecstatic shriek. The onset of cum slowed in her mind, as though her sperm rich gunk were too thick to be expunged properly. It welled up in her balls and shoved into the tubes. They separated between the two members, though the majority travelled through the first. Had the second not finished forming yet? She wondered in her blissful state.

She couldn't estimate how much jizz traversed her shaft. Litres? Gallons? Bathtubs? The thought seemed ludicrous, yet her very existence defined such a term. Her cocks burgeoned as the load moved, shrinking when it passed from inch to inch. Mia's shriek sputtered as she tried to moan. Her seed was hotter than she'd ever felt before. It set light to her nerves, which fed on the agonising bliss.

An orgy of sensations assaulted her hyper sensitive form. The moist, tight seal of Bella's throat, the bitch's rigged tits, the magma rising through each of Mia's cocks, her balls pumping said magma, the trills of ecstasy dancing across her skin, her moans and screams vibrating her huge chest, to the simple act of her fingers sinking into her boobs. Trapped in slow motion, within that hive of bliss, she would swear a second orgasm was building already.

Then everything went into fast forward. Not the type where it skips entire seconds, but where time simply steps up a pace. Her cum rose to the flares of her pricks and bulged out the peaks, before exploding into and onto Bella. Mia's mind dimmed as the sensations shifted into overdrive. Everything she had processed in a careful pace, now bombarded her. Fittingly, it felt like a series of bombs detonating across her form.

The blaze within her cock transferred to Bella's gut. Her dick swam in its progeny, wreathed in lurid fire, as it produced more, adding to the... trillions? Quadrillions? Mia feared to think of how severe her production was. Part of her rejoiced in the impossibility of impregnating a human. Another scowled at the prospect.

Neither took centre stage. Such a right was reserved for her orgasm. It set her consciousness alight, then dampened it in the ashes of her free thought, leaving only one directive; to cum. Faint wisps of her former self caught the sound of cum splashing against the hard floors, and of Bella's gargled cries. The slut quivered in what seemed to be her own orgasm, even as she went through the months of pregnancy in mere seconds. 

Her belly hung lower and extended further with its liquid child. Entire feet were added to her frame before ten seconds had passed. Anyone, even Mia, could mistake her for carrying a litter of young based on her size. And every square inch was covered in layer upon layer of gooey, viscous semen. Yet the centaur's orgasm persisted.

Regardless of how elastic her body seemed, Bella had a breaking point. The pressure built with every deposit of cum, until the slut's belly couldn't take another drop, despite how it craved more. Viscous streams seeped out from between Bella's lips and dribbled onto the other cock. Her throat worked to swallow it back down to no avail. Another gush from Mia forced a tidal wave of jizz to escape. The puddle below them expanded, eager to encompass the entire floor.

"Fuck," Mia hissed once her climax stammered to a stop. Her cocks softened and hung halfway down her legs, weak pulsations forcing the stragglers out. She stepped back, breathless with exhilaration and ill-restrained lust.

"Uh huh," Bella gasped from the wall. Her legs refused to support her after the intense row of sensations.

"Oh fuck," Mia reiterated once she saw what had become of her partner.

"Yeah, might've put on some weight. Still hot though," Bella shrugged, sending ripples through her obscene gut. Her legs were splayed out on either of side of it, the precipice reached her knees and her belly button had popped out. Layers upon layers of cum oozed down its immensity, as it did her entire front. She ran her fingers through the thick goop, unconcerned with cleaning herself yet.

Mia gulped and her cocks lurched back to life. Reason and desire fought once again, the latter certain that cumming inside Bella again would kill the girl. And, by extension, ruin any chance Mia had at a normal life. Although, she thought and took a look at herself, being a ten-foot centaur had long since wrecked such a possibility. She shook the thoughts loose. They rattled against the confines of her mind, before she confined to the darkest corners.

"I should, uh, go."

"No, no, don't. Please?" Bella attempted to lean forward and grab Mia's leg, but her stomach prevented her.

"If I cum in you again, you're gonna pop," Mia said and repressed a shudder. Why did the idea of seeing how far she could push this girl's body, which had clearly met and surpassed its limits, turn her on? Or was it just the idea of cumming again? She hoped so.

"Hmm, don't think so," Bella hummed and rubbed her belly, cooing at it under her breath, "Is it weird that I wanna be a mom? Like, really soon?"

"I... guess not."

"Most people bet you can't get people pregnant," Bella continued, pushing herself to her wobbly feet. She waddled to Mia and pressed her massive gut against the centaur's front, "I'm more than eager to test that."

"It won't work," Mia said, "I'm just grafted onto a horse's body. Everything works the same."

"Says the giant centaur," Bella teased. She reached up and traced her fingertips along Mia's human belly, expertly locating her unassuming erogenous zones, "I should've popped already. Besides, just 'cos my stomachs too full, doesn't mean my womb is. Far as you know. Bet you wanna find out now. Get up close and personal with your 'little' friends, inspect my pussy to make sure everything's in place? And be extra thorough."

"Bella..."

"Or maybe," the slut turned around and lowered herself to rest atop her gelatinous gut. She reached back and pulled apart her voluptuous ass cheeks. It didn't compare to Annie's, though Bella didn't have the perk of a small body to highlight her curves. Bella turned to look back at Mia, eyes wide and lips set into a lustful pout. Her face was an incomplete geisha mask made from cum, concealing her heavy makeup.

"You want to fuck my ass and cunt at the same time?"

"You've gotta be kidding me?" Mia whispered. Her cocks leapt back to life and slapped her underbelly once more. Pre-cum gushed from their peaks once more. They entangled her mind in strings and manipulated it, pulling her body toward Bella. She came to a stop standing over the slut. Her cocks laid across Bella's back, but a new problem presented itself.

Massive though they were, Mia's cocks couldn't reach their target. Not to the degree they craved.

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Bella snarled. She tried to angle herself better, extending her legs and raising her hips, but neither worked.

Mia didn't answer, fearful that she would express her dismay. How would she and Annie fare if Bella, who stood a full foot above the former, couldn't reach?

"Lay down on your side," Bella ordered.

"What?"

"If you lay down, then I can get your mammoth, horse cocks inside me," Bella explained. Her patronising tone faltered toward the end, where it turned into a deep moan.

"Great, outsmarted by a slut," Mia muttered.

"It's because I'm a slut," Bella said.

"Whatever," Mia stepped back and carefully lowered herself onto her side. Even so, her horse half reached Bella's chest, and her cocks looked no smaller in this pose. The slut shuffled over and stared at the sight, before she too laid down. She raised her right leg and arched her neck to guide her actions.

"Oh god, please ruin me," Bella said as she stretched to grab one of Mia's members. She pulled it to her pussy and pressed its massive head against her opening. The tip alone overshadowed the whole of her crotch, much less the tiny orifice it intended to ruin, "So hot... fuck, that's gonna stretch me so good. Hmm..."

The whore trailed off as she pressed back and pulled. Her pussy almost gushed with pleasure, smearing its inhuman counterpart in nature's lubricant, before the flow stopped. Silence crowded the air, broken only by Bella's ecstatic squeaks as her snatch was stuffed fuller than any other. Its plump lips turned thin and pushed inward, swayed by the enormous meat entering it. Her clit sank with the rest of her cunt and ground against Mia's cock.

"So tight," Mia gasped after a long pause.

"It's been a long time since anyone said that to me," Bella chuckled and moaned. She sank lower and lower, easing Mia's behemoth dick inside. The other slid along her back, dousing it in pre-cum, while its sibling poured into her. Less than a foot later and Bella stopped. Her stubborn cervix held strong against the would-be invader.

"That's my cervix," Bella said.
