 "So, uh, what's it like?" Rhona asked. She and Mia stood in a clothes store, one designed to cater for obese people, yet even those clothes did little to help cover the centaur, who was forced to watch out for lower-portions of the ceiling. She'd hit herself more than once in the past ten minutes alone. That didn't bother her. What did, however, was the distinct strain of her shirt. It looked painted on, doing nothing to hide her plump areolae and nipples. Let alone to prevent her jiggling.

"What?" Mia asked, pulling down a set of shirts and ponchos so large Rhona could use them as blankets, "Hmm, think they'd be a little tight," Mia said and put them back. As she raised her arm, it lifted her shirt enough to expose a hint of her breast and abdomen.

"Being so tall," Rhona clarified and tore her eyes away, focusing on their goal once more. She couldn't afford to be distracted at every turn of her head. So what if Mia had the most giant tits she'd seen, in fiction or reality, and what did it matter that she had a set of abs to die for? They were friends. End of story.

"Oh," Mia shrugged, again revealing the underbelly of her enormous, lush tit-flesh that obscured much of her belly now, almost touching where human skin met fur. It was soft to the touch, as Rhona knew from many times in the past, and comforting too. How did Mia groom herself anyway? She must need a helper sometimes.

"It's alright. I could do without the constant stares, but that's life, I guess."

"Yeah. Yeah, I guess. How tall are you now anyway?" Rhona asked.

"Dunno," Mia chuckled, "Oh, this is cute!" She pulled down a monstrous shirt with a prancing unicorn on it, sprouting rainbows and such.

"You're a little old for that, don't you think?" Rhona said.

"Never!" Mia stowed it away in her cleavage, where the rest of her 'worthy' clothes rested. Each globe of fatty tissue had to be the size of beach balls, if not greater than that. Beanbags were better comparisons, so lush and massive that Rhona could recline atop them and fall asleep, not a care in the world. Except for how turned on she would get by doing so.

"What about this?" Rhona hefted something at random. She needed a distraction, and straining her arms wide to display the top was perfect. It hid Mia from her direct view, and gave her a chance to catch her breath. Something was wrong here.

"Nah, too 'blegh'," Mia said, scrunching her face at it. Rhona put it away and went to another section, sequestering herself with her thoughts. The notion that something was different had struck seconds after Mia arrived, even before she'd turned and discovered that her friend was a definitive giant, taller than an elephant even. A smell had struck out, something rich and earthy, animalistic in the alluring, and arousing, sense. Even now, that want lingered as a simmer between her thighs.

Seeing Mia, however, made it better and worse. Better since she knew the source, but so much worse as the centaur, half-human or not, suffused Rhona's mind in wanton desires. Those nipples made her throat dry. Those tits made her stance feel uncomfortable. That face made her want to smother it in her ass.

Then she glimpsed Mia's masculinity... rather, masculinities. Her sheath bulged with two distinct shapes, while her quartet of balls sang a lurid melody as they sloshed with what Rhona assumed was barrels worth of semen. They were several feet from her now, yet, as she rustled through various clothes, the occasional gurgle sang to her ears. It was a siren's song, always luring her gaze over without fail.

Mia had her back towards her, which provided an easy view of her testicles. They were protected in dense skin, as Rhona discovered when she 'accidentally' brushed one a few minutes ago, stretched taut around them. No room for wrinkles. The skin had a strained sheen to it, one that compelled her, even from that distance, to kiss and massage them. Before mounting the two cocks Mia kept hidden and being basted with cum.

Rhona bit her lip and pinched her arm. The pain was a welcome, if short, distraction. Her pussy burned as it never had before. She'd teased herself before, even marinated in the anticipation of a past lover, until she was at the brink. Those times were incredible. Yet this, without a sensual touch or even some dirty talk, had her at a similar level.

If she gave in, the orgasms would be amazing. The kind that changed someone, chained them to the one responsible, made it so any other climax would feel second-rate, a cheap knockoff of the real thing. But that meant crossing the most dangerous line.

"You okay?" Mia asked.

Rhona jumped, dropping a tube top to the floor, "Shit, don't scare me like that." How did someone so huge move so quietly?"

"Sorry," Mia giggled, "I think I've got enough. Let's go pay, then we can look for something for you."

"Okay," Rhona said. She took the lead. Disappointment and relief warred with equal force, each fighting over the same thing; that she wasn't behind Mia. It didn't make a difference, as her scent was everywhere. Rhona looked to the other customers. Several moved in a daze, a couple had latched onto Mia as the source, while others struggled not to stare. What was Mia becoming, that she could influence such a wide area without realising it?

It didn't matter. Mia was still the same centaur she'd known since freshman year, just double the height. And sexier. Far, far sexier. Rhona gulped and took several breaths through her mouth, a mistake she soon recognised as Mia's flavour washed over her tongue. She turned and came to eye-level with Mia's fur. A sharp inhale and that taste bombarded her again.

The scent and flavour seemed to surge through her body like a virus, except it wasn't recognised as such. Her body welcomed the foreign effects with open arms, guiding it through her bloodstream and depositing them in her mind and crotch. They swapped signals, inciting the opposite to better one another. Rhona stepped from Mia's path and averted her gaze elsewhere. Another mistake.

Mia sauntered forward. No one would bat an eye under normal circumstances, as they had for years at this point. However, Mia had risen back to abnormal, as her dual cocks bobbed and swayed with the gunshots of her hooves. Rhona looked and saw the head of one peeking out, with a slight bead of glistening, translucent slime at its tip. The bead broke apart as it struck Mia's belly, creating a viscous rope between sheath and abdomen. Would anyone even notice if she stepped under her friend and licked it up?

If just smelling her was enough to taste Mia, then what would the actual flavour be like? Insanity seemed close enough a description. A gut instinct chilled Rhona's lust. Going any further than platonic flirting would be too far. There'd be no going back and, inevitably, Mia would choose someone else. Someone not nearly so clingy or toxic.

"All done," Mia announced.

"Huh? Oh, okay," Rhona said, "Let's go."

"Is everything okay?" Mia asked as they left the store, entering back onto the stage for dozens more eyes to follow the centaur. Each and every person there seemed as enamoured by her mere presence as Rhona was, despite not being so close for an extended time.

"Yeah. Yeah, obviously. Why wouldn't it be?" Rhona said.

"Sorry," Mia lowered her head, "This must be weird. And people are staring. We can go somewhere else if you'd like. There's an empty field near my place, we could make some food and have a picnic."

Rhona stumbled but caught herself, "It, uh..." she gave a nervous laugh, "It almost sounds like a date."

"Guess so," Mia shrugged, "I just like hanging out with you. It's only a date if you want it to be one."

Rhona paused mid-stride, only animating once her balance gave out. She was giving permission? The human girl stared at her giant friend, aghast at the mere idea, yet it tantalised her as well. Her stomach roiled against the idea, terrified of how it would end, while her pussy leaked into her panties.

"Well, well, what'd you know?"

Rhona silenced her thoughts and turned to the familiar voice. It was Annie, accompanied by Keira. Perfect distractions at the perfect time. Rhona almost thanked them, but instead latched onto the reprieve.

"What're you guys doing here? I thought you had classes," Rhona said.

"Got let out early," Keira shrugged, "And I don't have practice until two anyway. So, Mia... still growing, I see."

"Yeah," Mia flushed.

"You look great," Annie quickly added, and leapt at the centaur, though she couldn't reach any higher than Mia's thigh, "Dammit."

"Want a ride?" Mia chuckled and picked her up. The smallest of their group was but a child to Mia, barely a third of her staggering height. Even with her broad ass, she was easy to lose amidst the landscape of Mia's body.

"Fuck! Didn't realise how tall you are now."

"I can let you down," Mia said.

"Hell no! I love it! Especially since I can hold you like this," Annie said and wrapped her arms around as much of Mia's waist as she could, though they fell helplessly short of the middle. Her fingers managed to brush the centaur's monumental bosom, at least.

"I'm next," Keira stated.

"There's plenty of room," Mia said, gesturing to the expanse of her body. All three could fit with plenty of room to spare, and, if Mia's musculature was anything to go by, she wouldn't feel them anyway.

"Nope, all mine," Annie interjected and hugged tighter, while rubbing her crotch into Mia's fur. Rhona bit her lip at the sight, a new sensation joining the earlier roil of terror and lust. What gave Annie the right? She could just hop on and dry hump Mia in plain view, without any hesitation. And it was clear that Keira wanted to do the same. Mia didn't object with anything beyond an eyeroll, as if this was normal. As if Rhona was being the weird one.

No, she wasn't the stranger there. What person would accept this? But a glance around revealed that many people did. More, they encouraged it. So many of them were smiling at the display, even as Annie managed to squish her front into Mia's back, allowing enough reach to give the giant tits a proper squeeze. Even the conservative dressers, those with crosses around their necks, were unconcerned by the licentious display.

Rhona stood alone. Her friends were walking away, too caught up in their conversation to notice her. Sunlight streamed through the skylight above, yet she was cold. It happened again? She'd moved from state to state in her youth, dragged along by her dad's work, so she was used to be the odd one out. But she supported herself now. She lived alone. Her life was her own. She'd been here for years now.

And still they forgot her in the end.

"Hmm, Rhona aren't you coming?" Mia said, turning to look at the lingering girl.

"I'm, um..."

Mia frowned and set Annie down, ignoring her childish pout, then walked back to Rhona, "Are you sure you're okay? We can leave if you'd like. I mean, we were just gonna hang out one on one today."

"It's not that," Rhona said, unsure.

"I can give you a ride back home if you'd like?" Mia offered. Concerned thickened her voice, yet it still had a sultry edge to it. Was that always there?

"That's, uh," Rhona swallowed. She hadn't ridden Mia yet. Everyone had at some point. She claimed not to mind, that it was comforting in a way, having another person's weight on her body, "Sure."

"Hey guys!" Mia didn't raise her voice much, yet still it thundered through the air, resonating in all who heard it, "Rhona and I are gonna take off. See you later."

"Oh, okay," Keira said. Her lips curled in a slight grimace. Annie didn't even attempt at hiding her disdain.

"Aw, come on!"

Mia rolled her eyes, "Another time," then she turned her attention back to Rhona, "Need a hand?"

"Um, yeah. Sure," Rhona said and took the proffered hand. It was hot to her touch, soft yet firm, and strong as it seized around her own and hefted her. She landed with a soft pat, legs splayed over Mia's lower body, "Wow."

"Like the view?" Mia asked. Her voice seemed so close now, like it was spoken into Rhona's mind.

"Yeah." It was a strange, but stunning sight. Looking out through a window, or from a stationary perch didn't compare. She was above all these people, while astride a living being, whose every movement rippled between her legs and echoed in her own body. It didn't take long to deduce why Annie wanted to keep this spot.

"Dammit," Annie cursed from afar. Rhona turned and caught her glare, though it was more the petulant fury from a child that had its toy taken, but understood why. She wanted to argue against it, though what could she say that wouldn't sound awful?

"See you tomorrow," Mia said and left, ducking through the, fortunately, massive entrance for the mall. The building was a cathedral at first, somewhere for the holy to find sanctuary, and all that survived was the door. Now it was a hive of greed, gluttony and, when Mia was involved, lust. With her gone, such lavish desires were restricted to those close to her, and none were as close as Rhona at that moment.

She leaned into Mia's human-half. A series of muscles flexed beneath the shirt and skin, powerful as necessary to work the monumental stretch of land that was her equinity. Rhona kept her arms around the centaur's waist, fingers clenched and muscles taut, hoping to keep herself from letting loose on the monumental tits bouncing against them. Instead, she traced the impressive pack of abs Mia now sported. It made sense that she would become muscular, otherwise how else would she handle being so enormous.

Yet those weren't the most astonishing. Rhona kept her lips tight together, though her nostrils flared and her chest rumbled with deep rooted moans. Too late, she realised this put a horrible strain on her self-control. Between her legs, clad in a pair of yoga pants that barely concealed her panties from view, the transition of pleasure between Mia's steady gait and her already wanton snatch was miniscule. Now each echo of a step extended deep into her as Mia's bone and muscles rubbed her just right. She might suspect it was on purpose if Mia didn't seem oblivious.

"So... um, were we making you uncomfortable?" Mia asked.

"What?" Rhona started, sinking deeper into a raised joint. Droplets of bliss raced through her mind, as did the temptation of more. All that she needed was to let her guard down and give herself, and Mia, what they wanted. Hell, she would give Mia something she doubted the double-endowed centaur had experience; two cocks in one hole. Oh god, what was she thinking? It was impossible to conceive that Keira could handle one, much less Annie. And Rhona expected to take them both at once?

"Annie and Keira. You know? They were, uh, a little excited," Mia said, glancing back with rose tinted cheeks. It was just a glimpse, before she turned away, but enough that Rhona was forced to do the same. Mia probably thought she was also embarrassed, and was right, but not for the correct reasons. Seeing her was enough to remind Rhona how bad she wanted her.

How bad she had craved her since they met... It was Rhona's first week in her own place, then college started, and she saw her. She'd been several relationships before - none lasted long enough for her end it when she moved away - and all had fallen to shambles. That did nothing to curb her fantasies. Half-horse or not, Mia captivated her from day one.

Which got worse the longer they hung out. Rhona would notice small things, like the subtle twitch in Mia's right cheek when she was nervous, or the way she sometimes seemed awed by own her body and, in recent days, how she struggled not to stare at everyone's boobs or asses. They all worked in concert to make Rhona want her, despite knowing how such a relationship would end. It'd be fine for a few weeks, then Mia would see how Rhona clung to her. And that'd be the end of it.

"It-it's fine," Rhona said, shaking her head free. She had more important issues than worrying about an impossible future. Why would Mia be interested in her anyway? Every girl in Rhona's class lusted after Mia, and, from what she heard, the same held in true in others. Mia could choose from any of them. She could fuck a girl with tits bigger than Rhona's, an ass of equal magnitude, and an eagerness bordering on a slut's. She had nothing to offer except to be a friend.

"Are you sure?" Mia looked again, this time her brow creased. Her lips were set in a slight pout, and her eyes rounded. Rhona dug her nails into her palms to keep from kissing her. The sudden pain caused her to inhale, suffusing the pleasant air in Mia's musk. They passed a bakery, fresh loafs and cakes tempting any nostrils in range, yet even such an aroma was lost.

"Yeah. Definitely. Absolutely. Not my problem," Rhona said.

Suspicion relieved the creases on Mia's forehead. Her eyes thinned and her lips lifted faintly. Did she realise what Rhona wanted?

"Okay," she said and looked away, "Hey, want to go for a run?"

"Huh?"

"I haven't had a good gallop in ages. And I figured it'd be a cool way to make it up to you. It'll be fun, promise," Mia said.

"I don't know. I mean, it'll be safe right?" Rhona couldn't ask the question she most worried about. If Mia walking was enough to put her on the precipice of collapse, then even a jog would overwhelm. Even now, as they talked, Mai's legs lifted and lowered muscles in a soothing, erotic rhythm against Rhona's crotch.

They moved her body in tempo. Her snatch ground into the fur, plumping her nether lips with desire, while moisture oozed and soaked through her clothes. If Mia's scent didn't overpower all others, Rhona might think she would leave her mark. On random intervals, her clit would be crushed, forcing her jaw to clench lest she moan. She almost failed as the pleasure circumvented her concerns and swelled her nipples to stiff, needful peaks.

It would be so easy to lose herself. Just a few feet away were a pair of cocks that promised the ultimate satisfaction, and to forever leave their mark. Just one would irrevocably stretch her pussy. All those past times, most with decent sized men, would be meaningless. And the cum! Mia's balls were massive, the sloshing constant in the background as they walked. She'd be pregnant for sure.

Her first moan escaped her. Rhona froze, though Mia didn't, maintaining her slow, maddening rhythm. If she kept this up, whether or not Rhona resisted would be irrelevant. She would cum before long. Another minute? Thirty seconds?

"Of course," Mia said, bringing her thoughts back to the conversation, "I won't let anything happen to you that you don't want."

Did that include sticking her cocks inside her? Rhona swallowed the question, and a flood of spit with it. She was almost drooling as her fantasies rampaged.

"Okay then."

"Great! You're gonna love this," Mia said, that sultry edge returned to her voice. It was the tone reserved for seductresses, or steamy porn movies, the type that was designed to entice, and Mia pulled it off with ease. Did she even realise it?

She gave no acknowledgement to Rhona's moan, nor to her building motions. Pleasure boiled under the girl's flesh, brimming over as sweat and her creamy pussy juice. Her fingers twitched beneath the giant pillows of Mia's tits, longing to sink into them, to explore every square inch. Just that would take all day, to speak nothing of how long Rhona wanted to suckle from those nipples.

"How's your boyfriend?" Mia asked from the aether.

"What? Oh, uh... don't have one."

"Oh? I thought you'd get all the guys," Mia said. She turned to address her, half-lidded eyes cascading over Rhona's body, devouring it, drenching it in her gaze. A slight smirk tugged on her lips. Was that her approval?

"No! I mean, um, that's not... I'm not interested in that right now."
