 Several vibrations roused her. One after the other, incessant, like the barking of a small dog. Mia leaned up and frowned, looking for the source through bleary eyes. She rubbed the sleep from them and saw her phone close by, flashing its message notification at her. Grabbing it, she found that all were from Annie.

Hey, have you seen Rhona? She's not in class.

She's not answering her phone. Text me back asap.

Think she's sick? I wanna check on her, but I can't skip today. Could you?

Mia?

Mia?

Giant centaur girl? You there? Don't tell me you lost your phone in your tits or something. But I'll be happy to fish it out for you.

Mia rolled her eyes and typed a quick reply, then reread Annie's texts and guilt wormed around her. As did something else. Pleasure flickered amidst her concern, tugging her attention down to her lower body. Roshni laid, still asleep, with her body curled around the sheaths and her face half-swallowed by an opening. The black mass of Mia's cock kept her head from being engulfed, in exchange for dousing her in pre-cum.

She shook her head at the sight and went back to her phone. Then stopped and looked again. Last night, she recalled Roshni being tiny, perhaps half the size of her phalli. The doctor was just shy of five feet tall. Mia's sheaths matched her in length and trounced her in girth. She rubbed at a tender spot atop her head with a glance at the ceiling. Getting around would be a nightmare.

Before she could worry about that, however, she wanted to check on Rhona. Yesterday afternoon, the expression on her friend's face, how she seemed hurt and scared by Mia's approach, sank through the centaur's mind.

I'll try looking in on her later.

She sent a quick 'hello' to Rhona, then tossed it onto a chair and extracted herself from Roshni's hug. She left her slumbering on the floor and shuffled from the room, hunched over to avoid the roof. Her bathroom, which had taller walls, felt cramped now and made relieving herself awkward. After floundering, she exited and took stock of what became of her body.

"Oh my god," Roshni's half-muttered statement was adequate.

"Yeah." Mia glanced at her discarded clothes, then at the bag of fresh purchases. She tried and failed to pick them up, until she managed to kick them up with her leg. Most wouldn't fit over her chest, but a few might. She pulled one on and sighed when it snapped against her waist above her navel. The stretch fabric stretched taut over her skin, moulding to the mountains of her breasts and lean musculature.

Why even bother? Modesty meant nothing after everything she had done, and not when her most outrageous aspect bounced and swayed between her legs. All it'd take is a lapse in judgement, a passer-by caught unawares, and they'd be smothered in her dick. Then, if it was a woman, chances are they'd follow nearly everyone else's example. Another otherwise normal woman turned into a slut.

That'd be nice... Mia dropped the bag and chewed her lip. She shouldn't think that. Sleeping with random strangers went too far. Her friends, or acquaintances in some cases, was fine. They consented to it. They liked her, perhaps with one exception, and knew her beyond what she was.

But the thought of turning a stranger into a complete slut just by their being in her path... She went back to her phone, a distraction. Annie hadn't responded, but at eleven AM she would be in class. Rhona had no excuse if she was absent. Mia plopped back onto the floor and stretched her human muscles, then grimaced at how the shirt creaked around her tits.

"What's wrong?" Roshni asked through a yawn. She stayed curled on the ground, cheek propped on a palm and watching Mia with hooded-eyes. Satisfied exhaustion saturated her. From the grin teasing the corner of her lips, to the way her legs splayed open, unabashedly showing off her ruined pussy.

"I messed things up with a friend," Mia said and sent another text.

"It'll be okay," Roshni inched forward and rested her head on the centaur's powerful form, "You're a good person."

"I'm not so sure. I started flirting with her and... I don't know. I didn't even think she'd say no."

"It's to be expected," Roshni ran her fingers through Mia's fur, a gentle, comforting scratch, "But I expect it's frightening. You'd have to be crazy not to be unnerved by someone like you. I imagine some people smell you before they see you, then it arouses them for no other reason. Like yesterday, I haven't felt that turned on in years. Possibly ever. I doubt anyone could really refuse you if you tried."

"Rhona did," Mia said, harsher than she meant, "I even made her cum and she... This isn't right. For all I know she was abused or something. Whatever's happening to me, it's fucking with my brain, Roshni." Her words trembled at the memory of how she'd taken Roshni last night. Even if she had refused, would that've stopped her?

"You're still Mia," Roshni said and stood up. At her full height, she only came eye to eye with Mia's nipples, which gave her pause, "Oh, the injection didn't work."

"No."

"I'll keep working on it. For now, you should work on setting things right with Rhona. I doubt she likes this any more than you do."

"I'll just fuck up again."

"I don't think you will. Just be honest with her. If that means you want to fuck, then it's better that she knows."

"Yeah, I guess," Mia said. Not that it would be easy. Rhona might not even want to see her, much less talk, if her lack of texts were anything to judge by. She wouldn't know without seeing her again, though. The thought picked away at her nerves, joined by her inane desires, both whispering in her ears why she shouldn't and should go. Desire had an easy victory, however, for all it needed was to remind her of Rhona's ass when she walked away, or how it felt on her back. For the wrong reason, Mia left her house.

The walk played like a nightmarish dream. Rhona lived in a small suburb, surrounded by apartment blocks on one side and fields on the other, which led to a small farming district just on the fringe. Mia could've cut through them, even taken a run to distract herself, but the farmers were uneasy around her. They claimed that 'she made the animals restless', so she clopped along the roads. A sidewalk wouldn't fit her anymore, and the road struggled already.

Several times, she missed a car underneath her until the heated metal brushed her sheaths. People complained about it, but soon dwindled as the touches tore at her self-control. Women's whispers rose above the traffic, increasingly lurid as they discussed her genitals. Taller cars were the worst. Her balls rubbed across them, sometimes shaking with the vibrations of a stereo.

It wasn't long until her pre-cum flowed. Her cocks remained tucked away, but the tide wouldn't be denied. Windscreens were splattered in murky pre, and unlucky drivers with their windows down got a heady dose. None complained. Even the nun she spied on a street corner was silent at the sight.

"Oh thank god!" Mia gasped once she was free of the busy roads. The suburb stretched a short way before her, devoid of activity with children and their parents away. A few cars remained, one of which she recognised as Rhona's sisters. It sat in the driveway of a Victorian inspired home. Two stories tall, shingled roof and ornate window planes. The front door was an oaken brown and tiny compared to her towering stature.

She glanced through the first-floor windows and flushed when she realised what that meant. Long breaths, she thought and did her best to calm her heart. At her size, it must sound like a drum. Mia stretched down under the alcove and pushed the doorbell, then carefully extracted herself.

"Hell...o?" One of Rhona's sisters, Jasmine if Mia recalled correctly, gawked at the centaur. Anyone would. Though the novelty of a real-life myth had long since worn off, meeting a house-sized one was fresh. Not even a day old.

"Hi, um, is Rhona in?"

"Yeah, sure," Jasmine didn't move, but for her eyes, which raked in Mia's form with a shameless hunger. Her nostrils flared as she spotted the sheaths, bloated from her cocks, "I'll just get her." The door shut and Mia waited. And waited. She caught hints of an arguments, words that no sister wanted to hear, then silence. Jasmine returned, flushed and wide-eyed.

"She's being difficult," she sighed.

"Her room's at the back, isn't it?" Mia asked.

"Yeah."

"Do you mind if I go round? I just need to talk to her a bit."

"Just don't wreck the fence. Dad might have a stroke and Mom will probably blame us. Don't think they'll buy 'it was a fifteen-foot centaur'."

"No," Mia chuckled, hiding what the statement did to her. She didn't think she was that tall, but not far off either. Two-story houses measured perhaps twenty feet, more with the roof, and she already stood level to the windows... Mia pushed the thoughts aside, though her stomach continued twisting and churning.

"See ya," Jasmine said.

"Yeah." The houses were spaced far apart to her relief. Mia straddled the property line, cautious of the bushes and flowerbeds on either side, and found her way into Rhona's backyard. Her hindlegs stopped a foot shy of the fence at the back, lined by lush shrubberies. Vibrant ivy crawled along the house's drains and framed the window she wanted, through which she saw a naked Rhona scrutinising a shirt. What she wouldn't give to feel it around her cocks.

Shut up, Mia chided herself and fixed her attention on anything beyond Rhona's nudity. She couldn't let herself drink her in. Even glancing at the ebony delight before her was too risky. Her breasts sat high on her chest, slightly flatter than in a bra, but capped with plump nipples that begged to be suckled. Like a pair of delicious chocolates just staring her in the face.

And those hips. Mia sucked in an unconscious breath as her eyes betrayed her, raking in the arch and dip of Rhona's lower body. Her cocks twitched in memory of how her friend's ass had felt on her back, accompanied by the heat of an unsated pussy. Unsated... and unmarked.

"Shit!" Mia jumped at the hiss from the room. She thought Rhona had seen her for a second, then realised that she'd turned her back to the outside. Mia gulped. Smooth muscle streamed down her back and into the cascade of fat on her rump, layered atop a set of thighs designed to wrap around someone's sides. She wiped at her chin. When had she started drooling?

Rhona threw down the shirt. Instead of a simple thump, Mia heard it splatter against the floor. Her friend fretted about, hands in her curls as she stared at something outside Mia's view, "Why isn't it enough?" She said, almost a plea.

"Rhona! Mia's here!" Someone shouted, probably Jasmine.

"I don't... I can't..."

"Oh and she's in the backyard!"

"What?" Rhona turned and almost collapsed, "Holy shit."

"Uh, hi," Mia gave a slight wave.

"Y-you're huge," Rhona said an awed grin on her face, before she recovered and put on a neutral mask, "What're you doing here?"

"Right to it. So, uh, about yesterday..." Rhona's stance stiffened, "I'm sorry."

"Oh," Rhona exhaled, then seemed to realise her state of undress and rushed to pull a clean shirt and pants on, "Is that all?"

"No! No, I mean... what more can I say? I don't know what's going on anymore." Rhona's expression softened and she leaned on the windowsill, waiting. "Look at me. I'm a giant centaur."

"That doesn't you can just start... you know."

"Y-yeah," Mia nodded, "I'm really sorry." Her eyes stung and her nose felt blocked. Rhona didn't say anything, nor did her face change. She just looked out at the centaur, unreadable beyond the mask she wore.

Then she broke the silence, "Everyone I've been with, just leaves me. Without a word. Or I have to leave them," her fingers clenched around the ledge, "I don't want to deal with that again."

"I've lost people too," Mia said after a moment, "Maybe not as many as you, but do you have any idea what it's like to be normal, then wake up like this? I had friends, parents and a life. Then I lost it all. Do you have any idea what that's like?" Mia reiterated.

"No."

"No," Mia hugged her sides, not wanting to let her anger out for such a small reason. It wasn't really anger, but a justification. If she kept going, she would make Rhona feel guilty and perhaps forgive her, or more. Then what? Doing so went a step beyond not considering someone's feelings. She acknowledged and used them.

"I could've been a gymnast or something. I used to be really flexible, you know. My parents were happy, I had good grades, a boyfriend and... and that's all gone. You know what, though? I got over it."

"Yeah, that must've been so difficult," Rhona rolled her eyes, "Give me a break. I'm sorry what happened to you, but look at you now. You've got everything you could ever want. More than that! You've fucked plenty of women. Annie, Keira and that slut, just from who I know. Yeah, it must've sucked at first. You have no reason to complain now."

"And you do?"

"Yeah. What the fuck do you expect? Almost everyday I'm around you. You're beautiful, tall, kind and... and... I just can't go through that again."

"Someone's melodramatic," Jasmine's voice called.

"Not now Jasmine!" Rhona huffed.

"Rhona," Mia sighed and leaned down to the window, "I'm not going anywhere. Not like I can just up and move. Everyone would through a fit."

"I know, but..." Rhona glanced at the grass, a dozen feet beneath her, then at Mia.

"Rhona," Mia gently pressed her forehead to the glass, staring at her friend, "I don't think I can help myself. Everyday, I feel less like me. You, Annie and Keira might be the only people who'll treat me the same."

"Please, I've seen how Annie acts around you," Rhona shook her head, laughing softly, "She'd tie herself to your dick if you let her."

"Yeah, she would," Mia grinned, "But she's always been like that. She once volunteered to drag my dick out."

"Why?" Rhona snickered.

"Couldn't get erections back then. Something about my hormones balancing or some shit. Guess that's why this crap's happening now."

"Guess so," Rhona sat to the side and studied her hands. Mia didn't know what she expected of her friend's room, but barren wasn't part of it. Minimalism didn't suite Rhona. Desk, closet and bed, the only screens belonged to her monitor and phone, and the beige walls stood bare. Then she glanced to Rhona, who stood out all the greater amidst the simple surroundings. Even the uncertainty on her face couldn't dim the extravagance she radiated by comparison.

Mia swallowed a groan. Her cocks hardened and stretched in their prisons, twitching with her heartbeat. At her size, it would be simple to just break open the window and draw Rhona out. One minute of concentrated exposure and she'd be hers.

"I should go," Mia forced the words out. Any longer and she wouldn't hold herself back. The demands of her body, its throbbing need, already punctured her willpower, dulling and luring her thoughts to what she could do to Rhona. Fucking Roshni with both dicks at once was a dream, but she was a slight woman, without the reach, strength or softness that Rhona possessed. Oh, to feel those cheeks sliding across her underbelly, while her cocks turned her insides into a condom. Then a house of cum.

"No, don't," Rhona stood and grabbed the window's handle. With the glass, Mia's pheromones couldn't bombard her, but few windows were airtight. One opening and the full brunt of her chemical-laden musk would tear apart any resistance, any semblance of hesitation, until Rhona became another eager cock sleeve.

Open it... Mia swallowed back the words. Furrowed lines marked Rhona's face in indecision, yet her hands didn't move away, and her thighs pressed close together to hide a slight but growing wetness. Wanton desire paced in her eyes, a reflection of Mia's own cravings.

"You promise that you're not gonna leave me?" Rhona eventually said.

"Wouldn't dream of it," Mia said.

"So, if I open this window and we fuck, you're still gonna fool around with Annie and Keira, right?"

Mia blushed, "And my doctor. And a couple others. Maybe more."

"You really can't help it?" Rhona asked. Her lips twitched as she shook her head, "You're hopeless. A hopeless giant, double-dicked, beautiful centaur girl."

"I'm working on it."

"Don't worry," Rhona chuckled and unlatched the window. It creaked open, then snapped taut at a gust of air, on which Mia's pheromones and aroma sailed. Immediately, her mouth fell open and her nostrils filled her lungs with the tainted air. The wetness on her leggings trailed along the seams, darkening with every breath, until a drop escaped.

"Oh fuck," Rhona said. Her hands tugged on her shirt, damp from a fine layer of sweat that clung to her nipples, as if it choked her, "That's, uh, that's... whoa."

"I get that," Mia smirked and reached inside. The smile fell when she saw how her hand measured to Rhona's body, easily able to wrap around her slender waist. One finger would outdo an average cock, in size and dexterity. And just mere feet away, her own dicks strained her sheaths, desperate to be freed. Everything about her dwarfed Rhona. Even her tits were vaster than the woman's entire body now. It would take one mistake and she'd be crushed.

"It's okay," Rhona placed a hand on Mia's, reading the thoughts on her obtrusive face. The other busied itself with groping her own breast, rolling the fleshy mound and pinching the nipple in her fingers, "You won't hurt me. Besides, maybe I'm into that." She added with a wink.

Mai rolled her eyes and pulled her out into the open. Where fresh air should flourish amongst the aroma of flowers and suburbia, all Mia smelled was sex. Not just her own dominant musk, but Rhona's increasing wetness, which had a palatable tone to it. Her tongue flicked out, almost tasting the scent.

She brought Rhona to her face, cradling her in both hands, and peeled off the ever-moistening pants. Dark skin poured into the open, marred by slight stretch marks. To be expected with her bottom heavy figure, but no less appetising. Rhona dealt with her shirt and let it drop to the grass. Even without being a centaur, Mia couldn't believe her situation. She held this woman in her hands, so small that she laid atop the palms, at her mercy.

At such a distance, Rhona's musk filtered out all else. It soaked into Mia's sinuses, extended deep into her head and lungs, and pulled a line of drool from her lips. She needed to taste her.

"Open wide," Mia said and gulped as her friend did so, spreading her legs and pussy to her gaze. It was an adorable sight, a relief after seeing Roshni's soiled cunt, and drenched. Juices sweated out and dripped along the mons, into the swell of her ass. She couldn't resist kneading the cheeks with her thumbs. She stopped and raised Rhona to her lips, then slipped her tongue out to lap at the folds. They spasmed at her touch and spattered the muscle in flavour.

Mia moaned at the taste and pressed further. She kissed the opening, flower-like as the petals parted for her tongue, which prodded and lapped at it, from taint to clit. Rhona undulated against her, reaching out to grab whatever she could. Her legs kicked at a stab of pleasure when Mia suckled on her, pulling the lips into her like a vacuum, and wound up inside the centaur's mouth. Commanded by pleasure, she didn't remove it instantly. Instead, she lathered it in her spit and popped it free with a playful flick on the foot.

"Oh god," Rhona moaned as her pussy was assaulted once more. At Mia's size, not an inch was spared. Her tongue covered everything, slavering not just Rhona's crotch in saliva but her inner thighs, replacing the copious sweat already there. The tip probed at her orifice. It gushed around the muscle, but didn't open for it. Just Mia's tongue seemed too big.
