 Author's Note: Alisa and Bianca are a happy couple together. One is an underdeveloped futanari and the other is a stacked babe respectively, but a night out, and some drinking, changes that. For better? Or for worse?

*

Alisa moaned softly into her girlfriend's lips. She felt so hot and tight, yet smooth like velvet as Alisa was bathed in her pleasure. Alisa's hands roved across her lover's supple form, finding and cupping her delectable ass cheeks like two globes of sensual flesh. No one's ass compared to it, not in her mind. Particularly not as she brought her hand down on a cheek, feeling the tender layer of fat ripple over hard sinew. Perfect, Alisa thought rapturously. 

"Hmm, you feel so good," Alisa panted hotly as she groped her lover's ass cheeks, feeling her clench in response.

"And you feel so hard," Bianca moaned lustfully and silenced her girlfriend with a strong kiss, finding and subduing her tongue. They pulled apart with a needful gasp. Bianca sat up and placed her hands onto Alisa's stomach, where her lightly toned abs more than supported her weight, "Ready for a ride?"

"Fuck yeah," Alisa beamed and laid her hands under her head, cocking an expectant eyebrow as she continued to lazily thrust her hips. Bianca chuckled huskily under her breath as she began to bounce up and down, rolling her stomach with each action as she clenched her depths around Alisa.

Bianca gazed down at Alisa, who stared up at her adoringly. This position was perfect in their eyes, allowing both to drink in the visage of their love. The bounce of Bianca's tits, the gentle curve and ripple of her smooth belly urged Alisa onward, yet it was her face that enraptured the smaller girl. It was that look in her eye, that glint of pure, undiluted lust and pleasure.

Alisa reached up and cupped her bouncing lover's tits. They were perfect, large without being overwhelming and perky despite their size, sitting high on Bianca's chest with twin dusky pink nipples capping them. Even covered they were so utterly enticing. And now Alisa could revel in their softness, while savouring the blazing moisture of Bianca's tight pussy. Few things captivated Alisa's attention as such a combination.

Bianca's ass was an intensely close second, though. Her cheeks were firm from her constant jogging and biking, tapering down into her thick thighs that framed Alisa's own comparatively thin legs. Some days Alisa wondered just what form of good deeds she had done to deserve such karma, not that she dwelled on it long. She wasn't one to look a gift horse in the mouth. Especially when that horse was a hot chick with a personality to match.

"I love you," Alisa moaned as she felt her orgasm rising.

"I love you too," Bianca panted above her, visibly nearing her limit as well, "It's a safe night so go wild," she whispered airily into her lover's ear.

"Well then," Alisa grunted and flipped them over so that she could thrust down into Bianca's snatch and bury her face in those luscious pillow-like mounds. Both panted and moaned, losing themselves in the act as pleasure mounted higher and higher. Alisa was too short to reach her girlfriend's face in such a position, however it hardly mattered at the time. What did was the swelling sensation in her groin and the tightness undulating around her.

"G-gonna cum, Anca," Alisa rasped and latched onto the closest nipple.

"Do it, Liz. Cum in me. I haven't had it in so long," Bianca responded in kind, bucking her hips against her lover's, who's tempo quickly became erratic. Both cried out in tandem as their orgasms crashed through them, sending jolts of pure electric ecstasy racing across their nerves and straight to their brains.

"So good," Bianca cried as she was filled, a sensation she hadn't experienced in what felt like months, despite only being a day, "So much," she moaned, basking in the sensations of her pussy beginning to overflow with semen.

Alisa never thought she'd have such a beautiful girlfriend, not one who so readily accepted her for what she was; a futanari. She had both a cock and pussy, both fully functional. More so, in fact as their conflicting natures led to her libido sky rocketing during puberty. Yet she couldn't keep a partner for long, not after they found out about her. It wasn't until now, her junior year at college, that she had met someone.

They'd met at a party that neither of them wanted to attend, but their roommates had coerced them into coming. 

Alisa kept to the corners, sipping at an unbranded beer. She simply observed the partygoers, watching them have fun and laugh and dance. Some couples were getting closer, inhibitions slacking under the alcohol's effects, slow-dancing as they kissed and groped each other. One girl was getting particularly bold as she practically jerked her boyfriend off in plain view.

Alisa looked away from the display as soon as she could. Her secret pulsed behind her skirt, straining her underwear with its desire to freely enjoy the spectacles around her. No one noticed the blush in her cheeks to her relief, all of them preoccupied with the music, booze, girls and potential scandals. Alisa was glad to be exempt from that group, though she wished that she could talk to one of the hot girls. Maybe if they were drunk enough...? Alisa shook the thought from her head. She wasn't about to try and get someone drunk just to sleep with them.

Bianca couldn't stand frat parties. Or sorority parties. Or, indeed, any party in general. The music was always the same electric beat that pounded in her head and was always too loud, which meant that people would yell over it to have conversations, meaning that the volume would only rise. Not to mention how obnoxious people became when drunk, more so if they were already aggravating when sober. And the flirting. Bianca felt that she could write an epic on how terribly guys flirted when inebriated.

Yet, there she was, trying to blend into the wall behind her and nursing a cup of nondescript beer. Her roommate had begged for her to come, almost in tears saying that she wouldn't know anyone there. Bianca glared in her roommate's direction, but she didn't notice as she flirted with a couple of guys, and sighed. She could be in bed by now or studying or anything else more productive than this party.

Then Bianca spied a friendly face in a corner trying to hide away. Bianca waded through the throngs of people, eager for some form of companionship that wasn't either trying to score with her or get her to enjoy herself, and tapped on her chosen companion's shoulder.

"Hi!" Bianca shouted over the music. The girl shied away slightly.

"HI," she said, though it was almost completely lost under the overwhelming music.

"My name's Bianca, what's yours?"

"Alisa," the girl said, louder this time, though she was clearly uncomfortable.

"Want to go somewhere quieter?"

Alisa couldn't muster anything more than a nod. Why was this dictionary definition of 'babe' talking to her? For that matter, why was she trying to get her away from the party? Alisa followed after her, regardless of the reason. They climbed the stairs and found a vacant bedroom. Bianca closed the door behind them, shutting out most of the drone-like music. Alisa heard the hot girl and herself sigh in relief, then they shared a small laugh.

"Did your roommate drag you here as well?" Bianca asked, taking a seat on the bed and patting the space beside for Alisa to join her.

"Yeah," Alisa nodded and accepted the offer seat. She sat as far from Bianca as possible, though, not trusting her alcohol laxed brain to behave.

"So, what's your deal? You know, hiding in a corner?"

"Uh, well... I just don't do so good at parties, I guess? What about you?"

"Can't stand the things," Bianca chuckled, "Everyone gets drunk and tries to flirt with me."

"Yeah, I bet that's horrible," Alisa muttered, glancing down at her own meagre chest.

"Trust me, it is. I wish I had your body, then I'd be the cute girl next door type," Bianca smiled fondly at Alisa, glancing her up and down and taking in the blush that flared to life on her face.

"Y-y-you don't mean that," Alisa looked away.

"Maybe. Doesn't change the fact that I like your body. Definitely my type," Bianca lowered her voice to a seductive husky tone, leaning in toward Alisa.

"You mean, you're...?"

"I'm bi, honey," Bianca explained, scooting closer, "I prefer girls mostly. So... what do you say?"

"You're drunk," Alisa groaned dejectedly.

"Nope. I've only had maybe a quarter of a cup."

"Then you're high."

"Negative. No one brought weed here, I'd have left otherwise."

"Then you're..." Alisa trailed off as she turned to see Bianca's face mere inches from her own.

"You," Bianca began and pressed a finger to Alisa's adorable chest, "Are my type. We can worry about personalities later. For now," she moved even closer, until her lips nearly met her target's, and brought a hand to her thigh, "Let's have a bit of fun."

"W-wait!" Alisa yelped as Bianca's hand grasped at the crotch of her jeans. The hot girl pulled back in shock and frowned at Alisa, who's face burned like a sun going supernova at that moment.

"You're trans?"

"N-no... not exactly. I'm, uh, I'm both," Alisa explained, ready to hear a shocked gasp, followed by an insult. What one would it be this time? The classic 'freak', perhaps?

"Show me," Bianca said with an excited gleam in her eyes and an accompanying smirk.

"What?" Alisa was too shocked to even stutter, but Bianca didn't repeat herself and merely stared at her with an intrigued, little smile on her plump lips. Even now, after months together, Alisa still didn't really know why she did what came next. She stood up, facing away from Bianca, and undid her belt, hooked her thumbs in her underwear then pushed them down. With a deep, hesitant -- yet excited -- breath, Alisa turned around. Bianca was silent.

And then, still to Alisa's bewilderment, Bianca's response was;

"Fuck, that's hot."

Those three words had changed everything for Alisa. And now she was having sex with that same girl she'd met four months ago, and cumming inside of her no less.

They curled up against one another after their climaxes waned. Semen drooled from Bianca's pussy, staining the bed below and caking her thighs in Alisa's ejaculate, but she didn't care. Nor did Alisa about her lover's juices drying on her flaccid cock.

"Happy four-month anniversary," Alisa said with a dazed grin and kissed her lover.

"Hmm, I'm more interested in our four-month and one-day anniversary," Bianca giggled lightly. The two shared a grin and took the other in.

Alisa could have passed for the textbook definition of cute. Her face was gently rounded, her lips were plump and set into a permanent pout, with large eyes above a cute, button nose that had a splash of freckles across it. Her red hair was a vibrant crimson, soft and silky to the eye and touch. Her figure was lithe, though not athletic or all that flexible, and suited her below average height. Then, to cap it all off, she had a cock and pussy.

Bianca was a near total opposite. Her body was built for an athlete or a cheerleader, with her broad hips, strong thighs, long legs and flexibility. Yet her shoulders were slender, almost eclipsed by her large bust that threatened to dominate her torso, with silky locks of mahogany brown hair trailing over them. Alisa couldn't believe that such a bombshell had so much as talked to her, let alone was her girlfriend of four months.

"Well, that new bar opened up last night. Maybe we could go there and have a bit of fun? A big blowout before you leave." Alisa offered.

"Oh? I didn't think you were into public sex," Bianca teased and wriggled her hips, cooing at the soft squelch of her lover's still moist seed. Alisa rolled her eyes.

"I meant the normal kind of fun. Grab dinner, have a few drinks and then we have drunken sex."

"I prefer to remember my nights," Bianca chuckled, "But, with you, I'm sure I'll remember enough."

"Just wait until you get me drunk," Alisa murmured, feeling exhaustion sink in after her potent orgasm.

The next night, they went down to the bar and ordered drink after drink. Before long, Alisa was undeniably inebriated and Bianca quickly joined her, gulping down whatever drinks were laid before as if she had been travelling through a dessert. They exited the bar after Alisa barely managed to keep herself from tripping over her own feet. Regardless, both were in high, drunken spirits. 

"You were totally gonna throw up back there!" Alisa chortled and playfully shoved her girlfriend, Bianca, as they both shambled down the street to their home.

"Was not! You were gonna pass out, though!" Bianca snickered, sneaking a light kiss on her partner's cheek.

"Oh, you bitch," Alisa pulled her in and roughly shoved her lips against hers, slipping her tongue inside and tasting the gin that coated Bianca's mouth, "I'll get you for that later," Alisa slurred.

"I'm counting on it," Bianca giggled and reached down to cup her girlfriend's crotch, feeling her cock throb in response.

"Excuse me, ladies. Could you spare me a few cents for a bus?" Asked an elderly woman, hunched and frail bodied with shaky hands. Alisa and Bianca pulled apart with an annoyed groan to look at the woman.

"No dice, bitch," Bianca sneered drunkenly, frustrated that their embrace had been interrupted.

"Yeah, fuck off," Alisa affirmed with a flip of her middle finger.

"Youngsters these days," the woman muttered bitterly, "Always thinking with their dicks and vaginas." The words caused Alisa to sober slightly.

"How'd you...?"

"Well, here!" The woman cackled, "How about a little deterrent? Or incentive? How ever you 'lovely' ladies want to look at it. Enjoy," the old lady pulled a pouch from inside her clothes and held it over an open palm. A small pile of dust spilled out, only to be blown forward by a sharp gust of wind. Each speck somehow zeroed in on Alisa and Bianca, who both stared in confused, drunken silence.

They blinked as the dust reached them and reached up to swat it away. Once the air had settled, they frowned in confusion at the empty sidewalk ahead of them, before the alcohol in their systems pushed the strange woman from their minds. Their attentions shifted to something far more intriguing for the both of them.

"I'm getting horny," Alisa mumbled, reaching down to grope at her crotch.

Bianca nodded, "Let's go." She took her girlfriend's hand and pulled her onward.

They stumbled into their dorm room and immediately made a beeline for the bed. Along the way, both tore at the other's clothes with an almost feral desperation, groaning hungrily into one another's mouths as their tongues duelled for supremacy. Alisa won out when she snapped her hands into place on Bianca's incredible naked ass, causing the voluptuous girl to moan eagerly.

"Fuck me, Liz," Bianca rasped into her lover's ear. Her pussy practically ached with need, requiring all her restraint to keep from fingering herself. Alisa was fortunately in a similar predicament as her cock threatened to tear through her leggings. The petite futa nodded and tore at the crotch of her pantyhose, freeing her rigid prick. Bianca laid down on the bed, ass teetering on the edge, and spread her legs wide. Both cried out in relief as Alisa sank all of her dick inside.

Wet slaps filled the air as Alisa's crotch quickly became coated in her lover's copious juices. Moans and lustful grunts joined the lewd symphony. Alisa threw caution for her partner to the wind and thrust her hips with all the force and speed she could muster, roiling her body to hasten her efforts. She gripped Bianca's hips tight enough to earn a pained groan, but it was lost to the choir of moans and the pounding of flesh on flesh. One of Alisa's hands darted forward to grope at Bianca's bouncing tit.

"More, more, more," Bianca pleaded as she bucked against her lover. Sweat beaded across her skin, glistening on her tan flesh in the way that she knew drove Alisa wild. And that night was no exception, as the futa hunched forward and sucked a plump teat into her mouth, "Cumming... Liz, ah fuck! Liz, I'm cumming!" Bianca screamed. The tendons on her throat stood out in stark relief to her slender neck as she threw her head back in wild abandon.

Alisa groaned ferally around the nipple in her mouth, lapping at the salty sweat that coated the nub. She loved seeing Bianca sweat, her tan flesh would glisten so sensually and her breaths would force her breasts to stand out and jiggle more than normal. Alisa sucked hard on her cumming lover's tit, biting down on it to draw out her pleasure with pain. The other breast bounced wildly with Alisa's voracious thrusts, before she captured it in her hand and pulled on the untouched nipple. Bianca's scream continued as her orgasm crashed through her.

Alisa could feel her own climax building. Her balls slammed against Bianca's ass with each thrust as her cock throbbed powerfully and her gut grew taut. She pulled off the nipple, hand darting up to grope at the delicious mounds, and looked up at Bianca. There were no words to describe the face of utter rapture she wielded. Nor was there any need to describe it. Alisa only wanted to gaze upon for longer. And there was a simple method.

"Yes, yes, yes! Gonna cum too. Gonna fill you up!" Alisa cried and moved her hips with all the strength that her tiny body could muster.

"Yes!" Bianca's voice gave out at that word and her body seized up, pussy clamping down like a hot, wet velvety vice as Alisa hilted inside of her. Cum spewed from her tip. She had never felt a climax like this before, so strong and forceful. Whether it was the booze or just a particularly good night didn't matter, all that did was the feeling of being so close to Bianca.

"So good," Bianca moaned sleepily. Her sweat covered body was embraced by Alisa, who turned her lover onto her side and settled in to spoon against her. Satisfaction radiated from her skin, feeding into Alisa's own afterglow. Through the blissful haze, Bianca felt a new kind of warmth suffuse her skin. It passed before she could identify it, however.

Outside, the elderly woman stared up at their window with a deep-rooted grin on her withered face.

"Just as I thought, they can't get enough of each other," she cackled, "Well, let's just see where that gets them." With a ghostly laugh, she vanished in a flurry of fallen leaves.

Alisa was the first to wake up from her drunken slumber. She yawned and propped herself up on an elbow, finding that she was still against Bianca, who snored lightly with a warm glow to her cheeks. Alisa grinned down at her and carefully pulled away, grimacing as she felt her dried, crusty cum on Bianca's thighs. She stood and headed to the bathroom, where she relieved her bladder and washed off her lover's juices. Then she went to the kitchen and poured a glass of orange juice.

"Fuck me," Bianca groaned from the bed and pulled the bed sheets up to hide her face from the sunlight streaming in.

"Already done that," Alisa replied cheerfully and took a drink from her glass.

"You seem fine," Bianca huffed and threw the sheets down when she realised they did little to help.

"I actually remembered the rules to drinking," Alisa teased and walked over, "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll feel better before your parents pick you up."

"Ugh, don't remind me," Bianca grumbled, "A whole weekend without my favourite little futanari to fuck me...?" She gave a melodramatic sigh. Alisa chuckled and pecked her on the lips.

"Don't worry. I'll be sure to send you a pic of your favourite dick every day."

"Hmm, hardly seems fair. I've got to send you pics of my tits, ass and pussy."

"Fair point. Okay, I'll send you a video of me jerking off. How's that?" Bianca's face brightened up like the fourth of July and Christmas had joined together.
