 "Huh? Wha-?" Bianca sat up and rubbed her eyes groggily, while her phone vibrated noisily across the room. She ignored it and stretched, hoping to work the sleepiness from her tired bones, with a satisfied grunt. The exhaustion that pervaded her body felt wonderful, as if she had woken from a much-needed nap. Or completed a long-procrastinated goal before falling asleep. Her phone continued to hum violently.

She picked it up and, with a groggy mumble, said, "Hello?"

"Finally," a familiar voice sighed; Alisa. Bianca quickly shook herself awake and smirked despite knowing Alisa couldn't see.

"It's good to hear you again," Bianca breathed, ignoring her lover's disgruntled sigh.

"Maybe not after I tell you this," Alisa said, followed by the sound of tapping keys, "We've been cursed. Or something to that effect."

"Um, Alisa... you do realise that you sound kind of nuts, right?" Bianca chuckled, the motion making her chest bounce as it always did. Though maybe a little too much, she thought with a frown and lowered her eyes, "Whoa..."

"Your breasts are bigger, aren't they?"

"Yeah, by, like, a lot. How'd you know?"

"Because it's happening to me as well."

"That's not so bad, is it? I mean, you always complain about your boobs," Bianca stated nonchalantly, despite her concerns resurfacing about her apparent growth spurt.

"I'm not getting bustier. It's my... you know?" Alisa's voice lowered to a whisper, as if she was afraid someone else might hear.

"Again, I fail to see the issues," Bianca giggled, already feeling her pussy grow moist with anticipation. Her lover wasn't exactly well-endowed, she simply knew how to use every inch and had an abundance of energy to boot. An extra couple of inches would be marvellous, Bianca thought with a dreamy sigh. Then Alisa could fill her just right. Her hand strayed across her stomach to her soaked panties.

"Because it's not stopping!" Alisa raised her voice, clearly growing frustrated by Bianca's nonplussed attitude, "I'm already three inches bigger than I used to be."

"Three?" Bianca inquired and licked her lips, dipping a finger into her eager snatch.

"Bianca, please... just listen, please?" She didn't wait for a response, "Every time we cum, we're growing bigger. And w-whatever's causing it, it's making us horny all the fucking time. I even had an... an erection in the exam." Bianca stopped herself and removed her finger, ignoring the sense of disappointment that radiated from her crotch. Alisa wasn't just playing.

"Then what do we do?" Bianca asked, grasping at her dishevelled shirt to keep her other hand occupied. The fingers squirmed and fiddled anxiously with the fabric

"We can't cum," Alisa exhaled heavily, "Not... not until I find a way to stop it."

"That's easier said than done," Bianca groaned, straining against her own desires to keep her thighs from rubbing together. How was she going to not cum, let alone masturbate? She'd just woken up and already her pussy was enthralled by the thought of another orgasm, growing damper by the second.

"I know," Alisa groaned, "But we have to at least try. If not, then we're gonna end up enormous. We might not be able to even move."

"Okay, okay. I get it. No masturbating," Bianca could almost feel her pussy clench in disdain at the very idea.

"I'll find a way to stop it," Alisa vowed, "Even if it means wearing the ultimate chastity belt," she added with a small chuckle. Bianca smiled softly at the sound, glad to have allayed her girlfriend's concerns. For the time being at least. That still didn't solve the question of how to stop herself exactly.

"Anything I can do?"

"Try and enjoy your time with your parents... and maybe bring me back something nice."

Bianca laughed, "Sure. How does a strap-on sound?"

"I don't need one." Bianca could almost see her frown.

"I meant for me, Liz."

"Hell no," Alisa rebuked, "I already told you; if I don't get in your ass, you aren't getting my snatch."

"Well..." Bianca smirked mischievously, "Maybe, if we fix this thing, we can try anal."

"R-really?" Alisa's voice jumped up in obvious excitement, earning a nervous giggle from Bianca. She knew how rough Alisa could be when excited by something, and few things roused the futa like the prospect of anal. Bianca had spurred her to life with such an offer more than once. Though she always backed out at the last second, always at the moment that Alisa pressed her cock to her tight little anus. Maybe it was time to stop being such a tease?

"Yeah, so get to work. If you work fast, maybe we can do it the moment I walk in. I'll even make sure I'm not wearing panties. I'll have my short skirt on too, then you just flip it up, rub some lube in, and fuck my tiny, virgin asshole... Hmm," Bianca moaned at the thought. It never used to arouse her. Anal always seemed so dirty and unpleasant, especially after she had tried fingering her anus once before, but now she couldn't get enough of the idea. Or was it just the thought of Alisa ploughing her with a now huge, from the sound of it, piece of rock hard cock meat?

"S-stop, Anca," Alisa's moan crackled in the receiver, drawing her girlfriend from her lustful faze, "I'm already on edge as is."

"Oh, right... sorry," Bianca snapped back to reality, though couldn't help but giggle.

"I'll, uh, get to work now. After a cold shower."

"Yeah... same," Bianca agreed.

"Love you, Anca."

"Love you too, Liz," Bianca said and hung up with a sigh. There was no chance in hell that she was going to be able to stop masturbating, not when her body felt so hot and needy that even anal was appealing. And yet she couldn't. Alisa never raised her voice unless necessary, or when she was cumming hard. This - whatever 'this' is - was real. Bianca stood and ground her teeth together, then strode over to her bag. She grabbed the thickest pairs of panties she could find and pulled them on. A moan very nearly escaped her grasp as she touched her wanton snatch.

They did the trick, however, as she pulled - tugged - her jeans on. She barely felt it through her two sets of heavy cotton underwear. The material was tight and thick enough to disallow her meaty thighs from rubbing against her privates. Now for the top, Bianca thought with apprehension. None of her shirts were thick, all of them designed to flaunt her seductive bust, not to conceal it. Which led to another, more prominent issue; her nipples.

Bianca usually had an inverted set with plump areolae. Ideal for walking around braless. Now, however, her twin peaks were stiff and jutted perversely from their homes. It certainly didn't help that they were originally disproportionately large compared to her breasts and had grown to maintain the trend, poking forth like twin towers. They'd tent any shirt she could find. And none of her bras would fit her.

"How big am I anyway?" Bianca wondered aloud and spied a measuring tape seated atop her bedside table, "Geez, Mum wasn't kidding about 'set up' was she?" Bianca grinned, recalling her teenage years. She had been a touch obsessed with her developing body at the time and couldn't resist keeping a log of her measurements as the years passed by, particularly since her body grew faster than most girls she knew. Stephanie must have thought she might like the memento.

Bianca brought up her notebook on her phone and typed in her old bra size; 34DD. She smirked at the screen over her much larger chest, knowing she had easily outgrown one of the most desired sizes in the world. Bianca then went about remeasuring herself, finding that her band size had remained the exact same. Not a single change, meaning all the growth was centred entirely in her tits. Bianca took a deep breath and released it, before wrapping the tape around her breasts at the widest point.

"Oh shit, 41 inches" she gasped as she quickly processed the numbers, "G? Holy crap, I'm a G!" Bianca dropped the tape and groped at her breasts, moaning at her rough touch, and took their sheer size and softness in. There was simply so much to see and feel now. Her hands refused to be stopped, and she didn't want to halt their efforts, encouraging them to tweak her long nipples and push her closer to the point of no return. Bianca cooed softly as one hand released and moved down across her still flat stomach. It came to an abrupt stop when her now tight jeans halted it.

"Fuck," Bianca gasped and wrenched her hands away. Her biggest worry was clearly not her pussy, but her far more auspicious breasts, "Great," she sighed.

"Bianca, Sweetheart?" Stephanie's voice sifted through the door with a short series of knocks.

"Just a moment," Bianca jumped and swiftly found a shirt to put on, but paused as another problem arose; what would her parents think of her sudden growth spurt? She shook her head and made herself presentable once more, then opened the door. Her mother did a once over, but didn't react beyond saying;

"Really, I wish you'd stop wearing such tight clothes. They'll cut off circulation."

"Uh, yeah. I was actually thinking about going shopping later," Bianca said, rolling with the strange situation. It should be impossible for someone to miss her new curves, especially her undaunted nipples, let alone show no reaction to them. Unless Alisa was right and this was a curse. Albeit an odd one to not put her in such an embarrassing position. Or maybe Stephanie was being kind by ignoring them. 

"Perfect!" Stephanie clapped her hands together, "That's what I was about to ask you, actually."

"What a coincidence," Bianca laughed, "Give me a minute and let's go."

"Sure, hon" Stephanie closed the door and headed back downstairs, apparently none the wiser as to Bianca's predicament or her earlier masturbation.

Alisa sat at her desk, hair wet and hands trapped under her thighs. She had just taken her third cold shower that day and already her cock stood erect, like it was mocking her attempts at subduing it. Bianca's brief stint of dirty talk hadn't helped in the slightest, having left Alisa on the cusp of giving in. Were it not for her knowledge of the situation, she would have lost control in a heartbeat. Even now she was incapable of stopping herself from thrusting her hips against mid-air.

Her prick was huge now, at least in comparison to her slim figure and what she once sported. Approximately eight inches of throbbing dick jutted from her crotch, twitching with every other beat of her heart, while her balls hung beneath it in an increasingly fuller sack. The size along was daunting, let alone what the size increase from her last measurement implied; her growth was tied to a percentage, one that was seemingly increasing with every orgasm. It had taken several climaxes to grow from her five-inch member to seven inches, but only one to gain an entire inch.

Alisa kept her eyes squarely on her monitor, where all the facts and theories she was aware of were written. There were too many variables for her liking. She knew she would grow with each orgasm, that much was guaranteed as far as she was aware. However, she couldn't tell how much she would grow, not without more data. A mix of desire and terror shuddered through her. There was only one to get such data.

"It... it needs to be done," Alisa told herself as she sat on her bed, sighing at the feeling of her soft linen sheets brushing against her scrotum. There was no other way to prove her theories. She would just have to keep in control and note down the changes in detail, "Okay... if we're talking ten percent, then I'll grow roughly 0.8 inches. I can work on it from there." She told herself and looked to her notebook, where her last measurements were written. She would cum, then measure herself and compare the data.

"Just a quick one," Alisa warned herself and wrapped a hand around her cock, gasping at the abrupt surge of sensation, "A quick one," she repeated under her breath and set about jerking her length as fast as she could, yet couldn't slowing and taking in how long it took her petite hand to traverse her length, and how tiny it seemed in proportion. Warmth churned in her nuts, flowing up to burn in her gut and spread across her extremities to urge her on. 

"I'd bet this'd split Anca open wide," she moaned as pre-cum began to pour from her tip, the flow far greater than ever before, "Her pussy would barely handle me now," Alisa rasped, seeing the image of Bianca's pussy being stretched to its absolute limit by her cock, then picturing the sight of her dick pulling out, tugging her lover's insides with it, covered in Bianca's copious juices. She tightened her grip and sped up. Her shaft was utterly coated in pre, allowing her to glide along its awe-inspiring length. Slick sounds and wanton moans filled the air as she worked herself closer to that peak.

A hand reached down, unbidden, to her lustful balls. Alisa moaned as she palmed her heavy sack, lightly groping it to urge her pre-cum to ooze from her tip, coat her fingers and slide across her sensitive scrotum. She bucked her hips against her hands, thrusting into the air, and moaned ecstatically. It almost felt as if she were in the throes of climax already, as her slimy pre-seed spurted from her cock to douse her in its viscous excretion. Pleasure refused to let her stop for even a second.

Her breaths grew heavier by the second. Alisa inhaled only so that she could moan once again, gasping and crying out as her hands worked in tandem to seek and tease her most erogenous zones. She could feel her pussy weep in sympathetic pleasure, causing her sheets to squelch wetly with each descent of her energetic hips, as her juices leaked between her tight ass cheeks to stream across her virgin rosebud. How did she think she could resist this? Pleasure dominated her heart, mind and soul, drowning all other thoughts. The world dimmed slightly as her eyes threatened to roll back.

"More... more..." Alisa moaned, only semi-conscious of what she was saying. Every rise and fall of her hand and hips sent shockwaves of bliss through her, each blast seeming to push her higher. Each ascent of her hand caused her prick to throb, her veins pulsating against her palms. The sensations hardly seemed to ebb anymore, endlessly flowing through her like a waterfall of carnal delight. Even if she weren't afflicted the ceaseless lust, Alisa wouldn't have lasted long under such duress. 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah... fuck!" Alisa cried out in climax. Her muscles all tensed simultaneously, locking her into place with her hips raised, back arched, head tilted back with her mouth agape and hands on either side of her body to stable her. Cum rocketed from her twitching cock. The initial blast was the strongest, it splattered against the ceiling and cascaded down upon her. Several thick globules landed into her mouth, spreading across her still tongue. When her opening spurt came to an end, a large patch of her once ocean-green roof was covered in viscous seed.

"Mm, fuck!" Alisa shouted once again as her second squirt raced forth, this time flying through the air to douse Bianca's bed. Her muscles unfroze themselves to allow her hips to buck and urge her blasts of potent seed to spray wildly. Without fail, spurt after spurt flew from her dick to saturate Bianca's side of the room. The seed quickly soaked into her bed sheets and pillows. Long ropes decorated the carpet and led back to the culprit, whose orgasm persisted on and on. Random globules of her semen stained various parts of the room.

"Finally..." Alisa panted once her cognitive functions returned. She didn't survey the damage of her climax, and instead grabbed her notebook, "Cum production exceeds expectations," she stated breathlessly, "Whatever this is... it must augment the prostate and testicles more than outward appearances." With that out of the way, she braced herself and looked down upon her still erect member. 

As she expected, it had grown. What surprised her, however, was that the growth wasn't nearly as substantial as she had thought it would be. Last time, she had gained roughly an entire inch, but she could tell that her growth was a great deal less than before, despite her being larger. Was it actually a set amount? Alisa frowned and located her measuring tape. She had marked herself as 7.7 inches last time, having gained a tenth of her size after her prior orgasm.

"And now?" Alisa wondered under her breath, uncertain if she was excited, frightened, or simply curious. She unrolled the tape, held it as steady to her insatiable mast as she could, and committed the number to memory; 8.1 inches. That was little more than half of what she had anticipated, "So it's five percent? That can't be right," she groaned and went over her notes.

Her former five inches had grown to seven inches after an Olympic masturbation event, and the later lapses in control. How often did she cum? Alisa pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed in frustration, but decided that she had climaxed at least six times yesterday, meaning she had been growing approximately 0.3 inches at a time. She had stopped herself from cumming for roughly sixteen hours afterwards, then came in the exam, causing her to grow ten percent of what she expected. That was half an hour ago, whereas her recent orgasm was barely more than five percent.

"Shit," Alisa flopped onto her side, letting her notebook tumble to the floor, with a heavy exhale. This was insane. None of this made any sense, even if she had let her speculations get out of hand with the whole 'curse' angle. Who would even curse her and Bianca? Alisa was a borderline introvert and Bianca didn't have a mean bone in her body. Not in the four months Alisa had known her at least. Neither of them particularly excelled in academics or sports, though Bianca was possibly the hottest girl on campus. Was it jealousy?

Bianca grimaced as she walked through the aisles of underwear. Panties weren't an issue as far as practicality was concerned, however sexiness was a tricky thing to come by, especially since she had no doubt that she would need some with serious elasticity. Just in case. The primary concern facing her at that moment, were the bras. She winced at the sizes, none of which were even close to what she needed, cursing whatever it was that was afflicting her. If it could alter other people's perceptions and/or memories of her, why couldn't it make her clothes all fit?

"Excuse me?" Bianca approached a store hand, a pretty, young redhead who seemed to be checking stock, checking things off on a clipboard, "Um, do you have any bras in 34G?" The assistant turned to her then, eyebrows arching in blatant surprise.

"Oh, uh... I'm not sure. Would you like me to check?" The redhead inquired, clearly flustered in the face of such a curvaceous beauty. Bianca rarely thought of herself as beautiful, but she could understand the assistant's reaction at seeing her relatively trim frame and immense bust.

"Yes please."

The redhead returned almost ten minutes later with a small pile of brassieres heaped on her arm and a flushed look on her face, "Um, this is everything we have in your size, ma'am. There's not much, sorry."

"No worries, better than nothing," Bianca said, taking the small cluster of underwear from her, with a teasing wink. The redhead's cheeks turned the same shade as her hair, enticing Bianca to straighten her back and study a bra, while pressing her breasts outward. Her nipples poked through her shirt like twin beacons, drawing the assistant's eye, though she didn't question their size or their erect state. Bianca wondered how far this 'curse' or whatever would go? Would anyone even bat an eye if she stripped naked?

The temptation was there, however she cowed it under her and Alisa's concerns. Bianca relaxed her posture and lowered the bras, facing the daunted redhead.
