 Alisa whimpered as she set herself into the icy water, which quickly eclipsed her sternum and sent chilly shudders down her spine. Her nipples were like bullets, conversely her cock shrivelled in the face of such cold, its erection flagging rapidly as it returned to a normal size. Though that standard had changed greatly for Alisa after her most recent orgasm, allowing her to flaunt almost four inches regardless of her arousal. But this only led to other problems, such as her clothes.

For the time being, she had no issue unless she got an erection. However, that left little room for the future, as she knew, intimately so, that she wouldn't be able to keep from cumming forever. Certainly not after Bianca returned. And especially since Bianca, herself, would be far more endowed. A shuddering groan of despair escaped Alisa's quaking lips.

She extracted herself from the bath and wrapped a towel around her torso. Her pursed lips kept a gasp from slipping out as the fabric met her erect nipples, though she couldn't deny the relief she felt at having something warm around her chilly body. A freezing bath was her only method of defence against her desires, or rather, it was the only method that wouldn't defeat the purpose. Alisa could already feel that phantom warmth of lust swelling in her gut once again. How long would she last this time? An hour? A minute?

Every time she forced her desire to retreat, it only came back stronger. Alisa glanced down at herself, envisioning her body past the towel, and wondered if her control would last longer if she gave herself some relief. Just a quick one. Nothing more. Just one.

"Stop that!" Alisa snapped at herself, speaking aloud for fear that her lust would drown out the thought. It had been happening more often, ever since she masturbated again - for research purposes, she reminded herself - that her arousal seemed to have its own voice. And knew how to use it too. It felt like a seductress was at her side, whispering sweet nothings in her ear.

How could she ignore something in her own mind? Alisa pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed, pushing her worries aside in favour of focusing on the low grumble in her stomach. The sun had begun to set outside, and she hadn't eaten much throughout the day, forbidding herself from moving since her genitals would rub against her clothes and send chilling, yet simultaneously blazing, waves through her. Her stomach rumbled voraciously at the thought of food and led her way to the kitchen.

All thoughts of arousal dissipated as she settled into a familiar routine of cooking. Her parents, at their insistence of a pristine lifestyle, had refused to cook properly, opting for cleanly made microwave meals. Alisa then spent as much time as she could learning how to cook, earning several cuts in the process. Unfortunately, student life didn't lend itself to using energy for anything beyond sleeping, studying and eating. Prepping food simply required too much time, even for the quick meals.

As such, Alisa relished the chance to cook from scratch. The focus it required to avoid cutting herself, making sure the onions didn't burn, adding seasoning as her palate dictated, left no room for her desires to surface. Or so she had thought.

A subtle moan slipped from her lips, but went unnoticed in her concentration. As did the fact that she was constantly brushing her crotch against the counter, rubbing harder as a prominent bulge swelled to life. Alisa stirred the curry, eying it carefully for any inconsistencies, then took a short sip. She sighed from what she thought to be the taste, even as she ground her groin against the wooden counter. The sensations eventually subsumed her focus, drawing it away from her hobby and to her own lustful delight.

"Hmm... Shit!" Alisa shouted, startled, as her hand slipped, just slightly, and brushed against the hot saucepan in which her curry bubbled. Her arousal immediately flitted away as she ran her hand under cold water. It wasn't a bad burn in comparison to what could have been and only stung. Still, she clenched her jaw to keep from sounding pathetic as she tended to her injury. She shut off the heat to the stove, letting her curry and rice rest, while she wrapped her left hand up.

No reason for a burn to ruin a meal, Alisa told herself, as she had many times before. She managed to serve herself the simple meal. Simple, but delicious she thought with a slight smile and settled in for her dinner. Plenty remained, as such she carefully sealed it for tomorrow. Bianca enjoyed a home cooked meal as much as she did, even if it was reheated. When her stomach was sated and her mind lethargic from the large dinner, Alisa sat on her bed and idly wondered about the growth afflicting her. More so, she couldn't help but strip down and look at what it had done to her.

Alisa had been happy with her size beforehand. It was easy for her to masturbate with, something she doubted most guys considered when they wished for bigger dicks, and hardly a burden to conceal. Not to mention that, despite what it was, her cock matched her petite figure and even fit in to an extent. Her member had been smooth and almost feminine to her eye.

And now it was a huge monster dangling halfway down her thighs without a hint of erection. Veins riddled its surface, also, like a maze of thick lines that led to her tip. They weren't quite ostentatious in her current state, but Alisa doubted she would forget how they felt pounding against her fingers, and it was impossible to miss them regardless of what state she was in. As was the purple head peeking out from her uncircumcised foreskin. Was it always so thick and bulbous? She wondered.

"This stuff is crazy," Alisa bemoaned and rubbed at the temples of her head, yet didn't look away from her now more than respectable member. A small surge of pride brought a smile to her lips, as she thought of how many guys would be jealous of her endowment, and how excited Bianca would be just by looking at her. But she knew Bianca, while kind and loving and a true delight in bed, enjoyed the 'finer'... cocks in life.

Maybe just another inch would be fine? Just one more orgasm. That's all she would need. Alisa gulped and tried to push the thoughts back to the corner of her psyche, but the warmth and satisfaction of her meal still radiated from her gut, allowing her desires free reign. Almost. The fear of what might happen if she gave in stifled their crusade, yet it was a losing battle. Fear couldn't overwhelm lust.

"I shouldn't," Alisa whispered, but licked her lips slowly, in exactly the way that she had seen Bianca do when she was horny. She could see her lover so clearly in her mind's eye, flaunting her now huge breasts and ass, groping them as she spread her legs to show how wet she was, "Bianca," Alisa moaned in her growing lustful stupor.

If she didn't stop, then would she ever? Could she stop herself later? Alisa's brow furrowed deeply as her own mind waged a three-sided war against itself. One side searched desperately for a reason to justify her inevitable masturbation, another tried to reason with the others to stop this madness, and another pleaded to give in. Her voice of reason turned to a harsh whisper as her hand, unconsciously, wrapped around her flaccid shaft. A pulse went through her length in response, as if overjoyed to be held.

"I did say I'd send her a video," Alisa mumbled under her breath. She glanced to her side and saw her phone there, untouched for hours to avoid temptation. Bianca's pics were still there, the first concrete proof that they were growing. Warmth rapidly spread across her body at the memory of seeing her girlfriend's breasts, once large and perky, grow to sizes most women dreaded and most men craved. And she could grow even bigger, Alisa reminded herself with a stifled moan.

Even before this 'curse' took hold, Alisa rarely denied her lusts. She had taken pride in being able to balance her schoolwork, relationship and self-love. Now, however, she could barely focus on keeping her hands away from her own body. Let alone think straight, much less study. The memory of the mock exam flashed through her mind, how her desires had manifested themselves in her answers. If she denied them for much longer, would that happen again? Would she even be able to leave the dorm room?

Alisa knew she would have to. She would need to greet Bianca tomorrow, get her mail, go grocery shopping, and go to classes. While they were all easily solved with a few phone calls, Alisa couldn't stand the idea of being a shut-in. Especially if her cock was the reason for it. Her member never ruled her life before, and it wouldn't now. She bit her lip and grabbed her phone. Compromise was important in any scenario.

She would sate her desires, if only slightly, and gain her life in return. Alisa bit her lip as she one-handedly opened the camera and set it to record. She set it down, such that it would capture her lower body and see her member rise to its full glory, dwarfing her delicate hand. Her svelte frame juxtaposed her cock, which now visibly throbbed with desire and wept pre-cum. The slick fluid quickly ran down its shaft and met Alisa's hand. A full-bodied shudder passed through her body.

For a moment, she hesitated. But only a moment, for her desire's whims would not be denied. Her fingers tightened slightly as she stroked along her length, causing her breath to hitch in pleasure, and brought her spare hand to her breast. The soft flesh depressed under her fingers as she groped herself, palming her tender mound and pinching its tip between her thumb and forefinger. Pleasure blasted through her like lightning.

Only a few minutes later and Alisa couldn't suppress her moans. Her eyes lulled shut, head leaning back into her pillows, and her lips parted with hungry murmurs. The sensation of her hand traversing eight inches, nearly double her former length, was intoxicating somehow. Was it a sense of power? The curse?

Regardless of what urged her to sustain such pleasure, Alisa quickly slid into its embrace. Pre-cum flowed in viscous streams now, dousing her shaft and hand and encouraging her to hasten her strokes. Her throat tensed each time she crested at the tip, brushing against the sensitive ridge of her bulbous head. Alisa cracked an eye open to watch her hand move, almost of its own accord, jerking and squeezing her prick, urging still greater amounts of her pre to gush from its slit. She must've produced more than any man could hope to. And she wasn't even cumming!

The image of how she had doused Bianca's bed and the carpet enveloped her mind. How much would she cum this time? Her balls tensed in response and a tension settled in her core, coiling tighter until she thought she couldn't bear it, then grew tighter still. Drool ran down the sides of her mouth and down her cheeks, then her neck to her breasts. She couldn't close her mouth as the pleasure stole every ounce of strength she possessed, pouring it all into her masturbation.

Her hips bucked with each descent of her hand. For how slick with pre-cum it was, her body didn't care that it was a hand, and instead treated it like a pussy riding her throbbing pillar. Desperate groans vibrated in her throat, each rising with intensity the more her body fell into ecstasy. Her fingers accidentally brushed her frenulum and corona of her cock, sending a blaze of pleasure scorching across her nerves. Any thought she might have had of ending this ceased to be as she caved in to her desires.

Alisa's imagination went wild as she approached the crest of her ever-burgeoning bliss. Her fears unravelled before her mind's eye, of herself cumming perpetually and with abandon until her cock was bigger than her entire body, or of Bianca pinned to the floor beside her atop a set of tits easily the size of a small car, or of herself spearing Bianca, mammoth boobs and all, on a cock that outmatched both of their masses combined. Her final thought was of Bianca's gut swelling with nothing but cum.

That set her off. Alisa's throat tensed, her veins standing out in sharp contrast to her slender neck, as she screamed her ecstasy to all who could hear. Semen volleyed from her cock, untouched by her clenching fist around her shaft, arching high in the air and falling with heavy splatters. Viscous puddles quickly coated Alisa's body, bed and wall as her body spasmed with each release.

A second sensation burned just below the waves of her orgasm, augmenting the pleasure even as it went ignored. Alisa's hand went slack around her member and fell to her increasingly cum soaked sheets, while her hips continued to buck mindlessly. Unseen in her climax ridden existence, Alisa's cock began to visibly grow, slowly yet undeniably surely.

Her phone was knocked down by a stray burst of semen, shutting off the recording. Alisa's cock bobbed wildly as her body jerked sporadically with each spurt, only now starting to weaken after near two minutes of relentlessly orgasm. Her throat tensed, yet couldn't force a sound past the stranglehold of her ecstasy, a perfect barricade of absolute adoration for her own sensations. Little more than harsh breaths escaped through the minute cracks in her pleasure.

When her orgasm inevitably dwindled to a slight stream, Alisa felt the weight of her weakness fall on her.

"Oh, fuck," she groaned and, ignorant to the sheer amount of ejaculate clinging to her flesh, brought her hands to her face. She had given in so easily, worse, she had done so after thinking about what could be if she gave in again, and again. Alisa pinched her forearm, breaking her train of thought. A sigh escaped her lips, which twisted into a grimace as she sat up and felt how drenched her bed had become. Was it honestly worth cleaning up after herself anymore? It'd just get messy again, she thought with a glance to Bianca's still uncleaned bed.

"Bianca would probably like it," Alisa thought aloud with a small grin and laid a hand on her bed, feeling it squelch under her meagre weight. She shook her head and lightly jumped to her feet, sending her semi-erect cock flopping about, then rushed off to put the sheets in the hamper. Her effects came to a stop when she realised that her semen had probably soaked into the mattresses. If she did nothing, then their room would end up smelling of her cum.

Anyone could walk in and be bombarded by the odour of sex. And would Bianca be any different when she returned? She was probably having just as much trouble as, if not more than, Alisa. They'd probably try not to fuck, knowing what mayhem that could cause with their new growth, but would they stop masturbating. No, Alisa reluctantly admitted to herself. She could resist for maybe two days and Bianca was likely the same. And Alisa had no idea if their libidos were being affected.

For all she knew, for all the universe could know, the more they grew the more uncontrollable their bodies would become. Alisa ignored the cum that covered her body and wrapped her arms around herself, biting back her fears. She wanted Bianca there beside her, so that her lover could hold her and tell her everything would be okay, that they would figure it out, that it didn't matter what happened, they were together. But she couldn't do that. Not until tomorrow. Bianca deserved her time with her family, even if it was spent trying not to touch herself.

But still... Alisa glanced to her phone, doused in her seed. A call or text would be all she needed and Bianca would come running back, maybe literally.

"Hurry home, Anca," Alisa whispered and dug her nails into her arms as her mind, once again, betrayed her and slipped into decadent thoughts of her girlfriend. Despite the pain, her cock swelled, rising to its new splendour, as her arousal set her heart racing and her skin ablaze. She couldn't help but run her tongue over her lips, where she found a stray drop of her semen. The filth of tasting her own sperm sent an unwelcome surge of warmth through her.

Maybe one more wouldn't hurt?

Bianca gripped her legs tighter as she sat in front of the television. She was in her parent's living room sat with her knees against her chest on the comfy chair, while her mum and dad cuddled on the couch, watching the copious gore and gratuitous violence play out before them. Bianca had chosen the single most horrifying gore-fest of a movie that she knew of, hoping that it would distract her from any sexual thought. Unfortunately, she had forgotten how, without the blood, it was as dull as could be.

Now she could barely stop her mind from wandering. Ordinarily, that wouldn't be an issue, but with how persistent her libido had become her mind was powerless to deny itself that simple pleasure, though it was far from 'simple'. Just the mere thought of Alisa was akin to dousing a fire in gasoline, not that her constantly envisioning her lover naked and holding a cock that put horses to shame made it any easier. It was a miracle that she managed to keep from outwardly showing such thoughts.

She, instead, turned her mind to something else. A secret she had kept from everyone, Alisa included, for both embarrassment and fear of what her girlfriend would feel. Bianca knew her partner was far from innocent, having been quite forward in showing what she was into. And Bianca loved her for it, but couldn't return the favour. Not fully.

How could she, when her biggest fetish was looking at cocks well beyond anything humanity could possess? And her biggest fantasy was to be penetrated by one such cock. Alisa's words - that they were growing with every orgasm - echoed in her mind, as did the desire to tell her to cum and cum and cum. Her jaw ached in sympathy toward the memory of how she had restrained herself. Alisa could never know, Bianca told herself. There'd be no telling how far she would go.

Bianca sank her nails into her arms. Her breath hitched in her throat, but her parents didn't notice to her fortune, as pain replaced the visage of Alisa growing rapidly. However, it did nothing to change the fact that, if she asked her to, Alisa would gladly grow bigger. All for Bianca's sake.

Her phone vibrated in her pocket and made her jump from her inner turmoil. Bianca smiled at herself and shook her head, knowing it was futile to worry about such things. Alisa wasn't a helpless, love-struck guy who'd go to hell and back just to please her. She was smart and logical and wilful, not one to give into desire or pressure. Unless they became an insurmountable weight.

Bianca pulled out of her phone to see a text from Alisa, one with a video attached. Did she make a break-through? Bianca wondered and tuned out the movie, even as characters were maimed horribly, turning all her attention down to her phone. Alisa's text read; 'don't look at the video!'. Bianca shrugged, assuming that her lover had done something embarrassing. She grinned and replied, 'nice try', then opened the video. Regret instantly registered, as did a vast array of cracks in her self-control.

She glanced up to her parents, who were self-confessed horror fanatics and had their eyes glued to the bloodbath on screen. Bianca's eyes darted back to her phone, as if unable to be away from the sight for longer than a second. Her right hand slid away from her arm and down her body, finding her crotch. A second glimpse of her parents confirmed that they were still enamoured by the movie. Bianca bit her bottom lip.

It would be so simple just to run upstairs and jump into a cold shower. Then she wouldn't have to worry Alisa. But it would just as simple, if not simpler, to stay here and covertly masturbate to the sight of her lover jerking a cock far bigger than Bianca recalled. Aside from confirming that the 'curse' was real in her mind, Bianca once again felt her pussy burn at the thought of what it could be.
