 Alisa growled in frustration when her typing came to another halt. Her hands remained clenched into fists, shaking from the strain on her willpower. For every sentence she managed to write without interruption, her mind would stray to the egregious shape that tented her cobalt jeans. It throbbed and jerked erratically, pining for intimate attention. Regardless of her attempts at restraining her unmissable member.

There were only so many cold showers she could take, and pain did nothing anymore. A part of her wondered if her nerves were adapting to the discomfort, turning it into pleasure. Her pants didn't seem capable of holding her new size, visibly straining to contain it. Her shirt also had a pair of stiff peaks lifting the fabric. The chair beneath her was slick with her emissions, while her panties were utterly drenched.

"This shouldn't be so fucking hard," Alisa grumbled, glancing down at her groin, "And now I'm making stupid puns." Her once petite member throbbed in response and she felt a slither of warmth streak down her length. Every passing second made it harder to stay focused. She ran her eyes over the screen, absorbing and re-absorbing her words to continue. To no avail.

Bianca would be coming home that day. Another could of hours at the most, yet Alisa hadn't made any progress in controlling their growth, let alone reversing it. Did she want to, though? Alisa's eyes lulled away from her document and fell on her groin once more, this time taking in the sheer mass attached to her lithe body. It was so much bigger than before, and intensely more pleasurable. She thought that larger organs meant her nerve endings would be spread thinner. That was not the case.

Her hand, unconsciously, strayed toward her cock. Yesterday's, and the day's before, sensations called to her. A siren's song that none could resist. No one, other than Alisa. The teen snapped her arms back to the keyboard in front of her and typed furiously, writing anything that might be of use later. So long as she kept herself busy, then she wouldn't give in.

That's her plan, at least. Though Alisa knew it wouldn't hold forever. Her fingers constantly darted to the backspace key, erasing whole lines of her pent-up desire. Would there be any stopping herself when Bianca came back? She'd be even curvier than before, a possibility that Alisa had barely even dreamed of. How soft would she be? How big? How sexy?

"Oh god," Alisa breathed, hips grinding against the air. How would she control herself around Bianca? The cold baths and showers only did so much, and that said nothing about Bianca's own libido. The curvaceous girl was insatiable on most days, if she was dealing with the same feelings as Alisa, then she'd be a nymphomaniac upon her return. A wave of want threatened to crush Alisa at the images flitting through her head.

They were indominable. She paused her typing, cutting off a sentence about how she wanted to fuck Bianca senseless, and her hands slid down to her jeans. In her mind, her lover slowly stripped. Her clothes were so small and tight around her curves that it was almost unnecessary. Bianca's nipples came into view, each as big as Alisa's cock was two days ago. They throbbed and bounced with her sauntering walk, begging to be sucked. But they paled against the salivating lips between her delicious thighs.

Alisa moaned as her hand stroked her meat. Her eyes remained shut, locked into her imagination. Deft fingers traced every turgid vein along her shaft, then wrapped around the bulbous head in a silky caress, briefly brushing against her spewing tip. Moans slithered through the still air, circling around to slip into Alisa's ears and make her fantasy all the more vivid.

Her imagined lover had squatted down. She had her legs spread wide, affording an easy view of the waterfall of her juices. Bianca's hands moved down her outrageous figure, one staying to jerk her cock-like nipple, while the other soon thrust into her eager snatch. The massive breasts bounced and jiggled with her increasingly ragged breaths, while her hips bucked and swirled, as if begging for a dick. A big, hard, cum cannon to penetrate and fill her.

"I can help," Alisa whispered aloud, licking her lips. Pre-cum coated her hands and cock now, allowing her to slide wetly up and down its length. She slid her prick deep into her fantasy, Bianca's insides all too vivid in her memory. They undulated around her in perfect waves, urging her pre to flow voraciously, "Let me cum inside, Anca. I don't care if it's not safe."

"Go ahead," her imagination submitted, "Fill me your babies. Make me a mommy."

That was too much. Alisa's eyes burst open and her hands clamped around her dick, which swelled and pulsated wildly. A deluge of whiteness sprayed forth and splattered against her desk, hitting it with enough force to bounce her keyboard and mouse. The screen shook as another, more powerful, blast rocked the table. Alisa leaned back, freeing her cock from beneath the furniture. Her next release coated her monitor in thick, fertile seed.

Her balls contracted with each explosion. Cum raced up her impressive length like a bullet through the chamber, shooting sporadically at everything in front of her. Alisa watched it all through half-lidded, disbelieving eyes. The blazing sensation of her seed rising up her shaft was addictive, as was the sight of so much of her jizz defiling her workstation. There had to be enough to fill a jug, if not more.

A stray rope found itself plastered against her wall. Another threatened to topple her screen. Several others had taken to splattering everything they could. Alisa's jeans were coated in the backsplash, with small drops of it landing on her belly and idly pumping hands. When the last of her orgasm dribbled out onto her fingers, she brought them to her face and spread them wide.

Webs of cum connected each digit. Thick droplets lazily descended the lengths, easily as dense as curdled milk. Alisa licked her lips, eyes following one as it grazed across her palm, before her tongue caught it. The flavour washed over her. It was richer than before, yet somehow still mild, encouraging her to sample more of it. One by one, Alisa sucked her fingers clean. She moaned softly with every renewed wave of that addictively wicked taste.

Her cock reclaimed her attention as a surge of heat permeated her crotch. Alisa looked down, though she didn't remove her current finger from her lips, absentmindedly licking it clean. Without fail, the majesty of her member reached further and further. She had staved off the urge to masturbate yesterday evening and most of that morning, until this lapse in discipline. As she had theorised, the growth was far more noticeable than before.

"I-I..." Alisa was practically at a loss for words as she stayed down at the monster. She had given it such a title before, comparing it to her body. Now, no matter whose body it was attached to, her cock truly was a monster of its kind, "I need to measure it. Gather data." She grabbed a nearby tape measure, placed there after her last measurement. Like most of her desk items, it was doused in cum. Alisa ignored the viscous layer and appraised her dick.

"Eleven inches?" Alisa gasped when she took its length, barely over her shock at its girth, which her petite hand couldn't fully grasp anymore. She knew Bianca preferred bigger dicks, but this might be too much even for a size queen. But that wouldn't stop her from trying, Alisa knew. If anything, it'd make her even more excited.

Her once flagging erection responded to her thoughts and returned to its glory, eager to grow again. Alisa grimaced at the sight and went to take another cold bath out of frustration. Her dauntless member bobbed with her steps, occasionally smacking into her balls. They were no less impressively insane, each as big as golf balls.

"There has to be a way to stop it," Alisa stated as she slid into the bathtub, shuddering when the cold water began to flow. Resolutely, her cock remained hard as stone, standing up almost perpendicular to her abdomen. Specks of cum decorated its surface, while a bead of pre-cum drooled from its peak. She couldn't deny that it was a remarkable sight to behold, though one that most women would retreat from.

Alisa knew she could never take something of this size. It'd tear her cute little cunny asunder long before it even bottomed out. Bianca could probably handle it, she thought with a small grin, then shook the thoughts loose when her prick pulsed in longing. Just sitting around was bad enough, but thinking about her hot, unapologetically exuberant, insatiable girlfriend's lust inducing body... Alisa sighed when the water finally met her scrotum and chased away her arousal.

"Anca," Alisa breathed, staring at the tiled wall opposite her, "Please tell me you're having better luck than me?"

Bianca bit deep into her pillow as her fingers were seized by her pussy once more. Yesterday had gone well enough, as she had resisted the urges bombarding her mind and body. But she woke up a few hours ago consumed in fire. Or that was how it felt. Her pussy had turned her layers of panties into a sopping mess, soaking into her sheets and enveloping her in the musky aroma of her desire. There was no internal war with herself. She simply began to finger herself to a series of blissful, pent-up climaxes.

Finally, she relaxed. Bianca panted with her head turned to the side, cheeks deeply flushed and a line of drool running down her face. Her ass stood high in the air, drenched underwear halfway down her thighs. Strings of her copious juices hung between her legs. Her hand fell free from her sloppy snatch, taking ropes of the same thick emissions with it. Waves of satisfaction ebbed and flowed with every heartbeat.

Her legs eventually gave out and she toppled onto her side. A smirk lifted her lips at the wet squelch of her leftover fluids, reminding her of just how messy she could be. Alisa wasn't the sole reason their sheets constantly needed replacing. The thought of her lover brought Bianca back to full consciousness. She bolted upright and gasped at the slap of her much heavier breasts against one another.

"Oh no," Bianca groaned, burying her face in her hands as if to hide from the invisible judgemental eyes of her girlfriend, and to try and ignore the sense of awe she felt at the sight beneath her. She was always well endowed ever since middle school, when puberty truly took off. Having a pair of DD cups made relationships easy to come by, though not as easy to keep. Most of those she dated, guys and girls alike, always revealed themselves for the shallow lovers they were.

Alisa, on the other hand, made no effort to hide that she loved Bianca's body. Bianca knew her figure was what essentially began their relationship, though it was by no means the glue that held them together. That was a mixture of the sex and the fact that they genuinely got along, despite appearing to be polar opposites. Though the difference between herself and Alisa made the dickgirl even more enticing.

Now their physical diversity would be vastly more prominent. Alisa was a slim and cute girl, sporting only a slight bump to her chest and a gentle curve to her rear. Before this 'curse', Bianca shamed her with a rump that bounced and swayed and made her walk like a seductress without any effort, while also sporting a chest that overflowed in her hands. And now she looked like a pornstar that took their surgeries much too far.

Except her curves somehow looked natural. Bianca carefully swung her legs over and stood up, her always large assets jiggling softly with her movement, then properly took in what her lapse in self-control had led to. Were it not for Alisa's worry, Bianca would've been almost happy at the sight of herself. She didn't like to admit it, even in her own mind, but she adored unrealistically huge tits.

Bianca brought her hands to her breasts. Her palms barely covered her areolae and inverted nipples, the size of which she could only guess, while her flesh seemed to squeeze through her fingers like gelatine. A G, that's what she had last measured herself as. They had seemed enormous then, but now she had left that notion behind. J or even K cups now, Bianca estimated as she luxuriated in the heft of her boobs. Maybe even bigger.

They were still as perky as ever. The full, teardrop shape was the same as ever, merely much, much larger. Her lower swells curved out from her upper torso, dominating her slender waist, which would only be visible from behind or if she wore a heavy-duty bra. Not that she had one that could hope to fit her now. 

Bianca released her breasts and let them fall perfectly into place. Her nipples rested nearly a foot from her body, refusing to dip despite the new weight. No stretch marks sullied her skin, not even a sense of tightness. It was as if she had been gradually growing these monuments to fertility since she was born, rather than the near spontaneous expansion of the past few days. Yet, for all their growth, her belly remained untouched.

The same could not be said for her hips. Bianca let her hands roam across the vast expanse of her bosom, down over her flat stomach, to perch atop her abundant hips. If her breasts didn't eclipse her waist, then she would possess an hourglass figure most only dream of. Unlike her unaffected middle, Bianca's thighs had thickened enough to close the gap, but not enough to chafe.

"Any other time and I'd be dancing," Bianca chuckled under her breath, twisting her body around to peer at the shelf of her ass. It, like her breasts, was still as perky as ever despite its magnitude. She bounced in place and watched her flesh ripple. An all too familiar ache between her thighs returned, one that was far from welcome.

"Bianca! Honey! Are you awake yet?!" Her mother's voice chased away the warm ache, though Bianca knew it was merely lurking for another chance to strike.

"Yeah, I am!" Bianca shouted back, finding her shirt and tugging it over her ostentatious chest. The fabric was forced to stretch, pulled taut against their sheer size, and failed to properly cover her stomach. It's better than nothing, she decided and wriggled into a pair of sweatpants. They could've passed for yoga pants for how snug they were around her sides. She brushed through her hair, taming the wild mess that was born from her earlier lapse in control.

When she was presentable, and her libido receded to just an ember, Bianca descended downstairs to eat breakfast. Her thoughts were calm, as much as they could be given her 'condition', and she managed to have a normal meal with her parents. They didn't mention how she had grown, or that her shirt was too small. If she didn't keenly remember her life up to that point, Bianca might've believed that she was born with curves that made pornstars jealous. 

"Excited to see your girlfriend?" Stephanie inquired with a knowing gleam in her eye.

"Totally," Bianca smirked and winked, though she doubted there'd be any sexy fun when she got back. Not until they figured out how to tame this growth curse, or whatever it was. It'd be great just to be with Alisa again, to comfort her and hold her and size up that new dick of hers. Bianca started at the stealthy thought and dug into her bowl of cereal, scarfing it down like it would bury her desires.

"Any thoughts about what you're gonna do after college yet?" Her father asked, setting down his newspaper with a disparaged sigh. Bianca glanced at it and caught of glimpse of a heading 'mass layoffs ahead'. A pang of worry removed her lusts for the time being, noticing that her dad had a few extra grey hairs than she remembered.

"Nothing yet," Bianca admitted, "Maybe something in advertisement? Put this body to work, you know?"

"Well, don't take too long," he cautioned her, "Before you know it, there'll be no jobs left."

"Harold," Stephanie scowled at him, "Let her be a kid for now."

"You're right," Harold sighed, "You're right. Enjoy yourself while you can, Bianca. Being an adult sucks."

"I'm nineteen, guys," Bianca rolled her eyes, "That's practically an adult."

"Can you drink?" Harold quipped.

"No."

"Then you're still a baby as far as I'm concerned," he huffed, but smiled good naturedly. Bianca, again, rolled her eyes and returned to her breakfast. His words remained with her, though, about the lack of jobs. When college was over, would she even be able to live a good life? Adulthood meant stressing about everything, that's what it seemed like. Joys were spread few and far between. But that's life, Bianca told herself, just have to make the best of it, since there's no escape.

Except maybe one thanks to this curse. She let her mind wander, meandering through her thoughts until it came across a memory from a few years ago, when she was just discovering her admiration for larger than life endowments. Bianca had found a picture that embodied that term. Breasts bigger than a tank, their wielder completely immobile, but absolutely ecstatic. What could real life do if she completely threw it aside like that?

But what would Alisa think? Bianca knew she had plans for her life, to be the next big scientist, the one that discovered a cure for cancer or a way to make the obese into Olympic athletes. Was there a guarantee that her life would go in that direction? Bianca stared down at her cumbersome bust, imagining it ballooning out until it had her trapped in one place, helpless. Bianca pulled out her phone and tapped quickly.

What would you think if my boobs were bigger than my body?

Her thumb hovered over the send button. If Alisa thought it was hot, then what was there to keep Bianca from indulging in this 'curse'? She knew herself well enough that she would go through with it. If she did, then one of her fantasies would be fulfilled, on top of rejecting the stress that normal life brought. Bianca's thighs clenched together when a burning ache flared to life within her. Without any worldly concerns like money or housing, she could cum as much as she wanted. No more maddening bouts of lust, or strait-jacket worthy levels of restraint.

"Are you finished, Sweetie?" Stephanie's voice brought Bianca from her mind with a jump, her thumb hitting the send button.

"Uh, yeah. Yeah, I am," Bianca recovered, handing her mother the half-full bowl, "I'll go get ready." On her way up the stairs, her breasts bounced wildly under her barely adequate shirt. They almost slipped free several times. How would it feel if they were bigger? Bianca scowled and pinched her arm, the pain dimming her budding arousal. If Alisa didn't stop this, then Bianca doubted she could reign in herself for much longer.

Although, she thought as she sifted through her now too small clothes, Alisa might have it worse. Bianca could barely imagine the hell her lover was going through, considering her libido could even outweigh Bianca's own on occasion. The massively busty teen tightened her jaw at the memory of those times, though it did nothing to remove them. Her body burned under her clothes, begging for another release. Rather, it was begging for Alisa to give it that release.

Bianca finally found a shirt that was once a few sizes too large. It managed to come down to the top of her broad hips, though the material did nothing to hide her burgeoning nipples. If they became erect, something that seemed inevitable given her state of mind, then there'd be no missing them. Everyone would stare at her.

They'll do it anyway, she reminded herself when she tossed her new bras into her bag. Huge was the only way to describe her tits now, and her ass would turn any heads that somehow managed to miss them. Bianca managed to force a pair of shorts over her curves, though she couldn't button them up from the strain. She decided not to bother, since she only needed them until she got back to her dorm room.
