 Bianca shook her head clear of the vision playing out in her mind. Alisa wouldn't be asleep, not at a time like this. She'd be working to try and solve this, make a scientific solution to what seemed like magic. The cursed teen took a long, soothing breath to quell her racing heart. If they could find that gypsy, then they could fix everything. She was certain of it, though not if she wanted to. For now, she had to tell Alisa.

That was the priority. Once Alisa knew, they could search for the gypsy. If nothing else, Alisa could probably figure something out with the information. Bianca smiled softly to herself. She didn't have to tell her right away. They could at least relax a bit and... her smile waned. That wouldn't happen, not when just being in the same building as Alisa made her pussy burn. Still, she kept her thoughts optimistic as she stepped from the elevator.

Bianca ignored the eyes that followed her down the hallway. While reality may have been altered to lead everyone to believe that she was always this curvy, that barely dampened the effect her body had, even on the female populace. There was only one girl whose opinion mattered to Bianca, though, and she was waiting in their dorm room. She came to a stop in front of their door and took a deep breath, straining her shirt.

"Keep in control," Bianca whispered to herself and repeated it like a mantra, "If Liz can do it, so can you." Doubt quivered in her voice, however, plainly audible to her own ears. She steeled herself, tightening one hand into a white-knuckled fist, then opened the door.

Scent registered first and foremost. Bianca almost stepped back at the sudden wave that met her, a blast of an aroma that she recognised all too well. It had dominated most of her nights for the past few months, a heady scent that was almost nostalgic to her. She paused with the door partially open and let herself inhale, sighing in release. It was certainly familiar, yet she couldn't wholly recognise it through the sheer potency that assailed her sinuses.

Bianca took a deeper breath and tried to figure out what this smell was. It was so strong that she could taste it on her tongue, even feel it in her body. The cursed brunette bit her bottom lip, restraining a groan as her lower body heated up, an ache building within her crotch. She recognised the odour now, as did her biology.

"Alisa," Bianca breathed, frowning as she opened the door further to see her bed was dishevelled and clearly dirty, but not in the traditional sense. She gulped, the small act somehow erotic as a distinct taste danced across her tongue, brought on by the sheer scale of the musk permeating the room and leaking into the hall. A strange cross between a gag and moan brought her attention to the left.

Bianca's neighbour was unlocking her door, easily within radius of the keenly sensual musk. She glanced at her, arching an eyebrow and curling her lip.

"What is that?" She demanded, clearly unable to decide whether she liked the smell or were disgusted by it.

"Nothing. Alisa must've spilled something," Bianca assured her, smiling to mask the wave of desire coursing through her own body. She wanted nothing more than to walk inside, strip down and make the smell a dozen times stronger. Or just ignore the world and the curse and spend the rest of her life indulging in the pleasures of her growing body. Consequences be damned.

"Better clean it up, bimbo tits," her neighbour snarked, though Bianca recognised the spark of lust in her eyes, then stepped inside with a final, longing glance.

"'Bimbo tits' huh? That's a new one. Too bad it means jack shit," Bianca muttered to herself, looking down at her ponderous chest with a smirk. People will say what they want, she thought and cupped one breast, cooing at the softness that met her hand. Alisa's words would decide what happened next. Bianca released her chest and buried her hands in her pockets, gripping the fabric tightly.

She took a final deep breath and stepped into the room, kicking the door shut behind her. The final click was dull in her ears, yet it sounded no less ominous as she looked around. Alisa's scent was everywhere, overshadowing the smell of her shampoo and conditioner, even the leftover curry that rested on the stove. Bianca didn't risk covering her face for fear of what her body might do without restraint.

Bianca scanned her surroundings to find Alisa laying on her bed, deep asleep. Her lover always looked cutest when she was sleeping. Her lips would pout, or her brow would furrow like she was still thinking about what she was working on. This time, Alisa didn't look simply cute or troubled. She looked sexy.

The futa's shirt was too large on her slender frame, sliding down her shoulder and revealing part of her chest. Alisa's lips were parted and relaxed, as if she were in the middle of a blowjob. Her sweatpants were usually of the same type, loose enough around her figure to reveal part of her skin if she stood up. Now, they were pulled tight against her hips by an impressively huge erection. Dampness spread across the domed tip.

Bianca's nipples pushed out against her lacy bra, tenting her shirt. They were each a match for Alisa's former member, which had grown fantastically since she last saw it. It was an irresistible sight, calling to her like the sweetest siren's song. She sat at the foot of Alisa's bed, careful not to wake her up, and clasped her hands together while her gaze remained locked in place. Every ounce of common sense told her to look away and seclude herself.

But for every ounce of that sense there were kilos more of desire. Bianca wrenched her eyes free to look around, but they were immediately brought back to the core of her burgeoning lust. Her entire body thrummed with want, not just her breasts or pussy, but every aspect of her being. It hummed, like static in headphones. She thought back to how she'd woken Alisa up several times in a similar position.

"It... it'll be fine," Bianca murmured, hands shakily separating, "We're gonna get rid of this curse, anyway. So... better make the best of it." Not to mention that she knew Alisa couldn't resist a wakeup blowjob, and she wanted to - had to - see what had become of her girl's cock. She gulped and hooked her fingers into Alisa's sweatpants, then pulled them down.

Bianca gasped at the sight that burst into view. She felt its heat despite not even touching it, and its scent raced into her nostrils, while her eyes devoured the vein-riddled spire of cock before her. It bounced back from the sudden release, slapping wetly against Alisa's belly. There wasn't any other sight she wanted to see more at that moment. No, she amended and inhaled through her mouth, tasting the mesmerising prick in front of her. She wanted to see it drive into her in every conceivable way.

"Alisa," Bianca moaned and wrapped a hand around the throbbing pillar. It pulsed and twitched against her hand, as if excited by her return. A splash of pre-cum poured from the tip and across her fingers. She moved her hand up, squeezing gently as she did so, and pushed another gout of the slimy pre-seed out. The lustful teen paused when she reached the crown.

It was so much bigger than before. Bianca moved closer, pushing her lover's legs apart, and pushed her face near until all she could see was the fleshy tower and smell only its heavy musk. Another wave of pre oozed forth. Bianca's pussy echoed the sight, soaking through her tight fitted panties. She pushed her nose into her girl's balls, each as big as an orange. Soft, loose flesh surrounded the two massive, sperm encumbered orbs.

Every inch of skin was covered in Alisa's pre-cum and sweat. Bianca moaned as she inhaled the aroma, its musk permeating her mind. She could almost taste it on her tongue, the scent was so powerful. But almost wasn't good enough. The lust-addled teen parted her lips and ran her tongue along her lover's scrotum, moaning hotly at the flavour. 

Bianca opened her mouth wide and sucked on a ball. The sweat and pre washed over her tongue, while she licked at the skin, cleaning it of everything but her spit. She moved onto the next, breathing heavily. Every inhale made her pussy clench in longing, her inner walls rippling around a phantom cock. Not yet, Bianca thought as she dipped her head below the sack and cleaned the underside. There, she felt a dribble of fluid on her face. She almost forgot about Alisa's own pussy. Just like Alisa would do a lot of the time.

"Sorry," Bianca breathed and tilted her head back further, until she pressed her lips to the engorged vulva. Her tongue lashed out, lapping up the juices. A muffled moan preluded an increase in the fluids, urging her to wrap her mouth around the sensual mound. She suckled on it, pulling as much of her lover's flavour across her taste buds as she could. Her hands moved to Alisa's potent balls and massaged them. It was faint, but she swore she heard the cum churning around inside.

Bianca pushed her tongue into Alisa's snatch. She ran it across the velvety insides, enjoying it as they squeezed around the muscle. The brunette bombshell moaned, knowing that it would transit to Alisa, who soon echoed the sound. She massaged the swollen nether lips and excitedly gulped down the copious fluids. For every drop she swallowed, her own snatch leaked just as much. If not more.

She pulled away from it with a satisfied gasp. Her lips and cheeks were wet with Alisa's juices, the abundant fluids sticking fast to her face. Bianca ran her tongue over her lips, clearing them with a keen moan. 

"I'll be back," Bianca promised and moved back to put her face against Alisa's turgid cock. It was covered in slick pre-cum, a coat of it adhering to her pussy smeared cheek. She giggled under her breath, taking in just how overwhelmingly virile Alisa had become. Bianca ran her fingertips along the slimy shaft, noting how viscous the coating was. She extended her tongue, still doused in Alisa's bittersweet juices, and ran it along the length of her lover's rigid shaft.

Salt mixed with the tart flavour as she moved up to the head. Her nostrils flared to capture as much of the musk as she could, while her hands followed her tongue, before descending the lubricated shaft. They twisted slowly. She pursed her lips and pressed them against the tip, kissing it softly, before deepening it until she was wildly making out with the bulbous head. The fact that it wasn't Alisa's lips made no difference.

Spit and pre-cum stained her cheeks and lips. Bianca pulled away and licked as much of her face as her nimble tongue could reach. Her hands never slowed or stammered. She stared down at the prick, panting heavily, then glanced up when its wielder moved. Alisa was still asleep, her eyes shut tight and brow furrowed. It was the same expression that she wore when she was on the brink.

Bianca moved her hands to cup Alisa's churning balls. They felt heavier than before, full of cum, stretching the skin taut around its contents. She calmed her breathing, then engulfed the fat head. It filled her mouth, pressing her tongue flat, while she pushed the first few inches inside. The girth was too great for her to take down her throat, forcing her to stop. Bianca slowly pushed further down, feeling the veins throb against her tongue and lips. Half the shaft vanished down her gullet, gradually stretching her throat.

She loved giving oral. There was something about having something so delicate, yet powerful, inside her mouth where she could bite it at the slightest notion. It gave her power yet put her partner in that position as well. Then she had the sensation of something so thick and hard against her tongue and going into her throat, stretching her gullet wide. Bianca moaned around the thick shaft.

"Ugh... huh?" Alisa groaned from above. The sound urged Bianca to abandon her slow approach, diving down to bury every inch down her oesophagus. Her throat bulged, while her eyes watered, and she gagged, sending spittle cascading around the obstruction. She pulled away, sliding the huge dick out. Every inch dripped with her saliva and pre-cum. She, then, slammed her face back down.

"A-Anca?!" Alisa gasped, but said nothing further as her hips jerked up and her head fell back. A familiar scream of ecstasy ripped through the air. Bianca's eyes widened as her chin was mashed into her lover's testes, which contracted. She felt the shaft thicken in her maw, the increase reaching up its length until it swelled the head, buried in her gullet. Warmth cascaded down her oesophagus and into her stomach.

Bianca moaned as her belly filled with the liquid heat. The balls in her grasp bulged and shrank, sending gush after gush racing up the shaft, thickening it along the way, before spurting forth. Every drop was so viscous that it coated her insides, only flowing down under the force of the tide. Engorge and shrivel, then a powerful blast.

Alisa's hands moved during the pattern. They held onto Bianca's head, just like several times before, preventing her from moving even if she tried. She didn't. Bianca couldn't breathe, and her stomach ached from the rapid influx of rich semen. Her perfect middle rounded out slightly, but she ignored the heavy sensation. Any discomfort was worth this sensation.

Again, and again, Alisa released waves of cum that stallions would be jealous of. Bianca tasted some on her tongue, the pressure so great that it forced the tide back up her throat. The inescapable odour permeated her nostrils next, as two lines of thick seed streaked down her face. She finally squirmed and tugged at Alisa's grip.

"Fuck!" Alisa gasped, releasing her lover's head, allowing her to pull back with a rasping cry. The brunette struggled to reclaim her breath, while the redhead jerked her cock to send still more sperm-riddled cum racing forth. It easily reached and splattered across Bianca's body. A large dose landed in her open mouth, allowing her to properly taste the far richer seed. She practically had to chew it before swallowing.

Almost a minute passed since Alisa came before her release finally slowed. Bianca leaned on her hands, breathing heavily, as she surveyed the mess that decorated her body. Thick lines of semen ran down her skin, streaming down her sullied face and between her heaving breasts. Her clothes were soaked in cum, dense globs of the stuff clinging to her. The bed and Alisa were only marginally better off.

Alisa propped herself up to properly look at her lover. The sight of her gorgeous girlfriend painted in more cum than the entire college could muster was one that she never wanted to lose, but she couldn't admire it for long. She moved onto her hands and knees, then crawled forward to put her face mere inches from Bianca's jizz stained lips. Their eyes met and locked together, each a reflection of the other's unsatisfied lust. The redhead grabbed one of Bianca's hands and placed it on her now larger cock.

"Are we...?" Bianca began, though her hand was already moving, masturbating Alisa's still hard length.

"I can't help it," Alisa admitted, leaning close to lick up a line of her cum, "I tried to stop before, but... Fuck, Anca..." she took a long breath, releasing it in a shuddering whisper, "Forget the curse. I need you."

She didn't let Bianca answer and captured her lips. Their tongues quickly found each other, duelling playfully for supremacy, while Alisa's savoured the vivid flavour of her seed. The petite futa straddled her lover's thick thighs, grinding her foot-long prick against their bodies. Bianca moaned into the kiss, hands quickly finding Alisa's pert ass and groping it. Both felt it as Alisa's cock pressed into the brunette's inflated belly.

They parted with a lustful gasp. Alisa didn't waste time and, gaze firmly enraptured by her lover's, reached down to remove her shirt, while Bianca did the same. The redhead noticed the lingerie and arched an eyebrow, noting how Bianca's breasts practically devoured the cups.

"I wanted to surprise you, but... I couldn't help myself either," Bianca explained with a sheepish grin, which was soon overtaken by Alisa's lips. They moaned into the other's mouth, both wanting to progress further but unable to separate for longer than a few breaths.

"I want your pussy," Alisa moaned, tilting her head to avoid the lips and instead nibble at Bianca's earlobe, "I want to feel you cum around my huge cock." Her words earned a guttural moan and made the taller girl squirm, bringing Alisa's attention to the wetness pushing against her balls. A delighted sigh slipped from her lips and across Bianca's sensitive ear.

"You're so wet," Alisa noted, while her hands slipped down her lover's front, soon finding the soaked clothing pressed against her, "How haven't you cum yet?"

"No idea," Bianca gasped, desperate to do just as Alisa had said.

"Did you almost cum from sucking my cock?" Alisa inquired, teeth nipping at her girlfriend's neck now, marking her path down to her shoulders. Bianca nodded, "Does it turn you on? Knowing that you made me grow even bigger? Are you that big of a size queen that you'd ignore my warnings?"

"Liz," Bianca groaned.

"What about your body? You're bursting out of your clothes, Anca. How much did you cum? Did you masturbate on purpose to make your body even more gorgeous than before?"

"I couldn't help it," Bianca defended, though it was a hollow attempt at best.

"I bet," Alisa agreed, hands finding their ways to the bra hooks, "Let's see how huge you are." She unclasped each hook, finally letting the undergarment pop free from the pressure it had barely contained. The redheaded futa leaned back, keeping her arms wrapped around Bianca's neck to avoid falling, but couldn't go far enough to properly see what had become of her girlfriend's tits.

"Pretty big," Bianca said with a teasing smirk. She unfolded Alisa's arms and took hold of her wrists, letting her fall further away. The redhead gasped at the sight before her, of the twin mounds that looked on par with her head, and the nipples that could've passed for cocks if they were shaped differently. Alisa slid away from Bianca to crawl back onto the bed and stalked toward her breasts. The peaks visibly twitched with every breath the curvaceous teen took.

Extravagance only grazed the surface of the mounds that consumed Alisa's sight and attention. They curved perfectly from their beginnings, no stretchmarks or abrasions on their pert surface. She paused her approach at eyelevel with a nipple, its huge expanse covered in slight protrusions. The milk ducts, Alisa reasoned as her gaze drifted along the surrounding areolae. Would the curse cause Bianca to lactate?

She had to find out. Alisa glanced at Bianca's eyes, almost able to feel the intensity growing within them, then opened her mouth wide and slid the huge nipple past her lips. It rested heavily on her tongue, while the taste of sweat washed over her. A combination of the warm weather and Bianca's constantly burgeoning arousal had coated her in a faint sheen, adding a salty flavour to her gorgeous flesh. The redhead moaned around it and lashed the soft tower with her eager tongue.

Her moans were echoed by Bianca, who leaned away and arched her back. More of the immense nipple entered Alisa's mouth, running across her teeth, the slight scraping earning more pleasured sounds. They froze when the tip threatened to enter Alisa's throat. She had never taken anything so large into her mouth before, leaving her fearful of taking it so deep.

But she had to go further. It was only right after Bianca had done it so many times before. Alisa took a deep breath and relaxed her body, though her cock remained hard as stone, then pushed closer. A frightened whimper reverberated in her throat, her uvula brushing against the ridiculously long peak, however it passed as she pushed herself further. No gag reflex, she silently noted even as she sucked a dick-sized teat down her gullet.
