 Alisa rolled her eyes and lunged forward. She captured Bianca's lips with practised precision, sharing the lingering taste of the girl's heady juices, as her tongue shoved inside and tangoed with its beloved. The futa began to lean back, allowing Anca to shuffle forward on top of her. Bianca's belly rubbed against Alisa's cock, as did the bottom swells of her indulgent tits. They moaned in tandem, finally giving into the primal desire that had burgeoned within them for days.

Warmth clouded Alisa's mind. She felt safe and loved, while her body demanded to reciprocate, while her cock grew slick as pre-cum flowed heavily. Moisture passed between their lips, tongues pushing against the other in a playful duel. Alisa rubbed her hands across Anca's back, pushing down to increase the pressure against her cock. Bianca's breasts surrounded Liz's chest in a pillow-like embrace.

"I need you inside," Bianca gasped when she pulled back, barely taking a breath before she groaned into Alisa's mouth, massing her lips as their bodies pressed tight together. The mere thought of separating after the days spent apart seemed almost painful now. Alisa clapped a hand onto Anca's ass, sinking her small fingers into the abundant, pert flesh and savouring the plushness.

"I want to be," Alisa replied, without removing her lips from her lover's. She brought her other hand to the curvaceous girl's breast, moaning at how completely it dominated her fingers. Smooth flesh spilled from between her digits and conformed against her palm, as if it were made to fit her. The futa rolled her hips, grinding her prick against Bianca's increasingly slimy abdomen.

Their hair fell around them in a shroud of depravity. Saliva messily dribbled down their cheeks and chins as they sloppily kissed amidst their hungry moans. Bianca's hips undulated against Alisa, rubbing her sodden cunt against her balls as the lust-stricken girl moved higher until her breasts consumed Liz's sight. The futa took a laboured breath and stared at the incredible valley. Her eyes were captivated by the sight of milky droplets beading at Bianca's can-sized nipples.

Alisa grabbed both peaks and aimed them at her face. They squished under her grasp, soft and malleable despite the intense throbbing within. Smooth, creamy-white milk coated her hands as she stroked them along the lengths, recalling how Bianca would pleasure her. Warm milk splattered across Alisa's face as she worked, tongue out like a girl in a bukkake. She looked up to meet Bianca's gaze.

Desire seemed a poor word to describe the heat in her gaze. Alisa tried to recall a synonym better suited, yet her mind was blank as a spurt of fresh lactate landed in her mouth, bathing her taste buds. It was richer than before, yet no less sweet and intoxicating. She moaned and swallowed, then leaned up, pursing her lips against the egregiously sized nipples. Milk flowed freely across her face, running into her hair and down to her own petite bust. Alisa released one tit to massage the warmth into her pudgy gut.

"You look so fucking hot," Bianca praised, breathing heavily, "Like a milky goddess."

"Funny," Alisa gasped, "What does that make you? A boob goddess?"

"No," Bianca giggled, "I'm the goddess of your dick, babe." As she spoke, Bianca dragged her silky folds across the shaft, coating it in her prolific juices.

"Like hell," Alisa growled and nipped one of the teats, earning a high-pitched moan and a fountain of white, "You're addicted to it."

"Can't argue with that," Bianca groaned, "Are you going to make my withdrawal worse? Hurry up and put it in me."

"I'm not done," Alisa grunted and wrapped her lips around an oversized nub, suckling the potent contents down her thirsty gullet. Her teeth and tongue worked against the dimpled peak, biting and swirling respectively. Milk gushed into her mouth as she gulped it down her parched throat. She pulled away with a soft pop and licked up a final bead, then moved onto the next one.

"Please, Liz?" Bianca pleaded, hands finding her breasts and squeezing them from base to peak, pushing a waterfall into Alisa's slavering maw, "If I cum, there'll be even more milk for you." She teased, still stroking her engorged nether-lips over her lover's foot-long cock.

"Hmm," Alisa moaned, gulping voraciously, then pulled back, "Just one."

"Just one," Bianca hastily agreed, desperation plastered to her face, just as her milk was to Alisa's, "Doggy?"

"Doggy," Alisa nodded. They moved in perfect sync, having practised the same action for weeks on end. The futa knelt behind Bianca, staring down at the matronly hips and mountainous ass. Bianca's flesh jiggled softly as she shook her rear and clenched her muscles, lewd slurps coming from her needy snatch as it sought Alisa's dick. The girl's face was pressed into the pillows, breasts flattening against the bed and stretching out to either side of her while dampness spread from her huge tits.

"I've needed this for so long," Bianca moaned.

"Me too," Alisa agreed, moving closer until her cock, now nearly a quarter of her height in length, pushed into the velvet opening, "I'm gonna be rough."

"Hmm, fuck yes," Bianca groaned huskily, bouncing her hips gently, "Fucking rut me like an actual dog."

Alisa chuckled softly and laid her hands on her lover. Bianca's abundant flesh spilled through her fingers as she tightened her grip, sinking into the perfect handholds, "I think you'd be disappointed by that."

"Whatever," Bianca whined exasperatedly, "Just fuck me hard as fuck!"

"Gladly," Alisa grunted and drove her hips forward, mustering every ounce of power her lithe frame could. The ensuing slap echoed throughout their dorm room and lingered in their ears, before being displaced by Bianca's ecstatic shriek. It was muffled by the pillows, yet no less visceral. Her pussy clamped around Alisa like a velvet vice, coating her in its debauched lust.

There were things that Alisa could barely live without. Internet, good food, entertainment, even her cock... but they all paled - no, they weren't even tangible - in comparison to how she had craved Bianca's cunt. The curse had only distracted her from the burgeoning need. Alisa stared down at her sheathed dick, panting heavily.

She had never thought that size could make much of a difference in sex. From her perspective at least. Alisa's former five-inch cock was all she had needed for her pleasure. But now she realised what a huge dick could do. The sensations were the same as before, yet there were a multitude more of them, all dancing every inch of her member. Her tip mashed heavily against Bianca's cervix, curving the barrier from the sheer indominable force of her thrust.

"Again," Bianca rasped, bucking her hips like a true slut.

"You're such a slut," Alisa admonished her girlfriend, slapping her massive ass and relishing the way the monstrous flesh jiggled. The futa's balls throbbed at the visage, swelling with her load. Pre-cum spewed from her member, adding to the drenched mess of Bianca's pussy, as her veins palpitated fiercely.

"Yeah," Bianca moaned, moving harder, "I'm your slut, Liz. Your cock's so fucking good," she continued, breathing hoarsely as her snatch tightened further, "So deep. It hits me so fucking deep. Like it's in my womb... ah, fuck! Liz, fuck me! Fuck my slutty cunt!"

Alisa remained still, captivated by the primal display before her. Even the clear sound and sensation of her lover's orgasm nearly went unnoticed. She blinked and gawked as Bianca's delicious ass expanded further. The sight should've worried her. They'd agreed on one orgasm, nothing more. But... she bit her lip hard, moaning deep in her chest. It felt so good.

Her hips began moving before her mind gave the order. Alisa smacked her crotch into Bianca's heavy ass cheeks, sending deliciously long ripples along the shapes. She savoured the sensation of her cum sloshing within her abnormal sack, before pulling back with a lewd slurp from her lover's snatch. The futa quickly found her usual rhythm and hastened it. Her heart pounded in her chest, sending her lust roaring through her veins. Thoughts of endurance vanished into the aether.

She slammed into Bianca's cervix. Pre-cum spurted from her tip, dousing the resilient barrier, while slickening the carnal passage. Her shaft slid along the canal with ease, hardly causing friction despite the tightness. Each thrust made her balls rock and slap into Bianca's clit. Two smacks recounted each ravenous, bolstered by the lewd slurp of the girl's cunt as it was abused. 

Alisa's eyes were adhered to the delicious view. Every single inch was enveloped in a loving warmth that doubled as the greatest pleasure of her life. Her cock stretched her lover's pussy taut around its girth, the lips straining to hold it. The cheeks that framed it squished and jiggled like jelly with every thrust, yet she could feel the muscle beneath the smooth, plush fat. Her tempo stuttered as her gut clenched.

The tightness grew and grew. It twisted her core into a tense knot on the verge of snapping. Just a little more pressure and it'd break, releasing an inhuman flood. Her lover's cunt threatened to crush her, yet it was no less pliable. Viscous girl-cum sloppily squelched with every thrust. Bianca moaned and gasped, bucking against the futa's immense cock. She was also close. They'd cum together at this rate.

Alisa roared as best her small lungs could muster as she came into Bianca's sodden pussy, her urethra directly aimed at the girl's womb. Her cum blazed along her shaft, swelling it massively until it clenched and released a high-powered geyser of jizz. And all of it was trained on Bianca's womb.

Was it a safe day? She didn't know. Alisa's eyes fell on her lover's snatch, the lips stretched taut around her newly massive cock, and saw a line of cum slowly leak out. It was thicker than ever, doubtlessly brimming with sperm. And her balls were certainly still full. She might've just gotten Bianca pregnant.

Her worry was trampled under her stampeding bliss. Every stomp of her heart brought another excessive blast of cum, replacing all of Bianca's juices with jellylike, sperm-riddled semen. Alisa's hips jerked with her release, fitfully slamming against Bianca's thick, beautiful ass. Jizz streamed from the girl's cunt, falling with heavy splats against the bed.

Alisa doubled over and wrapped her arms around Bianca's middle. Her eyes widened when she felt a distinct, unmistakable bulge through her girlfriends' belly. The former liquid curve was now flat, save for the dick-shaped lump. It was soon replaced as Bianca's womb followed her stomach's prior example. Her flat gut soon swelled into a subtle curve. 

"More," Bianca moaned and pushed back, forcing Alisa to lay down. The curvaceous teen followed perfectly, never letting an inch of the futa's cock to slip out, "Cum in me more, Liz. Make me so fucking pregnant." Jizz leaked from her cunt as she spoke, the near-perfect seal unable to handle the pressure. She turned to face Alisa, showing her the distinct curve of her gut. 

"Ah, fuck," Alisa gasped, staring up at her lover, who began to restlessly ride her, "We... we can't. Remember?" Her voice was pathetic, though, lacking even a speck of power. Her body was in control, rather, her mind had given up control. She could do little more than stare up at Bianca's springing tits, each as big as their owner's head. The nipples tossed milk everywhere. 

"Yes!" Bianca yelled, bouncing heavily. Her monumental breasts clapped together, resonating in Alisa's ears, "Oh fuck, make me cum! Make me cum! Make me grow!" The girl's voice trailed into a blissful cry, her pussy moulding to the cock inside. Alisa's hands quickly found her lover's leaking tits, staring at them in awe as they grew before her eyes.

"Bigger," Bianca panted, still squatting on Alisa's rigid cock. The flow of cum had finally slowed, yet the futa was acutely aware of another climax churning within her sack. Her core was tight, more than ready to unleash another flood. Distinct warmth flushed through her, coiling within her cock and balls. She was growing too, pushing harder against Bianca's stubborn womb. The flow of her cum dwindled as her girth expanded.

"We can't," Alisa weakly denied, yet her hips shouted powerfully as they charged up into Bianca's eager pussy. Cum squelched wetly as it was forced out by the massive appendage, pouring out onto Alisa's crotch and belly. Her words went unheard. She stroked Bianca's huge, soft nipples as her cock worked the girl's snatch to a frothing mess. Slimy strings of cum connected them as she rose, before breaking with a wet, carnal smack as she fell.

"Harder!" Bianca called, voice rising with her obvious pleasure, "Jesus, fuck! Liz, give it to me. Make me bigger. Cum with me!"

"Anca! Oh fuck!" Alisa shouted as her balls clenched, the new coil in her gut snapping and releasing a deluge of sensation across her nerves. Electric sparks of delight raced along her body, zipping to her brain to detonate. Her vision dimmed as her eyes rolled. Alisa pulled Bianca's ass down flush to her legs, holding it tight as the next tide erupted from her. The girl ground her crotch against Alisa even as it filled and overflowed with semen.

"I feel it," Bianca moaned, voice cracking, "In my womb. So hot. So much cum..." the girl fell forward, panting breathlessly as her body grew even further. Alisa barely noticed her weight, senses locked onto the depraved pressure of her cum ejaculating, "Keep going..." Bianca rasped and kissed the near-insensate futa. 

Alisa returned the gesture on instinct. She urged Bianca up and onto her back. The girl grabbed her legs and held them apart, giving a perfect view of her cum-spewing snatch and the massive shaft buried within it. Her arms framed her tits, mashing them together and putting her giant nipples on full display. The huge peaks flopped wildly as Alisa resumed her thrusts.

Milk spurted high from the large nubs. It splattered back down on the girl, who paid it no mind as she watched the unbeatable size of Alisa's bitch-breaker ram into her. The futa's vicious pace hastened with every clap of flesh, rising like a crescendo. Jizz spilled from Bianca's snatch, gooey and dense with sperm, trillions of which now swam within her womb. Streaks of it ran down the girl's stomach and between her mountainous tits.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Bianca cried in tandem with her lover's thrusts, reaching another climax, "Ah, fuck!" Alisa didn't pause throughout the orgasm, working toward her own with a single-minded desire. Primitive urges dominated her consciousness, or lack thereof, demanding her to mate this woman. She was helpless against such a need.

As Bianca's snatch loosened from its recent explosive release, Alisa's own roared to life. Her primal scream was echoed by her lover, whose body seemed hardwired to cum now. The girl's body went lax this time, her muscles finally going numb. She twitched as jizz poured into her womb and her body grew yet again, tits rising like soufflés while her ass arched her back higher.

"Yes," Bianca slurred as her uterus was inundated in Alisa's rich cum. Nothing could compare to such sensations. She was trapped now, her fate completely entwined with Alisa's. No man, or woman for that matter, could satisfy her so perfectly. Her pussy was probably too stretched for a normal cock or dildo anyway. And it was forced even bigger as Alisa's growth surged.

The futa's thrusts resumed. They were slow and leisurely, akin to a lazy afternoon masturbation. Bianca moaned softly and weakly wrapped her legs around Alisa's waist, offering what little assistance her exhausted body could muster.

"Hmm... one more time, Liz," Bianca sighed, her oversensitive snatch eagerly racing toward another climax, "Make my tits and ass grow again." The meagre pace jumped slightly, before another titanic fountain of jizz poured into her womb. Was her cervix still there? Bianca couldn't tell, nor did she care. Her round stomach expanded gently as she shook spasmodically with her own orgasm.

Alisa's own libido finally gave out. She collapsed onto the girl, cock still buried deep inside, and laid her head between the twin monuments that were Bianca's breasts. Both soon found reprieve in sleep, eyes lulling shut amid the afterglow of their tumultuous orgasms.

Alisa cracked her eyes open, frowning at the sound of bubbling water. She groaned and rolled onto her back, grimacing at how her bed squelched under her slight weight. The sheets felt slimy and utterly drenched, also cold against her balls. At least it smells good, Alisa thought inhaling the musky aroma of her cum enriched by a mild sweetness. She wasn't surprised after her dream.

"You awake?" Bianca's voice cut through the drowsiness like a machete through paper. Alisa bolted upright, eyes wide as they saw her lover standing in the kitchen, naked save for an apron that barely contained her genuinely massive tits. Her ass curved from her back like a shelf all on its own, yet it was no less shapely.

"A-Anca? You're here." Alisa stated under her breath, realising her dream was in fact a reality. She slung her head forward to stare at her genitals, gaze somehow widening at the massive shape of her cock and balls.

"Yup," Bianca smiled and walked over. Her breasts bounced with every step and defied gravity with their perkiness. She sat down at the futa's feet, "And what a welcome." She leaned in close and caught Alisa's lips in a soft kiss.

"I... we lost control," Alisa murmured after they parted, mind suffused in the image of her cock, easily the same length as her erection once was a day ago, lounging over her giant testes. They each had to be the size of cantaloupes, "Fuck, how's anything gonna fit us?"

"I'm not worried," Bianca said, smiling nonchalantly. She rose and went back to the kitchen, then poured a large amount of penne pasta into the pot, "Remember, I said I know how we can fix this."

"Y-yeah, I do," Alisa sighed and relaxed, "You never explained it though."

"It's a gypsy curse," Bianca stated, leaning back against the kitchen counter, though her ass kept her back several inches from touching it, "That night we got drunk before I left, we ran into that woman, right?"

"Yeah, I think so," Alisa frowned, trying to recall the evening before coming back to their dorm.

"Well I do," Bianca grinned, "Way I see it, all we've gotta do is track her down and she can undo this whole thing."

"I'm not so sure," Alisa grumbled, lowering her head, "Aren't gypsies always vengeful people in the movies? Like in 'Drag Me to Hell'?"

"Fiction," Bianca rolled her eyes, "Can't believe I have to remind you of that."

"We've been cursed by a gypsy to grow with every orgasm, I think fiction and reality are pretty fucking blurred," Alisa dryly replied, then sighed, "So, any clue where she is."

"Just the street where we ran into her."

"Great," Alisa moaned sarcastically and stood, "It's better than nothing. I'm gonna shower, then we can go looking." She winced at how her thighs pushed her balls with every step, grinding them together.

"The sun's already setting you know," Bianca informed her girlfriend, "I don't really want to go out in the cold either."

"Oh," Alisa glanced out the window, finally noticing the burning rays of sunlight, "How long was I out?"

"Just a couple of hours," Bianca said, getting out a couple of plates, "Dinner's almost ready. Besides, I could do with a shower as well. Wink, wink."

"We aren't fucking again," Alisa groaned and sat at the small table, unable to ignore how heavy her balls pulled on her crotch.

"Actually, I'm not that horny right now. Like, I know if we started doing anything I'd be raring to go, but I'm not about to start something," Bianca explained, dishing up the food. She wasn't the cook of the relationship, though she at least knew how to put things into an oven or saucepan. She did tend to burn them.
