 Morning finally came. A blessed relief to the futa who sat, curled up in a ball, on the bathroom floor to hide away from her girlfriend's relentless libido. Hers wasn't any better. Alisa's erection had remained stoic throughout the night, leaking pre-cum into a puddle and waiting for her self-control to crack. The possibility wasn't something she even entertained, thoughts resolutely fixed on anything but her magnitude of cock.

Her bouts of sleep passed as fast as they came. Alisa's dreams were helpless against her lust, no matter what she tried they always turned to visions of Bianca. She would jerk awake through sheer force of will, causing her dick to lurch and her balls to rumble like a starving stomach. Sunlight bathed the white tiled walls in radiance. It was time to try and go about her day.

Outside, she heard her alarm clock blare. The obnoxious beeping soon stopped as Bianca silenced it, though there was no other movement that Alisa could hear. Alisa carefully unlocked the bathroom door and peeked out, cautious of seeing her inhumanly sexual girlfriend.

"Morning," Bianca's voice both froze and boiled Alisa's blood, sending her heart racing while her cock leapt and slapped against the door. The futa swiftly shut it and leaned her full weight on the wood, eyes wide as her jaw clenched shut and her nostrils flared. Her breaths were fast and harsh.

"I'll be in the dorm showers," Bianca said, more subdued than Alisa had ever heard from her, "Sorry about last night." The door to their room clicked shut. Silence settled around Alisa, save for her heart and breathing. Her cock throbbed with every second and her lust burned through her veins, ignited by nothing more than Bianca's speech - and the image of her curvy lover standing naked, under a stream of water, washing her ridiculous figure. Alisa's fingers curled into restrained fists.

The urge to touch herself almost hurt. She licked her dry lips and leaned her head against the door, heaving a deep sigh. Bianca seemed in control for the time being. If they were going to find that gypsy, then this might be their only chance. She just needed to get herself under control as well, then they could get started. But a cold shower or bath were dubious at best. That only left her one option.

Alisa hung her head and stared at her cock. Her former ten inches seemed so much more manageable in comparison to the hunk of meat attached to her crotch. It sagged under its weight, though only slightly, kept aloft by the stubborn desire throbbing within. She shifted her legs and felt her balls brush against her knees. They had to be the size of bowling balls by now. If not, they were just as heavy.

Though the weight didn't concern her. She felt it as clearly as she normally would, however it didn't pull on her as it should've. Alisa let her curiosity guide her hands, glad for any distraction, and felt around her lower body, finding solid muscle where it had been soft before. Her hips had always been strong, especially after the months with Bianca, but now they felt chiselled. Likewise, her legs were solid and rippled with power. Yet she couldn't see any muscle from the outside.

She shook her head and stepped from the bathroom. The futa couldn't risk seeing Bianca face to face, not when her own libido was acting up like this. Now was her best chance to get some breakfast. As she walked into the kitchen area, her cock bobbed and swayed heavily in front of her. There wasn't any strain on her augmented muscles, however.

She pulled open the fridge to see what was left. Not much... Alisa sighed, cursing herself for not buying more groceries when she went out. They didn't even have any milk left. Her lips curled unconsciously, thinking of her lover and the possible gallons of sweet, creamy milk her tits held. Bianca would probably need to be milked if the effects weren't reversed. Not that either of them would mind.

"Stop it," Alisa snapped at herself. She swung open the pantry and grabbed the nearest cereal, deciding it'd be better to have it dry than nothing at all. Or to risk making something that'd take too long. Neither she, nor Bianca had cum since yesterday. If they saw each other now, would it turn out like their initial reunion?

A clear head would be bliss, Alisa thought as she contemplated her dull breakfast. Dry cereal was far from her favourite meal choices. Adding water would be just as bad, if not worse. The fluid had to be tasty and slightly thick too. She almost laughed at herself as something fell to the floor with a wet splat. Her eyes moved to her cock, its head almost at the table's centre, and felt pre-cum streak down its underside.

Something thick and tasty...

"This curse is fucking with my head," Alisa muttered and stood up. She held her bowl beneath the tip as she began to stroke her shaft, tiny fingers barely covering a third of her girth. Pleasure sparked immediately and danced across her length, transmitting to her fingers to race along her arms. A low sigh turned to a moan as she worked. Pre-cum spilled into her cereal in an endless fountain, each rise of her hand coaxing an entire cupful worth.

The sensations dominated her mind. Her eyes slid shut and her mouth fell open to moan clearer. Images of Bianca subsumed her thoughts, visions of the impossibly busty girl wrapping her tits around Alisa's cock and giving her the mother of all tit fucks. Bianca's breasts were the only ones that could possibly handle Alisa's dick now. She could never be with anyone else.

"Fuck!" Alisa gasped and tore her hand away, stabbing her nails into her side. Pain clashed with pleasure and drove off her climax, leaving her cock to ache for its release. Her balls throbbed in near agony. She panted heavily as she set her bowl back on the table, cereal now swimming in a sea of her translucent, white pre-cum, "How much sperm is in that stuff?" The futa gawked at the sight.

Pre-cum was never even remotely white. It was just a natural lubricant with some sperm cells, nothing more, yet hers could almost pass for a normal ejaculation for a guy with a low sperm count. Though it was thicker than she'd expected. What would the real thing look like? Could it even come out from her urethra?

"Jesus, what the fuck is wrong with me?" Alisa groaned, pinching the bridge of her nose. She had to deal with this curse, and soon. Before that, she needed to finish her pre-ejaculate bathed breakfast. The futa lifted her spoon, pausing to watch her pre drool from the metal, then engulfed it. Strangely, the cereal was what brought down the flavour. Her cum was simply that good.

It was sweet and bitter with a strange aftertaste. Alisa's mind raced with the possibilities of using her seed in cooking, wondering what flavours or textures it could bring about. She'd heard of people using their cum in baking, perhaps it was something worth exploring. There was still some eggs, flour and sugar left. Making something like that would be too risky, though, not when she was on a strict time limit. Yet the thought wouldn't leave her alone.

She glanced at the nearest clock. Bianca would probably be another five minutes. If Alisa worked quickly then she could get everything ready to go in the oven. Her girlfriend could handle the rest. And the mere idea of cumming sounded so good. It'd clear her head and relieve some of the ache in her groin.

"I shouldn't... but it's not like I can go out with this," Alisa mumbled around her food, hoping that speaking aloud would somehow urge her mind to blurt the answer, "But one orgasm won't be enough. A cold shower definitely won't work either. The only way is..."

"Hey."

Alisa rounded at the greeting and saw Bianca standing in front of the door, a towel wrapped tight around her oversized breasts, soaked hair draped over them. Her nipples tented the fabric and lifted it high enough to almost reveal her pussy. They didn't catch Alisa's gaze, however. That was the redness that surrounded Bianca's eyes.

"What happened?"

"Some girls picked on me," Bianca stated without moving from where she stood, "To put it lightly."

"Anca," Alisa gulped and stood, ignorant to how her cock bobbed with her steps. She wrapped her arms around her lover, burying her head in her breasts, and pulled her close. The futa glanced around, scanning across her girlfriend's skin and saw a couple of bruises beginning to form, "They went too far."

"Ha, yeah," Bianca hugged Alisa close, as if afraid that she would run away again, "I can't even get horny like this." She laughed briskly at the touch of Alisa's erection.

"Don't tempt me," Alisa laughed and peered up at her, "I might try and change that."

"I know," Bianca grinned. She paused in contemplation, regarding her petite lover before she took a long breath, "I think we need to deal with this curse."

"Because you got bullied for once?" Alisa snarked, "... sorry. That came out wrong."

"It happens... and yeah. Pretty much. You know me, I like to socialise. These things are awesome, but I think you're right. I can't live like this. Not normally." Bianca frowned at her chest, both admiring how huge and perfect it looked, while she despaired at what others would think of her.

"What did they say?" Alisa spoke into Bianca's breasts, basking in their plushness. The very idea that someone could hate them annoyed her. They were incredible, no matter how big or small.

"It wasn't what they said, it's what they did," Bianca tightened the embrace.

"We don't have to talk about it," Alisa assured her, "We'll just stay like this for a while longer."

"It's happened to you before, hasn't it?" Bianca asked hesitantly.

"When you're as short as a twelve-year-old, it tends to."

"They're just jealous," Bianca chuckled, "I'd give anything to be as cute as you."

"I notice that you didn't say anything about having smaller boobs."

"Of course. I still love my titties," Bianca squeezed her arms inward and forced her breasts to swell out further, "What did you do to handle it?"

"Jerked off while fantasising about getting revenge," Alisa answered with a shrug, "There's not much you can do about people like that. Sometimes it's just the way things are. But there's no reason you should change," Alisa added and leaned away, tilting her head back to face Bianca as best she could.

"I thought you'd be happy," Bianca breathed, "Didn't you keep saying we had to stop this before it got out of hand?"

"Yes, but... Bianca..." Alisa groaned and leaned her head down, burying her face in her girlfriend's cleavage, "I love you. I don't want you to give up something that you like just for me... or for anyone else."

"What made you change your mind?"

"I guess," Alisa felt her cock throb, still hard despite the heavy atmosphere, "I realised that your happiness is paramount. That's what being a couple is all about. Isn't it?"

"Yeah," Bianca nodded slowly, leaning down until their foreheads touched, "So, if I said you having a bigger dick would make me happy, would you let it grow?"

"N..." Alisa gulped. Her cock was already massive, far too big for any normal woman to enjoy, and she could probably get Bianca pregnant with just the pre-cum alone. Anything more would go beyond excessive. The thought made her prick throb and push against Bianca's thighs. A trickle of moisture fell on top of it. Did she really have a chance to turn back now? The futa looked into Bianca's eyes and saw the strain.

If Alisa said no, then that'd be the end of it for now.

"Not too big," Alisa whispered, "Once we're thinking straight, then we're going out to look for that gypsy."

"What about me?" Bianca inquired, breaths deepening with every moment they spent so close together.

"Just don't outgrow the doors," Alisa giggled.

"Wouldn't it be sexy if I got stuck though? I'd be helpless to resist you," Bianca teased, hands slipping lower to trace along Alisa's slight ass.

"I'm already hard as stone, you don't need tease me," Alisa admonished and thrust her hips to demonstrate her point.

"You know I can't help myself," Bianca kissed the futa's lips, smirking against them, "Your face is so cute when I do."

"Won't be saying that when your ass is bouncing on my cock," Alisa mumbled and mashed her lips into Bianca's, silencing any response beyond a lustful groan. This was a mistake, she knew it all too well. One orgasm would turn into three, then five, possibly more. Her body made that fact perfectly clear as her balls churned with the release they were earlier denied.

Alisa gracefully slid the bathrobe from her girlfriend, then clapped her hands upon Bianca's delicious ass. The pert cheeks swallowed her fingers whole, pert flesh moving sinuously with her eager ministrations, while Bianca's breasts came to rest upon her shoulders. Each tit was as big as the futa's head and subsumed her neck and shoulders, rippling with each harsh inhale Bianca took. Alisa groaned hotly into the kiss and stretched her hands to the valley of Bianca's glorious rear.

The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end. Lust danced across her skin, burning hotter as she tasted Bianca. Both moaned lowly in their chests, rumbling against one another. A sharp clap resounded through the room as Alisa slammed her hands upon Bianca's ass. It rippled deliciously around her fingers. The futa pulled her lover's massive cheeks apart and crept between them.

Bianca's moans rose in pitch as delicate digits brushed her puckered rosebud. It was the one place that had been left untouched in all their nights together, rarely even fingered. How tight would it be, Alisa wondered as she teased the orifice, and what would it feel like?

She halted the kiss with a breathless gasp. Her body remained locked tight to Bianca, refusing to let her go for even a moment.

"You did say we could give it a try," Alisa reminded her girlfriend, eyes fixed on hers.

"If I get at your pussy," Bianca panted. Her cheeks were red and her gaze unfocused, even deeper into the hold of her lust than Alisa. The futa released her lover's ass, causing the cheeks to clap together powerfully, and moved one of Bianca's hands to between her thighs. Under her cock, where a stream of her juices coated her inner thighs.

"I'm all yours," Alisa breathed, "Every inch of me."

"Alisa," Bianca said her name as if in prayer, fingers playing over the futa's drenched thighs, "I'm off the pill..."

"Since when?"

"Since before all this started," Bianca's every word seemed a struggle to push out, "I don't know if it happened already, but... I want a kid."

"We're so young," Alisa pointed out, despite how her cock throbbed at the idea.

"And we might end up growing as big as Godzilla. I just... if we can't have a normal life, then let's give someone else the chance."

"That doesn't make much sense," Alisa muttered.

"You don't have to."

"It's probably too late anyway," Alisa reasoned and angled her hips upward to brush her cock against Bianca's sopping snatch, "After yesterday, I'd be amazed if the pills would do anything anyway."

"So, we're doing it?"

"You sound like you're about to go through menopause," Alisa teased and reached between their bodies to run her fingertips along Bianca's pussy, "I don't agree with this, but if you're sure... then I'm not gonna stop you."

"Liz..."

"But I'm still gonna fuck your ass," Alisa growled and spun Bianca around, then bent her over, "Spread your legs and bend your knees for me."

"Won't we need lube?" Bianca rasped as she followed Alisa's order.

"What better lube than pre-cum?" Alisa grinned and stroked her cock, tip poised at Bianca's anus. The ring gaped open slightly, enough that a stream of pre could leak inside. She rubbed the slick fluid into the orifice, spreading it everywhere that she could, "Oh yeah, there's something I've always wanted to try."

"What's that?!" Bianca gasped, then laughed as her ass was clamped around Alisa's monumental prick. The futa began to thrust, spewing her slippery seed across Bianca's back. It drooled down her sides and onto the floor. Some slid between her immense cheeks, lubricating the way for Alisa to fuck them like a pair of tits.

"Fuck, this is hot," Alisa moaned. Her cock dominated the view of her lover's back, its tip seeming to reach beyond her head, while her hands squeezed the delicious cushions around her equally giant shaft. When her length ran out, her turgid balls pushed flush against Bianca's dripping cunt. She eventually remembered her goal and pulled back.

"Take it slow," Bianca whispered as the tip was pressed against her virgin ass.

"Don't worry, slut," Alisa assured her, rubbing handfuls of pre-cum into her lover's glorious rear. It glistened sexily, like after an oil massage. The futa spoke endearingly, as if the insult was the greatest compliment she could think of, "I'm sure you'll love it. I bet you're dying to add 'backdoor whore to your 'cumslut' title."

"Where's this coming from?" Bianca moaned, undulating her hips at the debasement, "Not that I'm complaining, though."

"I figured you'd like it," Alisa's voice dropped to a husky whisper as she pushed forward slightly, earning a raspy groan, "Don't worry," she repeated in her usual tone, "I'll be gentle."

"Until I say otherwise," Bianca chuckled. Her laughter dwindled to a lustful grunt as her anus was forced open. Surprisingly easy, Alisa thought and pushed her tip inside. It may have only been the peak, but it was still substantial, easily thicker than three of her fingers together. Her pre-cum made it slicker, however she never thought it would be this smooth.

The curse, Alisa concluded as Bianca's anus swallowed her bulbous head. Tight walls of velvet surrounded her crown. They rippled and clenched around it, either trying to pleasure or remove her. Either way, the motions felt incredible. Alisa gripped her lover's hips tight, hands vanishing into their expanse. The insides were dryer than what she was used to, but her abundant pre quickly fixed it.

"So fucking big," Bianca grunted.

"Too much?"

"Fuck no," Bianca snarled and bucked against her, "It hurts, but it's so fucking good. You're so huge it's crushing my pussy at the same time. My walls are rubbing together."

"Anca," Alisa panted and pushed forward several inches, her sudden cry matched by Bianca's, "Tight... hot... why'd we wait so long for this?"

"Dunno," Bianca moaned, "But don't stop."

"I'm gonna flood your insides with cum," Alisa growled and lurched onward, driving her hips to slam into her girlfriend's pillow-like ass.

"Fuck!" Bianca screeched. Her insides clenched, almost like they were trying to choke the life from Alisa's indominable erection. A deluge of fluids splashed onto the floor. Alisa hugged the girl tight, hands moving to bury themselves in Bianca's tits, as she savoured the sensation of her expanding lover, "More... more... more, more, more!"

"Can't help it," Alisa grumbled to herself, mind racing miles by the minute. Bianca had said that she wanted to grow. That she didn't care how big she became, "You want to grow?"

"Fuck, yes, yes, yes," Bianca cried in sync with the futa's sawing hips.

"Probably the orgasm talking," Alisa muttered even as she gave another thrust, powering through the death grip on her prick. She yielded to her lust and let it puppeteer her muscles, sawing her hips to and fro, "Keep cumming, Anca. Cum like the backdoor slut you are." The friction was incredible, quickly working Alisa to her own climax. Only the wish to savour such an experience kept her from exploding.

"I will!" Bianca moaned and twisted her head around to stare at Alisa through half-lidded eyes, "Just keep fucking me."

"How could I say no?" Alisa laughed under her breath and found her usual rhythm. All thoughts of being gentle vanished as she abused her lover's once virgin hole, slamming into it like a battering ram. Their flesh slapped wetly as pre-cum splattered forth, sticking to their bodies. Alisa did her best not to blink as she felt Bianca clamp around her once more, eager to watch her girlfriend's figure become even more ridiculously hot.
