 Author's Note: This was supposed to be out on this site a month ago, but something came up and I couldn't find the time. Better late than never. As always, I advise checking the tags before reading.

***

Alisa never thought she'd see a sight as perfect as the one before her. Awe inspiring scenery surrounded her, aged and fantastical in how the moss and vines crept along the fountain and high walls, with painstakingly engraved imagery carved into them. Even the sight of Sister Judith laying atop the ball of her stomach, face a mask of bliss and her gaping snatch oozing heaping globs of cum, was quickly lost to her. Just how had she come to deserve the goddess that knelt at her feet with a full-grown cock down her throat?

In all their months together, she hadn't found an answer. Nor did she need one. Alisa ran her fingers through the sticky, matted mane of brown locks. Entire handfuls of white came free and clung to her hand or fell to the floor with a distinct splat, joining the viscous layers below. Car horns blared nearby, and people yelled while birds occasionally chirped in the clear skies above. 

All paled to the slimy push and pull along her turgid prick. The sound was reminiscent of when she and Bianca had used too much lube one night. They had slid across one another so much that it was impossible to penetrate her. Alisa stroked Bianca's hair fondly as she controlled the pace, taking her pleasure in watching the gorgeous spectacle beneath her.

Bianca's warm eyes were fixed on hers. They swam with strained tears as her throat was reamed by Alisa's behemoth cock, and her nostrils flared from a lack of air while her cheeks bellowed out like a chipmunks. Her face was smeared in cum and spit. She fell back slightly, the very tip all that was left to stuff her maw and flood it with pre and waited there. Heavy rungs of spit drooped from her lips and from the far off centre of Alisa's shaft.

"Stand up," Alisa panted and stepped back, nearly knocking herself down as her balls swung against her shins. She couldn't see Bianca's full glory past the rigid enormity of her cock, and she had to properly see her lover. Not through glazed over eyes with her dick buried in a nun's pussy, but with clarity - or as much as she could manage. 

Bianca smiled as she stepped back out of arms reach. Lewd streaks of saliva poured across her chin and across her body, which was far from clean. Slight splashes of her gently tanned skin peeked out from amidst the layers of cum, with small lines appearing as her spit drooled across her form. Alisa heard herself gulp, yet she was numb to the action. Bianca consumed everything in her mind.

The curse had more than taken its toll on Bianca. Her face was as beautiful as ever, perhaps more so with the crude slop caked to her skin. Gently angular cheekbones slid elegantly into her full lips, above which her nose sat delicately between her brown eyes. Ordinarily long and flowing, her chestnut hair was instead a mess of slimy locks that barely showed beyond the coating of jizz.

Bianca's smirk turned mischievous. She shoved her hands under her breasts and lifted them, the malleable mountains devoured her arms, while the bottom halves spread out further from how she squished them. Only the top of her hips were visible past the wall of tit. She, then, leaned forward and lifted them higher, mashing them against her chin. Her smirk shone brightly as Alisa's cock jumped.

"You like?" Bianca teased, jiggling her landscape of breast. Her huge, deep-pink nipples flopped with the motions. Massive, puffed up circles of a similar shade surrounded the stiff masts. Alisa spotted several tiny ridges spread across the peaks, each beading with an intimately familiar fluid. Those beads gradually formed into large drops and broke apart, becoming part of the paste-like seed that coated her body.

"I love you," Alisa gushed. The air felt hot and heavy as she inhaled, as if the very atmosphere was intoxicated by the heat they exuded. Her eyes moved sluggishly down Bianca's voluptuous form, desperate to engrave every inch into her memory.

From a tiny waist that her breasts vastly overshadowed, her already erotically broad hips flared into a fetishist's dream. Bianca was a slender girl for her height, yet, even if she had shoulders like a bodybuilder, her hips stretched far beyond them. It was close, but Alisa was certain they inched out her breasts for width.

Catching her eye's focus, Bianca giggled and languidly turned. Her curves bounced with the slight movement, betraying the firm appearance they somehow maintained. Not an inch of Bianca appeared to sag despite the rigorous weight. Her ass curved out from her back into a shelf all on its own, then gracefully slid into her tree-sized thighs and long legs. A faint yet powerful layer of muscle rippled beneath the tiers of softness.

The curse hadn't touched anything else. Bianca's back was as smooth as ever and blended into her shoulders and arms like a single stroke of a paint brush. She let her breasts fall into their natural form and laid her hands atop them, while her head turned back to beam at the captivated futa. Alisa's cock jerked and sent a stream of pre-cum sailing high, before it fell on Bianca.

The impact set her breasts jiggling once more. They stretched so far from Bianca's torso that Alisa saw every ripple from behind, and even watched the drops of milk thickening into streams. Bianca twirled gently in place. Their bodies were capable of moving despite the inestimable weight they now carried, however that meant little to the power of momentum.

Despite her care, Bianca stumbled a little as her breasts swung. Alisa couldn't resist and giggled at her lover, who mock pouted before joining in.

"Come here," Alisa chuckled. Bianca sashayed over, curves jiggled lustfully with every step, no matter how gentle her movement, and straddled Alisa's cock, hugging it between her heavenly thighs. Her enormous breasts surrounded Alisa, trapping in the greatest prison she could imagine. They draped their arms loosely on the other's shoulders.

"Are we doing this?" Bianca asked, leaning close to see her own reflection in Alisa's eyes.

"I don't think we have a say anymore," Alisa said, "Every part of me is screaming to fuck you, Anca."

"I know," Bianca smirked and entangled her fingers in Alisa's hair, holding her firmly, "Just the one, right? Then we'll go and fix this."

"That's the problem," Alisa panted. Exactly as she'd said, her body was crying out for her to fuck this woman who shared her curse, to fill her more and more as they grew, "I don't know if I can stop."

"Me neither," Bianca admitted, then added, "Not alone anyway." She leaned in close, pressing her forehead to Alisa's much like a feline would. Her breath washed across the futa's skin, warm and soothing yet filled with lust, "We'll beat it together."

"I don't think it works..." Her words died on her tongue as Bianca kissed her, lips encapsulating everything that she could want to say. Even so, Bianca pulled back shortly after.

"For better or worse, we'll be together," Bianca declared.

Alisa didn't know where the courage came from, much less how she even spoke the words in the face of her overriding desire, "Will you marry me?"

Silence hovered between them. It shuddered against the constant drops of Bianca's milk against the ground and the primal beat of their hearts. Neither breathed in that moment, seemingly stretching it out into an entire hour.

Alisa had contemplated the possibility for weeks. Here was a beautiful, kind woman who didn't care that she was a futa, rather, she loved the fact. Most men would be crazy not to at least think of popping the question, regardless of how long they'd been going out for. She wasn't lost to how fast - ridiculous even - this was. And yet, she'd said the words and Bianca was taking them in.

"What kind of proposal is that?" Bianca eventually exhaled, "Most people drop to one knee. You? You just pop it on me when I'm straddling your giant dick."

"Y-yeah," Alisa murmured and lowered her head. That basically equated to a 'no' in her mind. She couldn't fault Bianca for it. After all, they were still in college. Neither of them could legally drink, though Bianca's charms made that detail irrelevant, and they might even grow so big that normal lives became impossible.

"What date did you have in mind?"

"Huh?" Alisa was absolutely certain that she had never sounded so dumbfounded before in her life. Even her cock pulsed as if shocked. She gawked at Bianca, whose eyes glistened in the fiery sunlight that peered over the courtyard walls.

"We might not have that long, so... now?"

"You can't be serious?" Alisa rasped.

"Why not? I'm sure Judith's ordained. Or, uh, someone here who's conscious maybe?"

"You're serious?" Alisa's jaw fell low until it felt like it might brush the floor. Or sink into the inescapable depths of Bianca's cleavage.

"I am," Bianca nodded, "If I weren't, I'd be humping you until one of our pelvises broke."

Alisa's cock twitched once more, "It'd probably be yours."

"Yeah, wouldn't complain though," Bianca giggled and reignited the earlier kiss, tongue slithering in to tangle with Alisa's. They swirled together and explored the other's abode, leftovers of Alisa's cum decorated their orifices, thick and slimy as it clung to their tongues. 

"I... think that's a great idea," Sister Judith groaned from nearby, weakly raising a hand. Alisa glanced in her direction without breaking the kiss that fed her foolishly wonderful desires to fuck Bianca, and to marry her. What little sense of sanity remained close to her thoughts, stealthily crawled away from the light of consciousness, thus leaving the path clear for her lust to take hold.

"Wanna celebrate?" Alisa panted in her dwindling moment of lucidity.

Bianca tilted her face down as though contemplating the query. It was only a joke. Alisa read it on her lover's half-hidden face, in the way her cheeks were raised, and felt it through her body, savouring the sudden plush tightness that gripping her monolithic penis. She reached up and tilted Bianca's chin to face her once more.

Above them, above everything, the sun cast its radiance without judgement. It represented the closest thing to a god on Earth, despite being so far away, and yet it paled in Alisa's eyes. The only light she needed came from the woman in her arms, whose lips were parted in harsh, airy breaths and whose eyes were wide with unrepentant need. In those eyes, Alisa gave into her own crushing urges.

Their lips melded together and separated, only to clash once more. Deep, husky groans filled Alisa's ears, the sounds a mix of her own rumbling voice and Bianca's. Nothing held them at bay anymore. Not for that moment of their existence. Alisa groped at every inch of her lover's colossal bust, the pressure ushered forth a heavy flow of lactate that gushed across the defiled stone, before she gripped a pair of huge, soft handles. They squished between her small fingers like sponge.

Bianca's voracious moans vibrated deep within her chest against Alisa's own petite form. The overly endowed futa gripped her nipples tighter, milk pouring from them with every squeeze, as she pulled her tight. Details of their surroundings turned to a smear; sounds became indefinable, scents collapsed into a single aura, the breeze meant nothing as it deflected against their naked skin, and all they tasted was each other's spit and Alisa's seed. They couldn't be happier to fall into each other.

Alisa rolled her hips with the hungry motions of her lips. All her senses were turned inward, fixated on how... good everything felt. Her balls ached deliciously from their fullness, and her cock twitched and drooled in desire for the pussy that ground against its base. Oh, that pussy. Alisa wriggled a hand between Bianca's extreme breasts to find her crotch.

So wet, Alisa thought and pressed harder into her girlfriend. Rather, her fiancée. The sudden change in title only made her want Bianca more, to prove that it wasn't simply a spur of the moment, that she meant everything to her. That their relationship meant everything to her.

More than finishing college. More than stopping this curse. More than her own life. No, she amended. She cherished her life dearly, because it belonged to Bianca now.

Alisa slowed the ravenous kissing and let her eyes peek open slightly to find Bianca's own warmth gazing back at her. They separated with a reluctant smack of the lips, lavish strings of their thick, murky saliva bridged the small gap between them, then broke as Alisa spoke, "I need you."

"Cowgirl?"

"Then reverse later?" Alisa added.

Bianca smirked at her, gorgeous with her spit smeared chin and cheeks, "And doggy to finish it all off."

"How many times do you think we'll cum?" Alisa inquired as Bianca kicked her leg off the futa's majestic cock, letting her lay back on the cock-slime ridden ground. By some miracle, or through sheer power that her prick had developed, her member stood upright like a glorious pillar. Her eyes spent a moment taking it in, travelling along the different veins like she was trying to escape a maze. The only end that she could find, though, was the pinnacle of her shaft. An angry-purple head that added at least another inch of girth.

At the very least. In truth, she couldn't estimate how big it was compared to the rest of her length. Her eyes strayed the moment Bianca made the slightest move, which brought her huge curves jiggling back into perspective. She glanced between her shaft and loved one, astonished at the few inches that separated their height.

And Bianca would take that inside of her? She'd stretch her pussy and belly around it like a human condom. Every logical facet that compiled to form Alisa's conscious mind screamed that she would rip Bianca apart, or swell her up with cum until she burst. She silenced it.

Sister Judith had come out fine. Exhausted, but fine. Why should Bianca's fate be any different?

"We might have to get airlifted out of here," Bianca interrupted her thoughts with a light giggle. She patted the side of Alisa's pillar and lingered there, eyes fixated on how it swayed under her touch, "But we've got another problem."

"Oh, yeah," Alisa flushed as she realised her cock had grown much too big for Bianca to ride it. Just as she used to, after Alisa sat through test upon test and wanted nothing more than to relax. Bianca knew exactly how to soothe her.

"Don't worry, Liz," Bianca cooed and, following a turgid vein, ran her hand down the tumescent length until she couldn't reach any further, "Pull it down toward you."

"Okay," Alisa heaved her cock toward her chest. It tilted up from her petite bust, unrestrainable, and continued to spit thick, slimy threads of pre-cum. Bianca, then, walked out of sight past her head. The futa bit her lip at the revelation of her lover's plan. A deep, unfeminine groan roared within her chest, one that pined for Bianca to hurry yet also for her to savour every moment.

"Yeah," Bianca moaned softly, breathless in her own excitement no doubt, "This'll be perfect."

"Yes, you are," Alisa murmured, almost dreamily. Something hot and moist, soft and puffy pressed into her spongy tip. She craned her head back to watch, eyes and lips wide in enamoured wonder. Weak gusts of her breath parted coolly around her still wet cock, passing delicious shudders through her. They grew heavier and stronger and longer as soaked folds separated against her tip, spread around it, engulfed it and squeezed it.

Such a sight should've been reserved for gods. Bianca's face was obscured from view, her huge round buttocks filled Alisa's gaze instead, yet it was no less tantalising. The body of her lover screamed sex in amounts of excess. Bianca had her hands lodged deep into her ass cheeks, between which Alisa saw the woman's gently puckered anus and, more importantly, her impossibly elastic cunt.

"It's so big," Bianca moaned, unseen yet heard as if she whispered into Alisa's ear. She pushed back further, harder, to stretch her already taut folds to their absolute limit. There was no 'easing' into such penetration. Alisa was huge from her cock's zenith, to its pit. And yet, almost in spite of that, Bianca opened slowly and smoothly. Her pussy lips turned thin around the watermelon-sized head.

Slick lines of drool seeped from either side of Alisa's mouth. Her parents had owned various pieces of 'art', all supposedly praised for their beauty. And they paled to the gorgeously lewd sight that drew, slipping across her length, nearer and nearer. Thick rungs of Bianca's musky juices drooled from her snatch and over Alisa's prick.

"Deep..." Bianca gasped, though she didn't seem aware of her words, "Fill me up... so deep."

She slowly squatted lower and released her ass as she shuffled backward. The delectably rotund cheeks wetly clapped against Alisa's cock. Pre-cum and pussy juice quickly smeared across the flesh, which slid against the futa's pulsating cock as it sank further, as if to proxy a tit fuck.

Is Bianca big enough to do that? Alisa wondered, then forgot as her lover stumbled, her sopping cunt gliding to a slow stop directly overhead, so close that the futa could almost taste it on her tongue. Bianca's clit was fully engorged, its hood peeled back to expose the sensitive nub. Just a little closer and Alisa could kiss it. Suck it. Yet the tiny ball of nerves remained out of reach.

The sensations, however, more than satisfied her. Alisa could only guess at the pleasure that permeated Bianca's body, that made her strained walls squeeze and flutter violently, but her own burgeoning ecstasy was far from a mystery.

In a typical case, the larger the surface area, the less condensed the nerve-endings were. Such was the reason that big boobs were, in actuality, far from ideal for a sexual person. Alisa had no such problem with her cock. Every inch was as sensitive as ever, if not more so. Like her nerves had doubled, no, tripled to account for every foot she'd gained. And Bianca's cunt made her feel everything.

Every slight ripple against her shaft and head. Every trickle of their juices. Every slight crevice in Bianca's canal. Every beat of her heart.

Alisa released her cock from her arms and clapped her hands on Bianca's ass. Freed, her prick jerked and nearly uplifted Bianca, were it not for Alisa's tight grip. Her delicate hands were insignificant by comparison. She massaged the giant mounds, squeezing them around her broad shaft and pulling Bianca lower.

The impaled woman's thighs saturated her peripheral view. Thick and juicy, beautifully sculpted as if from her deepest fantasies. Alisa leaned up as Bianca descended, to finally clasp her lips around her love's clit. She suckled on it and moaned at the sounds of pleasure from above. Slowly, Alisa lapped her tongue across the tiny nub while Bianca continued to slide back. The pressure of her stomach stretching brought Alisa's attention upwards.

Bianca's belly had lost all of its own definition. The slight divot of her belly button was gone, replaced by the throbbing labyrinth of veins and a bell-shaped peak, which occasionally bulged as pre-cum shot forth. Her heaving tits framed the bulge, hugging it tight between their enormity. It surged greater with Alisa's pounding lust.

"How's the view?" Bianca's voice roused Alisa from her trance. She tilted her head far back, hoping to see Bianca's beautiful face, yet her vision was eclipsed by her peerless dick, wreathed in her fiancée's unbreakable skin, that stretched far beyond their heads.

"Could be better," Alisa rasped.

"I was talking about my pussy, Liz," Bianca chuckled, her musical joy drifted through Alisa's ears and coaxed the same from her lips. She lowered her gaze back to Bianca's strained snatch, and she watched as sloppy rivers all but gushed from her. Gravity demanded that they fall and land on Alisa's skin in thick, slimy ropes. As Bianca slid lower, her flushed, tightly stretched folds oozed another dollop. It landed in Alisa's belly button, overflowing it in an instant such was the quantity.
