 Author's Note: Plot chapter this time around. This is the penultimate chapter for the story. The final chapter (?) comes out next month.

***

"Everyone will see," Alisa grumbled and picked at the strained fabric around her crotch. Beside her, Bianca turned and modelled in front of a mirror, less concerned with being seen than how she was seen.

"Can't help it, babe," Bianca said. She pulled at the helm of the black dress to try and cover the bottoms of her breasts, an attempt which failed.

They stood in a small room, still housed by the church. Stale grey walls surrounded them all sides, bare save for the lone cross over the chipped door. A single bed sat tucked into a corner and squeaked at the slightest weight. Across from it, stood a single wardrobe, home to a myriad of habits and dresses in different sizes. This was the 'layover' room, where passing nuns or women in need could stay temporarily.

For one person, it provided an adequate space and turned cosy for two 'normal' people. For the two cursed teens, they struggled to move without knocking into one another. Bianca alone consumed half the area with her fantastical breasts and mountainous ass cheeks, both of which stretched her borrowed dresses - as one failed to cover her curves - to their boundaries. Swift movements elicited a slight groan from the fabric.

Alisa sat on the bed with a huff. A similar problem plagued her, though not nearly as dire as her girlfriend's predicament. One dress sufficed for the petite futa, more than enough if she was at her 'normal' size, but hints of her pale skin peeked through the black threads around her crotch. Curled around her tremendous testes, her purple head peered through her foreskin.

"What'd you think?" Bianca asked and wobbled to a stop before Alisa, stunning hips cocked expectantly.

"Amazing," the futa replied, gaze locked to her lover with a trepidatious adoration. At this size, there could be no future for them, or none that Alisa ever imagined for herself, yet she loved it. How could she not? She loved Bianca with all her being, before the curse, and now she worshipped her.

"I meant if you think we won't get arrested," Bianca said and leaned down to peck her on the forehead. Her breasts filled Alisa's lap, so soft and warm that she wanted nothing more than to sink into them.

Bianca's breasts rested at her mid-thighs when she stood. Alone, such a size would satisfy any breast enthusiast, yet her glorious mass came second to the shape. Alisa recalled them in perfect quality, having stared at the set enough that she could draw them with her eyes closed.

Their weight pulled her nipples down into a naturalistic shape, yet she remained too perky for such a description. Her breasts swelled like balloons in all directions, devouring her arms and outstripping her shoulders by entire feet. The hyper-endowed girl's nipples had grown in tandem, her areolae akin to dinner plates and her nipples resembled a pair of rigid cocks. They were ten inches each by Alisa's estimate.

"It's not far," Alisa reminded her. She tilted her head back and offered her lips. Bianca's met hers in a tender touch and drifted away too soon. "Today's the day." Alisa added under her breath.

"Let's go kick some gypsy ass," Bianca smirked. Her dark eyes twinkled in the faint light from the window, mischief and lust entangled into a glistening pool. 

"We're trying to reason with her," Alisa rolled her eyes and stood. She paused, hand on Bianca for support. Cum sloshed within her balls, heavy against the organic walls and threatening to pull her forward and over, "Not beat her up."

"I know, I know," Bianca waved off her words, "Just saying, push comes to shove, I don't mind using a little force."

"Sure," Alisa thinned her eyes and shook her head. She took Bianca's hand, held it tight and savoured how warm she felt, how close she stood, how strong she appeared. What happened didn't change one of their futures. They might grow bigger than the church around them, or perhaps the city itself, but Alisa knew, on a level that she couldn't hope to explain, they wouldn't be apart.

She shuffled to stand against Bianca's mammoth mammaries and swung her arms around her neck, pulling her down, "For better or for worse, we'll be together, won't we?"

"No gypsy could get me away from you," Bianca said and closed the distance. A gentle heat blossomed across Alisa's face and seeped lower, spreading across her body, saturating it in comfort. Not lust. She grinned and parted their lips. Better safe than sorry, she thought despite the sigh that escape her.

The door creaked open behind them, "Sorry," Sister Judith peeked inside, "Hope I'm not interrupting."

"I, uh," Alisa turned from Bianca, "No. You weren't." She flushed as the nun stepped in, clean and refined as she was when Alisa first met her; habit neatly placed atop her head and long, flowing dress free of wrinkles and her kind face set into a smile. A whole separate image from the lewd sight she embodied yesterday.

"Good to hear. I doubt we have enough dresses if you two get any bigger," the sister chuckled. She has a point, Alisa thought. Aside from doors and being in public, their clothing options were restricted. Bianca's more so. Shoes and stockings, some gloves and a hat, since she refused to be seen in a poncho, and Alisa doubted any store stocked clothes designed to fit over boobs bigger than yoga balls. Much less a pair of pants that would miraculously hide her own cock.

"How's everyone doing?" Alisa asked. Her cheeks flared at the memory.

She and Bianca had undoubtedly given the monastery a grand show. No one could forget seeing a girl of five feet ramming her girlfriend, who stood over a foot taller, with a dick bigger than either of them. Or Bianca's outrageous curves. Her breasts squished into the cum-layered floor and her ass jiggled with every thrust into her cavernous pussy. Like beasts, they had rutted with another. The fact that their audience watched with rapt attention made it all the better.

Their audience had soon gotten involved. Alisa bit back a moan at the phantom sensation of tongues and hands and pussies that were once on her skin. They had gone everywhere. Half a dozen went to her balls. They hugged, kissed, massaged and licked them, behaving as long-lost lovers would. Someone had even found Alisa's pussy amongst the enormous piles of ball flesh, and another went for her untouched asshole. 

Others chose to service her cock as it pulled free from Bianca's cunt. She wasn't alone in being serviced, of course. Bianca hadn't been without her own devotees. Several had swollen up again from drinking so much milk.

Neither she nor Bianca could recall how much they came.

A shudder passed through Alisa at the idea of how massive she was now. Her flaccid size did a disservice to her erection, and her balls hinted at what she could do. Her crotch alone had to weigh over a hundred pounds, yet, if not for the sheer scale, she remained oblivious. What should have required a bodybuilder's physique, she did without effort. The momentum posed an issue, one that she could handle.

"Better," Sister Judith's own cheeks deepened to a hot crimson, "Though some have, ah... they're faith has been, shall we say, changed."

"Sorry," Alisa mumbled and lowered her chin.

The nun laughed and clapped a hand on her shoulder, "Don't be, dear. They couldn't be happier."

"I thought you'd be furious," Alisa said, blinking at the response, "I might've turned a convent into a den of-of sluts, uh... sorry."

"Another believer might've wanted your head on a pike," Sister Judith mused, "But I am me. The girls aren't harming anyone, nor are they unhappy. I say, 'let them be'." Alisa pondered the nun, astonished by her decision. She wasn't about to argue against it, for fear of what retribution the Sister might take. 

"You should really sue Hollywood," Bianca chipped in, "They always portray you girls as cruel and strict."

"Yes, I'll have them portray as we were yesterday," Judith replied dryly.

"Sounds great," Bianca said and rested her head on Alisa's, "I think we'd better get going. I don't even want to imagine how long it's gonna take to move around like this."

"Please," Alisa snarked, "Try and think about me." She made a sweeping gesture to her rotund crotch, which stretched out over a foot from her hips on all sides. Her struggle with doors didn't compare to Bianca's, whose hips squished and became lodged in the frame without proper care, though she was forced to slip through at an angle. 

"Don't worry, everyone will be too busy staring at me," Bianca twirled Alisa around, so their cursed bodies were pressed tight, warmth fuelling the other's, "Can't have anyone staring at my wife."

"To be," Alisa corrected and leaned into her fiancée, "And I never pegged you for the jealous type."

"With a dick as big as yours, I'll be clawing bitches away with both hands. Maybe my feet too. And my teeth. Think I could get a sword or something?"

"Stop," Alisa laughed, "You know I'm yours. And only yours."

"Damn right," Bianca said and tilted her head low, until her voluptuous lips pressed into Alisa's ear to whisper, "I love you." Alisa hugged her tight, face buried in her bosom. The soothing rhythm of her lover's heart sang to her, its palpitations like soft notes on a cello. She could face anything with this beautiful woman at her side, even the outside world.

It was a Saturday. Why did it have to be the weekend? Why not a weekday? People go out on the Saturday, they meander through shops and streets, until they find something worth doing. On this day, when Alisa and Bianca had to leave the hallow sanctuary, that something became obvious.

"You sure the car won't work?" Alisa whispered. They stood under the archway, staring down at the sidewalk at the foot of a short set of stairs. No one was around. Yet. The church was in a dilapidated neighbourhood, ripe with degenerates. Few ventured outside without a car.

"Sweetie, we're both too big to fit in there," Bianca said.

"What about one of the nuns?" Alisa pointed out.

"Oh, I can't drive, dear," Sister Judith shook her head, "And the others are, well... they're busy cleaning up the courtyard." On cue, they heard a faint squeal of delight and a splash that didn't seem appropriate for 'cleaning'.

"Right," Alisa said curtly. 

"I'll distract everyone, don't worry," Bianca said and gripped her hand.

"Uh huh," Alisa exhaled, then inhaled. She couldn't turn back. This was a rare window of opportunity, one she doubted would present itself again. Her cock pulsed, a faint beat for the moment, and cum churned within her scrotum. How long until she lost control again? A couple of hours? Minutes?

"Let's go," she said.

Sunlight bathed the local shopping district. Glistening streaks broke through where they could, illuminating swirls of dust as they broke from the ground, or highlighting the vibrant colours of the various stores. Or, to Alisa's dismay, they acted as a spotlight for all eyes to follow. Once they did, they wouldn't look anywhere else.

She shuffled behind Bianca, whose assets wobbled akin to great, heaping spheres of jelly. What a view, Alisa thought. The dresses that pretended to be clothes girded her curves, but they were a poor substitute. Her breasts pulled the top dress flush against her shoulder-blades, stretched so far that it couldn't reach any lower. The lower garment was wrapped around her waist and did no better a job than the upper one.

If not for the gawking and muttering masses, she would've enjoyed the spectacular sight.

"Sorry," Bianca said for the umpteenth time. Someone, a man, mumbled a hasty apology and stepped aside. As Alisa passed him, her fingers tight around Bianca's hand, she caught him gawking at her lover's ass. His gaze drifted to her body, a distinct change from Bianca's voluptuous shape. Then he spotted her crotch and the enormous mass she possessed. The colour drained from his face.

Alisa hunched her shoulders and kept her chin down. The ground wasn't judgemental. Cracked and caked in dirt, yes, but not judgemental. Yet her curiosity demanded her to look around at the stunned faces, at the sneering teenagers, at the disproving mothers, at the baffled doctor, at her ex-girlfriend. She froze in place.

"Hm? What is it?" Bianca asked. The futa said nothing and stared across the road, where a tall girl with blue-hair stood, also frozen.

"Alisa?!" They called, waving to her.

"It's Karen. My ex," Alisa mumbled, as her former girlfriend sprinted over to them.

"I thought I recognised you," Karen said, coming to a stop in front of the pair, "Despite the, uh, changes." Her eyes zeroed in on Alisa's captivating cock, its shape vivid against her loaned dress.

She hadn't changed in the slightest in the four years since they parted. Sky-blue hair shaved on one side, long and full on the other. It contrasted her mismatched green and yellow eyes, a result from an early head injury, and thick eyelashes. Her full lips glistened in their purple lipstick.

"Hi, Karen," Alisa smiled despite herself and glanced at Bianca, pleading for her to do something. Anything. Karen followed the look to Bianca.

"Oh, hey-whoa!" Karen's eyes swelled to saucers as she took in Bianca's figure. She looked back to Alisa, "Babe, you hit the jackpot."

"Yeah," Alisa shrank behind her lover, a task both easy and impossible with their respective curses. She recognised the look in Karen's eyes. Curiosity. Few things could distract Karen when she found something of interest to her. And someone with such an outrageous figure, one that even Karen's curves couldn't match, was bound to catch her attention.

"So, what's with," Karen waved her hand around Alisa's crotch, "This?"

"Something we're about to fix," Bianca answered and resumed her stride, Alisa in tow. Karen strolled beside them, long legs and manageable curves outmatching Bianca's pace.

"Aw, but she's so big now," Karen giggled, "You should've seen it before. She only had, like, five inches. Which was fine, but, c'mon, it's not gonna get the job done. Know what I mean?"

"What're you doing here, Karen?" Alisa demanded. Part of her wanted to ask how Karen was so calm, so accepting of what she saw, but she pushed it aside. The faster this conversation moved, the better.

"Harsh. I'm visiting my grandma. Anyway, what happened? You never said."

"Allergic reaction," Bianca snapped. Alisa saw it on her face, a hardness that came from annoyance. She knew the reason. Karen's presence in and of itself was cause for alarm, more so when she spoke. Her words, though friendly, carried an edge beneath the surface. Some were blinded by her apparent demeanour, others caught on within moments. For Alisa, she needed an entire year to peel back the layers.

"Yeah, right," Karen said, "Alisa doesn't have any. Believe me, I checked."

They rounded a corner and paused. Bianca pulled out the address from a pocket in her lower dress and turned to Alisa, "Think that's the place?" She pointed to a rundown building across the street, wedged between two apartment complexes.

It looked to have been built in the early twentieth century, an eyesore against the modern architecture. Ivy crawled up the walls and the windows were shattered. How such a place hadn't been condemned was beyond Alisa's comprehension. No passers-by spared it a glance, as if blind to the structure's existence. She, Bianca and Karen were the sole individuals who seemed aware of it.

"Oh, you guys were looking for my grandma?" Karen asked and glanced between them, "What?"

"Your grandma's a gypsy?" Alisa blurted, scowling at her ex.

"Well, yeah. Why do you think I had all that voodoo stuff?" In the back of her mind, Alisa fretted over the response. Karen shouldn't know they were aware of her heritage, or where her grandmother lived.

She ignored the unnerving reaction and continued, "So, you know about curses and all that stuff?"

"Please, you don't get a body like mine without some meddling," Karen laughed, "I thought you guys were her handiwork. She loves sexual curses." She said and looked them over once more, though she passed across Bianca as if she were judging an unremarkable piece of brass next to a diamond that was Alisa. 

"Then you can get her to undo it," Bianca said.

"Nope," Karen shook her head and danced in front of them, hands clasped behind her back and lips tilted into a grin, "She's a stubborn old bat." Her features remained immobile, as if sculpted to resemble the Cheshire Cat, an expression without focus. Did she intend mischief or was she amused by the situation?

"Please?" Alisa stepped from behind her lover, "Can you try? For old time's sake?"

"I can put in a good word," Karen shrugged and resumed her path to the miserable building, "But I'm not sticking my neck out for you. Last thing I need is for her to use one of those curses on me. I will say that she loves a bargain." She stepped inside with a short wave, leaving the two in their uncertainty.

"This can't bode well," Bianca said.

"Yeah," Alisa nodded, "She's not the type to take this stuff well." Pimples rose across her skin, up her arms and legs while a quiver passed along her spine. Karen had a vengeful side few people saw, those that did, often wanted to forget. It would be easy to write it off. What was the worse she could do after all? Stalk someone, a restraining order fixed that, or send threatening letters, call the cops... no, she always did something Alisa thought was just pure karma.

Those that wronged her became impotent. Hideous. Mentally retarded. Or worse.

Alisa gripped Bianca's dress so tight she thought her nails would tear it. Karen had broke up with her, which she now realised was a blessing, but she wasn't above sabotaging Alisa's future relationships. Or her attempts at them, at least. She gulped at the mere recollection.

Any girl that gave her their number, or who she hung out with met the same fate as those from before. As if they had personally wronged Karen by approaching Alisa. They'd give any reason possible not to be near Alisa after they met. One girl's number didn't even work after Karen was through with her. She shuddered at the idea of what could've happened.

She thought Karen had stopped after she moved into the dorms, two towns over. Alisa hadn't seen or heard from her since, and Bianca didn't mention any incidents. 

"You don't think she got her grandma to do this, do you?" Bianca asked.

"I-I wouldn't put it past her," Alisa answered, "Come on, we don't have long." She placed a hand on her oversized crotch. A visceral rumble and pulsation met her touch.

"Right, yeah. This'll be easy," Bianca said and straightened her back, pushing her chest out further, "We have a chat, plead our case, get the curse removed, go home and fuck."

Alisa giggled and slid her hand into Bianca's, "Sounds like a great plan." She reached up and pulled her down into a kiss, savouring the plushness of Bianca's lips and the taste of her breath and her scent. Their mouths opened for one another. Alisa poked her tongue against her lover's, before she retreated. A promise for later, she thought.

They strode up to the building and stood at the doorstep. Like everything else, the door had seen better days. Chips of wood splintered across its frame and the stone footing sprouted weeds. Its handle had long since rusted, and the knocker laid on the ground, broken and forgotten. Alisa leaned into Bianca and reached for the knob. There'd be no turning back once it opened, she thought. Her balls rumbled as her stomach would, eager to get off.

Bianca's hand clasped the handle over hers. They shared a grateful smile and pushed it open. Rusted hingers squealed in response.

Inside the should-be condemned building, it both met and exceeded their expectations. Alisa anticipated cracked walls with jagged holes through them, perhaps a broken pipe jutting through the ceiling and dripping sewage everywhere. If someone was living there, then it had to have running water and electricity or gas. Would it reek of dust and disuse?
