 Author's Note: This takes place after chapter 11 and is an alternate route of what could've happened. This gets insane, I'd recommend checking the tags.

*****

Something surrounded all her senses. It squished against her skin, covering nearly every inch in a plushness few pillows could compare to, while clouding her sinuses in a sweet haze. She opened her eyes to a sea of pink, illuminated in a cascade of dazzling sunlight, and propped her head up. Something long, thick and delicious popped free from her lips. A cavalcade of white drops fell from her, landing upon the mountain on which she laid.

"Where...?" Alisa frowned. She raised herself further, pushing on the landscape. At its centre stood a pillar, one painted a deep shade of pink, covered in slight ridges, from which a sweet-scented white fluid streamed. It looked about one-foot long. The base circled it in a lighter shade and spread out to the size of dinner plates, and appeared raised into a semi-sphere. Slight folds around the tower indicated that it could retract. Though she saw no sign of it happening.

"Hey," Bianca said. Alisa searched for her lover's voice, scanning the fleshy landscape. She leaned against it, almost upright, and couldn't properly see over the crest, "One sec." Bianca grunted and the massive sphere shifted to the side. The futa yelped as she fell forward. A set of hands caught her shoulders, holding her head level to a visage spoken of in legends. Yet they failed to do it justice.

"Hey," Alisa chuckled. She was lowered until her lips met Bianca's. Their chests echoed one another's lurid joy at reuniting, uncaring that they were never truly separated. As she lost herself in Bianca, Alisa's lower body surged with lust. She noticed the unsettling weight there and rocked her hips against her lover's body. Moisture gushed across her length.

How big was she now? Ten feet? Twelve?

The futa pressed a hand between their bodies to find her crotch. Bianca moaned, reciprocating her undulations, and added her own hand to the search. They met at her crotch, finding the slender beginning to Alisa's herculean cock. The two deepened their kiss, tongues snaking out in search of the other's throat. Saliva drooled from their lips and across their chins, while their fingers traced veins leading from Alisa's sleek frame.

"Oh god," Alisa rasped once she came free. A bridge of spit connected them. Hot, semen-scented breaths merged together.

"We, uh... might've gone too far," Bianca chuckled. They pulled apart to stand and take stock of their growth. Neither recalled how far they went before, how many orgasms they'd forced upon each other, how bad they'd caved to their bliss.

"Y-yeah," Alisa said as she shuffled back to stand half-a-dozen feet away. She gawked as her eyes traced across her shaft, tracking its length to where Bianca stood and beyond. Her mind cracked into gear, running estimations, desperate to quantify her enormity.

"Isn't it beautiful?" An unfamiliar voice asked. She turned to its source and realised where she was. The church courtyard. Every inch of floor was hidden in a layer of cum, still hot and gooey, while the walls and pillars dripped with more of the stuff. She couldn't make out any of the intricate design work she'd appreciated before. And, stood in a doorway, she saw a naked woman.

"Who're you?" Alisa inquired.

"Jessica. I am... was a nun here. We all were," Jessica explained, stepping out into the jizz-stained courtyard. A small horde followed her. Alisa recognised some faces from her time there, including that of Sister Judith. Most were naked. The rest wore their habits and little else. One sported a series of latex straps across her body, lifting and girding her curves, with a pair of fishnet stockings on her legs. She, somehow, came off sexier than the rest.

"What happened?" Bianca asked next.

"You guys did," Judith answered. She, and the others, strode over to, and leaned against Alisa's cock. They sighed and brought one hand between their legs, muscles rippling as they sinned, "Specifically, Alisa."

"Me?" Alisa stared at the entourage. Each were covered in seed, hair matted and skin crusted in the viscous goo, clearly unwashed. Yet none seemed preoccupied by it. Rather, they appeared to relish it.

The former sister grinned, "Yes."

"You fucked us all," Jessica continued. She came to Alisa's tip, what had to be a whole ten feet away, and embraced it. A startled moan slipped from the futa's mouth. Others ground their bodies against the shaft. Some climbed atop it and straddled her girth, rubbing their dripping pussies into her.

"Shattered our faith," Judith groaned, "What else were we to do but pledge ourselves to you?"

"Leave?" Alisa offered.

"Not a chance," another nun said, "We couldn't go back to normal sex after this. Much less abstinence."

"Besides," Judith giggled. She removed her hand from her pussy and placed it on her belly, "We're all going to carry your child, Alisa."

"I, uh..." Alisa looked to Bianca and froze. Her cock leapt, causing a ripple effect of laughter amongst her fanatics. She didn't glance at them, captivated by her girlfriend. The futa thought she'd grown accustomed to outrageous sizes, whether in the form of her monumental cock or Bianca's hypnotising figure. This, however, overwhelmed her.

From the bicep down, Bianca was invisible. Regardless of what angle Alisa tried to view her from, she could only make out her lover's feet and a hint of her ankles. All else was obscured, consumed in the enormous, sensual curves of her breasts. They swelled from her chest, an elegant expansion from her slender shoulders to the humble beginnings, before taking a rapid turn. Greater and greater she ballooned. Her nipples took the place of her knees, slightly downturned under their weight.

And yet, out from her sides, Bianca's hips peeked at the futa. Alisa licked her suddenly dry lips. She hadn't even looked to her girlfriend... her fiancée's face, to the blatant hue of lust smouldering within her eyes, an echo of Alisa's own. The futa pushed forward, dragging her giant balls and cock across the cum-encrusted stone floor. Her movements hastened as something shoved against her sack. She glanced back.

Her balls had expanded beyond human comprehension. A perfect match to her unfathomable cock. Each orb looked fit to carry a full-grown man inside, rising high to stand level with her waist. Faint veins meandered beneath the flexible skin, like a fine web holding her together. Every inch of space was occupied by cum. It churned and thickened, piling trillions upon trillions of sperm into each drop.

And to encourage this, a pair of nuns ground their bodies into the massive spheres. Her balls squished under their weight, folds of skin moved with their hands. Sweat clung to her skin, leaving a glistening sheen where her flesh touched the nuns'. They caught her eye and bowed beneath it, lowering their heads to kiss her testicles. More, the two licked and suckled upon them, bathing the hulking masses in their spit.

Alisa paused and sighed at their attention. One, a mousy brunette, clambered atop her ball and straddled it, pressing her weeping cunt against the skin. Another nun replaced her, resuming the tongue bath even as pussy juice trickled down the skin. The other seemed happy to hold her position, moaning fervently as she worked.

"That's nice," Alisa cooed and leaned back onto her magnificent sack. The nun on top scooted over and leaned down, offering her slight breasts. She ignored the offer, fixing her eyes on Bianca once again. Pre-cum gushed from her cock, poured over the dried jizz and nuns who got in its path and set to work on flooding the courtyard once more. The trio of nuns at her balls heard this and worked harder. A fourth joined her sister up top, working her own prolific juices into the boulders below.

"Tastes so good," one moaned around a mouthful of skin, suckling the sweat, spit and cum from its tiny crevices. The other nodded as she forced her face deep into a fold, snorting up the fluids instead. Their kin panted from up high, egging one another on as their thighs clenched and pussies drooled.

Alisa remained fixated on Bianca. Were they too far gone? She wondered and glanced to the doors, certain they'd be stuck in them. Her, because of the monumental testes, and Bianca because of the yoga balls on her chest. Walking around would be a torment in itself. And clothes, she thought, they couldn't possibly fit in anything. She'd need to get soft too.

And to do that, she'd need to cum. And cum. And cum again.

Would there be a difference by then? Her flaccid cock at that stage would match a Burmese Python, or would it be an anaconda, given her unending growth. It'd drag behind her unless bundled into a cramped ball. And her balls, she thought with a mental groan. Without a crane, they too would drag everywhere regardless of what else she tried.

They were beyond the point of return. Blinded by pleasure, they had rutted their way across the thin line between hope and defeat, then kept going without concern. The threshold vanished beneath their growing forms, drowned by a torrent of milk and cum, crushed under Bianca's breasts and Alisa's balls, and eviscerated by the inferno of their lust. What else was there to do but enjoy it?

"Anca," Alisa said and turned her hips to budge her lover with the monumental phallus she now possessed. Any need for words faded into the aether. Their lusts spoke - screamed - to one another, howling like cats in heat. A torrent of crystalline fluid distilled the cum around Bianca's feet as she rushed to Alisa's peak. The girl's curves swayed and jiggled with each cumbersome step.

"They're going to grow," someone said. Their words carried to another, and another, before all the nuns gathered were moaning them, as though praying for it. Unnecessary. Alisa's entire body craved it. The left side of her brain existed as a mousy voice in the deepest, darkest, soundproofed corner of her mind, while the right half buried itself under an avalanche of lust. In the absence of logic and any other desire, she had one decision.

As did Bianca, who finally answered, "This is it, right?"

Alisa forced a smile, "It's over..."

"Isn't it?" Bianca completed. The two shared a grin as the girl, whose curves could fill out a million flat chests and still have plenty to spare, turned and bent over. Her breasts squished into the ground as her ass shoved any nearby nuns away. The cheeks of her rear curved out from her spine like a pair of muffins, stretching from their humble beginnings at her waist into the broad, matronly topography. Alisa moaned and her cock lurched as the molten heat from Bianca's cunt neared.

The futa leaned forward and stroked her member. It extended twice as far as she was tall and stretched even greater in girth. Its veins alone matched her arms in size. Along the bottom, a single, massive tube shaped, distended with the onslaught of pre-cum, line tracked the entire length, thinning at the head. Alisa glanced to the sides and watched as the nuns did their part in urging her toward a climax.

She turned her attention back to the front as Bianca's pussy met her engorged tip. Eleven feet away, her lover grasped her enormous ass and spread them apart, offering a perfect view of her plump, dripping cunt and the puckered star above it. She paused there and glanced back, mesmerising Alisa's gaze.

"Isn't it over?" Bianca inquired with a final smirk before she turned and bucked her hips. Both cried out. Alisa hugged her dick tight. Its veins boomed while her heart pounded, answering its call with a primal drum beat. She kept her eyes fixed to her fiancée, watching as her pussy, once full but tight-lipped, stretched thin. The pink turned white as she sank deeper. Bianca stopped as her lips enclosed Alisa's cock head.

"You've won," Alisa panted.

"And we chose you," Bianca continued.

"And I love you," both said, "And now we're gone."

Second after second passed as, inch by inch, Bianca shuffled her way back. She released her ass, letting the oversized cheeks smack against Alisa's cock. They caressed it as she sank deeper, soft as Bianca's tits. The girl's snatch clutched her dick, every slight crevice and bump pressed into her, while its walls palpitated. Moments later and Alisa met and broke through Bianca's cervix, bellowing out her stomach into the shape of a giant girl-cock. 

The swell distended further and spread out against the ground, following in the path of her mammoth mammaries. Pre-cum gushed into her with audible spurts, crashing into the walls of Bianca's uterus to join the ever-growing ocean within. Some leaked back into her pussy from the pressure and seeped out, mixed into her translucent juices. Whiteness clouded the viscous fluid.

Girls swarmed about the two. Alisa glimpsed them in her periphery and felt the quartet still on her balls. They pushed on Bianca's tits, squeezing barrels of milk onto the floor, and tugged on her legs. Lewd moans and gasps emanated from their helpers, each with one hand still buried in their pussies. Some switched regularly, coating Bianca in their own meagre juices.

Bianca's skin glistened in the morning sun. Its angle illuminated her in brilliance, highlighting the sheen of sweat and juices caked to her skin. Her ragged hair matted itself to her skin, drenched in a myriad of cum and specked in milky droplets. Alisa's thighs flexed as she pushed and pulled herself, fucking the love of her life with arduous thrusts. Each pull revealed a sleeve of pink from Bianca's cunt, offering the nuns a chance at tasting her properly, and ushered forth a torrent of their juices.

Pre-cum streamed through Alisa's length. The fat vein under her cock undulated with its flow, as though pushing it out of its own volition. Her hands and torso, miniscule by comparison, caressed her massive dick. Busty nuns traced their mounds across her sides, enticing her with a fraction of what Bianca's felt like, while others hugged what they could and stroked. Some dug their hands under folds of the thin layer of flesh. Others worked at the bulge through Bianca's belly.

She's so close, Alisa thought. A few feet still separated them. One more and she could grab the girl's legs, and drag her the rest of the way herself. Alisa's hands stretched toward her lover, fingers raking across her cock as Bianca inched nearer. Once they were together, she'd... They'd be completely gone.

A chance lingered before them. Someone could discover the proceedings and inform the authorities, something Alisa was sure would stop even their ridiculous libidos, or the nuns would come to their senses and stop them. Hopelessly slim chances, but possible all the same. Alisa watched her fiancée's cunt, stretched wider than an old oak tree, creep closer. Inches separated them.

"Hello?!"

Everyone jerked at the voice. The shock forced Bianca back half a foot. Alisa felt her skin on her hands and grabbed on instinct, wrapping the girl's ankles in her curse-augmented grip, then pulled. All hope slipped into nothingness, an abyss from which no existence could exist, not even the most abstract idea. Bianca whipped her head around, lips parted and chin tilted. Alisa followed her lead. Their mouths reunited in an unbreakable seal as they moaned.

"Is anyone... here?"

Alisa cracked an eye at the familiar noise. She glanced to the double doors that led into the cafeteria. Framed in a set of pillars holding the upper floors in place, a horrifying and welcome sight captivated Alisa. She leaned back from Bianca, who followed her gaze.

"M-Mom?" Alisa croaked. She was being watched by her mother. The ultimate embarrassment, one considered a turn off. Yet, it was those green eyes she'd inherited that triggered the zenith of pleasure for her. The futa pressed her face into Bianca's skin as she held her flush against her groin. An ominous rumble shook her balls as they swelled, stretching the loose folds of skin taut. Bianca arched her back and ground her hips into Alisa as they shrieked in bliss.

The futa's vision hazed over. Through bleary eyes, she saw a group of nuns approach her mother, who stood motionless with her stunned gaze looked to the vision of lurid insanity before her. Her clothes were stripped away, revealing a refined form. Pert breasts, deep pink nipples, a svelte waist and a set of hips befitting a mother. Few wrinkles marred her skin, enough to show her age.

A sharp jet of cum forced her eyes shut. Without sight, her mind zeroed in upon the pleasure, tracking every inch that her cum travelled, every flutter of Bianca's heartbeat through her pussy, and every explosion of mind addling ecstasy. She felt it all. Her jizz stretched her urethral tube wide, distending her cock as a whole, and set it ablaze. The juicy tide shoved free of her slit and drowned Bianca's womb.

Alisa's mind turned over and over, stressing how impossible the sensations were. For her seed to stretch her cum hole, something she believed should be bigger than her fist by then, the amount of sperm necessary was unfathomable. Yet it happened. Time and again. Her wife-to-be came as she was stretched by it, vocalising how heavy each load with her primal screams.

Not millions, not billions nor trillions of sperm occupied each spurt. Alisa's balls clenched as she decided even quadrillions might not be a high enough number. Her body produced more by the second, saturating Bianca in her swimmers. Any egg, fertile or not, didn't stand a chance.

Alisa's hips gave swift, jerky thrusts as she pictured the gorgeous imagery. Inside her womb, Bianca's eggs floated unawares to the oncoming flood. Others joined it, pushed out by her cursed craving for a massive litter. How many were there? A dozen? Two? More, Alisa decided. It was a party, only girls allowed. Which was why Alisa's potent futa-sperm founds its way inside.

Millions inundated the space at first. They were weak and benign, there solely to ease the incoming invasion. Then the real flood came. Alisa moaned and humped against her lover, pumping more inside. Septillions of sperm devoured their meek brethren, then turned to the eggs. Their fate was sealed within a second as the microscopic orbs were assailed, even those already inseminated.

Alisa's eyes burst open at her next explosion. She and Bianca were cursed to grow sexier with every orgasm, did that apply to their young? Were they cursed to fulfil their most basic of instincts? To breed the greatest litter known to mankind?

To swell their mother so huge she dwarfed even Alisa's cock?

... Yes.

Alisa giggled into her lover's skin as she prolonged their orgasms. Not a drop of cum leaked from Bianca's cunt, its walls and cervix so tight even air was locked out. Bianca burgeoned greater by the second. Both her breasts and stomach expanded from huge, to massive, to mountainous and beyond. Alisa's cock and balls followed suite, stretching even further.

"You're not done, are you?" Alisa later asked after her orgasm dwindled to nothing.

"Never," Bianca said, "There's still gotta be a few hundred eggs left." She placed a hand on her plateau of a stomach. It dwarfed her other curves, forcing her to sit atop Alisa's crotch and rest heavily upon the futa's enormous balls.

"Women are born with approximately two million eggs," Alisa said.

"Really?" Bianca blinked at the information and leaned against her belly. Her tits fell to either side of it, hugging the planetary sphere, while bellowing entire gallons of milk at the slightest touch.

"And this curse," Alisa continued as she massaged the shelf-like expanse of her lover's ass, "Is likely causing you to constantly ovulate dozens at a time."

"Even now?"

"I hope so."

"Then hurry up and get to work. I want to give birth to a million kids!" Bianca shrieked as her cunt clenched and her figure expanded once more.
