 Birds chirped and flew about overhead. The valley itself was rather serene and calm. Down below a village rested. One of many in the area. Donna Southen sat up from where she'd been leaning back on the largest of the three tanks. The Captain hadn't wanted to take them any further to the village. No sense in trampling over the fields and crops. And so here she was, stuck on guard duty.

The green-eyed Corporal shifted the grip on her rifle and glanced about. The tanks were nestled in a little depression on the side of the hill. Netting was draped out over each of them, the better to hide their distinctive appearance. As the woman stood to gaze about the perimeter, she was reminded uncomfortably of the bulge pressing against the shorts she wore. Not a regulation uniform, but something she was permitted at times like this.

She longed for nothing more than to be down with her comrades below. Village girls were the sweetest, and always ready for the Ninth Brigade stopping by. Donna could only imagine how many of her unit were balls deep right now. And she was stuck up on this hillside, waiting for her turn to go down torwards nightfall. One hand slid down to squeeze her meaty shaft. It was just bad luck that her turn for guard duty had come up.

She was starting around the tank when her fellow guard, Asia Morgan, came into view. Like most in the brigade, she was a pretty young thing. Though she was nearly seven years junior to Donna, the medic had shown herself more than capable on the battlefield. And more than a little fun off it. Donna leered just a little at the younger woman's body. Most of the members of the unit had fucked around at one time or another. It was a common practice for building unit cohesion and trust.

"Hey Morgan!"

While not overly loud, it was enough to get the Private's attention. Asia had an inkling of what Donna was after. And it wasn't an unappealing prospect. She'd never admit to volunteering for guard duty just for this reason. Instead she put on a pleasant smile and moved in the older woman's direction. Unconsciously she began to sway her hips a little as she walked. The bulge in Donna's shorts was clearly visible. At sight of it, Asia felt a stirring in her trousers.

Donna smiled as Asia came over, and pulled a coin from one of her pockets. It was a game several in the brigade enjoyed. One girl flipped the coin, and whatever landed face up would dictate how she served her fellow unit members. While some of the girls were more dominant than others, all were required to flip the coin. Fairness was a cardinal rule in the brigade. Or so the Captain had decreed when she took over.

"So, we have a while before we are relieved. Wanna flip?"

Donna's hand was caressing the swollen cock hidden by her shorts. She was fairly certain Asia would play. And shooting off a good load would take away some of the tension until she could get down into the village to pick up a couple of the local girls. Asia's eyes drifted down, unconsciously her hand was rubbing at her own groin. As Donna held out the coin, she took it and gave a quick flip. The silver sparkled in the noon sun as it came back down with heads facing up.

"Mmmm, well isn't that lucky."

The Corporal started to unzip her shorts, but found her hands blocked by the smaller Private. She rocked back to watch as Asia dropped to her knees and began to unzip her. Almost immediately her semi-swollen cock flopped out to hang heavily in front of her. Not content with just this, however, Asia tugged down on the shorts until they slid down to Donna's knees. A hint of musk filled the air as the hot white flesh glistened slightly.

A hint of sweat coated it, and Asia leaned in to breathe it in. One hand slid down to unzip her trousers, allowing her own bulging cock to spring free. Blue eyes looked up as she took her first lick of Donna's organ. At eight inches in length, it wasn't the biggest in the brigade, but it was one of the best. A scent of aroused pussy reached her nostrils as she leaned closer. The Corporal must really be horny, she thought to herself.

Donna was struggling not to reach down to finger herself. Like the others in the brigade, she boasted the genitalia of a male and female. Her pussy was drooling behind her weighty balls, though it was her erect cock demanding the most attention right now. She reached down to grasp Asia's head, pulling the sweet mouth down over her cock like a glove. She knew how much the younger girl could take without gagging, and halted just before she reached that point.

Asia's senses were enflamed as the sweaty cock slid across her taste buds. While some of the other ladies in the unit might prefer a well-showered soldier girl, she enjoyed the sweaty musky scent the women built up during the day. Her smaller six inch cock was throbbing and almost painfully erect. She paid it little attention, however, as she began to bob on Donna's erect prick. The hot taste of the older woman's cock caused her to moan with pleasure.

Small fingers slid up to cup Donna's balls and give them a squeeze. So heavy with her load that Asia had been craving all morning. She had just been a little shy in making the first move. Above her, Donna was groaning with pleasure. The medic's skilled tongue slid across the head of her cock, then continued down her shaft. Her hips bucked involuntarily as two of Asia's fingers stretched up from playing with her heavy sack, to stroke playfully across the lips of her pussy.

This added stimulation just heightened her pleasure, and Donna quickly found herself holding onto Asia's head. Slow thrusts of her cock to start with, as she built up to fucking the Private's mouth. The sounds of the younger woman slobbering on her cock was so erotic as they stood here between two of the tanks. Her balls churned with the heavy load that had been building within her for some time now.

Asia groaned and began jerking herself off with her free hand. Warm pussy cream coated her fingers as Donna's heavy nuts jiggled in her palm. All that was secondary, however, compared to the fat cock fucking her lips. She let her neck relax, trusting in her comrade. Several spurts of precum washed over her taste buds, causing her senses to reel. The first tickles of Donna's pubic hair had her nostrils flaring.

Gulping on the thick shaft filling her mouth, Asia jerked her rigid cock faster. While nothing like the night she had experienced on first joining the brigade, when every member had taken turns fucking her, she still loved every chance she got to be sexual with one of her comrades. The other girls might have more fun fucking every local girl, and not a few local men, that they could. But she preferred fucking with the members of her unit more than anything. And besides that, a good medical officer should be there to ease any tensions and pains their unit might have.

Donna groaned heavily. Her orgasm was coming, she could feel it. She had a careful grip on Asia's head as she began pounding the hot little mouth. The fingers on her balls were almost too much. She gazed down at her younger lover, knowing Asia was getting off on it. As she felt the first churning rush flowing up her shaft, she pulled back so only the head was in Asia's mouth. The Corporal grabbed her dick, jerking it rapidly.

As she watched Donna's fingers glide up and down the spit-soaked cock, she knew it was coming. Almost a whimper of desire escaped her lips as she rapidly licked at the head of the swollen cock still spreading her lips. Above, Donna let out a groan of satisfaction and the first spurt of cream flowed over her tongue. Tasting the hot semen, Asia's hips bucked. Her own seed spurt across the grass between Donna's legs.

With cream coating her tongue, she forced the fat cock back down her throat and began milking it. Up and down her lips bobbed, tightly gripping the pulsing shaft. Her own cum on one hands, and pussy cream on the fingers of the other, she grabbed Donna's ass firmly to keep her from pulling back. Asia gagged slightly as she buried her nose in the older woman's pubic hair, but she didn't let that stop her.

Instead she continued to suck and gulp, feeling the drops and spurts of semen splash down the back of her throat. Until finally Donna was pulling back as her cock started to get tender. Asia fell back on her bum in the grass, panting softly. A trickle of semen had escaped her lips, to gleam wetly at the corner of her mouth. She gazed back up at her comrade, an impish grin forming as her tongue darted out to lick at it.

Donna shook her head and chuckled at the sight. Her cock dangled heavily now, though her nuts still felt full. She leaned down to give Asia a deep kiss, enjoying her flavor on the Private's tongue. She could only imagine what her bare ass must look like waving in the air. Her lips quirked into a grin as she reached down to grab her shorts to pull back up. Asia stopped her with an intent look, however.

Asia gazed up at the Corporal, her eyes never once leaving Donna's as she pulled the coin back out. She crooked an eyebrow as she placed it tails up on the back of her hand. As if she'd just flipped it. The older woman watched it all, then let out a sultry laugh. She didn't hesitate to kneel down, already stroking her cock back to full erection.