 Copyright (c) 2019 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This was supposed to be an entry into the 2019 Geek Fest Event. Real life intervened and, well, here we are. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. The protagonist in this story is a member of a Psi Corp, such as you find in classic Sci-fi movies and TV shows, like Starship Troopers and Babylon 5. I hope that is geeky enough.

------------------

I double checked the address and checked that it was 10 am and then knocked. The soft leather of my gloves muffled the hard knock into a soft thud on the painted metal of the door. The same door that reluctantly allowed the faint words, "Come in. The door is open," to emerge.

I turned the knob and the door opened soundlessly. Upon entering, I found myself in a small entryway with a living room to the left. 

The owner of the voice heard through the door previously, was an elderly woman seated in a recliner. It was one of two in the room. The other was empty.

"I followed your instructions and kept everyone out so they didn't muddy the place any more than necessary. The boxes are on the kitchen table."

I nodded in acknowledgement and headed for the kitchen. Impressions began seeping in as I walked. There was sadness and regret but mostly love and joy. I got the impression that moving to this apartment was not an easy decision. There were notes of anger and resignation.

The kitchen was small but serviceable. By the window was a small table for two with two boxes on it. I went immediately to the older and more beat up one.

Opening it, I got the impression of youth, of unbounded energy and optimism. I slowly removed my gloves, the symbols of my shield and held the box. Memories of moves and decisions about what to save flooded into me. 

The images were so clear and powerful, I was tempted to put my gloves back on and walk away. There were stories about psychics that lost their way and descended into madness because of the strength of their subjects. I had never believed in those stories. 

Banishing those doubts, I shook my head and whispered the mantra of clearing. Immediately the whispers and images faded. I was the best. No psychic ghost was my equal. These are just the echoes of a dead man. 

After calming myself, I opened the box and appraised the contents. The top layer was a layer of papers, magazines and maps. I got impressions of conferences and business meetings in San Francisco, Boston, Denver, Chicago, Berlin, Tampa, Washington, Seattle and many other places.

The map of Seattle brought forth an odd memory. It was on a business campus. 'Microsoft's campus,' a voice whispered. 

Suddenly, I was standing at one end of a reflecting pond. At the other end was a bald gentleman in a robe and slippers. He took off his robe and was only wearing a speedo swim suit. With great ceremony, he put a swim cap on. Another gentleman approached the first and they shook hands. The first gentleman jumped into the pond and began swimming for my side of the pond. When he was about a quarter of the way across, the second gentleman kicked his shoes off and jumped in fully clothed, much to the delight of the crowd. 

As the two splashed their way across the pond, the memory faded and I heard the voice again, 'That was Steve Ballmer and the VP of Marketing. They had a bet about United Way participation in their respective divisions. The loser had to swim the duck pond. They tied, so they both agreed to do it. I was there to meet with some developers that day and got to see the event. It was a lot of fun....'

The voice faded as I put the map down. My hands were shaking. I had never had an impression talk directly to me like that before. My instructors at the temple always said that the psychic energy latent in objects could give images if the possessor was a strong enough psychic, but usually you only got impressions or feelings. Until now, they had been right.

Still shaking my hands dipped back into the box. I watched as they returned with a graduation tassel. My impressions of pride and excitement and frustration gave way to a vision of a gymnasium, parents and siblings and relatives and friends sat in the bleachers on either side as we marched in. Pride and excitement that my parents and girlfriend were watching. Frustration that we were having this indoors because of the rain. We had worked so hard to raise the money for the fireworks and we wouldn't get to see them tonight. Maybe tomorrow, if it didn't rain again. Whoa, I think Patty went through with the bet. The way her breasts are bouncing under her robe, she just might be naked under it. Too bad the other girls in that bet are so far back in the alphabet. Now come the speeches. Too bad it is so bright in here. No way to get the flask out and take a drink without getting caught. And just like that it was over. We move our tassels to the other side. Some idiots are throwing their hats in the air. Don't they know it will cost them $50 if they don't turn them back in? Big crush of people at the door getting out onto the hall. I seize the chance and put my hand on Patty's waist. No way! There is just skin under that robe. She turns and I yell, 'We did it!' She smiles and gives me a peck on the cheek. Then a blur of turning in the robe and cap, getting the piece of paper, finding my girlfriend and parents...

I turned the tassel over in my fingers but no more visions appear. I drop it on the table and my hand dips into the box again. It comes up with a bottle with some small blue and white beads in it. No not just beads, they are strung together. I unscrew the top and the feeling of heartbreak gushes out. I don't need to pour them out to know there are two necklaces in there. Two visions fight for my attention. The first, one of extreme joy and I hear, 'They're not as serious as rings' at the start of the relationship and the second where I hear, 'There's someone else' at the end. Putting the cap back on the bottle, I am back in the kitchen again.

Leaving the boxes, I walk to the second bedroom where his office had been. I touched the back of the chair and the voice requests that I sit. Without knowing why, I pull the chair out and sit in in. The word fades and I can feel my fingers gliding over the keyboard. A feeling of satisfaction washes over me as the voice exclaims, "There. She can access my password keeper now."

Terrified, I know the answers the old woman wants are not here or in those boxes. I know what I need to do, but I am afraid. 

Without warning, my body stands up and I slowly walk out into the hallway. I turn at the first door and enter their bedroom. With daylight coming through the dark curtains, I unerringly navigate to the bed and lay down on his side. 

It is dark when I open my eyes. Her lips press on mine. Something told her there was a difference and she pulled back.

"Are you gone?" she asked softly.

Not knowing what else to say, I nodded.

She dropped her arms off my shoulders and pulled something off the nightstand. Pressing it into my hands, she continued, "Thank you. I have the closure I needed so badly."

Confused I look into my hand. There is a cash card there. I throw it on the bed and look for my clothes. Dressing quickly, I take a final glance at my client before leaving the bedroom. She is still naked, sitting upright on the bed with her arms wrapped around her drawn up knees. A random thought came unbidden, 'She must have been beautiful in her day' and the voice that was not my own answered with an image and a wistful, 'She was indeed'.

Shaking, I pulled on my gloves as I leave the apartment. I glance at my watch and 10:01 pm registers. I have never heard of a possession lasting more than a few minutes. I need to report to the Temple.