 This is a major rewrite of the first version of the story. Basically, everything except the beginning has been rewritten. I hadn't thought out much of how the world worked before I started writing, so this is an attempt to make it a little more internally consistent and to explain how the magic works.

*

Crossing the trading post's compound, I was quietly fuming to myself. I've told them and told them I don't mind guiding parties through the Moonrock Mountains, but not this early in the season, and not mage lords. The high passes aren't completely clear, there's the risk of late storms, and mage lords are some of the most unruly undisciplined people I have ever met. They think their magic makes them superior to everybody, so I knew I was going to have problems with them. They also tended towards physical attractiveness in all its varieties, So with being short, generally scruffy looking, and balding, they tended to treat me as a dullard menial. That's a mistake most of them make only once.

I walked up to the group, and oh lord, it's a traveling circus. There can be no way they are planning on packing all that gear through the mountains. I walked up and, "Good afternoon. I'm Lars Haroldson, your guide"

One of the three men, a tall blonde, looked down his nose at me and sneered, "It's about time you got here. You need to get us packed. Where are the rest of the servants? And the pack animals?"

"Listen, I'm your guide, not your servant. My one and only job is to find a safe route through the mountains for you. How you pack and move your gear is up to you. If you don't have enough pack horses, you're going to have to leave a lot here, because I'm sure not carrying it."

"Why you insolent ..."

At which the second man, slightly shorter than the first, with black hair, interrupted, "My apologies. We failed to completely comprehend our responsibilities for this trip. Be assured, we will be ready by tomorrow morning."

"Now for introductions," he continued, "I am Roland McDaniels, this," nodding to the first man, "is my brother William McDaniels, and," gesturing, "these are my cousins Andrew and Selene McElroy."

"Great", I thought to myself, a polite mage lord. They're the worst kind. They are very good at getting close, and then sliding the knife into your back.

I noticed he did not introduce the last member of their party. A young woman; short and petite, with big blond hair, huge bust, tiny waist, and bubble butt. A teenage boy's wet dream. She had what would have been vivid blue eyes is it weren't for the look of hopelessness and despair in them. 

When I came out the next morning they were still packing. They seemed to have pared down the gear to something manageable, still excessive, but manageable. The three men were packing, while the girl was brushing out Selene's hair.

We finally got the show on the road around mid day, a good three to four hours later than I wanted. We had no way enough transport. They had eight pack horses, and for the amount they were carrying they should have had twelve or more. We were going to be slow, and have problems with the horses breaking down. I could just picture us getting caught in a late storm in one of the passes.

That evening we made camp where most groups would have been halting for a mid day meal. From what I had seen so far, this was one group where I was determined to keep the formal separation between myself and them. Usually, I mingle with the group and share supplies with them, but this group was going to be trouble. Simple prudence dictated that I keep my distance from them. I ended up setting up my myself about thirty feet from them with my own fire and shelter.

Watching them, from the corner of my eye, just increased my already existing concern. It was obvious that none of them was used to being on the trail without servants, and had no idea what needed doing.

After their meal, Selene came up to me and said, "You will be sharing my bed tonight. Yes"

"Wasn't planning to. I have my own shelter that I was planning to use."

"Then who will keep me company tonight?" Bending down to display her assets, I'm a healthy woman with strong urges. I need a real man to keep me satisfied"

"Can't really say ma'am, but I make it a policy not to sleep with the clients. And you can just call me limp pencil dick"

She turned back to their tent muttering to herself. Not that I have a pencil dick, but that's usually the easiest way to get a lady to leave me alone. Get them convinced I won't be able to satisfy them. I'll admit, it was a little difficult to turn her down with statuesque, voluptuous, red haired beauty; but I managed. Besides my policy of not sleeping with clients, I felt there was something off about her. I would be safer sticking my dick in a sausage grinder than letting her get her claws into me.

That night I heard noises from their tent, Chocked gagging, sobs, and muffled whimpers. Along with phrase like, "Take it bitch. Suck on this. Cum dump." Something was soon pushed out the door of the tent and I walked over to see what it was. It was the girl, curled up and sobbing to herself.

Cursing myself as a fool for getting involved in something I shouldn't, I picked her up and took her over to my fire and wrapped her in a blanket. Filling a mug I handed it to her and asked, "Tea? Would you like something to eat?"

She grasped the mug, took a sip, and nodding her head said, "Yes, please, to both."

After finishing her meal and tea she looked at me and trembled, "Do, do you want me to suck your cock now?"

I blinked, "The correct question is, do you want to suck my cock? And somehow, I think the answer is no. So not tonight, maybe some other time."

She got a look on her face, and then grabbed my jacket sobbing, "I just wish I could die."

I picked her up, still sobbing, and set her on my lap, just holding her. She fell asleep, quietly sobbing in my arms, and I looked at her more closely. An absolutely gorgeous girl, if you like them that small. But then, looking closer, "What's this?" I thought. "That collar doesn't belong here." Setting her down, I went to my pack and returned with a small tool kit. I made a few minor adjustments to the collar, and then put Kira back on my lap where she continued her troubled slumber. Shortly before dawn I roused myself, and put Kira back in front of the tent. She woke and looked at me. I held by finger to my lips, indicating to be quiet, and she nodded. Somehow, we both knew it would be even harder on her if the others knew I had shown her any small mercys.

The next few days continued as the first with one addition. Several times a day, one of the men would grab the girl and disappear for a few minutes. He would come back with a gloating smirk on his face. The girl would then come stumbling back, sobbing to herself.

One time I followed them to see what was going on. When I found them, she was on her knees, he had his cock out, and was savagely face-fucking her. "Suck it bitch," he snarled as he sawed back and forth. As she was choking and gagging, "Take it. You know you need it." He pulled out and slapped her face with his cock, leaving it streaked with precum and spit. Pushing back in, "Come on bitch. You know you need it." As she was choking, and weakly beating at his leg, he gave one last merciless push, forcing his entire length down her throat, and came. He pulled out, allowing her to drop to the ground. He roughly pushed her with his foot, "Get up cum-dump. We need to keep going." With that he turned and walked back to the trail.

Grimacing in disgust, I turned back to the trail. I don't know what she's done, or why they're doing this to her, but I didn't like what they were doing to her. I was starting to understand why she wanted to die, but I couldn't do anything about it: yet. "Oh well," I thought, "these mountains tend to take care of problems like this." 

So here we were not making nearly enough distance, starting to run low on provisions, and the girl spending her nights sleeping huddled in my arms. During those evenings I learned a little about her; she had been called Kira, and that Andrew and Selene were older brother and sister to her. "How can you do that to your own family?" I thought Every day I grew angrier and angrier at those four, but held my peace for now. 

Finally, on the fifth day things began to come to a head. Their pack horses needed a day or two of rest, and we were running short of food. I told them, honestly, "We have problems. When you were told how much food to pack, it was thought we'd be making about twice the distance per day that we're actually making, so we're in danger of running out of food. Also, your pack horses are overloaded, and need a break. We should be near a native village this evening, and they're usually willing to trade. Tomorrow we can let the horses rest, and I'll ride in to see what I can trade for."

Roland asked, "There's plenty of game around, Why can't we just hunt for the table."

"Not a wise move. Parties that go hunting in these mountains tend to not come back"

"Why not?" asked William

"The local natives object violently to others hunting in what they consider their area. They tolerate us just traveling through, but consider all the wildlife theirs. If we start hunting, they start hunting us, and they're a lot better hunters than we are."

After more cajoling and argument, "Well, trade it is then." Concluded Roland.

The next morning I took two of my pack horses and rode to the native village. The trading went well, but after about an hour they were starting to get agitated; like something was wrong. I cut the trading off early and hurried back to our camp. As I neared camp I heard yelling.

"What are you doing? Leave her alone." yelled Kira

"Shut up you dumb bitch." from Andrew. "Just let us get to work. If there are more like this around, we can get rich on the fur."

As I rode in I saw, William and Andrew both kneeling next to a dead, pregnant, female native, both with a skinning knifes in hand, Selene holding Kira with a hand knotted in her hair to hold her still, and Roland standing there looking pleased. As I dismounted, keeping my rifle in my hand, I yelled, "You bloody fools. You've just killed us all."

Andrew glared at me, "We've had enough of your insolent attitude. You need to learn to respect your betters." and started towards me.

So I shot Roland. He was the most dangerous of them. I then charged William and Andrew. I butt-stroked Andrew, dropping him like a rock, and somehow William's skinning knife ended up lodged in his chest. I then turned back to Andrew, who was getting up. His unarmed combat was good, not great, but good; no match for my school of hard knocks, and he quickly went down with a crushed throat. Turning to face Selene, I saw that in the confusion Kira had gotten loose and had hold of Selene's hair, trying to smash Selene's face into the ground. I picked up one of the knives and used the pommel to cold-cock Selene.

Kira saw Andrew on the ground and her hands immediately flew to her collar, and she stood there in shock. "What?" I said. "Waiting for the collar to take your head off? I deactivated the dead man switch the first night. It's not going to blow your head off."

Her eyes flew open and she gawped at me, "But we were told it was tamper proof. That nobody would be able to turn it off."

"There's a trick to it, and I happen to know the trick. Now, we need to see if there's anything we can do for the local." Looking at her, I realized that she was beyond help. What those two had done to her, well, if I had time they would have died a lot slower.

"That's torn it. We are running, now. The natives won't forgive this. If we run fast enough and far enough we might live."

Matter of factly, Kira said,"It doesn't matter. I'm dead anyway. At least I saw my brother and sister die before me."

Seeing my look, she went, "I've been cursed. Cursed to have a physical addiction to cum. I know that the withdrawal is painful, and I've been told, fatal. Since you won't let me have any of your cum, I ask that you kill me as painlessly as possible."

"That was then, this is now. Circumstances change. If you need cum to survive, I'll give it to you." Grinning, "Maybe I need to think of it as giving you medicine." Then more seriously, "We are going. Grab what you need while I get the horses ready."

She shrugged at me, and walked to their tent where she picked up a few small bags that held her clothes and started walking towards the horse she had been riding. She seemed a little shocked when I insisted that we remove the halter, and put a bridle with reins on her horse.

"Well, I'm not planning on leading your horse." I said. "You do know how to ride don't you?"

She spasmodically nodded her head.

We mounted up, I grabbed the leads for my pack horses, and we set off. I did notice that she had a good seat on her horse. Might be a better rider than me.

When we left, instead of heading west, back the way we came, or east, continuing on, I turned us south, riding down a long valley in the mountains. The passes immediately behind us had been rough, barely open, and the next couple were higher, and probably still snowed in. Heading south, we would make just as good of time and there was better forage for the horses. Finally, even though we couldn't hunt, the natives had no objection to fishing, and there were some good fishing streams the way we were going.

As we rode, Kira asked, "Why are we going this way instead of back? Where are we going? What are going to do with me?" Then, looking back, asked, "And what about Selene? Is she alive?."

"We're going this way because it's faster going. Going up those hills to get out of this valley, the natives would be faster than us. This way, on fairly flat ground, with some luck, we might just be able to stay ahead of them"

"Right now, I'm not to concerned about where we're going, as long as it's away from that camp."

"As for Selene; what about her? If she's dead, that's the end of the discussion. If she's still alive, the natives will keep her. They'll find her," pausing, "exotic. Why? Do you want us to go back for her?"

"Gods no. She was the worst of them."

Thinking of what those three men had done to Kira, and that she considered Selene worse, made me very glad I had avoided her bed.

"Now," I said, "as for you providing you the cum you need, there are two conditions I insist one."

She looked at me worriedly, with a fair amount of fear, "Conditions?"

"Yes. Number one, you decide when you need cum. When you feel the need or requirement let me know and we'll take care of it; I'm not about to force myself on you. Number two, I would really prefer not to do that face fucking. It looks painful and has to hurt."

After several hours of riding down the trail Kira said, "When will we be stopping? I'm going to need some in another hour or two."

"I remember there's a good spot to camp about a half hour from here. We can take care of you there and then stop for the day"

We rode into a small clearing by a stream. While picketing and unloading the horses I showed Kira how to brush them down and asked her to take care of that for me. While she brushed the horses, I got the camp ready. I walked back to the horses and Kira was almost done; had all but the last one done. I checked Kira's work, and she had done a good job. I took the brush from her and finished the last one. As I brushed him down I said, "You did pretty good for a first time. You'll get better with practice."

"You mean I get to brush them again?"

"Of course. If you're going to be with me, you have to help out. If you don't know how to do something, I'll show you." I have never seen anybody look so happy about being told they were expected to work.

Looking at the ground, she said, "They never let me do anything unless they could use it to humiliate me. The only thing I was to them was a thing to be used."

"Idiots." Fishing my cock out I continues, "Now, I think you said you were starting to feel your need."

Looking nervously from my cock to my face, she said, "Uh, I never did it any way but that what you call face fucking."

Me, doing a face palm, "Idiots." At her look of alarm, "No, not you. Them. I'm getting more and more surprised they managed to survive as long as they did."

Walking over to the packs, I sat down on and spread my legs. Gesturing her over, "Here, get on your knees in front of me."

"Now, lean forward a little and take the tip in your mouth. Only as much as you're comfortable with; we don't want you choking or gagging. Yes, like that." She flinched as I started to respond, but continued. Next, rub your tongue up against my cock, yes, that's good. Try sort of swirling it around, getting more than just the underside." It had been a while for me, so this wasn't going to take long. "Give me your right hand." Positioning her hand, "Wrap it around my cock like this. Now give slow, gentle tugs," moving her hand back and forth to demonstrate. Start moving your head back and forth like your hand. Oh, that's good. Ah. Watch the teeth. Some guy like little nips when you're doing this, most don't. What you're doing is fine for me, but no more than that." Like I said, it had been a while for me, so I came quickly, and she sat back coughing and shaking her head.

She was actually a little clumsy, but if her only experience had been getting face fucked I could understand both her nervousness and clumsiness.

When she was done I picked her up, "That was nice. I enjoyed it; even if you didn't." Holding her, I continued, "I don't want you to scream or try to run with what happens next." Looking to the wood line, "You can come out now." 

Kira gave a start and flinched as of the natives stepped in to the clearing. One was about eight feet, solidly built, with long soft brown fur, and male, most definitely male. Quite impressively equipped in fact. The other was a female, barely five feet tall, with the same brown fur, but with an impressive set of tits, and she was wiping off her chin.

"You two couldn't wait could you? Had to go at it right then and there?" Sensing Kira's confusion I went on, "They showed up about half way through and decided to copy what we were doing." The female just smirked at us.

As they walked up the male glanced at Kira and came to a screeching halt. He took a close look at her, carefully reached out to place a hand on her head, snorted, jerked back in alarm, and started talking quickly and urgently to the female. She listened, first in puzzlement, then concern, and finally growing anger. She stalked up, and gripping Kira's head, stared into her eyes, then backed up a few steps.

Pointing at Kira, "Lady broke. Lady hurt, Lady no have fun. Lady need help." Then pointing at me, "You help lady. Or me hurt."

Then she started talking to the male. In a few moments he gave a resigned sigh, and walked over and lay down on the grass. As he was doing this she turned to Kira, "Lady need lessons" she said, "Try, but not know how." Looking at the male, "We show." 

Having said that, she walked over to him, and drooping to both knees, with a soft moan wrapped both hands around his cock. She gave the cock a few tugs and as it came erect reached out, taking the tip in to her mouth. She started bobbing her head up and down as she wrapped a hand around his cock and started to jerk it. Balancing with her face and hand on his cock, she reached out the other hand, and started to massage his balls. As he started to groan, his hips bucked a little. Her mouth immediately came off his cock, the hand jerking it reached out and slapped his stomach. "Bad boy. Stay still."

Her mouth then returned, but this time to suckle his balls, while a hand gently jerked his cock. He was lying still, with his nostrils flaring, and hands trying to dig in to the dirt. She left suckling for kissing the length of his cock. When she reached the top, she took it in her mouth, and proceeded to repeatedly drive as far down as she could, making a small "urk" each time he hit the back of her throat. Both hand moved to his cock, and started jerking frantically. Suddenly, you could see his cock pulsing, and hear her making frantic swallowing noises as he spewed his load in her mouth. When he was done, she sat back, coughing for a few seconds, then leaned forward to clean him.
