 Hello, once again. Here is the second part of the series. Sorry for any mistakes and the lack of 'proper' sex in this one but I promise the next one will have enough of it. 

Chapter 2: Caught! 

Daemon is sitting on a wooden bench, staring at the candy shop before him, on the other side of the road. He absentmindedly gaped at the hoards of children fighting over a new candy. He looked down at his filthy condition, dirty and torn boots, a canvas cut-off, stained and soiled t-shirt. He checked his left pant pocket. His smallish fingers tugged at the little piece of rag. He set the rag beside him and opened the folds delicately. Six coins came into view. 

He started to count them. One dollar, one quarter, two quarter, one cent, two cent, three cent, one quarter. He set on to count the total. One dollar, three quarters and three cents. He checked the large price tag hanging over the candy shop for the tenth time. 'Royal Treat', Get yourself a royal treat today just for Three and a quarter dollars. It was more then he had, right?

Maybe the candy makers were unaware of this orphan's miserable condition, or they just wanted to ignore him. Because he was saving it secretly, skipping lunch for last four days, doing magic tricks in the roadsides along with his brother. But still he lacked the amount they of the treat for. How sad, he thought. Only if his mummy and daddy returned from the hospital that night, when their car bummed another. His brother cried for them to return, to come back. 

But they never did. He remembered, a week later, how rude his mummy was when she stupidly hid herself in the black wooden box and went into a big hole along with his father, who was in a similar box just a bit bigger, just next to her. They didn't even talked to him! Daemon felt tears running down his cheeks.

Uncle Bob came next day and suddenly he and his brother was on he streets. When they tried to get back he yelled at them, saying to go find some other dick to munch on. Ofcourse he didn't understand it at that time or he wasn't sure if he would have murdered him, but it seemed Marcus did, but he didn't pummelled uncle Bob (god knows why?), because they left the place at once. 

His brother is double his age around twelve. He walked to him and sit beside him. Daemon looked at him then at the candy store and the coins on the rag. That was all left for him. His brother noticed the tears and the coins.

"How much do you need?"

"I got one dollar and seventy-eight cents." He then pointed at the price board. His brother searched his trousers for a while and produced four one dollar coins and placed them at his hand. He counted them and exclaimed. 

"This is more then I need, Marcus!" He innocently tried to push the coins back on Marcus's hand.

"No take it. It's a gift... from mummy. " The sad tone was obvious for even the little kid beside him. 

"I miss them too. " Daemon whispered. Marcus sighed. 

"Now run along and don't forget to take the change alright."

"Yes, sir." Daemon was too happy to oblige. He ran across the road towards the shop with the treat. The Royal Treat. 

*

Cassandra shifted on her bed. She couldn't sleep. The visions of his memories haunted her, somehow some of his earlier memories bleeded into hers when their minds were one. She was dreaming about his childhood days, about his sufferings. The pain she feel now. The pain of being an orphan.

She could feel his aura getting stronger with every passing moment. She was quite taken aback by his capacity. She was a mage herself, but even her twin doesn't know it. In her childhood her friend had taught her a spell that would hide her essence from another mage. Only the most competent and powerful can see through her mask. That is the reason behind her absence from his fathers side in the late council meetings. 

She always thought of herself as an abomination. Because neither her father nor her sister exhibits her powers. She was unsure of her mother though because she died giving birth to them. So she never get to know the truth. She always tried to talk to her father about it, ask the question but never get herself to do it. And now he was gone too. And the question is left unanswered forever. 

Maybe she should ask Daemon to help her in this matter. But he barely know her even if now she share some very intimate moments of his life. She found an uncanny pull deep inside her whenever she would think about him or his body. It would leave her hot and wet. Now her fantasies always seems to move towards that one person. Even if she would think of other people while touching herself, her thoughts would always end up on him when she would reach her peak. The images of him touching him and the hardness of his rigid member sheathed deep inside her would always leave her breathless. 

Maybe he would help her find terms with her powers. Having a mage of her level would be very beneficial for the guild. Maybe she could convince him to join her guild and then he would be around for a while and they could... 

A gasp escaped her lips. Suddenly she was aware that she was rubbing her clit through her panty deliberately. The red lace panty was literally soaked. She always had a thing for sexy lingerie. 

"Ohhhh, yesss." Her hissed and whimpered as her finger pushed the thin material aside and delved inside. She was so wet. Her whole body was inflamed. Her other hand slid over her bra encased tits. She knew how her chest moves men's eyes and sometime minds. She plucked at her nipples through the bra. Her mind was racing imagining things that she always felt ashamed of later. But in the mist of lust, every moral is forgotten. 

She imagined him urging her legs wide just as she did. Then his hard cock parted her labia. She pushed another finger inside and pushed. A small cry unleashed. Her hand tugged her bra down and the other hand started swirling around her areola, ending up pinching her hard nub. Another cry unleashed. She pushed a third finger inside groaning as she felt the tension building deep inside her hot snatch. 

"Yess, fuck me harder. OHH, Daemon, yess." She was shovelling her cut frantically. "Fuck oh Fuck! Gonna come! Shiiit..." Her back arched up pushing back at her raping fingers as her hand get covered with fresh honey. One of the most intense climax she ever experienced. She brought a finger to her lips and sucked on it ravenously imagining to be his cock. How she loved the taste.

She would often see him fucking different women in his life. The visions were frequent. Surprisingly he lost his virginity at the age of fifteen, to a nurse of all the people. Naughty boy.

Cassandra slumped back on the bed panting heavily. This is her desire. Yes she would have him one day. All for herself and none for others. Sleep took over her still foggy mind. 

**

Daemon woke from his sleep of the ages. It took his body a whole week to recuperate. He was aware of people around him every day either someone visiting him or the doctor checking on him. The energy exertion his body experienced recently was enormous. It seems like Kalika joined his powers to cast the spell. Even now his energy is not on the apex. It need more time. But he is done resting. Now is the time to work. He slowly pulled up and was just as gently pushed down. 

"You need to rest boy." A scruffy old man sitting beside him said, whom he instantly recognised as the doctor. 

"I'm done resting, old man." He brushed aside his hand and tried to sit up. 

"Jacob is the name." The old man didn't tried to argue anymore. 

"And I'm... " He was cut short when another person hastily entered the room. Sweet scent that haunted him last few days flushed in. Cassandra. 

"Ander, he knows that." She gave him a warm smile but the sly touch didn't escaped his ears. 

'Who the fuck is ANDER!' She heard a voice deep inside her mind. She gasped and pulled back a step. The amusement gone from her features. She stared at his indifferent face. 

'Is... is that you?' She thought back. 

'Hell that's me. Ander? Really? From all the fucking names in the world, you got Ander?' His tone was accusing and mocking at the same time. 

'It rings well.'

'It rings shit.'

She huffed indignantly.

"Ahem." Dr. Jacob cleared his throat. Cassandra snapped out of the trance caused by finding Daemon talking to her in her mind. 

"Commander, his health is much better but he still needs some hours of rest." He notified. 

"Thank you, Master Jacob. If you don't mind... hmm... I'll like to talk to Ander... in private."

Jacob took his leave and Cassandra filled the emptied seat. They just stared at each other for a while. Daemon broke the silence. 

"Thank you for your help."

She just nodded. 

"And apologies." He paused, "For my deeds that night that must have made you uncomfortable." He apologised wholeheartedly. 

"Don't mention it. It was... necessary." She tried hard to maintain her tough shit behaviour. But her body was on a whole different accord.

"But I must complain for the name you gave me." He teasingly frowned. 

"It's a cool name. Amber, Ander. You know." She was surely having a good time. 

"Oh, it was the name of the dog of a friend of mine!" He made a frustrated grunt. 

On hearing this, Cassandra almost loose it up. But when he looked at her and pouted evidently displeased, she broke loose. The laugh was so loud people down the floor heard it but nobody related it to their commander. It just wasn't like her. Wiping away her tears she atlast came back. Now comes the serious shit. 

"OK, now I can't just label another name on you, can I. So just leave well enough alone." She sighed, "You should understand that I'm in a very difficult situation right now. I know what he did to your brother. He did the same to my father. He is a strong nemesis and I can't afford to declare war with The Fist. They would squash us like flies. And if somehow... somehow even a rumour of you being under my guild reaches his ears, we are better dead."

"Who said I've joined or even seek your guilds protection?" He asked. 

Cassandra shook her head. MEN! Why is that they are so stupid. She looked at him which sent a chill down his spine. This women is amazing to be able to do that. 

"Look mister. I have you in my mansion for a week. The guild looked after you. Even if only few of them were allowed but still. So you should show some respect." She said folding her arms which accentuated her full bosom. Daemon was suddenly wordless. The beautiful women sitting before him was so strong and feisty. Her fiery tresses cupping her perfect face and those brilliant red orbs, glaring at him. Surprisingly her current stance made him horny as his cock twitched under his pants. He reasoned it for his lack of 'Rock 'n Roll' for over a week. 

"You know I can go and take what is rightfully mine anytime I like." Ofcourse he can, he thought. 

"NO you can't. Nobody knows where he operates from. He don't have powers but he is a very cleaver fox. He only attends ultra important meetings and had insured that nobody but only a selected few know his hide. The problem is not him. But his second in command a powerful mage called 'Berserk'. He is a ruthless killing machine and a stealthy, sneaky assassin all at once. And somehow he is word bidden to Makarov. He moves on his whim and ensures the fealty of every member. A very powerful mind magician too. And by the way, what was that mental thing you did before?"

"It wasn't me. Somehow our connection that night linked our minds." He looked down and mumbled. "I've done this before but it happened with anyone else."

'So we can talk to each other via a wireless transmission, cool.' He heard her thoughts.

'Don't abuse it.' he revoked.

'Duh.'

They kept staring at each other.

"I can take care of him. The mage I mean. I'm sure. And you... you seem to be powerful..."

"Shush, keep it down. Nobody knows that, not even Kelly. We don't have a magician in our ranks. I can't disclose this right now." She babbled a little. 

"You're hiding it from what?"

That question caught her off guard. She always considered why she was hiding, but never from who. She licked her lower lips. 

"I don't know." She said, head bowed. 

"You are the commander. You should have faith in your fellow pupil." He shifted a little closer to her. 

"I know. But still... I need to learn many things. I hope if you join us you could help me with it. Will you do that?"she looked at him hopefully. Her amber eyes awfully ruined the expression.

He nodded at-last. 

"I pledge my alliance to you."

Cassandra lit up. She just won a little battle. A small step towards his heart. 

"Now for the minor problem. We have to do something about you... " She said pointing at his face. 

"What about it?" He instinctively touched his stubbles. Nobody have tried to give it a proper shave. Was she pointing at his unkempt features. It wasn't his fault!

"You can't show yourself and declare war. We are having problems... with spies from rival guilds. We have to do something about it. "

He stared at the ceiling for a while, like thinking about something in deep. Cassandra drew her eyes across his strong jaw bone. He looked back and she quickly diverted her gaze. 

"I have an idea." He said. 

She popped a brow. 

"A mask, and a story." He continued with a pause, "How many people have seen me till now?"

"Only three of them, except my sister and the doctor. And the three are totally reliable." She answered.

"Then it won't be hard. How about this, I got my face burnt two years ago so I wear this mask to hide it. Just like some bad ass superhero!" He grinned.

"A mask huh?" She thought about it for a second. To be restricted to observe his face through it will be quite personally unacceptable. But it was better then her idea. To paint his face in every possible colour that would keep people distracted enough for them not to notice his face in a whole. Result of an extremely rare skin pigment mutation.

"Do you have any ideas about how it will look? Well you can definitely try some superhero stuff." She said checking him out appreciatively.

"Ugh, no way!I can make one for me. Just bring me the material I ask for."

***

That night Daemon sat up and prepared what he had in his mind. He mentally asked Cassandra for complete privacy, which she gave without hesitancy. 

Next morning she was the first thing at his doors, even before Jacob's daily check-ups. He put the craft on and stepped before the door, opening it. 

The face drew a gasp out of Cass. Or more precisely the lack of it. Daemon's face was blank darkness. Nothing goes in nothing comes out. Not even an inch of his face down to his throat was exposed. 

"What kind of magic is this?" She asked stepping inside after he moved back. 

"A rather simple one. I just made the surface deflecting. I can see you as clear as ever. NO, even better. I worked on it to enhance my senses to a great extent."

"Great." She said mockingly seeing the mess he made the room of. But she felt the mental link stir up a little.

He rubbed his head through the mask. His hand went through it like it was air. Surely an innovation on the subject.

Cassandra spun facing him crossing her arms more in self preservation this time as she noticed his face pointed towards her ass. They looked at each others face, more accurately Daemon gazed at her pretty face and her naked features. 

She narrowed her eyes and concentrated harder.

'Damn! I knew the enhance vision was worth it.' He thought grinning like a maniac. 'If only she would uncross her arms...'

"YOU SICK PERVERT!" She punched him right on the belly drawing a hoof.

She continued to glare he hands ready in fist tilting her head to her right exposing that delicious neck of hers.

He licked his lips willing the vision to stop. The view returned to normal. He humped down on the bed.

"How did you?" He was himself confused. He didn't pushed the thoughts towards her. Then why did she punched him?

"Stop it!" She barked at him. "Or do you want another one."

"Stop what?" He tried to play dumb. Maybe she just did it on suspicion.

"You fucking ASS! I heard you!" Her hand flew towards his face.

'Oh, God. I'm sorry!' He thought. His eyes shut. He could stop her but he won't. He deserves this. He made a mental note not to use it on anyone except when ultimately necessary. He mind kicked himself. All the good impression he made on her got flushed in seconds.

But the hand never connected. He peeked with one eye and saw her recoiling and going away from him. He was more confused then ever.

Cassandra drew her hands back when she saw no resistance from his side. But the real thing was his pained face. Somehow the mask drew back on it own accord, melting into his shirts collar.

She stepped back. Was she wrong? Was he not the Daemon of her dreams? Why did he do that? She definitely wanted him but not a pervert to look at her that way? And why was she getting wet between her legs? She have to get out of here!

She saw his left eye opening in narrow slits. She spun around and reached for the door.

Daemon got over the confusion. She was leaving. And she was feeling humiliated and uncomfortable. Even when the mask was down. He took a deep breath and rushed towards her, holding her arm and yanking her back. He simply crushed her to the door. His hips ground against her, the contact slightly misaligned by his height, and he held onto her waist as their hips met,their faces inches apart. At that moment he realised how tall she was. Of his 6'3" stature, she must me at-least 5'9". 

He concentrated on those fiery orbs now glistening with moisture and it made his heart shrink to know he caused this. He relinquished the force on her arm, dropping his gaze from her eyes to the full luscious pink lips that were partially open, as if inviting him to suck and nibble on them. He also notice her breathing pattern. She was breathing just like him, fast and harsh.

She licked her lips and he lost control. He pushed her on the door and delved into the union of their lips. His eyes clenched shut, lips sucking on her lower lips eliciting a hungry grown from her. He alternated on nibbling and the tugging at her lips. Their hands discovering each other's bodies on their own accord. Her hands waving over the small of his back, his on the silky red tresses of her mane. 

It was her who finally pushed her tongue, parting his lips, their tongues meeting for the first time. They swirled and sucked and tickled. Both of them moaning and groaning as their fantasies seemed to be fulfilled.

Cassandra moved her tongue along the ridges of his teeth. She gradually pushed him back towards the bed. Daemon caught the intention and drew back. He pushed his hands under the hot pants that was hiding her so exciting ass, his palms resting on her but cheeks as he squeezed gently. 

'Naughty girl. No panties?'

The reaction to his question was immediate. She gave out the biggest moan and bit on his lower lip drawing blood. He hissed more in passion then in pain.

'You lose your virginity to a nurse and call me naughty?' She send back

He looked alarmed. "How did you know?"

'I'm know everything about you. Daemon fist." She said stopping abruptly. pulling back her head. The wound was already healed by magic. The look of pleasure and longing she saw in his eyes sent a shiver down her spine and between her thighs.

"Did I hurt you?" She was all puppy eyed again a small pout forming. Daemon was baffled by the woman he saw before his eyes. The feisty and confident girl she goes through was down the hill somewhere.

He smiled, "Not a fraction of what I did before." He closed his eyes and whispered, "I'm sorry." 

She looked at his pleading face and all her inhibition and conflicts seized. At that moment she knew, he wasn't the dreaded 'sick pervert' but really the men his memories implies to. Passionate and caring.
