 It was a warm April when Asui was admitted to the gundam pilot training course. Asui had been a successful second-line pilot in the regular Air Force, flying inland interdiction missions and reconnaissance for the army, and gaining a reputation for skill as a pilot. It was a satisfying military career and her country was holding its own in the long running war with its neighbour, but Asui was ambitious, and wanted to get out of merely flying airplanes. She wanted to be a gundam pilot - a controller of the massive humanoid robots that had come to dominate front-line combat in the war.

Asui didn't know why she wanted to go to the front line units - the work was more dangerous and the pay no better than her relatively cushy job as an aircraft pilot. But she felt an affinity with the gundam wings she had escorted, and the idea of becoming the controller of such a magnificent super-human force appealed to her dominant sensibilities, and the lure of potential heroism wasn't offputting either.

So it was in that April that she found herself on a bus through a military access road in the mountains with about 17 other girls - all pilots of a similar age to her (she was 23) - all having been admitted to a new, secretive and highly selective course for a gundam wing they had never before heard of - the 11th.

Asui and the other trainees got off the bus in the remote mountain airbase. In the distance, a series of large hangers sat at one end of the base, while more conventional hangers and low barracks stood just in front of them. A row of transport planes sat on the tarmac to the east, while just over the top of one of the hangers, Asui could see the top radar housing (shaped - for effect - a bit like a human head) of a gundam!

The trainees were dressed in standard air-force trainee gear - either knee length skirts or trousers, military boots, jackets with trainee rank badges embroidered on, and ladies' military hats. However, it was immediately noticeable that this was not the way that other personnel on this base dressed. The trainees suddenly stood silent and gawked when a group of four female pilots walked past, chatting to each other.

It wasn't their jackets that were unusual - they were a fairly elaborate but not uncommon form of officer jacket with braiding, a stand-up collar, officer pips and a double-breasted front - immaculately tailored over the chests of their wearers. Nor were the white pilot hats that they wore - again standard-issue with a gundam unit badge embroidered on the side.

It was what they wore below the jackets that was causing consternation, for they were wearing startlingly little! Each pilot was wearing either a thigh-length white version of military combat boots covered in staps and buckles, or a combination of thigh-length embroidered leggings with standard white dress boots. In addition, one pilot wore just a pair of white panties, another wore an obscenely short miniskirt which revealed at the back the curved undersides of the pilot's toned buttocks (and, Asui was sure she saw, a flash of uncovered pussy from the front as she strode), the third wore only a small white thong which tied up at the sides like a bikini, and the fourth wore what appeared to be a white scarf tied around her hips like a miniskirt, and knotted at the front where the ends of the scarf hung down between her legs (again, Asui was shaw she saw a flash of pink behind this).

The pilots waved briefly to the trainees and strode away purposefully. Looking around, it was obvious that a) everyone on the base was female and b) everyone - irrespective of rank or station - dressed like that except the airside engineers in their hi-vis dungarees. A combination of standard military jackets of various colours, matching thigh-high leggings or boots, and usually thin cotton panties, although lacy panties, skirts and other things were in evidence as well.

What a strange way to dress, thought Asui. It was not an entirely unprecedented manner of dress for the Kantabrian Army - the standard uniform for women in military bands was a similar sort of thigh-length legging, plus a dress leotard and ceremonial hat. But never had she seen actual on-base personnel dressed any way like it, and it had to be said that the panties being worn here left a lot less to the imagination than the bandswomens' leotards.

The trainees were ushered inside the drill hall and not given the opportunity to ask what was going on.

-—

After filing into the hall and sitting on the plastic seats that were laid out in front of a basic podium, an officer dressed - as seemed to be the norm - in a white jacket (it bore Commander-rank pips), white thigh-length leggings that bore a number of embroidered markings on the right hand thigh, and small white bikini-cut panties - strode out in front of the group and stood at the podium.

"Welcome ladies to Arabikan airbase. My name is Commander Kuanani. When we are at ease, you may address me as simply "Kuan". When we are on duty you will address me as "Commander". I have been assigned as your unit commander. You will report directly to me. You will obey my orders, and you will succeed.

"Thank you, and welcome once again. You have elected to join a very special unit - the 11th Gundam Wing, Special Services Division of the Air Force. We are called variously the "banshees" or the "femi-gundam". This is an all-female unit, as you can see. This is, indeed, an all-female base. The reasons for this will soon become evident to you, but we maintain strict gender separation here - no men are allowed in the base for any reason.

"This is also a highly elite unit. We are the most successful squadron in the airforce on a pilots-to-kills ratio. We bring unparallelled firepower into the arena and we are dominating this sector. The airforce is in the process of setting up other similar all-female units, but everything that we do here is absolutely top secret, so you have been subject to the highest level security clearances in being selected.

"Being stationed here will be the apex of your careers. It will also be the most fun you will ever have in your lives, I am quite confident in saying that.

"You are dismissed to barracks for the day. You will be issued with new uniforms and will report at the next assembly in those. You are trainee members of the 11th - congratulations. Go now.

Filing out of the hall, Asui whispered to Kana and Lisu who were standing behind her "Hey! What's going on here? What's with the knickers and boots?"

"No idea Asui" replied Kana.

"It's pretty weird" added Lisu.

They marched along the path to the residential barracks, where each was assigned a room, given a key and a pile of new navy blue clothes - an 11th wing trainee jacket, a pair of slacks, a skirt, a pilot's hat, a pair of thigh-length leggings, dress boots, normal-length combat boots, and several pairs of plain blue granny-knickers which looked quite modest in comparison to what was being worn around the base.

"Wear these at your parade and drill, my dears - any combination of them is acceptable." said the barracks orderly as she handed them out.

Asui got to her room and unpacked her things. She pottered around, checking things out. Most of the room was quite ordinary for a military base - there was a bed, a refrigerator, sink, window, shower room and cupboards. However, as she flicked through the channels on the TV she was startled to see that there were a couple of channels of uncensored pornography - one seemingly specialising in lesbian porn and the other in straight. There was also a large tube of vaseline in the bathroom cupboard. "What the hell?" she said to herself.

She sat down on the bed and watched the straight porn channel for a while as it seemed less boring than anything else. The male 'talent' was at least attractive, and she rubbed herself aimlessly under the waistband of her pants while she watched cocks going in and out of various starlets' snatches in hi-def detail. She was not in a mood to think about anything much.

She also took a little time to watch the activities on the base from her window. She had a good view of the airside tarmac, and saw a few transports take off and land. There was a constant buzz of activity on the tarmac near the hangers, with figures running back and forth - the engineers in their dungarees and officials, pilots and others parading around in their strange and provocative uniform, the curves of their semi-exposed buttocks occasionally seeming to glint in the sun.

She was thrilled to see a gundam being towed from its hanger. The majestic super-humanoid robot with its rocket feet, its winged elbows, the anthropomorphic 'head' full of radar equipment, and the seat for the pilot nestled in its chest - exposed to the elements but for a few perspex wind deflectors. She would ride one of those things - she knew it - and she felt a tinge of envious ambition in her chest as she watched a pilot wander up to it in the distance as it was being prepared for flight.

In the mid afternoon the base intercom barked an order for all trainees to muster in the drill hall. She put on her new uniform - choosing to err on the side of modesty, not knowing what on earth was going on with dress standards here. Dress boots, slacks, jacket and hat over standard military underclothes. She wandered out and joined her comrades as they marched toward the hall. Most of them had similarly opted for modest dress and looked nervous. Lisu had opted for the knee length skirt, perhaps because it was warm, but Kikunani - a boisterous girl - had evidently decided that "When in Rome ..." she would adopt the local custom and had worn the leggings and granny knickers, and was taunting a girl next to her over her refusal to do the same. Her thighs looked pretty good - very smooth, and Asui noticed Lisu seemed to be admiring them from behind.

-—

In the drill hall, the podium had been augmented with a projector screen, and the Commander was already standing ready to deliver some kind of lecture.

"Good afternoon ladies, at ease please. Be seated." spoke the Commander.

"You have been selected from the aircraft squadrons due to certain characteristics, to become gundam pilots. These characteristics are your physical fitness, coordination, security level, perceived leadership potential, and your commanders' perception of your level of ambition and drive.

"Ah yes, you might not know about the last one - we certainly didn't advertise it as a selection criterion. But I will announce something here that I know about you - each one of you took an opportunity to have sex with your commanding officer in order to get here!

There was a sudden shreik of noise as several people either dropped their pens, moved violently in their chairs, or made a noise of shock at the sudden and entirely unexpected revelation. Clearly, it was the truth, as the trainees glanced furtively at each other, red faced and recognising in each other a look of guilt.

"This was all duly reported to us by your commanding officers you know, you're all ambitious little sluts, and that's what we like to see. Now don't look at me with that protesting look. We've all done it, and it's perfectly fine. We want your type - you're ideal for this unit. Now just come to terms with the fact that we know you slept with your bosses, and we will say no more about it.

The words fell with a faint whiff of blackmail. So this was how it worked. "We own you" - the unit had a secret which banded them together.

Asui had certainly fucked her commander in her old unit. When she was doing the exams for the gundam wing, the time ran out too soon. She was alone with the commander at a single desk in his office. She put up her hand to shoo him away as he came toward her to collect her papers, and "accidentally" placed her hand on his crotch. She had apologised in a profuse manner, but didn't actually take her hand off, and felt his cock hardening in his trousers. Then she had unzipped his flies, pulled out his cock, wrapped her mouth around it, and fellated him calmly and carefully. The two of them fucked at length on his office floor, before she was given plenty of time to finish the exam. They were still good friends now.

The Commander began her introductory lecture on the gundam.

"The Gundam is the world-changing invention of this war. We invented it, the Borovians copied it. Now, we have perfected it, and we have done so in this very base.

"The rise of the gundam is a function of the diminishing returns of high-tech weaponry. In developing aircraft, each side deploys measures and countermeasures. Technologically, once each weapon or detection system is known, it is quite deterministic for engineers to counteract it with opposing systems. Eventually, everything nullifies everything, and aircraft in war after war have ended up dogfighting with cannon fire because nothing else works. There is no enduring technological edge. The only real variable is pilot skill.

"Our military was the first to internalise the lesson that the pilot is the only real weapon in air combat. The genius of the gundam is that instead of trying to make a super-aircraft, we have made a super-pilot.

"Unlike with an aircraft, the fact that a gundam flies is only incidental to its purpose. The gundam's purpose is to magnify and enhance the mental and physical capabilities of the pilot - to be the pilot, essentially, only a hundred times larger and ten thousand times more powerful. This is why they are constructed as humanoid robots - it is no mere whimsy. As a pilot - the gundam is you.

"Now the gundam's purpose is to enhance the capabilities of its pilots, particularly those human abilities to think creatively and move fluidly - something not possible with an aircraft which follows a simple aerodynamic path and is controlled with computers. So it follows that the key to success is finding the most capable pilots.

"To date we have focussed simply on selecting pilots with strong mental capabilities, a lot of agility and physical fitness. This has served us well, but it has its limitations. Particularly in controlling the gundam, it must move in three dimensions, while the pilot must be able to master simultaneously movement up and down, forward and backward, side to side and rotating in every direction, at the same time as controlling sophisticated weapon systems, engine systems, and communicating intensively in real time. This task is quite overwhelming, because we only have four limbs and ten fingers.

"In combat you can't ever remove your hands or legs from the main controls for a moment, so this imposes severe restrictions on how many controls a pilot can use. There can be - for instance - really no more than about twelve or fourteen buttons on a joystick before it becomes too confusing to use. Your arms and legs are entirely given over to controlling the gundam limbs which mimic their movements. Some things have helped to increase the control capabilities of pilots, such as using a tongue palette controller for communication controls, but fundamentally, every physical capability of pilots is used. A key limitation has been that the left hand is used for both throttle and also lateral controls, robbing pilots of fine grained control over lateral position while they deal with trajectory.

"Well I said all capabilities are used up, but that's not quite the case, and you're all probably wondering why this has to be an all-female unit. The answer to that is control mechanisms, and in what we women can do that men can't.

"If you look at someone dancing, one thing that they have independent movement control over, apart from their legs and arms, is their hips. You can gyrate and wiggle your bottom quite separately from your legs. In pilotage terms, that's another potential control mechanism. However, attempts to hook up pilots' hips to the control surfaces were not successful. The hips are very mobile, and have to remain free for a lot of things - hooking them up required pilots to sit rigidly still when they didn't want to use the lateral controls that the hips were meant for, and they didn't have enough voluntary control over the movements. So the experiment was a failure.

"But it occurred to an engineer - a lady engineer - that it would be possible to get that kind of voluntary control, without compromising external movement, if only the lateral controls were controlled from the inside of the hips rather than the outside.

"Do you see what I'm getting at here? The gundams needed a controller that could be manipulated around, changing angle back and forth and side to side using the inner muscles of the pilot. How do you do that? Simple!" the Commander said brightly, and changed the slide on the screen to a picture of a gundam seat.

"You get a woman pilot, and you get her to sit, more or less, on a big flexible dildo!" ... the audience gasped in disbelief as a large cylindrical protrusion duly appeared on the slide at the base of the seat graphic.

"This 'dildo' is called a control shaft, and it controls the lateral thrusters of the gundam. We pilots actually sit on the gundam with this thing penetrating us, and we rock our hips around while clenching it with our vaginal muscles to move it. By doing this we free up all of our left hand for thruster control. It is highly effective, and it gives us a critical edge over our opponents. The Borovians, remember, are highly patriarchal and don't even have female pilots. They would need to change their whole culture to start, and in the meantime, we will eat their lunch.

"I am going to give you a moment to get over your astonishment, after which I will brief you in more detail on the gundam controls." the Commander said, and strode out of the room and beckoned the class to follow. They headed into a training hangar, where a 1/2 size replica of a gundam stood on the floor for training purposes. Sure enough, in the seat, a shiny metallic cylinder with a rounded end protruded upward, in just the right position to get at a woman's most intimate region. It must have been about 7 inches long, and it sat on a black plastic ridge which ran down the seat, moulded to the shape of the underside of a woman's sitting legs.

-—

When the group had assembled standing on the floor in front of the training gundam, the Commander resumed her lecture.

"The control seat is a complicated and sophisticated piece of equipment. As I have explained, it uses pretty much every controllable part of your body for some function.

"You will see that there are many different parts. Let's start with the basics. One of the most important things is learning how to sit properly. You will see that the back of the seat is full length - it comes up to your head - padded, and slightly concave. This is to allow you to move up and down at will. The control apparatus is designed to keep you pressed back against the seat back no matter what direction gravity is from, particularly by means of important brace points.

"These... " .. she banged two large, padded, solid clamp-like things attached to strong steel protrusions near the bottom of the seat " .. are knee braces - the most important braces. These go around your calves just below the knee, and this is where your weight will go most of the time. You'll see there is also a support for under your thigh just above the knee too - this is on springs for tension, and supports your up or down movements. You'll also see that there are similar sprung supports to go under your armpits when necessary."

"Further, there is a safety harness which goes around your waist and shoulders, which clips to the back of the seat, but it has some give to allow you to position yourself. The harness will considerably damp the effects of G-forces. The whole cockpit is also on a hydraulic suspension system to protect you from G-forces and vibrations - but not too much from vibrations" she said and winked.
