 You know, the whole gunners and mines thing? That was bullshit. Fair weather bullshit. 

Kiwa liked mines in theory. 

Low ceilings. Poor visibility on both ends. General monster hostility on the whole spectrum of "I feast on human souls." to "Ah, a human!" was low. Monsters in the mines liked to mind their own business, pun intended. They would only attack unless you were after their specific monster type. Basically, bats stuck with bats, lizards with lizards and the occasional lessor wyrm got to be the awkward guy between them. 

And obviously, mines were a hotspot for freelancers seeking an easy pay-out. In Flown, the general rate going for an in-demand monster was twenty aulrians a body. A decent pay for a small job of clearing out nuisances for the miners. 

But in the actual place, Kiwa couldn't call herself much a fan. 

Plopping his non-existent ass on her face, the slime, the cock-teasing fuck, made itself comfy. Kiwa glared, her world now gray and blurry. Her fingers itched to strangle it. Gray and transparent, a cave slime was the sneakiest of the standard slime breeds. Unlike the others, forest slimes, plains slimes and water slimes, they changed colors, forms and densities whenever they felt like it. 

Hah, you thought that was a wall. Cave slime! Thought that was your sword. Nope. Think again! Hey, was that your childhood sweetheart who left the group? Kiwa didn't want to be the bearer of bad news but- 

It's been proven through research studies that slimes, or at least, cave slimes were capable of comprehending and replicating human behavior. And unfortunately, the whole slime breed had a tendency to be complete assholes. 

Case in point, the fucker on top of her. 

The slime wiggled and wobbled on her cheeks, swaying to the tune of mana and magic in the air. If Kiwa stretched her senses, she could hear it too. That light song carried through earth, wind and water. 

A good song out of many to be dancing to, she guessed. But her face was not a chair. 

Kiwa rolled her eyes and went about fixing her state of undress. On her back, she lifted up her hips as she pulled back up her mini-shorts and underwear. Her clothing was still a bit damp but fine enough to wear. 

The smell was still there. 

That aroma of metal, steel and her own hot sex. But the uh wet stuff, the gun-cum and her own essence was gone. Even on her thighs and legs, the white creamy mix wasn't there and she'd been stained to the bone, absolutely gushing and squirting as RM-88 went off in her. 

Her memories bubbled up and her body ached in response, remembering every thrust and stroke. Phantom touches ran down her hips and bruised thighs. Kiwa shuddered despite herself. Fuck that damned cock-tease! He took his time with her, making Kiwa nice and wet before he entered her needy hole. 

Kiwa's lips parted and she moaned. Completely in a daze. When and where could she get fucked like that again? A handful of the slime's blobby form slipped in her mouth and amused, she rolled it around on her tongue. 

After being fucked by her own gun, sucking a slime didn't seem so bad. 

The texture was both taffy-like and firm, its taste a sugary-sweet with a salty aftertaste. Kiwa leaned back her head and took more of it in, caressing the underside with her eager tongue. The slime vibrated same as it did inside RM-88's long shaft. Had to have. 

Guns didn't usually vibrate, now did they? 

She thought her gun liked that. Being squeezed whether it was by her thighs, hips or pussy. But oh, that was the slime. It writhed inside of her mouth, rubbing against her teeth and inner jaw. Something tapped against her tonsils and she nearly gulped. Kiwa pinched the slime in warning but the slime was too gone. It pressed and explored every nook in her mouth, uncaring. 

If the slime kept its squirming up, she might actually chomp down. 

Kiwa took hold of the slime with her hand and gently eased it out. It went limp in her hold, docile like a cat. Keeping her hand raised, she sat up, and with her tongue, licked it nice and slow. The slime buzzed, visibly liking that. Kiwa swept her tongue along its porous form, enjoying the sight of it writhing to her warm touch. 

With her free hand, she molded its body into a cock-like shape. 

Then without warning, Kiwa took the slime-cock in. Spirits, the slime loved that! It vibrated at top speeds, making even her cheeks vibrate along. Pulling it back and forth, she sucked and scraped, teeth lightly grazing its filmy skin. The tip of the slime-cock dribbled, nectar-like ooze to the back of her throat. 

Kiwa hummed, swallowing what she could. The slime-cock twitched inside of her. Ready to release. Kiwa braced herself and the slime stiffened, cumming full-force. 

The ooze went everywhere, exploding out of her cheeks faster than she could gulp down. 

It ran onto her top, spilling into her black tub top and white modesty bandages. Kiwa's small breasts tingled, dark nipples perking in response. Falling further, the ooze painted her brown belly and waist in streaky prismatic lines. 

The slime escaped her grip and reformed in the open space between her legs. Wasting no time, it cleaned her. Long thin tentacles sprouted from its form, gray and transparent as the rest of it. The tendrils wiped along her face and chin, reabsorbing the fluid there. 

Kiwa left her mouth open, presenting her cum-coated lips with a smile. 

A pair of tentacles brushed over her soft mouth, light pressing against it in a clear imitation of a kiss. Kiwa smiled harder. Since they've already exchanged fluids, what was a kiss between... whatever they were. Friends? Lovers? Fucking acquaintances? 

After cleaning her face, the tentacles weaved into Kiwa's tub top and bandages. They swam around in her fabric, poking and prodding her flat breasts and lean stomach in a ticklish frenzy. 

Stiffening, her nipples declared themselves. 

They poked right through her top, twin nubs ready to be touched and played with. 

The slime stopped his tendrils and vibrated quietly. Kiwa blinked, wondering why it didn't just go for them? She pressed her chest forward, baring her tiny tits to the slime. 

With her finger, she lifted up the tub-top and threw it over her shoulders. 

Her modesty bandages were still on. They were trouble to take off and a bitch to put back on so Kiwa left them alone. The slime's tentacles were already under them anyway. Its tentacles bulging through the gauze. A hint of her breasts were visible, two firm mounds capped with dusky-brown peaks. 

"What's wrong? You can totally-" Kiwa started to say, "fuck my-" 

"I've already checked the east tunnels. Hendricks, get your ass over here." said a voice. 

"Don't talk to me like you own me, man. I'm a fucking volunteer. I'll get over when I'm ready." 

"Then will you volunteer your skinny ass to the west tunnels, I'm low on hands as it is and yours looks small enough to fit in there." 

"That's what your momma said to me last night." 

There was a smack and the conversation faded away. 

Kiwa considered what she was trying to say. What she was trying to do, really. 

Okay so, she was horny. That was normal. 

And yeah, she fucked her own gun. A little out there but do-able. Gunners and other classes of the mechanist profession would understand. Who didn't have fun on a lonely night with their big and hefty Rune Matchstick. 

But a slime? A slime-slime. 

Not one of those feolkin or beast people but a real deal slime. A monster. 

Kiwa looked up, staring at the collapsed mine walls, dirt mounds and broken mine equipment. Somewhere distant, she heard other humans. They called out to each other and reported their findings. 

People were getting rescued. What was she still doing here? 

She sighed, annoyed with the obvious answer. Because she was horny, damn it. Because she was a dumbass that took a rigged job. There wasn't anything waiting for her outside. No bed. No booze. No friends. Sure, she could get up and get back to making her trade work. Be a freelancer. Hunt monsters. Live on the edge. 

But why shouldn't she go and let herself get fucked silly? 

Kiwa already was fucked financially. 

Why not physically? 

Kiwa forced herself to turn her head and check on her surroundings. She flinched, her heels kicking as she willed her legs not to run. All around her half-collapsed, half-climbable hole, the slimes were out and about. Dozens of them. Gray herds milled around, coating the nearby floor in their distinctive, prismatic ooze. 

In Surfeit, every class had a perfect foe. A type of monster that would beat said human class in every clash. There was no benefit to be had in dealing with them. There was only fleeing and swearing and praying for mercy. Even royal knights could be made into bitches by lessor wyrms and drakes. Mages couldn't do shit against golems and elementals. 

And for gunners, it was the most common monster of them all. The garden-variety slime. 

A few of the older-looking ones, bigger than the rest, vibrated. Shook the ground to the point she felt tremors as far away she was. Their forms twisted and stretched aimlessly. They waved to each other, waved to her. Excitement in the air. 

The rest focused on layering their odd pooling of fluids. 

With each coat, the layer of ooze thickened. Growing more and more stable and less like liquid. 

The solvent substance puffed up from the mine floor and expanded into something that resembled a bed. Circular in shape, the ooze-bed was fluffy and thick, a blend of tri-matic colors. The smallest of slimes bounced on it as the older ones danced. 

Kiwa's throat went dry, mouth nearly falling open. She'd been warned about this behavior. The signs were all there. The non-hostile gathering. The particular ooze they used. Oh shit, the gun fucking. 

Slimes weren't the most subtle of creatures. 

Something touched her. 

Kiwa flinched, frantic, before remembering the slime's tentacles were still inside her modesty bandages. They reseeded out and returned to the slime. It wasn't moving. It stood perfectly still, watching her. Kiwa snorted at that. Watching her. Slimes didn't have eyes or mouths. They were manifestations of wayward magic given shape. The thought that it could stare and was using that ability to watch her was- 

Gunners and slimes, one of the world's best kept secrets. It might have been the same situation for the other classes and their opposing monsters. Who knew what happened to knights after the wyrms carried them away? Or what golems did to their captured mages? 

The slime knew it had her attention. Finally, it showed itself. The slime changed colors, turning into a vibrant, undeniable, gunner-class purple. In its porous form, a symbol appeared. The gunner's seal. 

Kiwa bit the inside of her mouth. Fuck. Really, fuck. This slime wanted to be hers. 

Back in the old days, it was said that monsters and humans once lived closer than they do now. There were greater foes to fight; insane gods, abominations from the abyss and unfathomable beasts of great power and rage. When the classes were first established, contracts with monsters were made as there were a lot less humans at that time. 

Kiwa couldn't comprehend that. A Surfeit where humans were almost wiped out by invading armies. How they survived, she didn't know. Only ruins were left of that time and nobody cared to go near them. 

Slimes, however, were perverted assholes who didn't get the message that times had changed. 

Monsters protected and trained alongside with humans. Humans fought and provided comfort to their beast. 

Nowadays, doing something like that would get you labeled as a witch and an enemy of the state. To lay down with animals was to be an animal. A thing to be hunted. Then sent off to be cut apart by whichever group of scholars and professors paid the most. 

Kiwa breathed slowly, trying to wrap her head around this. 

Gunners, however, had different stories. It's because of them Kiwa didn't panic. Every gunner had to meet a slime sometime and if they were lucky, it wasn't the slime looking for them. 

And obviously, Kiwa wasn't lucky in this case. 

This was a covenant ceremony she stumbled in. 

Unwittingly, Kiwa caught the eye of a slime trying to court her. Spirits, what slime wouldn't? An experienced gunner. Decent rank. Fourteen gun-craft skills mastered. And her seals tattooed into her hands and back. They were usually invisible, painted with a special ink. 

Anyone could pick up a gun but one needed those seals to be a gunner. 

Kiwa's skin pulsed, throbbing as it reacted to the presence of the gunner's seal. Her tattoos unfurled from where they were hidden, black inky lines ivy-vining along her arms, her neck and back. A gunner's weak points. It prickled a little, the ink just as hot as when she first received them. 

She had the choice to reject the offer. Gunners always did. 

Kiwa could forget the slime right now and haul her ass as fast she could up a dirt mound. 

But well- 

This was her slime. 

Each gunner had a unique seal and ink branded into their skin. Frankly speaking, it was a rare and important occasion when a gunner met the right monster. Some of the more higher classed gun-craft skills needed a covenant contract to properly master as well. 

But was she ready for it? 

A monster courting could take days and afterward, she'd have to slink back to the Mechanist's Alliance, a trouble in its own right, and beseech some older gunner for some tips on how to hide her companion. 

Shit, she was already making arrangements in her own mind for it. Ways to pay for her passage to the Southern Continent. How to hide the slime on the way there. 

Spirits, she was- 

"I'm a bit of cheapskate and trouble-prone. Been avoiding my family's guild for years. I hate guilds, you know. Irrationally. And with you around, I'll probably need to join one to cover my tracks." 

Kiwa muttered, her voice clear and crisp. It was true. Once a gunner met their slime, they wouldn't let it go. 

"There are some really bad guys who look for pairs like us." she admitted, lips thin. "If you honestly think you can handle that, you're free to follow me. But I expected to be filled in every hole, fucked in every orifice until I can't even remember my own name before that. Sound like a deal?" 

The slime jumped into her arms, vibrating all the while. 

"You need a name though." Kiwa said, holding him up to the light. Hmm, he wasn't as clean as a normal slime. Now purple, darker globs floated inside his pudgy form. They almost looked splotchy in the sunlight. "How about Splotch? You like that Splotch the slime?" 

He wigged a yes. Or wobbled an adamant no. It was hard to tell with slimes. 

Kiwa glanced at the others, gauging their shapes and sizes. This was a monster courting, an orgy that would last four days and three nights. Each and every one of those slimes would have a turn with her, invoking their protection and unique monster attributes into her tattooed seals. 

No gunner or other class of the mechanist profession never what happened in detail. Only that the gunner courted would be pampered and pleasured beyond their wildest dreams. 

Her pussy throbbed at the thought. But some traditions still had to be observed. 

The most important being... to never take part of a slime orgy without cleaning out your pockets. Unbelievable. And true to stereotype, gunners were walking fire hazards. They carried bullets, shells, raw gunpowder, elemental augments, explosives and more. Such items wouldn't do harm to slimes. They were resistant to most non-magical attacks, bullets and explosives included. Plus they loved eating gunpowder and gunpowder-related goods like candy. 

No, the rule was to save the gunner from losing all of their stuff. Hah. Morons. 

Kiwa placed the newly named Splotch to the side. He wiggled at her, rubbing her hip to be let into her lap. Kiwa stuck her tongue in response. She went through her mini-shorts and bandages, taking out the supplies and hidden items. Her potions, rations, extra bullets and extra-extra bullets sat together in a growing pile. 

She dug into her hair and pulled out the rest. Lock-picks, small blades and her rolled up Aulra's feather. The golden feather was rumored to bring those on the brink back to life but Kiwa had never been in a situation so deadly to have to use it. 

Kiwa un-clipped her mother's amulet, a well-loved keepsake, and dropped it right on top. 

Splotch wiggled towards it and she gently pushed him away. 

He couldn't seem to sense the hatred coming off the jewel in the center. She glanced at him, seriously classifying him as a monster. Splotch was weaker than her. If he was ranked in the same system as her, he'd be five levels below hers. 

Slimes were magic given form, weren't they? How come he wasn't turning into- Kiwa sighed, banishing the darker thoughts that tried to seep in. This is a different land, a different ecosystem. Either Splotch had a resistance to sundered magic in general or was too weak to be affected by it yet. 

Once her personal items were sorted and accounted for, Kiwa returned her attention to the other slimes. 

They- uh- Kiwa stared in awe. 

The dozens that once was around had been replaced with a sea of gray, slithering globs. In teams, they secreted along the walls and floors, coating the ground in a denser but thin layer of goo. Formerly gray walls became plush, padded. All shaded a purple periwinkle. Cracks and holes were patched over. Debry and broken things moved elsewhere. 

Even the hole she looked out of to see the rest of the mine was sealed. Ooze shot over the opening in thin, spider-like threads before expanding, inflating over the gap and hiding it from site. Briefly, Kiwa caught a glimpse of how the goo looked on the outside. On one side, the same as the dirt and rock and on the other, gooey and purple. 

Folks did say how slimes loved to make a breeding den just about anywhere. 

Kiwa grabbed her things and stood up, waiting for the slimes to finish her part of the collapsed space. She lifted one foot. Two. And it was over. The slimes went elsewhere, still cleaning and secreting. More beds of ooze were made in the corners. These ones slight different shades than the one for her. Purple was the color of mechanist profession but each specific class had a specific tint to call their own. 

Hmm, a grenadier and a glyph gear might be showing up soon. 

Putting her items back down, Kiwa picked up Splotch and the tub-top she thrown away. Another tradition, come to the slimes' bedstead in the garb the courting slime approached her in. 

Like it mattered much. She would be naked in the end. 

Letting Splotch go, Kiwa climbed into the center of the ooze-bed. The cushion-like surface was springy, buoyant under her hands. Reaching the center, Kiwa laid on her back. The ooze-bed molded around her body, letting her sink in a few inches. Holds from inside of the bed wrapped around her wrists, locking her in place. 

Her legs weren't ignored. Tendrils wrapped around her boots and pulled them off. Another set of holds went around her ankles. 

Kiwa experimented, moving her legs and opening her hips. She could move freely as long as she didn't try to get up. Once she did, the holds snapped back into place. Kiwa tried her arms. Nothing could be done with them. Now aware of her restraints, Kiwa relaxed. She took in a deep breath and sighed out slowly. Monster courting. How did her life lead to this? 

"Whenever you're ready, Splotch." 

Splotch ran between her legs and rubbed up against the seat of her shorts. Kiwa twitched, feeling the soft warmth emanating from her form. She pushed into him, desperate for more of that soothing heat. 

Spirits, it wasn't enough. 
