 Adina's fever burned through her like a vicious entity possessing her body. Being sick was a normal part of life in the wastes. You either survived it or you didn't. But she'd never been sick like this, even when she'd nearly died of influenza when she was sixteen. The awful feeling of being too sick to sleep and everything else that came with it wracked her - when she was coherent enough to understand what was happening. 

Her skin burned, every brush or touch searing like a brand while what felt like worms of ice and fire squirmed in her guts. 

And the fever dreams - sometimes she knew they were just dreams... 

Raiders shrieked in her ears, their hands hooked claws in her nightmares, tearing her skin. Their eyes were burned black into hellish, soulless pits. 

Awful screaming... Terrified, shrill, then suddenly silent. That was what tore at her soul. The things she knew weren't nightmares. 

She threw her hands out at the raider trying to stop him as he hacked at a boy, Frere. He was thirteen. The raider shoved her away. Then he just kept hacking and hacking. Her nausea at the sound the weapon made and how Frere stopped screaming overwhelmed her again. 

"Adina. It's alright..." Asher's voice seemed so far away. It was gentle and reassuring. He was holding her arm to keep her on her side. There was a pan. She was throwing up into it. "You're safe..." Then everything disappeared again. 

Again and again the horrors of the hours before Asher spirited her away rose up and attacked her. In the night, in the day... 

It had gone from day to night before Adina opened her eyes and actually saw what was in front of her. But even then, her mind was filled with flashes - pain, vomiting, Asher's face bulged, growing freakishly large and then small again in her pulsing vision. 

She could see other figures. Raiders danced in and out of focus, shrieking their terrifying battle cries. She screamed and fought, lying next to the pools, a cold sheet over her. The raiders were everywhere and so was Asher. 

His eyes were burned to black pits too. She shrieked and pushed him away, but she was too weak to fight. His burning face twisted, every millimeter of her skin felt like it was under a blowtorch, being struck with a hammer. His hands, gentle on her face felt like they were peeling her skin off. 

"It's alright Adina. It's just the fever. You're hallucinating. They're not real. They're not..." 

Real.. 

His words turned to a fading echo as wild, feral faces filled her vision again, raiders in their terrifying war paint. She felt hot blood again as a raider slashed one of fuel men who'd thrown himself between them. 

"Shhh... It's alright." 

Everything ached, even Adina's eyelids hurt as she slowly opened them. She couldn't tell if it was day or night. There were long shadows that might have been from lanterns, or from the sun cutting through the buildings above the rift. When she moved laces of fire seemed to run through her muscles, as if her whole body was a leg she'd sat on for too long. 

She was on the cot again. As consciousness finally settled in, she could tell it was night. A fire was burning a few yards away with pots and a kettle on stands over the coals. She looked for Asher. He was lying on the ground next to her, his right arm propped on the edge of the cot, his hand closed around hers, snoring lightly. She let her head fall to the pillow again and just watched him for a moment before she closed her hand around his. 

He jerked awake. When he saw her looking at him, he became as still as a statue, his lapis blue eyes traveling over her face. 

Her heart tugged hard at the worry she could see there. 

His hand closed around hers and he pushed to his knees, his other hand moving to her face, then her neck feeling for her fever. A relieved smile split his face. 

"There you are." 

She shifted her head to see him more easily with a grimace and small hiss of pain. "Here I am." She drew his hand up and kissed his fingers. 

He pushed hair out of her face, lightly trailing his fingers over her brow and temple. "You had me worried." He bent and gently kissed her forehead. 

"Why?" She let her eyes close and shifted over onto her back. Even now she could feel strength returning to her muscles. 

"You've been sick for over three days." He lifted a wet cloth and ran it around her lips, wetting them, then squeezed it. Cool water flow into her mouth. She drank. Her throat was raw, it hurt initially but quickly eased. "Do you think you can drink some more?" 

She nodded. Now that she'd had something, she was parched. He helped her sit up, tucking the blanket around her naked body. Her hands shook, but steadied as he helped her hold the canteen, watching her eyes. "I was afraid I was going to lose you." 

She drank carefully, but it only took a few swallows for things to feel more normal. When she'd finished, she rested against him feeling strength flow back into her. "You said it would only be a day." 

She felt him nod. "It should have been. A day, maybe a day and a half. Whatever the inoculant was trying to get rid of had a real hold on you." 

She was suddenly starving. She stayed tucked up against him, just resting and looked around. Where her clothes had been hanging, a towel, the sheet she'd remembered being wrapped in and a few other things hung. 

"I don't want to do that again." 

She felt his lips on her forehead. "I bet. I wouldn't want you to either." 

She smiled as much at his warm tone as the words. "I'm hungry." 

She looked up; he was smiling at her. "Good. I was hoping you'd say that." He sat back steadying her. "You okay to sit up on your own?" 

She adjusted herself to get comfortable. "Mmm hmm." 

He stepped away and poured something that looked like broth into a cup and brought it back. "It's not very interesting, but it's what you need. Careful, it's hot." He handed her the cup and she passed it from one hand to the other blowing on it until it was cool enough to drink. It was strong and salty; she could taste fat in it. She took a few drinks, the heat from it seeming to help spread strength back through her battered body. "It's good. What is it?" 

"Boar marrow broth. I threw in extra salt because you need it." He smiled again and sat on the cot next to her. She leaned against him again, tucking the blanket up and hugging the cup to her. She suddenly realized it was cold out. "What now?" 

He put his arm around you. "We let you rest for a day or so, see how you feel and then I'll start training you." 

She lifted her face. "Training me?" 

His expression was serious, but the creases between his eyebrows weren't there. "If we're going to be together, you need to be able to protect yourself. You need to know how to fight, how to shoot," he nodded to the truck. "and how to drive the Bearcat." 

"Bearcat?" 

"That's what we call them." 

She looked at the Bearcat and back to him. "You're going to teach me to drive that? And to fight?" 

He nodded. "And a lot of other things." His expression softened. He watched her eyes, then leaned down and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. 

Adina's body felt like it caught fire. She wanted to grab him, but her hands were occupied with the broth and holding the blanket around her. She pressed her lips hard against his. The kiss was long and lingering and when he pulled back, she was still leaning forward wanting more. 

He smiled again, a wide, playful thing. "You need to get some rest before we go much further down that road." He ran his thumb lightly over her lips. "I just wanted you to know what I'm thinking." 

"I like what you're thinking," she answered breathlessly, having to concentrate to not dump hot soup all over herself. 

He got up and when he came back, he was carrying a stack of clothes and a pair of boots. He set the clothes on the cot next to her, the boots on the ground. "I grabbed some things that I thought should fit you." He pointed to the boots. "They seemed to be about the right size." He pointed back to the truck. "There are more things in the Bearcat, but I washed these since they seemed like the closest fit." 

She looked at the trousers, shirts, underwear, there were even a couple of jackets. 

"Where did you get these?" 

The matter of fact expression was back again. It wasn't intense or angry, he'd just closed up a little bit. "From people who didn't need them anymore." 

She looked at the stack of things, her heart sinking. "From my town? After the attack?" 

He nodded. "Yes." He watched her expression intently. 

As she looked at the clothes and boots, images of people she'd known flashed through her mind. Had one of them been wearing these when they died? 

She turned back to Asher. Like everything else about him, there was brute practicality in what he'd done, the straightforward logic of survival. 

"One of my friends could have been wearing these..." She couldn't say the rest. 

He nodded, a slow understanding thing. "I'm sorry for that." He pointed to a rock. "Your other clothes are over there if you'd be more comfortable just in those. But you'll need a change of clothes." He pointed to the boots. "And those are better than yours. I'd wash anything else from the bag in the Bearcat before wearing it." 

She just watched him. He was so hard at moments like now, after being so gentle seemingly only a breath before. Confusion roared up in her again. 

He scared her. And aroused her. And there were so many other feelings crashing through. She finished the broth and handed him the cup. 

"I'd like to clean up." 

He pointed again to where her clothes were. "The towel is on the rock with the soap." 

She got up, holding the blanket around her and gave him another glance before walking to the pool. Her confusion only deepened when he didn't follow or say anything. 

She wanted some space to sit with her feelings and the newly awakened memories of people she'd lost, but she also wanted his attention, his touch. But he stayed away, not even looking at her as she dropped the towel and stepped carefully into the warm water. 

Adina couldn't help the deep sigh that escaped as she let herself slip down into the warm, enfolding waters. She looked back and he was doing something at the fire. His body language seemed forced; he didn't even look in her direction. She dunked her head and washed. Her skin's soreness seemed to wash away with the soap. Lathering her long black hair, she kept peeking at him. He never looked at her. When she felt clean, she set the soap on a rock and climbed carefully into one of the higher pools. It was hot. The mineral tasting water seemed to seep in between her fever-battered muscles and her bones. And it made her buoyant, the mineral rich waters holding her up. After she'd adjusted to the temperature, she let herself float on her back, her breasts and nipples thrilled by the cold night air as the rest of her relaxed in the penetrating heat. 

The sky spread out beyond the teeth of the buildings atop the cliffs around the rift. It was like looking out of a giant mouth. The stars were a thick fabric behind the buildings. The bright, blue-white pinpoints were turned different colors by the millions of miles that separated them from Earth, the fabric's folds and creases seeming solid. A satellite streaked across the star fabric. As she watched it, stories people told about them and the other wonders of the world that was rolled through her mind. 

She realized she had dozed only when her breasts ached from the cold and she pushed down into the water again, the heat pinching her nipples with its change of temperature. 

He wants to teach me to fight? She bobbed up looking for him. He had one of the side panels of the bearcat open, doing something. The idea of learning to fight was both frightening and exciting. And there it was again, fear and arousal. 

She slipped a hand between her legs, her fingers tracing along her smooth folds in the hot water. 

She climbed out of the hot pool and slid down into the lower pool, the cooler water a shock and thrill. She ducked down, one hand between her legs, the other on her breast. She sighed, watching Asher, pulling hard on her nipple, her fingers rolling over her clit. His broad back was to her as he worked, his pants pulling tight over his handsome ass. She fantasized about him on top of her as she pushed fingers inside, running along her interior clitoral ridges, her hips pushing forward as she excited herself even more, thinking of pushing up against him. Her whole body shuddered as she squeezed her breast and played. She withdrew her fingers and ran them back over her anus. Her hips arching back as a finger played around the sensitive boundary. She squeezed her eyes shut, holding herself rigid as she moved her fingers back to her clit again. She felt like she was on fire. 

She stood up and waded out of the water, not bothering with the towel. She walked to him, barely noticing the rocky sand under her feet. 

He turned as she reached him, and she threw her arms around his neck, putting her lips to his, smashing her body against his. "Fuck me. I can't take it anymore." 

He returned her kiss, their tongues playing. His lips moved onto her neck and down her chest as she arched back, her mouth opening as his lips found her inflamed nipple. She sighed, and her body twitched as he kissed it, her hips pressed hard against him, moaning as he began to suck on her nipple. 

Adina's head was spinning. She felt hot and cold. She lifted his face and kissed him again, her fingers fumbling with his shirt. He helped her, pulling off his shirt and pulling her hard against him. Her breaths came in short gasps as he picked her up and carried her to the tarp again. She felt like a toy in his strong arms as he lowered her easily to the ground. She tore at his belt and pants and when she felt his penis, it was bigger than she'd expected. She looked down at it, hard in her hand, then smiled at him and put it against her wet folds, slowly slipping it up and down. Then slid the head into her. 

Her vision tunneled as she threw her head back at the penetration. She clawed at his back, pulling his mouth onto hers. He pushed into her, just a little. She bit her arm, curling her body and wrapping her legs around him. She wasn't sure she wouldn't draw blood if she bit him. Everything was spinning faster. 

She felt more of him slip inside, stretching her. It had been over a year since she'd been with anyone. 

Suddenly, she felt like she was falling. 

"Adina?" She felt him turn his face to hers. Then there was nothing. 

Adina woke to Asher's face close to hers. He was smiling, still breathing a little heavily. 

She blinked, trying to sort out what happened. Then it suddenly came back, and she blushed furiously, her face feeling like it was on fire as she put her hands over her mouth, her eyes huge, watching his. "I passed out, didn't I?" 

He nodded. 

She hid her face in her hands and pushed against him. "Oh, Earth and Sky!" 

Asher chuckled, holding her close. "I'd like to say that was me, but that would be a lie. I don't think you were up to it after being so sick." 

"While we were..." She couldn't look at him, her embarrassment tickling her belly and making her laugh. 

"Mmm hmm..." he acknowledged, still chuckling. 

"Stop laughing!" she laughed into her hands against his neck. 

"You first." 

She dropped her hands and pulled him into a kiss. "It was still... Wonderful." She was grinning so wide that it made her cheeks hurt. She raised an eyebrow. "What I remember of it." She pulled back watching his playful expression. "Did you?" 

He shook his head. "No. Your eyes rolling back in your head kind of spoiled the mood." His crooked good-natured smile took any potential sting out of the teasing. He got behind her and pulled her against him, then drug the blanket over them. "You should sleep." He looked up and around. "It will be light in a few hours." He kissed her ear and nuzzled her hair. "We've got plenty of time to get to know each other." She pulled his hand around and put it on her breast and then let her head relax onto his arm. Her grin only eased a little as she burrowed back into his strong chest, feeling his still semi-erect penis against her backside. She kissed his hand. 

"I like that." 

The sun was high in the sky by the time Adina woke. Asher wasn't behind her, his arm had been replaced by a pillow, but she was still on the tarp, naked under the blanket. She rolled onto her back and stretched, looking for him. 

He was back to doing whatever she'd interrupted, working on something in the open side hatch of the Bearcat. 

"Good morning." 

He turned at her voice and smiled. "Good morning." He shielded his eyes and looked up at the sky as he walked to the fire. "Or should I say afternoon." 

"Hi." She felt like herself again. But as she arched into a long, whole body stretch she realized there was more to it than that. She felt really good; stronger than she could remember feeling in a long time. She pulled the blanket around her and sat up. Everything seemed a little brighter, more focused. 

Asher dished some food onto a plate. 

"What was in that shot you gave me? I feel... great." 

He walked to her with the plate and a canteen and handed them to her. 

"The inoculant's working then." He settled cross-legged in front of her. "I'm not surprised you feel better. You must have been carrying around something nasty for the inoculant to knock you down the way it did. You've probably been sick for a long time." 

Adina hadn't realized she'd been wolfing food down until the raised corner of his mouth caught her attention. 

"Well, you've got an appetite, that's a good sign." 

She blushed again, putting a hand over her mouth. "Sorry, I'm just really hungry." 

His grin turned to a smile. "Nothing to apologize for. You should be. Don't let me stop you." She went back to eating. "There are a few things you need to know about the inoculant. You're likely to feel a little up and down over the next few days, while it figures you out." 

"Figures me out?" she asked between mouthfuls of the porridge mixed with boar meat. 

He nodded. "The inoculant is artificial; it learns about you and adjusts things to help you." 

She narrowed her eyes at him, not sure if he was making a joke. "How does a vaccine know how to 'figure me out?'" 

"Tiny robots. Like me, you now have millions of tiny robots running around inside you just looking for things to fix, to make better." 

She stopped eating. "You put robots inside me?" 

"That's the easiest way to describe them. They bolster your normal immune system; help fight off diseases. But they do a whole host of other things too." 

She was still trying to figure out if he was joking. 

People can't do that... But even as the thought formed, what she'd already seen contradicted it. Her eyes traveled over the bearcat and all his equipment, then back to him. 

"What else do they do?" 

"Well, for one, you can't get pregnant. At least not for a while." 

She stopped eating again. "What? What do you mean I can't get pregnant?" It wasn't like she'd ever wanted to have a child, and she'd been lucky enough to not end up pregnant, but him being so blunt about it was still a shock. 

"The inoculant sterilizes us. It depends on the person, of course." He waggled a hand. "But it lasts about a year before we have to immunize again." 

"You do this every year?" She couldn't imagine going through it again. 

"No, not the full inoculation. It's a lower order immunization. It reinforces what's already there from the initial inoculation." 

The idea of having a baby had never really been in the forefront of her mind. But being told so bluntly that she suddenly couldn't, even if she wanted to, threw another monkey wrench into her internal workings. "What if I wanted to have a baby?" 
