 Prologue: 

Mike(Ep) 

After being captured by a squad a female orcs Mike was taken to their castle strong hold, Green gate. 

There in its stony dark cell he was met by a shadowy figure with large dark wings and shiny skin. On all four he was taken from behind by a cock larger than his own. There he lost all previous notions about his sexuality as a puddle of semen formed near the bottom of the two men. 

With great force and passion he was flipped around and made to suck the cock that once penetrated him. When the shadowy winged man finally succumbed to his pleasure an eruption of hot sticky nectar climbed all over mike's face finding its way into his nostrils, mouth and even his tongue but who's to say that it did not find its way to his stomach as well? The taste was noted as slightly salty but with hints of sweetness and the smell was that of warm beer. 

After an exchange with the shadowy and a third figure, the winged man had disappeared. Left all alone in the dark cell. 

Maddie(Ep) 

Maddie considered a slightly 'Heavy' human female too was captured but with less resistance as she was seduced by the Commander Magnus Victory Orcus. Taken to be her personal piggy with an anamorphic transformation. She was transformed keeping her human feature with a few modifications: a twirled tail, pink skin, pig like nose and increased sex drive, combined with an unwavering desire to please her mistress made Magnus a very happy Orcish commander. 

Mike.P (I) 

My arsehole was still pulsating; the puddle of 'special milk' had gone cold. Still with the taste in my mouth I remember the last thing I saw. 

Green muscular legs then a pair of green feet with black shiny toenails as if they were painted on, as the shadowy figure that had fucked me disappeared. 

The cell was dark and grim but the smell; the smell was something else I could not understand it was a new of experience to me as being fucked by a creature out of this world. 

All was silent until, the clanking of the heavy gates filled the tightly contained air, a small puddle of light leaked through until I could see again, well just more than usual. I was lifted and slung over someone's shoulder and my weaken arms could feel long hair brushing against it. I kept on guessing the identity of my captor or savour. 

I heard the female voice. "Your body will finally we put back to use." 

This narrows down the gender. She slipped a couple of finger into my crack as she moved through the stony hallway. If I did not have a lack of energy I would react to her wriggling it about in there. 

I was thrown down onto a pile of soft cushions, as I looked up I saw them, those hungry looking women with skin of all the shade of green looking down on me a second before coming down to sit beside me, supporting me and touching my body as I was fed food. 

"oh he looks so adorable" remarked one of the women. At this point I knew who they were, what they were. "ORCs!" I cried out as tried to stand and fight, with no avail. I was pulled back down. 

The one still standing up smirked as she stated 

"There is no point in attempting to flee, trust me free lunch and an amazing afternoon activity is anything a young man your age could wish for" 

I nodded as I took another bite, to conserve energy for another more successful attempt is what should be number one on the agenda. The meat tasted medium rare and the wine was something else but I think I preferred the beer. 

"Good, Atta boy." She said to me with a smile as she saw that I was following her command like a dog. She began to walk away before stopping and turning towards me agains. 

"By the way my name is Lieutenant Praefectus C.B of the fifth Orcish battalion." She added before continuing to walk off leaving me to what I must guess must be her inferiors. 

I tried to remember the Lieutenant's features; dark green skin with lean muscles, a six packs and white short hair. She along with a lot other orcs where wearing dark shinny plated bras and panties which barely covered their assets. 

The other female orcs with lighter green skin began to play with my hair as then me. 

"I wish I could just buy him and do this all day long" one remarked to other. 

"Nope, I have the most chances of buying him" replied a shorter orc with dark green skin like the lieutenant but with the hair style of the other soldiers. 

Maddy (I) 

The pungent aroma from her feet filled my nostrils now more than ever, as the transformation had given me the nose of a pig. Up and down then up again I licked until Magnus's feet were clean, it gave me great pleasure to start sucking her toe at will. 

"Ah this is bliss" I thought to myself. 

I went back to smell what her soles were like after I had worked on them, soon after I was stopped. 

"Put my boots back on, Piggy" She demanded. 

"Yes ma'am." 

"Now stand up", she said shortly after the boots were on. 

Magnus was muscular with green skin with hair parted to one side and shaved on the other side. She was the commander of these orcs, she was the boss. Well so she wants to think, I know for a fact that she serves a much high power. A high power of lust of wrath contained by muscle and cloaked by shadow, shrouded by mystery, with influence through history. 

I did not dare defy her power to her face, she kept me warm and satisfied as I did to her. Even now standing up looking at those majestic breasts was enough to keep my pussy dripping . As her fingers enter my slit my legs felt weak. 

"Commander" those words interrupted us as they came from the mouth of the Lieutenant. 

She carried on speaking after a short pause. 

"Commander, The human male is ready he is being fed but will be fit to start the procedure." 

Magnus let out and sigh as she removes her fingers from inside of me. 

"I will be there, but who will fuck my little piggy here?" 

The lieutenant replied whilst pointing behind me. 

"Perhaps, he will". 

Through a smoke of black and flash of white, or was it a smoke of white and a flash of black? Came the winged man. Finally the entity that Magnus and her orcs had been serving all this time had come forth. 

Magnus and Praefectus had knelt down and I soon did the same. 

"Rise" When those words came out of the winged man all three of us moved up as if it was second nature. He voice of power, stern and yet eerie. 

"I shall we gone now, my lord so I may help create new orcs. Enjoy my little pet if it pleases you." Magnus bowed her head as she and Praefectus left the room. 

I knelt once more but this time to take his large cock into my mouth, I felt large hands cup the back of my skull as I was gently guided on my little activity. The taste of his skin filled my mouth, it had no earthly comparison so I could not decide whether I enjoy the hated the taste, but I loved to have that meat in my mouth as it made my stomach growl and my pussy dripped. 

"Enough now rise" He words had become softer, as his wings began to rest slightly. 

He lifted me up by the shoulder then put one of his arms around back and the other on the base of my skull, holding my head steady. Picking me up he sped around so when we fell we both landed on the bed with him on top. My legs naturally spread as his shaft entered me all I could see was his shiny muscular body wet with sweat. Hes wings gave out a great whoosh as they erected and then retired to a semi position between spread and resting. As his cock went in and out I felt my legs grow weaker yet I held on tighter. 

"Oh god yes arggh" I cried out as my whole body went into sweet ecstasy, every muscle spasming and with hysteria. I could not think of what to say or do. Perhaps this is why Magnus worships the man? As soon as he moved from my body he pull me to toward him I was facing the edge of the bed he cock wet as ever has enter my mouth once more. I tasted my juices all over his rod, now the taste was familiar. I felt a slimy build up in my mouth. 

"Had he cum already?" I pondered in my lightly scattered mind. "No no, if he had I would know for sure" I reassured myself. 

Then he took it out in front of my eyes with his handed griped hard at the base of the head as I saw a stream of white cream danced out and congeals at the underside the shaft. Quickly I moved my head towards it sticking out my tongue to catch the sweet nectar, then sucking it in my mouth and I felt him cum in full force. He wings once erected as his cum filled my belly. 

"Arrrhhg" his voice was once again rough with desire and relief. 

He's cock came out with semen still in my mouth; he moved his hand up his meat to get every last drop in there. I swallowed it all; it tasted sour yet sweet but also with a hint of barley and perhaps should make a beverage out of this? 

I lay in the bed with a small trail of cum trickling down the corner of my mouth, I belly was full and my body too exhausted to move. 

Mike.P (II) 

The taste of wine still lingered in my mouth as I was ushered up and was ordered to start moving. 

"Where are you taking me?" I asked boldly but I did not expect that it would warrant a response much less an answer. 

"My little pale toy, how boring would life be without any surprises." The word "little" seem ironic coming from the mouth of the shorter 'orcess' but rightly so, I was a captive to these creatures and my privileges were limited. 

We stopped outside a large door with frames of steel and a body of dark thick wood, then out of the corner of my eye came the Lieutenant complying another orc with light skin and black hair all onto the right side with the left side shaved. 

"I am the commander Magnus Victoria Orcus." At least now I knew her name. 

"Bring him in, you girls earnt the chance to join in." Praefectus added. 

As the doors opened a guest of warm air danced across my face. Whilst naked I was brought in, to find large wooden beds heavily supported and topped by a mattress which featured a larger 'orcess' lying on top of it with pulley strap hanging to the ceiling hold up her massive feet so the legs are in a spread positions. 

"Forward" I was order. 

I obeyed, my escape route was block and I was slightly horny after being touched by the orcess. 

There I was standing an inch away from this orcess's dripping vagina, the other female orcs surrounded me on my left, right and rear as they gently guided me forward and my cock penetrated the mushy vagina. The second it went it I could feel the pleasure all across my body, but yet I was once again bold to ask. 

"So I'm going to father an orc of my own?" 

"Not just an orc. You see breeder orc like that one you are making love to, can produce up to eight new orc from a single man" replied Magnus. 

If I was not fucking this over grown lady, I would be intrigued by this knowledge. 

As the vagina walls run up and down on my cock as the orcess around me began kissing me on my neck, back and head. They took hold of my arms which up until now were trying to find its way to grab onto the breeder orc, and adjusted it so I would be inserting my fingers into their wet and lustful vaginas. 

The shorter one on my left started to lick my body, I then felts the one at the back slip her fingers into my arse hole and then began playing with it and simulating my prostate. Whilst nibbling my ear I heard the rear one whisper: 

"After this is all done, you should come and keep me warm for the night" 

I just groaned with pleasure. 

A few more seconds had passed I was still having sex with the giant orcess when the orc on my right had moved slightly out of the way to allow the feet of the giant orc to come directly against my face. 

"Worship me as you fuck me, little man." Words have finally come out of the mouths of the breeder orc who otherwise stuck to moaning in pleasure from my cock. 

I kissed her sole and moved my face up and down on them; her feet were far bigger than my own head. The ribbing on her soles caressed my face as I inhaled deeply, then I began to use my tongue and soon the taste of wine had been forgotten by me once again. 

Kissing different spots on her feet I decided to start sucking on small areas of it, then biting. I could see that I was going the right thing as the collective moans and groans in the room had increased. 

"Oh god yes" I let out a muffled moan of pleasure as I felt what might have been the most amazing orgasm in history. My knees almost lost the ability to support me as I came inside her. I felt it across my body, through my stomach and my prostate. The massive feet were moved out of the way and the orcess on the right had returned to my field of vision to kiss me passionately. I closed my eyes and all I could see was the winged man, and then the orgasm ran its course and I could catch a breath before be ushered down gently unto the ground. My cock dripping wet on the stony floor and my chest pumping up and down, then all 3 of the ocess that had been all around my body had laid beside me on all sides rubing my chest and moving their hands to each corner of my flesh. 

"Was that not good?" I was asked by the shorter orcess. 

"Ye-yes." 

"Well-done now you can rest before moving on" Magnus reassured me whilst standing over my and brushing her feet over my flaccid cock. 

Epilogue: 

Mike sat in the cell eating his dinner from a cracked plate and wine, when all of the food except for hand full of grape had all but disappeared his gulped the rest of his wine and slowly laid back down on the floor. He began ripping a grape of eating it and then another grape but this time with his eyes closed, he started to fantasise about the orcess' nipples, their toes, their clitorises and even the feel of the winged man's balls. This was all he could think about in his sleep as he masturbated subconsciously. 

The story will continue in A journey into a strange mind volume IV: Savana sunset.