 Many thanks again to EmmaKendrick01 for sharing her thoughts on the chapter!

*

The brisk river air whipped around Gwennalyn as she sat on the top deck of one of the triple-tiered royal yachts. Her father was taking his orcish guests on a tour of the Azure River, which ran through a large part of the realm. The intent, in her father's words, was to impress them with the pastoral scenery of its idyllic banks.

Because peasants and donkeys are so idyllic...

Aboard the yacht were the king and his family, accompanied by the usual retinue of nobles and guardsmen, and of course their orcish guests. Besides King Volfen, that included his own retinue, part of which were his two sons.

Gwennalyn watched Brand and Brash as they chatted with some members of her father's retinue. It was easy for her to tell that they did so reluctantly and with no little amount of contempt. They were much like her in that regard, with a healthy distaste for the social trappings that came with royalty.

Today was the fourth day of the orcish visit.

The previous three nights had been marked by wanton debauchery.

Each night, Gwennalyn would still spy on her handmaiden, watching as she cavorted with an orc. Once her lust would reach an unignorably high level, she would set off through the servant corridors to the Serrenwick Chamber, where she would present herself to the brothers.

That first night had been a wonderful sample of what they could give her. She had slept peacefully that night, curled up against Deiara, the handmaiden equally satisfied. In the morning, they had cleaned each other off, finding a copious quantity of orcish seed all over and inside each other. Gwennalyn had spent the rest of the day wandering around in a good mood, actually chatting with some nobles of her own free will, weathering their insipid conversation with no sarcastic remarks or thoughts.

The second night of their visit, the brothers had brought her into one of the bedrooms, commanding her to strip. Once she had obeyed eagerly, they had then ordered her onto her hands and knees on the bed. What had followed had been several hours of submission to their sexual whims. She took their cocks again and again, in her quim, ass, and mouth, even taking a few loads over her face or across her breasts. By the time they had dismissed her, her body was coated and clogged with thick seed, streams of it trickling from both lower holes. They had not taken her simultaneously as they had the previous night, but the orgasms that had assaulted her had nonetheless been as intense as they had been numerous. When she had returned to her chambers, she had snuck in to Deiara's to witness her finishing up her session with another orc. Once the orc had left, the princess had presented herself to the handmaiden, and they had cleaned each other before falling into slumber.

The third night, last night, had begun much the same. Deiara had hosted a different orc, one who had proved just as proficient as his predecessors. When Gwennalyn had visited the brothers, they had again ordered her to strip. That time, they took her together. With two thick lengths inside her, one buried in her cunt, the other lodged in her bowels, the princess had been overwhelmed by countless climaxes. After the brothers had filled her with their loads, they had taken her a different way, one pumping roughly in her drenched pussy, the other driving mercilessly down her throat. The brothers had fucked her into a drunken lust, her debauched slit gushing frequently onto one member, her lips drooling helplessly around the base of the other. After filling her with two more helpings of thick spunk, they had switched places, this time with the brother behind her ruthlessly pounding into her clutching asshole. The rest of her time with them had been an indistinguishable mess of sensations. All that she remembered at the end of the night was the brothers each unleashing once more into a goblet, and handing it to her. They had not needed to say anything; she had thrown it back eagerly, gulping down mouthfuls of their creamy seed, letting some of it overfill her mouth, trickling down her chin to drip onto her breasts. As they watched, amused by her whorishness, she had spent some time snacking on the cum clinging to her skin, moaning shamelessly at the heavenly taste. And when she had gone back to spy on her handmaiden, again catching her at the end of her orcish rendezvous, there had once again been plenty of thick spend for both women to gorge upon.

The past several nights had satisfied Gwennalyn deeply. After the brothers would ravage her, she would sleep very soundly. And even during the day, she found herself more relaxed than usual, feeling less strangled by the responsibilities and demands of her life. Even the mention of Lucien and their marriage arrangement did not arouse the dread it usually would. She was in too good a mood.

Along with this satisfaction came an ache that reached over her body. Her pale flesh was marked all over with bruises from the brothers' brutal attention. She had taken to wearing more flowing dresses, and to throwing a scarf around her neck, in order to better conceal those blemishes. However, earlier in the day, her mother had noticed a few on her arm, forcing Gwennalyn to come up with a believable story. Despite this inconvenience, Gwennalyn found herself aroused by the bruises, as reminders of her willful submission. Anytime her fingers ran gently over one, she would feel shivers cascading up and down her spine, her mind flashing to how she had received the bruise.

"So do you miss him?" came a teasing voice from behind her.

She turned to regard Avalyn, taking a seat next to her.

"Who?"

Her sister rolled her eyes.

"Lucien. Do you miss him?"

It was Gwennalyn's turn to roll her eyes.

"Heavens no."

Avalyn burst out laughing, taking a seat next to Gwennalyn.

"At least he's handsome," Avalyn said, nodding sagely, "having a handsome husband makes these arrangements more tolerable."

"What would you know of having a handsome husband?"

Her sister faked a gasp, leaning back with her hand over her mouth in overdramatized trauma.

"How dare you dishonor my husband so?"

Gwennalyn giggled.

Her sister laughed too, before adopting a serious expression, leaning in closer.

"Have you two...you know..."

"Fucked?"

This time the gasp was real, her sister blushing furiously.

"Don't let mother or father hear you saying that!"

"I won't, don't worry. And yes, we have."

A curious smirk appeared on her sister's face.

"And? How was it?"

Gwennalyn shrugged.

"It seemed sometimes like he did not want to be there, with me."

Avalyn nodded.

"I've heard he has a lover at his father's castle."

"I've heard the same."

"Perhaps you should get yourself one too."

The two of them giggled, but for different reasons.

As their mirth died down, Gwennalyn noticed her sister eyeing Brand and Brash. The brothers had moved, standing by the rail, looking out onto the water.

"I've heard it said that one orc equals two men."

Gwennalyn giggled again.

"Are you keen to test that statement out?"

Her sister shook her head.

"Not in the slightest. I've no desire to be ravaged."

A dreamy smile appeared on Gwennalyn's face.

I do.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Later that night, after another boring feast, Gwennalyn crept through the servant corridors. She had left Deiara with her orc lover, the handmaiden enthusiastically bouncing atop him. The enjoyment taken from watching her fuck was easily bested by the enjoyment taken from being fucked.

This time, the sitting room was empty.

But she could hear noises in the room to the left.

When she peeked inside, she had to stifle a gasp.

Brand was sitting on the edge of a large bed, his length jutting up into the air.

Brash, meanwhile, was in the center of the bed, pumping hard into an orc female, her round ass jiggling from the impacts. One hand gripped at her hip, the other kept her head pushed down into the mattress.

"There you are," Brand grumbled, catching sight of her.

She stepped into the room, biting her lip as she watched Brash fuck. The muffled moans from the female orc were enough to make her pussy clutch, expecting the same treatment.

Knowing by now what they wanted, Gwennalyn undressed, quickly naked before them. Whereas Brash ignored her, putting his attention entirely on his current conquest, Brand watched her keenly, his hand now closing around the base of his length.

"Come here and suck my cock," he commanded.

She obeyed immediately, walking over, dropping onto her knees once before him.

Her tongue ran over her lips as she leaned forward. A deep breath brought in his musk, but there was another scent accompanying it.

Gwennalyn also noticed a sheen of fluid on the veined flesh.

"I just finished using Razmal," Brand explained, "her cum is all over my cock."

Gwennalyn trilled in excitement, happy to have another flavor to try.

The two flavors, meaty flesh and sweet cream, mixed beautifully on her tongue. His manhood was hard and hot, throbbing powerfully. She sucked at the head, glancing up at him, by now used to his dismissive gaze.

Her eyes flickered to the couple on the bed. Brash's muscles rippled as he put his considerable strength into ravaging Razmal. The female orc was larger than Gwennalyn, her ample flesh bouncing from the fierce impacts. When Brash yanked back on her braids, her heavy breasts were revealed, shown off in their glory, thick nipples crowning the fat slopes. She cried out, her hands fluttering about, her hips pushing back frantically.

Gwennalyn kept an eye on the spectacle as she licked and lapped at Brand's member. The exquisite taste added a layer to the usual singe on her tongue. One of her hands slid down to her cunt, finding it soaked. Three fingers slid inside, crooking as they went, the slick channel clutching at them. She dragged her tongue down the dark green rod, slowly and lazily, until she reached his balls. Quivering with desire, she drew one into her mouth.

That fat shaft rested against her cheek as she slurped on the crinkled skin. Brand stared down at her, his lips drawn back in a grimace. Her fingers worked harder, trickles of cream already staining them.

Her attention turned to the other testicle, closing her mouth around it, bathing it in her spit. The heat thrumming from that thickness pulsated against her skin. It made her tremble, made her suck harder to debase herself for his amusement. Her other hand moved to her breasts to stroke them softly. The husky moans that spilled from Razmal's throat grew louder, Gwennalyn breaking off her prize to watch her body jiggle and ripple.

Brand did not give her much time to watch. After a few seconds, his length nudged against her cheek, demanding her attention. She glanced up at him, quickly closing her lips around the broad head of his member. His hand took hold of her hair, forcing her down, his fat meat pushing over her tongue. The taste of all that flesh drove her desire higher; her tongue worked wildly on the veined rod as it shoved deeper. Her soft groan turned into a wet gurgle.

Due to his insistent determination, in roughly half a minute her throat was clogged with his pulsing prick. A shiver ran up her spine at the feel of him so far down her gullet. Her nose was pressed against his stomach, her chin tight against his balls. She gazed up at him, mewling softly, her fingers curling and stroking inside her wet channel. He growled, his hips lifting slightly off the bed. The sounds of the other couple in the room grew louder, Brash's steady grunting complemented by Razmal's breathless panting. The submissiveness in those sounds was unmistakable.

That's probably what I sound like.

Gwennalyn batted her eyelashes up at Brand. His lack of attention did not affect her, as she knew that he was enjoying her.

He'd have to be made of stone not to.

His hand left her head, and she slowly slid back. A wet sound came from her mouth as his length slithered out. Once its fullness was presented to her, she cooed, pouncing on it, licking and lapping. Her soft tongue trailed from the base up to the head.

A splash of pre-cum landed on her tongue. The taste made her groan. She pressed her tongue to the head of his length, awaiting more streams of pre-cum. Her eyes fluttered, the tang tantalizing, her fingers working faster, a climax beckoning already.

"Do you like that, whore?" Brash asked Razmal.

"Yes!" the orc screeched. "Yes, yes, don't stop, please!"

Brash chuckled, the sound of his flesh beating against hers echoing in the room. Gwennalyn leaned back from Brand's member to watch the couple in action. Razmal was pushing back eagerly at Brash, who still had her braids in his fist, keeping her upright. Sweat beaded on their green skin, glistening in the low light.

An impatient grunt from Brand made her turn back to him.

"Don't worry, I didn't forget about you," she chirped airily.

He ignored her, his hand finding her head again, guiding her back to her task.

With an excited purr, she swallowed him, almost every inch shoving down her maw. Brand growled, his grip tightening in her hair.

His hips jerked back. She fixed her gaze on the inches appearing before her. They gleamed with her spit, the veins throbbing.

And then he hilted ruthlessly. Her fingers worked harder, abusing her needy cunt, her muffled groans going unheeded by Brand, who pulled back again. She gurgled happily, awaiting the next thrust. Thankfully, that came a second later, his balls bumping roughly against her chin.

Brand quickly set a demanding pace; after the past few nights, Gwennalyn knew that she could withstand it. Saliva bubbled at her lips from the incessant motion of his formidable length, mingling with his pre-cum. The combined fluids quickly began to break off, dappling her chin and neck, dropping off in slimy lines to splatter onto her breasts. Her free hand slid up to massage the slick juices into her flesh.

Both brothers were in full control of their chosen conquest.

As Razmal squalled, Gwennalyn choked loudly around Brand's surging shaft. Occasionally, Brash would taunt Razmal, in the same way he would the princess, highlighting her whorishness and submissiveness. Her response was similar to Gwennalyn's, a shameless plea for more, no hesitation in agreeing with his slights. Hearing somebody else react to it was incredibly intoxicating; the princess' cunt clutched greedily around her deft digits, coating them with cream.

Once again, Brand pulled out, his fat shaft filling her field of vision. She mewled, rubbing her cheek against it, sucking down gulps of his intense musk. The massive member lifted, and then dropped down, slapping against her face, more debasement courtesy of Brand. The arrogance and dominance of the act made her swoon. Her womanhood clutched around her fingers, a climax so close. Three more slaps followed, sending slick pre-cum splashing over her forehead.

"Open wide, whore," Brand rumbled.

She obeyed, eyes blazing with need.

In seconds, she was again choking around a thick cock. Brand stood, starting up the same punishing rhythm, this time fully using the formidable muscles in his legs to properly utilize the tight wetness of her throat. She squealed, an orgasm quickly overwhelming her senses. A flood of slick cream streamed forth from her slit as her fingers continued to twist and curl. Through her haze of ecstasy, Brand did not stop fucking into her gullet, pounding relentlessly, his heavy balls slapping disdainfully against her chin. Both of his hands were gripping at her; one had a fistful of her blonde tresses, the other held her by the neck, his grip assertive but not harsh.

By now, Brash had stopped talking to Razmal. Judging from the latter's shameless cries, she had reached orgasm several times.

Brand yanked himself from her again, allowing her a brief look at the couple on the bed.

Razmal was now face down again, Brash's insistent hand pushing on her head to keep her that way. His hips continued to snap back and forth, the green flesh of his length glistening with juices. It was only then that she noticed that he was pounding into her ass. She quivered, watching as he rutted furiously into the helpless orc.

And then her indulgence was torn from her, as Brand yanked on her hair.

She groaned with discomfort, but then cooed excitedly as Brand lifted his hefty member, once again showing off the swollen balls underneath. No command was needed; she dove forward, lapping enthusiastically, tasting the sweat and saliva gathered there.

The next few minutes passed with her happily licking and slurping at his testicles. As she showered them with affection, Brash fucked Razmal through several more climaxes.

And then Brash let out a deep groan that Gwennalyn now knew to mean his peak had been reached. Razmal mewled, the sound lewd and lustful. An image arose in the princess' mind, of a flood of hot seed gushing into the orcish female's belly, the fat prick spurting again and again. She shuddered, her lips locked onto one of the sweaty orbs, the heat of that formidable length thrumming onto her cheek. The thought of all that creamy cum fueled her already bubbling desire for her own helping.

She broke off those balls, gazing up at him.

"Please," she murmured, "fuck my face, please..."

Brand grunted in amusement.

"Please, fuck my face, cum down my throat..."

Her desperation was met with disinterest. All Brand did was lift his thickness, and smack it down onto Gwennalyn's cheek. Pre-cum splattered out onto her cheek, more of it smearing onto her skin when the disrespectful act was repeated. The lustful princess quivered, on her knees, taking more of those slaps against her pale flesh, continuing to beg. Her pitiful pleas went unheeded by the orc, who took a languid joy in defiling her features.

Underneath the haze of lust, she knew that if she had not begged, Brand would have soon given her what she had wanted.

But once she had bared her desire, his cruelty had reared its head. As usual, he took pleasure from torturing her, from reminding her of her powerlessness. What they would do was entirely his decision.

So he carried on ignoring her need, changing up the tactics, now slathering his musky balls all over her face. Despite her growing need for a heaping helping of his seed, she was more than content to take the abuse, moaning softly, keeping her head up and her eyes closed, the better to allow him to fully besmirch her.

Her fingers were still working at her quim. An orgasm soon rolled over her, making her gasp out, his fat balls sliding over her lips, slicking them with a potent mix of pre-cum and saliva. The taste was intoxicating, her tongue flicking out to gather more.

Once again, he changed tack, slapping his cock over her face. She squirmed, her thighs by now drenched in her ecstatic cream.

After one last thwack, he aligned his prick to her mouth, and thrust.

She moaned happily around the invader. Her fingers worked harder, driving her arousal up. Brand pumped roughly, sweat glistening on his muscled chest. The pace was just as merciless as before.

This time, Brand did not stop to further humiliate her, nor did he give her any pause. He simply fucked into her throat for a while, gritting his teeth as she gagged wetly. Another two orgasms had already wracked her nerves, suffusing them with fiery sensations. There was a twinge of discomfort, what with her having been on her knees on the cold castle floor for a while, but it was easy to dismiss, as the pleasure reigned supreme.

His powerful thigh muscles worked underneath her hand. The other hand had not left her quim since he had begun using her. Those insistent fingers worked ceaselessly in her clutching channel.
