 Blackened gold

Prologue:

Nyermina (pro)

One of the favourite pets of the Pharaohs' court; Nyermina, an aerobatic woman just like Sentoki but unlike her, Nyermina mostly uses her skills for the theatrics and entertainment of others. Enjoying being the centre of attention she would dual against like-minded women in front of descendants of the pharaoh, as did her mother, and her mother and her mother before that. Her maternal ancestors would perform in front of live Pharaohs back when they were more than just stories. 

It is said that Nyermina and all women in her family look like; hair up to their shoulders, painted with gold body paint. Those golden breasts always caught the attention of men and perhaps some woman, although it is not known if out of jealousy or lust. They wore fine panties that were almost covered by silk loin cloth with a belt above it holding their weapons. Despite being trained in all manner of weapons her choice of Weapons are that of a long thin blade with other shorter curved metals on each side so it looked like a small trident or a big fork, this weapon was called a Sia. Another weapon was an extremely curvy gold sword that had a steel edge. There are also claims by sight seers that Nyermina could have been one of her ancestors reborn; these claims are backed by Nyermina consent allegations of what it was like have dual right in front of the Pharaohs of old; however there is little evidence for this but Nyermina enjoys the spotlight.

Nagma(I)

As dawn broke the stamping of horses serenaded the air around the lust forested divided by a dusty road. The hoofs caused dust to awaken from the ground and float like a flower in the breeze until they began to fall back to where they once came. The girls were minutes away from the villa.

"I still don't see why we did not just go and charged the fucking gates." Azza complained. 

"I know. God, those orcess at the village were so easy. I could just take an entire army of them." Nyermina backed her up.

"Yh Nyermina. Easy like you." Nagma ruthlessly put down the complaining of both Azza and Nyermina. 

"To be honest, most of us are easy sluts." Gliese added. 

"Hey Mike! Which one of us are sluts?" Nyermina shouted towards Mike and Boudicca who were trailing behind on their horse. 

"Mike, Mike." Boudicca whispered to him from behind.

"Huh?"

"Say, All of you." She smiled. 

"Boudicca—I mean all of you!" His responds caused the entire group's laughter. Boudicca looked at him funny and then bit him. 

"Ouch." Boudicca gave a menacing giggle as Mike screamed and then kissed him. Gliese smile at them, her little sister had found love, in dark times and a hard life. 

The group approached the villa and went into the stables, to tether their horses and feed them their share of food. Laughing they approached the door of the villa and walked through its halls. As they stood outside the common room they decided to let the laughter die.

"Ok girls let's do this."

Lady M (I) 

"You naughty, naughty girl."

Lady M was sitting in her chair with Exiguus slumped over her knee and lap. With Sentoki and Ashanti sitting nearby. The teenage Orcess was nude and in the process of being spanked. As the hand slapped those bare ass a splatter of juice came flying from her nether region. 

"Ashanti, be a dear and pass me my Cain." 

Lady M rubbed her hands and turn to face Exiguus.

"And as for you young lady, up against the wall with her bum facing me." 

Lady M hardly noticed the dropped jaws on the girl's faces when they came in.

"Ashanti, Sentoki."

The girls screamed as they began to greet one and other and introduce new members of the group. Their reunion laughter was drowning out by the sound of Exiguus' short screams as Lady M repeated cained her poor arse.

"All good girls start from somewhere." That was her saying as she would deliver punishments. 

"Lady M, what are you doing." Nagma looked just as surprise as everyone else who had just come in.

"Well, Exiguus here had a little change of heart and alliances, so I am just helping her atone for her sins." She looked at Mike and approached him and starts to play with his hair.

"And we have this young man to thank for that." Lady M smiled as she kissed him.

"Now girls let us have a reunion breakfast, before everyone sets off again." Lady began to usher everyone out.

"Again?" Mike queried. 

"Yes, again. This time to green gate." 

A collective smile shot across everyone's face as they knew that they would no longer be sitting around waiting for events to come to them.

At the breakfast table the sun began to shine heavily on the group but Exiguus was hiding away from the piercing light, under the table. The atoning orc was feasting on porridge from a dog's bowl as members of the group bereted her with their feet. Azza stuck hers right in the orcess' pussy while lady M would massage the orcess' head with her. Exiguus was trained well, when Lady D placed her feet directed above her food Exiguus to worship her toes and sole.

The rest of them, were enjoying bread, cheese, grapes, wine and more. As they laughed and giggled, sharing their exploits from over the years.

Mike (I) 

After the breakfast the group split up to get rest in their own chambers. Boudicca and Mike led Exiguus into theirs. On the satin bedspread the young orcess was laid down, she was never accustomed to the fine material that cresses her skin not even the loot that they would acquire after a raid, had come close to this feeling, in fact all three of them had were not accustom to it.

"ugh, oh my. It is like I am swimming in a sea of smoothness." Exiguus began to move her arms and legs up and down like she was making a snow angel on her stomach. Mike took out his cock and Boudicca reached of a strap-on. With Exiguus now on all fours, Boudicca began shoving the artificial penis in the orcess mouth while Mike began on her pussy.

"That's right gag all you want bitch." Boudicca was very good at making another woman deep throat. Mike's groans were getting loader and more powerful as he thrusted the vagina of the young orcess, squishing her hips and taking deep long powerful pumps or short fast ones. Mike spared no expense when it came to making the sex rough.

Exiguus began to fumble with her hand on Boudicca's thighs, her moans were muffled. Boudicca stuck the toy deep in her throat and held it there for the longest time in the session, Boudicca then showed mercy and pulled the toy right out, leaving a trail of saliva. Mike too pulled out as he step from the bed and pulled Exiguus with him, with great force he flipped her over causing the orcess to suffer a shortness of breath as she was taken by surprise. 

Boudicca had taken off the strap on and began face sitting Exiguus but just after Mike caught a glimpse in her eye. As Mike kissed Boudicca all he could think about was that glimpse in the orcess eye, then he thought back his ordeal at green gate and how perhaps the table turning was not something he really wanted.

"After you're done with my pussy remember to get my asshole" Boudicca ordered the orcess before she continued to kiss Mike. Rubbing messy hair she whispered.

"I soon want you in me."

"I wish that time would come soon, my love." Mike replied.

Boudicca's facial expression changed as Exiguus followed orders and started to lick her ass hole. Boudicca lean back more pulling mike her with and causing Exiguus leg to go higher.

"Hey Boudicca, do you think you can use that thing on me?" Mike abruptly asked which caused confusion to Boudicca but as the confusion passed, she agreed.

"Erm, okay then. Let's make thing kinkier."

As she moved off Exiguus, Mike and Exiguus' eyes had a clear path. He leaned in and kissed her, despite what she had been doing. When Boudicca stuck the strap on into Mike's arse he jolted up but then he came closer to Exiguus. Eye to eye they met; she was of a different species yet looked and felt so similar.

The orcs and orcess that people have recently come across were not as monstrous as they were. 

"But why?" Mike thought to himself. 

"Why have their features become so much like ours."

Boudicca held Mikes shoulder as she fucked him from behind with the strap-on by Mike seemed indifferent about that.

Exiguus gave Mike a sad smile before she erupted into orgasm, her shuddering body, her ecstasy filled fleshed caused Mike so cum as well inside of her with a load powerful groan.

"Aragg yes, take it you bitch." After his climax, he kissed her other worldly lips as Boudicca pulled out and lay beside her.

"Looks like you stole my man."

Mike rolled on the other side of Exiguus and tried to reach out toward Boudicca.

"No, no. It's not like that, I was..." Mike looked worried.

"Shh, don't worry. I'm not mad." Boudicca placed her fingers on Mike's lips

"I'm sorry, I caused all thi..." Boudicca silenced Exiguus this time and gave a quick kiss on both their lips.

"I'm okay with this. Don't you see, most people fall in love with one person at a time but we all have fallen in love with each other at the same time." Boudicca smiled as all three of them lay down with their hands on their chest, trying to let what they heard sink in.

"I think you're right. I have two women who I love." Mike held Boudicca's hand over Exiguus as he fingered her wet ruined pussy.

Exiguus smiled, although she had found new different feelings for Mike, she did not know what they were and nor did she know if they were the same towards Boudicca.

The young lovers cuddled in each other's embrace for a while.

"You're wondering why I have not said much." Both Mike and Boudicca raised their heads as Exiguus continued.

"I have questioned my own race and what we stood for and now I am selling my soul to you two in hopes that I could be given to chance to rectify the sins of my fathers and mothers." Mike and Boudicca looked at each other and smiled at Exiguus.

"Sweetie, You're gonna help us attack Green gate, if it has not been attacked already. Our victory will only mean that your atonement will be over. You can then be free to love, free to love us both."

A tear came to Exiguus's eye as all three young adults held each other tighter. 

Gliese (I) 

She stood in the doorway as she overheard her sister's little speech of love and tolerance across races.

"Has my little sister given me a lesson in humility and love or has she proven herself and fool in her inexperience with these scum?" She thought to herself, before storming in on the three lovers. 

"Get up you two, we prep for the quest. And bring that rat with you." This caused an outcry from Boudicca. 

"Hey! She may be an orcess but she has a heart." The two sisters began to bicker.

"A heart? A heart?! Did you not see what she was going to do, what her kind did to the other women? And to Mike! Who you confess to love. Get up all three of you and come to the longue."

Boudicca and Mike were about to open their mouths before Exiguus stopped them.

"She is right, I was born a scum and bred to believe you the same, and even though I regret the things I did I have yet to atone for them at the present moment. I have no right to break your sisterly bond." She hung her head in shame and the others stood in silence and drenched in disbelief. 

As Exiguus raised her head she made eye contact with Gliese who gave an approving but condescending look. 

The hallway was polluted by their bickering, as Gliese' attention turns to Mike.

"Despite you having a cock, we let you in and all you did was softening my sister up more with that same cock and exposed not only yourself but my sister as well to a green devilish whore!"

"What about Mike's cock?" Lady M questioned as the four of them entered the room. 

"That's right, we heard you arguing, haha." Azza inappropriately joked.

Lady M (II)

"Ok now I had fun with her arse, I could not care less about Exiguus' past, her atonement could possibility outweigh her sin. Not only are men and women's life at stake, but also that chance that maybe one day someone would say women and men." 

As soon as Lady M gave them 'the look' the arguing stop and they fell into line. Around the table with a map of Asthanthia they planned. Both Nagma and Lady M took deliberates of giving the briefing to the group.

"Okay, so we go passed the black line, as it is just ruins now. Once we done that, we should be in the grim lands. Traveling further up through Forest dread we will be able to go around and scale into green gate." Nagma was very effective when giving orders and executing plans.

"And thanks to Exiguus we should be able to navigate around the castle effectively." Lady M added while looking at Gliese. After a pause she continued with the plan. To have Sentoki and Azza seek out the orcish commander and assassinate her and then rest to see if there are captives to be freed. Everyone nodded. With a clap she dismissed everyone. 

"To the horses' girls, you have your supply stocked and your weapons sharpen. You shall find me at the palace, to aid my son in gathering an army."

Lady M saw the group off before she went to her chamber to change her clothes. In the mirror he glanced at her naked body, and began to finger herself. 

Magnus (I) 

Deep inside of green gate below the ground and at the core of its tyranny stood an industrious chamber, grand in size. All around the cave were incubation chambers filled with orcs and orcess of all manners and sizes, further down when the red hot iron started to glow an outpour of armour big and small came swarming in with orcess on hand to sort through them.

In the centre was an altar that resembled more machinery than a sacrificial point. The altar looked like a small Furness made of stone, Magnus kindled the fire by poking it with a huge stick. 

"Now Maddie, I want you to see the power of the orc empire. After breeding captives for almost two decades we have enough orcs and orcess to refill the grim lands once more." Maddie just nodded whilst looking around the chambers at all the comatose orcs.  

"So what do these bones do?" She asked.

"Well you see, my sweet Madeline." Maddie's head shook in horror. No one had called her that in years. Magnus noticed this and grinned all before continuing with her speech.

"Well, since we received the bones and skull of the Orcish lizard, I began to burn the bones alone. With this, I have accelerated the aging process in the newer orcs to a more suitable fighting age range, about 20 years or so." 

"So what will the skull do?" Maddie seemed more and more intrigued by the chambers even as she spoke to Magnus, which annoyed her. Magnus placed her hands on Maddie's cheeks and kiss her, drawing her attention and keeping it.

"With the skull burning in the altar, the orcs and orcess with get the energy boast needed to rise up, and something thing else which will be a surprise, my sweet Maddie." 

With no more explaining, Magnus inspected the fire and placed the skull inside the furnace. It took a while for anything to happen, in that time Magnus stood behind Maddie and played with her breasts. Finally something changed in the incubation chambers. A few orcs gave a visible twitch; the twitch grew and grew until all the orcs began to move about in their chambers. 

The other orcess rushed to aid them in their endeavour, helping them get free of the incubation chambers. It took another good minute until they fully arose. An army, marching in ranks of three. They were walking for the first time. Stomping on the ground naked as they were lead to the lower chamber to be fitted with armour and swords.

Maddie observed some of the orcs and orcess; they did not look like Magnus or any of the orcess in her battalion. These new orcs were far more monstrous and ugly except for perhaps a few who looked more like giant green humans. Maddie noted the size of the orc's penises, about twelve inches swinging flaccid and the Orcess, they had breast about the size of her head but even they were dwarfed by giant orcess. 

Magnus interrupted Maddie's trance blank stare. 

"The giant ones are used more for maximum damage purposes." She whispered in her ear.

As the orcs were being armoured and armed. A rumbling was felted in the distance. One chamber had not spewed out its inhabitants, until now. Through the transparent wall of slide emerged claws, massive claws attached to a green hand.

"Oh my god." Maddie stood in disbelief.

From the final chamber, came Magnus' surprise, the bane of the world that she had been anticipating in the form of a massive flying reptilian. Sharp claws of dread and green skin of shiny terror, its teeth could have been mistaken for the entire arsenal of an army of knights and wings. Wings that could separate a man's soul from his heart just by a little gust produced by them.

The dragon flew towards Magnus and while it landed, Maddie came face to face with it enormous phallus which quickly withdrew into it body. Maddie stood in silence. Her race was sure to be gone. Magnus turn her head and gave her a grin while petting the creature.

"His name is Ger'dak the orc dragon."

Magnus smiled nervously. 

Maddie (I) 

From behind Magnus came another orc, ushering Ger'dak towards where all the arming was taking place. After the dragon was being tamed the orc returned, captivating Maddie. He was not like the other orcs and their twisted monstrous faces. No, he was taller than Magnus and looked just like her, very humanlike but with green hard orcish skin and light stubble with matt black hair. He however had a scar running through his face. As he came closer again he kissed Magnus' cheeks.

"Hello sister, It was been quite a long time hasn't it."

Magnus smiled.

"Yes Gallicus, it has."

"Sister?" Maddie blurted out.

"Yes Maddie, Gallicus here is my twin brother, he is my dragon rider. He and Ger'dak were injured a long time ago but I managed to place him in the chambers to heal. We also had a half-brother you know? But he was killed by your kings."

"Oh I'm sorry to hear that." 

"Don't be, he was an arse." Gallicus interrupted.

Gallicus moved towards Maddie who was frozen at the sight of the naked orc. His cock hung down freely perhaps eight inches flaccid. Gallicus began touching Maddie's cheeks and inspected her every inch and kissed her cheeks.

"Where did you find such a beauty?"

"I took her from the ruins of that brothel; you know the twin houses ones?"

"Oh yeah, I remember that." Oh what fun it was to raid human lands.

Maddie's head swung low which was noticeable by both the orc siblings.

"Oh erm, Maddie's village where worked as a whore was raided by the 'The first penetrators."

Gallicus was smirked and grinned.

"Sorry to hear that, war makes a monster of us all. If it makes you feel better, I once stuffed Scougen arrow head's boots with goat shit because he told on me to my father. Oh yeah and my half-brother once told me that Scougen had some stamina problems during sex."

Maddie laughed and smiled and Gallicus rubbed her body. He looked at Magnus and she nodded. 

"C'mon let me take you upstairs and fuck you." He smiled and grinned. 

As Maddie walked out of the chambers she looked around to see the orc come out in full swing, no longer were they greenish women carrying out petty raids, now their ranks were full of ugly, horrid creatures and god know what they will be used for.

Gallicus led Maddie into a bed chamber, full of female orc soldiers.

"Clear out, now." They all scurried of as soon as they recognised Gallicus from when they were younger. 

"I don't know why they are not in the core chambers helping out my sister."

Gallicus began to kiss the smiling Maddie, and then he started to kiss her breasts and different parts of her body, caressing them as he went. When he stopped, he guided Maddie's head to his cock. Maddie kissed the flaccid penis, all eight inches of it as she ran her lips through its flesh before it suddenly started to harden slightly. 
