 It was a typical, dark day in the castle. Everyone was getting ready for, yet another, banquet that Irvin was throwing. Miyu sat in her room dreading the night. She would have to dress in a manner that she never would on her own accord, unless her father insisted. Irvin would, of course, insist because there would be many suitors present at the banquet, trying to win her hand. She found none of this appealing. 

Miyu longed for the time when life was much simpler. She just wanted to be outside, and be able to run around in the sunlight, like she had when she was a small child. Being a Vampire, sunlight was a very special privilege that she enjoyed. Miyu was a half breed. Not everyone in the castle was happy about her heritage, but most people kept their feelings quiet, no one would dare risk Irvine's displeasure. 

Her father had fallen in love with a human woman, and soon after, Miyu was born. After her mother died unexpectedly, Miyu was forced to play the role of a princess. Tonight would be no different, she would be expected to dress up, and dance with every guest that asked her. The only element that set tonight apart from the rest, was that there would be humans at the banquet. There was a war coming; The humans and Vampires had become allies. So, to show that they were happy to have such great warriors, as the humans were, fighting with them, they invited their new allies to one of the great banquets. 

Miyu sat in her room contemplating what it would like to be free of bothersome obligations. Silver, her small pet dragon, sat in her lap. She patted him, finally able to break her own thoughts. Now she wondered when her chamber maid would come in, and what kind of ridicules costume she would dress Miyu in.

"Princess Miyu, why are you playing with that dragon, when you should be getting ready?" The chamber maid said as she came into the room.

"You know very well that where ever I go, Silver goes too." Miyu snapped back

"I just wish you were more like other girls." 

"Get use it, because I am not changing for anyone."

"And that is why I love being your chamber maid"

The maid got out a long white gown one that Miyu actually did think was beautiful. The maid laid it out on the bed so it wouldn't be disturbed while she was busy pulling the shoes, and stockings she would need to dress Miyu. It took four hours the get ready, and Miyu was getting impatient. She was tired of having her hair pulled in every which way, only to have it straitened into small braid, placed on the top of her head, to keep her hair out of her eyes. 

She was a very beautiful girl, standing 5'6, with long black hair, and a small slender body. She looked like her father, but had most of her mothers features. Many suitors had asked for her hand but she turned down all of them refusing to marry unless she was in love.

"You look stunning my dear." The chamber maid said.

"Do you really think so Mel?" Miyu asked.

"You look just like your mother bless her soul." 

"For being a vampire, you have a soft heart."

"That is just how I am. Now, get down to the party before your father has a fit." Mel said smiling

"I guess I should go. Come on Silver." Miyu said as the small dragon flew up on her head.

"Miyu! you know your father doesn't like it when you do that." 

"I really don't care, you know he's going to follow me, so he might as well stay on my head." Miyu explained on her way out of the room.

She walked slowly to the hall, knowing that most of the guests would be there already. She looked over the railing, and saw that there was indeed many people there, human and vampire alike. She scanned the room for her father, so she could tell him she was there. She saw him talking to a young boy who looked no older then she was. He was tall with short, dark-brown hair. Miyu walked down the stairs, and approached her father to greeting him first, so he wouldn't complain.

"Miyu, how many times must I tell you to leave that dragon in your room?" Irvin said glaring at her.

"You know just as well as I do, he was going to follow me here anyway's so why not let him ride on my head like he always does." Miyu said patting Silver

"Never mind that. This is Jin, he is the son of the humans' leader." Irvin said introducing the young man.

"Its very nice to meet you." Miyu said, bowing her head slightly

"Its very nice to meet you as well my lady." Jin said, taking Miyu's hand and kissing it.

"Well Jin, already showing your charm I see." A man said touching Jin's arm.

"No father, I was just being polite." Jin replied nervously

"Do not be so modest, look at her! She is quite a beauty to behold." The man said.

"Now Augustine, this is my daughter your talking about. I think you're going to upset Silver." Irvin said looking at Silver glare.

"My, she has quite the little protector there on her head doesn't she." Augustine said laughing.

"Oh I have more protection than you think." Miyu said smiling.

The entire time her eyes never left Jin's. Then, there was a tap on her shoulder.

"My Lady, may I have this dance?" A young man said smiling widely.

"Ummm... Actually, I already have a partner for this dance, I'm sorry Zack." Miyu said, looking at the young man behind her. He was tall with long, black hair. He was good looking, but Miyu could not stand him. She had grown up with him and he never paid any attention to her until she started to develop. Then he never left her alone always whispering into her ear the things he would do to her in bed. She hated to be hear him he made her skin crawl.

"The song is beginning, Miyu, I don't see your partner anywhere." Zack said holding out his hand.

Miyu looked at her father, pleading him to get Zack away. Irvin only shook his head, and urged her to dance. Miyu sighed, but then grabbed Jin's hand, and pulled him out to the dance floor. He struggled, but could not break her grip. 

"Don't struggle. I'm stronger than I look." Miyu said. She paused to put his hand on her waist. 

"I cant dance... I'm a fighter not a dancer." Jin said looking down at her.

"Oh hush. Follow my steps, you'll catch on; There is nothing to it." Miyu said, as she started to move to the music, and moved JIn along with her. 

She laughed when she saw him tense up. He was quite handsome, and she never took his eyes off of him. He was also a quick learner. By the next song, he was dancing like a pro. Even Silver seemed to take a liking to him. Silver had jumped from her head to his. Jin didn't seemed bothered by it. 

The party lasted until almost midnight, before her father came up and told her it was time for her to go to bed.

"Honestly, you treat me like a child" Miyu snapped.

"Its late. We are sending all the ladies to bed so the men can discuss the battle ahead," Irvin explained.

Miyu rolled her eyes, and hesitantly let go of Jin. 

"It was a pleasure meeting you but it seems its past my bed time, so I must be leaving you. Come on now silver." 

Silver let out a low groan from on top of Jin's head. Miyu laughed, she had never seen Silver like anyone else just as much as her, but here he was on top of a stranger's head. 

"It was a pleasure meeting you as well my lady." Jin said, taking Miyu's hand. He kissed it softly.

"Goodnight. Thank you for the lovely night." Miyu said, as Silver flew on top of her head.

"It was nothing. You made it better by allowing me to spend so much time with you." Jin said smiling.

At that moment, a window broke. Everyone stopped what they were doing, and looked around to see what was going on. Irvin and Augustine looked at each other, and quickly decided that it was time to take action.

"Jin get the men ready for an attack!" Augustine ordered.

"Miyu, to your room now!" Irvin yelled.

"Father, I'm not a child. Let me fight." Miyu argued

"I said to your room." 

"Why do you insist on treating me like I cant..." Miyu started, but a man came up behind her, and put a dagger to her throat.

"Now you'll do what we want, if you want this little girl to live." The man said, pulling Miyu away.

"Don't hurt my daughter. I'll do whatever you want." Irvin said.

"See. I knew they would protect you." The man whispered into her ear.

"You see that was your first mistake, to think I actually need them to protect me." Miyu said, as she willed her hand to set fire.

She grabbed the man's arm, and he yelled in pain. She smirked and whistled. When she did this, Silver started to growl.

"I suggest that you get your men out of here. Silver has been dying for a snack." She said, pointing to the small dragon on her head.

"What do you think that little thing can do." The man sneered.

"Oh he can do a lot." Miyu said, as she raised her arm so Silver can perch on it. "This is your last warning."

"We're not going anywhere until we get what we want." 

"And what do you want?" Jin said as he stepped in front of Miyu.

"Get out of the way Jin, I don't need your protection." 

"We want the girl..." The man said pointing to Miyu

Miyu was upset. Not only did no one take her seriously, but now these men wanted to steal her. She was tired of being treated like a child, and a possession.

"Silver Fly!" Miyu said as silver took flight.

As he did, he grew into a full-sized dragon. He was not the cuddly, little baby that was on her arm. He flew through the hall, and picked up everyone he knew to be one of the intruders. He killed them instantly then returned to his small size and sat on Miyu's head again.

"I warned you. You are the only one who will live. I spared you so that you can tell your leader, if he wants to get his hands on me, he will have to come himself." Miyu said turning and leaving.

(AB edited this story for me and i wanted to say thanks your a life saver) 