 this story was edited by Daniellekitten it wouldnt have been possible without her than you so much Danielle your the best

Also any similarities to Acheron of the Dark Hunter series of Sherrilyn Kenyon is coincidental I have never head of it but will be going to buy the books to see what everyone is talking about. Hope you enjoy this part of the story 

Jen

************************************************

Miyu walked to her room exhausted. It has been awhile since she used that kind of power. Silver sat on her head looking down at her as if worried. Finally getting to her room she walked in and saw that Mel has laid out her clothes for her. Walking up to the bed she placed Silver on the bed and sat down to take her shoes off. She sat on her bed and thought it was weird that no one had followed her. This was not the first time she showed her true power.

She was nine when a thief came into her room and she burned him into dust. She didn't mean to but she was scared and didn't really do anything. The fire just protected her like it knew she was in trouble. Her father had forbid her to use the fire that her mother left with her until he could find her a teacher.

She was seventeen now and still couldn't control her power all that well. Sighing she patted Silver on the head and began to undress. Just as she started to unzip the back of her dress there was a knock on her door. Stopping she looked at it and put her head back. Guess her father was going to yell at her after all. Walking to the door slowly she touched the knob and tried to think of what kind of lecture she was going to get. She opened the door slowly and looked at the figure that was standing before her.

"I couldn't sleep and thought I'd check up on you," Jin said smiling. 

Miyu looked up at him and blushed. "Thank you for coming." 

"It was no problem really I was just worried." 

"I'm alright you don't have to worry." 

"That's just the way I am. You looked like you were strained when you walked away." 

Miyu just looked up at him. She didn't know what was going on. Her heart was racing and her knees felt week. Looking into his eyes she could tell he was different from the other men who tried to win her hand.

"Are you alright?" Jin asked touching her shoulder. 

"What? Oh yeah I'm fine..." she stuttered. 

"Can I come in or would you want to go for a walk?" Jin laughed. 

"Oh we can go for a walk just let me get out of this silly thing." 

"Alright I'll wait here."

Miyu closed the door and put her back to it breathing hard. She looked at Silver, he was ready to go out for some air. Running to her closet and got out a plain black skirt and top. Almost tearing off her dress she got changed and looked at Silver and pointed to her head. The little dragon made a friendly growl and flew up on her head. Running to the door she calmed down and opened it smiling.

"That was quick" Jin said looking at her.

"I was getting ready to get changed so it was nothing," Miyu whispered. 

Laughing Jin put his arm out waiting for her to take it. She looked at him and shook her head no and started to walk to the stairs. Shrugging, he walked after her, catching up quickly. He laughed again when Silver once more jumped on his head when he caught up Silver once again jumped on his head and Miyu laughed. 

"What's so funny?" he asked. 

"Silver he's never like that with anyone," she giggled. 

"So that's funny?"

"He usually attacks any man who gets near me especially Zack, so to me it is funny." 

Jin put his hand up and patted Silver on the head thinking that this might be a sign that the girl walking next to him was the one. His father had been telling him to pick a woman so that he would settle down. The problem was that Jin hated the typical women he was introduced to. 

He wanted someone with brains and courage; and yes, dare he say it, beauty. He never found anyone like that. None of the girls his father tried to fix him up with seemed to suit. They were all to plain for his tastes 

Then he saw her tonight. She was a beautiful half-breed woman that was everything that he was looking for in a girl. She had shown she had courage when the man tried to kidnap her. He could tell she had brains by the way she talked and instructed him when they were on the dance floor. 

Then he started to think if love at first sight was real. He looked at this girl and knew that he didn't want to let her go. That he didn't want anyone else to have her but him. Not to mention he had the sudden urge to take her right there in the castle hallway. He shook the thought away and realized that she was leading him into a garden. 

"You looked like you were in a deep thought. I think you're using too many brain cells there," she laughed. 

Laughing he looked down at her "No I was not using too many brain cells and yes I was in a deep thought. Thoughts of you." 

"Oh really and what thought was that?" 

"I don't believe that is any of your concern now, is it your highness?" 

"It is too my business if you're thinking about me," she said pushing him gently. 

"I'll tell you next time," he laughed. 

They walked a little further into the garden not really saying much. After about five minutes of not talking Miyu finally spoke up. 

"So how did the battle plans go?" she asked. 

"There was a lot of arguing. Seems like we just can't come up with a plan." He said rubbing his neck. 

"I see... Well we are facing a strong opponent." 

"That's true. Well I know that me and my father will be staying here until we figure out what we're going to do." 

Miyu's eyes lit up. "So that means you'll be staying in the castle?" 

Nodding he answered, "yes seems that way." 

They stopped and sat on a bench, noticing that there were three figures walking toward them. 

Sighing Miyu knew it must be her father and Zack. She wasn't in her room so they were bound to look for her. As for the other man she didn't know who it was. 

"I thought we'd find you here ,Miyu, just didn't know that he would be with you." Zack glared at Jin. 

"Well I don't think whoever I'm with is any of your concern," Miyu snapped back. 

"Actually I think it is," Zack said smirking. 

"And why is that?" Miyu asked moving closer to Jin. 

"Your father will tell you." Zack said as the other two men came up beside him. 

The other man was Augustine, Jin's father. It wasn't a surprise that he was here as well seeing that his son had also been missing. 

"Jin I think we need to give these three some privacy so that they can talk," Augustine said, motioning for him to get up. 

Not wanting to leave Miyu, he hesitated before he got up. Looking down at her he smiled and took her hand. 

"Will you give me the honor of seeing you tomorrow princess?" he asked. 

"I'll have to think about that," Miyu said smiling. 

Laughing, he kissed her hand. "Until tomorrow." Jin and Augustine started to walk back to the castle leaving Irvin, Miyu, and Zack alone. 

"Now what is it that you want to talk about?" Miyu asked aggravated that they made Jin leave. 

"I have decided to pick a suitor for you," Irvin said. 

"What are you talking about?" she asked getting up. 

"You will be married before we go of to war."

"And to whom have I been promised to?" 

"To me," Zack said taking her hand. 

"Over my dead body!" Miyu screamed, furiously ripping her hand from his. 

"You have no choice in the matter, Miyu. It has been decided," Irvin explained. 

"I am not your property, you cannot just give me away. I don't love him," Miyu snapped.

"Miyu, this kingdom needs a new Queen and King," Irvin sighed. 

"Then I want to pick the man I marry. Please, father, just give me a little time," Miyu begged. 

"Very well you have half a year to find someone. 

If you don't, you will marry Zack," Irvin said walking away telling Zack to go with him. 

Glaring at Miyu, Zack followed the king. Almost in tears Miyu reached up to pat Silver and realized the he had never left Jin's head. 

Smiling she started to run to the castle to find Jin. This was an excuse she could use to see him again.