 A journey into a strange mind |Vol 9| The darkest night and wars to come

Prologue: The orcish invasion spread across northern Asthanthia, only near the boarders of Gal and Faust, were the orcish forces low in numbers. Though they slipped through some military towns, the orcs were still met with heavy resistance. Nagma and her company of a hundred and fifty solider and her fellow warrior women along with Mike travelled to the villages, while the rest of the men stationed at the barracks fought the orcs that came their way.

His footsteps echoed as the man walked through the darkened hallways; the shadows covered some of its lavish features but failed to smother out its kindred spirit of the fine varnish. Opening the grand old doors and came forward to a man; he looked about in his fifties or sixties. Beside him was the large and portly woman on a leash and wearing a metallic mask over her lower face, the mask resembled a pig's nose and mouth. 

"Master, Farlow. Our dark lord sends his forces to the lower region of the country; the northern front has been defeated." He bowed his head.

"Indeed, the northern quarter would have been hard to conquer. Those whore warrior women command an army, so I heard." Farlow began to stroke his beard. "Our master will prevail, so long as the northern and south forces are separated." 

"Indeed master, but what if they become unified?" 

"That orcish bastard will ride his dragon to burn any human forces as he can find. Our race shall we gone before the season turns." Farlow petted the woman's auburn hair. "Isn't that right, Piggy?" The woman gave a desperate nod. The men then delighted in playing with her.

"Oh yes, should any of this fail, I need to cut of the head of the resistance." 

"Yes, Master Farlow." 

Nagma(I) 

Nagma and the warrior women were the spear heads of the counter attack. They rode their horse except for Ashanti, who mounted her great lion, Rafa. Now they approached the village. Sentoki and Gliese took a hand full of riders a diverted from the group.

"Get ready, girls and boys." Nagma swooped in on an orc, standing near the village outskirts, the group then met with more orcish soldiers; now bigger orcs were no longer a problem, as the horses were quick enough move around while the rider could strike by wavering up. "Alright, we have more, coming in." 

Fifty more orcs arrived; their formations were tightly knitted, with spears on the outer rims and sword men in the core. "Hold." Nagma waited. Though the air was smoke filled, she could see the grin on the orc's faces. 

From behind, Sentoki's group ambushed the fifty orcs, from behind. The orc's formation did not count for a rear attack, which was their bane. "Charge!" Nagma's group rushed in from the front, suffocating the orc. With the distraction, the orcs spear men did not see Nagma' company come close enough to them for their weapons to be rendered useless. The human formation withdrew and reformed. "Well done." Nagma smiled.

"Same thing we always do." Sentoki replied.

"My lady, it seems as if there are more orcs with in the eastern part of the village." The captain informed Nagma.

"Ok then. Sentoki, break away again, same tactic as before." 

The company rode in and charged about a hundred of the orcs. Rafa jumped in her, grabbing a hand-full with his great jaws, Ashanti jabbing away at them. Azza used her scimitar to cut down an orcess, the kind that looked much like a human; it seemed as if they had become very rare. Boudicca and Exiguus took on a giant orcess, about twelve feet. "Wow, did see her tits?" Exiguus smiled and Boudicca.

"That's all you can think about." Boudicca replied. The group had mowed down bout sixty of the orcs. The remaining forty scattered in to housings of the village. Nagma got off her horse.

"Captain, The woman and I wish to flush them out from the nooks and crannies of the village." Nagma decided to dismount and leave the houses with the remaining soldiers. The captain gave a blank stare, before he complied. "I will also need you do patrol the areas, kill the orcs on sight and make sure they do not all rush in on us"

Nagma went through to one of the alley ways of the village. She heard footsteps; two orcs came at her, she use the other orc and the surrounding buildings against the second to block his attack. Once the first was defeated she then turn her attention to the second, killing him. Three other orcs came in on her, as two swords clashed and gave out and soft cry, Nagma twisted and spun around behind the orc's leg, cutting it and then aimed for the stomach of the next, on her way back up. She has dodged the fifth orc. "Your friend are gone, care to join them?" She taunted the orc. In a rash state, the orc charged her. She blocked and deflected his attack so that the orc would stumble past her, giving Nagma the chance to strike behind him.

Nagma looked around and saw five more orcs in end of the ally and five more in the other. She was surrounded. Inhaling and exhaling slowly, allowing the orcs to charge her, she ran into a house. The rooms are small and messy, she waited by the door. The orcs came rushing in, they were channelled through the door; one orc at a time. Nagma clashed swords with the first one before deflected his arm, she then stabbed the orc behind her and return her attention to the first. Killing him, she closed the door, and when she felt it move, Nagma poked holes in it. The screams of the orcs, signified that the plan had worked. Pulling away before the orcs did the same. 

They barged the doors open, only to be greeted by the fast and nimble Nagma, she managed to kill another four. 

"Once, we're finish with fight with you we will spit you open with our cock!" The orcs charged Nagma once more, she dodge the first attacker and stroke the second, injuring him. The third one was the biggest and the slowest, Nagma slew him and let his body fall the second orc, with that distraction, Nagma charged the first orc, slaying him. 

"I don't know how many that is." Nagma thought to herself.

Azza (I) 

Through multiple rooftops and balconies of the buildings, she jumped. Scouring the streets for orcs, there beyond two houses, she spotted a group of five orcs.

"Those viscous cunts mowed us down, who 'ere saw how they did it." The orcs conversed between one and other, unbeknownst to the couching Azza. Slightly she approached and jumped down behind one of the orcs. With the twin dagger she took care of him, now the element of surprise gone Azza sheathed one of her daggers to allow her right hand to hold her Scimitar. She used both the scimitar and dagger to slay the rest of the orcs. Hearing voices of the men she ran back towards the centre of the village.

Naga (II) 

"So how was it then?" The captain looked surprise to find Naga alive and well.

"Took on about sixteen or fifteen orcs." Nagma gloated. "And you Azza, how many?" 

"About five." Azza smiled as Nagma busted in laughter. Ashanti, Boudicca, Mike and Exiguus arrived with Sentoki's party. "Kill any orcs?" 

"Yes, Plenty. We should start going off to the next village." Sentoki did not seem very patience.

"Alright then, we should probably leave come men behind to guard the village." Nagma turn to the captain, who nodded and began to give the order to his men. Nagma drew in a quick breath before set of once again, heading east.

Nagma (II) 

They road fast, hunting down every orc in their way. Nagma looked towards a nest of orcish archers. "Shields!" She screamed. The men who had shields raised them as the arrows flew up. Riding beside the women there were armoured men with shield who rode changed their formations to that the women, commander and anyone near the front without and shield would be protected. One young lad was struck down by an arrow and his horse aimlessly ran amuck. 

"Archers Load, Fire!" Nagma commanded a rain of human arrow to come down upon the orcs, though it was not as much in comparison, it was able to hit one or two orcs, while the cover duck for cover which allowed them to be run down by the human company.

"Who was that?" Nagma looked back.

"Some squire boy." The captain replied. Nagma began to worry, searched for Oscar.

"Where is my horn boy?" She asked. 

"Over here, my lady." Oscar smiled; Nagma looked him deep in his eyes and squinted. 

"Good, I need your horn soon. If you die, I will hurt you bad." Nagma pulled her horse away. "Captain, spare some men to bury him." The captain and surrounding men grinned. 

Onwards they rode towards the nest; the horses galloped and swords slew all orcs in their path, the nest was cleansed. 

As they approached the village they saw that all the orcs has surrounded it, ready for a siege.

"Formations!" Nagma cried out. The company spread out as the arrows began to fly, more riders were taken of their horses by them but the soon the human archers returned fire. Most of the orcs on the walls were hit and fell to the floor.

The formations tighten around the orcs, like a cock ring. The human soldiers managed to break through, and flooded into the village, slaying all orcs in their sights. Oscars sounded the horn by order of Nagma. This village was unlike the last, it had very few nooks and crannies where the orcs can run of too.

"Look like we managed to hold them back." Gliese placed a hand on Nagma's shoulder. "You like tat horn blower?" Gliese gave her a devious smile.

Nagma ignored her and stepped of her horse. "Now we need to secure this front, if Arthur can bring some men to strengthen the defence then we could charge the Grim lands." 

The women stared toward the red sky.

Lady M (I) 

Magnus, Lady M and Maddie rode pass armed guards; Magnus wore a cape and hood to conceal her identity. The smoky ruined of the palace could have been seen by them. Dark and horrid, it spiralled and danced high above towns and buildings. 

"Good day soldier, erm what had happened there?" Lady M asked a passing soldier. 

"Didn't you hear? A dragon, my lady. A great big orc dragon. It came in the dark and burnt everything and everyone in the palace, well not everyone." The soldier seemed frightened by the memories invoked. 

Lady M's heart sunk. "Have you heard anything of an Arthur Dominus?" 

"Oh you mean the new prince? Aye. He's heading this army. Lovely bloke." The soldier smiled and walked off.

"Prince?" Lady M thought to herself. "How could Arthur become a prince?" Her thoughts become to leave her mouth.

"The king and his son perished and I wed Arianna." Arthur arrived with ranks of officers and guards by his side and behind.

"Arthur!" Lady M cheered in joy. 

"Yes, mother. Now I will lead these men against the grim lands." 

"Oh my son, do we careful. I will I could explain more of this plan to you but time is short." Lady M held back the urge to touch her son's face; it may cause him to appear weak in front of his men. 

"I shall be off then, mother. Here take these two men to protect you on your journey." Arthur's horse galloped on towards the van guard. 

Magnus (I)

"So where do travel to?" One of the guards spoke to break the awkward silence. 

"To my villa, there shall be work to be done there." Lady M smiled, she tried her best draw attention from Magnus and Maddie.

"Oh I see, I reckon it would be nice to live in a villa." The guard looked by and smile, imagining himself with riches. "My missus would love me if I bought her one." The other guard grinned and so did the women.

"Not even that would make her love you." The other guard poked fun at his colleagues. 

"What do you think..." The guard started to converse with Lady M, but Magus blocked it out. They were talking about some relationship advice or something like that, Magnus did not care. Instead, she drifted away and thought about her mother, Mor'lock.

She remembered that once in her late teens, she had just come back from a hunt; her mother was lying in her bed chambers with a human she had met long before Magnus was born.

"Mother?" Magnus peaked into the room. 

"Come in, dear." Her mother was cuddling with the human male. Magnus jump unto the bed and wrapped herself under her mother's arms. Mor'lock was much more muscular and taller than Magnus.

"Hello Magnus" The human male came to her side and kissed her on the head. Magnus smiled, he always treated her well, even better than her own father. 

"Hello Jones." Magnus was still shy and giddy around her mother's human slaves. "Mother, we raided human camp in our lands." Magnus seemed proud.

"Wonderful, I hope you slew them well." Mor'lock kissed Magnus. Jones felt slightly awkward, which begged Magnus to question her mother.

"Mother, are the humans' really, sub-species? Everyone tells me they are." Magnus tilted her head. The question gravely frustrated Mor'lock.

"No. My dear, they are just different. They kill us and we kill them, it's political. Perhaps we can live in peace, but I don't see that in the future." Mor'lock brushed Magnus' hair with her fingers.

"Mother, can you teach me to fuck?" Mor'lock was surprised, but he knew that this was the nature of an orcish society. 

"Fine, my dear, show we what you know so far." Mor'lock bit her lips. As Magnus' fingers began to lift the loin cloth of Mor'lock. Jones was incredible aroused. "go head fuck her." Mor'lock knew what Jones wanted.

Magnus felt the moist wet pussy of her mother in the finger tips. Slowly she began to finger the wet cunt. "Is this okay, mummy?" she seductive asked.

"Yes, now come over and eat mummy." Mor'lock started to take her own breast out to play, while her daughter was on all four; lick her moist wet cunt. Jones went behind Magnus and started to finger her as well, before slipping his white human cock deep into her.

"arggh fuck yes." Jones was enjoying the fresh new pussy that he received. Mor'lock moved her large feet into front of Jones, teasing him.

"Ohh ohh." Magnus moaned as did her mother. Mor'lock began be engrossed as the tongue climbed and up down her sweet pussy. Her core was spring up and down.

"Oh my daughter has become an expert already." She thought to herself.

"Oh fuck yes!" Mor'lock cried out. A small wave of please flushed through her, she came straight into Magnus' mouth. 

"I want to teach you something else." Mor'lock guided Magnus further and spun her on her back, opening her legs. Jones stood idle by as his fucking he interrupted.

"I am going to give you the best pleasurable night imaginable, and you will in turn suck of Jones, Agree?"

Magnus bit her lip and nodded.

Mor'lock spread Magnus's legs and kissed her gently on her citreous, before licking and nipping on her labia, Magnus gasped and bite her lips once more as Mor'lock started to lick her citreous. Jones presented Magnus with his cock and Magnus knew what she must do. Opening her mouth; she took the entire cock in; violently sucking without any direction, often her teeth would scape Jones' cock.

"Gently, sweet heart. Start of gently." Mor'lock looked up to guide her daughter and started to massage Magnus's clit from the outside. "I'm sorry Jones, she often pleasures her father and the king, who face fuck her incredibly rough." 

"Now my dear, start of by licking the tip and then wrap your lips around your teeth and slowly start taking it inch by inch." The orcish mother guided her daughter, and she did as told. 

"She's getting the hang of it now." Jones complimented and caused Magnus to blush.

"That's because she is my daughter." Mor'lock smiled at her daughter and went back to pleasing her. Up and down her clit she went, she was like an unstopping pussy eating machine, Magnus's toes curled often now as her heart rate began racing uncontrollably. Mor'lock changed up her rhyme slightly; licking the vaginal walls and the labia, some juice came out and wetted Mor'lock's chin but the other juice was sucked up by her.

"Wow, you're really getting wet." Mor'lock complimented Magnus. The mother orc began to wave her feet up and down as her licked the girl, Jones' took note of that and was even more aroused by the massive orc feet, so much so that he started to push Magnus' head down on his cock.

Taking the hint, Magnus started to deep throat Jones, she felt the cock hit the back of her head and down her throat, gagging so continued. Removing the cock her mouth she started to jerk her salvia down the meat stick, before placing it back in her mouth.

Something grew inside of Magnus, it was like a lifetime of pent up energy and started to move down her core and through her legs, spiralling up into her chest, dancing around her heart and then finally dropping back down into her vagina. Her moans were viscous and uncontrollable, she could not suck cock any longer but used her hands only pleasure her nipples and to grab hold of her mother's head.

"Ohh. Ohh. Ahhh, yes yes. That' Magnus' lower body started to lift up at every stroke of her mother's tongue. Everyone in the room could sense the wave of unimaginable pleasure that coursed through Magnus' body. In my state of pure ecstasy, she started to erupt a hot mess; her vagina was shooting our juice all over the bed and her mother's face. As her legs started to spasm from her indulgence, Jones knelt over her and started to jerk his cock.

"Ahh god yes." 

Jones let out a stream of white cream all over Magnus' face. Moving over he allowed Mor'lock to climb on top of her daughter's body and start kissing her and licking the cum off her face. Quivering, Magnus kissed her mother and felt Jones kiss them both on the head. 

"Oh my daughter, I have so much to teach you."

Back in present day Magnus's pussy began to soak whilst remembering her quality time with her mother. 

"Over there, gents." Lady M pointed toward her villa that they had just come across, this interrupted the guards who were still yammering on about their wives..

Lady M (II)

They entered the villa, and Lady M began to escort Magnus down into the basement.

"You two, wait here. Ladies only." Lady M winked. "Stand guard, soldiers." She jokingly signed off. "And you two girls, with me." 

In the dusty basement of the villa, there was an abundance of family heirlooms; old shields and armours had been damaged, paintings and finally the book that they had been searching for, it was surrounded by the three chalices. 

"So what must be doing now?" Lady M kissed Magnus and asked. 

"Let me read through this." Magnus began to flick through the decrepit old book.

"Let me know when you find the chapter and while you're at it please look for anything on defeating dragons." Lady M petted the awe struck Maddie and gave a small peck on Magnus' cheek. "Make sure she does not touch anything." Magnus looked confused.

"Where are you going?"

"To get me some young cock, when you find the chapter wait for me." Lady M walked out, she had been horny and longing for the sensation of men, for a very long time. "Hello there, gentlemen." Lady seductively smiled at the guards, their slouching back soon stood to attention.

"Hello, Ma'am." The nervous guards caught whiff of Lady's inducement as her eyes alone made them hard within their padded trousers.

"Relax, sweethearts, I don't want to hurt you, well not today at least." Rubbing her fingers across their bodies, she knelt down.

"Erm, what are you doing?" The guards were soon seen where this was heading.

"What do you think?" Lady started to undo the padded trousers, unleashing a throbbing cock, the other solider undid his own trouser out of excitement. "This is for your loyal services." Lady M started to suck one of the cock's whiles stroking the other. 

"Oh god, yes. We are just doing out duty."

Lady moved her mouth up and down the cock, using her tongue and lips to pleasure the men. After working on one of the cocks, Lady switched to the other. Lusciously pleasuring the penis over and over, before taking it out of her mouth.
