 Sorry it took so long for this chapter. I had writers block for awhile. This part was edited by Silver Fox. He really helped the story run smoothly and helped me with my writing. So a special thanks goes out to him thank you so much. Hope you enjoy

Jen

Note: Hima is the Japanese word for Princess

***********************

As Miyu walked swiftly back to the blood-red castle, the thoughts of what her father had said were still fresh in her mind. But then, brushing them aside, she concentrated on finding Jin, her first priority. She knew he would be in one of the castle’s guest rooms, but which one?

She quietly entered the castle and directed her steps toward the guest hall. Just as she turned a corner, someone grabbed her from behind, covering her mouth so she couldn’t cry out. Shocked, her hands flamed, but were quickly put out by whomever held her.

“I know how your power works, my little one. You cannot hurt me,” a man’s voice whispered in her ear.

She struggled against him until he uncovered her mouth.

“What do you want?” she snapped.

“You, little one. You will be mine and help my empire to victory. Not to mention how you will make a great addition to my bed, “ the man answered.

“I don’t know who you are, but you’re barking up the wrong tree.”

“You are the one who told me to come get you if I wanted you.”

Her eyes opened wide at his words. She didn’t expect anyone from her rival clan to come for her so quickly. And, he seemed to know more about her power than she did. She realized she was in a tight spot, and without Silver, it was even more troubling.

“I suggest you let her go if you don’t want to die,” growled a different voice.

“Ahh. I see her ‘knight in shining armor’ has arrived,” the first man said, tightening his grip on Miyu.

"Let her go now!" 

"And if I don’t?"

"Then you will die."

"What can a HUMAN do to me?"

Miyu then realized that it was Jin who had come to rescue her.

“Jin! Run! He’s too strong!” Miyu screamed before her mouth was again covered by her captor’s hand.

“You still have some growing up to do,” he growled at Jin. “Talking to you now would be pointless.”

Turning to Miyu, he said, “I’ll be back for you, little one.” He spoke each word slowly, intending her to fully digest every one. Her body shivered all over as his meaning struck home.

Without warning, he licked up her neck slowly and softly and then thrust her at Jin.

Jin caught her before she fell, holding her to him.

“Until next time, little one,” was the last thing he said before he vanished.

“Are you alright?” Jin asked, easing her away from his grasp.

“Yes. I’m fine,” she said, wiping her neck with her hand.

“I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner,” he apologized.

“It wasn’t your fault.”

“Silver sensed the danger. He’s the one who led me here.”

“I see. Well, that’s strange. He’s never done that before,” she said, looking at Silver, perched happily on Jin’s head.

“Come on. I’ll take you to your room, “ he offered. He held out his arm to her, expecting she wouldn’t take it.

She surprised him when she looked up at him, tears in her eyes, and softly took his arm, hugging close to him. He smiled warmly at her and they started to walk toward her room.

Miyu held Jin closely, fearful for the first time since she had lost her mother. That person was able to check her power. How would she be able to resist him?

“Are you really alright,” Jin asked, stroking her head.

“Hmm. . .Oh, yes. I’m fine. Make a left here,” she replied.

As they walked down the hall to her room, he knew something was wrong. He just knew it. While he had known her for only a very short time, he still could sense something was not right. She had not acted like this before.

Stopping at the door to her room, they turned to face each other.

“You’re safe now, Hima. Don’t worry about him,” Jin said, softly.

“Thank you, Jin. But would you please come in and stay with me a little longer?” she said, looking down.

He smiled and took her hand. “I would love to.”

Smiling, she opened the door and walked in holding the door for him. Jin walked into the room expecting to see a room “fit for a princess”. Instead, he saw a large, but plainly furnished room.

There were all kinds of bows and arrows decorating the walls and a number of books, open and closed, scattered about the room. In the middle of the room was a large bed, neatly made up.

He was surprised at what he saw and smiled to himself. This only proved to him that she was the woman he wanted.

“Are you alright?” Miyu asked, touching his shoulder.

“Yes. Just surprised!”

"At what?"

“The collection on the walls. Not many princesses would want to be surrounded by such beautiful weapons.”

Miyu laughed. Sitting on the bed, she watched as Silver fly off Jin’s head onto a pillow on the bed.

"I'm not like other girls." 

“I can see that! It’s very pleasant.”

She stared at him, confusion on her face. “Pleasant? How is my being different, pleasant?”

“You are not spoiled like most of the girls I’ve met,” he said, leaning on the wall. He remember all of the girls his father set him up with. They only talked of how they wanted to become rich and keep their looks. Miyu, on the other hand, was not like this at all. 

Miyu nodded and smiled at how innocent he looked with his hair tumbling down over his eyes. Still smiling, she went to a chair and bending over with her back to him, moved the books on it off onto the floor.

He smiled at the sight of her short skirt lifting slightly, revealing her black lace panties hugging her small round behind. He looked away quickly as she straightened and turned to him. “You can sit here if you want,” she said. 

“Your father said you have a birthday coming up,” Jin said.

“Yes. In three days,” she answered.

“Well, how old will you be?”

"I'll be eighteen."

“A very good age. Will you marry soon?”

Miyu sighed at his question. “My father has given me six months to find a husband on my own or I’ll have to marry Zack,” she said, staring at the floor forlornly.

Jin, looking outside and noting it was very late, stood up and smiling, walked over to her. Gently, he pulled her head up to meet his tender gaze.

“Six months is all I need to make you mine, Hima, “ he said softly, bending his lips down, softly meeting hers.

She was shocked at his words, but still very happy to hear them. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. They both were lost in the moment.

Then, he gently pulled back from her. His fingertip traced across her cheek.

"I should be going now." 

"Do you have to?"

“I think I should. It’s late. I will see you tomorrow as soon as I can.”

“Very well. You better come find me first thing.”

“I will, Hima.”

He kissed her lips softly and turned to leave. He looked back at her, smiling, as he went out the door.

Sighing, Miyu lay back on her bed pillows, sad that he had to leave so quickly. She knew it was late but she had wanted him to stay anyway. Deciding it was useless to mope about his leaving, she decided to get to bed.

****************************

Mel awakened Miyu early per her father’s orders.

“Time to get up, Princess,” Mel said, shaking Miyu’s shoulder gently.

“Why?” Miyu snapped, still very tired from the events of the previous night.

"Jin has informed your father of your attacker."

"He did? Guess it really worried him."

“That’s not the only reason he wanted to talk to your father,” Mel said, grinning from ear to ear, showing her long, sharp teeth.

“What else did he want to talk to him about?” Miyu questioned, getting up.

“You will soon find out, Princess. But, now, your bath is ready for you.”

Miyu walked into her bathroom, tossing her night clothes to one side as she stepped into the warm water. She sat down and thought about the events of the previous night - how, when he kissed her, she wanted it to never end. She wanted to feel his hands play over every inch of her body.

Shaking the thought away, she ignored her need for release and got down to the business of washing her body, tingling all over when her fingers swept over her nipples. Done washing, she got out of the water and wrapped a towel around her glowing, virgin body.

Mel hurried her along, helping her to select the clothes she would wear. She chose a white blouse and a white, pleated skirt. Putting her hair into a pony-tail, she strode to the throne room.