 Sorry it took long for this chapter I just got back from a great trip to Russia. So here is the next one I think there will be two more chapters and the story will end so hope you enjoy it and once again thank you to Silverfox for editing

Jen

*****

Jin stood quietly for a moment. He could not understand how a legend so powerful could be true. Miyu was the child of heaven and hell, she was of light and dark. He looked at Irvin and sighed. 

"This means she is in danger." 

"I believe so. If the man who attacked her knew of her power it means he will be back," Irvin answered sadly. 

"We have to protect her." 

"That is your job from now on," Irvin said, putting his hand on Jin's shoulders. 

"I will protect her with my life," Jin said, smiling. 

"That is what I like about you. You have the same eyes as I did when I first met my wife. I see nothing but love for Miyu in your eyes." 

Smiling, Jin turned and started to walk back to the throne room. Irvin stayed back and looked at the young man, his eyes dark. Finally he smiled and walked to catch up with Jin. 

When they arrived in the throne room they saw Zack sitting next to Miyu. They seemed to be arguing. Jin stood back and watched, deciding it was better to let Miyu handle her own problems. 

"I want to know why," Zack screamed. 

"That is none of your business," Miyu snapped back. 

"How can you marry a human?" Zack said, grabbing one of Miyu's wrists. 

"If you don't let me go I'll give you another bruise." 

"You won't catch me off guard again." 

Zack tightened his grip on Miyu's wrist. She let out a gasp at his strength. At this Silver opened his eyes and started to growl. 

"Let me go!" Miyu screamed. 

"Not until you tell me why," Zack said, pulling at her arm. 

Jin had started to walk up to them when he saw Silver pounce and bite into Zack's shoulder hard. Zack screamed and let go of Miyu's wrist, trying to get Silver off of him, but to no avail. When Silver felt Zack's hands on him he just bit down harder. 

"Silver! Let him go! I think he gets the point," Miyu said calmly. 

Silver just let out a low growl and bit down harder. Screaming, Zack looked at Miyu and hit Silver hard with his fist. 

"Silver! Let him go now!" Miyu screamed. 

Growling again, Silver released his grip on Zack and got back on Miyu's lap, blood dripping from his mouth. Zack gripped his shoulder and looked at the little dragon. 

"That dragon will be dead by morning. Mark my words," Zack threatened. 

"If you so much as touch Silver, I will have your head on a platter," Jin finally said. 

"What can you do, human?" 

"I can do whatever I want. You should watch your mouth when speaking to the future king of this land," Jin scowled. 

Zack looked at Irvin as if asking for help. When Irvin said nothing, Zack bowed, still gripping his injured shoulder. 

"Very well, forgive me," Zack said, standing up and walking out of the room. 

Laughing, Miyu wiped the blood from Silver's mouth as the little dragon settled down in her lap again. Silver closed his eyes. 

"Well, now we have to prepare for your birthday, Miyu," Irvin said, laughing. 

"Oh, yes! That is today," Miyu said, looking up at her father. 

"How do you forget your own birthday?" Jin asked. 

"Easy. It's not that important," Miyu said flippantly. 

"Well, we will just have a small dinner then. How's that?" Irvin stated. 

"Really? No big ball?" Miyu asked, surprised at her father's words. 

"I know you hate them, so we won't have one this time," Irvin answered, smiling. 

"Thank you, Daddy," Miyu said. 

"It's been a long time since you called me that," Irvin said, smiling. 

"I know. I'm sorry." 

***** 

Lexi stood at the window waiting for her brother. He was always late. She should have known better than to come on time. 

"How long have you been waiting?" 

"Too long, Seth. What did you want to talk to me about?" Lexi said curtly. 

"I think we need to speed up the process of taking the Angel," Seth answered calmly. 

"Why is that?" 

"Mel is getting too attached. She might tell her." 

"Tonight then, Seth. TAKE HER TONIGHT!!" Lexi screamed, her eyes turning black 

Smirking, he walked toward the door. "I was hoping you'd say that." 

***** 

The night went bye smoothly. There was a small meal prepared for Miyu, Jin, Irvin, Zack and Augustine. Everyone sat around the table and talked about the old days. 

Augustine was intent on embarrassing Jin, telling Miyu everything Jin used to do when he was younger. Miyu laughed hard at his stories and smiled brightly when she saw Jin blush for the first time. Irvin also told stories, but none that would embarrass Miyu too much. He mostly talked about her mother and how much he loved her. This brought tears to Miyu's eyes as Jin put his arm around her. 

"Alright. It's late. I think it's time you got her to bed, Jin," Irvin said, smiling at Miyu. 

"You're right. We'll start planning our attack tomorrow. I don't want her to be too tired," Jin said, standing up. 

"I'm not a baby you know," Miyu said, looking up at him. 

Offering her his hand, Jin laughed. "I know you're not. But it is late." 

Sighing, she took his hand and got up. "Thank you for today, Daddy." 

"It was my pleasure, Miyu. Now get going to bed," Irvin answered, smiling. 

Nodding, she and Jin turned and walked out of the dining hall, heading toward the northern hall where her bedroom was located. 

"Did you have a good time, Hima?" Jin asked, as they walked. 

"Yes. It was the best birthday I've ever had," Miyu answered, smiling broadly. 

Jin smiled down at her. She was perfect in every way. She was not only beautiful, but she wasn't arrogant like the other princesses he knew. He wanted nothing more than to take her tonight. To make her fully his, but he knew he had to wait till the night of their wedding. 

Stopping in front of her door he smiled at her. 

Smiling, she opened her bedroom door and looked up at him, her knees getting week as she looked into his eyes. 

"Would you like to come in?" she asked softly. 

"I'd love to," he said, smiling. 

She walked in and turned on the light. What she saw surprised her. The room was turned inside out, her books were all over the floor, the bed was turned over, her drawers were all emptied out. Who would do something like this? She didn't understand. 

"Miyu, maybe we should. . ." Jin started to speak but stopped. 

"Jin... What happened?" 

Miyu turned and looked at him as his eyes closed and he fell to the floor. She screamed and took a step back. She couldn't believe someone just knocked him out that fast. She looked up and saw what appeared to be a man in a cloak smiling at her. 

"Who are you? How did you get in here?" Miyu screamed. 

Smirking, he stepped over Jin and walked toward her."Don't you remember me, little one?" 

She looked at him, frozen in fear. This was the same man that knew how to counter her fire. 

Tears streamed down her face as she looked at Jin's seemingly lifeless form. She hoped he was merely knocked out, but still, she felt horrible. He was hurt because of her. She looked up at the man as he grabbed her arm. 

"It's time you came with me!" 

"Let go of me!" 

"Don't fight. You can't do anything to stop me." 

Her eyes went white as she looked at him, tears still falling from her eyes. He let go and stepped back. 

"It can't be... Has it been triggered?" the cloaked man asked, shocked. He stood there in fear as a white light started to surround Miyu. She looked at the man, her eyes glowing white. 

He felt as if she could see his soul. Trembling, he turned to flee, when a hand grabbed his ankle. Jin had awakened and was not going to let the man get away easily this time. 

"Let me go, you idiot!" the man shouted, kicking Jin in the stomach. 

The room was filled with the bright, white light as soon as the man's foot made contact with Jin. Miyu's hair turned blonde as she continued to stare at the man. Jin looked up at her, surprised at the power she was emitting. 

"You hurt him... You hurt my love. Now you must die." Miyu's words flooded into the mans mind. 

"No! Please! I didn't." He started to beg, but it was to no avail. MIyu lifted her hand slowly. 

She smirked and snapped her fingers. At that moment the light changed, engulfing the man in white flames. Screaming, he tried to run, but Miyu pulled her hand back and he came flying to her feet. 

"I will make you suffer!" she spoke softly, as a white sword appeared in her hand. 

Jin, sensing what was about to happen, got up and ran to her. Gripping her hand, he pulled her into his arms. 

"Hima! Enough! If you kill him, we won't be able to get any information from him!" Jin yelled, attempting to calm her down. 

"He hurt you. He must pay," she answered softly. 

"I'm fine, Hima. I'm fine," Jin said, slowly leaning in and kissing her softly. 

She relaxed in his arms and closed her eyes. The light started to fade and the flames died down. She wrapped her arms around Jin and looked up at him. Her eyes returning to normal and her hair turning black again. They looked lovingly at each other for a few moments, then back at the man.He was burnt badly, but still alive. Crying softly, Miyu looked at Jin,.wonderingly. 

"What am I? 

***** 

Lexi stood at the window of her room with a mirror in her hand. She had witnessed everything that happened at Blood Castle. She had a frown on her beautiful face as she threw the mirror on her bed. 

"Seth, you idiot! You let your lust get the better of you." 

Sighing, she sat down. Seth had sent one of their best soldiers to take the girl and she almost killed him. She was truly grateful that Seth had not gone himself. This was going to be a lot harder than she thought. Her door opened and Seth walked in smiling. 

"What are you smiling about?" she asked. 

"The mission was a success," Seth answered smiling evily. 

"What are you talking about? Now I..." 

"Now, now, Lexi. Trust me. Yes, our man was hurt, but this will only show our little spy that he has to hurry up and take the girl and bring her to us." 

Lexi smiled knowingly and nodded "You are clever, brother." 

"I know Miyu will be here soon. Tomorrow night she will be in my bed."