 Sorry for the late submission I've been quite busy with family issues and college starting soon. Here is the next chapter thanks for waiting and hope you enjoy comments are a writers best friend so please comment. Once again thanks to SilverFox for the edit.

Jen

**********

Augustine and Jin sat in the library trying to come up with a plan. Looking at his son, Augustine knew that this was severely affecting him. "Jin are you sure you want to do this?" Augustine asked.

"We don't know what they will do to her. I'll take the prisoner and go get her," Jin replied, getting up.

"At least take Zack with you for back up."

"I'm not sure I can trust him."

"Then what better way to start trusting me than to let me help save your wife?" Zack said, walking into the room.

"What do you care?"

"Look, I know I've been a jerk, but I can see you love her and I want to help you get her back."

Jin looked at Zack and nodded, now knowing with certainty he meant well.

"Thank you, Zack. I'll accept your offer." 

******************** 

Seth continued to carry Miyu down the hall back to his room ignoring Lexi's protests. "Seth you can't do this. You know it will mess up all our plans," Lexi screamed, running after him.

"I told you I didn't care. I want her and I want her now!" Seth snapped back.

Lexi stopped, knowing there was nothing she could do to stop her brother. He had been dreaming of the moment his princess came to him. He had been furious when she held and kissed Jin. Now she was here and he wasn't going to give her up.

Lexi ran down to the dungeon, knowing there was only one other person that could save the situation.

Seth held onto Miyu until he got to his room. Opening the door, he tossed Miyu gently on the bed and went to lock the door. Jumping up Miyu ran to the window and opened it. She noted she wasn't too high up, so she attempted to climb out. A pair of hands grabbed her waist and pulled her back.

"I'm not letting you go that easily," Seth whispered into her ear, as he licked her neck.

"Let me go!" Miyu yelled, pulling away as far as she could. She didn't get far before he pulled her to him.

"Don't you see I've waited so long for you."

"I don't care. LET ME GO!"

"No. Tonight, you will become mine, completely."

"I don't belong to you, and never will!"

Seth looked at her and smiled before ripping off her torn shirt, leaving her only in her bra and skirt. He said nothing as he looked her up and down like a hungry dog. He slowly slid his hand down her back to the top of her skirt and pulled at the zipper. 

Miyu hit him in the face with all her might. He didn't even flinch from the impact. Smirking, he held her waist and continued to unzip her skirt. Miyu kicked and squirmed attempting to get away from the silver-haired man, but, to no avail. He was just too strong for her and she couldn't tap into the light she used to save Jin.

"Don't fight me, little one. I'll be gentle if you stop fighting," Seth said softly, as she pulled her skirt off.

"And, what if I don't?" Miyu asked.

"Then, I will have no choice but to fuck you, instead of make love to you," he stated firmly.

She looked at him and wanted to cry. She knew he was serious and there was nothing she could do. She sat there for awhile saying nothing.

She snapped back into reality when she felt lips on her breast. Seth had pulled her bra down revealing her breast and was licking around her nipple. Shocked she pushed him back and kicked him in the stomach. He grunted and moved back, looking at her as she moved away from him. She was pressed against the head board putting her bra back in place.

He started to move toward her when someone attempted to open the door. Stopping, Seth looked at the door, anger in his eyes.

"Go away! I don't want to be disturbed."

The person stopped messing with the door and Seth went back to moving toward Miyu. As soon as she moved forward the door went up in flames.

Turning back toward the door, Seth looked at a man standing outside in the hall. Seth cowered into the farthest corner of the room, shaking with fear.

The man looked at Miyu's half naked form and quickly turned away, tossing her a pair of pants and a top.

"Put these on, quickly," he said. 

She didn't have to be told twice. She jumped up and put the clothes on rapidly. They were too big for her, but she managed to keep them up with great effort.. She ran to the man and looked up at him.

"I have something else for you," Devon said, as he pulled a bow out from under his cloak.

She smiled brightly and took it. "Where are the arrows?"

"The arrows are your fire and light."

"So I can form my fire into arrows and the string won't burn?"

"No, this bow was given to me by your mother. It can take the heat," Devon said, smiling at his daughter.

"How did you know my mother?"

"Now is not the time to get into that. We've got to get you out of here."

Miyu nodded and followed Devon out into the hall. She held the bow ready to fire at any moment. Devon created a black hole and looked at Miyu. "This will take you back to Blood Castle," he said, motioning her to step through.

She looked at him and nodded as she stepped through the portal, whispering her thanks. 

********************

Jin and Zack waited in the throne room for their armor to arrive. Both of them were on edge. She had only been gone a couple of hours but the pain showed on Jin's face. He was not the only one being affected. Irvin sat on the throne, looking very pale.

"Sire. Are you alright?" Zack asked. 

"Yes, I'm fine, just wish they would hurry," Irvin said, looking up.

"I'm sure they will be here soon, my lord," Zack said.

The room was dead silent for a few moments. Then, as Jin looked up, he saw a black hole appear in the ceiling.

"What is that?"

Irvin and Zack looked up and saw it as well. Zack drew his sword quickly, not knowing what would come out of it.

"Kill anything that comes out of that!" Irvin yelled.

Nodding, Zack got ready to throw his sword at whatever came through that hole. The hole began to grow larger as Miyu's form came through, falling toward the ground fast.

Zack put his sword down when he saw who it was and moved aside as Jin ran forward and caught Miyu before she hit the ground. Miyu clung to Jin, crying into his shoulder as Jin smiled and rubbed her back, happy that she was ok and back in his arms.

"How did you escape?" Zack asked, walking up to them.

"The man I burned saved me," Miyu answered, still clinging to Jin.

Patting her head, Jin smiled. "We owe him one, but now we need to get you out of here and into a bath."

"I want you to stay with me," she said clinging to him.

"I won't leave you again," Jin said, picking her up and carrying her like a child. She wrapped her arms around his neck. She had got a good look at Devon's face and she realized she looked exactly like him. The family resemblance was unquestionable in her mind.

Tightly gripping the bow that was still in her hand, she held in the urge to fire at the imposter she had called father since her mother's death.

"I'll take care of her, my lord," Jin said, speaking to Irvin as he walked out of the throne room.

Looking at them leave, Irvin clenched his fist. "Zack I have a job for you."

"What is it, my lord?"

********************

Jin held Miyu close as he walked back to his room. She had only been gone a day, but it felt like forever to him. She was shaking and had her head cuddled against his shoulder. He opened the door to his room and walked inside, kicking the door closed behind them. She looked up at him and smiled.

"Want to talk about what happened?" Jin asked.

"Not right now. I just want to rest with you for a bit," she replied.

Walking over to the bed, he set her down. "I'll go tell your chamber maid to bring your nightgown."

She clutched his hand and looked up at him with terrified eyes. "No. I'll just sleep in this shirt. Just please stay with me"

Jin smiled and kissed her forehead. "Alright Hima. I'll stay. Use the bathroom if you wish to get ready for bed. I'll get ready out here and meet you in bed."

Nodding, she got up, still clutching her bow and walked into the bathroom.

Sighing, Jin got up and took off his shirt. Tossing it onto the floor of his closet, he looked at the bathroom door. He would be sleeping with her tonight and hoped he could control himself. Taking off his shoes and pants he left them on the floor and crawled into bed, still in his boxers. He pulled the covers up to his waist and closed his eyes, waiting for Miyu.

Standing in the bathroom, Miyu looked in the mirror and wiped the tears from her cheeks. She took her pants off and folded them. Then she shrugged and threw them into the dirty clothes hamper that was in the large bathroom, leaving her shirt on. She combed her hair with her fingers as best she could with her right hand, her left still clutching the bow. Shaking her head, she walked out of the bathroom.

Miyu looked at Jin. This was the first time she had seen him without a shirt and she blushed slightly as she walked over to him. When she reached the bed, she finally let go of the bow placing it on the floor next to her for easy reach and crawled into bed next to Jin. She got under the covers and wrapped her arm around his chest. Opening his eyes he smiled and looked at her. 

"Are you alright?" he asked, softly.

"Yes. I'm fine now."

Jin looked at her and, for the first time, saw just how fragile she really was. He smiled and touched her cheek softly.

"You are safe, now. Get some sleep"

"I will. I just want to stay awake with you for awhile."

Smiling, he bent a little and kissed her softly. He was surprised when she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him to her.

She kissed him deeply and looked up at him.

"Wow! What was that for?" Jin asked.

"I missed you. I know I wasn't actually gone long, but I only wanted to be with you." she answered.

He looked at her and knew he wouldn't be able to control himself, he wanted her so much. "Miyu, I'll sleep on the floor," he said, taking his eyes off her.

"Why? What did I do wrong?" she asked.

"Nothing! You didn't do anything. It's just that I don't think I can control myself."

She blushed at his words, knowing exactly what he was talking about. "I don't want you to control yourself!"

He looked at her, his eyes going wide at her words. "Maybe you don't understand what I mean."

"I understand completely and I want you to make love to me," Miyu said, moving up and kissing him softly.

Jin kissed her back and pulled her close. He was not a virgin like she was and did not want to hurt her or take advantage of her. Pushing her back softly, he looked into her eyes. "Hima you've been through a lot and I don't want to do something you'll regret."

"I won't regret this. I was going to tell you I wanted you last night but everything happened so quickly."

"So you really want this?" he asked stroking her back as she lay on top of him.

She nodded and placed a soft kiss on his lips. "Yes I want you to be my first."

That was all he needed to hear. He pulled her close and kissed her softly. Miyu smiled and deepened the kiss, rubbing his chest softly.

"I'll be gentle," he said, as he rolled over and on top of her. He used his arms to hold himself up as he looked down at his princess. She was beautiful and he wanted nothing more than to bond with her in this special way.

She looked up at him and smiled, her emotions running wildly from fear to joy, back and forth. She wanted this more than anything, but she knew it would hurt.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

"Yes," she answered, as she pulled him to her, bringing her lips to his in a passionate kiss. 

Knowing now that she was truly ready, he knelt between her spread legs and gently moved his fingertips up and down her arms to comfort her. He smiled when she squirmed at his touch. He was going to deflower his princess tonight and he wanted to please her in every way he could. 

Slowly, he slid his hands down over her tummy and pulled her shirt up. He smiled when her small body came into view. She wasn't wearing anything flashy but just the sight of her pink panties made him smile. She brought her hands up to the rim of his boxers bring him back to reality.

He lifted her shirt higher and helped her take it off. He moved his hand up her stomach and rested his hands on her breasts. She arched her back at his touch and he kissed her neck softly. Miyu closed her eyes and let out a low moan as he massaged her breasts. She lifted her back and reached behind to unhook her bra.

He smiled and continued to kiss her neck as he removed her bra. Placing his hands back on her breasts he cupped them and used his thumb and forefinger to rub her nipples. Moaning loudly she opened her eyes and looked at him. She loved the way he was touching her and she tugged at his boxers to get him to move faster.

"Slow down sweetheart. We have all night," Jin said, kissing the top of her chest. She rubbed her leg against his erection and smiled "I want you."

"You'll get me, but let me pleasure you."

There was a bang at the door and Jin growled in his throat. "Who is it?!"

"Zack. We have a problem."

"What is it?" Jin yelled.

"The king is missing," Zack answered.

"Shit! Stay here, Hima. I'll be back," Jin said, getting up and reaching for his pants.

He put them on and went to the door. Looking back at Miyu, to make sure she was covered, he smiled as she sat up and pulled the covers over her naked form. Opening the door Jin looked at Zack.

"What happened?"

"I don't know. He said he had a mission for me and the next thing I knew, I was out cold," Zack explained, as he looked past Jin at Miyu.

Miyu sat there in shock. Irvin was fleeing. He knew she finally found out he was not her father. Reaching for her shirt, Miyu swung her legs over the side of the bed and pulled the shirt back on. 

She bent over and grabbed her bow.

"We have to go rescue my father."

"We don't know where Irvin is," Zack said.

"I'm not talking about Irvin. He is not my father."