 Yes its been a very very long time since I posted anything but I'm happy to be giving you one more chapter of this story. I know I've been saying for awhile that there was going to be two more chapters but this time I'm serious. I am working on the final chapter as we speak. I hope this chapter is as fun for you to read as it was for me to write. Comments are welcome

Jen

******

Irvin walked back and forth in his room waiting for Seth to come to him. He couldn't believe that Miyu had found out so soon. He had wanted to make sure he finally had her before she found out the truth about him. His plans were ruined. He would never truly rule Blood Castle and he would never have her in his bed. Running his fingers through his hair, he sat down and picked up a glass of wine, gulping it down quickly. 

"Damn that boy! He's late! Where the hell is he?!"

There was a knock at the door. He put the glass down. 

"Come in."

Seth walked in slowly, looking at the man in the chair. Irvin looked like he was about to break. Seth laughed as he walked over to him. 

"Such a pathetic man. Couldn't even keep Devon at bay for a little longer," Seth thought as he took a seat in front of Irvin. 

"So, what is the situation?" Seth asked, as he picked up a glass and poured himself some wine and then spilled some into Irvin's glass.

"Seth, she knows. She knows I'm not her father."

Seth glared at the old man in the chair in front of him. How could he have messed things up so badly? The arch angel now knew that the man she had been living with for over ten years was not her father. 

"Does she know about Devon?" Seth asked, as he clutched the wine glass.

"I believe so," Irvin answered taking a sip from this own glass. Now his eyes were wide with terror, beginning to understand the magnitude of his situation.

"You have failed me for the last time, old man! This is your punishment," Seth announced, as he stood, sword in hand and thrust. He turned and walked out the door.

Irvin looked down at the sword wound in his belly. It didn't kill him instantly. No, Seth was not that kind. He wanted Irvin to suffer before he died and Irvin would suffer a slow and painful death.

******

Miyu ran to her room after her sharp emotional outburst to Jin and Zack that Irvin was not her father. She didn't want to be there when they started to argue about a plan. She wanted to go find Devon as soon as she could. Even if it meant going by herself. When she got into her room she placed her bow and quiver on her dresser and looked at Silver who was laying on his pillow asleep. Closing the door she smiled as she looked at her small dragon. Her mother gave him to her a few months before she died. She moved over to her closet and pulled out some clothes, her normal attire, a simple pleated skirt and tank top. Slipping on some shoes she snapped her fingers and Silver woke up with a start. 

"Come on, boy! There's someone we need to find."

Silver let out a friendly growl and flew to her, landing on her head. She smiled and felt safer than she had since she left Jin's side. She draped her quiver over her right shoulder and grabbed her bow. Then, walked out of her room and down the hallway to the main hall. She decided she would go and find her true father on her own and let Zack and Jin argue all they want. It would be dangerous, yes, but then again, it wouldn't be fun if it weren't. 

"Silver! Fly!" Miyu commanded, as she pointed to the sky above her.

Growling deeply, Silver jumped from her head and became a full grown dragon. It was rare for Miyu to see him like this and it brought a smile to her lips. He was absolutely stunning. His scales were of the brightest silver she had ever seen. His red eyes blazed as he looked back at her. She smiled once more and climbed atop him, settling down with her legs around his neck. 

"Let's go, Silver, follow the scent," Miyu said, holding out the bow she had in her hand. She knew Devon's scent had to be on there still. When Silver caught it, he started to flap his wings, then growled deeply in his throat and took off.

"Good boy, Silver, good boy."

******

Jin walked to Miyu's room after arguing with Zack for what seemed like forever. He hadn't noticed that she had walked off, but he figured she'd be in her room with Silver. Walking up to her door he knocked softly. 

"Miyu. Open up. It's me," he said as he waited for her answer.

Standing there for a couple of minutes, he knocked again. Not getting the answer he expected, he opened the door and walked in. Her room had been cleaned up, her bows seemed to be back on the walls, her books were all over the room in the disarray he remembered. Her bed was made and untouched. Looking around he didn't see any sign of her. Walking over to the bed he saw his shirt laying on the floor.

"She was here... Where could she be?" Jin asked himself, as he looked out the window.

What he saw made his eyes go wide and his mouth hang open. A giant dragon was flying off toward the eastern kingdom.

"Dammit all! She went alone!" he screamed, as he ran out of the room to find Zack

******

Landing a few yards from a huge castle, Miyu jumped off Silver, landing softly on her feet. Turning to her dragon, she smiled. There was a large puff of smoke and the tiny dragon she had always known popped on her head. 

"Well, Silver. Looks like we're here. Let's get on with it!" Miyu said, as she ran into the woods surrounding the castle. 

Irvin didn't lie when he said she was quick. Her relatively small, but athletic body was made for quick movements and the woods were dense enough to keep her concealed as she ran. It wasn't long before she reached the castle. Looking up, she saw there was a window about ten feet above her. She blew a strand of hair from her face as she touched the wall.

"How the hell am I supposed to get up there?" she asked, as she looked up again.

Behind her, Silver let out a loud growl, catching her attention. Turning quickly, she saw a man suddenly standing there. A hood was over his head so she couldn't see who it was. Pulling her bow up, she made an arrow of her fire and readied it. Drawing it back, she aimed for the stranger's heart. 

"Who are you?" Miyu asked, as she took a step back, her back brushing the wall of the castle.

There was a flash of blue so bright Miyu had to close her eyes. When she finally opened them again, she was in a hall of white marble. Putting her bow down she couldn't believe she wasn't in the forest anymore. Looking down, she saw Silver at her feet, growling at the figure that stood before them. Looking up, she saw the hooded figure. In this bright light she could see the cloak and hood of the person in front of her was white. 

"Who are you?" Miyu asked, quietly.

The figure smiled and brushed the hood back with her hand.

Standing before Miyu was a beautiful, blond woman with bright, blue eyes and a happy, loving smile that triggered a warm memory in Miyu.

Miyu's eyes softened as she started to softly weep. Holding her arms out widely, Miyu rushed to the woman.

"Mom..."

To be continued...