 So it has been a very VERY long time since I posted anything. I really can't say why I haven't posted anything, I just haven't. I have been trying to work on this, and finish it since my last post, but just haven't been able to. After some digging through my brain I finally found the direction I wanted to go with the end of the story, and as often as I said "this will be the final chapter!" I lied, I totally lied, its not the final chapter. I wouldn't surprise myself if I come out with three or four more chapters before I am actually done, but I'm rambling now and I want to apologize to those who have emailed me about this story, and to those I lied to by saying I would get it up as soon as I could. Cause' lets face it, it took me FOREVER to get this out, but as long as it took me, I do hope you enjoy this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it.

xoxo

Jen

**********

It has been over ten years now that Miyu saw her mother on her death bed. This was one surprise she wasn't expecting. Leaping forwards she wrapped her arms around her mother, hugging her tighter then she should have. They both stayed still for a long while, neither saying anything besides a sniffle from the tears they both were shedding. 

"I've missed you so much." The blonde woman said softly, finally breaking the silence.

"I've missed you too.. Why are you here? How are you here?" There were so many questions running through Miyu's head at this time, but those were the ones that came to mind first. She didn't understand how someone she saw on her deathbed, could be here at this very moment. 

It was along story and Nirvana didn't have time to tell the tale. "Much is to be said, I know you have questions, but now is not the time. We must save your father, and quickly." 

"That's what I came here for."

"You shouldn't have come alone." 

"I'm not alone!" Miyu shouted, despite her happiness, pointing at the dragon that was still behind them. 

Nirvana knew the strength that Silver held, but the enemy they were up against wouldn't be slowed by one dragon for long. She took a deep breath and just smiled softly. Taking Miyu's shoulders in her hands she spoke out softly. "There is only one way to end this war, and that is to kill Seth. He was one thought to be the child of prophecy, but we were soon proven wrong." 

Miyu was still confused about this all, she didn't understand what they meant about the "child of prophecy." She was that child according to Seth and the man she thought was her father, but it was still something she couldn't grasp. "What do you mean? I don't understand any of this." 

"Seth was thought to be a child of heaven and hell, but it turned out he was just a child of heaven and earth. I don't expect you to understand all of this right now Miyu, but I do expect you to understand that he is dangerous, even if he only has the powers of the heavens." 

"So, if he isn't the child of heaven and hell, I am?" Miyu was trying to get a hang on things as fast as she could, she didn't know how much longer her mother would be in the same room as she was, let along the same world. 

"You are, and this is the reason we have to protect you. This is the reason your father and I did what we did. We didn't know Irvine was part of Seth's plan." 

"So you planned this? You planned to have me think that my mother was dead, and the man I have been calling father isn't my father? How is that protecting me?!" 

"I can understand your anger, but now really is not that time. I promise you, after all this is done and over with we will be together again, and I will be able to explain everything to you." Nirvana was running out of time and fast. It wouldn't be long before Seth knew she was here, and he'd find her way into the protective realm she had created so Miyu would have a moment of peace with her. "We've got to get you out of here, and into a position where you can kill Seth. That bow isn't your only weapon." 

Miyu's eyes were cast down at the bow Devon had given her. She hadn't even used it yet, and here her mother was telling her there was another weapon. "What do you mean? Do I need more then this?" Miyu was starting to get a little aggravated at the whole thing, she was asking so many more questions then she was getting answers, but she kept hope that after this was all over she'd get a chance to get the answers she wanted.

"There is a sword deep within you, you have called upon it before. When Jin was attacked, your hair turned blonde, and your flames turned white. This is the light that is inside of you, it is the part that I have given you." Nirvana smiled again, brushing a part of Miyu's hair from her face. 

"How do I trigger it?" It was yet another question, but this one had an answer. 

"You've always been able to trigger it." Nirvana looked back towards Silver who was blinking and not really paying attention to what was going on. "Silver is the lock you need, he can bring out the sword within you. Not only did I give him to you for your protection. I gave him to you because he is the sword."

Miyu had to think quickly about this, she tried to remember what happened the day she unleashed the white light from her. It was strange to her that Silver had not come to her aid right away, but in a way he did. If what her mother was saying was true, then Silver had come to her rescue. The little dragon knew he wouldn't have been able to stand up to Devon, so he unleashed the light that kept Miyu safe. "So I just have to ask Silver for help then?" 

Nirvana and Miyu looked back towards Silver, who yipped and yelped happily when Miyu finally figured it out. All this time she had thought of Silver as, not only a pet, but a friend, and here he was the key to figuring out the source of a stronger magic then the hells fire that had been protecting her for so long. Smiling Miyu darted towards Silver picking him up and holding him tightly in her arms. She never thought the key to saving herself, and her country would lay on the shoulders of her beloved friend. 

"I hate to ask you to do this, but can you help me?" Miyu whispered into Silvers ear.

Upon hearing those words Silvers head simply nodded, his eyes closed, and the familiar white light began surrounding Miyu again. Her hair quickly turned blonde escaping the pony tail that she had, hanging loosely and flowing down her back. Miyu could feel the energy flowing within her, but more importantly, she was able to pull the sword from where Silver once was. Opening her eyes she looked down at the sword. It resembled her dear friend, more then she had noticed before. The blade was a bright silver, just like his scales, the hilt was almost pitch black fitted with red gems to match his eyes. It was strange holding this sword knowing that it was actually Silver, keeping her eyes on it a bit longer she turned to her mother, her eyes wet with tears now.

"I'd rather have Silver with me." 

"You will, he is not gone Miyu. He is just fulfilling his duty. Once he has completed his task, he will return to you as he was before."

Miyu's eyes lit up with happiness as she heard this. It wasn't the end of her friendship with the longest friend she ever had. It was only the way she freed him from his task, and was truly able to be his friend. With a nod she swung the sword a few times, getting a feel of how heavy it was. 

"With that, you will be able to kill Seth, but only if you combine the powers of heaven and hell." Nirvana spoke softly before gasping. Her time had run out, there was no time to explain how Miyu would do it, she just had to believe that her little girl could. "Our time is up, it's up to you now Miyu. I believe in you."

"What do you mean our time is up? Where are you going?!" Miyu's eyes began filling with new tears, tears she had shed for loosing her mother ten years ago, and she was now loosing her again.

"I must return to heaven until this is all over. Once the war is over, and Seth is dead, I can come home." 

The words had barely left Nirvana's lips when Miyu found herself back in the forest near the castle wall. Wiping her eyes Miyu gripped the sword tightly in her right hand, her bow in her left a new determination was now displayed on her face. 

"I will kill you Seth, for hurting those I love, to return a friend back to his normal state, and to bring peace to this world.. I am not your plaything anymore!"