 A Journey into a strange mind| Volume 10| Golden dawn and sorrows to live. 

Prologue: 

The human forces proceed towards the Grimlands; Nagma's party rides ahead of Arthur's. Near a stream close to the sea, they camp out. Arthur had finish burying the dead at Falcon's holdfast, despite their unwavering loyalty to the crown; House Falcon still extends some animosity towards Arthur. 

After the burial, Arthur marches on, towards the Grimlands. 

"They are still bound to the crown, sire." Captain Rowan assured him. "Rebellion for such a thing, out of your control is very unlikely." 

Arthur was still distraught at the loss of Maria. "It's not rebellion I worry about, it is the loss of someone close." 

"Ah, yes. When you get back to court, you advisors will help you deal with that, I'm just a battle strategist." The captain smiled. 

Arthur's faces remained stern and cold. 

Lady M (I) 

Lady M removed her cloak and gown along with her coat, unveiling her sleek leather dominatrix outfit. Magnus and Maddie were on the floor at her feet. The captain door was closed, and the women pussy was wet and pumping. "My toes need to be worshipped." 

"Yes, Mistress." The two women looked any each other and started to kiss her fine luscious mature toes. Lady M took out her flogging whip and began to flog their pussies, arse and feet. The lusty women stood above them in her dominance and gave a seductive grin. 

"Take of my shoes." 

"yes, Mistress." Both women were overjoyed in exposing Lady's gorgeous and splendid toes. She began to place with Magnus' lips with her right foot, before alternating her foot to play with Maddie's lips. 

"Aren't you two just wonderful?" Lady M bite her lips, and moved her from their faces. From her belt, she took out a strap on and straps on to wear it. The artificial cock glistened. "Now then. Maddie, lie on your back and Magnus, you suck my cock." 

Maddie looked up at Lady M lower her pussy unto her face. "mmmhp" Maddie's moans were muffled out, as she began to eat out Lady's pussy. Magnus lay on top of Maddie and started to suck the cock. Maddie's pussy ran wet with lust; she spread her legs around Magnus and started to grind the orcess, Magnus saw what she was trying to do, so she put one of her legs over Maddie's; interlocking their legs so they can rub clit. 

Magnus and Maddie's bodies with thrusting each other as they orally pleasured Lady M; she let out a huge moan of pleasure. "Oh fuck, you know how to eat." Lady places her hand on both of their heads and increased the aggressiveness of the pleasuring. Maddie's hot lips kissed Lady M's pussy as she felt they depart from her face. 

"Magnus, on all floors and Maddie, spread your legs and receive from her" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

As Magnus was on all fours; Maddie moved in front of her and spread her chubby legs once more, her inner thigh was marinated with her 'sauce', and Magnus lowered the upper body toward her and started to lick her thighs clean. "Oh Magnus, you're like a cat." Maddie joked. 

Lady M started to fuck Magnus with her strap-on. The orcess' arse was raised high, her pussy quivered at each stroke of the dildo. "Ohh ohh, ahh." Magnus would moan after taking a break from eating puss." 

"Back to lunch!" Maddie would push the orcess' head back into her pussy, to repay what had been done to her. "ohh, ahh, what a good girl." Maddie teased as the green woman's moans were just muffled pleasure noises. Lady M took notice of Maddie's skills as a dominant and smiled at her. 

"Watch this, Madeline." Lady M began fingering Magnus' arse as well as fucking her deep but she decided to do a little more; she took her whip and inserted the handle in Magnus' arsehole, the orcess' jerked he head up, as the whip's handle made it into her now loosened arsehole. 

"Oh look, those guards back at the villa really loosened her up." Lady M let the whip's lashes fall down Magnus' back as the orcess continued eating pussy. "It's like you have a tail." Lady joked. 

"Haha, now I'm certain that she is like a cat." Maddie joined it. "How does it feel to serve your old pet?" Maddie pulled Magnus's head up. 

"It feels good..." Magnus did not care much about losing her power of the curvy woman. She hesitated and continued her sentence "Mistress." Those words were like music to Maddie's ears, Lady M was now more impressed by Maddie than before. 

"ohhh ahh. Yes, I am your mistress now, bitch." Maddie's voice began to change tone, as her pussy became more sensitive. "Ohh ahhh, I'm cumming." Maddie's fat body started to giggle as her pussy exhausted a ton of juice while the plump juicy tights wrapped tightly around the orcess' head, before spreading once again. 

Something inside of the Maddie had clicked. After her orgasm she struggled to her knees and rubbed Magnus's face all of her pussy. "Your food is not done yet, bitch." The other two women were left astounded. 

"Turn around, Maddie." Lady started to order a new set of positions. "And Magnus, on your back." Lady took off her strap on and past to Maddie, like a baton of dominance. "Now I will show you a real orgasm" Lady started to kiss Magnus' pussy while Maddie shoved the artificial cock into her mouth. 

"mmph." Magnus became fully indulged in the 'cock', her mouth; running up and down it and her tongue; wrapping around it' thick girth. Maddie started to thrust her hips; fucking Magnus in the mouth. 

Lady M was busy licking between the orcess' legs; she would flick and rub the bean that she was pleasuring before caressing every inch of the vagina. Magnus let out a couple of sighs and moans as her abs flexed due to the pleasure. 

Magnus' body was twitching; she felt small jolts of pleasure, she reacted by increasing her moans and squeezing her nipples, as for the groin; it was grinding up and down Lady M's tongue. 

"Mhhhp." Magnus started too gagged on the strap on, her breathing pattern changed and her abdomen jumped up and down. An incredible wave of pleasure formed inside of her; traveling to every single point of her body, and where it travelled; it left her muscles weak and trembling. She could not bear it any longer; her pussy was erupting with cum as she started to squirm. It felt as if all her lust began to swell up on her stomach causing a hole. 

The explosive orgasm ripped apart her body. "mhhphm mhhphm." Magnus could not suck properly anymore, Maddie removed the cock her mouth. "Oh, yes. Oh oh ahhh ahh. Y—yes" Magnus continued to erupt into orgasm. 

When the orgasm finished, Magnus was still a shivering, quaking mess. The entire bottom half of the cabin bed is wet in her fluid. Lady M and Maddie cuddled her. 

"T—that was better than my m—mother's." Magnus kissed Lady M "Since last time my mother gave me an orgasm like that, I was always searching to create that perfect moment." 

"After all this, I will show you both how to make such an experience." Lady M smiled. 

Arthur (I) 

The men were resting up, night had fallen and they were marching all day. Arthur lay in his tent with a map of the continent. 

"How long will it take for the navy to reach the other end of the grim lands?" He pondered to himself. 

"Sire" A messenger awaited Arthur. 

"In, boy." The messenger seemed eager and tired. 

"I have news, more than one news." 

"Start then, mate." 

"The warrior women have defeated the orc dragon; they say he was called Gur'Dak and that they have people bring the head over to the palace, as a trophy and such." 

Arthur's eyes lit up as he sprung from his bedding in pure excitement. 

"I knew, those girls would pull it off." Arthur approached the messenger in glee. "What else." 

"The navy has reached Null, sire. They will set off at first light." The messenger boy smile. "your plans are coming together." 

"Indeed they are, and when you return home to your parents, you can rejoice in your part of the victory." Arthur in his good mood decided to praise the messenger. 

"I have no parents, Sire." The messenger lowered in head in despair "They were killed and mugged last month on my eighteenth." 

"Apologies, I did not know." Arthur put his hand on the messenger's shoulder. "When this is over, we shall find their killers, and bring justice." The messenger boy's cock hardened a bit, Arthur noticed. 

WARNING THIS PART CONTAIN GAY SEX, SKIP UNTIL THE NEXT CAP-LOCK SENTENCE. 

Arthur cleared his throat, and places his hand on the messenger's cock. "You might not know this, you're a young man, but the thing about war is, the men get really horny. The whores make money from them. The married men break their vows, but the King? The king must stay true to his." 

"Sire?" The messenger gazed at Arthur, with confusion. Arthur just lowered the Meissner, unto his knees. 

"I can't fuck another woman, but a young man like you? Well of course I can." Arthur whipped out his cock, dangling in front of the boy and then placing it against his lips. "I can't tell when I man wants to suck cock." Arthur replied to the confusion in the messenger's eyes. 

The messenger then took a large breath and opened his mouth, accommodating the penis inside him. Arthur grabbed the head on the boy with this left hand and started to guide it along. The messenger looked up at and smiled with the cock inside his mouth. "mmmph" the boy began to rotate his head during each suck. 

"You seem better at it then I thought." Arthur cheered him on. 

The cock was massaged by the messenger's lips and tongue as his hot spit covered the beastly stick. The boy took out cock and started to run his lips and tongue against it, kissing and sucking the head of the succulent penis. "I love your cock, sire." The messenger giggled before sucking Arthur's testicles. 

"Ohh ahh." Arthur groaned. The messenger once again licked the cock and then proceeded to put it back in his mouth. The meaty shaft reached deep in his throat as he began to suck him, once more. The boy sucked like a crazed bitch; deep throating and gagging on the cock. 

"Ohh ahh, fuck." Arthur's cock erupted into the boy's mouth, drowning his cock in cum and filling his empty belly. The boy continued to suck Arthur's cock, licking it clean off cum. He kissed Arthurs cock one last time, before standing up and looking Arthur in the eye. 

END OF GAY SCENE, CONTINUE BELOW. 

The messenger boy smiled with the cum on his lips, and then his stomach grumbled. Arthur smirked. "Stay here, I shall get you some more food to extinguish that hunger, and I shall treat your cock." 

Arthur left the messenger at the entrance of the tent as he moved off to the corner of the tent, to grab some food he had stored away. As he stood upright once more with the chicken leg in his hand, Arthur heard a rumble and a loud thump. 

Rushing out to the main part of the tent, he saw the messenger on the ground, lifeless. Arthur dropped the ham and rushed to him. 

"Without a doubt, dead." He conquered. Rising up to his feet; Arthur's knees were slightly bent as he entered a state of prey. Looking around the tent, he knew that every step could mean death; every shadow could hold a killer. Inches away from his sword, he knew what to do. 

Upon grabbing the weapon, a masked figure emerged swinging his sword, Arthur was not lucky; he did not manged to get a decent grip on his sword, which allowed it to be disarmed with much ease. 

The soon to be king jumped backwards repeatedly in efforts to dodge the blade, efforts which were successful. The assailant looked very brutish and did not seem a warrior of stealth. His hood fallen down, revealing his gruff face. Arthur ended up against the walls of the tent and manged to moved out of the way, giving him to chance to punch the man in the head to slow him down while he run for his sword. 

Once Arthur grabbed hold of his sword, he was finally able to go up against the man, the clanging of metal soon stopped when Arthur slew the man by sending the sword through his heart. A cold merciless chill took place on Arthur's neck, followed by a grunt of pain. 

Arthur turn around a saw Melanie, standing with her bow and quivers full of arrows on her back. On the floor near Arthur was a woman with an arrow through her hand and a blade underneath it. The guards quickly rushed in and seized the woman. 

Held at each side by the men, she was panting with her clenched teeth exposed. The beats on sweat rolled through her forehead. Her hair long was breaded braided downed and tied with metal bands. 

"Oh Arthur, I have seen so much today." She grinned. "It's such a ashamed that the boy had to have seen my partner, or else he would have lived." 

Arthur said nothing; he instead went behind her and snapped the arrow head before pull the rest of the body out. 

"Ahhhh, fuck." The woman spat on the ground afterwards. "That's no way to treat a woman. Haha." 

"Well, I can't be a gentle man to a woman who was almost about to take my life." Arthur handed back the arrow to Melanie. "So who hired you?" 

"Why would someone hire me? What if I did this out of a personal grudges?" 

"You seem like the type to be paid for this sort of things." 

The woman smiled and stared into deep space, before speaking again. 

"You're right, I can't tell you who hired me, because I don't know their faces but I did manage to see their Sigil." 

"What Sigil." Melanie interrupted. 

"A white foot print with white wings on a field of black." Everyone in the tent looked at one and other. "They seemed very cult like" 

"Where did you meet them?" The captain of Arthur's men took a knee and grabbed hold of her chin, lifting it up. 

"They took me, took their little club house but I was blind folded and drunk there and back." 

The captain's face frowned in approval. 

"Sire, what shall we do with her? The old king would have had her sold off to the worse brothel in the country." 

The woman face lit up in fear. 

"No, the old king did not care much for the honour of women." As Arthur spoke, the woman's face changed to amazement and approval. 

"If I may, sire. I have broken my vows to the contract, I deserve death. My employers would have fate more humiliating for me. So please, sire a sword through my heart." 

Arthur hesitated, he had never harmed a woman before, but should be released, and an even worse fate awaits her. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath and drew his sword. 

"My lady, for killing a messenger of the future king and attempting to kill the king himself, I sentence you to death, however for giving some information about your employers, I will give you an honourable death." 

"Thank you, sire." 

The sentence was carried out. 

As the tent was being cleaned, Arthur stared up at the stars. 

"Brother Hood of the Canes or Caine cult." The captain stood beside Arthur. "Rumour has it that there is a cult of cold men with heart of stone and granite, dedicated to the subjugation of women and the destruction of man." 

"Can such a cult exist?" 

"Well, you saw today." The captain replied. "And you were right, to kill her. Should her employers find out about her, than she would suffer a fate worse than death, for a woman at least." The captain placed his hands on Arthur's shoulders for a brief second and left. 

Nagma (I) 

Miles from Arthur's camp, Nagma entered the lake in her all her nakedness. She seasoned the waters with rose pedals that she had plucked from a nearby bush. Oscar ripped through the water and took Nagma from behind. His hand cupped and squeezed Nagma's breast. 

"My squire, you have you come to pleasure my tired body." Nagma put her hand behind her head to touch Oscar's, as he began to kiss gently on her tender neck. 

"I have, my lady." Oscar slipped a finger on Nagma's pussy; massaging the lips. Nagma left out a sign as the sensation rose up her stomach. Oscar took the bottle of scented oil that Nagma held on to with her other hand; he then proceeded to empty it out completely on her breast. 

"Well, I suppose you will be the one to buy me a new bottle." Nagma kissed Oscar while still in that position. Oscar began to insert his fingers into Nagma's pussy, which made her rock those hips and abdomens. 

Nagma could not take any more of it so she turns around and kissed him once more. Oscar started to lower his body, kissing and spreading the oil with his lips. He made sure that he gave gently love to every inch of Nagma's body. Looking up he smile and came back; face to face with Nagma. 

"What are you waiting for?" Nagma inquired to why Oscar had just frozen. 

"Well, I saw someone do this to a whore but never what happened after." Oscar had lost his flow. Nagma just grinned then smiled. 

"I will show you." They locked lips once again, before Nagma slowly climbed upon Oscar's hard cock, one foot at a time until her feet were behind his hips and her pussy slowing engulfing his cock. "This is how you fuck standing up." Oscar began to ride Nagma, and then miraculously; he was once again leading. 

He's lubricated fingers slipped into her arse; massaging the 'ring' while the 'butterfly' was feasting. Nagma's breasts pressed hard against him as he cock ploughed deep in her wall. Naga jerked her head back in pleasure, the young squire was making her tremble in every hole. 

"ohh, ahh" her luscious moans made Oscar thrust that cock of his even more. Nagma placed both hands on his head as she buried her face in his hair, as her pussy began to tingle even more. Oscar's grunting increased and he started to fuck Nagma more violently. 

Nagma wrapped her legs tighter as her an invisible force crept its way around her stomach, and leaked out of her lusty wet pussy. 

"Ohhh ahhhh." She moaned harder, Nagma held tight as her toes curled and her feet started to wonder over each other. The great luscious feeling swept over her and she felt Oscar begin to shake as well, his hard cock pulsating inside of her. 

"arrghh." A momentous amount of cum erupted from Oscar's cock; pushing against Nagma's cum. Both Nagma and Oscar jolted and trembled together. "I think that was the best moment of the life, my lady." 

"Oh—oh Oscar you don't know how badly my pussy just came." The two lovers kissed once more, under the moon light, Nagma's pussy dripped into the water. 

Arianna (I) 

Arianna walked the of the temporary castle, Castle gold guard, in the Asthania colony of Argen pool. The castle consisted of a defensive wall, a block of building and towers to home the defensive house and finally the great hall of Argen pool. 

"My Queen, further buildings supplies shall be arrive soon after the war." The frail but wise council man advised her. All around the meeting table were wise and notable minds encapsulated and confined to decrepit bodies. Arianna suspected that they do not respect her as a ruler, though this angered her, she did not wish to replace those men as they held key experience with war. 

"How long will the grain last everyone in the country?" She swirled her glass of wine. 

"With the area out of orcish siege, I would say five, but the once all of the country is rebuilt I suspect three days." The chancellor of agriculture lifted his spectacle. "Shall we ask neighbouring countries if they could help us?" 

"No, The neighbouring countries have also suffered huge shortages." Ariana scratched her head. "Ah yes, Reign Gal. Their king owes us a penance for capturing woman from out villages and selling them as sex slaves." 

"Very wise, it will make us look stronger, taking our dues from a war won several years ago." Another council man smiled. "Perhaps they think twice about crossing paths of Asthantian women." 

"Yes, we raise our women strong, in this country." Another Council man added. Though Arianna was flattered and heart warmed by the compliments; she knew that they were just words, words to sweeten her up so that she will see them more favourably.  
