 Simon fell in love with Amalia Locke when he was 14. He'd had crushes before and held his share of hands, but he knew what he felt for her was different. He knew someone amazing was in the room before he heard or saw her. There seemed to be a palpable aura. Even through the rest of his high school years he could sense whenever she was near. She was beautiful and smart and witty and popular. It was terrifying.

When they were freshmen she was a mousey girl with large, inquisitive, laughing eyes. Yet it seemed she became more beautiful every day. By graduation she was the total package, in the form of a slim, pale beauty with black hair and the hints of dangerous curves under her fashionable clothes. She was the girl next door, practically, but she had the looks of a movie star. Not even a porn star - a legit Hollywood A lister to be showered with Oscars for rote line delivery.

Of her interests, hopes, and dreams he had no clue. He was quite smart - at least as smart as anyone he'd met, he reckoned. Therefore he was able to reason that without knowing the girl it was impossible to love her. He was a bit tongue-tied in her presence and she was so popular he wasn't quite able to get her attention.

One thing he did know about her future was her choice of college: Dormontishirechester University, which offered a level of education worthy of modern day royalty. The Lockes didn't appear to be insanely rich but they certainly didn't lack money and Amalia showed no doubt she would get in. Someone of Simon's social status had little hope of going to such an expensive and exclusive college beyond a rare scholarship. When he first fell in love with her he had good grades, but somehow his studies became easier and easier. He discovered talents for math and memory beyond what he thought possible, and proudly became valedictorian. All standardized testing fell to the might of his No. 2 pencil. 

Dormontishirechester didn't just allow him in, they courted him like a football school might pursue a top prospect. Getting the red carpet treatment from an elite institution was more than enough to convince his family to give it a shot.

He finally had a pretense to talk to Amalia. She seemed surprised that he would be going to the same school as her, which gave Simon some satisfaction. 

"An academic scholarship! I didn't even know they had those!" She seemed impressed, but gave no sign that she was attracted to him yet. Nevertheless they kept in touch and had lunch a few times after their shared Freshman Orientation class. They didn't feel like dates, but he finally got a chance to know her better. They were different in a lot of ways but he started to build a connection around their mutual appreciation of classic video games and techno music. 

"You should come to my Halloween Party!"

"It's September still," Simon said with a grin. "Maybe we could just play Mario Kart sometime..."

"Naw, I'm going to be super busy until then." Simon felt that his romantic plans were being gently thwarted. Still, a party with at least one girl whom he happened to be hopelessly in love with was an irresistable proposition.

"Fine, I'll go to your party."

The workload for a freshman at the prestigious university turned out to be enough to block any chances of dating another girl, though he noted with enthusiasm that there seemed to be a glut of beautiful female students. Once he got some breathing room, he might be able to work on moving on from his crush; on the other hand, maybe her "super busy for a month" excuse wasn't bullshit after all.

He got a text message while standing in line for lunch on October 31st.

>Please please please come early? I need help setting up.

>How early?

>As soon as you can.

Haste makes waste, he thought. He made sure he was fed, watered, shaved and showered before putting on some novelty nerd glasses and a short sleeved button up and tie. It was a cheap costume, but he knew that no one cared what men wore unless they were advanced cosplayers. In which case he probably wouldn't going to get the attention he was looking for.

Amalia's off campus home was an old structure that she shared with four other girls. It was rumored to be a secret sorority. It was drab, grey and brown on the outside with an overgrown lawn and looming bushes. The door opened for Simon with a foreboding creak.

Amalia was at the door with half her costume on. She was a naughty schoolgirl from the waist down. Up top she just had a black t-shirt desperately fighting to remain whole as it was stretched across her chest. He had never been sure about the hints of curves under her normal attire, but she was stacked. He decided firmly to give courting the girl another shot.

"Thank you thank you Simon!" He was immediately rewarded with an unexpected hug. Her boobs pressed against him in a way he hadn't dared to hope for. This was going quite well!

"Hey, happy to help Amalia! What do you need?"

"Oh, there's actually plenty of time for that. First have a drink."

She led him into the kitchen where a cast iron pot was bubbling on the counter. She ladled a portion of it into a goblet.

"Here, drink this." Amalia presented him with the goblet now filled with a suspicious looking brown liquid. Vapor steamed somewhat thickly from its bubbling surface. The bubbles themselves were not the usual inviting fizz of soda. They burst violently as if from boiling water. Despite appearances it appeared to be quite cool, and there was no discomfort as the mist touched his hand.

"What is it?"

Amalia giggled. "Halloween Cola! It's my favorite drink." 

Simon regarded the liquid and wondered whether the addition of alcohol would have such a dramatic effect on the color and consistency of common cola. Water, corn syrup, carbon dioxide dissolved under pressure... alcohol. Would alcohol make the bubbles behave like that? 

Well, what else could it be?

Simon took the glass. He had not had alcohol before and did not want to appear cowardly or inexperienced. He didn't hesitate to raise it to his lips, though he kept one eye on it all the way. He didn't notice Amalia watching that same glass. 

He intended to take a careful sip, but his hand continued raising the glass of its own volition. He was aware of the cocktail's amazing flavor and tingling sensation, but was confused because the decision making process seemed to have been completely skipped. He wanted more; he was drinking more. The tingling sensation flowed through his throat and gathered in his stomach. He realized he was chugging the alcohol, but couldn't stop until the drink was gone. Then he tore the goblet away from his face with a gasp.

Amalia laughed out loud. Her giggle was like a tinkling bell, but he wasn't sure how he felt about the tone. Or the drink. "Take it easy, newbie!"

'Newbie?' He intended to say it but instead just thought it. Before he could rally for another attempt at awkward banter, he found himself on his hands and knees. He was trying gamely to lift his cheek off the floor. Oh no! He was drunk!

He saw mostly the floor, highlighted by Amalia's feet and ankles. Each foot rose out of view and back to the floor in turns. He felt something soft land on the side of his face. A soft voice in his ear. "Find me." Then the feet turned and skipped away.

A smell tickled his nostrils. He could not identify it. It was almost like the taste of Halloween Cola. Unlike the drink, though, it seemed to be clearing his head. Simon inhaled deeply and reality came back into sharp focus.

As quick as he breathed, his cock grew to full hardness. He grabbed the object on his head and sprung to his feet. 

Panties? Lacy, black panties. He became dizzy for a moment. Then he found himself pressing the panties to his nose again to take a good whiff. Having already reached his normal level of alertness (and maximum arousal), he was unprepared for the state his mind slipped to. Total clarity. Painfully erect.

He frantically shucked his pants. He was sure another moment trapped in there would cause permanent damage, but when his cock was exposed to the air it appeared he may have been too late. It seemed bigger than usual, but he wasn't sure. Veins stood out and pulsed along it, also unusual. The pleasure convinced him everything was going to be okay. 

Hard dick. Panties in hand. That meant a bare pussy was waiting for him. He dropped the panties and sniffed like a bloodhound. Now a creature of pure instinct, he turned and ran through the house, bursting through doors and leaping over furniture. He climbed the stairs on all fours on his way to what turned out to be her bedroom.

Amalia sat on the bed with her skirt hiked up and legs wide open, rubbing a glistening pussy. She had listened to his progress through the house and was looking directly at his cock when he appeared in the doorway. "Is that for m-"

Simon didn't stop moving, nor did he employ his usual politeness. He grabbed her thighs roughly and entered her steaming cunt in one thrust, cutting her tease off and forcing a groan. Scarcely did he realize he had lost his virginity before he was fucking the shit out of Amalia Locke. Her groan turned into a series of cute girlish fuck-grunts and he realized he was cumming massively as he continued pounding her.

Amalia had intended to turn Simon into an obedient fuck toy, but realized immediately she had overshot the potency of the draught or of her own teasing. Now a dick longer and thicker than any toy she'd tried was pistoning in and out of her dripping pussy. She tried to look into his eyes but they were wild and unseeing. 

"Unh-unnh-unnnh-unh!" 

It was her own voice and the next thing she felt was a warm splash inside her. A wave of pleasure-static crashed and overtook all her senses, slowly receding to the waking world where a big dick fucked her mercilessly. She was now on her back staring at the ceiling, each thrust rocking her back. Briefly only the thick head of his cock remained inside. Strong hands pulled her the other way as he slammed his full length into her again and again. She was aware of it twitching and spurting, knowing what that meant, but before she could do anything about it the pulsing static grew to a full orgasm again.

On her return she found the world exactly the same, including the twitching and spurting. Her legs had curled up and she now used them to push Simon away, gasping. When his dick popped free a stream of hot cum shot out and landed on her clit. It sent her over a new edge, and she rubbed her cum soaked clit furiously while pinching a nipple through her shirt and bra. Simon, for his part, stumbled back to his knees. Cum shot out a few more times before his orgasm stopped. His erection was still almost painfully hard, even as his jerking body slowly came to rest. 

"What the fuuuuuck," moaned Amalia as her clit rubbing set off a new, less staticy orgasm. After a long moment of arched back and held breath, she was sitting up, panting and warily eyeing Simon.

"Where the hell did that come from?"

"You- know..." Simon said between breaths. Some cum had landed on his shirt and he sat up to remove it. When he stood and finally looked Amalia in the eye, he was struggling again to control himself. It was the first time he experienced looking his lover in the eye and seeing post-fuck euphoria. He knew that suddenly the girl's short and tentative long term life goals now involved his cock. His cock...

He glanced down at his still fully hard erection. Her eyes, a moment ago ogling his surprisingly well muscled body, followed his gaze. Then he sprang upon her. 

His aggression surprised her once again. She knew the potion was an aphrodisiac, but he should have followed her orders and been unable to speak. She had ordered Simon to find her, but she realized she never asked him to fuck her. Well in a way she had, but she was pretty sure it had to be a verbal command. 

She had pieced all these things together before he moved, and had time for defensive maneuvers if necessary. Instead she instinctively opened her legs. Was she already conditioned? Was this the training the other girls had promised? She was under the impression that multiple men were necessary to "train" a girl. 

"How- come- you- can- talk?" she said between thrusts. To her disappointment, Simon paused, leaving just the tip inside her. Simon was looking her in the eye.

"What?" he said as with a particularly forceful thrust he resumed his fucking. She was unusually serious about her non sequiter. No, she must be referring to a symptom of the potion. He made an extreme effort to stop fucking but instead only slowed down dramatically. That should have troubled him but given the circumstances he was okay with it.

"Uh, Amalia... what the fuck is Halloween Cola?" Amalia started giggling. That set her tits to jiggling, which was too bad. He was sure he had bought enough time for her to answer. He bottomed out inside her. Something told him to grind his hips against hers to stimulate her clit. He came and then she was again beyond the reach of our shared reality. She wanted to answer his question but she was okay with this result as well.

_____

Bianca didn't trust Amalia. Trust was a nebulous concept among witches anyway, but generally brand new witches were cautious and predictable. Amalia Locke was fearless, gifted, and charismatic. She had grown up in privilege and had never been misled by her old blood parents about the existence of magic.

The Locke girl was a force of nature in their small, unofficial sorority. Bianca's default position of senior leadership turned out to be irrelevant. Amalia and the other girls still needed guidance, snd they weren't going to get any as Amalia drew them into her orbit as she plunged into arcane experimentation.

These thoughts were strong in Bianca's mind as she approached the sorority's house. There were no prominent greek letters above the threshold, but Bianca ran her fingers over the hidden runes around the doorknob. Today was a day to remember magic.

She went to the kitchen to begin preperations, but what she found there put her plans on hold. It didn't take a genius to piece together the clues of sexy panties, men's pants and underwear, an empty cup, and the pervasive odor of "Witch's Brew." She'd never heard (or smelled) of a brew so potent - that bitch Amalia must have been plotting this for a month to save up so much pussy juice!

Nevertheless Bianca found herself smirking. Perhaps this time Amalia would finally face consequences for her audacity.

She wasn't surprised at what she found in Amalia's bedroom at first. Amalia was fucked out, unseeing eyes staring up at the ceiling. Her body was still shaking with each thrust of her victim's hips. The young man's fast tempo suggested they had started only a few minutes ago. Unbeknownst to Bianca, Simon had been going at this rate for hours.

She wasn't shocked by the explicit scene, but her own reaction took her by surprise. Both lovers were extremely sexy, and Bianca was equally as attracted to the ravished beauty of Amalia as she was to the lithe and rutting male. Her heart sped up and her panties just about flooded as she reached full arousal in record time. Intellectually she could realize that she was ensnared in an intense sexual aura, but before she regained her presence of mind her hand was already on her sex. Her fingertip just touched her clit through her panties, setting off a tiny firework of pleasure.

The boy's head snapped up and looked her directly in the eye. She hadn't made a sound! Could it be eropathy? That meant...

"Freeze!" She barked the command as the possessed boy began withdrawing from Amalia's pussy. He obeyed, freezing with at least the tip of his cock still inside the girl. An impressive length was visible and glistening. He bared his teeth at Bianca.

That overacheiving bitch had really done it this time. Stories told of witch's brew so potent as to induce incubus possession. An incubus would only possess an enslaved body if it meant a chance to fuck an extremely sexy and horny virgin. At least he would be forced to obey commands.

It was still bad news for the boy. The enthrallment was temporary but the possession was not. Without intervention, they would have a dangerous male sex demon on their hands at dawn.

She strode over to the head of the bed to inspect Amalia. Her face was virtually frozen in ecstacy. A trail of drool was traveling down her cheek and somehow even that was sexy. She could be revived by a gentle magic spell, but this was a rare teaching opportunity. Bianca slapped her across the face a few times before resorting to emptying a nearby water bottle over her head. Amalia came to, sputtering.

"Aaaah! Holy shit! Simon you're an animal! Hi Bibi." Could the girl really be this unflappable after a demonic fuck coma?

"Simon isn't here Amy. You fucking demonized him!" A pause.

"What?" chorused the pair.

"I'm right here," added Simon. He moved one of his hands from his grip on Amalia's hips to her pussy, pressing her clit down to contact the top of his dick. "I guess I am feeling more sinister than usual." He slowly pressed back into her, inducing a gurgling moan from the girl. The technique left her twitching with pleasure aftershocks. Bianca found herself nearly panting at the sight before once again forcing herself under control.

"Silence, demon. Amy, this guy shouldn't be able to talk. You used the brew on him, right?" After the moment it took for Amalia's eyes to refocus and meet Bianca's, she nodded. "So he should be dumb, obedient, and perpetually hard."

"Yeah... I just figured my Simon was special. Or that I was special. Well obviously I'm special, but I wasn't sure if that caused the altered effect."

"Your saved up pussy juice seduced an incubus who is living inside your boyfriend. If he's still in there when the brew wears off, he's going to be out of control and able to enslave anyone he fucks."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa..." Simon started.

"Shut up! I told you to remain silent! And keep your dick right where it is!" the blue eyed blonde bombshell ordered him.

Simon narrowed his eyes and actually began withdrawing before Amalia added "Oh, yes please."

Simon was pretty sure he wasn't possessed. He wasn't dumb either, mentally or verbally. He wasn't sure about his free will however. He had gone about losing his virginity with all the self control of a hardcore addict. On the other hand he hadn't exactly done anything he didn't want to to.

He gazed upon Amalia's beautiful form and realized his hands and dick had been busily pleasuring the girl while he was contemplating the nature of free will. He was grinding into her to increase clitoral stimulation while one hand firmly and gently grasped her throat. His remaining hand was cleverly playing with her tits, tweaking, squeezing, and outright mauling them to Amalia's delight. He was doing what he wanted to do but he was using knowledge and skill a geek virgin shouldn't have access to. He squeezed her titty a bit harder and it bulged deliciously.

"Uh oh."

"Yeah, uh oh," sneered Bianca before double taking. "Uh oh?"

Simon's initial attempt to answer was muffled by a mouth full of titty. He released it with a small but audible pop. "Yeah I'm not sure if you're right about the demon thing." He twisted his tongue around the nipple to give Amalia's areola a long, slow lick. "But I don't know anything about magic. Or sex for that matter, but I seem to have a lot of carnal knowledge from no where and I keep doing things without realizing it."

"WHAT?" screamed Bianca. "I CAN'T FUCKING HEAR YOU, YOU MORON." Her shouting was nearly drowned out by the groans and squeaks generated by Amalia and the bedsprings. Simon had started slamfucking the girl midsentence.

"Oh shit." He pulled out completely and faced Bianca. "Hey, I'm sorry about that. I seem to fuck on autopilot when I'm not concentrating..." Simon trailed off. The blonde had practically dove for his throbbing cock and stuffed it into her mouth with both hands. Her eyes narrowed obsessively and teared up as she facefucked herself. "That seems counterproductIVE!" Her whorish behavior was rewarded as he jerked his hips and fired ropes of magic cum down her throat. A puddle of her juice formed on the ground between her knees as her panties soaked through.
