 Wotan the Great was the first off all of us. The Star-Walker, Dragon-Killer, Sea-Drinker, The One-Eyed are all names for him. He has done these things to earn his names. He was created from Nothing, He merely is. He walked the stars to find his own home. He came to a world, the likes of which he had never seen. The sky was blue, the oceans deep, the mountains high and the grass green. Wotan stepped down onto this world and pronounced it good.

What Wotan did not know, was this world was already inhabited. A great evil lived here, a star walker like Wotan. But as Wotan was Light and Love, this Creature was Darkness and Hate. The creatures name was Marin. She was a evil creature, with four arms and a necklace from the skulls she had collected across the Star-Walk In her right eye was ice, in her left eye fire. The duality of her spirit alone was enough to make her insane. But a thirst for blood that equaled the stars, and a taste for pain that equaled the universe made her even worse. See, Marin loved Pain. She loved the feel of it, the pulsing in a wound, the release of her own blood. 

Wotan had no quarrel with this creature, for he knew not her evil. She was a shape shifter, and could make her shape pleasing to Wotan's eye, and she did on numerous occasions. He thought her charming, passionate, and his equal in many things. Wotan sent for his sons and daughters, they had been on other worlds that he had visited, waiting on the time their father found them a new home. When the sons of Wotan, Grym, Haslin the Keeper of Knowledge, Bjorn the God of the Hunt and Forests, Myself, and Balki the God of Honor and Faith arrived, we were greeted by our sisters for the first time. There was Alisha the Golden Haired, Goddess of the Harvest, Rissa the Goddess of the Sea Creatures, Anja the Goddess of Mothers and Virgins, Elise the Goddess of Love and Fertility, and Jakyly, Goddess of Womens Wrath and Women Warriors. 

Marin was not happy with these developments. She had no problem keeping Wotan to herself in this world, but she did not want to share power or be a mother to us young Gods. She wanted no part of it. So in secret, as Wotan slept, she drew a mouthful of his blood and used her dark magics to craft her own children. She made the trolls, the Ogri tribes that attack men and steal there blood and bones while they still scream, and she made Dark Gods. Grym is known as the Dark Eyed, and a Fell Hand, but he is fair, and he knows honor. Marin made evil, twisted things. Boari the Blood Thirsty and Flesh Tearing was her first son. She made Arathrak, the Torture Queen, the Pain Lover. Her thirst for her own pain is greater than Marin's, but she loves Wotan as her father with all her sick heart, so the other Dark Gods fate was not hers. Then there were the Twins, Alpi and Dalpi, Alpi was a God who believed in Sick Power, rape, bondage, blood letting as a sexual incentive. Dalpi on the other hand, she is Decadence and Hedonism, every indulgence she uses for her pleasure. The two rarely use the same methods though. 

The last two children were the strangest. One, Wotan's Blood, Dark Magic and the metal minerals in the cave Marin did her magic, made Andro, the Great Smith God. He is a creator not a destroyer, and Marin threw him to the side, to discard him, and his leg was maimed in the process. He makes all the Gods metal, and things of other materials, that you would never believe. All good races of Kyn result from Andro's tinkering, even men. The other child was a result of this, see The Torture Queen was screaming, because Boari had bit her, and was tearing off strips of her flesh on her ribs and she was screaming in unbridled desire but also great pain. These screams woke Wotan, and he ran to see what this thing was. As he strode across the world, he seen the light from Marin's spells coming from a crack in the roof of the cave. Taking a large rock, he smashed it into the roof of the cave. By doing this, he mixed the light from his own shining radiance with her dark magics. The child born from this was Mor-Thain, the Bringer of Light. He was his father and mother combined. One half of his hair is dark black, the other half is shining gold, one eye is pitch black, one if bright blue, like the summer sky. He sits in the sky at night as the moon and in the sky during the day as the sun. These three children of Marin, The Torture Queen, Mor-Thain and Andro are the only ones that were not resigned to warring with their mother against us and Wotan. Wotan chased Marin and her remaining children from the cave and called for his children to arms. 

But Marin had foreseen something like this happening. She had already hid the weapons we had brought from our homes to this new world, and Wotan had left his own weapons on his last world, because he wanted to create his new life in peace. As the implications of fighting these monsters without weapons began to set in, Andro spoke to us, and offered to make the weapons if we brought him metals. The Gods searched far and wide, and we brought the metals we wanted our weapons to be made of. Grym had his axe made from Dark steel, My hammer was made of Star steel. Many other Gods had many different things. Wotan used Starlight and the crushing of the Ocean's chasm's for his spear. Mor-Thain used Sunbeams and Moonlight. Andro forged great weapons for the Gods from what we brought him. Then the Gods went to war against the Dark Bitch and her children. 

We fought for many years, and did many things to win the war it seemed we would never win. We finally opened a rift between this world and the next, Balki and Jakyly sacrificing parts of themselves, Balki his hand and Jakyly her left leg to open this rift. The Dark Bitch and her Children were drawn into this rift, and have tried to escape ever since....."

As Kor ended his story, Logain looked at him. He studied this God who said he was his father, and who told him to story of what was supposedly his family. Wiping his hands on his leggings, even though they weren't sweaty, he looked to his father.

"So what do we do now? Can I go back to being human?"

Kort sighed, "Son I don't..."

"I think the boy should meet the family before he makes any choice." A new deep voice rumbled. Kor and Logain both jumped up, Kor at a rigid stance of attention and Logain with his hands in fists ready to fight. There was a huge man standing there, surrounded by light. Logain had always thought himself large, and this was true. But the man standing in front of him had left huge and gigantic behind several years ago. He had white hair, and a white beard so long it was tucked into his belt. He wore fine armor of gold, and Logain could see the empty socket where a eye had once sat. The man carried a spear with a haft easily 25 feet long, with a spear blade at least 5 feet long. The man's hands alone were the size of Logains head. 

"Well boy, are you going to say high to your Grandfather or not? For that is what I am. Speak boy, or did your father's blood make a simpleton?"

Logain's anger boiled over, as temper was something he had never had a great handle on controlling. 

"Simpleton you may think I be, but at least I have both my eyes, GRAND-Father. Old men like you are usually dead by now in my Clan, well except the cowardly ones who run away from a fight that is."

Kor sucked in a breath. His son was an idiot, and needed to learn to control his temper. Kor vaguely hoped his father was in a good mood today, and judging by the twinkle in his eye and the fact he was smiling, he might just be. Wotan finally laughed out loud at his grandson. 

"Well, aren't you a feisty little bastard. I like this one Kor, he may actually be worth something. But to answer your question, no you can't anyways. You aren't human. You are a God. I just need to find something for you to do. Therefore, you need to come up to the Great Hall, for a meeting of all the Gods and a feast. We shall decide what to do there. Do you accept? Whether you do or not, you will go."

Logain looked from his Father to his Grandfather. He sighed resignedly, then nodded yes. 

"Grandfather I have a boon to ask of you."

Wotan looked at Logain. "No, I cannot get your brothers back for you, at least until I talk to Grym and discuss the situation. He will not come to your feast, I have to set special audiences for my headstrong son." 

Wotan walked to Logain, as the boys shoulders slumped. As he walked to him, Wotan slowly shrank to his grandsons size. Putting his arm around him, Wotan gave the boy a squeeze. Kor walked over and joined his father, throwing his arm around his son.

"Come Logain," Wotan said, "Let us go to the Great Hall, and we shall discuss your future."

Logain nodded. Inside, he still felt a spinning maelstrom of anger and self loathing. He had let his brothers be taken. The only family he had known before this day, and he had let them be taken from him, like he was nothing. His honor, such as it was, was destroyed much like his beautiful Ryne. Everything that Logain was was gone. All he had was chaos and confusion in his life now. He had no weapon, no God he called his own, because he was being told he was a God. He could feel the powers that had been locked inside him begin to stir as they had been unlocked. He didn't know what to think of all this. 

He felt himself moving, not as in taking steps but like floating. As far as he was concerned, he couldn't care less. He had nothing. No more. Unless he could get his brothers back, he didn't care what he was the God of, he didn't want to live. Logain looked up, and watched as the Great Hall came into his view. The Gold thatch roof, the great doors of silver, coral and amber. This was were many warriors aspired to be, no matter what. It was the perfect home. All Logain felt was emptiness and coldness inside at the sight. He was here, and his brothers were languishing in Grym's Hall. Wotan threw open the great doors and yelled inside, "Prepare a feast and summon the Gods! A new God is in our midst, and honest Northmen God!"

Many hours later, Logain let his cup fall. He was very pissed at his new immortal tolerance to the dulling effects of the mead. Luckily, his Grandfather believed in having a never ending supply, literally, in his hall. There was a woman staring at him from across the table. They had not been introduced. Even Logain had to admit she was very beautiful, and he was very picky in his women, so picky he had only known a woman once. This woman was wearing a black and blue robe, which was giving him a hard time viewing her body. But what he could see was amazing. Coal black hair with tiny millions of blond threads in it, giving it the appearance of black marble with gold veins in it. She had pale skin, so pale he had seen darker moonbeams. Her eyes were what really attracted him and drew him in. They were much like he thought his own looked at the moment, filled with pain. But as his eyes were a glacial blue, her eyes were a verdant, forest green. They were the color of a lush plain of grass right after a rain when the sun was sparkling off of it. 

Logain shook his head and growled. He was supposed to be mourning. Not lusting. He pushed himself up from the table and staggered out onto one of the many verandas that came from his Grandfather's Hall. He leaned over the railing and took a deep breath, and caught the barest hint of cinnamon and a smell like the purple death flowers of the Mountains. They were beautiful, but very very deadly. He slowly turned towards the entrance to the building. There she stood, and as the cold wind of the mountain tops the Great Hall rested on blew through her hair and she looked at Logain threw her windblown hair with those eyes... He felt the strangest emotion. His heart broke for her pain, longed for her to look at him more, and beat harder and faster at the thought of making her his. He stared at her, and she laughed, and the sound ripped at him. Her laugh was beautiful, and musical, yet was filled with such pain, then she spoke to him. 

"So Warrior, what do you stare at? Am I that hideous that you must stare, shocked and repulsed beyond speech?" 

Logain grimaced, finally finding his voice, and used all his courage to finally talk. 

"No Lady, merely struck by a combination of your beauty, and my own hurt at the sorrow I hear in your voice." 

The woman looked at Logain and smiled, and the smile was crystallized pain it seemed to him, sharp enough to cut. Logain felt his heart lurch in his chest. So beautiful, in so much pain. He went to say something but couldn't. She looked at him and smiled again, but this smile had less pain in it. She walked forward and placed her hand upon his chest lightly, her fingertips barely resting on the skin at the top of his breastplate. She ran her fingers over the swirl of a tattoo Logain suppressed a small quiver in his muscles, as he felt the cool touch that sent fire threw his muscles. 

"So young God, what is your name? My name is Aria."

Logain sucked in a breath, trying to control his voice. "M-my name is Logain. It is a pleasure to meet you Aria. Are you a Goddess?"

Aria blushed. "Aye. I am. But I would not like to discuss it." 

Logain nodded. Everyone had secrets, he would respect hers. He looked at her hand, as it left a trail of cold fire over his tattoo lines as she traced them. She stopped and looked up at him, and Logain looked down at her. Aria took a shallow breath, her red lips parted a small bit and Logain could not resist himself. He was hypnotized, under her spell. She stretched her head up towards him, and Logain bent his neck down towards he face and parted his lips. He briefly touched his lips to hers, and when she didn't pull her head back, but instead pushed her lips into his, he kissed her more firmly. As she responded, Logain felt the fire and ice the kiss created. His hot breath and warm lips and her cold breath and cold lips created a unique experience for him. As she slowly wrapped her arms around him and Logain wrapped his arms around her, he felt himself get lightheaded from the feelings. He pulled her closer to him, until she was pressed against his chest. When they broke the kiss, she began to kiss and bite Logain's neck, and the cools little bursts or breath as she bit at his neck drove him closer to the brink. That is the point that Logains mouth betrayed his brain and body. 

"My Lady, if you don't stop that, I may not be able to control myself."

Aria pulled back and stared up at the warrior. He stood there breathing hard, cords on his neck standing out. He looked at her with a mixture or recently awoken lust, and lingering sorrow for his brothers in his eyes. She loved the look, the only thing she had ever seen that reminded her of herself. She smiled gently at his words. He had no idea how much she wanted him to lose his control and be hers, if not at least for this night, before he was told who she was. She wanted one night of peace and love, of the thing between a man and woman, even if she thought that when Logain found out she was The Torture Queen, he would never speak to her again. She looked at his neck, and licking her lips, leaned forward and bit his neck once again with a little pressure and nibbled and pulled. 

"Maybe I want you to lose control Young Warrior. Come with me, so we aren't a spectacle."

Grabbing his arm, she lead him up some stairs and out of sight, stopping so they could kiss every few steps. As they ran past a alcove to make there way to Aria's room, a pair of yellow eyes watched them from the shadows. As they shut Arias door behind them, a wolf padded out of the alcove and ran to his master, The Father of Wolves. Kor listened as the wolf told him what he had seen, and his face went pale. As he went to jump up and drag his son from that serpent woman, he was stopped by a look fro his sister Elise. She stared at him with more anger than he had ever seen in the Love Goddesses face. He sat down heavily, not the fact he had been stopped weighing on his mind, but the fact that his sister, the Goddess of Love, had stopped him. What could this mean for his son, and what would it mean for Arathrak? Kor was deeply disturbed. 

Meanwhile, upstairs in what Logain thought was Aria's chambers, Logain was holding Aria against the wall by her waist, as he kissed her and bit her neck. She moaned lightly, and that only made Logain's blood burn hotter. He stopped an looked at her as she writhed against him, making his manhood hard against her slowly grinding hips. She reached up and ran her hands through his hair, slowly and teasingly scratching his scalp with her nails. Logain tilted his head back to enjoy the feeling, and when he exposed his neck, Aria began to leave sharp little bites over his neck. Pulling herself away, she stood a little unsteadily on her feet and began to undo Logains armor and strip him. She took off his chain mail and undershirt and began kissing and tracing the tattoo designs with her fingers and tongue. Logain picked her up and laid her on her bed, which was very large and roomy, covered in black furs and black silky sheets. Logain began to kiss every inch of exposed flesh he could, and began to take off her dress and robe, and used his mouth to explore the new skin he exposed. Logain slowly pulled the robe away from Aria and had her dressed pulled down enough to expose her light pink nipples. Placing his mouth on Aria's breast, he slowly took her nipple into his mouth and sucked at it as his hand played with her other nipple. Aria gave short, breathy cries as she felt the pleasure he was giving her. She lifted her hips and grinded her lower body against Logains manhood in his breeches. As he continued his pleasurable torture, Aria began to unlace the front of his breeches. As her pleasure mounted, she grabbed his head and scratched the back of his scalp and neck, and Logain felt shivers up and down his spine from the contact. As she scratched and bit at Logain, she lifted her feet and used them to work Logains pants down as far as she could. As his long and thick manhood pressed up against her wet womanhood, Aria let out a moan of pleasure. Logain looked at her and allowed himself a grin, and slowly letting his hand travel to her womanhood, which to his surprise was completely hairless, Logain began to stroke her womanhood and slowly drew her button from the hood it hid inside, and slowly worked it with his fingertips. When he felt as much wetness as he thought was good, because Logain wanted her very wet for he feared his size would hurt her, he positioned the head of his hard cock at the entrance to her womanhood. Looking into her eyes, Logain smiled as Aria leaned her up up and kissed him and and moaned for more. Slowly sliding in, Logain wanted to feel every inch of her wet channel. He slowly sank into her, feeling like he was sticking his cock into a tight, fiery hot vice. She was so tight and it had been so long... He began kissing Aria again as he bottomed out inside her. She slowly rolled her hips, and Logain moaned deep in his throat as he began to slide in and out of her. Aria locked her legs behind Logain's waist and looked into his eyes. 

"Take me young warrior. Make me yours for the night Logain! Make me yours!" 

Logain needed no further encouragement. At Arias urging, Logain picked up speed. Her tight womanhood made his blood boil, and the bites she placed on his neck and the tantalizing scratches she placed on his back drove him crazy. Logain looked into her eyes, and rolled over staying inside of her. As he looked up at his beautiful Aria, he gripped her hips and began to lift her up and down on his cock. As she ground her hips and tossed her head back and forth, whipping her hair around as she bounced up and down on his hard cock, Logain began to groan. Aria got a wicked smile on her face, and placing her hands on his chest, scratched down his muscled chest and abs, one scratch so deep at one point it drew a little blood. Leaning down, Aria ground her hips, grinding her clit against the base of Logains cock as she licked up the bloody scratch, placing her mouth by Logains neck. She then squeezed her muscles deep inside, and felt the shudder come through Logains body, and bit down on his neck hard, and she felt an orgasm when she tasted his blood again. What surprised her was as Logain came deep inside her, he bit down on her shoulder until he tasted her blood. Aria let her hold on Logains neck go as she screamed out loud in a even deeper orgasm, and Logains eyes felt like they would explode from the force of his. Aria collapsed on top of him, and Logain came close to passing out. As they laid together, Aria snuggled into Logain's chest, and he slowly ran his hand up and down her back. As the wind from the small holes that were in the walls came through and chilled the sweat on there bodies, Logain grabbed a fur on the bed and covered himself and his new lover, never taking his left hand from Arias back. As she cuddled into his chest and Logain laid his head on top of her own and breather in her scent deeply. He began to close his eyes and slumber when he heard her ask a question. 
