 Logain sat happily in his chair, stroking Arias hair as she rested her head on his shoulder. The looks the others at the table had given them had slowly petered off, the Gods and Goddesses and the other guests to busy talking to old friends and reliving old tales. The three brothers would have done the same, except for Tyl was quiet, staring at his plate or glancing down the table every so often, quick to change his view if he thought someone looking at him. Kain was too busy flirting with Alisha, and finding his flirtations returned in a way none of the women he was used to have done. Logain was too busy to really pay attention as well, Aria sitting on his lap with her head on his shoulder was a very... good distraction.

"Now my Grandsons, Many are here to meet you, and look upon your faces. For you Logain, are a new God. Tyl and Kain, you are the first demi-gods in over five thousand years. You are very... new. The first to meet you here will be Andro and his helpers. They forged the first man, and Andro forged you, Logain, from the blood of your father and the Four Winds."

As the last words left the mouth of Wotan, a heavy thump was heard. As the three brothers looked to the noise, a massive man was beheld. He was followed closely by five creatures, a goblin with a bandolier of hammers and chisels, a dwarf with massive arms and a leather forge apron on, a dark and light elf, both with small, quick fingers and engraving tools on their belts, and the last creature was a great Cyclops, whose muscular form was still dwarfed by the giant man who led this group. A great forge hammer was strapped to his back, and a complicated metal and leather brace kept his left leg strong and straight. Stopping in front of Logain, he stood, appraising Logain as he sat Aria on her feet and stood. Even with the benefit of the dais the table was on, the man still made Logain feel and look small. Finally, the God Andro, Maker of Men and Forger of the Blades, spoke his voice deep and smoked by many years in the forge fires.

"So my little project, you have grown and came into your powers. I remember the day I began your crafting. Tricky. Very trick you were, not wanting to bow to the whims of the hammer and fire. Just like you were all through your life. I am Andro the smith. These are my helpers, each who had a part in crafting you. They will introduce themselves and their part."

The goblin stepped forward first, tapping his long fingers on his bandolier. The little green man sucked on his teeth for a moment, his large, pointed ears seeming to fall a bit. Taking a deep breath, he spoke in the squeaky little voice of all Goblin-Kind.

"I am Boz Metalbone. You do not remember me Logain, but I am certain your bones do. I crafted the structure that your bones would follow until the day you ascended to God-Hood, and they will always follow that structure. I made them straight and true, with no cracks or bad joints."

As the Goblin spoke, he had looked over Logain, no doubt seeing the bones he had crafted so well, with love and devotion. Logain thanked the Goblin greatly; for he considered his bones a very good thing to have been made well, the massive armed dwarf stepped forward, patting his little Goblin friend on the back. Stroking his black beard, he looked over Logain as well, as someone examining something he had made, to decide if it was still a worthy piece.

"I am Robak Rockhelm. As my friend Boz made your bones, I crafted the muscles and tendons that power that foolish body of yours. I have watched, as we have all watched, the things you have put your body through. Consider yourself lucky your bones and muscles were crafted by a Goblin and Dwarf, because they were hardy enough to carry you through. Take care of my work, or I'll knock you on the head."

Logain grinned at the cranky dwarf. He thanked him as well for his work, for the strength in the muscles of Logain had saved him many times before. The elves stepped forward as one, which to the brothers was a surprise. On the surface world, Dark and Wood Elves did not have much to do with each other. The male Dark elf spoke first, the wood elf remaining silent for the time being. He stepped forward, his obsidian skin gleaming in the torch light, His silver eyes twinkled, and his white teeth and hair sparkled.

"I am Zetiveor Mooncurser. Forgive Robak, he's a little cranky. Well, a lot cranky but I digress. I played a part in your creation, mainly the crafting of your organs."

"EXCEPT THE HEART!"

"Shut up Robak. The heart is also an organ. Hush. Let me see... Ah yes. I not only crafted the organs that went into your body, but I placed the emotions in there as well. Your love, your anger, your compassion, placed there by me. I hope they have served you very well."

Logain thanked the dark elf especially, for without the emotions the dark elf had given him, he would have not gained but lost much in his life, and he would not have felt the connection to Aria that he valued now. The Wood Elf came forward, briefly smacking the Dark elf on the arm and murmuring to him, smiling slightly as he laughed. As she stood in front of Logain, she seemed to radiate life, the wild smell of the forest and the fields. She had feathers and leaves woven somehow into her deep, rich colored brown hair, and her green eyes sparkled.

"I am Eludraan Moonsorrow. I worked with Zetiveor, fine crafting your emotions. I also am the one that crafted your face, and made the colors that you use, in your hair, your eyes, the way your body is colored. You have messed with my work young one, by those tattoos and that broken nose. But alas, our creations do not stay perfect, that is the way of the world. But it seems the emotions given to you were well received by another, if I am the judge of you and the lady."

As she stepped back beside Zetiveor and grasped his open hand, Logain both thanked and apologized to the elf. She graciously accepted both, and then the Cyclops came to the dais. Reaching over the table, his large hands grasped Logain around the waist and lifted him into the air. Turning him this way and that, he sat him back on the dais, slightly stunned. The Cyclops turned to Andro and nodded, and that was all. Andro laughed at the confused look upon Logains' face.

"Forgive Urda; he is not for many words. He is my final helper, he who helps me bond all the separate parts together into the whole they become. He saw you were still held together, and he is fine with that. These are your crafters, for no one could create you. We merely made a vessel that you lived inside. You and your actions growing up created you Logain. Nothing else."

Logain bowed his head to Andro and his helpers. Urda merely walked away with Andro, and the two elves waved. Boz and Robak stopped for a moment to speak to Logain, inviting him to their quarters in the hall later, to enjoy dwarven beer and to tell stories of bravery and valor. He graciously accepted, there were many more people and creatures to meet, and each brother had their favorite. Learning the name of the wild woman who he was fascinated with was Tyl's favorite. Learning who she was, that disheartened him just a bit. What would the goddess Jakyly have to do with a demigod, the son of Grym at that?

Other than the attentions of Alisha, the favorite of Kain was meeting the leader of the Rangers. He had always been fascinated by them, the men and women of different races that patrolled the forests and mountains and helped the world stay healthy. The leader of the Rangers was a Wood Giant, a giant bark skinned man who looked like an oak. He only gave his name as Oakum. Besides Jakyly, Tyl had the great pleasure of meeting the leader of the Cyclops, a massive brute named Orxus. His speech betrayed an eloquence and dignity that you would not expect, and as Tyl later heard, he was an excellent bard, offering to teach Tyl his skills when he noticed the fascination the boy held.

Logain was fascinated by Ranga Doomoath, the King of the Mountains. Holding sway over the lands and kingdoms of both the dwarves and the rock giants (which he assured Logain was an interesting story about his parents), a creature with the muscular and bearded looks of a dwarf and the rocky body and height of a rock giant. He carried a massive mace on his back, a veritable destroyer of anything it hit. He and Logain spoke of blacksmithing, and Logain was invited into the Under Mountain, to work with the dwarves and rock giants whenever he had the time.

Finally, the meeting of people was over and done with. It had taken far longer than many had expected, because many had not expected the three brothers to ask questions of the people who wanted to meet them. They had expected them to be overwhelmed by the creatures or the majesty; instead, they had treated their visitors like they were people. If they had a position of high importance, they had treated them as such. The people that had come to the brothers as if they were comrades were treated as comrades. It marked the brothers as different. Many would have treated their guests like they were beneath them, for even though some were leaders of great factions and royalty of great kingdoms, the three brothers outranked them all. When the meetings were over, the fun could begin. Bards began playing, Orxus strumming a gitar, his deep bass somehow change to a fine singing voice, and Tyl slowly migrated to the Bard area, listening to their playing and watching with delight. Kain had talked with Oakum for a while, before disappearing, much to the consternation of Wotan and the delight of Logain. He knew his brother. He was either having a good time, or preparing a practical joke for the party. As the night wore on, Aria began to toy with the hair on Logains neck, trying to get his attention. When he looked to her, she bit her lip, making a looking motion upwards with her eyes, trying to get him to understand she wanted to go upstairs, she wanted her man. Logain may have looked dumb as an ox, but he could get that hit at least. Making his goodbyes, he decided to hell with what they would think, and scooped Aria up and began walking up the stairs with her head on his chest.

-Tyl's Night-

Tyl watched his brother walk by. Someone was getting lucky tonight. He mused, knowing Kain was most likely going to meet someone who would be agreeable. He would be fine with not having relations with someone tonight; he had always been the one who was more likely to go after love than lust. Logain wasn't lustful; he had just been too big for many of the women of their village to consider him. Kain on the other hand, if he had a talking goat say yes Tyl thought he may do it.

"So my little friend, do you know any songs that you can sing with us? It would be nice for a prospective bard to show us his voice."

Tyl was snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Orxus flabbergasted. He couldn't sing in front of these people! Some of them were legendary bards, known across the world. He was a nobody. He had been a warrior who liked to sing songs about sex and fighting in his spare time. He cast his mind for any song that he knew that wasn't ridiculous, and that he knew the words to.

"The only song I know very well is The Lament of Erik."

Orxus smiled. He knew the song as well, had actually been the man to write it. Tyl didn't know that, but it was a good solid song, and Orxus would be happy to test the voice of Tyl on it. As they began to play and Tyl to sing, he started off nervous, and his voice wasn't at its full potential. As his voice strengthened, Jakyly came over to watch their playing and listen, and his voice almost faltered again. As he looked at her from the corner of his eye, his voice strengthened, and Orxus knew what was happening. Tyl was singing for her, even if she did not know it. Tyl soft baritone sounded particularly fine as he sang the last verse. "You, don't, know me but you loved me anyway, I cast aside your heart and walked away, Now I realize what I have done, I wish I held your heart once more to start what never begun...."

Tyl ended the song, and took a deep drink from his cup. His throat was dry, and his throat felt scratchy it had been so long since he had sang, but he felt good, and happy. Looking up, he noticed the smile on many of the faces of the Bards. Looking to Orxus, the Cyclops stared at him.

"Yes, I think you'll do just fine as a Bard young sir. Just fine indeed."

As the music started up again, the dancing started. Tyl loved to dance, and many of the feminine creatures had to sit down, drenched in sweat and gasping as he danced to the music, until it eventually became a competition between the musicians and Tyl, how fast they could play, to if his dancing could keep up with the beat. The only one who had kept up with him so far was Eludraan, and she had stepped out of dancing with him to dance with her Night Elf companion Zetiveor. They danced to an entirely different beat, a beat they seemed to feel in their heads and hearts instead of the loud rambunctious music.

"So young God... Need a partner?"

"Sure..."

Tyl turned to accept his new partner when he saw who it was. It was Jakyly, and she held her hand out to begin their dance. He swallowed nervously, and then accepted it, and the true dance competition began. Many thought her impaired due to her leg, but Andro had created it himself, and it was as good as any normal leg. For a strong, agile and well balanced goddess, she had the full control over it and danced superbly. Tyl began to be taxed to keep up with her. Granted, he had danced much longer than her, and only been recently healed of his injuries. He rose to the challenge though, and they danced until the music suddenly stopped. Looking to the bards, they were shaking their hands and laughing as they massaged muscle cramps out on their arms, and the wind instrument players drew great gasps of air. The dancers had won this round.

Tyl stared at his partner, and offered a smile. They were both drenched in sweat, and panting heavily. The fierce woman smiled back at him, grabbing a pair of cups from a nearby table, she beckoned to him.

"Follow me young Tyl. I'd like us to talk, you and I." And that is exactly what Tyl did, following the beautiful Goddess to a table. As they sat, Tyl almost greedily drank from the cup. He was extremely thirsty, and it gave him time to think of what he was going to say to this woman he had been secretly staring at all night. As he ordered his thoughts, she spoke first. "I have heard of you young one. Don't look so surprised. I'm the Patron Goddess of Women Warriors. Your clan fought the Storm Weavers two years ago, and the Flashing Mothers fought in their ranks, a dedicated warrior cult, dedicated to me. They spoke highly of you and your brothers. Forgive me, I know which of you was Logain, but which of the Silver Ones was you? I was not watching that battle, I was preoccupied." Tyl spoke, amazed that he had mastery of his voice, and it did not come out squeaky or unmanly. He looked at the Goddess fully in the face for the first time since he had seen her, and began to talk, a small voice in the back of his head telling him he was about to start babbling.

"Kain carried a flanged mace, and I carried a long sword. It was designed like a broad sword, but longer than most swords. It had a hand and a half hilt, and a dragon leather grip. Double-edged, with a blood groove down most of the sword and its name etched into the blade at the hilt." Jakyly nodded. She stood, and Tyl was worried. He had said something stupid, and now she was going to leave, and he would never rectify his mistake of whatever he had said, and was never going to have a chance again. As she stood, she raised her hands over her head in an almost feline stretch, popping her back. Tyl was more interested in the fact that she was turned slightly to the side, and the fireplace across the way lit her up in a amazing way, turning her red hair into an extension of the fire it looked like, and her slightly sweaty body glistened in the fire light. Tyl felt his mouth go dry, and any words he thought to speak fled his head. She looked down at him and smiled. Many though Jakyly cold and distant, far more interested in battle and death than anything else. But they were wrong. She just merely wanted more of a relationship than a one night stand like some. She recognized the look in his eyes, because when she had heard him sing and watched him dance, she had much the same look in her eyes.

The look of happiness on his face as he danced with his eyes closed was almost enough for her to kiss him on the spot. She had restrained herself barely. She wasn't supposed to feel like this about someone she hadn't officially talked to or really knew anything about. She didn't believe in any feelings besides lust or dislike at first sight, though her sister frequently preached of love at first sight, but then again, she was a love Goddess. That was kind of her job. Jakyly had the job that was more along the lines of fighting and having fun. She loved to hunt, to dance, to run through the woods barefoot after a thunderstorm. She enjoyed her life. She was slightly worried, because if this turned into anything, the feelings inside her developed, she may lose that. She had no idea what Tyl liked. But she planned to find out. "Let's go Tyl. This place is too crowded and loud for my tastes, and you need some new gear. That shirt doesn't suit you, and you need a new sword as well. Would you like to come with me to get you some new belongings?"

Tyl nodded, and stood. He couldn't think of anything to say, just followed Jakyly as they left the great hall. She didn't speak much either, as a matter of fact, she had probably said more to Tyl in one night than she had spoken to anyone in the past year. They walked out of the stifling hall onto the steps, breathing in the cold night air as the stars twinkled over head. Suddenly, Jakyly tapped him on the arm and ran.

"Catch me if you can!"

She yelled over her shoulder as Tyl gave chase. She ran swiftly, her hair streaming over her shoulder. She usually wore it in a business like braid, but had undone it because of the dancing tonight. Jumping stones and fallen trees, she ran swift and sure footed like a doe through the woods. Quite agile for a man his size, Tyl closely followed her, clearing greater jumps than she could and ducking and dodging trees and branches like he had been born to this forest. She smiled briefly looking over her shoulder at him. He looked like a forest Wight, slipping in and out of the trees chasing her. She realized he was making even less noise than her in these woods, her smile returned and bigger, but as she turned her head to look forward, she tripped, falling to the ground and rolling.

When she had fell, she had been at the tree line, so she fell into a clearing, rolling until she lay still on her stomach, waiting with baited breath to catch his next move. He jumped the very log she had tripped on, landing perfectly and turning in a way she would have trouble turning to come to her side sliding to her on his knees. The concern in his eyes would have been funny if she hadn't been trying so hard not to laugh. She was a Goddess. It'd take more than a fall to hurt her.

"Jakyly? Are you ok?"

Tyl was having a moment. Placing his head ear down on her back, he heard her steady heart beat, slightly elevated from their run. Lifting his head, he caught the faintest sight of a smile on her face. She was teasing him! His eyebrows knitted and he looked at her eyes. He could see she was barely peeking out of them now. Scooping her up, he ran to the little creek in the clearing, wondering how far she would let her little act go. When she hadn't moved, he gently dropped her in the ice cold creek water.

"HOLY MOTHER THAT'S COLD!"
