 Julia looked out from her balcony at the sprawling city of Roma. Traffic seemed to pulse and roar in the night as everyone made their way to their entertainments before the holiday season truly started tomorrow. Feeling the cold she closed the door and smiled at the preparations she had made for tonight. 

Glancing nervously she smiled as she saw the voluptuous vixen that looked back. She wore a robe of the thinnest silk that revealed more than it hid. She had pained the lips of her cunt and her nipples a bright red so that they would stand out even more through the thin fabric. Wearing this in public would have resulted with the Polizia arresting her not to mention Marc's career being destroyed as her not being worthy of the youngest Senator in the republic.

Still this was to be a private occasion with Marc and her two dear friends Dom and Claudia and it was the holidays and everything that meant. As tradition demanded the servants were released from their duties for the period and no doubt they were enjoying their own celebrations.

Looking again at the mirror she stroked her full, firm breasts seeing that the cold had made her nipples hard. She was completely smooth everywhere except her head. Some older women considered the fashion to be un-Roman but few took notice of them and it made for such lovely orgasms as she had told her friends in the baths as they gossiped of those in society.

She was considered very attractive by most that saw her. She knew the curls of her blonde hair framed her dark eyes, straight nose and full lips gave her the look of a living statue of Venus. It was said that those who could help his career had often asked Marc about her. 

Thinking about Marc made her shudder with suppressed pleasure. Only newly elected to the senate he still had the hard body of the young officer who had been acclaimed the hero of one of the numerous fire fights against the Eastern terrorists. She had been pleased when he had pressed his suit and he had been as good in bed as she had imagined him to be. It was whispered that he would go far in the course of honour and that meant power and riches in time. 

Then as she thought of him he appeared and she rushed into his arms. He pressed his lips to her and grasped her asscheeks in his hands. She again admired his manly jaw and nose that had been broken and reset in one of his fights. Then laughing he released her and looked at her from head to toe.

"That is positively indecent and if we did not have friends over I would rip it from your body this very minute," he said.

"You're late," Julia remarked.

"The traffic was terrible and old Gabby wanted to talk about me putting up some anti-terrorist legislation in the New Year," he said slowly.

Realising what he said and what that meant she squealed," That's great! Does that mean they will back you when the elections come up for the city managers?"

"It might but let's see what happens. We need to be firmer with those religious fanatics. I know no politics time for some fun," he laughed again as he waved the glance of disapproval from his face.

He started to take off his formal clothes as he made his way to the bedroom.

"Can you get me some wine while I change, I know Dom will be here soon he was giving in a report at the Capitol when I was talking to our esteemed speaker for the Senate," Marc said over his shoulder. 

After a quick peck to his cheek she poured a deep red wine into one of the newly bought glasses from Syria. She admired the blue and green colours that swirled through the clear glass. 

Carefully holding the glass she took it to the bedroom where Marc was rubbing his body with a damp cloth. Like her he was without hair except for some hair at his chest and on his head. She stared with admiration at his cock. Julia considered it to be beautiful and she loved to see the veins stand out when it was hard and ready for her. It was of a good size perhaps not as long as others were but it was thick and he knew how to make it give her pleasure.

"How is Dom? Claudia says he impressed his bosses up north," Julia asked as she casually stroked Marc's hard buttocks.

"He certainly did. He found a cell of fanatics and brought them to justice what they don't say is that he found a couple of high powered sympathisers who were removed from their posts and sent into exile," he remarked as he slipped into a silk robe that was as transparent as hers.

The sound of the doorbell interrupted the conversation and both of them rose and entered the atrium as the doorkeeper let the other couple in. The woman sported brazen locks that could only be a wig and hid her body in a thick mantle. The man also cloaked had the blackest hair and eyes that anybody could describe. The face itself could be described as made of flint since it seemed so hard.

However both sported big smiles as they saw their friends and the woman threw her body into Marc's arms while the man gave Julia a greeting kiss. As he did she felt his hands run along her body. Julia laughed and looking at Marc saw that Claudia had exposed his cock and was tweaking it as she tried to arouse him.

"Enough time for that you two," Julia laughed.

Then taking the wine she had already poured she allowed Marc to give the salutation," Happy Holidays."

After a quick gulp they all moved back into the room where they would be eating. The fire burnt slowly chasing the heat away from the room and the couches had been placed so they could eat from the low tables next to them.

Warm Claudia dropped her mantle exposing her slim body. Unlike Julia Claudia was not curvy but had slim hips and small breasts. Those who knew her also knew that she was a woman of intense passions and needs. When Julia saw what she was wearing she was amazed.

"And I thought I was dressed indecently," Julia said as she raised the woman's arms.

Claudia wore a garment that was made of chains of gold, silver and pearls that moved each time she did and covered nothing of her naked body underneath. Laughing the other woman kissed Julia's lips lustfully and tweaked the red nipples beneath the thin silk. 

"So you like what I'm wearing Lia. I had it made especially for tonight," Claudia purred into the other woman's ear as she licked the lobe.

"You wicked woman," Julia replied as she slipped her hand beneath the strands of the dress and touched the other woman's breasts.

Reluctantly she moved away from the other woman knowing that soon they would again be embracing. Turning she found that Dom had removed his cloak and wore only the briefest of loincloths which would when he moved expose his cock and ass-cheeks. Unlike the others he was covered in hair in the normal places. Julia realised that he would have stopped his Roman habits when he had been hunting the terrorists.

Still he looked so brutish and powerful and to Julia incredibly desirable. Without another word, Julia stood next to the man and took his cock in her hand and kissed him passionately. As she felt him stirring another person joined them reaching between her legs and stroking her cunt-lips feeling the wetness there and replacing her by kissing Dom as passionately. 

The breaking his kiss Marc turned to her and said," Let's eat and talk before we enjoy a more intimate discussion."

Slowly they agreed and taking position on the couches they began a slow supper of wine, light food and conversation. Avoiding those subjects such as religion and politics that were always set to make a party too sober they discussed gossip and the lighter things of life.

As the wine took hold the men grew bolder. Marc who lay beside Claudia slipped his hand beneath the chains and stroked her exposed body softly teasing her as she rubbed her ass cheeks against his cock which would be getting all the harder as she well knew. Julia smiled as they were teasing each other while she slipped her hand beneath the loincloth again and enjoyed the feeling of Dom's cock that grew hard and ready for her use. 

Taking her robe he pushed it aside and dripped wine on her breasts so he could lick it from her body. When he stopped a little she slipped the robe from her body and naked she pressed her body against his.

Near her she could hear the groan of pleasure that escaped Claudia's lips as she felt Marc's finger part her wet lips and plunge it into her cunt. This was at the same time that Marc his robe open was being jerked off by Claudia.

Smiling Julia pushed Dom onto his back and straddled his body. Expertly taking his cock into her hand she guided it between her red painted cuntlips and eased it into her ready orifice. She felt his long, slim cock push deep into her. Now she rode his cock as she rubbed her clit, feeling the first of many orgasms. His hands caressed, teased and tweaked her nipples and stroked her body. 

Gasping with delight she felt the delicious pleasure of her cuming as his cock went in and out of her cunt. The feel of hair against her lips was unusual and even excited her more. As always he responded to her and he ground his pubis against the clit that she continued to rub. He tried to control his fucking and keep from cuming too early and he watched the pure passion that flowed over Julia's face as she came. 

Beside them Claudia and Marc were reversed into a sixty-nine oblivious to the other couple. Her lips wrapped about his cock that pumped in and out of her mouth. He was licking her bare cunt running his tongue along her smooth soft lips and flicking every now and again at her exposed clit. As he felt her body tighten and relax he knew that she was cuming and he would lick he juice that escaped through her hot, swollen lips.

Then there was a deep satisfied moan as Dom hips shot forward and cum shot into Julia's cunt. Her muscles seemed to tighten about his cock as he thrust into her shooting cum deep into her. 

In reply to his cuming Claudia and Marc broke into frenzied action as she came again and his cock shot cum deep into Claudia's mouth. Unlike many women she swallowed the bitter liquid and slowly untangled her body from Marc's, as Marc's cock softened and slipped from her mouth. 

Dom and Julia lay together sharing a glass as they waited for the other two to join them. Sighing with contentment Marc offered Claudia a glass of wine as she slipped off her clothing that had become a tangled mess. Now all of them were naked and cum covered.

"Well that's a good start to our night but we must give our gifts," Julia said as she flounced off to a cupboard and brought out two packages covered in green coloured silk. 

Claudia also moved getting two brightly wrapped objects from a pocket in her mantle. 

With both women holding their presents they presented them to those they had intended them for. Claudia held a slim box that she opened and laughed as she removed a cock carved in black marble. It was of medium length and thickness. Feeling it she was surprised that it seemed warm and she felt she recognised the cock itself and then she started to laugh.

"You wicked girl this is Marc's cock," she said giggling,

"Of course and it took me some effort to get the artist to see it at its peak without the master seeing," Julia replied smirking.

"Well thankyou my Dearest when Dom's away I will be able to have some fun with it," Claudia said.

Julia now opened her gift and was surprised to find two hollow egg shapes attached by a thin gold chain and four open gold rings. Shaking the eggs she could feel a liquid move inside. She looked quizzically at the other woman.

"They are pleasure eggs. You pop them into your cunt and go for a walk. It is though you have a cock inside you and it is so arousing. I sometimes have to stop and cum. I even cum as I have walked with someone I know," Claudia remarked smiling.

Taking one of the rings she continued," These go around a cock when it is erect so that it stops a man from cuming and that makes him last until you are ready to let him cum. Dom lasts forever and we just love it when I let him explode."

Julia's smile widened even further as she considered what fun she could have with the presents she had been given. The two men had books, Marc a book of erotic illustrations and Dom a book of erotic poetry.

Her eyes alight Claudia walked over to Julia and kissed her on the mouth. 

"Why don't we try out the presents?" she said.

Julia answered that question by kissing her again and then took a breast in her hand as she pulled it towards her mouth. Her nipple slipped between the lips and rested against her tongue. Her tongue that massaged the hard nub of flesh that was Claudia's nipple. Claudia's hands meanwhile slipped over Julia's hips and touched the still wet lips of her cunt. 

"Hmmm let's lie down on the couch," Julia said.

Quickly they lay down again on a couch the men watching the delights of womanly love and masturbation. Being old intimate friends they masturbated each other and watched as the women settled head to each other's cunt.

"Yesssss!" Julia hissed as she felt Claudia slipped one of the eggs into her cunt. 

It seemed so strange until she moved her hips and then it seemed to move inside her and it felt very nice. Then Claudia seeing her friend's hips rock back and forth slipped the second egg in. 

When Julia moved the eggs would move in different ways so that it seemed she was having the egg move into her and out of her at the same time. 

"Ohhhh that's so good," she groaned as she came.

Gathering her thoughts a little she took up the marble phallus and placed it between Claudia's wet lips. Then with a firm thrust she pushed it deeply into the other woman's cunt. Using her other hand she flicked the other woman's exposed clit and she felt the woman's body shudder with the pleasure. 

Then Julia came again as Claudia locked her lips over Julia's clit and attacked it lustfully. The feeling from her cunt made Julia even more active with the cock in her hand. Both women became locked into a cycle of orgasm and pleasure. Then unable to take anymore they stopped and watched as Dom and Marc their hands wrapped about each other's cock and jerked each other off.

"No we need your cocks in us," Julia cried and taking two of the new cock rings she moved next to the men. 

Though unused to them she placed them as the base of the men's cocks and closed the soft gold so that the rounded edges touched. The rings stopped the men from cuming and then she led them to Claudia and she made Dom lie on the couch. Claudia realising Julia's intentions straddled her husband and guided the hard cock to the entrance of her cunt and sat on it. 

Marc all the time stood behind Claudia as Julia oiled his cock and then dripped oil between the other woman's ass-cheeks. Tenderly she oiled the woman inserting her finger and rotating it until she was sure that the other woman was ready for Marc's cock. Then leading her husband's cock she encouraged him to thrust his cock into her ass.

Of course he needed little encouragement and thrust smoothly into the woman's bowels. Claudia took it easily since she had many times had a cock there. As she felt the men pump their hard flesh in both of her holes she gasped and groaned with her pleasure. Her cunt pulsed and squirted as she came and it also seemed that she came from ass and cunt equally. 

Watching the threesome Julia pumped Claudia's marble phallus in and out of her cunt. It was erotic watching both men fucking her friend. Their cocks pumped in at the same time and pulled out at the same time. She knew from experience the feel of the two cocks was almost overpowering and you could cum so many times. It would become too much to endure after a time. 

Julia gasped as she came but it seemed almost lazy compared to what she saw in front of her. Then Claudia croaked that she needed them to stop and Julia drew them away as the woman swooning gulped a glass of wine. Their cocks still stood rigidly at attention and now she knew it was her time. 

Taking again the oil she wiped each cock clean with the silk robe she had once worn and oiled the cocks with their angrily pulsing red heads. Then it was Marc who was straddled his cock rising and falling in her cunt as she sat above his hips. 

Behind her she could feel Dom's breath as she felt oil poured and applied to her ass and her hole penetrated by a finger that stretched her open. Then she felt the feel of his cock as it pushed into her. She gasped, though this had happened often the feel of a cock in the ass was still something that gave her such a thrill. 

The cocks began to pump into her and she came and came. They filled her and then left her wanting them again. The pleasure washed over her and she knew that she would have to stop soon.

"Cum for meeeeee!" she groaned.

As she did Claudia pulled open the rings and as they opened the dam burst. Cum shot through cocks and they pulled them from her body so that they could wash her with it. Spurt after spurt sprayed her until they could give no more. 

Finished they could barely move. They felt so satisfied and it was Claudia who cleaning the cum from Julia's body suggested a hot bath to refresh them. The men merely nodded as they drank letting their wives prepare the baths for them. 

"I hear the congratulations are in order," Dom said quietly after the women had left.

"From Caesar himself no less. They need a good man as Procurator in that nest of vipers," he continued.

"It's more to do with the family I think but it will give me some thing to lay before the plebs when the elections come up in two years," Marc said.

"I need a good Prefect and you did well in Germania. Cleaned out that ring of Christos fanatics," Marc asked his unspoken question. 

"The women won't like it being left alone it being a hardship post but that's the cursus honorum for you. I'm your man Marcus Antonius. Perhaps we can visit where your ancestor and his Queen defeated Octavian creating this Romano-Egyptian Empire," Dom replied. 

The sound of Julia's voice summoned them to the baths. Rising Marc took Dom's forearm and said," Then let their God save the Christos fanatics and terrorists Titus Flavius Domitian."

Kissing the man again on the lips he then said," Ave Saturnalia" 

"Ave Saturnalia Marc. Hmmm Prefect of Jerusalem and Samaria to the Procurator of the Palestine well it will be good for some boasting," he said laughing as they staggered to the baths.