 My name is Bradford Warren Willingham III. My friends call me Brad. I am the son of one of the most wealthy and notorious playboys in our part of the country. My family's money comes from many generations back and there is a lot of it. When I was 15 years old, my dad met his counterpart in female form. She was 3 years younger than him and had a daughter that was 13. After a whirlwind courtship Dad and Miranda married and I gained a sister. Allison was cute as a button and she seemed to latch onto me from the first moment we met. Her mom's family also had a lot of money, so Ally and I both had no worries in the money department.

Our parents were famous for 2 things. They gave great parties and they were never at home. Ally and I were always in the care of our nanny, Judith. Judith was 33 years old and lived in our mansion with us. She had a healthy sexual appetite as was witnessed by the many suitors who visited her and spent the night. Sometimes Ally and I would sneak down to the cottage she had in the back of the estate and watch through the windows as Judith and her man of the day had sex. I suppose it was only a matter of time before it affected us in the way it did.

Besides Ally, Judith and me, the other residents of the house were Emma, the cook, her husband Ben and the maid Florence. Ally and I spent many days and nights in each other's company and even slept in the same bed many times. After a while our natural curiosity got the better of us and we started seeing each other's naked bodies. Before long we were comfortable being naked together. When I was 16 and Ally was 14, we lost our virginity to each other. I guess all that exposure to Judith and her beaus had an effect on our young hormones.

By my senior year in high school, Ally and I had tried just about every form of sex we could on each other and with others. Ally and my friend, Carl had been dating for a few months and I knew that Carl was poling her on a regular basis. I didn't mind, because I was still fucking her several nights a week. She even gave me a blowjob on prom night just before Carl picked her up and then kissed him at the door while winking at me. I dated several girls in high school, none seriously though because they just couldn't compare to my little sister.

When the summer after I graduated ended, I went off to college and Ally and I were separated for the first time. It was difficult. She dated several guys in school and I dated in college, but no one held our interest long. Ally was head cheerleader, homecoming queen and prom queen. She was voted most popular and was in the National Honor Society. When Ally graduated high school she was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. Many others had the same impression of her. The ironic thing is that even though she had fucked or sucked many of the guys at school, no one considered her a slut or whore, nor even spoke ill of her. Ally was 5'6" tall, dark blonde hair that fell just to her shoulders, green eyes and a face of an angel. Her smile could melt the coldest of hearts. Her body had really blossomed. She was 34D-22-34 and had the longest, smoothest legs I ever felt wrapped around me. But her ass was to die for. To see her perfect buttocks in a pair of bikini panties or swimsuit, made my mouth water and I immediately wanted to fuck her ass. An act I had been lucky enough to do several times.

After Ally graduated from high school, she joined me at college and our parents got us a real nice apartment to share. Of course, we only used one bedroom unless one of us decided to bring home a new partner. My friends at school were dying to get their hands on Ally and some actually did. Regardless, we remained very close and often had sex before or after having been with someone else.

Now you would never know it to look at that sweet face, but my little sis was one hell of a cocksucker. She could deep throat with the best of them. My dick is not the biggest she's had, but it's no slouch either. It is 8 inches long and fairly thick. I do know of one basketball player she fucked that had 13 inches; he was also very black. I have even video taped her getting fucked or sucking some guy, but we never let them know it. We would lie in bed and watch the videos and then she would suck me or I would fuck her until we were too tired to go on.

As I stated before, we tried a lot of things sexually, which included toys. I have let her blow me while jamming a dildo into her pussy and having a butt plug in her ass all at the same time. We have gone out in public with her wearing a remote controlled vibrator and I give her a blast when she least expects it. It's so much fun. At any rate, you should have the picture now about Ally and me.

Now, the story I want to tell you is one that happened to us several months ago when we were on our graduation trip abroad. I know you won't believe it, in fact, I have a hard time with it, but it happened. It altered our lives forever and gave us some experiences that we'll never forget. Let me tell you what happened. 

As already noted, Ally and I come from a lot of money. For graduation our jet-setting parents gave us a trip around the world. Eight of our close friends went with us. This is the same group that we have hung out with for years. They are all in similar circumstances as we are, and I guess that is why we are all so close. It's a good mix of male and female and we have all had sex with each other over the years. In fact, many times when we charter a boat or an island resort, we turn it into a nudist area where the sex, booze and fun flows. Contrary to what you may think, the only drug any of us ever use is pot and that is not a regular thing with us.

Anyway, someone in the group suggested we visit Thailand. Never having been there, Ally and I agreed. When we arrived in Bangkok, we set out to se the local bars and sample some of the flavor of the area. Somehow we found ourselves in a little shop off the beaten track that sold herbs, potions, etc. The shopkeeper was not like most of the Thai people we had seen, seeming a bit more reserved and serious. As we looked around the shop, he approached Ally and me and said, "I have that which you seek in this vial." 

My response was quick. "sorry sir, but we are not in search of drugs."

"It is not a drug, but rather a portal to that which you wish to answer."

Ally and I were very intrigued now so I asked him, "Please tell me what you mean, sir."

What he said next both astounded and unnerved us because he was dead on the money. He said, "The 2 of you are very close, you have a cosmic connection that will never be broken no matter what happens in your lives, but you each have always wanted to be the other from time to time. You wish to experience life as each other; to know how it feels to be in the other's body and feel the sensations of life from that point of view. This potion will make that possible. The amount of dosage determines the time you can stay switched and it will be longer each time as your body builds up a reserve. Properly used, it is a valuable tool, abused it can cause interesting predicaments. So, if you are truly seeking what I say, you may have this vial, free of charge as a sample. Should you desire more, you have but to come back here together. Now, are you brave enough to try?"

Ally and I stared at the man, then at each other in disbelief. The things he said were exactly right. We had talked many times about wishing we could swap places for periods of times to get the full effect of sex and pleasure from the other's viewpoint. We felt it would enhance our abilities to make our lovers happier and each other. In unison we responded, "Yes! Give us the vial."

The old man cautioned us one last time, "Remember this is a sample. If you like the results, you can obtain more, but it is expensive and if you abuse it, the changes can become permanent. Do you understand this?"

We nodded and took the vial. After a few moments, everyone was ready to go and find some lunch, so we left the shop. Ally and I were anxious to try the herb, but decided to wait until when we were alone later that night. I don't know about her, but I was tingling all over from anticipation. The possibilities seemed phenomenal. 

It was close to 2 am when we finally got back to our room. We quickly got naked and into bed. Ally was excited and spoke first. "I want us to fuck before we try the potion and then fuck again after. I want to experience both sides in the same night. Is that okay with you, sweetie?"

I have never been able to deny that gorgeous face anything, so I agreed. Ally began to kiss my neck and worked her way down to my already hard dick. She took my balls in her hand and began to lick them and gently suck them; next she ran her tongue up and down the length of my cock before taking it into her mouth and swallowing it all. I watched her head bob up and down as she sucked on my hardness. Ally turned while still sucking my dick and positioned her shaved cunt in my face. I eagerly began to lap at her slit, sticking my tongue in and out of the opening until I found the clit and sucked on it. I felt her quiver as she had an orgasm. Getting up, she moved to position her cunt over my very stiff cock and lowered herself onto it until she had taken the entire length of it. Then she moved up and down, faster and faster until I actually felt her cunt tighten against the side of my cock and she exploded in a magnificent orgasm. I rolled her over on her back and began to pound into her as hard as I could until I reached the most amazing climax I had experienced in quite sometime. As my dick began to soften, I kissed her beautiful lips and rolled onto my back beside her. We were both physically spent.

After about 30 minutes, Ally asked if I was ready to try the potion. I answered in the affirmative and she quickly retrieved it from her purse. The old man had included instructions for us, so we quickly read them and proceeded to mix the herb as per the directions. With a smile, Ally took her portion and I took mine. Now we just had to wait for the outcome of our experiment.

There must have been a knockout agent in the potion because we both passed out. When I came to, I was sure nothing had happened because I felt the same. I looked at the clock and only 15 minutes had passed. I next turned to look at Ally, but what I saw was, ME! I moved my hands to my chest and felt the tits of my sister, but there were now on me. I pinched the nipples and moaned in pleasure to my own touch. Instinctively my hand went to my crotch, but instead of a dick, all I had was a slit. I began to insert my finger into the opening and moved it in faster and faster, getting wetter and moving toward an orgasm like I had never experienced before. Just as I came, I felt Ally's, I mean my, hand on my tits and then she/he kissed my lips. His/her tongue darted into my mouth and I sucked on it playfully as Ally had done to me many times.

"So you started without me, huh?" Ally said in my voice. Now I have to say it is very strange looking at yourself and hearing your own voice while feeling your hand on your tits. I could see my own face smiling at me and that was just weird. I'm sure Ally was experiencing the same thing. I guess I should tell you what I look like. I am 6'2" tall, have wavy brown hair, brown eyes, a good tan and am fairly well toned. Looking at me from a woman's perspective, I would say I was a hunk.

"Okay, big brother, we only have about 8 hours of this before it wears off, so let's get to fucking. I want to see what it feels like to drive this piston into your/my cunt, ass and mouth," said Ally. With that she straddled my face and stuck my dick at the opening to my/her face. "Suck it, baby, let me see how it feels." I did as she said.

I must admit that it was totally strange sucking my own dick, but I just went with it. I used the techniques my baby sister had employed on me many times in the past, and it seemed to be having the desired effect on her. The sensation of fullness in my mouth was amazing. Ally grabbed the back of my head, as I had done to her many times, and began to fuck my face with my dick. By relaxing a bit I was able to continue sucking it until I felt the head enlarge and then hot semen shot into my throat. I swallowed it all. I was even more amazed at the fact that my/Ally's pussy was dripping wet.

"WOW!" exclaimed Ally in my voice. "I never imagined an orgasm could feel like such an explosion of pleasure. Now, how long before this thing is ready for action again? I want to fuck my pussy and my ass before we change back." 

"Take it easy, baby. It will take a few minutes at least. Why don't you go put out the Do Not Disturb sign on the door and call the gang so they won't expect to see us until later tonight. That way we won't be disturbed. When you get back to bed, you can use that tongue on my pussy and maybe by then you'll have another hard on. This is going to be quite an experience for both of us. One I intend to enjoy."

Abby returned to the bed as I was pinching my/her nipples and immediately pried my legs apart to give her access to the wet cunt that was now mine. "Lover, you're good at eating pussy, but I'm going to show you how to really do it" she said. With that she shoved her face into my dripping crotch and began to suck on the pussy lips. Next she ran her tongue in and out of the hole which was now oozing cum. She quickly found the clit and went to work on it. I immediately had a mind bending orgasm and grabbed her head and pulled it deeper into the love canal. Then, to my surprise and delight, Ally slipped a finger into my asshole and began moving it in and out, which made me squirm more. I could not believe the intensity of the orgasm, nor the number. I must have had 4 during this assault on my body.

Apparently, my dick was now hard enough to use again, because Ally suddenly and forcefully drove it into my soaking wet pussy. She did not go slow and when it hit bottom I came so hard I screamed. In and out she drove it, harder and harder until I literally felt it grow inside me, and the hot spurt of semen burst forth into my bowels. Again I came and wrapped my legs tight around her waist as if to hold her there forever. Never had I felt such a wonderful sensation. The orgasms kept coming....six, seven, eight, I lost count and then passed out from pleasure.

When I came to, Ally was hovering over me with a very concerned look on her face. "Brad, are you okay, Darling? Did I hurt you? I am so sorry." In response I pulled her head close and kissed her while jamming my tongue into her mouth. I reached down and gave my cock a squeeze and said, "No, Baby. You didn't hurt me. It was the most amazing feeling of pleasure I have ever experienced. Damn, it was great. How about you? Was it good?"

"I would never have dreamed I would feel so much power driving this rock hard cock into a woman. It made me feel so strong and then when I erupted with an orgasm it was so intense that I felt it all the way to my toes. Now I understand what you feel, and I like it. Let's fuck some more." She demanded. Amazingly, my/her dick was hard again.

"This time I want to fuck that ass you seem to like so much. Let's see how you like it." She said with a somewhat evil grin on her face. With little ceremony Ally flipped me over on my stomach, and using the juices from my cunt, lubricated her cock and my ass, then slowly entered the nether regions of my asshole. I must admit that involuntarily I tensed up which made it difficult, but after the head entered it became easier and the pain was replaced by a different kind of pleasure. As she plunged in and out of my ass, I rubbed my clit and had several more intense orgasms. Then Ally erupted filling my ass with her cum. Exhausted, we both collapsed on the bed and passed out.

When we awoke, we were still in each other's bodies, so we sucked and fucked some more. Finally, after a long hot shower where I gave Ally a blowjob, we went to sleep. Upon awakening, we had changed back to our own bodies. Both of us were sore, but very content at having had this amazing experience. I had a new appreciation for my sister's body, and she for mine and for what real pleasure is.

The next day we found our way back to the little shop and bought a large supply of the potion from the old man. He also gave us a PO Box number that we could access for future use. His parting words to us was to caution us about side effects and misuse. Of course, we paid little attention to that.

By experimentation, we learned how much to use to make it last as long or as short as we desired. The longest we have gone so far is 2 weeks straight. Of course, there was a lot for both of to learn. I had to learn how to apply make up, walk in heels, etc. and Ally had to learn how to walk with a manly swagger and pee standing up. Perhaps the hardest thing to control was arousal while being switched. It wasn't so bad for me when I was in Ally's body, but once we went clubbing as each other, Ally saw a guy that really turned her on and got a raging hard on. She had to go to the john and he happened to take the urinal beside her. When she saw the size of his dick, she just lost it. That one really made me laugh at her. Of course, when we got out to the car, she made me blow her.

One thing Ally was always good at was picking out clothes. Especially lingerie. Call me crazy, but I enjoyed wearing some of those outfits she bought. The fun thing was to dress as provocatively as I could and then watch the reactions of the men that saw me. I liked wearing really thin blouses with no bra so that my nipples would stay hard and poke out of the fabric. Men really are fools for a nice set of tits.

Another area we experimented with was self-gratification. It became one of our favorite activities to do in front of each other. We also experimented with toys. Ally had me using the remote vibrator like I used to use on her and enjoyed watching me squirm when she would turn up the power on the remote. We even tried it with one in her ass for a new sensation. I enjoyed using her dildoes, especially the 12" one. Damn that thing was big, but it felt so good in my/her pussy.

None of our circle of friends knew about the herb and what we were doing. The reason was simple, having had sex with all of them in our own skins, we wanted to sample it the other way around. I must admit that Alan got my attention with his 10" cock up my ass. He quickly became a favorite of mine. Ally really enjoyed fucking Melanie. She was not only the tightest pussy of the group, but the girl could blow a cock like no body else. Plus, she had some of the nicest tits money could buy, 38DD's on a slim frame. Ally actually enjoyed tittie fucking her.

We continued to have sex in all kinds of ways with each other, but we wanted to experience many different things, too. In all our time together we had never had multiple partners at the same time. We decided it was time. We also decided that it would be me in Ally's body that got to bust the cherry on it. The plan was simple, I would dress in a very sexy outfit, go to a nearby bar and pickup 3 guys to bring back to the room where I would fuck and suck them all. Ally would be hidden and would video tape it all. The next time we would reverse it.

First we had to indulge in the herb and we gave ourselves enough dosage to last 12 hours. We then set about preparing for the night. After the brief nap that always accompanies the change, I took a nice long scented bath while Ally laid out my clothes. She chose a very tight and short skirt in red leather, topped by a black silk blouse. I had on a black bra and thong, 3" red heels and no stockings. My hair was down and loose, red lipstick and nail polish finished the look. I was hot and I knew it. Ally gave out a low wolf whistle when she saw me emerge from the bedroom. "Damn, Baby, I want you myself." She said as she made a move toward me. "Not now, lover. I'm after strange dicks tonight. You just watch and learn." I teased.
