 "I traded in my white and blue squad car for a gray unmarked Ford Crown Victoria. I never really thought I would make detective some day. I was just too busy running around trying to keep this city safe to give it much thought...or even care."

I drove my new car from the station straight home thinking about the big news. 

As I parked and started up the stairs to my apartment I thought about what was I gonna do if my precious girlfriend was asleep.

She usually waits up for me but ends up falling asleep sometimes when she just can't.

I glanced down at my watch as I kept going up the steps. "It's 3:35AM and I'm still horny from being fucked against my will," I thought to myself. "Before I eventually broke loose and threw her ass out the window that is."

I made it to my apartment and unlocked the door. As I pushed it open, the sight of what I saw confirmed that I now had a date with my right hand.

There on the couch was a curled-up sleeping Bianca in a white tank-top that struggled to contain her massive big titties, some pink panties which gave me a perfect view of her light-brown curvy legs, and some girly socks. Even as she slept with her short curly brown hair slightly messed up, her face still remained beautiful as always. 

"This is the boiling point for me, I have to have her!" I thought to myself.

I quietly shut and locked the door behind me and tip toed over to where she was sleeping. I knew she wouldn't object to what I was about to do as I woke up to her once or twice sucking on my hard dick before I even got out of bed in the morning. I knelt down in front of her and now had my crotch just inches away from that gorgeous face. I slid my hand down her panties and started pressing down and rubbing her clit. 

Bianca gasped just slightly while still remaining fast asleep.

I unzipped my pants and pulled out my huge hard on with my other hand. It looked kind of swollen from me having a prolonged erection. I started stroking it in front of her face while fingering her pussy.

"uhh...ugh." Bianca started to moan in her sleep as my finger kept digging in and out of her snoozing pussy faster and faster.

I also then increased the speed of me pumping my cock in my hand. 

"uhh...uh..uh..uh," she started to moan more rapidly while still being sound asleep. Her pussy now getting moist from the finger popping I was giving her.

A drop of clear precum formed at the tip of my dick as I continued to jerk off in front of my sleeping girlfriend's face. Then I felt I was close and got ready to cum. "Oh yeah here it comes," I thought to myself while still beating my meat and finger fucking that pussy at the same time. "Fuck oh fuck!" I mumbled trying to keep my orgasmic noise down as I shot stream after stream of cum up and down her still sleeping face.

Just then she opened her eyes and said "Huh? Wha-Oh shit I'm fucking cumminggg!!" As her leg and hips started to shake as she climaxed right there on my still vibrating finger.

When she finished and stopped, I thought she was going to get mad at me for waking her up so early in the morning but instead a smile slowly formed on her face.

"What a way to wake up sweetie!" She said to me still smiling before she glanced down and saw my now soft cock still in my hand.

"Oh you even brought me breakfast! Does that sausage get any bigger?" She asked in a very sexy voice.

Hearing that made it slowly get hard again until it was standing straight up.

"Oooo it does!" She exclaimed looking up at me again.

"Heh, heh, you hungry baby?" I asked her now taking my wet hand from her hot pussy.

"You know it!" She yelled as she bounced up and jumped on top of me.

I picked her up and carried her to the kitchen counter. When I sat her down on top of it I threw off my cop uniform and she stripped out of her pajamas while still sitting there on the counter.

She then leaned back on her hands and spread her legs wider apart as I stuck my dick into her waiting pussy.

"Ohhh yeahhh!!" She moaned as she threw her head back.

I grabbed both of her thighs and started pounding into that fuckhole for all it was worth.

"Uh huh! Give it to me! Yes! I want it! Fuck!" She moaned while her whole body bounced up from each thrust I rammed into her. 

Then I grabbed her body and pulled it close to mine. I picked her up and started fucking her with her body in mid air just bouncing on and off my cock. She loved it.

"OH! Uh huh! Oh yes daddie give it to me! Give! It! To! ME!!" She screamed and started shaking as yet another orgasm surged through her body.

"Uhh! Oy! Yeah! Uh!!" She moaned some more as she came down from the explosion of hot cum she had just made on my dick now dripping down to the floor.

I pulled her off me and bent her over the counter.

"Give it to me?" She begged looking back at me.

I shoved my throbbing hard cock back into her pussy and started fucking her doggystyle while grabbing and squeezing her big jiggling titties.

"Yeah! Yeah! Oh yeah!!" She moaned out, "You like getting this cuban pussy? Yeah it's so good to you right?" She moaned looking back at me while holding her ass cheeks open wider.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna nut! I'm gonna cum again Bianca!" I yelled out while still pumping into that pussy.

"Cum! Cum for me baby! Cum on my huge ass titties!" She moaned out to me.

I smacked her ass right before I pulled out and she dropped down holding her titties out in front of me to cum on.

I began jerking my dick off furiously on them and began shooting my load all over the top of both of them. "Ah! Ahh! Ohhh!" I moaned as I just finished busting my nut all over Bianca's boobs.

"That was fun!" She said shaking her boobs with my nut still sitting on top of them.

"Yeah it was. Thanks B, I really needed that." I said smiling at her while walking away planning on going to bed.

"Hey we still need to finish our conversation." She says quickly trying to catch me before I walk into the bedroom.

"Not now Bianca please, I've had a long day." I say to her stopping in my tracks knowing that this won't be the end of it.

"You always had a long day! You just never wanna hear my opinions don't you!" She screams at me.

"And here we go..." I say to her back as we get into yet another argument which is gonna last for about an hour. Things just aren't what they used to be between us...

**************************************************

"Ahh, isn't it romantic sitting in the park all alone as a couple?" Kayla asked her boyfriend.

"Yeah it's alright." Danny says, "But it could be better," as he runs his hand up her thigh.

Kayla giggled "Come on now!" As she removed Danny's hand and pulled her pleaded skirt down some to cover more of her thigh.

"Aw come on! We've been seeing each other for weeks now and the only thing we did was kiss! When are you gonna let me do more?" Danny asked while trying to feel up on Kayla's boobs.

"You know I'm not a fast girl." Kayla said brushing his hand off her, "I wanna take things slow with us."

"Fine!" Danny said frustrated reaching into his pocket and pulling out a small hard-plastic clear sheet containing 2 white circular pills, "At least get high with me."

"Danny what is that?" Kayla asked surprised to see he had drugs on him.

"It's called "Climax" and everybody's doing it!" Danny says.

"I don't think so, you know I don't do drugs!" Kayla says turning her head away making her curly blond pigtails bounce as she did so.

"Oh don't be scared Kayla, we're both 18 so I believe we can handle alittle hit." Danny says still holding the Climax out as an offer.

"I am not scared! I just, well...give it to me!" Kayla says snatching the little pack and tearing it open.

"That's right, now just pop it in your mouth and swallow it." Danny says while taking one for himself and doing the same.

"GULP!" Danny and Kayla goes, both swallowing a pill at the same time.

"I don't feel anything. You see? Drugs are stupid!" Kayla says angrily and feeling kind of regretful.

"Well give it alittle more time to take effect," Danny says feeling sure of himself.

Suddenly Kayla started to feel slightly aroused. "Woah!" Kayla says surprised.

"What?" Danny asks turning to look at her.

"Um...nothing." Kayla says trying to sound normal. Then all of a sudden Kayla starts feeling really, really horny. She feels her pussy even get wet. "Umm, Danny?" Kayla says to him sounding worried.

"Damn my dick just got super hard out of nowhere! I-I wanna fuck you so bad right now Kayla!" Danny says staring straight at her.

Kayla turns away and closed her eyes trying to fight off whatever feeling was now taking over her body but she couldn't. She now had a sudden bad craving for cock and couldn't help but reach over and unzip her boyfriend's pants pulling out his hard dick and start sucking on it.

Danny just closed his eyes and leaned his head back while smiling to himself.

Kayla bounced her head up and down on his dick feeling as though she would die if she kept it out of her mouth for too long. She then cupped his balls and started trying to lick them with her tongue each time she pushed her mouth all the way down on his dick.

"Mmmmmmm!" Was all Danny did just taking the new blowjob his girlfriend was giving him.

Kayla then started sucking on the head of Danny's dick while rubbing the rest of it with just the tips of her fingers. "SLURRRP! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!" went Kayla on his dick. Kayla then suddenly felt to urge to fuck to the point where she couldn't stand not having a dick in her pussy another minute. Her legs even started to shake begging for it. She took her head off of Danny's dick with a "POP!" Then stood up and started pulling and yanking off her clothes just flinging them anywhere.

Danny struggled getting his sneakers and pants off but slipped out of his underwear as fast as Kayla was back on the bench laying down on her back yelling at him to fuck her.

Danny slipped his throbbing hard cock inside her wet pussy and started fucking while putting her legs on his shoulders and digging his fingernails into the flesh of her thighs.

"Oh! Ugh! Fuck! This feels so good! This feels so good! Uh! Oy!!" Kayla moaned loudly while gripping the top of the bench with one hand and the side of the seat with the other.

Danny was more than happy to keep giving his girlfriend the pounding he was giving her. He then grabbed her ankles and spread them apart as much as they would go and brought his foot over one of her legs and placed it down on the bench seat next to her stomach. He then started to drop and thrust his dick into her pussy deep and hard.

"Oh yeah! Oh uh! Oh yes!" Kayla screamed in ecstasy as she humped him back each time Danny would bring his dick down into her.

Danny then backed up and put her legs together and over the edge of the bench as he glided his dick back into her and proceeded to fuck her sideways.

Kayla moaned and yelled "Ohhhh! Oy! This dick is fucking good! Oh what! I think I'm gonna...I'm."

"Ahhhhhhhh!!" Danny groaned as he fucked Kayla fast smacking her ass as hard as he could turning it red.

Danny and Kayla fucked against each other making funny movements as they both came at the same time.

A female police officer comes running flashlight and gun in hand over to them. "Freeze! Stop what your doing and put your hands where I can see them!" She yells seeing 2 naked teenagers on a park bench laying on top of each other panting and breathing heavily. "Your both under arrest for lewd conduct in public!" The female cop yells at them placing her gun back into her holster and reaching for her handcuffs while keeping the flashlight on them.

Danny and Kayla don't even respond as they continue trying to catch their breath and trying to figure out what just came over them.

**************************************************

The next day:

When I woke up I noticed Bianca was still mad at me from our argument we had hours ago before we went to sleep and showed it by still sleeping instead of getting up and being in the kitchen making me breakfast right now.

I got up and got dressed skipping the shower. I put on some black shoes, black pants, a white button-up shirt with a red tie, and a brown leather jacket. "Oh damn, I almost forgot!" I thought to myself as I grabbed my new badge and slipped it on the side of my belt. This was my first day going to work as a detective after all. After I brushed my teeth and Kissed my sleeping girlfriend on the cheek I was gone.

I drove down to the station and went to see Sargent Mckinley.

"Hey officer-I mean detective." He says grinning and shaking my hand, "Listen Hardy, your first assignment is to put a stop to whoever's pushing this new drug called "Crank" or whatever it is." He suddenly says while his smile quickly disappeared.

"Any leads?" I ask.

"Yeah, over by the high school on Mandrana Lane." Sargent Mckinley says, "But go see Forensics first, she'll give you more information."

"Alright thanks," I say to him as we part ways. I go over to Diana's office and walk in on the forensic science specialist bending over looking for something in the bottom drawer of her file cabinet. 

Now Diana has had a schoolgirl crush on me ever since I first came into this precinct and started giving it a good reputation. I always have had a girlfriend which I constantly have to remind her of but that certainly doesn't stop her from flirting with me though.

"Ahem!" I say making her jump and stand up straight and turning around so fast she almost falls over on her black heels.

"Oh hi Hardy! I didn't see you there!" Diana says in a surprised and excited voice, "What can I do for you?"

"There's a new drug called "Crank" your supposed to tell me about?" I say to her in a serious tone.

"It's called "Climax" and yeah hold on." She says as she goes over to her desk and starts looking for something.

As she searched for whatever, I looked at what she was wearing today which was a tight shiny red button-up shirt and a long red skirt. Also with of course the same high heels and big black glasses she wore everyday. Diana always did keep her long blond hair in the same style as well which was always in a bun. Her long black nails complemented her pale white skin and her tight round ass made the badge she wore on her waist look sexy. I gotta admit she was a looker.

"Ah, here it is!" Diana says holding up a small square-shaped see-through hard-plastic sheet which clearly contained 2 circular white pills in it.

"That's it?" I ask wondering what's so special about it.

"Yes!" Diana says, "This is the latest illegal drug on the streets called "Climax" and is especially popular among teenagers and older couples. It always comes with 2 pills intended for you and a sexual partner to take at the same time. Shortly after you swallow the pill it gives you an instant erection even if your older and are experiencing problems having or maintaining one. For females, it just gets them really you know, wet. But what happens to both of them is their sex drive increases by 210% giving them the instant urge to want to have sex. The feeling of them both needing it while with each other helps them to enjoy each other's company alot more in which them having sex with each other is almost always expected. The downside to this drug is that it's highly addictive and the more you take it the quicker your going to feel the need to take it again after it wears off making this drug actually considered dangerous."

"I see. Thanks for the info." I say to her while turning to walk away.

"Wait! Since you just became a detective we should go out and celebrate later, maybe have some drinks over at my place?" Diana blurts out.

I stop and irritatingly say "Girlfriend, still together."

"Oh right sorry! I always forget." Diana says while looking down and laughing nervously.

"See ya," I say while leaving and heading to my car.

I pull up to a stop sign on Mandrana Lane right across from the high school when I see these 2 teens score from some guy thats obviously a dealer. "Bingo." I thought to myself while I turned on the flashing red light on my dashboard and gunned it down the road. 

He took one look at me then started running in the opposite direction.

"Why must this always be difficult?" I said to myself as I continued speeding after him.

He ran down a sidewalk then turned left and jumped up and hopped over a wooden fence leading into an alley.

I just drove right through it.

CRACKK!! went the fence as my car smashed through it.

I could see the back of the drug dealer's shirt, shiny black jeans, and sneakers as I was now right behind him tearing down this alley.

Suddenly he trips and falls.

I slam on the brakes which causes the car to stop just enough for the front bumper to barely touch him "EEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR!!" I get out and slam the door while walking towards him. "Couldn't this all been alittle easier? Get up!" I bark at him while he's still on the ground looking pissed.

Just then a back door behind one of the buildings leading into the alleyway swings open and a man walks out. "What's all the fucking noise back here!" He yells but only to see an unmarked car with the siren light flashing. "What the fuck?" He says loudly as he reaches behind his back.

"Don't you do it" I say into his ear softly as I put my gun to the back of his neck. 

"Shit!" He says as he stops moving immediately.

"I'll take that," I say to him while taking the pistol out the back of his belt with my other hand. "How many more inside?" I ask him.

"4" He mutters angrily.

"Alright then wait here," I say to him before knocking him out with the butt of my pistol to the back of his head "THUD!"

"DOOF!" Was the only sound he made while hitting the ground out cold.

I walked over to the open door and stood in the open doorway gun in my hand looking at all 4 of the guys hanging out on a small set of steps. They were all talking so loud and joking around with each other they didn't even notice me standing there. 

I pulled out a cigarette from my pocket and put it in my mouth. Then with the same hand I took out my lighter and lit it. 

After 2 puffs they finally smelled the cigarette smoke and acknowledged my presence.

"Who the fuck you think you are blowing in front of us like that!" One of the men yelled at me.

"How bout' we bust ya ass up right now!" Another one of them yelled getting up from the steps.

"Wait chill for a minute, he's strapped!" Another one of them said staring at the gun in my hand.

They all stared at me as I took some more puffs from my cigarette until I finally said "Police, everybody up against the wall and put your hands behind your head."

Immediately all of them stood up reaching fast into their waists and under their shirts.

I brought my gun up fast and started squeezing the trigger "BLAM!" "BLAM!" I shot the first one twice in the chest making him fall backwards against the wall, "BLAM!" "BLAM!" I shot the second one twice in the same area as the first one making him fall backwards onto the stairs, "BLAM!" "BLAM!" I shot the third one in the shoulder and chest making him fall forward onto the floor, BLAM!" "BLAM!" The fourth one caught it twice in the stomach making him fall back against the other wall then over onto his side.

I looked down at their bodies and the black and chrome pistols they were reaching for now in clear view as I took one last puff from my cigarette then dropped it to the ground and stepped on it. "This all could have been easier." I said to myself before turning to leave.

As I stepped over the man still on the ground that I had knocked out, I walked over to the trunk of my car. After I holstered my pistol I pulled out the keys and opened the trunk.

"Ah fuck! I was hoping you was the one that got shot you fucking pig!" Said the drug dealer laying on his side in my trunk with his hands cuffed behind his back.
