 As I sat in my unmarked car up on the third floor of the parking garage I glanced at my watch. It was 1:02AM.

"Hey detective, when are these guys supposed to show up again?" said one of the uniforms sitting in the car with me.

"They should be here now." I said looking at the drug dealer leaning against a pillar waiting for his daily delivery of Climax.

"It's a good thing you got him to cooperate huh? Since it's still early that this stuff has been out on the streets, Chocolate Deluxe shouldn't suspect a drug bust already!" said the officer again.

But I didn't respond this time. Not only was I tired and cold, I was not at all in the mood for chit chat. Bianca had finally packed her bags and left me just a few hours ago. I can't really say I blamed her because all we seemed to do was argue more and more. It was also obvious we were no longer like we used to be when we first met. That seemed like such a long time ago.

Just then a red van pulls up and stops right next to the drug dealer.

All of the cops in the car with me immediately straighted up in their seats.

"AK89210" I muttered under my breath trying to memorize the license plate number.

The driver then steps out and walks over to the other side of the van and opens the passenger door.

I recognized the broad, clean-shaved african american immediately. He was the bodyguard of none other than Chocolate Deluxe and have been for as long as I can remember.

He always wore the same purple suit and black tie with shiny black dress shoes. I could never find out what his name was for sure but knew he always kept nothing less than a sharp clean appearance.

Then Chocolate Deluxe herself steps out of the passenger seat of the van!

I can tell all of the cops that were sitting in the car with me were eyeing her as hard as I was myself.

I was even a little surprised to see her in anything other than her usual gold Mercedes-Benz.

She was a very attractive woman with smooth shinning brown skin, long red and black dyed hair, and her signature solid gold stiletto heels. She also was wearing a long thin gold necklace around her neck and a short black dress that showed off her nice long legs and soft bubble ass that bounced with every step she took.

"Goodmorning miss Chocolate!" said the drug dealer.

"Give me my cut Dean so we can get this done already! I'm dressed for looks, not the weather!" Chocolate Deluxe said.

"Here you go, our usual amount of Climax?" the drug dealer said handing her a wad of cash.

"Yes! Demand for more product is increasing and soon I'm going to double the amount I give you to sell" Chocolate Deluxe said taking the money and counting it twice. "Any problems so far?"

"Uh, nope." The drug dealer said.

"Good." said Chocolate Deluxe, "Marco! Havaugn! Get the stuff!"

Suddenly the back doors of the van swing open and two men jump out and start walking quickly towards the drug dealer. One of them carrying a duffle bag. The other was carrying a sub-machine gun.

The drug dealer gladly takes the duffle bag and Chocolate Deluxe starts walking back to the van with her bodyguard.

I hit the sirens and accelerated!

Everybody stopping to look briefly at the sudden car with flashing light and siren before running towards the van.

The drug dealer dropped the duffle bag on the ground and ran away in the opposite direction as he knew I would need it for evidence.

The man carrying the sub-machine gun aimed it at me and pulled the trigger.

I continued toward him with increased speed.

"Click! Click! Click!" went the sub-machine gun. As he looked at it in shock that it jammed, I hit him dead on. 

"THRUMP!!" went his body onto the hood then rolling over my car.

"SCCREEEETCCHHHH!!" I braked hard and all of the cops jumped out running toward the body, shooting at the speeding van, and chasing the fleeing drug dealer all in different directions.

I decided to go after the van. "SKEERRRRT!" went my tires as I took off after it swerving around the police officers. I chased after it down from the third floor, through to the other side of the second floor, then straight across the first floor.

The van gunned it out through the parking garage entrance/exit cutting off unsuspecting drivers without warning. 

"BEEP! EEERRRRR!! SCCREEETCH! CRASH!!" went 3 cars swerving around and 2 of them colliding into each other.

"HONK! HONK! HONNNK! BOOM!!" went a furniture truck slamming into the third car then tipping over onto it's side blocking my exit.

"SCCREETCH!" was the sound my car made as I halted to a sudden stop. I got out and ran towards the scene. 

"Police! Is everybody alright?!" I yelled.

Everyone got out of their cars looked pretty shaken up but responded with a "Yeah, I'm okay" or a wave.

Suddenly the front of the truck erupted in flames and I could see that the driver was still inside and knocked unconscious.

"Oh shit! That's gonna blow!" somebody yelled before everyone started screaming and running in both directions.

"This thing's gonna blow! Everybody get out of here!" I yelled before starting to climb up the sideways turned truck.

"FOOOM!" went the front of the burning truck as the fire grew bigger.

I got on top of the truck and tried to open the door but it was locked from the inside. "Why must this always be difficult?" I said to myself as I balled my hand into a fist. "Crasssssh!" went the glass as my fist smashed through the window and unlocked the door from the inside. I swung it open and reached in grabbing the out cold driver by his collar and pulled him up out of the truck. 

"Wha? Who are you? What are you doing?" the driver asked waking up.

"Good! Your up! While your at it, run! This truck's gonna blow!" I yelled at him.

"Blow? Oh shit!" the driver said after noticing the fire and then jumping off of the truck.

I then jumped off and ran after him flying down the street.

"KA-BOOOM!!" went the truck knocking both the running driver and me off my feet and down to the ground.

"AK89210" I said to myself smiling remembering the license plate number of the now escaped van.

**************************************************

"Do you think we got away without any of them following us?" Chocolate Deluxe asked her bodyguard while standing in her 2-car garage looking at the red van with bullet holes now made in the back of it. 

"Miss Deluxe, I don't know if even any cops got out of that garage in time to know exactly where we went. Did you see all those car accidents we caused?!" her bodyguard said.

"Well then, meet me out back by the pool. I definitely need to relax after what just went down." said Chocolate Deluxe as she walked into her mansion.

"Yes ma'am!" her bodyguard said as he went in after her but then out the back door leading into the backyard.

As he waited by the pool he admired the sparkling blue water in it and the colorful beach towel that laid on the smooth tile ground beside it, he heard the back door open. When he turned to look he smiled at the now naked Chocolate Deluxe catwalking towards him.

"CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK," went the solid gold stiletto heels that she still had on. Her firm fake breasts bounced up and down as she kept a stern but sexy facial expression fixed on her bodyguard. "Well don't just stand there with your dick in your pants!" she said in an aggressively sexy tone of voice.

Her bodyguard then quickly undressed and stood waiting with his dick hard as a rock.

"Mmmmm, I bet you was waiting to help me relax ever since you heard those sirens weren't you?" Chocolate Deluxe said while never breaking eye contact with him as she slowly knelt down.

"Yes ma'am." her bodyguard said in a lower tone of voice while closing his eyes waiting to feel her soft red lipstick lips around his cock.

Chocolate Deluxe ran her fingers down his shaft and slipped his head in passed her lips and let her tongue massage it all over.

"Oh!" her bodyguard moaned out keeping his eyes closed enjoying what she was giving him.

She then brought her head further onto his dick and started sucking harder. She jerked her head back and forth sliding her tongue all over the underside of his shaft every time.

"Oh fuck!" her bodyguard moaned opening his eyes and looking down at her.

Chocolate Deluxe was no longer looking up at him but only down at his dick which she was slurping and sucking on with great effort to make sure every bit of it was getting tasted by her over and over again. She then pulled it out of her mouth and spat on it before throwing her mouth back on it and sliding her head all over it again.

"Ahhhh!" her bodyguard moaned still looking down at her and even twitched out of pleasure.

Chocolate Deluxe then slipped her mouth off of it and walked over to the colorful beach towel that was laid out on the ground beside the pool and got on all fours on top of it spreading legs far and wide.

Her bodyguard looked at her and started stroking his wet warm hard dick anticipating her next move.

Chocolate Deluxe then brought her hand to her pussy and started rubbing it up and down fast bouncing her ass up and down in the air. "Oh Yeah! Oh Shit! I want your big ass dick in my hot box right now! Oooo it's so wet for you right now, don't keep me waiting!" she moaned looking at her bodyguard who was now walking over to her smiling and kneeling down behind her.

"OH YESS!" Chocolate Deluxe yelled throwing her head up and back as her bodyguard penetrated her. She then started fucking him by throwing her ass back and forth on him with his dick in her warm wet pussy.

He stood on his knees with his hands behind his back as she bounced her ass back and forth on him again and again and again.

"Oh! Oy! Oy! Oyyyy!" Chocolate Deluxe moaned while looking back at him still fucking his dick.

He then grabbed her wrists and pulled her arms back as he started ramming into her.

"Oh yeah! Fuck this pussy! Yeah!" she moaned out as her bodyguard's dick stroked in and out of her pussy walls and his pelvis made her ass cheeks bounce off it like a basketball.

"Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yes! More! I love it!" Chocolate Deluxe moaned out louder as her wrists were still bound to her sides and her bodyguard was still filling and pumping her pussy with his throbbing dick. 

He then flipped her over onto her back and put both his hands down on her shoulders.

Chocolate Deluxe put her hands on the back of his shoulders and wrapped her legs around his waist. "What are you gonna do now?" she asked in a teasingly way.

Her bodyguard then started fucking her like a rabbit with his balls slapping all around.

"Oh my fuuuck!!" Chocolate Deluxe screamed out, "This fucking dick is mine! Give it to me! Oh! Give it to me you big dick motherfucker!!"

"I'm gonna cum!" her bodyguard yelled out.

"Whip it out and give it to me! Hurry the fuck up!" Chocolate Deluxe yelled as her bodyguard scooped his dick out and brought it to her face while she reached out to take his dick in her hands.

She grabbed it and put the head in her mouth while she started jerking him off fast and felt him shoot spurts of hot cum across her tongue and inside her mouth.

"Ughh! Ooooooooohh!" her bodyguard moaned out as he came and Chocolate Deluxe nursed the head of his dick sucking every last drop. 

She then pushed him off of her and spat the load she had in her mouth into the pool and watched it float around through the water like small white smoke.

"Now get dressed and back to how you were!" she said getting up from the towel and walking back towards the mansion, "I'm off to take a shower."

**************************************************

"Alright this is the address the license plate is registered to." I said to myself as I pulled up to the mansion and stopped at the front gate next to the security booth.

"Let ME be her bodyguard, I'll give the bitch a way better fucking than HE can!" said the security guard looking angrily at the camera monitor on his desk not even aware that I pulled up.

I got out of the car and walked up to him holding a search and arrest warrant in my hand. "Excuse me! Police, open the gate. I have a warrant!" I said to him now face to face.

He turned to me and almost turned white. "Oh okay, Go ahead through." he said pushing a button opening up the gates.

I turned around and started towards the car again when in the reflection of the window I saw him pull his gun. I spun around and socked him right in his head knocking him out.

"Probably on her payroll and was told to kill any cops." I said to myself looking at him on the ground before tossing his gun in my car and driving up the long decorated driveway. I stopped right in front of the mansion's front doors and got out closing my door quietly.

The garage door opened up and a maid walked out holding two trash bags and put them in some bins before heading back inside not looking in my direction.

I snuck up behind her and waited for the garage door to close before throwing my hand over her mouth and showing my badge using my other one. "How many in the house and where is she?" I whispered.

I lifted my hand from her mouth slowly.

"One out back by the pool and she just went downstairs into the basement, but you shouldn't go down there! That's where she keeps the big dog!" said the maid sounding terrified of saying it out loud.

"I'll be fine." I said to her taking out my cell phone and calling for backup.

"No! You don't understand!" the maid shrieked. 

"Look, stay here! Backup's on the way and I'll be back!" I yelled at her before running inside the mansion through the side door inside the garage.

I swept through the entire ground floor finding nobody. When I got out into the backyard I saw the bodyguard just finishing buttoning up his suit. I took off running towards him at full speed not wanting to give him any time to try anything as I knew he was packing heat but it was too late. He had already looked up, seen me, and pulled out his gun. 

"Police! Drop it asshole!" I yelled at him still charging toward him.

Luckily he only shot at me once or else I probably wouldn't have been able to dodge the bullet by ducking then jumping up in the air and roundhouse kicking him sending him spiraling into the pool and the gun flying out of the yard itself. I don't know why I didn't shoot him. I could have after he pulled that gun but I don't know why I didn't. Maybe I still had Bianca leaving me on my mind, maybe I was tired of killing, maybe I was tired of life.

I decided to go into the basement.

As I crept down the long spiraling staircase leading into the basement with my gun drawn. The further down I went, the darker it got. Suddenly large lights clicked on and the door closed behind me. I spun around and saw Chocolate Deluxe standing there in a white robe aiming a custom gold plated pistol at my head. This chick seriously loved gold.

"I'm not even gonna kill you," she said lowering the gun. "In fact, I'll make a deal with you."

"Oh yeah? And what might that be?" I said to her still aiming my weapon at her.

"I'll drop my gun and go quietly on one condition." she said tilting her head with a slight smirk.

"I'm not gonna negotiate with you! I'm taking you in!" I demanded.

"I'll surrender if you survive," Chocolate Deluxe said smiling taking 3 steps back up the stairs.

"Survive what? If you-" was all I managed to say before someone big picked me up from behind and tossed me over backwards sending me flying down the stairs and landing on my side. 

"Thump!!"

My gun had also flew out of hands reach. "Son of a bitch!" I said getting up holding my bruised side in pain. That's when I looked up and saw who tossed me...or what tossed me!

Standing before me was a green 7-foot woman-like mutant! She or it had a woman's face that didn't look too friendly with messy dark brown hair, green bubble-like skin, and was wearing nothing but a torn up mini skirt. Her fully exposed breasts extended outward about 6 feet each and had a mind of their own as they were waving around up in the air all by themselves like an extra pair of arms! Not to mention she looked like she weighed 1,000 pounds!

"Hey what the fuck is this?! I'm gonna need a hazmat team or something to come down here and-" was all I managed to say before getting smacked in the face with one of the thing's living boobs!

"SMACK!"

I tried to throw a punch at it but one of the breasts wrapped around my wrist in mid air and lifted me straight up before slamming my whole body back down on the floor with full force.

"THUD!"

"Where the fuck did you get this thing?!" I yelled over to Chocolate Deluxe sitting on the staircase watching me get my ass handed to me.

I tried to quickly crawl away but the mutant just bent over and let one of it's breasts shoot out and wrap around my ankle before flinging me backwards into the air.

"THUD! SCHHHHHHT!" went my body hitting a wall and sliding down to the ground. I noticed the ugly thing started walking toward me and I doubt it was coming over to talk. That's when I noticed the black diamond encrusted dog collar around it's neck with a small gold tag hanging from it that said "THE BIG DOG"

I looked around the huge white-walled basement with marble flooring for my gun. It was all the way on the other side near the foot of the stairs. With the lights on I now noticed the many cardboard boxes stacked on top of each other against the wall and the few dead bodies lying around in the corners of the basement. All which had serious broken bones. What I found weird was that there was a big 1-foot purple dildo laying near one of the bodies as if it was somehow being used as a weapon. 

I got up and made a bolt for the gun.

The mutant still walked towards me as if it had all day to get me. It's boobs were still waving around up in the air like octopus legs.

I made it to my gun and aimed at it immediately. "Look, I don't know who or what you are but stop or I'll shoot!" I ordered it.

Chocolate Deluxe laughed hysterically.

I didn't blame her. It didn't even seem fazed and going by how it kept it's same pace walking toward me, it was like talking to a brick wall. 

"BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!" I fired into it's chest and face but it's boobs flew up and blocked every single bullet with the speed of light. I never seen anything like it. The bullets didn't even penetrate the skin of the breasts, they just bounced off the nipples and fell to the floor. "TING! TING! TING!...TING!...TING!" went my puny bullets as they hit the ground. That's when I realized that thing wasn't wearing any panties under it's torn up mini skirt. Not only that but it's green pussy looked tight as a zipper! I should know from all the girl's cherries I popped back in high school. So maybe that dildo does do something to this thing!

The mutant got close enough and its breasts shot out toward my neck like gorilla arms. I ducked and rolled out of the way just in time.

"Quit stalling and die already Hardy! You know it's coming!" Chocolate Deluxe moaned from the stairs now with her hand in her robe fingering herself from the excitement.

"Chocolate Deluxe, you've gotta stop this! It's already over for you even if you kill me!" I yelled at her right before the mutant turned around and made another attempt to grab my neck with it's killer boobs but I dropped down just in time. 

The mutant then dropped down to it's knees and it's breasts flew out toward my legs trying to wrap around them but I flipped over backward and took off running for the dildo. 

"When you lose your V-card, you lose the power to have true innocence. Maybe that's this thing's source of power!" I thought to myself as I was running then slid across the marble floor grabbing the dildo and stopping myself by crashing into one of the boxes. The hole I accidentally punctured in it caused alot of sheets of Climax to spill out onto the floor.
