 It was a chilly spring day, the sun had not poked through the clouds yet over Hardstorm Kentucky and Travis looked out the window of his home. He opened the window to let fresh air in. It had been another cold night, and he wanted to get the smell from the fire in the chimney from last night aired out. It was going to be a busy day. He had to go into town later to meet the mayor of Hardstorm David Johnson. But before he could he felt it was necessary to gather his thoughts, in these last several weeks he had gone through a lot, it seemed minor, but he was compelled to do it. With a glass of water in hand, he sat down at his work desk and began to write.

My name is Travis Friar, and I feel it is necessary to write down the events of the last three weeks. I don't know if humanity will survive, or if anyone will ever recover this testament of events. What follows is to my knowledge the best summary of events that lead up to now, April 24th 2052. 

The fall of mankind was inevitable. For countless years the world tried to convince itself that they could go on forever using the resources that they had at their current pace. Oil was the most important of these resources, almost everything produced could be traced back to some sort of oil being used, either in manufacturing or in transport for sale. Never before has the world depended on just one thing to the scale of oil. Technically it the supply never did run out, it was that there was so little being produced that prices were astronomical and no average person could afford to run a gasoline engine.

The economic depression that hit could have been a lot worse. The United States, Canada, Japan, and Western European nations had been the leaders in technological advancement for years, and since the oil crisis of the 2000s they had invested hundreds of billions of dollars into renewable energy. Wind, Hydro, Solar, Nuclear, and Tidal Power plants were so prevalent that they powered everything. Cars and trucks were converted to hydrogen based fuel cells that was made incredibly cheep by a scientist that found out how to split the water molecule to trap hydrogen and then convert it back into water. Steel was still being produced by coal, and 90% of the oil in these developed nations was being used for intercontinental flights. Oil had gotten so expensive that train travel was converted to the hydrogen fuel cells and the industry also invested billions into high speed trains, and for the first time since the 1930s and '40s there was little to no air traffic overland on any continent. 

In less than 30 years since the oil crisis of 2003 to '13 these nations were only dependant upon gasoline in significantly smaller quantities. It was probably this great confidence that these nations had that they thought they were safe, but oil consumption was so great in the fast developing east and that it was so important in manufacturing plastics and other petroleum based goods is what made the collapse inevitable.

The main problem in oil consumption was that the developing nations of Africa, Asia, and South America did not have the wealth to convert to alternate power sources when they still had a chance to make a difference.

OPEC was first to stop exports and saw it fit to keep all the oil that they had left for themselves. That one event decided behind closed doors by billionaires sealed the fate of mankind. Smaller countries that had oil saw instant jumps in their economies, Russia and Venezuela were the main benefactors of the new wealth. The United States and Canada even though they had 1% of the demand they did in the early 2000s followed suit with OPEC and closed all exports so they could sustain their standard of living. The OPEC decision had so many consequences they are to numerous to list. 

One question that needs answered before the fall of mankind can be truly understood is why did Africa, Asia, and South America not develop the same power systems as everyone else? The reason for that answer is the answer for most political decisions, Money. At that time technological development was so expensive that they took the cheaper route and used oil. They saw little need to convert cars to hydrogen at the time, and cared little for their impact on world climate. When OPEC decided to stop exports their economies collapsed so fast that they could not recover.

The world climate was changing quicker than ever. China had been the worst greenhouse gas producer since the turn of the millennium and they continued at their astronomical pollution pace until the collapse. The total deforestation of South Asia, Russia, and the South American Amazon let the temperatures rise as a result and melted the polar ice caps completely. The water level raised only several meters because everyone knows that when ice melts in a glass of water the water level goes down, and all of the raise of water came from glaciers and continental Antarctica. Displacement happened as a result, people relocated and the world moved onwards to disaster. 

Politics were the final straw. As the crisis worsened the developed nations started to cease exports to provide for their own people. Economies then started to collapse in Europe and Japan as they were most dependent of the developed nations on imports. It was here that the downfall was first seen spiraling out of control by the majority of the world, but no one could agree on what to do as everyone did not want to part with their resources for the good of the world.

War. What were first territorial wars between countries in Asia, and Africa turned into full scale conflicts when trying to get more resources. War spread into Eastern Europe and eventually into Western Europe. Countries were being devastated and a world wide drought devastated those warring nations and millions starved. It was this same drought that finally brought the United States and Canada into economic collapse.

It happened then, it just had to happen when the world was so engrossed in war and turmoil that only one thing could have happened after it. The bomb.

The first bomb was set by some extremist cult from the Middle East that finally got a hold of one as India and Pakistan fell into war. They bombed India first. India responded and bombed Pakistan without asking questions. Former world powers of Russia and the United States tried to get involved to stop the chaos and a few too many diplomats were killed as Pakistan retaliated against India. In that little amount of time the buttons were pressed and Pakistan and India were whipped out, and bombs had hit Russia and the United States in the cross fire. China demanded they get reparations from Russia and the United States for nuclear fallout and when no response came the world as we know it was officially ended by nuclear war in approximately 4 days 11 hours from the time the first bomb was first set off.

The nuclear exchange was limited since disarmament of the cold war, but every country that had nuclear weapons used them. I can only assume what the affect has been in other parts of the world, and will not guess further than there are probably survivors like me who will only be trying to survive.

What I can tell you is what has happened here in Hardstorm Kentucky. When the bombs hit the United States most of the Northeast Coast, West Coast, and Gulf Coast was destroyed. Major cities across the Midwest were also hit, but most of the interior of the nation was safe. Nuclear fallout devastated areas to the west of these Midwest cities and mutually assured destruction was accomplished. Hardstorm was lucky. Most of the mid Appalachian Mountains were spared from fallout when by chance the weather patterns sent fallout to the north and south.

Panic set in when the bombs went of and almost half the town left with all they could carry. A couple of families have come back into town telling stories of destruction the closer they got to major cities. Hardstorm survived the bombs. Let this be a message to future generations of the events that happened.

Fairweather Estate: April 24th, 2052. 9:34AM. 1 mile North of Hardstorm

Travis looked up at the clock it was time to go if he was going to get there on time. Folding the paper he put it in an envelope and finished his cup of water. He stretched his fingers since they tightened and sore from all of the writing. He didn't have time to write more and he figured if he had something else to say that might be of use in the future he would try to summarize that as well. He didn't know if anyone was keeping a written log of events. He never had kept a journal, but writing down what had happened seemed the best thing to do to get it out of his mind. Standing he walked over to his safe and stored it in a top corner. The safe would stand the tests of time, even if he didn't, and it was the safest place he could think of.

He was recently new in town. He moved from a Lexington suburb two months ago. His grandfathers hunting cabin three miles out of the rural town of Hardstorm Kentucky had everything he could have ever needed. His family had owned the land since well before the civil war and he was left it from his father 3 years prior. When the economy was booming the cabin was rebuilt with modern luxuries. His father was killed in the first year of the riots that spawned from the economic collapse.

Travis had to go into town today. Long before the bombs went off the economy had turned into a barter system. Travis had moved to the cabin when he couldn't get any more work in Lexington. He was former military and they were not looked at kindly in the cities since the riots broke out. He took his sidearm out of the safe and put on his shoulder holster. Checking the ammunition in the clip he loaded his Colt '45 model 2011 and took a few extra of the high capacity clips. It was practically the same gun model that was made famous almost 100 years earlier, but with minor modifications to increase firepower, accuracy, and reduce recoil.

The roads were not safe after the bombs, even this far out into the country so Travis wanted to take no chances, and took along his M4 Carbine. Life still had its perks, he came from a long line of former military and weapons collectors, and had brought most of his families collection with him when he moved. It seemed that after the bombs everyone was carrying around guns after a string of murders and robberies in Hardstorm. The local gun shop was sold out in days and the public display of firearms kept the peace better than the state police would have 50 miles away. No one had even seen a police officer since the bombs.

Travis got into his 2045 Mercedes-Dodge Ram and took off towards town. 

Yesterday

Travis was chopping firewood just outside his cabin when he heard the trip wire set off the flare in the distance. It was mid afternoon and he rushed to his cabin to get a gun. He chose his trusty M4 Carbine and Sniper Riffle and was into his sniper nest in no time. It was off to the side of the cabin by the tree line. Since the first reports of violence, he set out to defend himself from robbers by digging multiple concealed firing positions as well as setting up trip wires on the roadway. With cars being powered by fuel cells they were incredibly quiet compared to combustion engines of old. He figured that the trip wires would give him warning if someone was coming. The problem was that they could leave then, and come back another time being more cautious and avoid the road. So Travis spent a lot of time planning and scouting other places surrounding his cabin to put the flares, he figured he would wait until after the first one went off to place the others, so he wouldn't be spooked every time a stray animal set them off.

Another flare went off, he had placed a series of them on the road to see if they were that dumb or if they wanted to see him. Hunkering down he brought the scope of his rifle to his eye as the vehicle entered the clearing before his cabin. The man inside shut off the engine and opened the door and stepped out.

Travis slowly squeezed off one round as the man went towards the house and it impacted harmlessly two feet in front of the man. He stopped instantly and his arms shot up in surrender as he spun towards the direction he heard the shot. "Travis Friar? Is that you?" He shouted. "I am David Johnson, the mayor of Hardstorm, you might remember me from when you were younger, I was a friend of your fathers."

Travis did remember hearing something about David Johnson when he was growing up and that he was mayor in the short time he had been in town. "Wait there!" Travis shouted back. He climbed out of the hidden entrance in the woods and stepped out in the open, his M4 at the ready.

"What do you want?" Travis said rather gruffly. He was being rude, but these times called for it on occasions such as this.

David took a step towards Travis, "I came to talk to you about our town. We need someone of your experience to help." David Johnson was not an imtimidating man. He stood at just 5'8" and was slightly balding. He was born and raised in Hardstorm and knew everyone in the town of just under 1,000 and the several hundred or so scattered outside of town a couple miles. "I knew your father from way back, I heard of his passing and remember the summers you would come up here with him."

Trav's memory was coming back to him, he did know this man, but it had been many years since he had met him. He last saw him before he had gone into the military. Then remembering his manners, "Sorry about being so defensive, I heard about all the robberies and violence that's been going on around here. Why don't we go inside?" Travis led David into his cabin. "I can only offer you a glass of water if you would like one."

"No need to worry, I was actually scared that you would shoot first and ask questions later after those flares." David chuckled to himself and realized that Travis wasn't laughing at his poor color. They sat at the table a moment before David spoke up again. "Travis, I know these are troubling times, but I have been in contact with Mayor Hughes of Laketon and we are going to form a milita between our two towns to keep the peace, and defend our assets."

Travis was a bit confused at that last statement, "So what do you want from me?"

"I know this is short notice but I know that you were former military and your family is well known around these parts, so I will get right to it, I want you to be in charge of our towns militia."

Travis sat there stunned, "You don't want me, I'm not from here, I couldn't..."

"The truth is almost everyone in town knows what you did in the Third Iraq War. A lot of people know you are here and basically scared to even come meet you." Travis grunted as he stood and went towards the door and out onto the porch. Mayor Johnson followed close behind. "You are definitely the most qualified to do the job."

"Its not that, Mayor, it is... well, this area is difficult to defend a town this small. It's not possible. We don't have power, we are going to run out of food, the best thing to do is look out for yourselves and try to survive."

"Travis, I have a plan. Everyone in town has to help if anyone is going to survive through next winter, I have already talked to all the farmers and they can store enough food for everyone this winter if we help defend their farms from those bandits, a show of force is all that we really need. The economy has been collapsed for a long time before the bombs. This is how we have to survive now."

"I've had enough of fighting, I can't get past what I have already done half the time." Travis was back at his wood pile considering his options. Mayor Johnson had a point with it had to be done. If the bandits were free game everywhere, he was sure that he couldn't last forever, even as isolated as he was. "I'll think about it."

"Good, we are having a meeting tomorrow at 10 AM in the town hall." David turned to leave, "Oh and by the way, there are a couple windmills between here and Laketon that need some minor repairs, some guys in Laketon used to work for the power company and they said they could get them working again, but with the bandits they would need protected too."

Trav sighed as he got back to work on his wood pile. Patrolling windmills as well as farms would be a job all in itself, he wouldn't have time for his work here.

Hardstorm Kentucky: April 24th, 2052. 9:55 AM

The town was already busy when he got there. The mayor had called an emergency town meeting to be held in the town hall. He climbed out of his truck and locked the door. He slung his Carbine over his shoulder and was soon outside of the over flowing town hall. He managed to push/intimidate his way inside as no one else had his level of weaponry. Everyone was staring at him. He had been in town only several times since the bombs and they all treated him this way every time. The mayor had said most people knew who he was but he didn't recognize anyone he saw.

The mayor was at the front of the room talking to a group of people. When the mayor noticed him he motioned for Travis to come forward.

"Glad to see you here, I was worried you wouldn't come." Mayor Johnson said with a smile on his face. "We can get started now, stay near the stage, I'll call you up when I am ready."

"May I have your attention please." David was using a megaphone and the crowd quieted. "Many of you have heard the stories of violence outside of town, and they are true." A quick murmur spread through the crowd and David continued. "There is no need to worry, I have a plan if you give me your attention." The crowd again listened. "I have received word from Laketon that they are in the same situation as we are and I have worked out an agreement with their mayor to provide and protect each other as best and for as long as we need to. I know a lot of you have families elsewhere and I cannot stop you from going but I implore you to stay here where it is safe. I have talked with all of our farmers and they have agreed to continue providing for the community, in exchange for work and protection."

The crowd started talking in groups as David had to interrupt them again "I am calling for an emergency vote for sheriff and judge tomorrow to keep order in the town because who knows where any legal system is. Here on the stage are two tables one for sheriff and one for militia. All who would like to run for sheriff or judge sign up on this list to my left and all who want to sign up for the town militia sign up on the right."

"Militia! What is the sheriff for then?" came an angry yell from the crowd.

"I was getting to that," continued David. "The sheriff will act as the police for our town only, the militia will be our defense. I feel that it is important for the militia to do what it is ordered and under the command of both myself and the Mayor of Laketon. It will not be voted upon so there is no politics in the militia. All ranks will be assigned by whomever I appoint in charge." There was a murmur of agreement through the crowd. "Without further delay, I am appointing Travis Friar, son of long time former Hardstorm resident Michael Friar." David motioned towards Travis and he went onto stage.

His appearance intimidated a lot of people. Standing at 6'3" and 210 lbs of muscle Travis was even more fierce looking with his Carbine and pistol. The crowd hushed as Travis took the megaphone. "Many of you might have known my father and know who I am and I would like to meet you all eventually. But to keep this short, I would like all former military to sign up as well as all able bodied men and women ages 18 to 30 if you are willing."

Travis' statement sent off a fury of discussion amongst the crowd he didn't care about it right now, just as long as he could get things done the way they needed to be done. As he exited the building people cleared a path out of his way.
