 So... sorry for the long delay. For any old readers that are still checking in thank you, I promise that I have another two chapters story boarded after this one. For new readers please start at the first chapter to follow along. I will be trying something new from now on and be telling the story from a point of view format. Each chapter will be a certain characters point of view and not necessarily in any order. 

 Amanda

Hardstorm: July 10th 2052. 6:32 AM

'Holy shit what time is it?'

Amanda woke up on her stomach head pounding. It was another night out on the town on her new asignment for the militia. Travis had asked her to be the spokesperson in a way that has the spokesperson go out and drink with the guys and since she happened to be a young attractive female then Travis saw nothing wrong with using some female persuasion in recruiting.

She couldn't say for sure if it was her or the benefits of working in the militia that had the five new recruits sign up. Ever since the economic collapse a few years ago and especially since the nuclear war a few months ago food has been hard to come by and anyone in the militia had all the food they needed and as a bonus your family would get extra rations as well.

Amanda forced herself to look at her alarm clock. She could only open one eye with the sun in her face. Shielding her face from the sun, the clock stared back at her blankly.

'Shit. Brownout.' Even though power had been restored betwen Hardstorm and nearby Laketon they still wasn't enough to meet demand and rotating brownouts were scheduled. 

Amanda started staying at her old apartment in town after walking in on Travis and Sarah having sex. Not only was it awkward between her and her best friend, Sarah, she hadn't been able to stop thinking about Travis. The night of the July 4th party she went out and got drunk, stumbled home, and pulled out her box of toys and masterbated before passing out. 

The day after the party a recruit showed up talking about how she had convinced him to join. She had been so drunk she didn't even remember who he was. But he sure remembered her.

She rolled over and realized she passed out naked again. Her box of toys were out also.

'Fuck me' thought Amanda as she giggled to herself and realized that is probably what she did last night. She reached down and touched herself. 'Definitely sore.'

She sat up on the bed, her 36B breasts poked outward. It was another hot and humid night. A sheen of sweat was already gathering it was going to be another hot and humid day in Hardstorm. A shower would help but with the brownout the water pump wouldn't be working.

Getting up she put on her clothes from last night, her bra was mysteriously missing, but her UK shirt fit like a glove. She straped on her thigh holster with her .380 colt mustang and headed out the door. Breakfast at the cabin was the best bet rather than risk opening the fridge. The only place allowed to have air conditioning was the community center that along with Travis' cabin never lost power. 

Not many people were up as Amanda got into her car and headed towards the middle of town. She had to pick up a couple of the new guys before going to the cabin.

 Fairweather Estate 

The cabin was busy by the time Amanda got there. 'It couldn't be any earlier then 9.' Amanda noted that even the mayor was there and that was rare these days now that Travis had the militia running itself.

"Good God where have you been?" Sam shouted from the front porch of the cabin.

Amanda thought she wasn't scheduled for later but she was second guessing herself now.

"You look like you were up all night drinking again, and you are wearing what you went out in aren't you?" Sam has always had a crush on Amanda, who didn't? She was 5'4" 115 pounds and her breasts were as perky as an 18 year old. Her black hair hung just above her shoulders and her green eyes melted any guy that tried to stare into them, and a few girls as well. But ever since Sam had steped into the second in command role he had been more like a parent to her and everyone else. Sarah had said it was the former sergeant in him.

"I'll tell you what Amanda, I could never get tired of watching you walk towards me."

"Fuck off Sam." Amanda realized Sam was just giving her hell and not that she was in trouble. 

"Or watching you walk away from me." Sam stared at her ass as she went by. She gave it a teasing wiggle because she knew he was looking.

In the cabin she also had a bunk in the women's room. She hadn't been there lately but she kept extra clothes there. The showers were all in use by that time so she went to the kitchen to eat.

Amanda found herself alone despite how many people were there today. She made some toast and got a coffee since the kitchen was a disaster area and sat at the bar to nurse her hangover.

"...I told you I had nothing to do with it Scott, would you rather be on kitchen duty?" Sarah walked in with a fervor the guys following her. One look around the kitchen and they decided that they didn't disagree with Sarah anymore. 

"Hey Sarah, what's going on?" Amanda asked Sarah. Sarah was her roommate until she moved into Travis' room. The 5'6" auburn haired beauty was the only girl in town that could give Amanda a run for her money. 

"Not you too," Sarah went to get a coffee for herself. "Listen Trav told me to change the schedule 20 minutes ago and went off with Dave into the woods to talk alone."

"Oh," Amanda thought something weird was going on. "I was just going to ask if I could use your shower. The other ones are taken. 

The 'cabin' as everyone liked to call it was actually a 4000 square foot lodge. Rebuilt from the origional run down place years ago to be a vacation and hunting retreat. The master bedroom where Travis and Sarah stayed had its own bathroom and office. The other bedrooms had bunk beds, twin beds, and shared two bathrooms. With close to 50 people now in the militia it was hard to get a shower that wasnt taken.

"Oh yeah... damn you look like hell." Sarah finally noticed Amanda. "Didn't you put on a bra?" Sarah always looked at Amanda to the point she would blush. Amanda did the same thing. Ever since college there has been the sexual tension in the air between them. 

"Hey Sarah!" Someone shouted from outside.

"God damn. I'll be right there!" Sarah lingered for a few seconds looking at Amanda, "we need to talk about..."

"Sarah!"

Sarah rolled her eyes at the interruption. "Talk about..."

"SARAH!"

"Go shower, we'll talk later." Sarah turned to go, looked back bit her lip and was out the back door. "What do you want..."

Amanda wasn't going to waste any time the shower was the best one in the cabin. She stood under the rainfall showerhead tilted her head back and just let it hit her face and run down her body. 

Before she knew it her hands were gently rubbing up and down her body. She could see in her mind Travis and Sarah fucking in the kitchen. She touched her sex and pictured herself in Sarah's position getting down on her knees taking his cock into her mouth. Her fingers moved over her clit, the touch sent shivers up her spine, she could see Travis between her thighs licking her pussy with her and Sarah starting to kiss each other.

She reached up with her free hand and started to pinch her nipples. A moan escaped her lips as she inserted a finger into herself. 

"Bang!" A door slammed and Amanda jumped. Was that her imagination or not she wondered.

She paused to listen and only the water hitting her replied. As she reached down to touch herself again she heard him.

"Sarah is that you?"

'Travis?' She thought... 'I must still be drunk.' She reached down and touched her clit again. "Mmmm. Its me..." she half mumbled as she imagined Travis slowly posing his cock into her. 

Amanda didn't notice the bathroom door opening. She was so close to orgasm. She closed her eyes as she leaned against the shower wall. She started to cum...

Mid orgasm the shower curtain opened. Amanda's eyes shot open. Travis was standing there naked, his penis was hardening, his jaw fell open. "I... I..."

Amanda couldn't stop her orgasm as she shuddered she slipped as Travis surprised her. Trying not to fall down she fell directly into Travis. The curtain ripping off the rod, they ended up in a heap on the floor. 

"Fuck, I'm sorry Amanda I thought it was Sarah." Travis said as he blushed and tried to avoid eye contact.

Even with the shower curtain mostly between them Amanda had almost faceplanted on his cock. Speechless Amanda was frozen. As Travis tried to disentangle from her she noticed his hardness increasing. 

She went for it. Reaching out she felt his warm cock and as he tried to back away from her grasp she put him into her mouth. She vaguely heard him protest with his mouth but he let her continue. She sped up and sucked hard as she closed her eyes and reached between her legs again.

Travis reached down to Amanda's head and pushed her away, but she fought his hands and pushed down to his groin and worked her tongue on his shaft. Travis couldn't take anymore and exploded in her mouth. Amanda swallowed his load and her tongue lingered on the head of his cock. She sat up from Travis and looked at him in the eyes.

Travis was speechless. He had gone into the bathroom expecting to find Sarah and not only was it her best friend Amanda, and she just gave him a blow job!

Amanda just realized what she had done. Sure she had a crush on Travis, and her best friend Sarah, but this was just a surprise and 'I just sucked his cock!' Amanda stood quickly grabbed her towel and ran out of the room.

Amanda ran back to the female room and quickly dressed. It didn't seem like anyone had seen her and she started to pace the room trying to sort out what just happened.

Travis had surprised her in the shower, it was a total accident, but she had been masturbating while thinking about the time she watched Travis and Sarah have sex. When she fell and landed on him while she was orgasming she couldn't help herself she was so horny. She paced what seemed like hours but in reality was only minutes. 

'How am I going to tell Sarah?' she wondered to herself. Not only did she give Travis a blow job she had pictured Sarah there watching her do it. She gathered herself the best she could and went back outside to go back into town before her shift started. 

Just outside Amanda found people were everywhere, just the opposite of what she wanted. She saw Sarah over next to Amanda's car of course talking to Sam. Sarah usually used Travis' truck but that was gone as well as any sign of him. In the past Sarah would use Amanda's car when she needed. But this didn't look good.

Sarah was fuming at Sam over something. 'Might as well get this over with.' She set out in their direction. Sam glanced briefly at her but thankfully Sarah hadn't seen her yet. 

As she got within earshot she heard Sam say, "why not Amanda she's as good as anyone?"

Sarah turned and looked at Amanda, her jaw opened at the sight of her. Amanda loved her best friend and couldn't stand the look she was getting.

"Oh... she doesn't know?" Sam continued, "well no use in hiding it anymore, here," Sam tossed Sarah his keys, "take my truck I gotta go and the truck will help. Take her out and let her know what's going on."

Sarah looked at Amanda for a minute. Amanda thought what she just did was written all over her face. "Alright, let's go." She opened the door to Amanda's car to grab her HK .45 carbine and headed towards Sam's truck. Amanda was frozen in place. "Come on, I'll tell you on the way, I'm late."

Amanda started to cry? "Oh my god, you're late?" She sniffed, "I... I..."

Sarah looked at her and bust out laughing, "oh my god, I'm not pregnant, I need to be someplace and I am going to be late." She had to hold herself up against the car to keep from falling over in laughter. Wiping away a tear from the laughter, "get in the truck already lets go."

Amanda followed her into the passenger seat of the truck. "Honestly, I don't know where you come up with some of the stuff you say Amanda."

Sarah was driving back towards town when she turned off the road onto a side road that soon turned to dirt. "Listen Sam and I have been... this is hard to say..."

"Sarah you and Sam haven't been..." Amanda wondered.

"What? No, we haven't been fucking." This set off another round of laughter. "We've been bootlegging."