 Sarah

Outside Hardstorm: July 10th 2052

"What do you mean you have been  bootlegging?" Amanda looked at Sarah stunned. 

"Well. It started a few years ago honestly," Sarah looked over at Amanda while she drove. Amanda was staring at her with those sharp green eyes. She had a few strands of her shoulder length black hair in her face. Sarah always thought that her bestfriends eyes were the best thing about her.

"What about Sam? What about Travis? What about, I mean how, where?" Amanda wanted to know everything and Sarah didn't have that much time. 

"Trav doesn't know yet. Sam and I were going to tell him but it hasn't come up yet." Sarah turned off the side road onto a smaller dirt road. Sam's truck bounced over the pot holes, they were going deeper into the woods.

"My dad used to do this years ago. He was partners with a guy named William. He hated the fact that he was doing it to make ends meet and he made William promise not to get me involved." Sarah paused to look at Amanda again. She wasn't staring at her anymore but was listening as she looked out the window.

"When we moved back here together a few years ago and I started working at the bar, it was Sam that was supplying us with moonshine. I knew it had to be Bill because the moonshine tasted just like I remembered. I convinced Sam to let me join eventually and..." Sarah pulled off the dirt road onto a narrow path that the truck barely fit in.

"He was pissed at first but Sam didn't know that Bill already knew me." Sarah stoped the truck. "We're here."

"What do you mean? There's nothing here." Amanda noticed that they were deep into the woods. Nothing was around them, the foliage pressed close against the path.

Sarah opened the door, "wait here until I motion you to come out, he doesn't like stangers." Sarah grabed her carbine and slung it over her shoulder. She paused as she was closing the door. "Oh yeah... he thinks I'm a lesbian... so keep that going will you?" She closed the door before Amanda could respond. 'This is all Sam's fault,' she thought.

Sarah walked ahead 20 yards before calling out. She waited for a reply and got nothing. Bill was never late in the past. That could only mean one of two things. He saw Amanda in the truck or something happened to him. Bill was near 80 and one tough son of a bitch. But just to be on the safe side she unslung het carbine before shouting out again.

"It's me... Sam couldn't make it so I brought... my partner."

"Heh, heh..." she heard the familiar laugh. "Why don't you put that piece away. You think I'd let someone sneak up on me like you just did?"

William McCoy was an untrusting sort. He hated modern technology especially the electric motors that had been in use in all vehicles for the last 30 or so years. The oil prices and economic condition of the country made it the only affordable means of transportation left.

Bill stepped out from his hiding spot. His colt navy single action revolver in his hand. 'Old school.' Sarah thought.

"Not that I don't trust you Sarah, but let's have this  partner step out of the truck where I can see her better."

'Her.' Sarah heard it clearly. He might have known her father and been old enough to be her grandfather but he was still an old perv. Sarah motioned for Amanda to get out of the truck. She started walking towards them but Sarah signaled with her hand to stop.

She glanced at Bill briefly, he was looking Amanda up and down. Sarah turned her gaze back at Amanda. She had to admit, Amanda was hot. She had on a olive drab tank top with a pair of tight black shorts. Her thigh holster and hiking boots completed the look. 'Damn she looks sexy in that.'

Sarah caught herself staring at her bestfriend but couldn't stop herself. Amanda waited impatiently and crossed her arms over her chest. Sarah looked back at Bill. "Had enough?"

Bill stroked his gray beard. He wore just a pair of overalls as far as Sarah could tell. "Alright... have her drive the truck up here, I always imagined you as the lipstick one."

"What does that mean?" Asked Sarah defensively.

"Well look at that body. What is she 90 pounds. Looks like she could eat a sandwich." Bill smiled with his missing teeth showing. "Then look at you... if your father was here now..."

"If my father what Bill." Sarah steamed at him.

"Heh, heh, I would be giving him a hard time that his daughter was getting more pussy then me." He smiled again and Sarah had to laugh.

Sarah turned shaking her head. Bill could always get her to laugh. "Get the truck and follow us." Amanda hesitated enough to make Sarah wonder and then went to get in the drivers seat. Sarah turned to follow Bill.

"So no Sam today. Anything I should know about?" Bill always wanted to know when things didn't go to plan.

"Travis had to go to Laketon and told Sam to do a firedrill today, so he is busy." Sarah tried to brush it off. She hadn't actually seen Bill since the war and worried that Sam's lie would come back to haunt her. She hated lying and this was torture.

They went about twenty yards before Bill said, "so I've heard you and Friar have been hooking up. Does she know?"

"Actually we all have been. But you know what prudes people are." Sarah was amazed at the speed of her answer. 'That was easier then I thought it would be.'

"Heh, heh..." Bill shook his head, "tell her to stop here." He went about another ten yards and Sarah could see it. His distillery was perfectly camoflauged. Next to it sat about 100 gallon containers set for delivery.

Amanda stopped the truck and got out. "What the fuck was that about?" She said in a hushed voice when she got close to Sarah.

"Shhh... he's just an old perv, but harmless... he wanted to see what you looked like." Sarah looked into Amanda's eyes signaling to her silently. It had been years since she had done this and wondered if Amanda would pick up on it. She reached out and took her hand. "Bill this is my girlfriend Amanda." 

Bill looked them up and down before tilting his head towards the shine. "I know who she is. Do you thin I live under a rock. Now load up and get out of here before you lose the light. You got a lot of deliveries to make."

Amanda looked at him with a confused look. Sarah saw it and led her to the waiting moonshine to load into the truck. It took a good 15 minutes between the two of them and Bill just watched them.

"You can turn it around about 50 yards back," Bill said when they were done loading up the truck.

Sarah turned to Amanda, "go ahead, I have to talk with Bill about something." Amanda turned to get in the truck, Sarah looked at her ass as she climbed in.

Bill noticed, "I don't blame you sweetie, it's one fine looking booty." 

Sarah smiled, "Bill, I know my father would kill me to say this but..."

"You want to learn how to make it." Bill paused as Sarah was stunned by him knowing. "I could tell it for the last year Sarah, I figured it would be alright, your father was the best moonshiner I have ever met."

"What do you mean?" Sarah had known her dad delivered but not this.

"Your father taught me everything I know. Hell it's his recipe I use. Now, I can't let it go for free. Heh... heh."

A kiss wasn't that bad. Sarah had kissed Amanda plenty of times in the past, just not recently. She bit her lip as she walked towards the truck. She knew he wanted a show of it and she figured she could give him that. 

Amanda was sitting in Sam's truck waiting for her to get back and be on their way. Sarah went to the drivers side and knocked on the door. 

Amanda looked at her and motioned as if to say,'What.' Sarah motioned for Amanda to get out with her head. Amanda rolled her eyes got out and headed towards the passenger side. Sarah grabbed a hold of her arm and pulled her in close. 

Standing above Amanda, Sarah. Had a good 4 inches on her. While actually only 5'6" Sarah was wearing her boots with a good 3" heel and had at least 4" on Amanda at this time. The auburn haired beauty grabbed Amanda around the waist with one arm as she touched the back of Amanda's head with her other hand.

"I love you," Sarah heard herself say, and before she could tell what she had just said, she pulled Amanda in for a kiss.

Lexington Kentucky: September 12th, 2043.

Sarah was getting ready to go out for the night. School had started up a few weeks ago and she was in the mood to party. She quickly checked her phone for any messages. Nothing. She was getting pissed at her boyfriend. He never replies fast enough. 

This week the latest video game came out. It was another one of those first person shooters. When Cory told her it had the hostage rescue mission from last year on it she had stormed out of his apartment.

She still lived on campus in the dorms with Amanda being that they were just sophmores. He was a year older and lived in off campus housing. She had meet him over the summer when she went to visit Amanda who lived outside of Lexington. They had went to a party near campus and Sarah had found herself talking to him all night. No one had told him that Sarah knew Travis so he didn't know the reason she was angry at him.

"Screw him," Amanda came up behind Sarah in just her bra and panties. "Let's go out get drunk, no guys."

Sarah knew that Amanda had been looking to hook up tonight and Sarah was going to stay at Cory's later. Amanda was the most open door that Sarah had ever known and while jaring at first when they lived together freshmen year, Sarah found herself craving what Amanda could do. 

It was Amanda that helped her get over Travis last year, and it had been Amanda that influenced her first hookup last spring. It was also Amanda's toys that had Sarah thinking about nothing but sex the night she had met Cory.

Sarah had stumbled upon a vibrater when she was cleaning their dorm room last spring. Amanda walked in as Sarah was staring at it. Embarased Sarah didn't know what to say. Amanda brushed it off like it was nothing and admitted that she had left it out after using it last night after Sarah had done to sleep. 

The thought of her roommate masturbating near her was on her mind for weeks and she was embarrassed to think that it actually turned her on to the point that she had masturbated for the first time. Shortly after that Sarah had gone online and ordered her first vibrater.

Sarah had been so horny the night she met Cory she had been thinking of how she could get some alone time at Amanda's house when he started to hit on her.

Sarah finished doing her hair and makeup and got dressed in her best party gear. A strapless bra under her short blue top that bared her midriff and hung below one of her shoulders. She had on a black mini skirt that did little to cover up more then her ass, a small g-string meant that she had to be carefull bending over. She also borrowed a pair of Amanda's calf high FMBs. She had to admit her auburn hair with her blue eyes and her school colors was perfect for guys to notice and hit on her. 

"Damn girl," Amanda was checking her out, "you trying to get us free drinks all night again?" 

"What are you talking about, look at you slut." Amanda was shorter then Sarah by just two inches but she usually got all the attention when they went out to bars. She had on a black dress if you want to call it that. It clung to her body like a glove. It was longer then Sarah's skirt and went to just above her knees but when Amanda turned for Sarah to see her back was exposed and showed off just a hint of her skull and cross bones tattoo on the small of her back. Sarah didn't know how a tattoo like that could be badass and sexy at the same time until she saw this one. Knowing Amanda she probably went sans thong because with how tight that was any lines would show through. She finished her look with a modest pair of heels, mainly because they were the best ones she had for dancing and they were black. Her hair was done a little wild, it hung only down to her chin, was usually strait but she had it messed up and out of place. She was an expert at doing her makeup to make her green eyes stand out.

They headed out a little after eleven. Sarah still had some moonshine from back home that she brought with her and they had a couple drinks beforehand. Amanda was getting better at drinking it but Sarah had been drinking it since high school and was used to it by now.

The club let them in no questions asked, it didn't hurt that they were flirting with each other in front of the doorman. They were still working their buzz so they hit the dance floor right away. The first brave guy showed up in no time. "Hey girls, wow you smell good," he settled up behind Amanda, "what are you wearing?" 

"Pussy." Amanda responded on cue. "Get lost she's mine." She playingly shoved him aside and moved closer to Sarah and touched her face, "only us tonight, ok?" Looking into each other's eyes they grinded on each other. 

Sarah leaned in towards Amanda, "I need a drink, let's go get one." She took Amanda's hand and went towards the bar. Sarah knew Amanda wanted to get the drinks for free just because they could. As they waited at the bar Amanda started to touch Sarah's arm as she leaned in and whispered to her.

"You look so hot tonight." Sarah saw the guys behind her start to look.

Sarah smiled and looked down, Amanda said it a little loud so the group of guys next to them could hear. She thought it was nothing, but every time Amanda would do this it seemed so genuine. Amanda started to gyrate as they waited for their drinks. She put her hands on Sarah's hips pulling her in close. The drinks came and the bartender told them that the guys behind them paid. Amanda turned to thank them and before they could hit on them she was dragging Sarah back to the dance floor.

They were doing a good job at keeping the guys away and by their third drink they were getting a little drunk. Sarah had her arms around Amanda as they moved to the music. She loved dancing and let her mind wander and get out of the world. But she found herself only thinking about sex. 

Sarah was so horny. She had been working herself up the last three songs imagining touching herself right there in the bar. Her skirt was short enough that she thought she might be able to touch herself without being noticed. Sarah saw Amanda was trying to say something to her over the noise. She looked at her green eyes then at her lips as it looked like she was saying, "wanna kiss?"

Sarah leaned in and kissed Amanda. A second later she felt Amanda respond. They embrased each other as Sarah ran her tongue along Amanda's lips. They made out a good few minutes as the people around them started to notice.

Amanda grabed Sarah's ass. Her skirt was so short that Amanda's hands actually went under her skirt. Sarah moaned as Amanda returned her kisses with her own tongue. Sarah pulled her head away to say, "that feels so good Amanda." They had kissed before when at parties but never like this.

"Thanks," Amanda had leaned in to shout over the noise in the room, "but I said, wanna piss."

Sarah blushed but let Amanda lead her to the bathroom. The line wasn't too bad and it was their turn in no time. "I think we should get going," Amanda said to Sarah. "I might rip your clothes off if you do that again."

Sarah smiled and said back, "ok but let's stop at Cory's and show him what he missed out on."

"Why did he message you back or anything?"

"Yeah he said to go ahead without him, he was staying in with his friends."

They left the bar together and quickly realized that the temperature had dropped.

They hurried to Cory's apartment and had to wait after they rang the doorbell too long and rang it again. Cory answered the door, "woah, you guys look good." Amanda pushed by him in a hurry. "What's her problem?"

"Oh she has to pee." Sarah kissed Cory quickly and moved past him too.

"Where are you going?"

"With her," Sarah started up the steps to the older home that only had a bathroom on the second floor. She flipped up the back of her skirt to show off her ass and g-sting. Pausing halfway up, "you home alone?"

"Yeah they went out. I'll be down here." Sarah couldn't believe he didn't get the hint.

Amanda had left the door slightly ajar. Sarah went in after saying it was her. Amanda was just finishing up and stood to use the sink. Sarah looked at her tattoo sticking out just enough from her backless black dress as she leaned over the sink, skull and crossbones.

Amanda saw her looking in the mirrors reflection and leaned foward more, showing off her tattoo and ass in the clinging dress.

As Sarah went to wash up Amanda left the room. Sarah heard her go downstairs so she took the time to look over herself. Sarah realized she was so horny and touched herself under her skirt. She closed her eyes as her fingers ran over her sex. She pulled her g-string aside and felt her moisture. She opened her eyes and decided to go check on Amanda. 

Amanda was in the kitchen preparing two drinks. Sarah sat on the large chair opposite of Cory as he played the game. She purposefully didn't close her legs and left them apart a few inches in his direction. She started to brush her fingers across her abs as she licked her lips. 'Still not looking at me,' she thought as she noticed Amanda had been.

She went to sit on the chair with Sarah. It was too big for one person but too small for two. She was basically sitting on her lap and threw her legs over Sarah's and gave her the extra drink that she had made. Sarah could smell it was strong. Amanda put her extra arm around Sarah leaned in close to her and whispered, "that looked so hot, he's not good enough for you." She kissed her neck. "Why don't you start doing what you were in the bathroom, that will get his attention."

"What, I..." Sarah stamered as she didn't think Amanda knew. 

"I started to go downstairs before I realized I needed to ask if you had any extra clothes here." Amanda licked her lips when she paused, "you touching yourself was very sexy, you got me all horny watching you do that." Amanda sat up and gave Sarah a devilish grin as she took a long sip of her drink. 

Sarah did likewise and glanced over to see Cory still focused on his game. She smiled back at Amanda and spread her legs apart a little more. She couldn't quite reach herself with Amanda on her lap so she put her hand on Amanda's thigh and slowly stroked it. 

Amanda took the last sip of her drink, set it down and pulled Sarah's face to hers. They kissed again this time they both started out with thier tongues. Amanda moaned as Sarah squeezed with her hand that was on her thigh. She did the best she could to put her drink down without spilling it and grabed her waist and pulled it closer. 

They made out Amanda on Sarah's lap running her fingers through her hair. Sarah's hand slowly moved up Amanda's thigh as she started gyrating into Sarah like at the bar. Sarah's other had was also working its way under the opening in the back of Amanda's dress and worked its way around her waist. If Cory was looking now she didn't care.

Amanda dropped a hand and reached under Sarah's loose top. She cupped a 36C breast and started to squeeze it softly.

Sarah's hand was now up Amanda's dress. Inches from her sweet spot and Amanda spread her legs to give her room. Amanda now had both hands under Sarah's shirt and quickly took off her strapless bra it fell into their laps as Amanda went back to rubbing her breasts.

Sarah reached Amanda's sex and brushed up against it with her fingers, just as she suspected no underwear. Amanda moaned and gyrated her hips into Sarah's hand, she could feel how wet Amanda was and knew that is how she was right now too.

Amanda broke their near constant kissing and looked over to Cory who was finally watching, "bedroom, now." Cory practically jumped up as Amanda stood up and took Sarah's hand and followed him upstairs.
