  As a disclaimer, this chapter will seem disjointed because it starts before chapter seven and before most of six and ends near the same point. I have done it this way to not reveal events that have a degree of mystery to them before I wanted to. Hopefully the jumping around in the timeline so far hasn't caused any headaches. Also, before I get complaints, I have been switching between 'military' time on purpose based on the main character of the chapter. Also also wik, this chapter will mostly focus on characters that in the past were undeveloped. 

Sam

Hardstorm Kentucky: July 29th, 2052. 19:24.

"See you tomorrow Amanda." Sam watched as Amanda got out of his truck grabbing a gallon of moonshine for herself. They had made a delivery to one of their contacts east of town where it was a lot safer to go ever since the arival of regular army units in Laketon and Hardstorm. Sam took the opportunity to introduce Amanda to some places where they hadn't felt safe enough to deliver over the last few months.

Sam waited until Amanda had unlocked her door before leaving. He was going over to his old house to drop off some of his share of whiskey and Bill's latest payment before his patrol began that night.

Sam could never figure out what he was doing with all of the copper wire and old computers he asked in return for his moonshine, but since no one was trading in money for the last couple of years Bill had asked for some strange items. There was the time he wanted a copy of a book from the 2000s about bio fuels, a time he wanted lead bars, and even the time he wanted some incandescent light bulbs. Sam had no idea where they even came from, but they showed up for payment none the less.

He had to go through the middle of town on his was to his house, he noticed that a group of men from the Laketon militia were just ariving, "odd," he said to himself, "why would they be getting here so late?" Sam was about to park to go investigate when he saw Travis step out of the makeshift sheriff's office. He waved when he saw Sam.

Sam raised his hands and shrugged his shoulders before tilting his head in the direction of the men from Laketon. Travis replied in a similar fashion before going over to the group while waving Sam on.

Sam shrugged and turned towards his place on the edge of town. After unloading all but one gallon of the moonshine for his use and the latest coil of wire he locked up the garage and turned to go inside.

Before he could get to the door he knew that something was out of place. His bench that he kept in the porch was too close to the door. He took his new M4 off of his shoulder and reached to open the door.

The door opened with ease, just as he expected, the door had been unlocked. His spare key was the most likely culprit, he kept it on the top of a rafter on his porch. He stepped inside quietly and let the door open behind him. 

Looking around quickly, nothing seemed out of place or missing and he saw why when he turned to close the door, her boots.

"Is that you?" He heard her call from upstairs.

"Yeah," he locked the door and took off his own boots, "what are you doing here anyways? I mean how'd you get here?" Sam knew why she was here, "I didn't see any cars outside."

"I said I had to do some stuff in town and got a ride." He heard her moving around upstairs, "where were ya, I thought ya didn't have anything to do until tonight?"

Sam bounded up the steps and into his room. She turned around wearing only his new combat jacket. Open down the front it exposed the cleavage of her breasts, her nipples were still covered and her sculpted abs were on display with her patch of blond pubic hair.

She smiled, "s'about time ya got up here." She backed up to the bed and sat on its edge spreading her legs to expose her sex to him. "Come here."

Sam threw off his clothes onto her pile of clothes by the bed and sank to his knees in front of her. He placed his hands on her knees and spread them as he kissed her thighs.

She moaned as he worked his way to her sex and licked her clit. He loved eating pussy and he quickly got her excited to the point of release only to back off at the last second to her wimpers of displeasure.

"It would be so much easier if ya weren't so damn good at that," she moaned as she reached for his mop of thick itallian hair and pulled him back between her legs. 

He didn't want her to climax just yet so he gently sucked on her labia as he moved his hands down her thighs and used his thumbs to help spread her open. He licked at her moisture that was escaping and probed at her with a thumb as he went back to liking and sucking on her clit.

"Mmmm god yes, like that," she tried to buck her hips into him as she let the jacket fall open. Her pink nipples were in her fingers and she neared orgasm again only to have Sam back off. "You bastard. Fuck me please?" 

Sam kept his thumb on the edge of her sex and gave her a quick lick on her clit again.

"Fuck me please," she pinched he nipples as she tried to reach between her legs to her sex. 

Sam intercepted her hand and stopped touching her sex completely. "What do you want Vanessa?"

She looked at him with a sexual rage, "FUCK ME NOW!"

Sam loved teasing her ever since they had met, she hated him saying her name and it carried over into the bedroom that first time and she was begging him to fuck her again just like now.

He stood and lined his cock up to her and he pushed himself into her wet pussy. He had just burried himself all the way inside her when her orgasm hit. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in as she rode her high. 

She loosened the grip with her legs and Sam immediately grabbed her ankles and started to thrust himself in and out of her. He pulled out if her and she rolled over, tossing his jacket to the side. She spread her legs and shook her ass at him. 

He repositioned behind her and cupped her sex with his hand, "more?"

"Yes, please," she replied and he thrust into her suddenly. "Yes, yes, yes!" She screamed as he continued his assault on her. 

He slapped her ass as she pushed back to meet his thrusts. Sam couldn't hold back any longer, "I'm going to cum," he pulled out and cam on her back. She remained in place breathing hard as Sam flopped down next to her on his back.

"Damn, we shouldn't be doing this," Vanessa said as she turned her head towards him, "you're a bad influence." She pushed herself up and went towards his bathroom, "I'll need a ride back."

Sam watched as she left the door open and get into the shower. He couldn't believe it himself sometimes but here she was again, even though she always said never again, she was always coming back for more.

Later

Sam was driving her back before his patrol started. They had fucked again after showering, she had said, "now this is the ride I was looking for," as she sat on his cock and rode him until they both orgasmed.

He looked over at her as he drove, she was at least seven years younger then him by his guess and in the best of shape. He was surprised the first time they had kissed. They had been drinking with Sarah and Travis at his place and they had just left to go back to the cabin after eyeing up each other for the previous hour.

"I can't believe them sometimes," she had said, "they don't even try to hide it."

An hour later Sam couldn't believe that she was all over him begging to be fucked. She hardly paid any attention to him before and afterwards she did the same. Sam didn't mind, he was living the best of both worlds, he didn't have any drama like his last girlfriend and he was getting lucky quite regularly.

"Alright here we are." Sam stopped the truck and got out. He hurried over to her door and opened it for her as she had been reaching for her rifle. "Here you are ma'am."

Lieutenant Driver shot him a look as a private nearby snickered to himself.

"Captain," she said flustered, "stop calling me ma'am, sir."

Sam smiled and laughed. She had to push by him as she went up to the cabin, the private had found something else to do, and he watched as she went inside and imagined her with her clothes off again.

Sam was already plotting when he could get her alone again. The day he overheard her tell Travis that it was "unbecoming of an officer..." he quickly left the room so he didn't laugh in her face. When Sam asked her about it later she told him, "Sam, you're no officer."

Sam had to agree with her on that, he had only been a sergeant in the army and was promoted by the governor at the urging of Hardstorm mayor, David Johnson.

She was West Point grad 2050, top of her class Travis had told him. But her superiors lost all faith in her after the incident that she lost her squad during the first days after the war. This was a position to hide her from the army, but when Sam thought about it he only hoped he had the courage to do what she did if the opportunity presented itself. It would have been easy for her to open fire on the unarmed mob, and Sam knew several officers that he served with who wouldn't have hesitated to give that order.

Sam had been joking around last week about making an officer's club in town. He even went so far to have a sign painted and he hung it in his living room. Travis and Sarah thought it was hilarious and the three of them had to practically drag the young lieutenant to Sam's 'Grand Opening.' Sam never thought she could have been wild, but the Scandinavian girl from Minnesota in her sure did love the aged whiskey that Sam had 'sacrificed' for the club.

Sam was waiting around outside the cabin before his patrol was to start. It was a beautiful July night, warm but comfortable.

"Sam," Travis had stepped out onto the porch behind him, "we need to talk, get inside."

"I've got patrol in twenty minutes Trav." Sam said looking at his watch.

"Nevermind that, I canceled it, Driver is taking care of it now."

Sam followed Travis inside to his office in his room, "okay, what's up?" Sam asked.

"Sam we just got word from Laketon, there is a hurricane making its way here."

 Hardstorm Kentucky: July 31st, 2052. 08:29.

"Sam wake up."

Sam opened an eye and closed it, he wanted to sleep.

"Sam." He could hear Sarah cross the room towards him. "Sam get up we have shit to do. Sam!"

"Alright I'm up," Sam had been up late last night. He had spent the last day preparing the town for the storm, he helped David direct the cleaning of the storm drains and checking power lines for any dangerous branches that could knock them down. He also coordinated with the men from Laketon to shut down the windmill before they left town. They didn't want any lines to fall and put extra pressure on the system. He hadn't gotten to bed until well after midnight when Sarah had come over to help board up the garage that they kept their stash in before he headed over to the mayor's office to help answer questions from the townspeople.

"Did you get to talk to Bill yesterday?" Sarah asked as she went over to the window to open the blinds.

"Yeah," Sam sat up from the couch he was sleeping in in the mayor's office. "He said he could handle it himself, he didn't have any pots running so he just had to go pick up anything loose laying around." He watched her as she stared out the window to the south, "what are we doing today."

"I'm heading out to the windmill as they shut it down. The guys from Laketon are in charge of covering it during the storm." She looked at her watch, "I should get going actually."

"What about me?" Sam asked as she opened the door.

"I don't know, you're in charge in town today while Travis and David are out." She was out the door and Sam could hear her outside telling someone to "ask Sam."

Sam stood to get a drink of water, he hated when he was left in charge. Tomorrow the regular army guys will be hunkered down at the cabin with Travis and Sarah there, Sam would be in charge of the militia in town, not that there would be anything to do, most people were going to be staying inside, but Vanessa was going to be stuck at the cabin too.

He didn't have anything specific that still needed done, so he headed out to breakfast at the diner across the street. Someone asked him along the way when the power would be back on and Sam could only tell him that he didn't know.

After eating Sam figured he might as well drive around town and see if anyone needed anything, or had left anything outside not tied down. While the wind wasn't going to be as strong as it was on the shore, it would still be strong enough to blow stuff away if it was left out. The rain was the bigger issue though. 

During a big storm a few years ago dozens of people had their basements flood. The mayor had made a list back then of who got flooded and Sam had checked on them all yesterday. They weren't too happy when he told them the power would be out and that their new pumps wouldn't work, but he had promised to send some people to help move stuff out of their basements, luckily most of those folks had their furnace and water tanks moved out of the basement years ago. He started out to check to see if they got every thing they needed.

By the time he returned to town a couple of hours later the wind had picked up and the clouds had moved in. He wasn't too happy that the storm looked like it would be a couple of hours early from what they were told yesterday, but there was nothing they could do about it now.

"Four o'clock, damn." Sam wondered where the time had gone as he looked at his watch. He saw a bunch of the town's militia hanging around the bar and decided to stop to see if anyone there was going to be on duty later. Drinking hadn't been a problem, but with everyone being in town because the regulars had moved into the cabin he just wanted to make sure.

"Hey Sam!" Brad shouted when he stepped into the bar.

"That's CAPTIAN Wydant to you." Someone else replied to a chorus of laughter. Most of the guys that joined up had actually grown up with Sam. The militia was always snickering whenever lieutenant Driver insisted on using his last name, 'if they only knew' he found himself thinking whenever someone joked about it.

Sam walked over to where Brad was with a smaller group of guys from the militia they were getting a little too rowdy for his liking. "I want you all to stay out of the bar durring the storm, you are on call from now on, so finish up your drinks."

"Damnit Sam." Brad protested to no aviail.

Sam walked out of the bar and headed towards the mayor's office. He hadn't gotten a few yards when a car turned the corner and roared past.

"What's his hurry?" Sam said to himself.

The car tires squeeled to a stop at the sheriff's station. A young man jumped out and ran inside.

'What the fuck is this about?' Sam thought as he trotted over to the station. A couple of people were already there and he heard right away what was going on as he opened the door.

"... fire outside of town past our place, my dad sent me to get help."

"Alright let's get going." Sheriff McGrady was an older man in his upper fifties, he was well liked around town but Sam thought that he often did things without thinking first.

"No wait," Sam spoke up. Everyone turned to look at him, "where did you say you lived?"

"Sam, this is Gabe Mitchell's kid," sheriff McGrady answered.

Sam had known Gabe for years. "We can't go help sheriff." Sam said matter of factly.

The kid stood there stunned, "but... but... Colonel Travis said that we should get help." 

"Ya see Sam let's go." The sheriff started for the door and everyone moved to follow.

Sam spoke up again, "that road always floods when it rains heavily right?" Everyone stopped and turned to look at Sam, "I mean with the storm coming we can't let anyone that goes over there to help get stuck on that side of the bridge. Plus it's a good half hour to your place kid and that puts the fire ahead of us by at least an hour and a half by the time we would get there."

"So what are you suggesting Sam?" Sheriff McGrady asked, "you want us to do nothing?"

"That's right," Sam didn't like it either, "you said Travis said to go for help? Where did you see him?"

"He was at my dad's place when we saw the fire, him, the mayor, that hot lieutenant, Amanda, and a couple other guys were there too." The kid replied before adding, "they went with my dad and brother to go check it out."

"See, Travis is already helping, if someone's house is burned down they will being them back to town to give them help." Sam noticed the sheriff frowning, "the storm will bring enough rain to put the fire out."

"I don't like it Sam but I guess you are right." Sheriff McGrady turned to the kid, "go home and let them know what is going on kid."

The kid turned to leave but the door opened and a man in a uniform blocked the exit.

"Is Sam in here?" He asked. Sam recognized him from the Laketon militia guys that were in town a couple of days ago, he had second lieutenant bars on his uniform.

"Yeah that's me what's up?" Sam asked, "lieutenant Jay right?"

"Jays, Sarah sent me to find you." He was alone by the looks if it which was odd since they were always told to travel between the town's in pairs.

"Why would she send someone from Laketon?" The sheriff asked, Sam was glad he noticed the same thing.

"I was with her at the windmill we just git back in town, she's across the street at the mayor's office." 

Sam was more confused then ever, Sarah had told him that she would be gone until the windmill was shut down, but the lights in the sheriff office were still on. He followed Jays outside and to the mayor's office.

Sarah was just getting off the radio that they had been using for the cabin and checkpoints to communicate ever since the cellular networks went down durring the war.

"Sam," Sarah turned towards him as she put down the microphone, "something fishy is going on. They said they haven't heard anything at the cabin Jays."

"What do you mean what's going on?" Sam asked confused.

"Do you want to tell him Jays?" Sarah went to look out the window towards the storm approaching from the south.

"Yesterday the regular army guys started to pack up," Jays started.

Sam interrupted, "yeah, before the storm, our guys did the same thing."

"Right, but did your guys pull out overnight?" Jays paused to let it sink in, "I was at the windmill last night and when our replacements didn't show up, and we couldn't get anyone on the radio I went into town to investigate. The military had shut the town down, they weren't letting anyone in or out."

"How do you know they left?" Sam asked.

"We ran into someone else outside of town, they said they saw them moving south tanks and all," Jays went over to the mayor's desk where they had laid out some maps.

"What the fuck would they do that for, the storm is coming?" Sam couldn't figure out why they would have left town.

"Sam, where's Travis?" Sarah asked.

"He's still outside of town, there was a fire that they went to help with it." 

"Which way is the fire?" Jays asked looking up from the map.

"West of here, almost all the way to the ridge." Sam wondered why that mattered as Jays swore under his breath, "what's the big deal anyways?"

"Sam, the gap is south of here." Sarah walked over to the desk and pointed at the gap on it. "there is also this pass over the mountain southwest of town." The road that she pointed to was a few miles past the Mitchell's farm.

"Shit," Sam continued, "you don't think something is going on do you?"

Sarah shoke her head, "I don't know Sam but Travis was worried about all of the troops at the gap, remember?"

Sam nodded, "Sarah, go up to the cabin and check things out, don't let them know what's up if they don't already. Jays, get back to the windmill and..." 
