 Like any child of privilege, I was born wired. Just like my beloved, my rebellious one.

My fingers have never known a day without implanted haptics. When I first opened my eyes to see the sun's light, my sight was filled with the delicate traceries of noospheric data transfers dancing around me. Just like hers.

Like my brothers, I was raised by a virtual assistant. We all had the same Poppins protocol. When I misbehaved, the sting of the spanking was what my nerves were told to feel. I spent a great deal of time with my parents' projections, in a house whose furniture wore new skins every week. I don't know whether I ever met them in person.

I accepted that this was the world. That this was life. Exactly the way she did not. 

Some of us know what we need better than others, I suppose.

At the very first, she was like a visual toothache; it hurt to look at her. That's not some pretty way of saying that she was beautiful, though that is absolutely true. No, she hurt to look at because she was apart from the world, and jarringly realer than the world.

Like everyone else in the Jaded Dragon, I was dressed in a formal kimono. Seated at the bar, I had been looking out the window onto a view of Mt. Fuji's sunrise that had no relation to the muggy midnight outside, and did not see her enter.

The shimmer over the door announced arrivals and hid the transition as whatever they had been wearing was changed to archaic Japanese outfits. At least, as far as our chipped-up eyes saw and our chipped-up hands felt. The process was smooth, clearly expensive, and fully automated.

Which is why it was quite simply impossible for her to be wearing a red cocktail dress. A dress plunging at every point a dress can conceivably plunge and slit upward wheresoever it was not, with matching heels. She was alone, draped artfully across a pillow and leaning on a low table, watching. Some light liquor in a chipped glass snifter swirled in her hand, setting off the deep red of her nails and lips.

I tried not to openly stare, but how was everyone not? In a room of spotless white kimonos she was a splash of blood on the snow.

She noticed my attention over the lip of the glass, put it down to fold her arms with a challenging look, and my jaw nearly dropped. The snifter- the instant it lost contact with her fingers, it was gleaming cut crystal like every other one in the bar, like my own with its two fingers of sake. I had to know how she did it.

I brought my glass and my ceramic tray, embossed with a shimmering dragon and covered in fresh sushi, to sink down on the pillow opposite from her.

"Yes?' she asked. An eyebrow arched in matching inquiry.

"How do you do it?" I replied without preamble. She picked up her glass and I stared in fascination at how its cut crystal withered back to cheap glass.

"It's like most things," she said, swirling the liquor. "It's not that difficult once you decide to do it."

"Can you teach me?"

"Can you learn?"

I leant back, uncertain how to continue the strangest conversation I'd ever had but absolutely certain that I wanted to. She spared me.

"Why do you come here?" She asked the question with intent. I took a moment before answering.

"My friend Marco is the chef, and I want to support him. Plus, he makes a decent Cali roll," I said, swiping some wasabi across a piece before dipping it in soy sauce and popping it into my mouth. "And you?"

"I come for the irony," she said with a strange half-smile. "And to find someone like you. Want to see something?"

I didn't have to think about that answer at all.

"Absolutely."

She reached one hand out to me, and it was only then that I noticed the little sparks in the air around her, dancing in an outline of her. A touch of her fingertips to my temple and the world... lurched.

All around me the gloss melts from wood, the crowd's kimonos fade to drab grey pajamas. The music I had stopped noticing shortly after entering, an electronica rendition of Debussy's Jardins sous la pluie, pops like a soap bubble and the only vibrant color left in the world is her.

"The only lies I allow near me are my own," she declares. In any other circumstances it would sound pompous. With my world breaking around her hand it sounds profound.

I can feel the pressure of unreality, of the room's programmed falsehoods striving to overwhelm her influence, the air straining like a building storm. I glance down at my meal and see the sushi on the now-plain tray is nearly unchanged, the fish no longer glistening, the soy and wasabi simply gone, but still made with care. "Thanks, Marco," I think with the calm distance of shock.

She withdrew her hand and falsehood crashed back into place, but it was all too clearly unreal. I kept trying to see through what my eyes were telling me.

"How?" I asked again, and there was no amusement in my voice this time.

"Take me home and I'll tell you," she replied as she emptied her chipped glass.

On the ride home, though our hands roamed each other's bodies in introduction. She would not kiss me, insisting that we talk instead. Having left any designated garment zone, my own clothing had defaulted to its own setting, a pair of old-fashioned jeans and a simple tunic shirt; her cocktail dress had remained entrancing.

"What did you mean about irony?" I asked, my hand slipping beneath her dress to cup her breast and run my fingers along its sensitive underside, feeling its weight.

"The wasabi," she said close to my ear. "What you were eating is a reproduction of North American sushi, and in that cuisine, real wasabi was too expensive and was replaced with colored horseradish. What you were eating is a recreation of a fake; even when we make a reproduction we don't bother to make things real."

That only registered slowly, distracted as I was by her hand on my inner thigh, fingernails leaving tears in the illusion of denim to show the plain fabric beneath.

"So then what is real wasabi?"

"What is real anything these days?" She asked back. "Do you really want to know?" Her breathing was warm on my neck and her hand was slipping past my beltline.

And when I answered yes, it was absolutely true. I wanted her, and her secret, and her strange smile and her touch and every part of her. I think it was the first true desire of my life.

We fell onto my bed, the rule against kissing surrendered and forgotten. The red dress lay in a pile, slinky even there, my own clothing having landed nearby. With a hand against my chest, she broke the kiss and sat up, straddling my hips, absently grinding against me. Sitting there in a strapless bra and nothing else, one finger raised pedantically in the air, she paused to push a strand of hair behind her ear behind speaking. At that moment I would have believed anything she said and fought for it to the death.

"A long time ago," she started and I groaned, pushing my hips upward. She laughed, riding me like a bucking horse. "Okay, short version. Used to be people weren't sure if all this plastic shit they put in us would work, so they put in an escape hatch. It's outdated, it's overwritten, it's patched over... But it's still there in the code."

"And...?"

"And eventually since no one remembered they threw away the key, and someone found it. A keyphrase that allows for an override."

"So I say a word and my noospherics shut down? All my implants go dark or fry?"

"No. It's not a self-destruct, it's an override. But you have to want to see through it. Like I said, it's not... fully functional. You might not be able to make it work. If you do, it won't be easy." My nod was slow, thoughtful.

"Repeat after me: Wintermute." She said the word and it sank into my mind like a lead weight.

Wintermute. I didn't recognize the reference at the time, some long-dust programmer having a laugh, but I spoke it, and it was like hitting the world with a hammer. I could see the veneer that lay over the world by the hairline cracks in it.

"Say it again." I do, and the cracks spread like thin ice giving way underfoot. The projected tapestry on the wall behind her silently crunches into spiderwebbing shards that all point to her, the rock at the center of my vision, the one piece of my world that was already real. Her hands are on my cheeks, forcing my panicked eyes to hers.

"I am real, and I am here with you," she repeats, over and again, almost chanting the words. She is grinding harder against me now and I feel her wetness coating me. She slips back and takes my cock in her hand, fingers slipping up and down. "This," she says as she bends down to lick the underside of my shaft, "is real. Don't let the lie win."

I... try to see the truth. I strain my eyes and my mind, trying to see the brick wall behind her that I know is there. Something resists me.

"Say it again," she urges me, her hands speeding up.

"Wintermute," I say again, more confident. The illusion shatters, the apartment suddenly as bare as we are, and a wide grin splits my face as I pull her to me for a kiss.

"You did it!" She says fiercely, looking into my eyes as though she can confirm that I've broken free, and maybe she can. "It won't want to let you go. Don't let it lie to you."

It's already happening, pressing in at the edges of my vision, the house retuning itself in my peripherals. As I push it away, shaking my head and focusing on her, the feel of her hands stroking me once more and the deep brown of her eyes, it changes tactics.

A lie of sandalwood snakes its way into my nostrils. She sees me sniff and shake my head, intuiting the cause at once. Bless her, she has a solution: she climbs up my chest with a wicked grin and the clean musk of her thighs washes away the falsehood. My hands wrap the tight globes of her ass, holding her tight to my busy mouth, and there is honesty in her moans. Still the house will not let me be.

Even with her thighs clamped against my ears, fingers running through my hair, still I hear the music. It creeps in, hiding in time with her heartbeat at first, until it sneaks out into a crescendo in tune with her scream of orgasm. An orchestra is playing in my head, lavender is teasing my nose and the sheets under my ass have changed from cotton to silk and back.

My head snaps back and away. "Leave me alone!" I scream at the house around me and it pushes in all the harder. My furniture shifts through styles in a wash of shape and color, now low divans, now blocky oak in a trapper's cottage matching the Hudson's Bay blanket suddenly beneath me.

It is without shame that I run away. Her legs are wrapped around my shoulders but nothing could have stopped me from moving. I'm on my feet in a moment, leaving her bouncing on the bed (and even as she lands on the bed, it grows solid) and with my arms crossed before me I crash blindly through the thin screen to my back yard.

It's in a more natural state of flux than what I ran away from, the lawn torn up in anticipation of a new pool. Down onto my hands and knees, eyes squeezed shut, down onto the piled earth. It's damp from the rain a few hours earlier, fragrant and soft. It's real, and I dare to hope that I'm free.

It's not true, of course. It's not the house I needed to get away from. My entire world is covered in lies. I'm inches away from the raw dirt and what I can smell is fresh-cut grass, just like the yard was programmed for.

I'm there, on all fours in the dirt, when she very nearly tackles me. A flash of lightning, not far into the distance, illuminates her face as she turns me over onto my back. There is fear there, and exhilaration, and need burning in the instant before she is too close to see, lips crushing against my own.

"This is real," she says from no distance away. "This is real," as she pulls my still-hard shaft into position and shudders on to me. Her grip is tight, my face buried between her arms and breasts, leaving no room for anything else. The warm summer wind kicks up into a squall and the breaking of the storm covers any sounds we make. Leaves flit past, the ground warm beneath us as the heavens open and pour down on us with Wagnerian drama.

Her nails are digging into my back, painful now but so urgently present, her hips rolling on top of me, the pain and pleasure anchoring me in the world.

"With me," she is repeating, "with me, with me..." I don't know if she means cum with her or be there, with her. Either. Both. The need for one was the need for both.

And that's the determination she gave me: both. I burst inside her to the sound of thunder, screaming the override with the last of my strength and the illusions at last collapse and fall away.

I am left shivering, newborn into the world, but she is holding me, anchoring me still with the smell of her, the solidity and realness of her. I press into her, still connected deeply to her and wrapped within her, naked with her in the rain and the dirt.

In a way, I've not left since. The world of truth is colder, and the lines are harsher. I see far fewer skies than I once did. But the one I stand under is the true one, it is the one we share, and the sparks now dance in the air around us both.

SLH