 Hey all! Vanity is back in another new chapter of Harem of Vanity. I really had fun writing this one and I hope you'll have fun reading. As always, please contact me via my contact's page here with any questions, comments, hearing from you guys is a big part of what keeps me at this!

*****

The rest of the afternoon was uneventful. We did scans pinpointing the patrol patterns of Accord police vessels and found that they were pretty much concentrating in the solar system where I'd been held, so I had us plot a course for the furthest star and head that way at a steady clip, around Teramach three, or roughly 30 million times the speed of sound. There were a few uncharted worlds in that system, and was beginning to formulate a plan about how to address our accounting woes to put Sarah at ease, but that could wait.

But it was all distracted for me. I'd teased myself utterly rotten with all the cocksucking I'd done, and the pussy-eating I'd enjoyed was a little satisfying, but desperately needed that humongous hog Torrin was swinging around down there. I took some time alone, preparing myself with a long hot bath, one of Fiona's brutal massages, and finally a little makeup session with Bianca. Her tiny perspective was an awesome thing for putting on exactly the right amount of makeup, pretty much down to the molecule. 

I smirked into the mirror through lips painted to look luxuriously full and red. "I better go get Torrin, if I spend anymore time here I'm just going to want to fuck myself instead."

"Has anyone ever told you that you're really aptly named?" Bianca said, shaking her head as she fluttered next to mine.

"They don't have to." I answered.

***

There was an audible gasp when I stepped into the harem. Sure, I'd done this before, but the men knew I liked a good reaction when I'd taken the time to gussy myself up. If this were a normal night, they'd all be standing at attention, maybe trying to figure out how to best accentuate their best features whatever those happened to be, hoping I was in the mood for something different or multiple partners... but they'd all been on board long enough to know that this was a first night with someone new, and that I always flew those with the lucky fellow solo.

I grabbed Torrin's hand, and he let out a sigh as he walked towards the door with me.

"What?" I asked.

"Oh, I was just relieved that you're not planning to uh, have your way with me here, in front of all the other guys."

"Yet." I said. "Sometimes I'm in an exhibitionist mood and you will be expected to act accordingly."

"I just... I'm a little shy," he said.

"Hon, you've got nothing to be shy about. If anything they'll probably have a hard time if they ever have to watch that cock in action, because I think it's going to put them all to shame."

Torrin only blushed as we stepped through the hiss of the doors.

***

I don't always make my first fuck in the gravity well of the ship, the weightless core of The Audacity where the artificial mass enhancers have no effect, so it's a pretty nice spot to do it. All the benefits of screwing in water without the cold or the pesky de-lubricating nuisances. As we crossed the threshold, we began to float up the large cylindrical room.

"Take off your clothes," I commanded, my voice all husk.

Torrin blushed again as he complied, shedding his guard uniform and letting it drift in pieces away from him. He was built lean but cut, nice triceps and shoulders on a chest with decently carved pecs, above a gently rippling stomach. They were nice appetizers for the eyes, but nothing could draw attention away from that dick. His magnificent soft piece flowed away from him as he drifted, like some snake enjoying a swim. His balls rolled back and between his legs, their own flight making his overtaxed nutsack seem relaxed of its weighty burden.

I unzipped my single-suit as well, and removed the tiny disks attached to my breasts. Bras were still popular for erotic display amongst the rich and necessary for the poor, but in day-to-day work I kept my massive girls afloat with a little anti-grav help, now totally unnecessary in the free-floating vacuum. I gave a little series of kicks that accelerated my float upwards, neatly rising between his legs as he drifted up at a slower speed. My hands were on those thick thighs to steady myself as my face slowly merged with his ball-bag, tongue flicking out to lap and lick at those fat testes. Of course without weight to bring them back to their central position, I ended up having to sort of chase his nuts with my tongue, angling differently for each luscious lick.

He moaned and relaxed as I serviced him, now gathering his balls up in a clasped hand, holding them still for the worship of my tongue and lips, sucking on them deeply with wet embellishments from my mouth. Of course the moisture wouldn't stay put, but I had fun adding weightless beads of slobber to his sack, only to chase them around it with my tongue as it added even more. His cock was beginning to get noticeably fatter and I wrapped a hand around the pleasant thickness, stroking as I licked. I must have been doing a good job, because he didn't realize we'd arrived at the ceiling until he gently bumped his head against it.

He moaned as I released a big nut from my mouth with a loud POP. Since we still had artificial air, there was still sound to transmit.

"What do we do now?" he asked, pawing at the ceiling. 

"Silly boy." I answered as I drifted up to meet him face-to-face, then grabbed his shoulders and spun myself upside-down.

"Uhhh..." he said to my pussy, confused as I braced my feet on what was now the ground beneath us and pushed off, holding his ankles so the initial inertia took him with me. Now we drifted down, me taking the time to suck and polish his cockhead as I fondled and stroked his balls, licking and smacking my way through the empty space. He took the hint and went to work on my cunt, teased his tongue beneath my hood, flicking it on my clit. When I moaned in response he took a little initiative and thrust his cock into my throat.

We did our little floating sixty-nine act until my hand came up to keep my head from hitting the floor, I was more practiced at this and used to what was coming. I pulled my pelvis from his face and concentrated hard, letting my natural drift carry more of his cock into my gullet, choking raggedly as he gaped my throat. In the shinier parts of the metal panels in the room I could see a grotesque bulge making its way down my throat. He groaned and tensed, his balls tightening up visibly, but with what must have been some truly epic willpower he grabbed my hips and slowly pulled me from his cock, a heavy groan echoing as he drew me off. As his dick pulled from my face, thick webby strands gradually became floating beads, gently kissing my neck and jaw while they scattered.

I was still coughing and gagging a bit, fighting for more breath as he took control of the situation, gently positioning my body up against the wall. I blinked, looking down at him but not moving, seeing him spiral slowly down, lean muscles helping him to swim through the air and find purchase against the ceiling. Then he kicked off, moving towards me with perfect aim, his face passing my feet, knees thighs and breasts. He gave those a quick lick, not slowing his momentum as his humongous meat missile finally penetrated me, parting my cuntlips wide, gaping my interior as he continued to slide deeper inside.

I cannot explain how relaxed I felt in that moment, days and days of building tension in captivity, fantasizing about this moment, the teasing I'd gotten from being eaten out, from sucking this huge cock, just dreaming, fantasizing, day-dreaming and imagining how this moment would feel. His cock felt even bigger than it looked, if you can believe that. Lubrication in zero-G is not ideal, but I was still putting out plenty of it as he horned his way deeper and deeper, finally fully entering me. 

The moan as I climaxed probably was enough to bring help for fear that I was hurt. Hell, I was probably moaning loud enough for nearby starships to respond, and yes, I am accounting for the vacuum of space in that statement, it was *that* loud.

Torrin seemed pleased with his work and he took things to the next level, kicking off the wall, holding me close as we gently spiraled, spinning and fucking our way through the gravity free environment. He held me fast and plowed away, his humongous rod, god, easily sixteen, seventeen inches, pounding and stretching me. The momentum of his bucking hips made our flight somewhat more erratic, and we occasionally found ourselves pushing off of whatever wall ceiling or floor we happened to bump up against. His sawing cock was unrelenting in how deeply he cored me out, balls only able to gently bobble without weight.

"Ever cum in zero-G?" I asked him, breathlessly whispering his ear. Beads of our sweat were glittering in a cloud around us.

"No," his response was equally starved for oxygen, he was close.

"Cum for me," I gave it the authority of a captain's command, smooshing my tits right around his face while I gave it, and he complied. He grunted and groaned, then his eyes shot open, a little surprised, a little worried, but also sparkling with a ton of happiness.

"AUUuuuugh! Wh-what!?"

"It's the joy of cumming in space," I explained, as we drifted slowly together perhaps six feet from the ground now. "Think of it like cumming in slow motion, it's going to take time for all that delicious nut-nectar to escape your cock. Hell, at your size, it's probably going to last at least five minutes."

I punctuated my words by carefully dislodging the spasming cock, reaching down to jack it with both hand, carefully milking and wringing more fluid out, capturing beads of it in my mouth to savor the taste of him. The miasma of my own juices floated around us in a sort of cloud of fuck-fluid.

He groaned his way through the long moments, loving it, though still looking confused by the sheer overwhelming sensation. I was so distracted I barely saw Bianca poking buttons on the control panel, barely realized what she was doing, barely was aware of how much I was going to have to kill her as she switched the gravity to "on".

WHAM! We hit the floor with a thud, groaning in bruised pain as bodily fluids splattered all around us. 

"What was that?" Torrin was rubbing his thigh where he'd hit.

"That was a little bitch of a pixie signing her own death warrant" I growled, nursing a bruised tit.

"After a shower he asked?" I looked at him, absolutely spackled with a confusing mixture of droplets.

"After a shower," I agreed.