 Hey all! Vanity is back in another new chapter of Harem of Vanity. I really had fun writing this one and I hope you'll have fun reading. As always, please contact me via my contact's page here with any questions, comments, hearing from you guys is a big part of what keeps me at this!

*****

I was wrapped in towels made from the terry-cloth like hide of some unfortunate mountain creatures who live on Omicron Perseii 4, warm and comfortable.

*Bleep!* My door announced a visitor. I waved a hand dismissively, indicating the computer could let them in.

Fiona's heavy foot-falls forecast her entrance, I eyed the hulking amazon as she gave me a curt salute.

"Captain, we've sighted a pleasure craft coming out of Leap Velocity into our sector. Scans indicate a crew of sixteen, just shy of a ton of Irredeemium, and some exotic animals. They don't appear to be armed and their shields will be absolutely no match for The Audacity. Permission to set a course to intercept?"

I breathed a heavy sigh. We had to do it. We were low on money, even lower on precious fuel, and we'd need that Irredeemium in order to escape this sector's police who would be on us like me on a sixteen incher. Robbery was absolutely necessary, but it had begun to bore me.

"Make it happen, Fiona. Assemble a boarding party, anyone you want to bring, just leave Bianca behind."

"Of course, Captain, I would never think to interrupt one of your punishments."

While she went about her business and the ship lurched to motion, I geared up, leaving behind my sexier outfits in favor of the sturdy burgundy leather ensamble I used in raids. I belted on my Cutlass and Punch Pistol. The former was made of specialized solid-state Mercury, frozen into a quick-silver blade that could hack flesh or cut fine enough to bloodlessly cleave between molocules depending on how I set the vibration. The punch pistol was a much simpler affair, boasting a hundred-pound blast that I could set wide to knock things around or refine down to blow holes in stuff. What can I say? Just like with cock, when it comes to weapons I like to have options.

***

I stood on the bridge as we closed in on our prey. It was a little ship, smaller than The Moonshadow, and of course much slower. 

"Captain, I think maneuver the Audacity's docking bay around them if you'd rather we put them on board our ship instead of boarding theirs." Minerva offered

I considered her suggestion a moment, but shook my head. "They'll just see us coming and zip away. Fiona, lock on the Pneumocanon and fired when ready."

Moments later the disk shot out from the canon, striking flat-side to the hull of The Aphrodisiac as this pleasure yacht was apparently christened. Their little ship shook at the impact but was only firing up its engines as the disk punched a gaping hole in their side. Our ring held fast as it deployed the tube we would use back through the empty space, connecting to our ship. Now we were held fast to them by clear, semi-rigid plasteel. Fiona beckoned her away team and lead the charge into the shoot that linked to the Pneumocanon, each member leaping down and gliding through the contained tubes.

It's not unlike a child's slide, and I always found it a little fun as I flew untethered through space, following the away crew of Fiona, Crysanthia, and Adria. There were a couple of the stronger men from the Harem as well. I could tell from the boarding party she'd chosen that Fiona didn't anticipate any resistance, but still we were coming armed and dangerous, you couldn't never be too careful.

By the time I'd made it through the tube, Fiona already seemed to have the situation in hand, most of the crew were face down in surrender. One man stood defiant across the room though, trembling as he leveled a long ornate sword in our general direction. Swords were a popular weapon aboard ships since any wrong shot through the hull with a gun could kill all sides involved.

"I challenge you to single combat!" the young man's voice trembled as much as his hands.

"Permission to kick his balls into his brain-pan?" Fiona asked.

"Denied," I said as I strode towards him, huge tits going ignored for a change as I closed the distance. "I accept your challenge, dumbass."

His fighting stance looked well-rehearsed, and told me that he was likely from a wealthy background that could afford tutors and trainers for the more ritualized combat styles. I needed no ritual, however.

My swing was a straight arc from the right. He moved into what would have been a perfect block, at least if my sword didn't simply pass right through his.

"Freeze," I commanded. He looked down, eyes wide.

"My blade is sticking right through your heart, son. It's currently out of phase, but if I flick this switch with my thumb, it will solidify and you will die. Do you surrender?"

His sword clattered to the deck in agreement.

***

"Booty check!" I commanded, the women and studs of my away team rapidly went about their duty. The check is well-rehearsed, fast and efficient, something essential on richer vessels that usually have artificial intelligence that can contact the authorities even when the humans on board cannot.

Fiona herded our captives together like the cattle they were, making sure they kept out of the way as Crysantha and Adria went quickly to clear rooms of valuables. They pooled everything at the base of the ramp and then began to float boxes up, the mild artificial gravity of the tube wouldn't let them go all the way to The Audacity, but it would be easier to push them halfway in a rush all bunched together.

While cargo traveled I hit my com-earing to keep Ashworth appraised of what she should document.

"Paintings, three pieces, worth unknown. Silverware set, probably a few hundred in Kash. One bottle of Yrolian Brandy, screw the value, I'm drinking that. Yes I'll share. Four Bottles of Vaporwine, maybe four hundred. Miscellaneous jewelry from the women, we'll need to get that appraised of course. A small cage containing an unknown alien pet. Kinda ferret-like I guess..."

As I continued to enumerate objects that went up the tube, Crysantha and Adria conducted the next phase of Booty Checking.

"All male captives will now drop your pants for assessment." Adria commanded in that oddly sweet voice of hers. Amidst grumbling protest belts hit the floor and she gave each crotch a thorough inspection.

"All average or smaller, Captain." There was a tinge of disappointment in her voice.

The last part of the Booty Check was my job. I turned to the gathered prisoners,

"Alright, women on this ship, do any of you posess any special talents?"

As usual, I was met with the blankest stares.

I sighed. "Can. You. Fly. A. Ship? Are you trained in medicine or scientific research? Can you fight? Taaaaaaaaaalents. Do you have them?"

"I...I can crochet." One of the younger ones volunteered, looking at the floor.

My laugh was more of a bray, "Then why don't you crochet yourself up a nice little cock you can go suck. God damn, why would I need doilies on a freaking pirate ship?"

She was meek in her response, "I don't know... I just..." She looked around, smart enough to know she was about to burn some bridges, "I just want to go with you so badly. You're amazing!"

Oh, flattery will get you everywhere with Vanity Nova. "Alright, you don't have skills, but I like the cut of your jib and maybe you can learn. I"ll take you on as..." I had to think, "You can be my cabin girl."

"I can learn to build cabins!" She said excitedly. My palm enjoyed a brief rendezvous with my face.

"Just go up the chute, girl."

I turned back to the cowering crew.

"All of you, I know that you will summon the law, and that's okay, whatever helps you sleep at night. You tell them you were robbed by The Audacity, you tell them I kidnapped your daughter since I know you won't tell them the truth, and above all, you tell them that I look magnificient! Farewell!"

With the goods loaded and the rest of my crew ahead of me, I leapt into the tubing that connected the ships and let inertia carry me towards mine. I was most of the way up when there was a sudden blast of noiseless light, severing the connection between ships.

I was lucky it had been laser fire, because conventional weaponry would have left me in pure vacuum, but as it was the heat from the weaponry had melted the tubing closed wherei t was cut in and instant, and I was still able to clumsily climb up the last few feet before rolling sideways into the ship (ouch, breasts) and coming to stand besidemy crew.

"What the fuck was that!" I demanded as I ran for the bridge.

Nal's monotonous voice came over the intercom, "Pneumocanon has sustained moderate damage and will need repair. I took the liberty of raising the shields in case of further attack."

"That's my mechanical girl!" I said as I slammed into the captain's chair, finally seeing our attacker on the monitor. It was a big ship, maybe a hair larger than the Audacity. The technology looked more antiquated, but there were some mods I could respect, including the top-mounted laser canon that I suspect had just torn my tube apart.

"Asshole ship, identify yourself," I said into the mic on the arm of the seat, knowing that it would broadcast on all frequencies, leaving an open-ended back-channel for a communications relay to latch onto. I was rewarded with an open audio-visual channel, showing me the bridge of a rival ship. The man sitting directly in my view was, I must admit, a specimen. 

He was built towards the beefier, not usually my cup of tea, but you couldn't help but be impressed with the way his baggy outfit was still conforming to the curvature of his awesome muscles. My eyes tried to linger for his crotch, but I was disappointed to find that the camera cut off before giving me a view of that particular bulge, if he had one. I'd certainly known of poorly endowed men who overcompensated with muscles.

"Vanity Nova, you will stand down and surrender to the Gladius, I expect you to disable your shields, power down your weapons, and prepare to be boarded."

"I'm going to do, like, none of those things. Like not even one. In return I expect you to catch a fatal disease, swallow a bag of razor blades and drive your ship into the sun."

"Then we are at an impasse. Your ship can give mine a fight, certainly, but you are outmatched and the deaths of many members of our crews are certain. My men and I are willing to make that sacrifice, are you?"

Minerva leaned in to give him the finger. "Of course we are. In fact if I have to die to help Captain Nova I'll find a way to do it twice."

She raised her hand to her mouth and stage-whispered at me, "This guy's really dumb."

I patted her cheek lovingly and pushed her back, winking.

"Just what are you after? You're clearly not with the Supreme Galactic Authority, and no fellow space pirate would be stupid enough to try to take me on."

"My name is Quasar Artigon, and I am a bounty-hunter. At this point, your head is worth more than everything you've ever stolen."

I smirked. "There are better ways to get head from me than removing it from my shoulders, stud. And I promise it's worth a lot more than whatever money they offer."

He emitted a harsh, barking laugh, "The reputation of your habit of seducing your way out of tight spots has preceded you, I'm afraid. I'm wearing a self-inhibiting cup, so you have no hope of arousing me." 

Interesting.

"Here's the deal beef-pile, I'm not going to surrender, but if you'll meet me on neutral ground I'll take you on in single combat. That work for you?"

"The terms of your proposal are acceptable. I've charted an empty world some fourteen phase-ripples from here. We can go planet side and have this out while our ships keep each other honest in orbit. I'm sending you the coordinates now."

I fed the incoming message over to Chrysanthia for analysis.

"Alright, Artigon, go make peace with your gods. I'm going to break you in ways you didn't know you could break."

"I look forward to you trying and—"

I don't know what he was going to say after that because I switched the monitor off.

"It will take us a little over a day to reach the dueling ground." Said Minerva.

"Excellent! I'm going to go unwind for a bit. You're in charge."

***

I was in the mood for fat cock. I can't explain it, but every now and then you just wanna get utterly gaped open, and while Torrin was nicely thick, his greater asset was his length. It had been a while since I'd dipped into the parts of the harem that weren't the Top Cock, so I had fun calling all the men to stand and present for me, a big line-up of naked flesh. I paced up and down the line, examining. I didn't keep especially careful track of the harem as that was Uthra's job, but I did note that our compliment was a bit smaller at present, maybe a dozen studs ready to service at our pleasure.

While we initially kidnap most of our sex providers, generally we grow fond enough or bored enough to allow them freedom eventually, and while most choose to stay a good long while, servicing my shamelessly fabulous crew, many do pick being left on a good planet over continued service. 

I looked over cock after cock, I'd sampled them all at some point or another, but there were always new combinations to try and new games to play, and sometimes I took a long break from one stud or another. I stopped in front of... what was his name? Oh yes, Hemry, and tugged him forward by his fat dick. Hemry was a bit shorter and stouter than the other men, but made up for it with a heavy thick prick, still a commanding ten inches long when aroused and nearly the girth of my forearm. He stood proudly before me, it having been a while since I tried him on.

Next I curled a commanding hand behind the balls of Arinth, his lovely dark skin a contrast to Hemry's when they were standing side by side. Arinth was a gifted musician and one I'd never needed to kidnap. He pledged to play for my crew as long as we wanted to hear him, and had a magnificent cock to offer in the bargain, absurdly thick it was exactly as big around as it was long, 8 inches in circumference, 8 inches in length. To further satisfy the most OCD parts of my brain, it was almost completely circular, two inches across whether you were measuring top to bottom or side-to-side.

I led both men for the door by their cocks like hot fat leashes, but a pang of guilt stopped me as I neared the door.

"Uthra," I said, turning to the azure skinned beauty, "I want you to go to the bridge and relieve Minerva of command, but on your way there, find Torrin and have him waiting for her in her quarters. She's earned a reward."

It was true. The poor faithful little ditz had saved my life twice in as many days, and all I'd given her return was the chance to watch me get my cunt eaten while she drove. Her loyalty was unbreakable, and I'm sure that I could treat her horribly until all the suns gave out and she wouldn't so much as complain, but the tiny little conscience I had didn't' feel it was right. Letting other girl's have their own time with a Top Cock is about the biggest (literally) prize I can bestow, so I hoped she'd enjoy it.

***

I'm no submissive, but there's just no better place to get a cock ready than on your knees. My eyes were greedily looking from left to right as I took in the two studs I'd selected. With one hand I massaged and gently tugged at Hemry's impressive nuts, enjoying the play of his long cock while it flopped around. My other hand was busy on Arinth's shaft, wrapped around the impossibly thick base of everything, my fingers barely loon enough to get more than halfway around it. He didn't seem to mind the lack of coverage as he groaned and fondly stroked a hand through my hair.

I don't know if Hemry was intimidated by Arinth somehow, or squeamishly homophobic, but it took him a bit longer to begin plumping up and filling out. I gave his dick a few encouraging tugs between massaging pumps on his balls which seemed to be swelling as well. I dropped a hand to Arinth's sack, mauling and weighing balls all over, comparing. As if by design, Arinth's nuts were not overall as massive as Hemry's, but like his cock they had curious symmetry, much rounder than most balls I'd had the pleasure of palming. I leaned one way and flicked my tongue all over Arinth's black balls, loving the wrinkly texture and pleasant heft on my tongue. I moved in, greedily sucking away on them, finding room for them in my cheeks as my tongue kept polishing away. Hemry moved around a little and lewdly slapped his dick against my tits, knocking ripples into the pillowy flesh. If I weren't in such a horny move I might have objected, but in my current state of arousal it was surprisingly pleasant. I moaned into Arinth's sack, his cock lewdly slipping back and forth along my face.

"Oh my GOD!" I grinned around the mouthful of ball meat as the voice echoed into the maintenance vent. *P'POP!* I unmouthed the now-glistening nuts and grinned.

"What was that?" Arinth asked, giving his cock a few slow jerks.

"Minerva. I sent her a gift. I thought it would give us a nice ambience." I explained. I could close the vent, block the noise, but this would not be my design.

"That's...that's the biggest dick I've ever seen!" 

I playfully turned to Hemry and licked and lapped at the underside of his cock, enjoying the ten-inch trip from balls to tip again and again. I then turned back to Arinth, giving the rest of his shaft some slobbering and smacking with my thick dicksucking lips, finally pulling both wet cocks down, rubbing them all over my face, grinding their huge rods against my cheeks and forhead, finally giving myself playful slaps with them, both men groaned as they watched me revel in their sheer masculine essence this way.

"Oh god, they're so heavy! Could captain even fit these in her mouth? Let me try... ULPH!"

I looked up, locking eyes with Hemry. "Fuck my face, stud." I commanded, grinning as he seized my head in both hands and probed my lips apart with his cockhead. I barely had time to slurp on the head before he greedily stabbed into my throat, battering my gag reflex with thrust after pounding thrust. "GLUCK! GLRCK GLRCK GLORCK GWUGH!" I gagged as he sawed a little deeper with each stroke, nasty tendrils of drool dangling from my lower lip, thick hot nastiness his long dick had dredged from the depths of my throat.

"Oh god yes! Do that thing with your tongue again! Ngh! No wonder she was making so much noise on the trip up! You're so good!"

I was beginning to feel a little sorry for Minerva... was this much of her ego tied up with me that she needed to keep bringing me up during sex? Or was this her fantasizing? I knew she must harbor at least a little crush on me, but maybe I was the main fuel that stoked her clitoral fires. My thoughts were interrupted as Hemry's hands hit the back of my head, holding me steady, I swallowed experimentally a few times, loving the snug feel of my throat around his cock, the wetness of his drool-covered balls dragging against my chin as he wiggled his hips a little. I pointed at Arinth's cock, then at my cleavage, serving my tits up for him, gurgling on the thick hunk of meat as Hemry leaned me back, fucking my face from a new more awkward angle as the thicker dick slapped down heavily between my globes and began humping away.

"OH FUCK! OH FUCK! OH FUCK! GIMMIE A SEC, I HAVE TO GET USED TO THIS...OoooOOOooooooooo..."

It sounded like Torrin had broken ground inside Minerva, and from the sounds of her howling and thrashing she badly needed it. My own cunt felt jealous so I finally pulled off of Hemry and breathed in sweet oxygen before turning over, presenting my rear to him as I let Arinth's cock slap along my tits and jaw before sucking it as well, my mouth a perfect donut around the perfect circle of his cock.
