 So, so far so good, right? Well I like it. I am open to some suggestions on the rather "uncomfortable" predicaments our heroine will fall into. I hope you enjoy.

` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` `

Oran sat on the roof of the bookstore and watched the people walk by. Without the book, he remained invisible...more like a ghost really. Unable to touch anything. How bloody boring. He however could in fact mess with the herding humans.

He found his target. An obnoxious business man was walking down the street, paying no attention to his surroundings as he spoke loudly on the phone. Oran waited for the right moment before grinning. His eyes glowed that same warm ember and the man tripped over nothing, landing face first into the large breasts of a store clerk. She screamed and started whacking him with the broom she had been using. Oran laughed hysterically, falling over on his side.

"It is not funny you evil thing." Came an annoyingly righteous voice from behind him. Oran didn't bother to turn. Behind him, standing at 6feet, with pale ivory skin, glittery blonde locks and ice blue eyes stood the most annoying bastard Oran had ever known.

"So nice of you to join me Angel. I was beginning to wonder about you." Oran muttered through his cigarette.

"You are corrupting their souls!"

"Says the man who rapes women."

"I do no such thing. I grant them their greatest desires. All night, the boy had been fantasizing about that whore's ass. Who am I to stop him." He shrugged.

"She ain't no whore you bastard. She's a woman. Treat her with respect." Oran cursed inwardly. He wished his master would just take him back already.

"She's a demon in a pretty shell. Nothing more."

"She's a Fay, not a demon. You angels think anything not human is a demon. What would make that of you?"

"I am a being of God's will. I need not answer to filth such as you."

"Yeah, yeah. I hope you enjoy the view. I'll make sure you never get out." With that, he flicked his cigarette butt at him and vanished.

The angel grinned cruelly. We shall see about that. He thought. After all, He just needed a few more visits to the whore before he was free.

` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` `

Several days had passed since she made a blood oath to Oran. She learned that Billie had no recollection of what he had done that night. She didn't want to tell him. She worked all through the day and into the night, briefly wondering what Oran was up too. On more then one occasion she found herself daydreaming about how his tongue licked her dry. No one had ever made her that horny before in her life. She shook away the thoughts and began to close up. She needed a drink.

As she walked home, she decided to stop at Ray's bar. This time of night, it was just Ray working. She opened the door and was greeted by the man's warm smile.

"Hey there beautiful. The usual?" He asked her. Ray was well into his mid 40's but he wasn't to out of shape. Sure he had a slight bulge of a belly but that was nothing compared to some of the younger patrons of his place. He wasn't tall, but he was a man with large muscles, suggesting that he was one hell of a fighter in his youth.

"Absolutely." She took her usual spot at the bar and sighed. "How's business Ray?" she watched him make her favorite drink with mild interest.

"About the same as always this time of night." Ray handed her the drink and watched longingly as those mouthwatering lips took a swing of alcohol. God how he wanted that mouth.

"Isn't that the truth. Damn it Ray, if business doesn't pick up I might be in trouble." she muttered. The alcohol slid down her throat like heaven's ambrosia. She did not notice Ray's eyes glow.

"That's a shame to hear Keelie...real shame." He poured her another drink and watched her down it. He continued with their talk, pouring stronger alcohol into her drink each time, until her speech began to slur.

"Hey....Ray hic what are you doing? Hic. She barely managed to say a sentence. Her speech was so slurred even she couldn't tell what she was saying. Ray took her to a pool table and lay her on top of the green felt. Making it so her head hung over the side and her arms and legs were bound to the posts.

"I've wanted to do this since you first came in here 3 years ago." He pushed her skirt high up to her waist and tore her panties free. Even drunk she let out a scream of protest. He ignored her, taking two cue balls from the pockets, he pushed them up her ass. She screamed.

"I know how wet your ass makes you, slut." He took an empty bear bottle and shoved it up her pussy. Taking his time, he fucked her with it. She screamed out, begging for him to stop. He forced her to orgasm twice before leaving it deep inside of her. The bottle, already jiggling with her juices.

He walked over to her face and freed his aching member. She moaned and begged him to let her go. He grinned and rammed his cock into that sexy mouth of hers. She gagged every time he hit the back of her throat.

"Oh yes! Take it all down. That's it." Ray muttered as he rammed her mouth. His balls slapped her face each time, making him grow harder and larger in her throat. "You like cock don't you bitch? Your getting wet aren't you? I bet you've been wanting cock all day long." He picked up his pace. Her lips grew larger as he bruised them but he didn't stop. Just like when Billie had fucked her, Ray didn't slow down for hours. "Oh god, yes. That's it bitch. I bet your soaking now ain't you?" Ray cursed as his own orgasm finally began to take him. He pounded into her like a mad man until at last he came. With each wild thrust, he forced her to swallow his cum. He made sure she drank every last drop before the blood drained from his head and he passed out. Unlike the much younger Billie, Ray did not have the stamina to maintain that fuck fest.

Keelie moaned through her swollen mouth. She tried to free herself but could not. On the table, in her purse, the book began to glow. Oran manifested just a few inches away from her.

"Well the idiot didn't think this time did he?"

"Oran...please..." She begged him to free her. Her demon prince smiled and untied one of her bindings.

"I'm afraid I can't get to the other ones Princess. Outside of my zone." He watched as she forced herself up and untied herself. She pushed the cue balls out of her with a gasping moan. She didn't want to admit it, but her ass was making it easy for that bastard. She had gone to pull out the bottle but it was already gone. She moaned and crawled over to her prince in shinning armor.

Without hesitating, Oran picked her up gently. "Grab your bag Mistress, I'm taking you home." His voice was like liquid silk to her ears. She nodded and grabbed it on their way out.

"Why didn't you come sooner?" She whimpered against his warm chest.

"If I could have, I would have burned him alive for touching you. But I can't. The book has rules...and we can't be out at the same time. Not physically anyways." He brought her back to her small brownstone apartment and carried her inside. She moaned when he placed her down on her bed.

She took his hand and pulled him forward. "Part of the agreement was that I had to give myself to you every time you come out. I want that man's taste out of my mouth." He moaned when she laid him down on her bed and began to undress him.

"As you wish mistress." He said through half opened eye-lids. He watched how she removed his shirt and took in a deep breath of appreciation.

She wanted to lick every inch of him. He looked like a god from centuries ago. Well toned broad muscles covered his chest and abs. What caught her eyes was, however, the rune tattoos that went from his left shoulder-blade and traveled down to disappear within his trousers. Eager to see more, she pulled off his boots and slid her hands in between his pants and skin. He hissed as he felt her hands on his cock. Intrigued, she slowly pulled his pants down only to look up in stunned surprise. The runes had continued down to disappear at his cock, which stood to attention at 9" long and nearly 5" thick. She had never seen anything so big.

"You like what you see Keelie?" He whispered huskily.

She gulped. He was definitely not human. Lucky for her, her Fay blood can adjust better then a normal human's. Finding her courage, she crawled up on top of him and kissed him for the first time. He tasted like hot spiced apple cider. No man should taste this good. Like sin itself. She felt her fingers slide into his thick hair as she deepened the kiss, drinking him in. Gone where her thoughts from earlier that night, gone was the bad taste of Ray in her mouth. All she could taste was him. And she hasn't even gotten to the good part yet! Her tongue began a hot battle with his own as her teeth nipped at his lips.

Oran drank her in. She tasted so sweet, all he could do was lean back and enjoy. He had many women in his lifetime, hell he was probably older then her father, but damn she tasted like nothing he ever encountered. He had many different types of lovers over the years. Many were other demons such as succubus' and she-devils. Others where normal human, and even a few full blooded Fay's. At this moment in time, he couldn't remember a single one of them. He leaned back and let her take control.

Keelie's tongue had slid from his lips and was now on his earlobe. She nipped and sucked at his skin, savoring the taste. Each part of him tasted different. She heard him growl deep in his throat when she spent to long there. She nipped it one last time before licking her way down his neck, paying extra attention to his Adam's Apple. This was quickly becoming a favorite past-time. Her pussy was so wet she could hear her juices squish together. Moaning, she went over to her nightstand and pulled out a small, wide candle. He raised an eyebrow.

"I need something to hold my cum" She said in heavy breaths. "You need to drink it right?" He watched as she slowly pushed the candle deep inside of herself, blocking her cum deep inside her body. He groaned.

Keelie gasped with excitement, not at the candle that was now deep inside of her, but at the starved look he was giving her. He wanted her, and she couldn't think of anything better in the entire world. Letting out a moan of her own, she returned to her last position over his skin,taking special care in tracing his rune tattoos with her tongue. He hissed as she went lower and lower. Her body was aching for him but her mouth was starved for his taste.

Her tongue dipped into the crevasses of his abs, taking special attention to his belly-button. She licked and nipped at his skin till he was cursing from the pressure. Her eyes went down to his cock and they grew wide. He had actually grown two more sizes! A normal human woman would die on that thing. Mind you, she would die very happily, but she would die; guaranteed. Licking her now mouthwatering lips, she lowered her head to his cock and began to lick it like her favorite piece of candy.

Oran cursed in his own language. Normally he could control the size his cock would grow, only growing as large as the woman could take him comfortably, which varied depending on the species. Now he stared down at her, completely and utterly shocked. Standing at attention was his cock at full size, which he himself only experienced when he pleasured himself. He watched as Keelie took his giant head in her mouth, scrapping his skin slightly. He screamed out with need, forcing himself back. He held onto the bed's posts for dear life, regretting terrible, his earlier decision of giving her control.

Keelie nibbled and sucked on his monstrous cock. Her pussy was begging to slid it deep inside of her. She didn't care that it would penetrate to her womb. He couldn't get over how good he tasted. While his mouth tasted like hot apple-cider, his dick tasted like warm whiskey, sliding down the back of ones throat. She wished she could take him all in just from his taste. Taking one last hungry lick, she moved down to his ball sack. Licking her lips again, she took one into her mouth. He shouted out a spew of curses as her tongue swirled around him. She wanted him inside of her. She wanted his balls slapping against her skin as he skewered her. She couldn't understand why she wanted this man so much. How her very being demanded he claim her. She sucked on his ball until it began to pulse against her tongue. Grinning, she then moved to the other one and did the same thing.

Oran's body arched up towards her. God it looked like his cock was turning blue! He needed to be inside of her. He needed to spill his seed into her womb. No...that he could only do if she granted it. God he hated the blood oath. He couldn't even cum without her say. OK so that idea was a little hot; on a normal day. Right now his inner demon's were demanding to claim her as his mate. Demanding to make her his only. If the thought had gone through his mind just hours before, he would have laughed thinking himself crazy.

"Oh god Oran." She moaned. "Suck me, drink every drop." she moaned. Her pussy was so full of cum she knew she would explode. She knew if his cock filled her now she would reach an orgasm so great the candle would shoot out. He needed her cum before he took her.

He hissed and pulled her over him. Slowly his fingers slid inside of her an she screamed out in ecstasy. Her body thrashed against him as he pulled the candle out of her. Her juices slid from her pussy like a fountain. He brought her down to hi face and drank. She rode his mouth as wave after wave of pleasure filled her. Orgasms hit her hard, but Oran didn't stop. He sucked her till her body shock from sheer force. His own cock was screaming to be inside of her.

"Oh god Oran! Yes, YES! GOD!!" Her body was demanding him inside her. Almost in a daze, she pulled away fro his mouth. He hissed in protest. She got on all fours and held her ass up to him. In her blank need, she no longer cared that her ass burned every time something was up there. "Oran I want your giant cock in my ass. I want you to tare me apart." She hissed through her hot breath. He growled and didn't hesitate. Placing his throbbing head at her hole, he slowly pushed his way in.

Keelie screamed out in a mix of pain and pleasure. He steadily pushed his cock in till her buttocks pressed against his balls. He hissed in pure delight. He had taken his entire dick up her ass. She moaned from the pain/pleasure of it. He waited a moment and then he suddenly began to move. Slowly at first, but soon his pace increased as his thrust his aching member deep inside his woman.

"Ah, ah ah" she couldn't speak. Despite his size, she found herself pressing into each thrust. He cursed and moaned and whimpered with delight. His cock was burning to spill his seed.

"Oran, oh god! Ah....ah...ah" she couldn't even complete her sentences.

"Oh Hell! Keelie I need to cum! Let me fill you with my seed!" he hissed with need. The desire was so great, he was beginning to see red.

"Yes...oh YES! I...want...you...in..mouth!" she moaned when he pulled out of her. He turned her around and with one great thrust, he pushed his head into her mouth. Her hands began to squeeze his balls and he exploded. His hands rubbed his own cock as he pushed stream after stream of his seed down her throat.

Keelie just kept drinking him. Her hands didn't stop milking him till her belly was full of him. He pulled away and gasped as more cum covered her face and clothing. It was the first time she had realized she was still wearing clothes. When he finished, he collapsed onto her bed and moaned. Beside him, she removed her cum soaked clothing and slid beside him, curling up into his arms.

"I doubt the angel will have half the amount of cum you drank. I can't believe how horny you make me." Her face was a permanent shade of red.

Oran grinned. "What can I say? I bring out the evil in people." She nudged him playfully. "You just wait until I fill that womb of yours. You think your horny for me now, you have no idea."

She laughed and snuggled closer. She wondered vaguely what her father would say about her demon lover and sighed. That would be one hell of a conversation.