 I would like to say first off, I am really enjoying this story. I hope you enjoy reading it. I can not get over how many typo's I had in the last chapter, I knew my keyboard had issues but damn! I'm going to have to fix that when I finish the story. I am running out of ideas, so any suggestions would be appreciated. Well on that note...Have fun reading!

'''''''''''''

Keelie woke up alone. She had reached for Oran when the morning light had hit her face, all she found was an empty bed. She looked at the spot with disappointment. Was it so much to ask to wake up with the man? She sighed and slipped from her bed sheets, her naked body shivered in the cool morning air. She barely had enough time to put on an oversized t-shirt when her bedroom door slammed open.

"What's this I hear about you being hunted by a demon!" Her father roared. He was a tall, burly man, with large muscles, flaming red hair, bushy beard, and yellow-green eyes that fumed from anger.

"...Once again papa, you have your information wrong. To be specific, I am being hounded by an angel, and the man I took as a lover is the demon." She slipped on a pair of panties. Modesty was long lost on her father, she didn't see why she should care now. So many years of him barging in; just like this, while she was bathing; or, on more hilarious times, having sex. At least this time she wasn't entirely naked.

"...Please tell me I did not hear you right girl. Tell me you did not just say you took a demon as a lover." He was not pleased with the thought, and it was quite obvious on his face.

"You heard me right. You have been bothering me over my love life. A side from the rather annoying encounters of late, it's been very active lately." She was more exhausted over the angel's actions then traumatized. She didn't like being forced, but her mind was far stronger then a normal human's.

"I meant a HUMAN lover, or even, heaven forbid, a Fay! Not a creature of evil!" He took a seat at the edge of her bed and rubbed his temple, his large hands hiding most of his face. 

"Sorry to disappoint you but I am very fond of this one. Besides he's more a troublemaker then evil. The evil one is that perverted Angel. Who would have thought, right?" She said that last part out loud more for herself then her father.

"Keelie listen. It is very, VERY dangerous for you to take a demon to bed. Since you both have immortal blood, if you bare his child you will be bound to him for eternity. You will never be free of him. Not even through death."

"I am aware of the dangers, thank you very much. Maybe I wouldn't mind being bound to him. He already took a blood oath to me." It had been the first time she had honestly thought about what could come to pass with Oran. She vaguely remembered him mentioning filling her womb...did that mean he wanted to claim her? Since when did the man jump ahead to these things? Wasn't it her job to get all sappy and starry eyed? She even misses her timing on this? Of course she wasn't stupid enough to say any of this to her old man.

"He did WHAT?!" He shot up off the bed and looked at her in complete disbelief.

"It started out as a precaution with a deal I made with him. I wasn't stupid enough to except a demon's word alone. Although he probably would have kept it..." 

"Keelie, I forbid you to see this creature. I forbid it!"

"Oh? Wasn't that what grandpa had said about you and my mother? Or how about that harpy you slept with, maybe the mermaid or the succubus? Didn't think I knew about that last one did you? You listen carefully old man, I may have half your blood, but I have mother's temperament, so don't you dare mess with me! I plan on sleeping with Oran for a VERY long time and if you say anymore about "Forbidding" it, I'll kick you out on your ass and make sure mother knows exactly how many affairs you had in the past year!" She stormed out of the room and into her kitchen. She needed coffee.

For a moment, her father just stood their with his mouth gaping open. She was definitely her mother's daughter...and that was terrifying. Then the name of the man they had been arguing over hit him and he ran after her.

" Keelie, did you just say Oran...as in prince Oran? The most powerful demon of the underworld?" He watched her down a large cup of coffee...why the hell did human's need such crap every morning he didn't know. Just give him a morning rump and he was wide awake. 

"His name is Oran...I can't remember if he said he was a prince or not. Why? What does it matter? He's still a demon."

"It's a hell of a lot worse Keelie. He is not just dangerous, he is deadly. He had been missing for nearly four centuries and he is still being talked about with fear. For the love of God, He's older then me!" He hoped maybe the age in itself would discourage her. Truthfully he had no idea how his daughter came in contact with the missing prince, but the situation was grave.

"...he barely looks 26. OK the age thing isn't exactly a turn on but I refuse to stop seeing him! I think I might be in..." Her face turned crimson as she tried to say the words.

"Don't! Don't even say it! ...If this is truly what you want...and you are prepared for the repercussions, I won't say anymore. I suppose having a demonic grandchild is better then no grandchild." 

"Dad...let me ask you something. Why, for the love of all that is holy, do you want a grandchild? You are immortal, you can have thousands of kids."

"Simple. I don't care for parenting."

The look she gave her father was nothing short of hilarious. Her face sagged and her eyes seemed a little dead inside. "Thank you papa for that lovely statement."

"When you've been a father for a dozen or so children for generations it becomes exhausting. Let someone else handle all the crying and the whining."

"Oh joy, something to look forward too. Look dad, I have to get ready for work so I'll talk to you later, OK? " with that she closed the bathroom door on his face and went about her morning.

"...My son-in-law's going to be a demon...and Dad thought I had issues..." He shook his head and left his daughter to her morning. He was going to have to dig up some dirt on the demon prince.

'''''''''''''

Twenty-four hours passed and fly-boy hadn't sent out another attack yet. Keelie began to feel impatient, due to the fact that she wouldn't see Oran until after the perv attacked. Just her luck. She stared down at the book's cover at her lover's image. "Can't you come out already? We have things to talk about. Stop being a typical man, running away from issues." .....She waited for a response but nothing happened. "Look at me, I'm talking to a book."

She packed the book away in her bag and decided to close up early today. She had an errand to run before she went home anyhow. She gathered up the small box of kid books that sat at her desk and locked her store up. Knowing her neighbor was a preschool teacher helped her get rid of so many unwanted books. She hated when they just sat on shelves collecting dust. It took her sometime to carry the box down the few blocks to her neighborhood. By the time she reached her neighbor's house, she felt sweaty and a bit out of breath. She rang the doorbell and waited.

Behind the front door, Jillian's eyes glowed ice-blue. Her teenage daughter stood behind her as her own fallowed suit. Both her and her daughter were lookers. They shared sun-blonde hair and gray-blue eyes. While Jillian's figure was that of an adult woman, all curves and a busty chest; her daughter, Maggie was thin and well toned. Jillian opened the door with a smile.

Keelie greeted the two woman with a smile as well. "Hey Jill, I have another batch of books for you."

"Oh thank you Keelie, I can't tell you how much the children love these books." She helped bring the books in. "Won't you come in? Maggie and I were about to have some Tea. She was just telling me how much she dislikes senior year." She said with a chuckle. 

"Yeah it's a real drag. None of the kids are mature at all. I wish they acted more like adults." Maggie said with a smile.

"...Sure why not? I could use a brake." She entered her neighbor's home and closed the door. After a few minutes of waiting, they sat at the kitchen table with the tea.

"So tell me Maggie, isn't their someone your interested in? Surely that would make things more exciting." Keelie asked as she sipped her tea. When was the last time she had some girl time?

The teenager laughed. "Well there is someone...but he's just to immature. Nothing like you or the older guys." 

"My daughter is 18 going on 30." Jillian joked. The women spent nearly an hour chatting away. Keelie enjoyed the company immensely. It had been a very long time since she sat down to gossip with a bunch of girls.

"I'll be right back, I need to use the little girls room" Maggie said. Leaving the two older woman alone.

"She's something Jill. I'm a bit jealous."

"Yes she is. With her father and I on bad terms, she's pretty much what saved me." The two woman smiled at each other. Keelie hugged the woman gently, wishing she could help with her pain, just a little. She and her husband Greg were not having a quite divorce, and the entire town new it.

"...I miss him sometimes Keelie...but most of the time I am relieved he is gone. Is that normal?" She asked within the embrace.

"Sure it is. We all need human companionship. Sometimes we are stuck with jerks, but we get buy. If we are lucky, we find someone really great to take away the loneliness." she said with affection.

Jillian took this as her moment to move and kissed Keelie straight on the lips. Keelie was taken back and her mouth gasped in shock. Jillian pushed her tongue deep inside and deepened the kiss. Keelie tried to push away but the other woman pinned her against the kitchen counter. "I've been so lonely Keelie. I need to be touched soooo much." the older woman moaned against her skin.

"Now, wait...Jillian, this isn't..." She was muffled by Jillian's lips again. The woman pushed her shirt up and grasped both of Keelie's breasts in her hands. Despite herself, she let out a moan of pleasure. Jillian's leg rubbed erotically against her pussy, sending the little buds of friction straight to her clitoris. She moaned as Jillian pulled her shirt off and unlatched her bra. Without hesitating, Jillian took one of her pert nipples into her mouth and sucked hard. Keelie let out a loud moan, letting the woman back her up into a small coach. She fell back into the seat while Jillian sucked. She took her own shirt off and began to remove Keelie's skirt.

Keelie moaned as she felt a smaller hand slide between her legs. Maggie had come back to join them, turning Keelie's face to her and kissed her hard. Maggie had removed her own clothing aside from her bra and panties. "I don't like being left out." She muttered against Keelie's lips.

Jillian pulled Keelie's skirt and underwear free, taking the liberty of slipping her fingers inside her pussy along with her daughters. Keelie screamed out as wave after wave of pleasure filled her. She knew this was most likely Haren's doing, but she couldn't fight back at all. Unlike the last few times, the woman were gentle, overwhelming her with hot spasms of need. Before she could really think, she was completely naked. Jillian had removed her own clothing and slid something into Keelie's pussy. She let out a moan, the deeper the older woman pushed. She then moved to push Keelie fully onto the coach, crawling on top of her, pressing her larger breasts into hers as she took her lips.

Suddenly Keelie jumped up against Jillian. Maggie had taken her clitoris into her mouth and began to suck and nibble. She let out a loud moan as the first orgasm hit her. They continued this until she felt Jillian's own juices flowing against Keelie's leg. She pulled away and moved so she sat on Keelie's face. 

Keelie gasped as the other woman began grinding her pussy against her mouth. Her tongue slipped into her folds and she began to lick and nip at her insides. At Keelie's other end, Maggie moved so her legs scissored her own and began to grind her pussy against her own. Loud gasps of female enjoyment filled the room. Keelie felt whatever was in her pussy rub harder inside her and she screamed as another orgasm took her. He knew this was that damn Angel's doing, but she couldn't help it this time. She was turned on. 

In college, she had experimented with women, she found she liked the differences but she craved a man between her legs much more. So when she finished college, she didn't sleep with women again. Now, however, aside from Oran, this was the best damn sex she has had in a long time. She screamed out when Maggie bit down on her right nipple. Jillian was sucking her right. The women screamed so loud she was sure they could be heard outside. It was nearly another hour before Jillian passed out and Maggie pulled out what Keelie now saw as a glass jar from her pussy filled with come. She giggled and left Keelie panting against her mothers breasts.

'''''''''''''

It took her a little to long for her to get home then she would have liked. The moment the front door was closed, she began to undress as she walked to her bathroom. She left her purse near the sink and began to fill her oversized bathtub with hot water. Mixing her favorite bubble bath, she slipped in the seductive waters with a moan. 

"Did you enjoy yourself?" He said with a somewhat bitter tone. He was sitting at the largest edge of her tub which was directly against her glass shower. She jumped slightly.

"Geez Oran...you could go easy on me you know. I've been waiting for you to come out."

"Don't change the subject." His eyes gleamed an ugly red with anger. "Did you enjoy yourself?"

"...Look Oran...I won't lie, It was much better then the last two times. But its mostly your fault!"

He raised an eyebrow in that sexy way of his and her toes curled under the soap bubbles. "You want to explain that one to me?"

"I had spent two days without you, you leave my bed without saying a word, and now your angry because I was forced to have sex again by your perverted rival." 

"Really? That's your reasoning is it? I couldn't stay in your bed despite the fact that I would have liked to, do to the fucking book. I can't show myself until after that bastard does something, and I am angry because MY woman enjoyed having sex with her next door neighbors while they were being possessed by my rival."

She found herself speechless. His explanations were more then reasonable, but he had referred to her as His woman...what the hell did that mean? And why wasn't she pissed? She should be pissed at the way he spoke of her, but instead she wanted him to say it again.

"Well? Anything to say for yourself woman?" He growled.

She slipped from the waters, covered in nothing but dripping water and white soap. She approached him and whispered into his ear. "Then hurry up and claim me you idiot. I'm not waiting for you forever."

He growled again, this time with enjoyment, as he picked her up and tossed her back into the water. She screamed out with laughter as he joined her, claiming her mouth with his. As he kissed her, she frantically removed his clothing, tossing the wet rags over the side of the tub. He moaned when she grabbed his cock under the water, wanting nothing more then to shove it home between her legs. He practically whimpered as he freed his cock form her. 

"As much as I would love to do what you want, it would be to dangerous for me to fill you now Love. Not until after I finish things with Haren." He moaned against her lips.

Keelie however, wouldn't have any of it. Using her own arms to pin his against the tubs walls, she thrust her tongue deep into his mouth. While she devoured his mouth, she moved closer to him. When she was close enough, and without hesitation, she thrust his throbbing cock into her aching core. They both screamed out in ecstasy. He growled at her to stop, trying to still her, but she didn't hesitate. 

"Take me Oran, take me now. I want you ridding me so hard I'm pressed against the tiles." She whispered against his ear, her tongue licking it's edges. "Hurry! I want you so much it hurts Oran."

Something snapped. He knew it would be her end if he failed with Haren now. The thought of him loosing her forever was terrifying, but he could no longer turn back. He pressed her into the tub, her head resting against the side. He lifted her legs up, hooking them to his elbows as he pushed his cock, inch by painful inch, deeper into her tight pussy. She screamed out.

"Oh god Yes!! That's it, fill me! Don't stop!" She came just from him beginning to penetrate her. It had been a very long time since she lost her virginity, but his sheer size made her feel untouched all over again. He was reaching places no man ever came close too. She screamed out even louder when his head pressed against her womb.

Upon reaching it, he began to slowly move in and out of her, sending tremor of pleasure through her entire body. She moaned and lifter her hips up to receive him, begging him to go faster. As he picked up speed, the water sloshed over the sides of the tub. 

"YES, YES YESSSSS!" Her screams grew louder, sending him over the edge in a hot frenzy. Without pulling out of her, he lifted her out of the tubs waters and slammed her against the tiles. He held her tightly as he pounded into her. She could barely let out a gasp as her body hit yet another orgasm. He felt his cock swell and she moaned.

"You wanted this so much, well then take it! You are mine and only mine. No one else will give you such pleasure." He growled against her skin, not once slowing down. "Say it! Say you belong to me!"

"Ah...ah...ah...I...ah...be...belong...to...youuu!" She screamed the last part as yet another orgasm took her. Her body shook from the constant pleasure. She moaned when his pace picked up yet again as his own climax began to hit him. He groaned as blood pulsed through his cock. In a frenzy, he pounded so hard into her she screamed, her body, lowly milking him until his cum burst from him, filling her womb and pussy. He continued to push his cum into her, making her body take all of him. She moaned when the last of it pulsed through him. He pressed her against the tiles, this time to regain his breath.

"Oh baby....when can we do that again?" She giggled against his skin. He nipped at her neck making her giggle. He picked her up again and slid her back into the water, slowly cleaning her. His touch once again made her body hot and her legs weak. He took his time cleaning her, and then without hesitating, he bent down and began to lick her legs. She gasped as he moved slowly up her legs and in between her thighs. Grinning, she took her sensitive bud between his teeth and nipped gently. She screamed out louder then ever before as her body shook.

He licked and nipped until she thrashed under him. The tubs water now barely at her waist. Taking one last nip, he lifted her legs higher and dove his tongue seep inside. She cursed out a moan as he drank her. His thumb rubbed roughly against her clitoris. She moaned and whimpered, her body erupting into climax after climax. Oran drank his fill, not stopping until she lay panting and completely exhausted in the now cool water. Smiling, he pulled the tubs plug out and picked her up out of the tub. He grabbed a towel an carried her to bed. Upon laying her down, he leisurely dried her skin. He bent down and licked the few droplets of water of her breasts. She let out yet another moan.

"My time is almost up Keelie." He said against her skin. She moaned and pulled him into her arms, pressing his weight down onto her. 

"Stay. Fill me again Oran...I want you again" she said against his chest. Her body was so very tired, but all she wanted was for him to stay.
