 Oran took his time bathing and cleaning her. Making sure to remove all traces of Haren's misdeeds. Ever since he made that blood oath with her, he had been trapped. This half mortal woman had him wrapped around those pretty little fingers of hers and he wasn't sure if it was the oath or him but he actually liked it. Damn it, something was wrong with him. He wasn't sure how, or why, but during that last attack, he had been so angry, he actually forced himself free from the book's seal without needing to take her a final time. He had used every ounce of his freed power to break free and now every movement he made felt heavy and slow. At this rate it would take all day and night to recover his strength.

He groaned as he stood up and cracked his back. "Shit, if this is what it's like to be human, I REALLY don't like it." He muttered as he bent down and picked her up out of the tube. Damn, he was so tapped out he didn't even have the energy to admire her very lovely assets. He didn't bother with the book any longer, it was a useless prop now. He carried her to her bedroom and placed her safely in her bed and crawled in beside her. Right now he needed to sleep. 

-----------

Several hours later she woke up snuggled safe in warm arms. At first Keelie thought she was dreaming, then she thought she was still trapped at the twins manor, it took her a moment but she finally realized she was home. She was home and Oran was still there. She shifted and slid from his arms to sit up in her bed. This was the first time she ever saw him sleeping and she found herself starring. He was still fully dressed in his military black clothing. Curiously she lifted the bed sheets, looked down at his feet an giggled silently. His bare feet hung over the end of the bed. She wondered how long she had been sleeping or why he hadn't disappeared like he always had, but at the moment neither question really mattered. She gently rolled him onto his back and began to undress him slowly.

She began to nibble at his collarbone, licking his skin as if he were her favorite dessert. Hell... he WAS her favorite dessert. She freed him from his shirt and lowered her mouth down his chest. She looked up at his face as she kissed him. Even in sleep, his face would contort with emotions and sensations. She grinned, thinking of the dreams she was giving him at this moment. Her hands moved down lower; unfastening his belt and zipper, she slid his pants off of him. He was just so delicious when he was naked. Letting out a moan of pleasure, she lowered her face down to his cock and began to nibble. Her body grew hot as she imagined him sliding it in and out of her pussy.

She licked and nipped his cock thoroughly, taking immense pleasure in licking up the pearls of precum whenever the formed. She was very careful not to wake him, after all, what was hotter then taking your man while he slept? Her own body felt as if it were pulsing. Her blood pounded inside her head as she gently lowered herself onto his cock, whimpering with pleasure as she pushed him all the way in. 

She didn't begin to move right away, despite the building need. She wanted to make sure he would not wake. Slowly, she began to rock against his cock, biting her lower lip each time he hit a sensitive spot. She lay down onto his chest and carefully began to pump him in and out of her. She timed her movements carefully with his own breathing. Oh he felt sooo good. Her own breathing began to quicken as she felt her orgasm grow closer. She began to suck on one of his nipples as she moved, licking and nipping it's peak.

She moaned with pleasure as her body finally quivered with an orgasm. She squirmed and groaned as she felt him swell inside of her. Even in sleep he was ready to fill her. Giggling, she wiggled her way up to his face and began nipping and sucking on his lower lip. Her pussy squeezed his cock, slowly bringing him closer to release. Her tongue slipped into his mouth brining a moan to his lips. 

Oran slowly regained consciousness as his body began to quiver. He let out a gasp of air deep inside her mouth as his cum exploded inside of her. She arched back and let out a loud moan as she came again. 

"Well that's a nice way to wake up...can we make a habit of it?" He asked. His voice was husky and deep from sleep. Keelie bent back down and kissed him again.

"Hmmm that sounds pretty good." she said against his lips, wrapping herself in his arms. "But that would imply you sticking around."

"If I remember correctly, I am your's until you release me." He reminded her.

Yes...but I promised I would release you...She thought to herself. She snuggled closer.

"....you know you have a lot of nerve...The demon prince does NOT cuddle." He said,

"Well to bad. I like to snuggle so you're just going to have to suffer." She said as she got even closer 

He let out a grumble but didn't move away. He nipped at her ear playfully. "Now that I am awake, lets get back to what we were doing before." She let out a squeal of giggles as he rolled her under him.

-----------

Outside; watching them from her bedroom window, Haren sat on the rooftop of a townhouse across the street. It was the first time he held his own face and actually felt dumfounded. There in front of him was the enemy he had wanted to kill for eons and the man was actually laying with a woman. As if he actually cherished her. He was confused and unsure of his next move. Haren was a tall man with pale skin and long blonde hair braided at his back. His eyes were the color of clear sky, and he focused them on Keelie and Oran. A woman giggled and a ghost of a very beautiful woman appeared beside him, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Look at them, brother. How they laugh at you!" Hermena leered. "After all this time, he had the chance to strike first and instead he dares to lay with the Fay woman. They are mocking you!" The ghost declared. She watched with wicked glee as her brother's face contorted with anger. Even long after death, Hermena had a full hold on her handsome brother.

"He will pay sister. I swear he will pay." he said to her. Hermena smiled cruelly and rubbed her check against his.

"I know you won't fail me brother. Soon we will be together again." With that she slipped back into the air. Haren continued to watch the couple with confusion. Why was he so sure of everything only when Hermena was with him. He groaned as his head began to pound as it always did without her. Yes...soon he would be free of everything.