 Keelie didn't understand anything. Just hours before, she and Oran were making love in her bed, now she was running with all her might in the middle to get to them. Haren had finally appeared before her as himself and threatened her in front of Oran. That of course was the purpose. Haren wanted Oran angry and he wanted him dead.

Far ahead of her, in a clearing outside of town Oran and Haren were fighting. Haren stood before the demon with large graying wings at his back. Both men let loose a string of blasts like the mortal realm has never seen. Oran was going to kill the bastard if it was the lat thing he did, unfortunately, that was exactly what Haren wanted. Keelie ran out into the clearing, her chest pounding and her breathe short. She had to stop them. They were both playing into that bitches hands. "Oran don't!" she yelled out to him. He turned in her direction just for a moment and was blasted clean across the clearing. She screamed and ran towards him only to be stopped by a wave of power from Haren. She clutched at her thought as she fought for breathe.

Haren stood before the Fay woman for the second time this day. In his mind his sister whispered to kill her. "Don't!" Keelie pleaded as she gasped for breathe. 

"Pleading for you're life woman? You should no by now that doesn't work." he said with cruel eyes. It was in his eyes she finally knew the truth, Haren was as much a victim as she was.

"If you kill me...you'll never be free of her." She gasped.

"Free of who?"

"Hermena. She's keeping you trapped and you now it." As she spoke the woman's ghost burst from Haren in anger.

"What are you waiting for! Kill the bitch!" She screamed.

Haren pulled out a long dagger and held it up to her neck. He pressed it against her skin and drew blood. Hermena watched gleefully as crimson blood dripped down the blade into the dirt.

It seemed as if out of nowhere when Oran tackled Haren to the ground. With the sudden impact, whatever was holding Keelie finally let go and she crumpled to her knees gasping for air. 

"Wait! Please!" She managed to stop Oran from sending a blast of energy right into the angel's face. In her hand she had grabbed the blood stained dagger.

"You won't stop me Keelie, I swore I would end this!" Oran yelled. 

"You said you'd seal him away, not kill him!" She shouted.

"You're defending him! After what he did to you!"

"It's not his fault Oran! He's as trapped now as he was in the book!"

"I know!" he yelled.

Her eyes grew wide from shock. She was about to ask him more but Haren began to fight back. Before she lost her nerve she walked over to the struggling men and in one swift motion, she dug the dagger into the dirt beside Haren's face. Oran looked up at her in shock only to clutch his ears in pain as a blood curdling scream as Hermena's ghost burst into view. Keelie had seen the ghost only briefly before she struck but it was enough. She screamed and squirmed in the dirt in pain. On the ground beside her, Haren yelled out in pain, clutching his head.

"YOU THINK YOU'VE WON WOMAN! EVEN IN DEATH I WILL NEVER LET HIM GO!" Hermena screamed. Before the ghost could say more she shattered like fallen glass.

"Keelie..." Oran spoke, but he wasn't looking at her. Haren had finally stopped screaming.

"Did it work?" She asked.

"Noooot exactly..." he said as he pointed down at the angel. Haren lay out on the ground as if he were going to sleep, his wings stretched out wide behind him. His feet were slowly turning to stone.

"Oh god! We have to stop it! Oran can you stop it?" she fell to the ground and tried to slow it down with her hands.

"Don't bother little Fay... you wouldn't be able to stop it even with your enchanted blood." it wasn't Oran who spoke. She looked up at Haren's face and for the first time that day his face was relaxed. His sky blue eyes focused on her.

"You found your self a very strange woman Oran...trying to save the enemy..." He said softly.

"Tell me about it...it's exhausting just trying to figure out what's running in that head of hers. It's nice to see you back to you're old self." Oran said.

"What do you mean we can't help? There has to be something..."she asked sadly.

"This is my fate little one. I had made a very large mistake with my sister all those years ago. I thought if I gave her what she wanted I could save her. Instead I just sealed the fate of both of us..." He said.

"Why...why did she do this to you?" She asked. The stone had now reached his chest and wings, sealing him to the earth beneath him.

"Do not blame Hermena girl...she was as trapped as I." He said. The stone was growing quicker. She had to do something...anything.

"You really wish to save him? Even after all he has done to you?" Oran asked, looking directly at her.

"Yes! He was as much a puppet as any of the others." tears were filling her eyes. "Please Oran help him."

"...you're one seriously strange woman." he bent down and kissed her gently, rubbing a bit of her blood from her neck onto his finger as he held her. He then bent down to the angel and made the mark of a cross on his forehead with her blood. "I can not tell you how wrong this feels for a demon to do this." Haren managed a snort of a laugh. Oran's eyes began to glow and he whispered a spell for Haren's ears alone. His blue eyes widened briefly before closing, he lay his head back down onto the ground and the stone took him completely. 

"What did you do? He's still stone." She asked.

"I put him to sleep. He won't be free of that spell for a very long time, that's for someone else to worry about." He said, pulling her into his arms.

"...What did he mean...when he said not to blame Hermena..." She asked as she looked down at the angel's statue.

Oran sighed briefly before speaking. "Angels were all once mortals the gods either pitied of deemed worth to be reborn as immortals. In another life, Haren and Hermena were lovers who died together." He spoke softly to her, making sure not to let her go. "The god that found them, decided their sacrifice was worth bringing them to heaven to be reborn and so he did. A god however has a rather unusual fault. They do not understand the emotion known as love, ANY form of it. They think one type of love is the same as another's, so when the two were reborn, they were born as brother and sister. Normally this isn't to much of a concern because when they are reborn, angels do not remember their past lives. Unfortunately Hermena remembered and it slowly drove her mad."

"...so a god did this to them, by being careless?"

"No...it was just really bad luck. If they didn't remember, like Haren didn't, everything would have been fine. It's sad to say, but they were destined to end badly."

"...it's done then?" she asked.

"It's done...I told you I would end this." he said with a wink.

It was because of his words, she finally remembered. The blood oath..."Oran...I'm releasing you from your oath now." The moment she said this, the scar's on both their palms vanished. She didn't dare look up at him. In truth, she didn't want to let him go. 

"What the hell did you just do?!" He yelled, forcing her to look up at him. "Who the hell gave you permission to say those words damn it!" He glared down at her.

"I made a promise when we made the pact!" she yelled back.

"I don't care damn it! I never agreed to it!"

"Look, I can't keep you here...if you're so angry, why don't you just stay on your own!" She blushed heavily and diverted her eyes. 

Oran raised his eyebrows and then burst out laughing. "Oh I see, so that's how it is, is it?" With that he threw her over his shoulder and carried her out of the clearing.

"Wait, what! What are you doing? Put me down!" She yelled as she struggled to be released. He ignored her as he carried her back to her home, enjoying the feel of her struggling body against him. He carried her into her house and tossed her onto the bed.

"What are you doing Oran?"

"What do you think I am doing?" He pulled off his torn shirt and straddled her on the bed. "You said it you're self you wish me to stay, didn't you?" he said as he pulled her own shirt off. 

"Yes, but why are you..."She let out a gasp as he ripped off her bra and lowered his head to take a breast into his mouth. She began to moan, sliding her fingers into his hair.

"I am not from this world Keelie...neither are you, entirely. For us to stay, we need something to bind us here. For you it's your ties to the earth as a Fay, for me...well we'll fix that right now." He said against her skin.

"Oh...OH!" she gasped as his hands slid under her jeans, slowly pulling them off. When he was rid of them, he slid a hand under her panties, pushing his fingers inside of her. Keelie arched her body upward as he fingered her. His tongue flicked and licked at her nipple. She moaned and stretched her legs wider. He swirled his fingers inside of her, briefly adding pressure to her g-spot. She screamed out as her pleasure began to build. He moved his mouth's attentions to her other breast. 

"Oran..." oh god he was doing it again! Her toes began to twitch as her body convulsed into an orgasm. He grinned against her skin and began to move his mouth down her chest, spending extra time on her belly button. He began to push more fingers inside of her, making her gasp and quiver. 

"Normally, by this point I wouldn't hesitate to take a woman, but for some reason, it gives me far more pleasure to make you weak first." He pulled her cum soaked panties down her legs and brought his mouth further down, taking her clit into his mouth, sucking on it.

She screamed out again, begging and pleading for him for release. He continued to finger fuck her, watching her pant for breath as her pleasure built. When she came a sound time, he removed his fingers and replaced them with his tongue, licking an sucking her clean.

"Oh, ORAN!" she yelled out again. He watched as she began to move against his mouth, pushing down on his tongue as far as she could. She was going mad, needing him to fill her.

He took extra special pleasure in bringing her to yet another orgasm, eating her out like a favorite snack. When she began to whimper again he pulled away and rolled her onto her stomach. 

"Wait, don't stop." She begged. He grinned to himself and spread her lovely ass cheeks wide. He lowered his head and slowly began to lick her anus. She let out a loud moan and began to squirm again. He watched as she tried to lift her bottom up higher, wanting more of him. He licked and nipped a few more times before sitting up and freeing his aching cock from his pants, letting out a hiss of pleasure. Slowly he pressed his aching member against her ass, taking a few moments to rub it deliciously between her cheeks.

Keelie moaned with pleasure, her thighs dripping with her own cum. She let out a gasp as she felt him press his cock into her butt hole and slowly push inside. She let out an aching whimper as he began to thrust in and out of her, gradually pushing further and further inside of her. Her ass was burning with such delicious pain.

Oran yelled out a curse as he gave a final push into her ass. Moaning, he kept her legs close together as he began to roughen his pace. She let out gasps of screams as he pounded her tight ass, taking even more pleasure in watching her try and push up against him in the restricting position. 

She felt one of his hands slid back into her pussy as he pounded her ass. She let out a loud whimper, then an even louder scream as her brought her to yet another orgasm. Her ass clamped onto his cock, sending him over the edge. He pumped her ass ruthlessly as his cock grew inside her. With one last push, his cum exploded into her, filling her completely and dripping out of her anus.

He panted and waited several moments before pulling out of her ass, moaning when it made a gentle pop. "Don't get to comfortable woman. We are no where near done." He moaned as he rolled her over again. She was covered in sweat and her chest heaved heavily for air. Without waiting for her, he lifted her head up to his cock, pressing her lips to it. "Take me in Love, we have more fun to do."

Keelie opened her mouth obediently. Licking his cum off before taking him inside. She heard him moan with pleasure and she move with more gusto. She pushed him back as far as she could, feeling him tap against her throat. She began to suck and lick him. Her tongue swirling over his skin and her teeth nipping at his veins. She heard him curse before pulling away abruptly. 

"I didn't say "make me cum" did I? I feel like my stamina's gotten weaker since I met you, shit." With that he pushed her back down and in one big thrust, he filled her pussy. 

She screamed out again. God he was going to kill her. Then again, there are worse ways to die. He moved slowly, forcing her to wiggle and try and quicken the pace but to no avail. He wasn't budging. 

"Oran if you don't hurry up I don't think I'll make it any longer." She said. He just laughed an remained at his maddeningly slow pace. Without pulling out, he lay back on the bed, pulling her into his arms. 

"I thought demons were supposed to be violent and take what they want." She stated. Despite her frustration she snuggled closer into his arms.

"I can play violent monster another time if you like. As long as you play the screaming victim." he said with a wink. She shivered with delight and then she shivered with something else entirely. Without realizing it, his slow love making had brought her to an all-time high climax.

He had been waiting for this. As soon as she began to arch her back and come, he quickened the pace, finally allowing himself the release he had been holding back. They both screamed out as they came together. She felt her eyes roll in the back of her head briefly before passing out in his arms.

"....maybe I took to much time in this last one...I wanted to go again..." He grumbled slightly but he shrugged and pulled her closer. He still had a long way to go before he could permanently stay with her. Since she so rudely relinquished the blood oath, all that was left was for her to get pregnant. Ah well, it wasn't like he didn't like the idea. If she doesn't like it, she could always renew the oath...he'll just let her come to that conclusion on her own. 

Ahhhh now he was going to have to deal with that father of hers....wait...even worse, he was going to have to introduce her to....MOTHER.