 Author's note: All sexual acts portrayed in this story are between characters aged 18 or older. Any resemblance to non-fictional people and events is neither intended by the author nor inferred by the text.

 Thank you for reading. Please enjoy.

Chapter 4

 "Try it."

 "No way."

 "Come on, it's your birthday."

 "I wouldn't know how!"

"It's easy. Just put it to your lips and breathe in." Tommy Jensen demonstrated by giving his joint a quick toke. "Just a small little puff. Ease into it."

Where am I?

He handed the joint off to Lana. She looked at it quizzically with those bright green eyes, then put the joint between her coral lips. The joint smoldered a bit, and she immediately began coughing hard. Tommy laughed a bit.

"Don't worry about it," he assured her, taking the joint back. "It's never easy at first. That's why you start out slow." She watched as he took a much deeper hit, controlling his breath with expert confidence. "Just breathe normally. That's the trick. Want to try again?"

"Maybe later," Lana replied with a cough. She took another swig of her beer and looked out into that beautiful midnight vista from their perch on Harmony Cliffs. Tommy stared at her. He could see her nipples poking through her T-shirt, teasing the shape of the breasts underneath that thin cotton sheet.

"What are you thinking?" she asked him. "I mean, when you're on that stuff."

"Right now, I can see the stars in your eyes," he told her. "Your skirt blowing in the wind, it's like waves in the ocean."

"Well, you can see the stars up there," she pointed out, with a finger towards the sky, "and the ocean is right over there."

"I prefer this view."

"That's sweet," Lana said with a smile as she kissed him on the cheek. They traded a look.

What's going on? When is this happening?

"You don't have to leave," he implored her.

"You think I want to?" Lana retorted, taking another drink. "Believe me, going to Wellesley was my dad's choice, not mine."

"So don't go." 

"And then what? Where would I go? What would I do?"

"I thought this was a town built by artists. You couldn't make a living here?"

She shrugged. "Daddy wants a politician in the family." Lana reached over to stroke his cheek. "Come on, Tommy-Tommy. You've got a life in De Lilla. You don't have to give it up just because I'm not here."

He held her hand against his cheek. "What did you ever see in me?" Tommy asked her.

In response, Lana merely took his joint and gave it a puff. Just as Tommy told her, she gave it a small and steady inhale, trying to breathe normally. She still coughed a bit, but it wasn't nearly as painful.

"Right now," said Lana, with a hand on his crotch. "I see a birthday present you promised me."

Tommy rolled up what was left of the joint and put it in his breast pocket. "You want your present?" he asked with a wide, razor-sharp grin.

Not that. Please not that.

She matched his grin as she crawled on top of him. "Oh, I want it."

He stretched himself out on the grass. "How bad you want it?"

"Mmm... so bad." She straddled Tommy and they kissed deeply. Their tongues danced around in each others' mouths as Tommy's hips grinded into hers. She rubbed his toned biceps as his hands held her waist, inching her shirt up. Then she took his hands.

"No, no," she softly admonished him. "Me first."

She pinned his hands above his head as they continued kissing, fumbling as she peeled his shirt off. Even as she kissed his neck and chest, she marveled at the firm lines of his muscles, casting moonlit shadows over his skin. His abs were like sculpted marble, but of course she didn't intend to stop there.

Tommy saw the way her pale skin seemed to glow in the moonlight. Her grin was positively radiant as she slowly undid his zipper and pulled his pants down with his boxers. Lana let out a short laugh as his massive cock sprang into view.

She rubbed her palm along the bottom of his thick shaft. "Is this all for me?"

Tommy returned her grin. "It's all for you, babe."

Please don't. Please stop.

Lana started with his scrotum, licking him all along the sack right up to the base of his shaft. She buried her face in his crotch as she sucked and licked his balls with expert finesse.

Tommy's whole body went erect at the sensation. "Oh, baby!" he moaned. "This – Ah! Ah! – this can't be your first time."

Lana only smiled in response as she slowly licked the underside of his shaft, one inch at a time. She licked and kissed the sensitive organ all up and down, going back and forth between the tip and the sack.

"Ooh, Tommy-Tommy," Lana purred, stroking his cock at the base. "You look amazing."

Lana slowly stroked his shaft, licking all around the throbbing head of his dick, getting it good and wet. Then she wrapped her mouth around the head so tightly that it made a popping noise when she pulled it back out.

"Ah!"

"Oh, you like that?" Lana asked with a smirk. She made that popping noise again and again in quick succession. Every time, her lips caught against the ridge of his glans in such a way that the pop! created friction that spread like a tremor through his whole body.

She licked all up and down his shaft again before taking his tip into her mouth again. As she sucked off his tip and cradled his balls with one hand, Lana's other hand was cranking up, down, and sideways to spread her spit all over his length.

"Ah, just like that, baby," groaned Tommy. "Just like that!"

Stop this. For the love of God, stop this!

Once or twice, Lana's mouth ventured a few inches lower, mostly when Tommy involuntarily thrusted into her face. But the whole time, Lana focused on the sensitive head of his cock, swirling her tongue all around the tip as she jerked him off with heavenly speed.

She could feel his breath quickening. She could hear his moans getting deeper and she could see his eyes rolling back. And her hand on his scrotum could feel the telltale spasms. She never took her lips away from his cock, but looked up and nodded as the signal to go ahead.

As his back arched and his legs went rigid, Tommy moaned to the heavens as he shot his seed right into Lana's mouth. And she kept on stroking his wilting erection, milking his dick for all it was worth until she had lapped up and swallowed every drop.

Tommy lay there panting and gasping for breath. "I thought you said you were a virgin!" he gasped out.

Lana licked her bright pink lips. "I am. Blowjobs don't count."

Tommy blinked in response. "What?"

"I keep everything above the waist and still tell Daddy I'm a virgin."

Tommy smiled and shook his head. "Clever girl."

Lana gave him a wicked smile as she peeled off her clothes. With nothing on underneath, her flawless naked form was exposed to the open air and starlight. She sat on the grass facing Tommy, with her legs wide open.

No. No no no.

"To hell with him," she said. "I want more."

Her red hair seemed to burn like an open flame. Her gorgeous green eyes were impossible to resist. But her breasts. Those pert, perfectly-formed breasts with bright pink nipples that stuck out into firm nubs begging to be sucked.

Tommy scrambled over and stroked those breasts as he kissed her hard. He kissed her mouth, her jawline, her neck, her shoulder, all while his thumbs rubbed furiously across those beautifully erect nipples.

"Oh, Tommy!" she moaned. "Oh, baby!" Lana was so overcome with lust for more that her pelvis started rocking against his. And every time, she could feel his manhood growing larger and thicker against her soft lower lips.

Tommy went down to her breasts, kissing and sucking on the nipples that so desperately pleaded for his attention. All the while, Lana nurtured his tender organ, reaching down and rubbing it back to erection as she begged for more, more, more.

I can't see this. I don't want to see this.

Finally, Tommy dove between her legs. He saw a thick nest of bright red hair, already stuck together with Lana's sticky satisfaction. Tommy reached through the hair to run a finger all up and down the lips of her pussy. She was already soaking wet, so slippery that Tommy could barely hold her labia open.

"Looks to me like you're ready," he observed, as he licked his fingers clean. Tommy got on his back, his dick pointing straight up in the air. Lana straddled him immediately, gently pointing his dick at her slick entrance.

"You set the pace here," he told her. "Go as fast or as slow as you like."

Lana nodded, then stuck the head of his rod inside of her. When she was done gasping for having even that much inside of her, Tommy put his hands on her hips.

"One... two..." When Lana said "three!", she deflowered herself with one strong and sudden thrust, right up to the hilt. Her whole body went rigid, and her mouth was stuck open in a noiseless scream.

Why can't I turn away? Please, please let me turn away.

Tommy willed himself not to move, though every muscle in his body was aching to squirm as his swollen member felt the tight pressure of her fresh channel. When Lana finally caught her breath, she started grinding her hips this way and that. She moved slowly at first, but Lana seemed addicted to whatever she was feeling.

"Oh, God," she cried out. "Oh, yes!" Her pert breasts jiggled as she moved up and down, slamming his dick inside of her with slow and forceful thrusts. The sight greatly aroused Tommy as he thrust upward in time with her.

Finally, Lana leaned forward, planting her hands on the ground for leverage as she moved her hips up and down faster. Tommy's whole body went rigid, his breath tightening as the pressure and friction all over his cock drove him mad with pleasure. He reached down to grab her ass, and she gave a blissful yelp every time he smacked her round backside.

Stop it stop it stop it stop it stop it stop it stop it...

And then Lana rolled over so that Tommy was on top of her. "Don't stop," Lana begged him. "Whatever this is, make me feel more. Make me feel more. Yes, yes, yes!"

Sweat rolled down Tommy's arms as he thrust his hips. Her eyes rolled backward as he plowed into her. Tommy could feel her legs wrap around his waist and her arms around his shoulders.

"Faster!" she cried out. "Faster, come on, do me faster!" And Tommy did as she said, ramming into her as hard and fast as he could.

I wasn't there. I had nothing to do with this. I didn't know, I swear!

Lana's skin flushed pink with life as waves of pleasure and pain built up to a crescendo. "Oh, God! Oh, fuck! Don't stop, don't stop!"

She kept on screaming over the sound of Tommy's furious panting and groaning. She dug her fingers into his back as she felt every muscle in her body shake at once. Tommy moaned out loud as he felt her quivering tunnel spasm around his member. Lana rode out that wave of intense carnal pleasure, only telling him to stop when it felt like her body had been so overloaded with bliss that it was too exhausted to take any more.

Why are you showing me this?!

Tommy pulled out his thick erection, coated with the blood and nectar of his lover's sex. He jerked off furiously until he reached his own satisfaction, leaving trails of semen to mix with the sweat on Lana's belly.

God, that's disgusting!

Tommy lied on the ground next to Lana. Their naked bodies, flush with passion, glistened with sweat in the moonlight. They held each other for a long moment, gazing into each other's eyes.

"Was that good?" she asked him.

"You were amazing," he assured her.

"I love you. My Tommy-Tommy."

I know. And I'm sorry. I swear to God, I'm so sorry.

He replied with a deep kiss. They cuddled together, lying nude and entwined in the starry grass, as Lana softly hummed a lullaby she had known since childhood. And then she looked up, directly at...

Don't look at me like that! You know I loved you too! Why are you making me see this?! Why are you looking at me like that?! It wasn't my fault! I didn't know, I didn't know!

***

"I DIDN'T KNOW!!!"

Olivia Prescott woke up with a start. Her screams rang out through the empty bedroom. By instinct, Olivia reached for her bottle of sleeping pills on the nightstand. It was empty. Not that they ever did much good anyway. Rubbing her eyes, Olivia checked her clock: 2:53 AM. That made fifteen minutes of sleep so far, if she was lucky. Olivia could barely get through the previous day, and the coming day probably wouldn't be any easier.

Olivia sighed and tried to go back to bed, hoping and praying that the nightmares wouldn't come again. She knew they would. It was almost like Lana and Tommy were somehow waiting for Olivia to close her eyes. They kept her awake all night. Every night. Ever since her husband died.

***

Clay had no idea when he had fallen asleep. By the time he saw daylight through his window blinds, he was hunched over in a puddle of drool on his desk. His laptop was still open, showing his millionth online search for Tommy Jensen. He had already spent the whole previous day combing the library, the local paper, and everyplace else that might have had some kind of records he could search, right up until they kicked him out. Everything came up empty.

While popping and stretching every joint in his body, Clay made a mental note to never sleep like that again. After rushing through his usual morning routine and jogging out the door, he immediately stopped at the sight of a parked police car on the other side of the street. Deputy Munoz stepped out.

"Good morning, Clay," said Munoz. "How are you feeling?"

"Hi. Fine, I guess."

Munoz held open a backseat door for him. "You should get in the car."

"Why?"

"Mostly? To keep you safe."

Clay obligingly stepped inside, and Munoz stepped into the driver's seat. When the doors and windows were closed, Clay finally asked "What's going on?"

"We took your advice yesterday. I followed Peele. Deputy Wilson took Nolan."

"Are they okay?"

"John and Travis? Yeah, they're fine. But their fathers are dead."

"What?!" Clay gasped.

"Fell over dead with no obvious cause. Just like the others. And we've got three more dead bodies, all adult males, all connected to the last round of victims."

"When did this happen?"

Munoz checked her notepad. "About two, two-thirty last afternoon."

"Before we made the deal," Clay said to himself. "Shit!"

"What deal?" Munoz asked.

"It's just like I told you," Clay explained. "We have to find Tommy Jensen. It's the only way to stop all of this."

"So who is this guy and how do we find him?"

Clay threw up his hands. "I don't know. What about you, isn't there some kind of database for this sort of thing?"

Munoz let out a hollow laugh. "We're not in San Francisco, Clay. I can't find Tommy Jensen anywhere, not that I have much to work with."

"There's no sign anywhere in this city that he ever even existed. I've checked."

"So we're stuck?"

Clay let out a heavy sigh. "Maybe not. I have a last resort, if we're really that desperate."

Munoz shrugged. "I'm all ears."

***

Munoz waited outside while Clay knocked on the front door.

"Becca?" he called out. He knocked again. "Becca, it's me!" He tried the front door – it was locked. Tried the doorbell. "Becca, are you in there? It's important!"

He could clearly hear something inside. Clay walked around to look through one of the windows. A second later, he was scrambling around the front lawn.

"Munoz!" he called out. "Get over here, she's in trouble!"

Munoz ran over, but Clay was too busy turning over rocks. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"I don't know yet. Come on, where is it?!"

Then Clay got lucky. All these years later, Becca's parents still hid a spare key in a fake rock. Clay unlocked the front door and barreled in, with Munoz right behind him. They ran over to Becca, who was lying on her side in the hallway next to her tipped-over wheelchair.

"Becca? Becca, what's wrong?"

"Go away!" she cried out.

Munoz tried to help Becca sit up, though Becca pulled back. "What happened?" asked Munoz. "Are you hurt? Should I call an ambulance?"

Becca pulled her knees up to her face, trying her best to shrink into the corner. "Don't touch me!" she wailed. "Just get out. Get out!"

Clay motioned for Munoz to step back. "Can you wait outside?"

Munoz looked from Clay to Becca and back. "You're sure?"

"We're good."

A brief moment later, Munoz turned to leave. "I'll be in the car."

When Munoz left, Clay kneeled down next to Becca. "It's okay, Becca. It's just us. Just please talk to me."

"I'm f-fine!" Becca sobbed. "Just g-go away."

"Becca, look at me." Nothing. "Look at me," Clay pleaded.

Finally, Becca wiped her eyes and looked at him over her knees. Her face was flushed and her eyes were bloodshot. Her chestnut hair was a mess and she was still in her pajamas from the night before. She only met his gaze for a moment before looking away.

"I look terrible," she whimpered.

"I don't care."

"It's all my fault."

"What?"

Becca buried her head deeper into her knees. "Trenton."

"Oh, no. No no no. There's no way he died because of you."

"We had a fight," she explained. Her voice had gone raspy. "Some silly, stupid fight that I started for n-no reason. I thought we just needed time, like we could figure it out when we were ready." She choked back more sobs. "We never did. We never did."

Clay put his hands on hers. "Becca," he told her, "you didn't know. Nobody saw any of this coming."

She gripped his hands more tightly. "I'm so sorry. I just wish I could tell him I'm so sorry. I was so wrong for laughing at him when I said I wouldn't and I loved him so much and we could've really been something!"

Tentatively, Clay reached over to stroke her hair as she wept. She looked up at the reassuring touch. "He was my friend too," he reminded her. "And I know he'd be doing the exact same thing if it was the other way around."

Clay moved to sit beside her. He put an arm around Becca and just sat there, holding her for a long moment.

"He had a tiny dick."

Slowly, Becca looked at Clay with wide eyes. "What did you say?"

"I don't know if he ever told you. He never talked about it."

"Wait, wait. How would you know?" Becca asked him.

"All the guys did. We all shared a locker room in P.E. at some point. Everyone laughed at first – we were kids – and then we didn't."

"Why did you stop?"

Clay shrugged. "I dunno. I just remember he could tell a joke right back. He was just so much fun to be around. Everyone loved him. And anyway, no one could laugh him out of the locker room. Too good at soccer."

After a long pause, Clay continued. "He was so strong and so confident, you'd never even know it mattered to him. I admired that. I'd give anything to tell him that."

Becca stayed silent.

"You're great, too," Clay added.

"Sorry, what?"

"I never got to tell Trenton, so now I'm telling you. It's great how you lost your legs and you never let it slow you down. You're strong, you're kind, you're beautiful, you're... you're just amazing."

Becca looked at him. "Why are you telling me this?"

Clay let out a short laugh. "Well, it's true!"

"No, no, I mean... why are you saying this. You know, now?"

Clay sighed. "I may not get another chance."

"Don't say that."

"Too many of us are dead already, Becca. Any one of us could be next. And even if we live through this, we'll be gone after graduation. So if I died tonight, like I was thrown off a cliff or whatever, what would you want me to know?"

Becca hated the question, but she gave it some thought anyway. Finally, she told him "That first time you asked me out... well, you were the first one to do that. And I'm sorry I wasn't ready to say yes."
