  (Ff, humil, sci-fi)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Stella turned a very tired Harriet over on her hands and knees. Harriet spread her legs wide in her eagerness to be fucked by the red-robe. She hadn't had an orgasm since Chloe used the vibrator on her, and she hoped that her phallus-shaped wand might be enough to take her over the edge.

But then Harriet felt the wand poking not at her aching hot sex, but at her tightly clenched rear.

"Ugh," Harriet grunted, moving forward and arching her back to escape the hard wand. "Wrong hole."

Stella grabbed Harriet firmly by her athletic hips. "That's the right hole . . . for boys like you," she said confidently, pushing the head of the phallus that had been previously lubricated with the secretions of her classmates, into Harriet's tight dark tunnel.

"Fuck!" Harriet groaned in pain, but the word causing her sex to clench. This was nothing like the time she lost her virginity with Chloe. That was like a sharp pain and then an amazingly pleasurable fullness. This was like losing your virginity to every half inch of unyielding wooden wand. Harriet reached back with her hands to push the wicked girl away, but Stella just grabbed her by the wrists and used them to push her upper body to the mattress.

Harriet wished Stella had paid a little more attention while gently divested the other red-robes of their virginity. It was an act that needed to be savored, not squandered or even worse - plundered.

Of course Stella didn't feel she was squandering poor Harriet's virginity. Her family had always had money and she had seen first hand the power that it bought. However, nothing prepared her for this kind of power. The wooden phallus practically thrummed with power, as she stuffed more of its length into Harriet's tiny hole. Stella always achieved her goals, and right now her goal was to bury the dildo in Harriet's ass and teach the impertinent girl a lesson in humility.

Harriet tried in vain to fight the inevitable violation, but it only seemed to cause her more pain. Finally, she tried to give in to it and relax, but thinking and doing proved to be two entirely different matters. It was only by chance that she happened on the solution. She tried to push out as if she was using the bathroom and when she did, the dildo slipped in with much greater ease.

Harriet tried again and giving a long drawn out groan until she felt the comforting feel of Stella's stomach against her ass. 

"That's good. I knew you wanted it," Stella said. "I'm going to fuck you now my little boy bitch."

"No, wait," Harriet pleaded. "Let me get used to it fi-ugh . . ."

Harriet gasped as it was withdrawn, leaving her feeling empty to the core. Then too soon, Stella pushed it home again. Nothing could have prepared Harriet for the fucking she received by her classmate. It hurt more than anything she had ever felt before, totally driving away the aching need to orgasm for the first minute or so. 

Harriet knew she needed to be turned on in order to survive her ordeal. Thankfully, Harriet knew an easy solution.

"Bitch," she grunted. "Oh, you goddamn witchy-bitch, ouch, you are fucking my ass." 

"You like it don't you boy bitch," Stella said, fucking her paid for captive even harder.

Suddenly, it didn't feel so bad. A pleasurable warmth enveloped the dark-haired sorceress. Harriet wished the girl would let go of her arms so she could push back against her. Instead, she had to settle for dipping her hips to meet every thrust.

"Mmmmm-yeah, I like it bitch," Harriet admitted. "But it goddamn hurts. You'll see one day when it's your turn."

Stella slapped Harriet's ass, leaving a red handprint. "My turn? No way bitch-boy, I'm your daddy and it is always daddy's turn." 

Stella could feel her orgasm rising and proceeded to fuck Harriet as fast as she could, punctuating every thrust with a "Who's your daddy?" and a spank on the girl's upturned ass.

It proved too much for Harriet. "You're my daddy, you goddamned bitch," Harriet admitted. She was on the edge and it felt like she only needed a bit more to cum.

But before she could, Stella cried, "Oh-shit-I'm- cumming!" and collapsed on Harriet's back, kissing her sweat covered neck. "Worth every penny," she whispered, hugging the girl tight.

When she could move again, Stella pulled herself off her the collapsed form of her classmate. She nudged the girl, but Harriet, just grunted and didn't open her eyes.

Stella performed an incantation and took off the wooden phallus, and noticed it had streaks of blood and evidence of Harriet's anal deflowering. Stella took off her locket, opened the small golden bottle and a drop of glowing liquid dropped onto Harriet's plundered opening. It instantly transformed from raw gaping hole to the smooth ivory rosebud it had been before.

Before she left, Stella cleaned, then reattached the wand to Harriet's crotch, tucked the long lean brunette into bed, and placed an extra gold coin on the pillow. She looked back one final time and closed the door behind her.

That night Harriet dreamed, not of sex, but of something quite different. There were three people standing on a hill, white robe, a red, and a black. The black was a male.

Harriet watched from the back, and they all seemed intent on the complex incantation they were performing. The wind began to gust, blowing leaves around in circles, and pulling at the long robes. Harriet watched in rapt silence as the land on the other side of the valley seemed to fold in on itself and disappear, leaving only a path where it once was. 'This is the Great Sealing', she realized.

The figure in black reached into his robe and pulled out a darkly stained knife. It flicked out, faster than Harriet's eyes could follow. Harriet didn't even know where it ended up, until the white robe began to turn red. The girl in the red robe caught the wounded expression in her mother's face. Mordick's hand flicked out again, grazing his sister's arm. 

The red-robed girl cast a spell on her brother and smoke seeped out of his robe. The girl looked down at her arm and then fell down to her knees. She preformed another incantation on the shimmering halfway folded land behind her. Mists rose up, and the path was now hidden. 

Mordick turned around and looked in the direction where Harriet was hidden. "Only two more," he said with a voice that caused the hair on Harriet's neck to rise. She shivered as she felt a wave of malevolence over her such as she had never encountered before. Finally, Mordick disappeared in a final burst of smoke, leaving only the remains of his robe, but what Harriet couldn't get out of her mind was the look on his face. It wasn't the look of defeat, but of evil victory.

On the ground, the red-robed girl clutched her white- robed mother to her breast and cried out in agony. It was a cry that never seemed to end and echoed in Harriet's ears, even when she woke up.

Harriet was covered in sweat and her heart raced from her dream. She heard the cry again. She almost panicked when she felt something on her, thinking it was Mordick, but then she realized it was only her roommate Heather.

"Heather," Harriet said. "Get off me! Something's going on."

She moved the girl over and gently pulled the phallus free. 'She must have come in while I was asleep,' Harriet thought. She threw on a gray robe and ran to the direction of the scream.

It was coming from the bathroom, and it was worse than she ever expected. Her friend Lovelle was on the floor crying in despair. In her arms she held what at first appeared to be a gruesome monster, but what Harriet came to realize had once been a person. The skin was waxy and sunken in around the bones as if it had been mummified. So out of place on the aged body, was the bright red hair on top of her head. 

It was the hair that gave it away. As hard as it was to believe, the gruesome looking mummified remains in Lovelle's arms was their mutual friend Paige. Harriet fell to the floor and held Lovelle, doing her best to console the poor girl, just as Madam Morganna and Madam Morose, the old divination, teacher, entered the bathroom.

Madam Morganna said, pushing gawking girls away, and examining the body. "Dear Lord, what has happened?"

Lovelle said crying, "I-I don't know. Paige was in the bathroom for a long time. I came to check on her and--." She looked down at the mummified corpse in her arms, sobbed unable to continue, and began to hyperventilate.

Madam Morose laid her hand on Lovelle's head, performed an incantation, and the young girl fell asleep in Harriet's arms. 

Madam Morose turned to Harriet and said, "Put the young lady to bed. She will sleep all night." To Morganna: "Surely someone must have seen something. It is a public bathroom for goodness sake. There are golems all over."

Madam Morganna waved her arms, shooing the few onlookers out of the bathroom. "Out-out. Everyone out. Everything's under control. Go back to your rooms. You still have class tomorrow."

Finally, the girls in the bathroom reluctantly ambled out and returned to their rooms, whispering quietly to themselves.

"Dear God," Madam Morganna said. "What are we going to do?"

"Well we need to investigate," said Madam Morose. "You start with the golems and I'll see if any clues where left on the body. Tomorrow, we'll tell the other teachers and somehow we'll get to the bottom of this."

Visibly shaken, Madam Morganna replied, "Y-yes, we'll do that. Maybe just a spell gone bad somehow."

Madam Morose said, "And where is Madam Hilda? Isn't she supposed to be watching this floor?"

Madam Morganna said, "I don't know, but I'm damn sure going to find out."

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.