 Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

"What the fuck's going on here?" It was Betsy, a fellow member of the gray robe's Macrosse team.

But was obvious what was going on. "Please . . . ugh. . . please," Heather panted. She was on the bed, her ankles on either side of her pretty blonde-haired head. The girl holding them there was covered by a sheen of sweat. Beneath her mass curly dark sweat drenched hair, her face was screwed up in anguish. Her eyes danced. Her pelvis slapped loudly against the blonde girl's mound. She was so close.

The girl was Harriet.

"No more," Heather grunted. "Ugh, please no more. Someone please. Just get her off of me."

Betsy tried, but she wasn't able to do it alone. It took three gray robes to finally pull Harriet off her roommate.

"No, I'm too close," Harriet begged. "Just one more minute."

"We trusted you." Betsy shot Heather a withering glare. "And you blew it. You just had to screw around with her didn't you?"

"It wasn't me," Heather retorted. "I swear. Those black robes must have hexed her somehow. Look at it, the size of her. . ."

Betsy blushed, yes she had seen it. How could she not? Harriet's nipples were swollen and enlarged, but that wasn't what she was thinking about. No, she was thinking about the other . . .down below. It was so large and it really couldn't be called a clit anymore, it was more like a cock. It might be fun to - no, Betsy shook her head to clear away the dirty thoughts. They had a game to win.

"Can she still play?" Betsy asked, looking doubtful.

"I don't even know how she has the strength to walk after what she did to me last night," Heather replied, while using her wand to heal her aching sex and arse. She glanced over and saw that Harriet was practically molesting one of the girls holding her. "Get her in the shower . . . a cold one!"

***********

Later, after her team mates had gotten the story from Harriet about what had caused the swelling in her more intimate regions, the girls set about trying to find a cure. The more academically inclined girls tried their spell-books, while the more magically inclined took a more direct approach. Neither was going well.

Harriet sat naked on the bed with her legs spread wide. Her sex glistened in the morning light. Her enlarged clit pulsed with a life of its own. Seven other gray-robed classmates crowded around her.

"My turn - my turn," the red haired junior witch said, tracing the rune with her wand and pointing it at Harriet's sex. "Microrentee!" 

"That feel any better?" asked Betsy.

"Ewwww yeah," Harriet groaned through her pouting lips. Her fingers delved down and frigged her wet sex before moving up to stroke up and down her enlarged clit. "Zap me. Oh baby, zap me again, mmmmm. . ."

"Nothings happening. If anything, it might be bigger," said Betsy. 

"Let me try. I have an idea," Sedella blurted. Her face obviously flushed in arousal as she pointed her wand at Harriet's sex. Unfortunately her wand came within Harriet's reach. She grabbed it and pushed the tip into her sex, moved it in and out, fucking herself with it. 

"That's it Sedella," Harriet moaned. "Give it to me. Zap me good. Come on . . . I want to feel you do it inside me."

Sedella looked questioningly at Heather, who just shrugged her shoulders and raised her eyebrows. "What spell were you planning to do?"

"It's ahh . . ." Sedella's gaze kept glancing down at Harriet's very wet sex and engorged clit. Watching as Harriet fucked herself on the slim wooden wand. "Ahhh- it's a numbing spell."

"You heard the girl," Heather said. "Give it to her."

"Let go of my wand so I can trace the rune Harriet," Sedella said, but was totally ignored by Harriet, who seemed to be trying to perform some magic of her own. A trick called, making the wand disappear. 

"I said, let go*!" Sedella had to pry Harriet's fingers off the wand.

"Okeedoekee," Harriet giggled. She was far too horny to be a very good patient. She propped one foot on Sedella's shoulder and the other slid into the girl's robe. "But give it to me. Give it to me good."

Sedella's brow furrowed in concentration as she attempted the spell. It was hard forming the rune with the wand buried in Harriet's juicy sex as it was, but Sedella did her best. She tried to remember the words to the spell, but couldn't. Instead her concentration was shattered as Harriet worked her dexterous toes beneath Sedella's robe and tweaked the young witch's nipple. 

"Somebody hold her legs," Sedella said, her whining voice dripping exasperation and arousal. "I can't . . . I can't concentrate with the things she's ah- doing with her toes."

Finally Harriet's legs were secured by the other grayrobes.

"Okay, here goes . . ." Sedella began.

"No don't!" Candice yelled from the door. 

Sedella never got the spell off. She was too busy helping the other gray-robes relieve Candice of her wand and unceremoniously dump the small blackrobe in front of Harriet wide-spread legs.

"Hey Cutie-Candy," said Harriet.

"Harriet, I came just as soon as I heard." Candice said, still breathing hard from running non-stop from the black-robe's hall.

"What did you bitches do to Harriet," Betsy demanded, jabbing Candice in the back with her wand.

"*I didn't do anything." Candice pleaded. Then to Harriet. "You've got to believe me Harriet. I never knew. I swear." 

"I believe you Cutie-Candy," Harriet said deliriously. "But right now . . . the most important thing is . . . I need to cum. And I need to come really really bad. If I don't cum soon. . . .I think I'm going to be as crazy as a hatter. A hotter hatter hee-hee!"

Heather took out her wand and placed it directly between Candice's eyes. Her voice was as cold as steel. "You better hope to God you can spell her back."

"I brought the antidote," Candice said, reaching into her satchel and pulling out the jar of goo that Lovelle had used on Harriet. "Oh God, I'm going to be in so much trouble if the other girls find out."

"Sex juice!" Betsy exclaimed. "That stuff's illegal."

"You think?" Candice asked sarcastically. "Anyway, it isn't just sex juice. This stuff's been hexed up so that the more magic use to undo it, the worse the effects."

"So, instead of helping. . ." Sedella began. 

"You were just making it worse," finished Candice.

"But worse feels so good. Mmmmm. . ." Harriet moaned as she tugged her enlarged clitoris between two fingers. "I just need to cum. Just once. Oh, just one time and I'll won't ask for anything else ever again. Oh-please-please-please, I've been a good girl girl this year Santa."

"You haven't climaxed?" Candice asked in disbelief. That wasn't what should be happening after being exposed to sexjuice.

"Not even once sweet Candy," Harriet giggled hysterically. "I need to get home to Chloe. You see, I'm being punished - punished for cheating on Chloe."

"Something's wrong," Candice told the other girls. "She should be climaxing uncontrollably or maybe she's delirious with sex juice fever. Well, the only thing I know to do, is try to reverse the hex."

Candice opened the jar and cast a spell on the contents, "Reversie!" before taking out a dollop. "Well, here goes nothing."

But, Heather stopped the young witch before she could touch Harriet. "Wait just a minute. How do we know we can trust you, black robe?" she said, arching an eyebrow.

Candice looked around at the gray-robe witches gathered around her. She was clearly outnumbered and she really didn't blame the girls for not trusting her. Not after what her fellow black-robes had done. She blushed a deep crimson when she realized what she had to do. Her slimy green fingers snuck beneath her robe and she gave a slight gasp as they slid along the grove of her sex.

"It's safe," said Betsy.

Heather grinned slyly. "But, how do we really know she's doing anything? She might just be pretending."

"Oh!" Candice gave a start as her black robe was stripped off by the two gray-robes behind her. She looked around in disbelief at the stern stares of the gray-robed witches around her. Surely they couldn't possible think. . .

"Do it," Betsy ordered.

"But-but," Candice stammered. This wasn't going as she had planned. Not even close. With trembling fingers she doled out another dollop of goo. Her hand returned to her sex, and with thighs pressed tightly together in a vain attempt to preserve her modesty, she rubbed her fingers along her rapidly blossoming sex.

"Inside too," ordered Heather, pushing the young black robe's thighs apart with her wand.

Blushing furiously, Candice gave a grunt at the initial penetration. The goo was cold, but God she felt so hot. She was sweating under the stern glares of the surrounding gray robes. Harriet lay in front of her, naked, sexy legs spread wide, clit standing erect, almost beckoning her. Candice's eyes rolled back into her head in pleasure. Oh God, what would these girls think of her? She bit her lip to suppress her moan.

"Are you satisfied now?" Betsy asked Heather. She acted like she was all business, but Heather could see the flush of her cheeks.

"No yet," Heather said. "I want to see inside. Make sure she's not swelling."

"Good idea," said Sedella, crowding in close.

"Girls, we've got a game. . ." Betsy urged, but her protests stilled immediately as Candice spread herself, baring the insides of her green gooey sex. 

"Your clit too," Heather ordered. 

Poor Candice had no resistance left. With one hand stretching her nether lips, she pulled up with the other beckoning forth her pink pearl. 

"Pull on it," Harriet breathed, causing everyone to turn and look at their forgotten team leader. "Let's see if it's growing."

"Please," Candice's voice trembled. "Oh- oh - God," she groaned as she tugged on her tiny nubbin of pleasure. 

"I think it's growing," Sedella said in a hushed voice, from her kneeling position, her head only a short distance from Candice's crotch.

"No-I'm just - I'm just Oh God- Oh shit - ugh. . ." Candice's body bucked as a small orgasm ran though her. Did the fool girl not understand that what was happening had nothing to do with the green goo, but everything to do with having to touch herself in front of an audience? Worse, doing kneeling in front of Harriet's long lean legs and large throbbing clit.

"A black robed perv," Heather finished for her.

"Shut up Heather," said Harriet. To Candice: "It's okay Candy. I trust you. Do me now baby. Do me real good."

"Here," Sedella volunteered, reaching for the container of goo. "I'll do it." "No you won't either," Candice held it fast. She was a little weak from her orgasm, but she held her ground. "I'm the one who brought it." Her slimy finger reached for Harriet's enlarged clit. At last she could touch it! 

She was timid at first. It was unnatural in appearance. Harriet's wooden wand had been one thing, but this, this was something of an entirely different sort. A tiny pearl that was no longer a tiny pearl, but instead had transformed into a four inch cocklette. The flesh of it was pink and silky smooth, yet it was firm enough to hold its elongated shape. 

Candice grew more confident and pumped her fingers up and down along its length.

"Oh Candy!" Harriet gasped. "Oh baby, that's it. Oh- oh!" She gasped even louder as she felt herself penetrated with two other fingers.

The other gray robes stared in rapt attention. The sight and sounds of Harriet getting masturbated by the young black robe had dampened every last panty in the room. A few daring girls attempted to slide a hidden hand beneath their robes.

'No way, I'm letting her have all the fun,' Sedella thought, as she took a dollop of the green slime and proceeded to rub it into Harriet's elongated nipples.

"Ugh-Oh God. . ." Harriet groaned, her body squirming involuntarily under the girl's administrations. Her long legs spread wide as she planted her feet on the bed and thrust her pelvis into the air. "Oh fuck give it to me, Candy. Give it to me!" The sensations and the stab of pleasure from the profane word set her body on fire with lust. 

Another hand joined in, followed by two more. Soon Harriet was being poked, stroked and prodded. "Fuck- fuck-oh fuck. Oh everyone! Everyone fuck me! Someone ugh - I don't care who. Someone shove your finger in my arse," Harriet begged, oblivious to smoking stares from her fellow gray robes. As her rear was penetrated, Harriet grabbed a spare slime coated hand, and proceeded to suck on the fingers to quite her desperate moans. She rode the wave of pleasure to the brink. It crested so high, she was afraid of what would happen when it inevitably crashed down.

Yet somehow, inexplicably, it never did. She wanted to cry . . . realizing that tears coated her slimy cheeks. She wanted to rage. She wanted to fuck every girl in the room, to punish them for her lack of climax. She grabbed a fistful of Candy's hair. She would turn her around and fuck her. She would suck her dry. 

***********

Suddenly, Harriet was no longer in the dormroom. She was outside in a garden of sorts, but he flowers were all dead. There was a girl in front of her, but the girl was naked, bent over at the waist, and firmly secured in stocks. Her plaintive pleas for mercy were smothered by the gag stretching her mouth. Her pale chill bump covered body shivered in the cold morning air. Angry welts criss-crossed her naked back and arse.

"Little cunt," Harriet spat. "You know you want it. Your dirty hole cries for it." She captured the girl's dripping nectar on a finger and teased her clit and arse with it, careful not to risk the girl's virginity. No, whatever happened, that must never be risked. 

A quick flick of her wrist brought the leather strap down on the girl's back, leaving a terrible mark. "Wicked cunt," she spat. "You're all the same. You tempt me now, but I will wait. I can resist your worthless meat. But never fear, your time draws near and I'll bleed you soon enough. Now spread your legs dog, I must prime the pump."

"Ghnooo," the girl cried from around her gag. 

The leather strap descended five more times, the last strike drawing blood, before the girl reluctantly spread her legs. 

"Slut," Harriet's voice dripped with hate. "You're all the same. Spreading your legs for whoever comes along. Well . . . here's your reward." Harriet's old gnarled fingers shoved a thorny black wand capped with a crystal ball against the girl's mons. The poor young girl convulsed as if being shocked. 

"Guhhhhhh," she groaned. Moisture dripped from her sex into a puddle on the ground.

"That's it cunt," Harriet spat. "Enjoy it while you can. . ."

************

Harriet opened her eyes with a start. Thank God, she was back in familiar surroundings. Even though she knew it was just a daydream - a bizarre fantasy of som e sort induced by her sexual delirium, she could almost feel the girl's pain. Worse, the hate she felt from herself made her feel suddenly cold and dirty. Not, naughty dirty. It was as if her soul had been stained. And even though she didn't experience an orgasm, her thirst for sex had been quenched by the evil she had felt. All she wanted now was a shower. 

"Let me up," Harriet said, pushing the girls away. "I need a shower."

"Wait," Heather said to Candice. "Are you finished?"

Candice looked up from between Harriet's thighs at her enlarged clit. She yearned to wrap her lips around it again. "I guess," she replied.

"It doesn't look any smaller," said Heather.

"Looks friggin' huge," breathed Sedella. 

"I'm pretty sure I did the spell right," Candice said, looking at the other girls for support; instead finding angry accusing eyes. "I-I'm sure of it. R-r- really." To Harriet: "How long did it take to get this big?"

"A few hours." Harriet was already pulling free and on her way to the shower, oblivious to her state of nakedness.

"Then it should only be a few hours till she's back to normal," said Candice.

"We don't have a few hours," said Betsy. "The match begins in less than an hour."

The gray-robes looked at one another as Harriet left. "We're screwed," they said in unison.

***********

Harriet took a long shower, but the water failed to wash away the soiled and dirty feeling she had. 'Well, at least the damn golems are silent,' she thought. Thankful she didn't have to listen to their jibes as she looked at herself in the mirror. Her mons and labia were still swollen, but that wasn't what drew the eye. Neither were her long and puffy nipples. No, it was her clit behaved like some sort of eye magnet. It looked like nothing that should ever be found on a girl.

Harriet's ruminations were interrupted by the sudden appearance of yellow eyes in the mirror. "Harriet!" 

"Jesus Christ!" Harriet screamed, jumping back, landing on her ass, and almost peeing herself.

Finally whiskers and a round furry head appeared. "Got a question for ya toots."

"Argh!" Harriet screamed. "Don't you ever do that again, you crazy cat!"

"What?" Lucky said innocently.

"You can't just go appearing like that out of nowhere," Harriet said. "How am I going to get out fo this mess if I drop dead of a heart attack?" 

"I did warn you," Lucky said. "Didn't you see my eyes?"

Harriet wished she had something to throw at the cat - something to knock that smug expression right off his face. "I don't care if you can walk through walls. You want to talk to me, use a door like everyone else."

"I'm not going in there," Lucky said, casting a wary glance at the floor. "It's wet."

Harriet got up and edged sidewise toward a stall. "Well what is it? What's so important you near about scared me half to death?"

Lucky looked down at Harriet's crotch with an expression as close to a smirk as a cat can have. "Yo, I was just wondering if I should call you Harry now?"

"Out!" Harriet screamed, as she launched a wet sponge at the cat. It left a trail of soapy water on the mirror, but the cat was gone. She prayed it got at least a little wet.

Harry! The nerve of that cat. And the nerve of those danged black-robes for pulling a stunt like this. Didn't they know she had bigger fish to fry than the Macrosse match? Something evil was on the loose, and she needed an orgasm, and most of all, she needed to go back home. But, Harriet knew one thing was for certain. She was going to beat the Black robes today. Whatever it took. 

To be continued. . . 

**************

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.