 5. Nanpa Girls

Roku landed in the alley on her ass.

The whores hadn't given her a chance to dress. She stumbled, dirty and naked, across the blacktop and collapsed into heap in the center of the alley, the door to Mai's Brothel slamming shut behind her. Her head was still spinning from the truncheon crack across the mouth. She coughed and spit out a mouthful of blood. She could feel the swelling starting, locking up her left jaw. Roku felt around inside her mouth and checked the settings of her teeth. Lucky, nothing seemed loose. 

As the whores had physically evicted Roku from the Sento Room -- each grabbing and arm and each grabbing a leg -- she had had the presence of mind to hang on to her apron and her dress. Now she was alone, she pulled the dress over her head and down over her body. Her underwear was long lost, along with her shoes, and a ladder ran the full length of her left black stocking. She dug frantically through the pockets of the apron and was rewarded with the solid heft of her burner still tucked away in the main pocket. It was little comfort, but at least Roku was armed. It was something, at least.

The Old Matron and the whores had made there point: Roku was not wanted. Bringing down the wrath of the Ober Security Personnel... It was trouble a place like Mai's didn't need. The jack booted guards had spirited away Lady Le-En, taking the white town car with them. Roku was laying in the gutter of a stinking back alley, half naked, with the shit beaten out of her. She'd had better days, Roku thought. She'd come down to the brothel with Lady Le-En in hopes she could insinuate herself, somehow, into the Ober household, but she had only manged to get herself mistaken for a common whore. The guards hadn't looked at her twice -- Lady Le-En hadn't bothered to speak up. With the amount of force that Guard Commander had used to smash in Roku's head... Well, she wouldn't habe cared if she'd killed Roku. What was one more whore to her? And now Roku was left in the darkness, in her bare feet, to make her own way back to school... And who knows what lurks around these parts of town at night, praying on whatever happens to stumble by? The Old Matron had mentioned 'Nanpa Girls', but Roku had no idea what they were... But something in the evil glee with which the Old Matron had mentioned them... It made something inside Roku stomach sink.

There was nothing to do but walk. 

Roku started off in her stockinged feet down the alley. She adjusted her uniform, hoping for some semblance of modesty, but it was a lost cause. The dress was ripped. Unless she held it up, it fell away from her left breast... And she felt sore where Steely Dan had penetrated her -- a cold breeze blew between her legs. Altogether, she felt seriously hard done by, and she cursed Lady Le-En, and all the Ober Wives, for their fucking self-righteous superiority. Roku might be a trained agent -- a genetically engineered killer, but for all Lady Le-En knew, she was a innocent, honest girl of eighteen. To abandon such a creature to the terrors of the south-side at night... Simply because Lady Aru had shown Roku some kindness...

Fuck them all, Roku thought.

Roku stepped back out onto the main street off the alley. She looked down its length, left and right. All was quiet. All the building looked abandoned -- their cold, neoclassical facades showing now signs of life. The river was to the left and Roku started in that direction. She kept her hand firmly wrapped around the grip of her burner hidden in her apron pocket. She methodically scanned the street as she walked, pausing to glance back over her shoulder. The whole street was nothing but a world of dancing shadows -- dark nooks that could easily hide a thousand adversaries. Roku told herself to get a grip. It wasn't more than a mile to the river and she'd be back on the north side of town -- the new town, built by, and for, the Great Society. That was the safe part of the city where girls could walk at night without fear of assault. Roku had to smile. What could she possibly look like? How would people react when they saw Roku wander across the river, in her torn maid's uniform, with a swelling, bruised face. How long before the police were called? But Roku didn't fear the police, the police would mean a ride back to school. Perhaps Roku would have to sit through a dressing down by the Head Matron, but-

-What was that? Back, probably a quarter of a mile, Roku had heard a car cross across the main street. There was the sound of breaks. Roku stopped in her tracks and looked back through the dingy light of the meager streetlights. Slowly, she saw the car backing up, out of an alley, back onto the main street. Someone wanted a second look at Roku. There was nothing to do but keep walking. Roku turned away and started off again in her bare feet. Behind her, Roku could hear the car's engine revving to life. She shot a quick glance back and could see the car approaching. Roku quickened her pace, keeping her burner firmly hidden in her apron -- her off hand holding up the neckline of her dress. The car was closing, the powerful engine roaring away behind her. A gas burner, one of those old petroleum fueled engines. Big and powerful and dirty. Roku looked back one last time and the car was almost on top of her. The driver suddenly hit the breaks and slowed the car to match Roku's walking speed -- rolling behind her no more than twenty feet back.

Roku kept walking. She dared not look around again. She could feel every inch of her body tightening. If an attack came, she was ready. She would hear the slightest noise, turn and fire her burner. But the car just kept rolling behind her, keeping pace, its old, angry engine muttering slowly. Roku didn't alter her step -- it'd do no good to run. She kept walking toward the river, letting the car follow. She must have been quite the sight -- whoever was in the car was trying to figure out what exactly Roku was... Perhaps they were a good Samaritan, Roku laughed to herself, about to offer aid. No, Roku knew, that was a lie -- she was easy pray. Too easy, perhaps. The car was sizing her up, looking for some hidden danger. In a few moments they'd realize that there was nothing else to Roku -- she was nothing more than exactly what she looked like: A scared, lone girl lost in a bad part of town. When the car came to that conclusion, then they'd act, Roku thought, but for now car was following her slowly, licking its lips in anticipation.

"Hey, sweetie..." A voice came from behind Roku, she turned. It was a big car, a massive car, like nothing they'd built for a hundred years. There were four girls in it, dressed for the night clubs, their faces made up and their hair in wild styles. The girl in the front passenger seat was leaning out of the open window, calling to Roku. She was wearing a small, glittering mini dress and she drummed on the door of the car with her long, painted nails. 

Roku kept walking.

"Hey, sweetie, come here," the girl, hanging through the open car window, said. Roku looked back again. The girl was smiling, waving to Roku. "You need a lift, hon?" she asked. 

"I"m fine," Roku lied. There were two girls in the backseat who giggled. The driver was watching Roku closely from behind the car's massive steering wheel.

"Come on, let's give you a lift. It ain't safe for a pretty girl like you to be walking all alone in this part of town." The girls voice was slightly slurred and her pupils were wide. Res. "Come on, baby, you look like hell. Some one beat you up, huh? You get a little rough lovin'? Don't worry about it, we'll get you home, sweetie, come one..." More giggles from the backseat.

Roku stopped and the car came to a halt. Roku turned fully around to looked the car over. They hardly looked like a serious threat, Roku thought. Four party girls... And Roku did have her burner. The back door of the car opened, and a girl slipped out of the back. She had on the smallest tube top around her chest -- almost a strapless bra, pink shorts and platform shoes. Her hair was a wild array of neon lighting and hair spray. She was chew on gum, or something, and held the door open for Roku. Roku could see her reflection in the shiny finish of the massive car. For the first time she saw the large black eye circling her left eye, and the full extent of swelling in her jaw. She was a mess. Roku looked down at her bare feet and back up to the wild party girl holding the car door for her. Suddenly, Roku didn't care who these people were. They were transportation, that was all. What did Roku, the Hatchette, have to fear from four tiny, drunk party girls? Nothing, that was all. Roku wearily stepped forward and climbed into the back seat of the car. Before she knew it, the car was moving again, and the two girls in the back were almost sitting on top of her.

"Hey, beautiful, you tear your dress?" the one on Roku's left asked, fussing with the torn neck line.

"And look at those stocking," the one on the right said, running a hand down Roku's left leg. Suddenly, Roku was being pawed from every direction.

"Hey, were you live, sweetie?" the girl in the front passenger seat asked. Roku saw the driver adjusting her rear view mirror to get a better look at Roku.

"Saint Elenas," Roku said, mentioning the name of her school, but Roku now realized that the car wasn't going to be taking her home.

"You have a rough night, baby?" the girl to Roku's left was saying. She had pulled the neckline of Roku's dress free, and she pulled it down until Roku's left breast was exposed. Roku grabbed frantically at the fabric of her dress and tried to pull it back into place.

"And what happen to your panties?" the girl on the right said, her hand exploring under Roku's short dress. 

"No!" Roku cried.

"Don't worry, we'll get you home, sweetie," the girl in the front seat said, but she couldn't hold back an evil smile. The driver let out a soft titter as the two girls in the back tore forcefully at Roku's dress. What little fabric was left at the neckline gave way and both of Roku's breasts were suddenly exposed. Without a second of hesitation, the two girls had their mouths hungry at Roku's nipples, sucking and biting. Roku struggled to free herself, but the girl from the front seat raised to small, compact burner and pointed it at Roku. "Just relax," she said, holding the gun. Roku ceased in her struggling. The two girls lapped hungrily at Roku's full breasts, and hands pulled her thighs far apart. The girl with the gun looked down at Roku's exposed Jane and smiled hungrily. Fingers were exploring, probing. Roku could feel a warm building inside her again. 

How man times did that make it today? she thought. She had to concentrate, this was a deadly situation. That was a real burner. She couldn't let herself get swept away with lust... These must be the Nanpa Girls the Old Matron had spoken of, Roku realized. Yeah, a group of cruising rapists, that was just the sort of thing that would make an Old Matron smile. Fingers were inside Roku now, circling. Roku let out a soft moan, and instantly regretted it. The girl to Roku's right broke off from Roku's breast and passionately kissed Roku on the mouth. Roku didn't resist. The girl pulled down her tube top, revealing her small, firm breasts, and started feeding them to Roku. Roku sucked on them obediently, flicking the nipples with her tongue. The girl to Roku's left twisted in her seat, placing her mouth between Roku's legs, and started licking. Roku couldn't help sigh with pleasure as the girl's tongue began digging deep inside Roku. 

The girls to Roku's right pulled her breast from Roku's mouth and began to fumble at her pink shorts. Now she's going to feed Roku her pussy, Roku thought, and she was ready. She licked her lips in anticipation of the bitterness of the girl's taste.

"No, what are you doing?" the girl in the front seat, with the gun, asked.

"I want her to-" the topless girl in the pink shorts said. Her friend was still lost between Roku's legs. 

"Not now, you idiot!" the girl in the front said with surprising force. "When we're at the apartment." And the girl stopped unbuttoning her shorts, instead contenting herself to suck hungrily on Roku's breasts.

The car pulled to a halt. Roku felt it, but didn't see. The girl came up from between Roku's thighs and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. She was a pretty blonde with delicate features. The second girl was pulling her tube top back into place as she opened her door. The girl in the front kept the burner pointed at Roku. Everyone was climbing out of the car. For a moment, Roku was left alone in the back seat, but a wave for burner told Roku to climb out.

Roku was naked besides her torn black stockings. She held her destroyed dress and her apron bundled up against her breasts. Out on the cold, dirty street, she felt small and exposed. The car had stopped in front of an old, rundown apartment building, obviously still on the south-side of town. There wasn't another soul to be seen. One of the girls from the back seat produced a blanket from the trunk and she wrapped it around Roku. Two girls, on either side of Roku, took an arm and led her towards the apartment building's main doors. They had probably once been glass, but now they were just sheets of particle board, heavily graffitied. The lobby smelled like urine. A few bundled figures lay here and there spread out on the floor. The forms stirred as the Nanpa Girls entered with Roku, but no one moved from their spot in the lobby. The Nanpa Girls ignored the transients and lead Roku to the stairs. They climbed, three stories, and came to a dirty, half broken door.

Inside it was no nicer. It was an apartment, with a kitchen, but it was obvious that no one had lived there for many years. The windows were broken and the weather was inside -- the smell of mold almost overpowering. There was a soggy, half collapsed couch in the living room, and a bare mattress on the floor in the center of the bedroom. It was a hellhole and Roku began to shiver -- half from the cold, and half from anticipation of the reason she had been brought there. 

"Down," someone behind Roku's back said, and pulled the blanket suddenly off Roku. She stood there naked, her torn dress and apron in her hands. One of the girls, the one with the gun, took her things from her and threw them up against the couch. "Down!" she repeated, and pushed down on Roku's bare shoulder. Her knees landing in to soggy wet mold of the carpet and she looked up into the barrel of the small gun.

Things had suddenly taken a serious turn for the worse, Roku realized. This wasn't the sort of place that young, naked girls ever came home from. Roku's body shivered, but inside a calm came over her. Now was the time for violence, she understood. She would have to act, reach for her burner. For when the Nanpas girls were done with her... Well, Roku had seen the vidcasts of bodies pulled out of the river... All pink and bloated... In the morning, that was going to be her. 

But Roku paused. Something about the situation made Roku think. Her life was in serious danger, yes, these four girls were armed and dangerous. They planned to rape Roku and murder her. But there was something... Something about the whole situation that Roku sensed. She was quite ready to act. She would bide her time for a few minutes longer. It might mean humiliation, it might mean injury, but there was always that Hatchette coolness about Roku, that curiosity even in the face of death. In one more minute she'd make her move, but for now...

"Fuck!" the girl in the pink shorts cursed, pulling her top off once again. "Are we gonna do this?" She began to pop open the buttons of her pink shorts. "Now? You fucking bitch," She turned to the girl with the gun, "can she suck it now?" 

"Oh, yeah," the girl with the gun said casually, lifting up her mini dress, "she can suck us all now." She was pulling down her panties. It took a second for Roku to realize what was happening -- what was wrong with the whole situation. When the pink shorts dropped -- when the panties under the mini dress came down -- things were out of place. Erect fingers shot out from groins and pointed at Roku. The other two girls were lifting their dresses too, and they were the same: the fleshy members, pink and hard. A shaft that ballooned slightly at the end with a single small opening. Each of the Nanpa girls stroked at their appendage as they stepped in closer to Roku.

The Nanpa Girls weren't girls, they were boys!

Roku regarded the four penises at eye level with total and complete horror. Roku was a Hatchette, yes, tasked with hunting down and destroy men, but she'd never actually seen a male before. The charts, the diagrams from Hatchette training were woefully inadequate. Seconds earlier, regardless of the danger, Roku would have sworn on her life that the four girls from the car were full blooded females. Nothing about them, in the car... The breasts, the hands, the figures, the faces... Nothing about them had given Roku any indication that they were male. Now Roku had her answer -- now she understood what it was about situation that had bothered her. Now she could act. 

"Seen one of these before?" the girl/boy with the gun asked. Roku looked up from his penis to the gun. The excited one, the Nampa girl who'd been wearing the pink shorts, stepped forward impatiently and thrust his penis into Roku's mouth. Roku gagged. A spasm of pain rocked through her body from her swollen, locked jaw. With her cock in Roku's mouth, the Nanpa girl started pumping back and forth, holding Roku's head firm. Roku didn't resist. The girl with the gun was still holding it -- both the gun and her cock. Roku would have to wait for her moment. 

The penis moved back and forth in Roku's mouth, chocking her as the girl thrust it down Roku's throat. After a dozen or so thrusts, the Nanpa Girl pulled it out and rubbed it against Roku's face. "Yeah, suck it, lick it," She was muttering, playing with his tight breasts. Roku stuck out her tongue at let her run her cock over it. The Nanpa Girl moaned with joy. She reached between her legs and pulled forward the small sack that dangled from the rear of her penis. This she pushed into Roku's mouth, telling Roku to "suck my balls, you slut..."

"I gonna cum!" She finally said, after a minute or so more, thrusting into Roku's face. Roku was starting to get the hang of it -- to relax and let the penis slide down her throat. The girl pulled out her cock of Roku's mouth and let it erupted in a stream of white cum across Roku's lips and bruised cheek. Roku reflexively flinched away from the ejaculation and got the last of the cum in her left ear -- sticking to her hair. "I wanta fuck her ass..." the Nanpa Girl continued, reaching around to grab at Roku's rear. She showed no signs that her climax had satisfied her at all.

"You're done..." the girl with the gun said, stepping forward, "back of the line," she gestured back, behind the others, with the gun. She positioned himself in front of Roku and began to feed her dick into Roku's mouth. 

Roku's moment had come. As the girl with the gun positioned himself, thrusting out her manhood, Roku came up with a fist. The blow landed solidly between the Nanpa Girl's legs. At the same moment, Roku thrust forward with her forehead, into the girl's member, buckling it under the force of the blow. Not unexpectedly, the Nanpa girl doubled over and fell to the floor. Roku dropped back onto her rear, and rolled. The other Nanpa Girls were dangerously close, but they had all been completely taken by surprise by Roku's maneuver. Before the could react, Roku was fumbling amongst the rags that had once been her maid's uniform. Her apron, the front pocket, the burner, and she was on her feet. The first arch of plasma hit the Nanpa Girl who'd driven the car to the apartment. She had pendulous, fake breasts, and the left one boiled and exploded where the plasma bolt cut into her. 
