 11. The Falling Gallery

Rapturous applause rose from the main party as Lady Aru and Roku stepped out onto the main floor. Lady Aru was making her entrance and it had been a good one. The floor of the observation deck of the Sentinel Tower was packed with a good two or three hundred ladies, all in formal wear. Glasses clinked, an orchestra played, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. But the whole party had paused for Lady Aru's entrance with Roku by her side. Even before Roku had stepped through the double doors she had started blushing. All this attention... Roku really hadn't been expecting it. But what was Lady Aru playing at? Lady Le-En was second through the door -- all on her own. The MC announced her titles, but even Roku realized that she should have been standing at Lady Aru's side. Was this her punishment for the events of last night? Roku wondered. The sour, angry look on Lady Le-En's face said it was. 

The remainder of the pre-party were formally announced as they emerged through the double doors -- all committee members and sub-commissars. A few ministers and military officers, but Roku didn't have the chance to identify anyone. Lady Aru held tight to Roku's hand. As people presented themselves to Lady Aru for introduction, Lady Aru introduced them to Roku like she was actually somebody to know. Roku could only smile and shake hands. As this and that person of nobility stepped forward, pay their respects, Lady Aru gave Roku a running dialog of all the juicy details about each of the respected personalities. Roku couldn't help but giggle. This captain of industry was sleeping with that committee chair, that's how they got the planning permission to build a shopping mall downtown; this Police Chief was into calfing (a fetish for sucking on lactating breasts); that sub-minister just had her gene resequenced and lost twenty kilos; another sub-minister had been arrested last year and a phallus found in her possession -- the whole thing has been hushed up, of course, for the greater good, but not until absolutely everyone who was anyone had heard the details...

At first, Roku was entertained, but then the sudden familiarity began to concern her. Lady Aru was dishing some dangerous details -- a whole laundry list of blackmail-able offenses. Who was Roku? Roku had no disillusions. A Hatchette, yes, but still the lowest of the low. Who was she to presume to know anything about anyone. Was this still all about last night? It could be, Roku realized. But somehow Lady Aru seemed to be trying just that little bit too hard. After all, if Roku did actually go to the press -- an insane possibility -- who would believe her? Who would take her word over that of a Lady -- an Ober wife at that. No, there was more to Lady Aru's familiarity than just calculated maneuvering. She was flirting with Roku, showing Roku off. Lady Aru was taking pleasure in having a young, beautiful woman at her side; reviling at the sideways glances people were casting at Roku's firm frame. 

Was Roku some sort of trophy to be displayed? That idea nagged her. Roku cast a glance across the room to the pouting figure of Lady Le-En drinking at the bar. Had she been the old trophy -- the pretty girl on Lady Aru's arm, now cast away? That idea nagged at Roku, too. What was Lady Le-En? Twenty five? Roku reminded herself not to get too comfortable, her tenure on Lady Aru's arm was probably fleeting.

But as the evening pertained to Roku's mission, it was a Grand Slam. Her report to Lt. Zee tomorrow would have to be multiple pages -- if Roku could remember even a tenth of what she was hearing.

"These affairs are so dull..." Lady Aru smiled casually. The receiving line had ended and Lady Aru and Roku had sifted toward the large windows of the observation deck, crystal flutes of Res laced champagne in their hands. "But the obligations of office..."

"Thank you for the invitation," Roku said. "I have to admit, I'm finding it all quite overwhelming."

"Oh, don't worry, dear," Lady Aru laughed, "you'll get used to it all. A few dozen of these shindigs and they become like second nature. Some nights, when I get home, I can't peel the smile off my face -- the muscles have just frozen into place..."

A few dozen more parties? What was Lady Aru implying?

"I-" Roku could only blurt the single syllable before she was interrupted by the Master of Ceremonies. Even Lady Aru turned to listen to who was been presented. The title was long -- much longer than Lady Aru's. The MC went on and on adding Chairmanships, Dames, Guardian of this or that, Governor of here and there, until finally she announced the entrance of the First Commissar, Lady Es.

There was thunderous applause. Cheers and whistles like a rock star had stepped out onto stage, but there was no sign that anyone new had entered the observation deck. Roku raised herself up on her tiptoes and surveyed the room. She couldn't understand who everyone was cheering for. Then, slowly, out of the large double doors that lead back into Lady Aru's office, the hunched figure of an old woman was rolled out. 

Huddled in an ornate wheelchair, wrapped in a number of silken shawls, the First Commissar rolled into the party. She seemed impossibly old, her head lolling forward, unaware of the adulation being poured upon her. No one faltered in their applause but Roku. Roku was shocked. That was the First Commissar? She'd no idea... No, that couldn't be right... The First Commissar was on the vidcasts all the time. That wasn't the First Commissar...

"Who is-" Roku began.

Lady Aru interrupted, "A dizgotic twin... The First Commissar that you see on the vidcasts... Same genetic template as the First Commissar, just sixty years younger. She's been using a double ever since her fifties. Back then, they didn't have the genetic therapies to hide the aging process, and with appearances being so important in our business... Well, the First Commissar's actual age has become something of a state secret. The public are now totally unaware of her actual age -- how elderly she's really become. If they had any idea... But no one lives forever, not even First Commissars... It's a deception we won't have to maintain for much longer..."

"I had no idea..." Roku said in disbelief. 

"We can rely on your discretion, I hope?" Lady Aru said with a sly smile.

"Oh, of course." Roku replied, returning the grin. "This evening has been so educational..." Roku added.

"And it's only just begun..." Lady Aru threated an arm around Roku's.

The Falling Gallery was something of an architectural marvel, a masterpiece of Great Society ingenuity. Roku had read about it in books, seen pictures, but never before experienced it in person. Its effect was acrophobic. Below the panoramic windows of The Sentinel Tower's observation deck, the Falling Gallery was a collection of interconnected terraces, staggered away at intervals down and away from the side of the building. Each consecutive terrace was lower than the last, invisible from the line-of-sight of the terrace above, lending the impression that nothing stood between you and the two kilometer drop off the side of the tower. Of course, the next terrace was actually below you, but only those brave enough to stand at the very precipice could see this. It was a dizzying effect, most comfortably witnessed from the concrete benches build at the back of each terrace, safely distant from the immense drop.

After the applause for the First Commissar died down, Lady Aru lead Roku by the arm away from the party and out onto the Falling Gallery. She chatted idly as the stepped out into the warm night. Other party goes were already out on the terraces, occupying benches. At first Roku paid little attention to anyone, listening intently to Lady Aru tell a tale; but as they began to climbe down to a lower terrace, Roku noticed that many of the woman already out in the Falling Gallery were engaged in passionate embraces. Here and there, a couple or a threesome of woman were intimately making out -- a cool breeze blowing across the Gallery tousling hair and clothing. Lady Aru didn't acknowledge the courious sight, continuing her chatter, tooking Roku by the hand and stepped to the very edge of one of the terraces. Below a few feet, three woman, one perhaps not much older than Roku and two in their middle-age, were passionate kissing each other in turn... But not really kissing, no, as Roku looked down, it wasn't like any kissing Roku had even done. It was more sucking on each other's tongues -- thrusting a tongue between a partner's lips, then, perhaps, licking each other's tongue, wrapping them together. Hems were raised and hands were exploring under evening gowns. As Lady Aru and Roku watched, the two older women bellow pulled down the younger woman's dress and began to simultaneously lick at her nipples. She let out a low groan as the two women's hands met moving up the inside of her thighs.

It was a Mosh, Roku realized.

A Mosh for adults -- power brokers, statement -- different rules than the showers after calisthenics, Roku understood, but a Mosh all the same. The main party was back on the observation deck, but the real fun of the evening was out here. Roku looked up from the passionate triple below her and into Lady Aru's eyes. She had stepped in closer to Roku, still holding tight to Roku's hand. Lady Aru leaned in close and placed her lips on Roku's. Roku was too stunned to respond. Lady Aru let go of Roku's hand and slipped her palm under Roku's short dress, cupping a buttock. She broke away from the kiss and looked Roku hungrily in the eyes. She must have seen the acquaintance she was looking for, because he kissed Roku again, this time firmly, thrusting a tongue between Roku's lips. 

It must have been a rule of the Falling Gallery's Mosh, the tongue kissing -- the lapping hungrily at each other mouths. Roku and Lady Aru stood there at the edge of the terrace kissing in this fashion for a long minute; Lady Aru's hands exploring under Roku's dress, Roku raising her hands to cup Lady Aru's impossibly high, firm breasts. What, at first, had seemed strange now seemed exciting, as Roku sucked ravenously at Lady Aru's tongue. One of Lady Aru's hands found Roku's Jane, and rubbed roughly at Roku's clitoris. Roku broke away from the kiss to let out a moan. A firm slap came to Roku's behind as a finger explored deeper into Roku. The finger emerged and Lady Aru brought it to her mouth, sucking on it hungrily. 

"Your Excellency," A voice almost whispered. Lady Aru turned, her finger still in her mouth, to see Minister Olev leading a beautiful young girl down the stairs from the terrace above. Lady Aru didn't show a second of embarrassment. The finger remained in her mouth as Minister Olev passed, taking the next flight of stairs down to the next terrace. Lady Aru looked back at Roku with a glint in her eyes. She took Roku's hand and lead her down after Minister Olev; down the stairs to the next terrace, and down again to a terrace that seemed to be unoccupied. 

Minister Olev and the young, pretty woman sat down on the empty bench and, without any fanfare, began to kiss in the fashion of the Falling Gallery. Lady Aru lead Roku to the center of the terrace, an arm around Roku, and stood there watching the Minister and the girl. Lady Aru's hand was again under Roku's dress touching her Jane, stimulating her as they watched the two woman make out. Then Lady Aru's hands came up, and slipped off the invisible straps from Roku's shoulders. Roku's dress fell away, leaving her standing naked in the cold breeze of the night. Roku motioned to cover herself, but Lady Aru pushed her hands down.

"Stand here," Lady Aru said -- commanded -- and she started toward the bench. She sat down next to the Minister who had broken away from her embrace to look at Roku. The three women looked approvingly at Roku, who felt cold and exposed in the chill of the evening. "Touch yourself," Lady Aru ordered.

Hesitantly, Roku complied, slightly spreading her legs and reaching a hand between them. She began to rub slowly at her Jane, getting little enjoyment from the exhibitionism. Lady Aru began to touch her own Jane through the fabric of her gown. She leaned over and extended a tongue at Minister Olev's still lips. She was distracted watching Roku, but as Lady Aru leaned in, the Minister took the offered tongue into her mouth, kissing Lady Aru passionately. Lady Aru pulled away from the kiss and took the tongue of the young woman who was offering it. The three continued to kiss interchangeably as Roku stood their, frigging at herself. The warmth between her legs was starting to overpower the cold breeze. She moaned.

"Turn around," Lady Aru ordered and Roku complied. Spreading her legs wider and not interrupting her masturbation. She arched her back and leaned a little forward, letting everyone get a good view. "Down," Lady Aru continued to order, "all fours. Ass up." Roku dropped down onto her knees and elbows, keeping her fingers between her legs. Now everyone would get a perfect view. She lowered herself and rested her face on the cold concrete, using her off hand to spread the lips of her Jane, still circling her clit with a single finger. Oh, she was going to cum...

She looked back through her spread legs and could see that the other three women were now masturbating, also. They were watching Roku's raised ass intently, rapidly rubbing their Janes. Roku could feel her orgasm rising, slipping two fingers of her left hand into her vagina, not letting off of her clit. She came hard, rapidly thrusting the two fingers in and out of herself. She moaned into the concrete slob beside her face, its cold hardness soothing to her overheated face.

Behind her, by the intensity of the groans, it sounded like the young girl was also almost there. Roku looked back to see that Minister Olev had taken over the masturbation duties for the girl, rubbing at her clit with one hand and jabbing a finger inside her with the other. Lady Aru had her feet tucked up under her now, her gown furled up, showing off her neat trim of her Jane. Her eyes were transfixed by Roku's upturned rear, circling her clit with a single finger. Roku took her hands away from her Jane but remained in position, taking a buttock in each hand and spreading herself. Lady Aru evidently approached this, as she doubled the rate of her masturbation. 

The Minster quickly got her partner off, and the young girl bucked and moaned under the Minster's hands. When the girl's climax has subsided, she dropped to her knees on the floor of the terrace and shuffled around to the front of the Minister. The Minister spread her legs apart as the young girl leaned forward, raising the Minister's black sequined gown. Minister Olev let out a soft, satisfied groan as the young girl started in on her Jane with her tongue.

"Come here," Lady Aru ordered softly. Roku shifted her weight back and started to stand. "No," Lady Aru interrupted, "come here. Crawl."

Roku complied, dropped back onto her palms and turned around to face Lady Aru. She took her time, crawling across the cold concrete, not taking the arch out of her back. She moved like a cat, slow and sultry. Her instincts were good, Lady Aru took her hand away from her Jane, but left it ready for Roku. Roku crawled up with a wide smile, stuck out her tongue and licked Lady Aru's Jane in one long motion. Lady Aru groaned, pulling the fabric away from her breasts and pinching at her nipples. Roku dug her tongue into Lady Aru's lips and flicked mercilessly at her clit. Lady Aru bucked her hips, she wouldn't last ten more seconds. Roku buried her face deep into Lady Aru's softness, lapping away. The orgasm rocked all of Lady Aru's body, picking her up of the bench and setting her back down. Beside here, the Minister was also climaxing, rubbing her Jane roughly into the face of the young woman.

With Roku's job done, she pulled from between Lady Aru's thighs, giving the small lily tattoo a peck as she passed. Lady Aru looked down and smiled at Roku, sweat dripping from her perfect features. She pulled Roku up and they kissed -- a real kiss, with minimum tongue -- and they held each other there on the exposed bench. Roku didn't feel cold, she felt warm all over, the warmth of Lady Aru's perfect body next to her. She lay her head on Lady Aru's breasts and closed her eyes. Happy -- happy in a way that Roku had never realized she could be.