 12. The Art Deco Boudoir

Roku adjusted the long, black gloves over her elbows and looked down at Minster Olev, all tied up to the four poster bed. Roku was wearing a black bra and matching panties; a garter belt holding up sheer, black stocking; tall heels and the long gloves; every bit the woman from Pelli's magazines. Minster Olev was naked on the bed except for the ball gag in her mouth, the knee-high riding boots and the black ropes crisscrossing her pale, soft flesh. 

Roku picked up a riding crop from the foot of the bed and brought it down across the back of Minster Olev's thighs -- her feet we tired up above her to the crossbar between the posts of the bed. She let out a yelp through the confines of the gag. Roku ran a gloved hand the full length of one of the Minister's legs, and down through the exposed, open, roan softness of her jane. Pulling the lips apart with two fingers, Roku slapped gently at the Minister's clit with the end of the crop, receiving muffled moans in gratitude.

Roku dropped the crop at the end of the bed and took her time stepping into the harness of the stap-on. She could fell the Minister watching her as she tightened the buckles on, the Minister's eyes speaking volumes of expectation in their tiny movements. Roku fastened the straps tights, letting the large phallus jut up and away from her groin. It wasn't a massive dildo -- nothing like Steely Dan -- but its shape and detail more closely modeled that of a real penis. Why bother? Roku didn't fully understand, how many woman had even actually seen a real penis? Apart from Roku, that is, and she'd much rather forget. But as forbidden, contraband, illegal items went, Roku's strap-on must have topped the list. Hard rubber, black, but detailed enough that you could see imitation veins running the length of the shaft. Part of Roku was always disgusted to wear it, part of was always titillated, depending on her mood. All of her clients, at some point, demanded it... Eventually... The ropes and the stocking and the gags and the riding crops were great, but it in end what all her clients really wanted -- what they were paying for -- was a serious, hard fucking. Roku was happy to oblige, even willing to take one herself if the client was so inclined, but very few ever were.

Roku climbed up onto the bed and straddled across Minister Olev's naked body. She placed the hard, black dildo between the Minister's breasts, and pushed them together around the member. She rubbed her Jane, through the fabric of her panties, back and forth a little across the Minister's stomach, letting the dildo move back and forth between her tits, letting the black tip emerge just a little with every thrust. The Minister mumbled under her gag, and Roku reached back behind her head and slipped the gag loose.

"I-I-" Minister Olev stared to speak, but Roku didn't wait for her to finish. She leaned forward, taking her weight on one hand, and guiding the stap-on between the Minister's red, open lips. Roku thrust from her hips and forced the phallus deep into the Minister's mouth, almost gagging her on it. She pulled it out slightly, then thrust it in again. She pulled it free and slapped it playfully against the Minister's lips. The Minister obediently licked at the rubber, then took the head of the dildo back into her mouth, raising her head off the pillow to swallow in as much as possible. 

Roku jumped free of the bed and pulled on a single knot that freed, in one act, both Minister Olev's hands and feel. The Minister collapsed back, grateful as the ropes played free, the weight taken off her extremities. But Roku didn't give her time to relax. Roku put a hand on the Minister's hips and pushed her over, rolling the Minister onto her front. Without being asked, Minister Olev pulled her knees up underneath her and thrust her ass up into the air. Roku hopped up onto the bed and took up position behind the Minister, grabbing a hip in each hand. She guided the dildo, hands free, towards the Minister's blond jane, pausing as the tip touched her pink lips.

"Fuck yeah... Yeah..." the Minister moaned. Roku pushed forward slightly with her hips, pushing the dildo in a little deeper, playing with the pussy. "Yeah, fuck it... fuck it..." the Minister appealed.

The first skill Roku had learned as a whore was when to speak and when to keep quiet. Some clients liked it dirty, liked to be called names, liked to have Roku describe in detail everything she was doing. Others were all business, preferring no talking, sometimes not even asking Roku's name. Minister Olev was a talker. She liked to be reminded exactly how horrible the acts she was committing actually were. 

"Fucking slut!" Roku muttered angrily, taking the stap-on in one hand and grinding it against the Minister's clit. "Cock slut! Fucking whore... You like to swallow dicks, don't you? Get fucked like a dog?"

"Oh yeah, fuck me..." the Minister replied, dreamily.

Roku took the stap-on and slipped it a few centimeters into the Minister's jane. She moaned in approval.

"Bitch!" Roku pulled out the phallus and bent down to lick at the Minister's upturned cunt. She thrust her tongue deep into the Minister's vagina and rubbed roughly at the Minister's clit. The anticipation was beginning to drive Minister Olev crazy, she squealed like she was about to start begging.

That was Roku's queue. 

She pulled herself back up and thrust the stap-on into Minister Olev with one cruel stoke. She buried it to the hilt, grabbing the Minister's hips, not letting her retreat from it. The Minister screamed it both pain and pleasure. Roku didn't pause, thrusting in and out with the stap-on. The Minister buried her face into the pillows of the bed, muffling her moans. 

"Fucking bitch!" Roku said as she slammed the dildo hard into the Minister's jane. "Who's my bitch? I'll make you my fucking bitch, you little cock slut!" Roku kept up the dialog as she worked. "You like that? You like a hard dick? You fucking slut..."

Roku kept thrusting away at the Minister's punished pussy, pumping in and out like her body wasn't connected to any person. Having worked at Mei's now for over a month, Roku now realized that this was what women came and paid for. Sex they could get. In a Mosh or a Falling Gallery or from a wife or lover. No, women paid whores to treat them like shit, like whores themselves, like how men had supposedly treated women. There was something in a woman's psyche that need that, Roku guessed, once in awhile... To be dominated -- to be fucked stupid, by a hard dick... Anomalously. 

Roku could understand, even sympathize. She even enjoyed the sex, but the whole month had been one long frustrating experience for her. She thought an insight into the male psyche had lead her to Mei's, but the only lessons that prostitution had been able to teach her were on the subject of female psychology. Of course, she hadn't expected Dick Terrorists to just wander in off the street and demand a blow job, but she had half expected at least a hint that males were mixing amongst the underbelly of society. As it was, Roku was spending her time servicing the very kind of clientèle she had attempted to distance herself from: Ladies, Ministers and Commissariat lackeys.

That night during the party at the top of the Sentinel Tower -- after they had all returned to the observation deck from the Falling Gallery -- Minister Olev had cornered Roku alone and subtlety implied that she'd be interested in meeting Roku again, later, alone. Roku had hesitated in mentioning Mei's, concerned it'd reflect badly on Lady Aru, but she'd taken the chance and Roku's instincts had turned out correct. Minister Olev seemed aroused by the idea. Less than a week later, the Minister had showed up, down that dark back alley, asking after Roku.

She must have spread the word, around the corridors of power, because a steady stream of well connected, middle-aged woman began to pass through the doors of Mei's brothel. The Old Matron at the front desk was ecstatic. She'd known Roku would bring in business, but nothing so high-end and never so many. The Old Matron was quick to double, triple the usual hourly rates, and the women coming to see Roku happily paid it.

If Lady Aru knew about Roku's new career, she never mentioned it. Once or twice a week she sent for Roku -- a white town car appearing unannounced in front of the school. Sometimes they'd make love, just to two of them, sometimes it was group thing with a couple of the other Ober Wives. Sometimes Lady Aru was entertaining and Roku was obliged to service the powerful or well connected guests. Lady Aru liked to watch those evening, as Roku would hungrily lap a grateful jane until orgasm... On second thought, perhaps Lady Aru did understand how Roku spent her after school time... And treated her like the whore she was. 

During school hours, however, Roku tried to maintain her cover the best she could. She was doing well in class, not letting her grades slip; and despite intermittent and capricious punishment from the Matrons, was mostly well behaved. Her only act if conscious disobedience with with Pelli. Pelli and Roku had begun to carry on their relationship outside of the gym showers, as expressly forbidden by school rules.

At first, the money Roku had stolen had been an issue. Roku had readily admitted her theft, and Pelli had be understandably upset; but Roku had made, her first night working at Mei's, enough to pay back Pelli tenfold. She'd done so after algebra class and pulled Pelli aside, into an empty classroom to give her the interest. With Pelli on her back sprawled out across a Matron's desk, Roku had lifted Pelli's skirt and pulled down her white, cotton panties. She'd licked at Pelli's strawberry red jane until she came hard, rocking and twisting on the desk. It'd made them both late for their next class and they'd both had to suffer through a paddling, but it been worth every stroke. Roku could almost ignore a Matron's lascivious fingering while the taste of Pelli's cum was still on her lips.

They'd begun to sneak every stolen moment they could together. Sex in the dormitories was out, and they were restricted to mutual masturbation in The Mosh, but once or twice a day they were able to get five minutes here or there where they could be alone together. Pelli's body was already ready and Pelli was eager to please Roku in any fashion Roku desired. 

But with Pelli, Roku liked to keep things simple. Roku came to realization that she was having sex, on an average, five to six times a day. Between Mei's, Lady Aru and Pelli... Not always for the purpose of her own pleasure, perhaps, but it was a hectic schedule, all the same. Mei's might have been for money, Lady Aru might have been for the mission, but Pelli... Pelli was all for Roku. She was Roku's precious little moment, her break in the day, her selfish desire that was all for herself...

"Ride it, whore," Roku commanded, pulled out and dropping down beside Minister Olev on the bed. Roku rolled onto her back and the Minister happily straddled across Roku's groin, lowering herself tentatively down onto the stap-on. Soon she was bucking up and down and Roku grabbed a breast firmly in each hand. The Minister sighed and began to cum -- twisting her hips around on the dildo, her breath shortening to a gasp. Eventually, all spent, the Minister collapsed forward on top of Roku, panting. She kiss Roku, tenderly, and they lay there for a few minutes, the stap-on still thrust inside the Minister. Roku caressed the Minister's ample ass and down her soft thighs.

"Six hundred enough?" the Minister asked. She'd dressed and had pulled a roll of cash out of her slacks. Roku remained reclined on the bed, the black dildo still pointing out from her groin. 

"You know, for you, it's always on the house," Roku answered, smiling.

"You're so sweet..." Minster Olev counted off a wad of bills and dropped them on the end of the bed next to the riding crop. 

"Business is business," Roku said sleepily, "I've been getting a lot of visits from the Commissariat. I suspect I have you to thank..."

Minister Olev smiled, putting the final adjustments to her wardrobe, "No, not me. Lady Aru recommends you to just about everyone. She's so proud of her sweet little whore..."

"Lady Aru?" Roku said, surprised, sitting up. 

"Oh yes, you're all she can talk about. Her perfect little plaything. I think she's proud of her discovery." The Minister started toward the door.

Discovery?

"Next week, then?" the Minister said back over her shoulder, at the door, "should I make an appointment?" she chuckled.

"The door is always open, Minister," Roku laid back down on the bed, smiled kittenishly and hugging at a pillow in her arms.

With the Minister gone, Roku had no other clients waiting; she removed her gloves, her heels and the stap-on, wrapped a dressing gown around herself and made her way downstairs; down a back staircase to a small room the girls used as a break-room. There was a small kitchenette in the corner with a refrigerator and an old couch up against a wall, facing a vidscreen. Ciki sat, also in a dressing gown, at a small plastic dinette set, reading a reactive newspaper -- the gossip section. She glanced up with a smile as Roku entered the room, then returned to her paper.

Ven, the heavy-set, large breasted whore, was sitting on the couch, with a breast pump to each of her exposed nipples. She was transfixed by the vidscreen, showing some ultra-violent Dick and Jane War movie, letting the pumps suck lazily away at her breasts. Ven was a specialty service, for the fetishists -- the calfers. For a fee, you could suck milk directly from her breasts. High rent stuff, but it took an awful lot of stimulation to keep Vens milk flowing. When she wasn't working, she kept the pumps attached to her nipples. How anyone could find that erotic, Roku didn't understand -- looking at Ven sitting there with the machine pumping away at her breasts, but it wasn't for Roku to understand. 

At Ven's feet, on the floor, also watching the vid, sat Luci and Lessi, the dizgotic wives. They were still dressed in their matching rubber nurses' outfits, both smoking cigarettes and sharing an ashtray resting on the floor between them. They were another specialty service: two woman of an identical genetic template that you could rent for a threesome. 

It was uncommon in day-to-day life to run into anyone else sharing your genetic template; even more uncommon for two women of identical genes to meet up and marry, but it wasn't totally unheard of. Luci and Lessi were such a pair and the allure of the fantasy was obvious. It was a fetish Roku could more easily understand, but in the harsh white light of the break-room's florescent bulb, there was nothing alluring about their chafing, red flesh hiding under the rubber costumes. They looked sweaty and pale and Roku was glad her customers preferred lace... It breathed much better.

Roku made herself an instant coffee at the counter, then sat down at the dinette next to Ciki. For a few seconds she watch the movie that had Ven, Luci and Lessi so transfixed. There was a space battle going on. Dick pilots were bombing earthbound targets. Heroic Jane pilots were flying out to intercept them. The special effects weren't very good. The computer animated space fighters looked dinky, and the cutaways to the pilots were obviously on a sound stage. Still, the Janes were winning, valiantly fighting off wave after wave of snarling, vicious men. The women playing the guy parts looked stupid in their glued on beards, with their breasts taped down. Roku thought about that night with the Nanpa Girls and shuddered. If people only knew how hard it was to actually spot a male...

"The Minister again?" Ciki asked out of the blue, not looking up from her paper.

"What?" Roku turned away from the movie. "Oh, yes. Twice this week."

"What's the old bitch charging those government types, anyway?" Ciki tapped her newspaper with a finger and it scrolled to the next page.

"Six hundred, today," Roku tried reading Ciki's newspaper upside down, got three words into it, then gave up.

"Fuck!" Ciki looked up. "For one trick?"

"Yep." Roku sipped at her coffee.

"You've got to start getting some threesomes going. It takes me all night to make that much."

"They all just want to get dicked," Roku said over her cup, "no one's asked to get it in two holes at once."

"Maybe you should start suggesting it?" Ciki said hopefully.

"Maybe..." Roku shrugged, then asked, "Business not so brisk?"

"Business is fine," Ciki returned to her paper, "but six hundred a trick... Nice work if you can get it," Ciki sighed.

"Or give it," Roku replied, "as the case my be."