 15. H-Hour

Roku stopped at a pay phone north of the river, calling the number she had for the Hatchette cleaners. This time, she didn't wait around for the paramedics or the evidence technicians. She drove back to St. Juliet's and slipped through a back door into the dormitories. She collapsed, still fully clothed, into her bunk and fell rapidly asleep. 

She expected, the next day, for Lt. Zee to call or visit, for the debrief; but the day passed like any other. There was nothing on the vidcast news about the fire or the gun battle, nothing in the reactive papers, but that was to be expected. The Commissariat wouldn't want to panic the public. But Roku still expected a debrief; if nothing else, a pat on the back and an acknowledgement of a job well done. But no call came, Lt. Zee's VTOL never showed up over the sports fields beside the school. Roku kept filing her reports daily and perusing whatever leads she could muster on more Dick activity, but no more orders came down from Command. 

In fact, it wasn't until the news broke that First Commissar Es had died, that Roku heard from Lt. Zee. 

It was three weeks after Roku's battle at Moll Flanders. The solemn face of the news anchor on channel 132 had broken in to the regularly scheduled program, informing the world that First Commissar Es had passed away, peacefully, in her sleep. Roku had been in the dorms when she first heard the news -- the girls gathered around the vidscreen. The news seemed to hit everyone but Roku very hard. Many girls broke down into tears. Perhaps because Roku was aware of Lady Es' true age, the news didn't hit her quite as severely, but she had to remind herself that most of the public thought of Lady Es as a young woman. Still, it was tragic news. The mother of the Great Society had died. Who would replace her? Who could possible ever fill the shoes of Lady Es?

Roku knew.

That night, Roku had taken the trolley to the brothel, as usual. She was planning to give it up -- the whoring -- since it'd completely failed in every way to smoke out any sex starved males; but she had a small list of powerful, regular customers that she needed to keep serving, and she didn't want to raise suspicions by simpling hanging them out to dry. It'd be a quiet night, she knew, what with the horrible news. She could imagine the whole universe, right then, being turned upside down for the occupants of Sentinel Tower. They'd have little time to sneak off to the south-side for a little jane.

Roku had just arrived in her room, and was just begun to change her clothes, when Lt. Zee stepped in to the room.

Roku was bare chested when she turned to face Lt. Zee. Roku began to speak, but the look of pained consternation on Lt. Zee's face made her pause. Lt. Zee stepped forward and roughly planned a kiss on Roku's lips. Her arms wrapped around Roku's middle and pulled her in close. Her tongue thrust between Roku's lips before Roku realized what was happening. She uncomfortably began to return Lt. Zee's kiss, welcoming the advance, but she still socked and surprised by it.

Lt. Zee broken her mouth away and pushed Roku hard down onto the bed. Her eyes burned with lust, looking over the length of Roku's lithe body. She fumbled frantically at the buttons of her dress blouse, untucking it from her skirt. They were going to fuck, Roku realized, shocked. Where was this coming from? Lt. Zee had her blouse open now, relieving her large, soft breasts packed up inside her bra. Roku unbuttoned her cutoffs and slipped them down her legs, kicking them off the bed. She was totally naked now and lay back with her knees up, legs wide. Lt. Zee was looking down at Roku's jane as she unsnapped her bra. She pulled it off and her breasts swung free.

Topless, Lt. Zee dropped forward and planned her mouth squarely in the center of Roku's jane. Her tongue circled then thrust inside. She pushed Roku's thighs further apart and lapped ravenously. Roku moaned as teeth found her clitoris and playfully bit at it. Fingers were probing and Roku ran her hands through Zee's long, dark hair. 

Suddenly, Lt. Zee was up, kissing Roku's lips again. Frantic hands were pulling at her skirt. Roku bit at Zee's lower lip and helped her off with her clothes -- skirt and panties. Then Zee was crawling up over Roku, her knees by Roku's ears. She lowered the pinkness of her jane's lips down onto Roku's mouth, and Roku licked them dutifully. Lt. Zee squirmed back and forth, side to side on Roku's moving tongue. Her breath began to labor as she was approaching a climax. 

Just before the moment of truth, she climbed free of Roku's tongue and scissored herself between Roku's legs. Jane to jane, she began to grind her hips into Roku. Clits rubbed against clits. They tribbed like that for less than a minute before Lt. Zee's orgasm erupted. She fell back onto the bed, keeping their legs scissored together, holding them there. Roku bucked her hips a little, she was still a long way off from being done, but Lt. Zee didn't respond. And then, as frantically as she'd gotten undressed, Lt. Zee was up putting her clothes back on again.

"I-" Roku said, still laying back on the bed. She slid her hand between her legs, showing the Lieutenant that she still needed her. Lt. Zee didn't bother with her underwear. She had her skirt back on, shoes, and she finished buttoning up her blouse. She didn't look at Roku, she just gathered up her bra and panties and was out the door. 

Roku was left there all alone. 

That should have at least cost her one hundred and fifty, Roku smiled. Wll, there was nothing else for Roku to do... She circled her clit with her fingers and lay there frigging at her own jane. Lt. Zee's taste was still on her lips and it didn't take many minutes before Roku was done. 

She lay there naked, not bothering to get up, looking at the door Lt. Zee had come in and gone out of. What the hell was that about? Roku wondered. Something about the whole thing sat heavy in Roku's chest. Somehow, she got the feeling she'd never be seeing Lt. Zee again...