 16. The Holy Matron

The next day, Pelli and Roku stole a few minutes together between Algebra and Geometry. 

They found an empty Social Studies classroom and sneaked in without drawing too much attention. Pelli was instantly locked to Roku's lips the second they stepped through the door. They had so few of these moments together, alone... They dared not fool around in the dormitories, and The Mosh... Well, The Mosh as was The Mosh....

"I want to eat your jane on the Matron's desk," Roku said to Pelli though their locked lips. Pelli let out a small squeal of excitement, and they move as a duo across the classroom floor. At the desk, Roku lifted Pelli up and sat her down. She reached under Pelli's short, plaid skirt and pulled down her white panties, exposing the fiery redness of her jane. Roku put two fingers in Pelli's mouth and let her suck on them; then, pulling them out, she massaged Pelli's clit with them, circling. 

"I love you," Pelli said, with a satisfied moan.

"I love you, too," Roku replied as she crouched before her. It'd only been the last few weeks that they'd started to say that to each other. If it was true or not, Roku didn't care, it added that little extra bit of something to the sex. Roku buried her face heedlessly into Pelli's warm, wet pussy, flicking her tongue. 

Then the handle of the door turned.

Roku's Hatchette hearing heard it first, but she was still only able to raise to her feet before the door swung open. Pelli didn't have time to fully close her legs, and as the Matron stepped into the classroom, she would have gotten a good solid flash of pubic hair.

There was no hiding what they'd been up to.

The Matron closed the door behind her, acting like nothing was out of the ordinary – not even indicating that she'd seen the two girls. She had a tablet in her hand, and as she crossed the classroom towards her desk, she tapped at its screen. She stepped up to Roku and Pelli, dropped the tablet on the desk behind Pelli's rear, and looked at them for the first time.

"Having fun, ladies?" she said with a lizard grin.

"We were just-" Pelli started, but the Matron reached out with her hands. One to each of Pelli's knees, and she pulled her legs apart. The Matron looked down approvingly at Pelli's exposed jane.

"Oh, I know what you two were just doing..." the Matron reached out with a finger and slipped it gently inside Pelli. Pelli gasped and wiggled uncomfortably on the desk. The finger was joined by another and a thumb pushed hard up against Pelli's clitoris. "Do you like that?" the Matron asked. Pelli moaned and nodded. Then to Roku, "Do you like to watch – watch me finger her?" 

Roku didn't answer, just watched the fingers work.

"Let me see yours," the Matron commanded. Roku knew better than to argue. She reached under her skirt and pulled down her panties. They fell to the floor and she held the front of her skirt up so the Matron could see the black hair of her jane.

The fingers came out of Pelli and came up to Roku's mouth, slipping between her lips. Roku sucked on them, fixing her stare squarely at the Matron. The Matron was loving it, Roku could see, but there was something else in her expression behind that pancake makeup – a wild abandon. The Matron's were perverts, sure, molesting bitches; but there was always a certain self restraint behind their actions. They aways acted to hide their indirections. They were, at least on some level, ashamed of what they did. But that look in this Matron's face... It told Roku that, right then, all bets were off. Something inside the Matron had changed.

"Tasty?" the Matron asked, and Roku nodded. She pulled out her fingers and reached down to the hem of her own dress. "Lets try this one..." she said, pulling up the folds of her black gown. White aged thighs appeared and a pair of cleanly shaved pussy lips. With one hand holding the dress up, the Matron began fingering her own jane, spreading her legs slightly to ease access. 

She masturbated herself for almost a minute, thrusting fingers deep into her vagina, wetting them the best she could. Pelli and Roku watched on in silence. It was quite a show. When the fingers emerged they came up to Roku's mouth and the Matron fed them to her. Roku sucked. They tasted bitter, like all cum.

"You naughty little sluts!" the Matron suddenly scolded. She dropped her dress, pulled her fingers from Roku's mouth and slapped Roku's cheek with the same hand. She struck Roku again, and a third time, then slapped Pelli across the mouth. Roku didn't flinch by Pelli cried in pain.

"Fucking sluts!" The Matron almost screamed. She pulled Pelli off of the desk and spun her around, bending her forward over the desk. She grabbed Roku by the hair and pushed her into position next to Pelli. Then the Matron was searching through her desk, finding her strap.

She's had a psychotic break, Roku fretted. It had only been one day since the death of Lady Es... Was this how the Matron's – only half sane on a good day – were handling the news? Roku worried. If she was unhinged, there was no telling how far she would go. If Roku had to break the Matron's neck to save Pelli from a savage beating – well, that'd do her cover no end of good...

The strap came down across Roku's exposed buttocks; but in a way that wasn't sensual – intended for the Matron's pleasure. This was a real spanking. Half a dozen lashes and then she stuck at Pelli. Pelli only took two and collapsed at the knees, sobbing in pain. The Matron picked Pelli up and gave her two more. Pelli was balling and turning a bright shade of red. 

The Matron returned to Roku and struck her a few more times. Unsatisfied, she pulled Roku up by the hair, and tore open her shirt, sending buttons bouncing off across the classroom floor. The strap came down hard across Roku's exposed breasts, leaving long red welts. Roku didn't flinch. Two, three more, one right across the tip of her nipples. Pelli lay beside the Matron's desk, sobbing into her hands. Roku fixed the Matron was a steady stare. Furious now, the Matron brought back the strap and lashed Roku square across the face. Roku's head recoiled from power of the blow, but she quickly brought her face back, unemotional.

The Matron threw the strap angrily onto the desk. She reached down and roughly pulled Pelli up off the floor. With her other hand on Roku's shoulder, she lead them both towards the door.

"To the Head Matron with you two," she said, seething through clenched teeth. 

She lead Pelli and Roku through the halls, making no attempt to hide exposed breasts or bare asses poking out from under skirts. Pelli balled all the way. Roku was silent. 

At the door of the Head Matron's officer, the Matron pushed Roku and Pell in, not bothering to knock. The Head Matron was sitting behind her desk, working away at a tablet. She looked up with only slight curiosity as the other Matron pushed Roku and Pelli, half naked, down into the two chairs set in front of her desk.

"Two students for disciplinary action," the Matron said, breathing heavy.

"The offense?" the Head Matron asked, not looking up from the tablet.

"Inappropriate physical contact," The Matron answered, standing behind Pelli and Roku, a hand on a shoulder of each one.

"Oh, dear..." the Head Matron looked up from her screen for the first time; looking at Roku over the top of her eye glasses. "Just now?" she asked the Matron.

"Yes, in my classroom," the Matron seethed.

"Roku, isn't it?" the Head Matron asked, putting the tablet down.

"Yes, ma'am," Roku answered, keeping her eyes lowered.

"And this girl," the Head Matron turned her head to examine Pelli, "I don't know you..."

"Pelli, ma'am," answered Pelli through intermittent sobs.

"Yes, I don't know you..." the Head Matron repeated. "You, Roku... We'll start with you," she said, standing. She opened a drawer in her desk and rummaged around for something. Great, my lashes, Roku thought.

The Matron behind Roku grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her up out of the chair. Roku didn't resist, she leaned forward, putting her elbows on the desk, and presenting her posterior for punishment. The Matron pulled up the short skirt and slapped a buttock with her palm. The Head Matron was circling around the desk. 

"There were are," she said, but no strap landed. Instead, there was a small sting to her left buttock. A lash she could have taken, but this... Roku pushed up off the desk and spun to face the Head Matron. In an instant, Roku's worst fears were confirmed. The Head Matron had not been searching around in her desk for a strap, no, she'd take a hypodermic out of the drawer. She stood there holding the needle up, examining it. It was empty.

Roku attempted to step forward; wrap her hands around the neck of the Head Matron and throttle her; but whatever she'd been injected with began to take effect. Roku's legs buckled under her, and if a Matron hadn't caught her, she'd have collapsed to the floor. 

The Matron dropped Roku heavily into a chair. Roku's body was rapidly going numb. From head to toe, all the feeling was draining out of her. The Matron let go of Roku and she began to slouch sideways, falling out of the chair. Again, she picked up Roku and set her down, balancing her on the chair so Roku would stay limply positioned in her seat.

Pelli sat rooted to her chair. She'd stopped crying and could do nothing but look on in horror.

"This is the one the Commissar wanted?" the Matron asked the Head Matron, looking into Roku's sleepy eyes. Roku's head was getting fuzzy, it sounded like they were a long way off, talking in a tunnel.

"Yes. Roku," the Head Matron confirmed.

"And the other one?" the Matron indicated Pelli.

"She'll have to stay here," the Head Matron said, she was circling back around her desk, dropping the hypodermic back in the drawer.

"You mean return her to class?" the Matron asked in surprise.

"Oh no, she'll have to stay with us – with the Order of Matrons..." the Head Matron replied. Roku's vision was beginning to blur, she could only half make out the moving figures. "She'll be our newest novice..." the Head Matron continued. 

The other Matron let out low cackle. 

"She'll we begin initiating here now?" The Head Matron said and joined the cackling.

Roku was loosing consciousness. She was just aware of the Matron grabbing Pelli by the hair and throwing her forward across the Head Matron's desk. Then hands were tearing at Pelli's clothes – dozens it seemed, hundreds. Hands, forcefully gabbing at Pelli's small breasts, pulling her legs apart, fingering...

Roku's ears filled with nothing but the long, sustained, piecing sound of Pelli's pained scream. Then the world went black.