 Hathor lead Re to the back his desk. She pushed him against it and pushed him at a slight angle. He looked at her and grinned. She smiled; this was her signal to have his way with her. She was giving him control, but he was unable or unwilling to follow though. 

It turned out that Hathor truly had dominance over him. She turned around rubbing her ass in his crouch, then she lifted up his robes and slide down his pants. Then she took out his soft cock, which was slowly becoming erect and rubbed it against her ass. 

"Would you like to put that someplace, sweetie?" she begged. 

Re let out a feeble "yes" and rolled his eyes in the back of his head in pleasure. Then Hathor used his body as a slide, and slowly moved down on him, pressing very close to him. Then she stopped when his now very hard cock was in-between her breasts. Then she took it in her hands and began to play with it in-between her breasts. Moving it up and down slowly. She took her free hand and began to play with herself. Re looked down at her as she did this. 

"If you are not going to please me, I will have to do it myself, sweetie" she said with a malevolent grin on her face.

"Are you trying to bribe me, Hathor?" Re said in a feeble protest.

"No, of course not." she said as her mouth inhale his cock. She came back up and then proceeded to take all of him down her throat. As she came back up she tried to talk, while letting her lips vibrate on his throbbing cock.

"I... am... interested... in... how... you... will... let... the... strongest... take... over... the... throne." then she let her head sink down again. She took her tongue and used it as a slide and took it all the way down. She came back up and smiled again. "I think a contest should decide who should be the winner. A game of dom... inance.."

"Uhhh huh" he muttered. She took her free fingers and ran one on the surface of her clit, while the other went deep inside of her rolling around. She pulled her head back and slammed it down again, though taking her time as she sucked on him. She pulled out again. Re's hands were gripping the ancient ironwood desk, digging in to the hard wood. He arched his back and sweat poured down his face. 

Hathor looked up and said sweetly "Are you not enjoying this?"

Re again let out a feeble yes. 

"As much as I want to drain your cock in the back of my throat, I want something else... something deep inside of me" she grinned malevolently. She pushed all the items located on the desk on to the floor. She then pushed him on to the table and forced him to lay down on it. She licked her lips and then climbed on top of him. The she took his cock, it was at the point of bursting, but she was going to make him wait for it just a bit longer. She aimed his cock towards her warm pussy and slowly inserted it in. She let out a satisfied moan, as she took her hand and placed it at the base. Her cunt just barely cleared the head and she looked down at him and bite her lower lip. 

"Now, place your hands on my breasts and play with them." she ordered. He then took both of his hands and started to roll them across her breasts. They were soft and, to his delight, they were already pre-oiled. She then move down a bit lower on his cock, but still gripping it tightly. "Ready to get fucked without anyone moving?" she said. He looked up at her with a questioning look. Then she removed her hand and held it out. White energy formed around it, as if charging up. Then she took her other hand and held it out, while it started to glow with red energy. His eyes got wide in anticipation. 

"I have heard of this," he muttered, "but isn't this used for healing purposes?" 

She laughed and cupped her hands together and the energy spheres went to a soft pink. Hathor took the sphere and placed it in her right hand, and slowly moved it on his cock. The electricity shot though his body. Endorphins shot up and down his body in a wave of pleasure. 

"It has other uses, other then healing" Then she slide a little deeper on his cock. 

It was like a stronger rush then before. The rush of pleasure washed over him like a wave against a soft sandy beach. Then she leaned over and moved her free hand under his back. He did not protest, nor could he. His hands were still on her breasts, and it took all his might to keep them there. 

"You can pinch them if you like, my lover." 

He did and pinched them hard, trying desperately to keep his hands up them. Hathor let out a moan of pleasure, and she moved her hips around his cock. Then as she did this, she picked up pace wiggling around in rhythm to his breathing. He arched his back trying to force his cock in deeper, but she would not let him, using her hand and knees to keep this from happening. He was starting to lose his mind. He was being brought close to cumming, but she would deny it to him every time. He let out a low growl and reached up, throwing his arms on her shoulders and tried to force her down. She could not help but smile, this is what she wanted, to turn him into a raving animal and be taken hard and fast. She moved her hand from around his cock and she slammed him into her as hard as she could. He moved his hands to her hips and used them to guide her while he moved as deep into her as he could. She smile again with an evil grin and threw her hands up into the air and removed her bun, letting her hair fall down. She moved up and down with long thrusts on to his throbbing cock, while he gave short little thrusts to get into her. Her hands were messing up her hair as she threw it around wildly. The entire time he was unable to fully penetrate her.

"Make me cum Re, baby, make me cum hard. By the Gods I need this" she begged. But in reality he was begging desperately and she could hear it. Then she took her hands off her hips and forced them down as she pinned his arms down. She slide down all the way on his cock and sat there. He was foaming at the mouth and his breathing was heavy. She knew neither of them could take anymore. So she decided to let him have it, but she didn't move. She tightened up her inner muscles then relaxed them forming a tight seal on his cock. Then she relaxed them, and sped this process up. In a wave like pattern she vibrated the inner walls of her cunt on his cock. At this point the only thing he could do was let himself go. At that point Re started to see stars, and let out a loud moan as his cock burst deep inside of her. 

"MORE!" she begged as she picked up the pace. He shot deep inside of her, making the cum dribble out and onto their bodies. She picked up the tempo to an almost fevered pitch. 

"No, please that is enough." Re begged. He was past his breaking point. His cock was going into sensory overload.

Hathor slowed down "So are we going to have our game of dominance, baby?"

"YES!!!" Re yelled.

"Mmmmmm good" Hathor stopped and pulled herself off of him. She gave a sweep of her arms and she again was covered in jewelry she was wearing earlier in the courtroom. Her hair was up again in the tight bun with the single ruby red curl trickling down her neck. Her tight white skirt flowed off her hips like a tulip, while gold and lapis beads covered her breasts. As she turned around the necklaces and bells jingled. Her ass swayed as she swayed out of the room. As she closed the door, she took time to wipe the precum off of her lips. Looking around to see if no one was around she jumped back as she saw a young woman standing there. She had black hair that sat just below her jaw line and wore clothes and jewelry of royalty. As she turned her head, the gold and platinum headband twinkled in the ever-burning torchlight. 

"Oh Basset. It's only you." she had a slightly satisfied grin on her face. "Looking to talk to the judge? I have already had words with him. You are too late."

"Don't worry Hathor, I want to make absolutely sure that my dear little brother takes the throne instead of Uncle."

"Oh I have already take care of that." Hathor snapped back.

"I need to be 100% sure." and Basset walked on, despite Hathor's protest. Her silent guard followed behind her, who wasn't there a second ago. Hathor merely looked at the closed door and pouted.