 I felt myself drifting further into the mirror world. Kelly pulled hard saying "I love you! She only wants you to play with! Come back! Please? I don't want to lose you!

I had two women fighting over me! What do I do?

Both women were tugging at me, the ghost getting the better of it. Until she momentarily let go. Kelly, trying to maintain her balance reached out. The ghost grabbed her and pulled her into the mirror, leaving me alone in the attic.

Kelly was so surprised and the spirit so quick, that she was unable to comprehend what had happened until it was too late. Once inside the mirror, Kelly could not find a way out. In a panic, she asked, "Why did you take me? I thought you wanted him!"

In a quiet, soothing voice, the spirit assured her that he was just a vehicle to get the two women together. Helping her stand, Letitia walked around Kelly, admiring what she saw. "It's you that I really wanted!" she assured Kelly, as she advanced toward the frightened female. "I need the touch of a warm, willing female. And my master wants you too!"

Kelly, too scared to move, allowed the ghost to unbutton her blouse and unsnap her bra, and caress her breasts. Moving behind her, the ghost cupped her small but full breasts, gently rubbing her thumbs across Kelly's awakening nipples. "They are beautiful! May I kiss them?" As Kelly stood inert, the spirit took her silence as assent, and, moving to face her, lowered her full lips to Kelly's exposed nipples. Kelly moaned as her nipples responded to the expert touch of tongue, lips, and fingers to her sensitive areola's. "You like this, don't you?" she whispered.

"Yes!" Kelly sighed, reveling in the wonderful sensations this sexual spirit was awakening in her.

"Better than your husband's touch?"

"Yes!" she replied, "But in a different way."

"More sensual than sexual?" the spirit asked as her hands went to unsnap Kelly's jeans.

"Yes!.... No!...I don't know!" Kelly stammered as her denims dropped past her knees. Almost as if she were on auto-pilot she stepped out of the pants, allowing the spirit to move behind her again. She placed her hands over those of her ghostly lover guiding one to her breast and the other to her panty covered mound. The spirits hand slid under the fabric, combing through Kelly's dark bush, sliding her middle finger into the valley between Kelly's pussy lips. "Oh! God! Don't stop!" she moaned, spreading her legs to allow more and deeper access to her ever moistening sex. She felt the finger curl and slide up inside her, rubbing against her g-spot. She pushed her hips forward against the palm of her lovers invading hand. She pinched her free nipple as the ghost rolled her other one between thumb and forefinger, losing herself to the gentle touch of her expert partner. "What do I call you? I don't even know your name." she blurted out before the primal urges pushed the thought from her brain.

"I am called Letitia." she replied as she insinuated a second finger into the warm wetness of Kelly's crotch.

"Oh God, Letitia, that feels so good!" Kelly moaned as Letitia pushed her to the ground.

"I need to taste you Kelly" she said, pushing her face into Kelly's wetness. "and I'd like you to taste me as well." Letitia lowered her herself over Kelly's face, opening the folds of her own sex, allowing greater, deeper access to her glistening pussy.

Kelly felt Letitia's tongue as it pushed its way in among the folds of her vaginal opening. Losing herself to the mounting feelings emanating from her crotch, she, too, extended her tongue, tentatively licking the droplets of musk from Letitia's cunt. Both women delved deeper, moaning from the touch of the other. Letitia pulled her tongue from Kelly's wetness replacing it with two fingers. She then planted a kiss on Kelly's exposed clit, sucking gently on it, moaning as she did so. The vibrations of Letitia's lips sent Kelly over the edge and she screamed in orgasm as her cunt oscillated on her lover's fingers. 

As it subsided, Kelly felt more of Letitia's hand as it pushed inside. "What are you doing?" she asked, unable to see, only feel what was being done, and unable to imagine that two fingers could feel so good. Suddenly the good feelings turned to slight discomfort as Kelly felt more and more of Letitia's hand as it pushed slowly, deeply inside.

"I am preparing you for greater things, my dear." the spirit said, shoving her fist past Kelly's opening. Flexing her fingers, Letitia scratched the spongy flesh of Kelly's g-spot, Returning Kelly to a state of wanton sexual need.

"Preparing me for what?" she managed to say between lust-filled groans.

"Preparing you for me" said a deep, obviously male voice.

Kelly looked up between the cheeks of Letitia's ass, seeing something that her eyes were not prepared for. Above both girls was a tall, very good looking, well chiseled man. Or was it? He had two ram's horns growing out of his head, and extending from his crotch was a phallus close to a foot in length, as thick as her wrist, and crowned by a small apple sized, deep dark pink head. Most surprising of all was his legs. They were covered with thick fur, and instead of feet he walked on two cloven hooves.

"She is ready for you, father." Letitia spoke reverently as she rose from her prone position.

"You have done well! I will reward you for your service. Now, hold her in place" he said.

He knelt down between Kelly's still spread legs and rubbed his monster cock against her moist opening, and slowly insinuated his cock into the woman's sex. Letitia held Kelly's arms out to the side, allowing her pendulous breasts to dangle in the brunette's face.

Kelly felt the invasion of her womb with pleasure and discomfort. She could feel him slowly stretch her as he filled her with his veiny tool. He was so large, yet so filling. His cock rubbed every inch of the interior walls of her cunt and every time their hips met his heat sent electric shocks against her fully aroused clit. She watched as this man-beast thrust his long pointed tongue in and out of Letitia's face and she moaned her thanks. Kelly did not understand why until the man-beast leaned in and kissed her in the same fashion. As his full sensual lips met hers, an electric current went through her body. She was orgasming from his kiss! When his tongue invaded her mouth, the feelings intensified, almost to the point of pain. He placed his palms onto her taut nipples. The assault on her nerve endings became too much and Kelly screamed into the man's mouth as her body racked itself in the throes of a monumental orgasm.

Feeling his victim's cunt walls contract on his pony sized member, the man roared as his balls contracted and he pumped great gobs of his hot sperm deep into the cloying vagina of the woman beneath him.

He rose, his penis still dripping sperm. Letitia asked if she were allowed to drink his seed. "That is your reward!" he answered as she licked the combined juices of her father and his victim, starting at his scrotum and moving slowly to the head. Opening wide she drank from his piss slit greedily.

When she was done cleaning him off, she turned to Kelly, kissing her, sharing the warm white liquid. Kelly responded, sucking the viscous liquid from her partner's lips and chin. The heat and touch of the warm white creamy sauce sent her into yet another orgasm. Breaking the kiss, Letitia smiled as she saw the mini orgasm sweep over Kelly's face and sweat sheened body. "I think they have found the egg, father!" she said as the man-beast made to leave. Almost involuntarily, Kelly swept up a handful of the semen pooled between her legs and rubbed it gently over her belly, anointing herself with the unholy liquid. Again, the touch of his demon seed on her skin sent another shiver through her body.

"Make her comfortable." he said, sternly.

"Yes father." she replied as she too rubbed the liquid on her victim's breasts.

Before leaving the two women, he added, " I want nothing to jeopardize her pregnancy. You are to do her bidding! Anything she wants! But she must not leave here!"