 Synopsis: A girl makes a bet with her friends to prove she's not afraid of an old haunted house. Once she's inside, however, she realizes exactly why everyone says it's haunted, but maybe it's not as bad as she thought.

This story contains graphic descriptions of sexual acts, including masturbation, some non-consensual scenes involving floating kitchen tools and a possessed shop-vac, plus many female-female incidents. If this sort of material is offensive to you in any way, or if you are not of the legal age of consent, do not read any further. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

"NO, I DON'T WANNA GO IN THERE!" I yell out to them.

"YOU HAVE TO, HEATHER! YOU MADE A BET!" they shout back to me.

I am currently standing outside of the McCroy house, a house that everyone thinks is haunted, even me. I turn around and look up at the house, noticing for the hundredth time its spooky atmosphere. I don't wanna go inside, but I bet all my friends that I could spend two nights and a day in there. Sadly, tonight's the first night. Now I'm pretty much being forced into the house by my friends who will seal the door with some screws until morning on the day after tomorrow.

I don't know why I said I could do this. I'm 18 years old, I have better things to do than trying to impress my friends. I walk closer to the door, my friends all walk up behind me with the cordless power screwdriver. I feel the wind blow over my face, an eerie chill rushes up my spine.

"Well, here I go," I say to myself.

I walk up to the door and reach for the knob, which looks to be a bit rusted. I'm not surprised considering no one's lived here for years. I heard the house used to be painted white, but all of the paint has chipped off and the natural wood underneath may have had termites feasting on it. I turn the knob and push. It takes a bit of force, but the door opens.

I walk inside, looking around at the dark interior. I see nothing but a hallway to begin with, but I see doors that are the same color as the hallway, so they blend in. Between two of the doors, I see a lone dresser with nothing on top of it. The middle drawer is pulled out slightly and I notice that the drawer is empty inside. I walk further inside and I look behind the door, noticing a set of stairs on the other wall leading up to a second floor.

I look down the hall again and walk forward a bit more. I see something at the end of the hallway, and I have to squint my eyes to see it. There is a large door at the end of the hall, probably leading to the main part of the house. I walk forward some more, and I hear a loud noise.

SLAM!!!

I turn around, frightened out of my mind, and I realize that the door is shut. I shriek and run to the door, trying hard to turn the knob.

It will not budge. One of my friends is grasping it from the other side, preventing me from escaping.

Suddenly, I hear the whirring of the power screwdriver and the door rattling. I pound on the door and I hear them screwing in a few more screws. When they're done, I hear one of them talking to me.

"Don't worry, Heather, we'll come back in a couple of days and let you out!" she tells me.

My eyes begin to water, and I know I will not be able to do this. I scream out to them.

"NO, DON'T LEAVE ME IN HERE!!! I CAN'T DO THIS!!! I WANNA LEAVE!!! GET ME OUTTA HERE!!!"

I just hear them laughing and the sounds of them fade away. I turn around and press my back up against the door, sliding down to the ground, crying.

Stuck inside a haunted house for 36 hours. I'm such an idiot.

I stay on the ground for a few minutes until I stop crying, then I stand up and look around. Let's see. It's a haunted house, with no one inside. This shouldn't be that scary. I walk down the hall, curiosity possessing me to see what is at the end of the hallway, what is behind the large door that I saw earlier. In a short time, I walk up in front of the door.

It looks red with gold trim. It looks brand new, out of place in this abandoned house. I wrap my hand around the handle and push it down, pushing forward. The door is heavy, but it swings open as if it is lighter than air. Behind the door is a gigantic dining room, magnificently decorated with a 17th-century feel to it.

Like a Victorian house with a rich owner.

I walk inside the dining room, looking at the table arranged with fine china and a few porcelain dishes scattered along it. The table is already set for company and I feel a butler could arrive at any minute to serve me.

Suddenly, the door closes behind me.

I turn around and run back to the door, my frightened feelings from earlier all coming back to me at once. I pound against the door and grab the handle, pushing it down and pulling hard.

I almost fall backwards from the door swinging open so fast.

I look at the door again and my eye catches a glimpse of the spring on the hinges of the door. I sigh with huge relief at knowing the door is not haunted.

I step back from the door again, letting it swing itself shut again from the spring and I smile.

Maybe this house isn't haunted after all.

I turn around and walk up to the table, looking around at the golden forks and spoons sitting perfectly next to the plates. I look around the dining room and see another door near the corner of the room. I guess it must lead to the kitchen. I walk over to it and turn the knob, pulling it open.

Bingo!

I walk inside the kitchen and pull the door shut behind me. The floor is made of white tile and it is polished to a very shiny finish. The marble counters are flawless and the sink looks like it is made of silver. The sink even has one of those pull-out hand-held faucets! I walk over to the fridge, but I know there will be nothing good inside. Any food that was in here had to be expired by now.

I open the door and find a ton of food, all fresh and it all looks like it was made right before I got here. I close the fridge (I'm not hungry, I just wanted to check) and walk back through the doors I came in through, back into the dark and dreary hallway.

I want to see where all the doors go.

I walk over to a door I saw as soon as I walked inside, the one right next to the front door. I turn the handle and push it open, walking inside.

Behind that door is a beautifully built bathroom. Very convenient, but I'll check it out later.

I walk to the next door and open it up.

Nothing but a tiny closet with a broom, dustpan, and vacuum inside.

Next door, and I peek my head in to see what's behind it.

A bedroom, and it looks astounding! I walk inside.

The bed is a king-size, covered in white silk and at least twenty-something pillows against the headboard. On one wall is a wide dresser with a giant mirror placed above it. Another wall has a grandfather clock against it with an enormous picture of a woman with her hand on her cheek. The wall opposite the bed has nothing on it, completely blank.

I look back at the clock. It is 6:38. I've only been in this house for a half hour!

I walk over to the mirror and look into it. No dust is on it at all. I admire myself in the mirror, adoring my own brown eyes and long, brown hair, tied up in a ponytail behind me. I turn around and walk up to the bed, leaning down to smell if anyone died on it.

It smells like a fresh, crisp, summer breeze.

I crawl on it and lay my head against the pile of pillows. The softness of the bed and the relaxing feel of the pillows behind me make me get drowsy and I soon fall asleep.

- - -

I wake up to a loud thud that sounds like it came from right next to me. I sit up and look around to see what that noise was. I pull the blankets off of me and sit on the side of the bed.

Wait a minute. I never covered up with a blanket. I must have done it while I was asleep.

I look over at the clock. It shows 8:10. By now, it has to be dark outside. I stand up from the bed and walk around the room, not finding anything that could have made a loud thud.

I yawn, and soon I crawl back into bed, covering up with the blanket again.

- - -

I wake up again to another loud thud. I just open my eyes and look around, not wanting to get out of bed again. The clock shows 9:03. I cannot believe I was woken up again.

But then I hear it for the third time. It sounds like it's coming from right next to the bed. I sit up and look over the side of the bed.

Nothing. Again!

I get out of bed again and walk over to the dresser. I am not going to stand for waking up throughout the night. I pull open each drawer, looking for a nightgown or a robe to sleep in. I was uncomfortable sleeping in what I wore today. Though I can't explain the thuds, I probably kept waking up because I was uncomfortable wearing my regular clothes.

I pull a long, silky nightgown from the bottom drawer and I lay it across the bed. I slip off my tennis shoes and socks, then I pull the white t-shirt I was wearing above my head and I drop it on the ground. I also reach back and undo the clasp on my light blue lacy bra and it drops to the floor as well, revealing my B-cup beauties and my pink nipples to the air.

I unsnap the button on my jeans and pull them down my legs to the floor, creating a pile of clothes next to the bed. Soon to follow are my light blue panties. I grab the nightgown from the bed and pull it over my shoulders, buttoning the only three buttons it has.

I always like to sleep with nothing but a nightgown on. It feels so comfortable, but there's just one thing strange about this whole situation.

Ever feel like someone's watching you get undressed?

It seems like I was being watched as I removed my bra and panties, but this house can't be haunted from what I saw today. I crawl back into bed, cover up, and fall asleep again.

It can't be haunted, right?

- - -

THUD!

I am tired of waking up to a thud!

I sit up again and flip the blanket off of me. Something strikes me as odd, though.

I'm naked.

I've never slept completely naked before, and I didn't have a dream where I took my nightgown off.

Now I could believe the house is haunted.

I move and sit on the side of the bed, looking around for my clothes.

I cannot find any of my clothes on the ground!

Okay, don't panic. There is a perfectly normal explanation for whatever is going on here. I just don't know what it is.

I stand up and look over at the clock again.

10:00 exactly.

I walk around the room and look for my clothes. Maybe I didn't leave them where I thought I left them.

They are nowhere to be found.

I walk over to the door and try to open it.

The knob will not turn in any direction.

I suddenly hear a voice coming from somewhere behind me.

"HEEEEELP USSSSSSSSS"

I look behind me, looking around for something, anything that I did not see before.

"HEEEEELP USSSSSSSSS"

I look around, frightened now, and then I see the mirror turn a bright, purplish color. I walk over to the mirror and look into it. The purple color fades, and I see myself in the mirror still naked, as if nothing else had changed.

Suddenly, I see something else in the mirror. A beautiful woman who is also naked is walking up behind me. When I turn around, I see nothing out of the ordinary, but as I look into the mirror, the woman gets closer and closer to me. In the mirror, I see her placing her hands on my shoulders. I can see her from the corner of my eye, I can feel her rubbing my shoulders, but as I turn my head, I again see nothing unusual.

As soon as I look back into the mirror, I see and feel her rubbing my shoulders again. Her hands travel down my arms and back up to my shoulders, massaging them and working their way to my back. She massages my back, and then her hands slip under my arms, pushing them outward. Her hands find their way to my breasts, and she rubs all around, rubbing my nipples with her fingers. I close my eyes, focusing on the feelings and not the fact that I'm being molested by a ghost.

My nipples harden as she rubs them, and I open my eyes and stare into the mirror again. I see her walk around my body, and I glimpse her red hair, red nipples, and dark green eyes. I see her in the mirror turning around to face me, but I cannot see her when I look down. I look back in the mirror and see her leaning down, taking my right nipple in her mouth. I feel her lips around my nipple. I close my eyes and feel her tongue flicking over the tip as her lips softly suck.

I feel her fingers again rubbing my left nipple, and after a few minutes they switch. Feeling her lips now on my left nipple and her fingers on my right, I start to get a little moist in my nether region. Almost on autopilot, I wrap my arms around her, feeling her soft, warm skin under my hands. I am shocked that I can do this, and I open my eyes and look down.

My arms instantly come together and I can't feel her on me like before. It's as if she vanished the second I tried to look at her.

I look back in the mirror, close my eyes, and try to do it again. My arms wrap around her body and I feel her lips and fingers on my nipples again. My own right hand drops down her body and I grab her left butt cheek, squeezing and kneading it in my hand. I have never once been attracted to a woman, but the feelings she is giving me are irresistible and I want to feel more.

She releases my nipple from her mouth, replacing it with her other hand, but I can feel her kiss me once below my breasts, then again on my belly button, then I feel her kiss my clit. I buck my hips slightly at the feeling and my legs fail under me. I drop to the floor and accidentally open my eyes. She disappears again, and I know that without a mirror, these feelings cannot continue. I stand up, wanting to look back into the mirror, but now I just want to cum. I walk over to the bed and climb on. I get under the blankets and spread my legs, sliding my right hand down my body and slipping my middle finger inside my twat, pumping it in and out a few times, feeling my own wetness swallow my finger.

I blink and notice something strange on the empty wall in front of the bed.

It's not empty anymore. It's become a giant mirror.

I sit up and flip the blankets off me, crawling over to the foot of the bed. I look in the mirror and I see it flash a purplish color. I use the mirror to look at where I was standing before and I see the woman from earlier standing there, looking into the other mirror.

"Hey!" I call out to her.

I see her in the mirror turning to look at me and she walks over to the side of the bed. I turn my head towards her like an idiot, thinking I'll see her. Of course, she's nowhere in the room until I look back into the mirror.

I see her walk in front of me and turn towards me. Strangely, I am looking through her body as if she was a spirit or something. She walks towards me even more and kneels at the foot of the bed. In the mirror, I am getting a great view of her ass and the bottom of her pussy. However, I know what she wants to do, and I want it, too.

I spread my legs and instantly feel her mouth on my pussy, her tongue stretching far into my hole, farther than humanly possible. I can feel her thumb drawing circles around my clit, rubbing it and making my pussy spasm. I close my eyes and lay back on the bed, letting her do wonderful things to me.

It is not long before I feel a rumbling inside me. I know I am about to cum soon. Suddenly I feel her shove a lubricated finger up my ass and I lose it.

My pussy quakes, my body shakes, my clit throbs, and the bed starts to rock. I feel like this orgasm is going to paralyze me or break a bone or something. It feels incredible, an orgasm stronger than I've ever had before, and it lasts for quite a while.

I keep my eyes closed after my orgasm fades, thinking she's going to give me another one.

I feel nothing.

I open my eyes and look around. The wall is blank again as if nothing ever happened. I am under the blankets again. I am also fully clothed, back in my old clothes, and the nightgown is laid across the bed just like I had it before I put it on.

Everything's back to normal.

I sit up and work my way to the side of the bed. I stand up and walk over to the door, glancing quickly at the clock as I'm walking.

5:48 in the morning.

I turn the knob and walk out into the hallway. I look around, but I don't know what I'm looking for. I know I should be tired since it's past 5:30 in the morning, but if you add it up, I slept more than my eight hours. I walk over to the kitchen again, but I hear a loud thud coming from behind me.

I'm so sick of that sound. Time to find out what it is.

I walk over to where I heard the sound, which seemed like it was coming from the closet. I lean over and place my ear against the closet door, listening for anything unusual.

THUD!!!

I stumble backwards at how loud that was in my ear. The closet is definitely where the sound was coming from. I walk over and open the closet. I look down and see something creepy.

Now I know the house is haunted.

I see an old-fashioned vacuum pointing its hose right at me. My face turns from annoyed to terrorized and I turn towards the big red door and start running. The vacuum wheels itself out of the closet and chases me down the hall. I run as fast as I can, and I get so close to the door, but then I am tripped somehow. I land on the floor and look behind me. The vacuum pulls its cord back into itself and rolls up to me. I look into the hose of the vacuum and realize that the nozzle is so small. The vacuum must be useless because the nozzle couldn't pick up much more than dust. Maybe a small marble, but nothing bigger.

The vacuum attacks me with its hose, I hear the engine rev up loudly and it starts pulling at my shirt. It lets go, but soon goes for my face. I grab the hose and throw it back at itself, turning and beginning to crawl towards the big door. I get there and reach up for the handle, grabbing it, but it's yet another incident where the handle will not budge.

Suddenly the vacuum slips its hose up the bottom of the leghole of my jeans, snaking its way up my leg. I feel the nozzle slip into the leghole of my panties and it goes straight for my clit. I feel it sucking strongly at my clit, making me wet and horny again.

My hand flattens out against the door, my body sliding down to the floor. I flip over, the sensations of it possessing me to slip my hand up my shirt, slipping under my bra to rub my hard nipples.

It feels so good, and eventually my body tenses up. I can feel sexual pulses traveling through my body, and they only have one hole to escape from.

My juices flow freely out of my pussy and the vacuum sucks them up as they flow. Even the vacuum cleaning me feels good, and I have orgasm after orgasm until my body is almost unable to create any more fluids. The vacuum pulls its hose out of my jeans and it rolls itself back into the closet.

The door shuts by itself. The loud thuds stop.

I just stay where I am, enjoying my state of mind as I remember what has happened to me so far. I agree with everyone, the house is haunted, but I know now that it's not the bad kind of haunted, where everything wants to kill you.

It's the good kind. The very, VERY good kind.

I roll over and stand up. Part of me wants to be haunted into an orgasm again, but another part of me wants to leave and tell everyone I know about what has happened to me so far.

Yeah, right. Who would believe me?

I look around, thinking that there must be something that I haven't seen yet. I wrap my hand around the handle of the big door and push down. The handle goes down easily and I push the door open, walking into the dining room again. I look around again and I am still amazed at the elegant dishes and utensils. I walk into the kitchen and open the fridge.

