 Synopsis: With Heather closing the deal, none of Heather's friends are happy with the decision. The topics of their arguments, however, change the longer they remain in the house.

This story contains explicit adult scenarios involving anal sex, cum sluts, and sex slaves. If this sort of material offends you in any way, or if you are not of the legal age to be reading this story, DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER!!! This story is written entirely from personally-imagined fiction from my brain. Do not try to mimic any scenarios in this story in your real life. If you do, you may find yourself trapped in a house filled with ghosts asking to have sex with you. You have been warned, and also disclaimed.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The girl appeared in front of us, the same girl from before.

Brown hair, bright blue eyes, and she must have been either 18 or 19 years old.

"Are you serious? You will?" she asks, excited.

"Heather," says Tracy, "what are you doing? What's going on?"

"Let's do this!" I say.

The girl in front of us waves her hand into the air and suddenly, all of my friends and I are naked.

"What the hell is this!?" shouts Jamie.

"What did you do to me?" asks Tracy, shocked at her involuntary display.

"Where the fuck are my clothes?" asks Monica.

Once the four of us are naked, we are blinded by a bright light flashing in our eyes. My head spins, and I feel nauseous.

I cannot tell if anything is happening around us, I can only see the light.

When the light dims down, and I can open my eyes, I see the girl from earlier. She walks over to me and kisses me on my lips.

"What... what was that?" I ask her.

"What?" she sarcastically asks me back. "I just wanted to give you my thanks in a special way."

"What was that light?" I try to ask, but I feel somewhat dizzy from the experience.

"Look around you. Notice anything?"

I did exactly that and I noticed it right away.

The room looked brighter.

"Go check out the rest of my house," she tells us.

We all turn around (my friends didn't ask any more questions) and we leave the room, still naked. The girl follows behind us down the stairs, and I realize that the whole house looks like it was how it was supposed to look, all those years ago.

It was painted a solid white, with some engraved trim by the floor and ceiling. There were family pictures hanging on each side of the hallway. Each family picture included the girl, her mother (the woman from the pictures, with her hand on her cheek), and an older gentleman (whom I assume is her father). There were no other siblings in the pictures.

I walk over to the door on the right, the same room that was a labyrinth before, and I opened it up. Inside, I saw the most amazing-looking bedroom.

The walls were dark red, the bed was covered in purple velvet with silky, purple pillows and candles were lit throughout the room. The room smelled of cinnamon because of an incense burning atop the nightstand on the left side of the bed.

"That's where you'll be staying," says the girl.

"It looks amazing," I tell her.

"Can I stay in this room?" asks Monica behind me.

I turn around and look into the room she was talking about. It was the fourth door on the other side of the hallway, the room that used to be a walk-in closet.

Now, it looks like the bedroom I was looking in, only blue instead of red. This room smelled like vanilla because of the incense burning above the dresser.

"Oh, wow!" exclaims Tracy.

I look around and see her peeking into the room that used to be empty, the room with nothing but a lamp sitting in the middle of the room.

I walk over and see inside her room.

Same story, but light green. This room smells like rain. The sheets are not velvet, though. They are silk, though.

I look around for Jamie, I haven't seen her since I looked in my new bedroom.

I walked downstairs and looked down the hallway, but was distracted by what I saw.

The hallway was new-looking as well. It was also painted white to match, and the dresser I saw before was spotless, without any dust on it and I could tell it was full of clothes or something. I saw the giant red door at the end of the hallway.

It might be the only thing that stayed the same. Red, with gold trim, still as fancy-looking as ever.

I walked into the hallway and started working my way down, peeking into every door.

I looked in the bathroom on the other side of the hallway. No Jamie.

I looked in the closet. Broom, dustpan, and vacuum, but no Jamie.

I peeked inside the bedroom and saw the bed and mirror, the picture and clock, but still no Jamie.

Where is Jamie?

I walk back upstairs and ask the girl where Jamie is.

"You mean the young girl that was with you? She went into that room over there," she says and points to the bedroom I never went into.

I walk over to it and open the door. Inside of the bright yellow bedroom, I see Jamie backed into the corner, trying to get away from a tall, naked guy. He is grabbing at her naked breasts and saying things like "Come on, babe" and "You're being a very bad girl."

"Heather, help me!" yells Jamie, tears beginning to form.

The man looks back at me and I instantly recognize him. He is the same guy that I played that Who First game with. He looks the same as before, and by his smile, he remembers me.

"Hey, it's you!" he laughs. "How's it going?"

"Fine," I say, blushing. I didn't know he'd still be here.

"So, who is this hot little number here?" he asks me.

"That's my friend, Jamie. She's not really used to this whole situation yet."

"What situation? ...Wait, that means that you brought us back to life? I didn't even notice!" he tells me.

"Yeah, and I enjoyed being here so much that I wanted my friends to do it, too."

"I guess they really don't want to be here, then, huh?" he asks.

"No, not at all." I frown.

He looks back at Jamie and says "Look, I'm sorry. I didn't know that you didn't want to be here. I thought that you were role playing or something."

Jamie creeps out from the corner and runs over behind me, grabbing my arms from behind and using me as a human shield.

Me and the other guy spend the next few minutes calming her down and telling her it would be okay. When her tears stopped falling, we walked out of the bedroom. The girl from earlier noticed her sad expression and came over and asked us what was wrong.

"She'll be okay," I said. "She just isn't comfortable with anyone trying to have sex with her yet."

"Well, that will soon change. There's a party tonight and there's going to be at least a hundred or more horny guys and girls all wanting to have an orgy," said the girl.

"Well, Jamie, do you think you would be okay with having sex just to get you ready for all those people?" I ask her.

"I want to go home," she says, starting to cry again.

She walks away from me and walks downstairs. She walks around the door and reaches for the knob. When she turns it and pulls, it doesn't budge.

"That's a problem," says the girl. "Once you have given yourself to this house and become our sex slave, you can't escape."

Hearing that, Jamie yanked harder and harder on the knob, causing the door to rattle and shake, until she had no strength left in her. She knelt on the floor, crying and crying.

"Don't worry, Jamie. I've been in this house for the past day and a half, remember. I was just as scared as you at first. Trust me on that. I was in the same spot as you, crying when you guys locked me in," I told her.

She looked over at me with anger in her eyes. "So you trapped the rest of us in here because of a bet that was your idea, is that it?"

"No, I'm just saying..."

"You knew this was going to happen, but you didn't want to do it yourself, so you decided that you should lock your best friends in here with you against their will, right?" she said to me with the sound of genuine hurt and betrayal in her voice.

"Please, Jamie. Forgive me. I thought you would like it," I told her.

"And what about Monica and Tracy? Do they know what you've done? Do they know that they can't escape, either? What about them, huh!?" she shouted, tears rolling down onto the floor.

I walked over to her and rubbed her back, trying to comfort her. She told me to get away from her, then accidentally slapped me on my nipple. When she realized what she did, she pulled her hand back and bent over even more, crying harder.

"Look," I say, turning towards the girl, "I know this might take some time, so just go back upstairs and tell Tracy and Monica about it. If they get upset or sad, do your best to comfort them."

Of course, nothing we did worked. All three of my friends were pissed at me for what I did.

I couldn't blame them, though.

"Look, you guys..."

"Don't 'look, you guys' us, Heather! What the hell made you think we'd enjoy this? Why did you think we'd accept you doing something like this? This is the stupidest thing you've ever done!" sneers Tracy. All three of them are standing in the upper hallway, glaring at me while I stand at the top of the stairs that lead to the first floor.

"I didn't think..."

"That's right," says Monica, "you didn't think!"

Now my eyes begin to water and I drop to my knees on the floor.

"Forgive me," I beg, tears running down my face.

"How could we forgive you?" shouts Jamie. "You did this on purpose!"

"I know..." I cry, gasping in air and pushing out more tears. "I'm so sorry."

"You better be," says Tracy, then she turns around and starts walking.

"Where are you going?" asks Monica.

"I'm going to sleep to try to forget about this for now. Wake me up in a few hours, okay?" says Tracy, right before the door shuts behind her.

"Come on, Heather. Get up! You have to get ready to please the guests that are going to arrive tonight," says Jamie.

I slowly stand up and I wipe my tears from my eyes.

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"We're not going to have sex with anybody. You got us all into this, so you're going to be the one who is punished for it," says Jamie, her eyes drilling into mine.

"I guess I deserve that," I say.

"That's not even close to what you deserve," says Monica. "We should push you down those stairs for what you did."

"I said I was sorry."

"Sorry doesn't cut it!" shouts Jamie. "Nothing you can ever say will change how we think of you now!"

"What do I have to do for you guys to not hate me anymore?" I ask.

"We'll see," says Monica. "I'll think of something eventually. Lucky for you, I can't think straight because I didn't eat breakfast before we came to get you. Is there a kitchen in this house?"

"Yeah," I say. "Downstairs, go through the red door, and it's on your left."

"I'll think of something after I'm finished eating," says Monica before she walks past me, without even giving me a second glance.

She walks downstairs and the sound of her footsteps fades as she gets farther away.

"Jamie..." I start to say, but she turns away from me and walks to her bedroom.

Now what do I do? My friends hate me, and I have no one to turn to for advice.

Hold on... where is that girl and that guy?

I walk down the hall and up the stairs, opening the door to the girl's room.

Inside, on her bed, is that girl. She is completely naked and the guy is above her, pumping away inside her.

"What are you guys doing?" I ask.

"What...?" asks the girl. "You and... your friends... were fighting..."

"We got bored and, well, we were horny," says the guy.

"So you decided to have sex?" I asked.

"Yes!" they both shouted in unison before they climaxed together, moaning and vocalizing their pleasure.

It brought back so many memories watching them orgasm. I've been in this house for about two days now, and I can honestly say that I love it here.

"Hey, guys! Now that I think of it, I never got your names!" I try to shout over their screams and pants.

"Mary," says the girl.

"Kyle," says the guy.

"Thanks! I'm Heather!"

"Hey, Heather!" says Kyle.

"Hi, Heather!" says Mary.

I shut the door and leave them to their business. I turn around and walk downstairs. I walk over to the bedroom and I walk inside.

It looks the same as before when I was in here. I walk over to the clock.

It is 8:33 right now. The party starts tonight, so I've got at least nine or ten hours to try to get my friends to like me again.

That shouldn't be too hard, right?

Suddenly the big red door swings open and Monica comes walking out.

"I think I've got the perfect punishment for you, Heather," she says, with a sense of evil in her voice.

"Since you like to have sex so much, which is why you brought us here, let's see just how much you like it. Follow me," she tells me.

She walks upstairs and I follow her. When we get to the top of the stairs, she guides me into her room.

When I walk inside her room, I look around. Her room looks very similar to my own room, but everything's blue instead of red. She walks me over to her bed, then gets behind me and pushes me onto it. My face flies into the pillows and I bounce a couple of times.

She walks out of the room and I just wait.

After about five minutes or so, she walks back into the room, with everyone behind her. Jamie, Tracy, Kyle, and Mary. Monica signals to Mary and Kyle, who both walk over to me and get up on the bed.

"Kyle here is going to fuck you in the ass. While he does, you're going to eat out Mary until they both have an orgasm. And from what they've told me about how they just got done having sex themselves, that may be a while," says Monica.

I am shocked by this. I never imagined that sex would be my punishment for wanting to have sex.

Mary flips me over and she positions me at the foot of the bed, with my legs hanging off. Kyle spreads my cheeks and Mary positions herself with her pussy directly under my face. I can smell sweat and cum from her earlier session, the strong aroma drifts into my nose.

"Now!" shouts Monica, and Kyle instantly lines up his cock with my puckered hole.

Mary pushes my face into her still-wet pussy and I snake my tongue out and run it along her lips. Kyle pushes into my ass and I scream.

The pain is not unbearable, but it still hurts a lot.

He doesn't even wait for me to feel comfortable before he pulls out and shoves his dick into me again. I wince at the pain, but I still continue and lick deep into Mary's twat.

I have to stop every time Kyle pushes into me. The pain is intense. A tear falls from my eye.

I shove my tongue as deep into Mary as I can reach, then I scoop her juices into my mouth and I swallow. I reach up with my right hand and rub her clit as I eat her out, but it doesn't seem to help.

Kyle pushes into me again, and I use my free hand to reach under my body and between my legs so I can stroke his balls. If I need him to cum for him to stop, then I'm going to try my best to make him cum.

Mary moans once, and I know I must be doing something right.

I lift my head slightly and begin to lick her clit, I then shove two fingers from my right hand and pump them in and out of her.

"Hey!" yells Monica. "Your tongue should be the only thing inside her, not your fingers!"

I pull my fingers out of her and lick her again. I reach up and start to wiggle her right nipple. I dig deeper with my tongue, but she doesn't seem to be getting any closer to orgasm.

Behind me, Kyle pushes into me a few more times. His pace does not change, he makes no sound. Neither of them are going to orgasm soon. Tears roll down my face.

Suddenly, Mary yells and wiggles beneath me. Kyle also shouts and ceases to move.

They both faked their orgasms.

"There we go," says Monica. "You can get up now, Heather."

She bought it!

Kyle pulls out of me, still hard but I know he would rather protect me than use it like Monica wanted him to.

Mary slides out from under me, and I just lay there, trying to stop crying.

"How did that feel, Heather?" asks Monica.

"Horrible," I tell her. I didn't have to lie, because I really did hate it.

"Good, maybe that'll teach you a lesson," says Monica.

"Are you sure?" asks Tracy. "I know we all hate her, but that really didn't seem to teach her the lesson we wanted, it just caused her pain. I feel kinda bad for her."

"Are you serious?" Monica asks. "Tracy, be reasonable. This is the girl who just decided what the rest of your life will be like. You'll die here because of her. Do you really feel that bad for her?"

"Well, it's just that you really didn't have to do that to her," says Tracy.

"Really? So, what did you want me to do instead?" asks Monica.

"The point is, we're here. We're probably going to be here for the rest of our lives. There's no use fighting about something we can't change," pleads Tracy.

"Well, but..."

"No, she's right," says Jamie. "I never thought of it that way. I mean, the fact is we've only been here for an hour. So far, it hasn't been too bad."

"Who's side are you on? Are you really willing to lose your virginity to a stranger, Jamie? I know I'm not," says Monica.

"Well, no, but by the looks of it, I'm going to have to eventually. It might as well be tonight, at the party," says Jamie.

I never knew Jamie was a virgin. I knew Monica was, but not Jamie. I remember Tracy telling me a story about her losing hers to some guy she met at the mall when she was 16 years old. I lost my virginity when I was 14, experimenting with my boyfriend. I'm 18 now, and so are Tracy, Monica, and Jamie. Monica is two months younger than Tracy though, but 3 weeks older than Jamie.

"So, what do you want to do?" asks Monica.

"I think we should apologize to Heather, first. Then, we should figure out what kind of people are going to be at this party, so we can be ready. We're supposed to be sex slaves, right?" asks Tracy.

"What?" asks Jamie. "Tracy, are you actually happy that you're a sex slave?"

"Well, no," says Tracy, "but if we've been cursed to stay in this house as sex slaves, what's the point of trying to run? Let's just go along with it and we'll think of a way out of here eventually. Right?"

"Yeah," says Monica.

"You're right," says Jamie.

"Alright, then. Heather, I'm sorry for what we did to you," says Tracy.

"I'm sorry, too," says Jamie.

"Me too," says Monica.

I look over at them and see the smile forming on their faces. I think they've finally forgiven me.

I roll over and sit on the side of the bed.

"So, how should we get ready for these people?" I ask.

"I don't know, really. There's gotta be some way to get prepared for something like this," says Tracy.

"Well, I guess..." says Jamie, but then she stops before she can finish.

"What is it, Jamie?" asks Tracy.

"No, it's stupid," says Jamie.

"If you've got an idea, let's hear it," Monica says.

"What about if the four of us have sex, like a foursome. That'll get us in the mood for it, at least," said Jamie.

"No way!" spurts Monica.

"Wait a minute, because she might be onto something. Think about it. If we're sex slaves, you really don't think we'll only be wanted by guys alone. There's bound to be girls who expect us, too," says Tracy.

"I guarantee it," I say. "When I was in this house, I was fucked by girls more than half the time. I was also eating out girls while I was trapped in here, so you're probably going to lick pussy as well."

"Hold on, I'm no lesbian. There's no way my face is ever going to be near another girl's pussy," says Monica.

"You'll have to, eventually. I know that sometimes, even if you don't want to, they'll find a way to have sex with you. Even if it's by force. That's just the rules of the game here," I tell her.

"So, it's settled," says Tracy. "We may not like it, but we have to do this sometime and it might as well be now."
