 Copyright (c) 2019 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in the Land of Etherium, a place out of time where wizards channeled mana and a host of creatures we call fairy tales roamed the lands. It is said these tales occurred almost 27,000 years ago before a set of cataclysms shaped the face of the earth and the fairy folk retreated or we in our smugness, no longer saw them.

In any case, they are just stories after all, aren't they?

---------

This is part nine of the journey of Muddle to find a new Master to continue his magical education. If you haven't read the first eight parts, please do, things may make more sense if you are caught up. I'll wait.

---------

Muddle woke before dawn to the sound of pounding and shouting on the back door of the wagon. He quickly rolled out of bed and pulled on his trousers and opened the door.

"Magesta, Magesta, you must come quick," said the young boy pounding on the door. "Papa says you must come to the river." 

The young boy grabbed Muddle's arm and tried to pull him, but to no avail. 

"Give me a minute. I need my boots," Muddle said gently to the boy. He turned back into the wagon to retrieve his boots as Daniell slipped a shirt over his head.

Sitting on the step of the wagon he was able to feast his eyes on Daniell's perky breasts by peeking down her tunic, as she bent over to slip the shirt onto his head. 

With his boots on, Muddle stood up and finished sliding his arms into the sleeves. He grabbed his staff and then turned and kissed Daniell. As he was being pulled out of sight by the boy, Muddle called back and said, "Get the horses hitched up and tell everyone to get themselves ready to move."

Daniell nodded and sighed, then turned and started to prepare the wagon for travel.

The young boy, whose name was Samiya, finally pulled Muddle to the knot of men standing by the river bank. Not surprising, Ronton and Samir were there with Chrisfot and several of the senior men from the tinkers and the gypsies.

"Let us wait for the report of the scouts," Samir was saying as Muddle came up on them.

"Ah, Muddle, glad to see you," Ronton said. "Look." 

Muddle looked out into the false dawn and was astonished. The river was almost dry. There was maybe a foot or so of water left in the riverbed. He let out a slow whistle and then said to no one in particular, "That was definitely not what I had in mind. I was hoping she would calm the water to allow the ferries to get us across safely."

Jonton and Samir came up in time to hear Muddle. They looked at each other and then Jonton asked incredulously, "You did this?

Muddle turned to the men and said sheepishly, "No. I just asked the lady of the river for a little help getting across. I was hoping she would calm the water, not dam it up."

"Dam it?" Samir asked sharply. He turned and yelled at his men, "Get the wagons ready. We roll as fast as we can for the foothills on the other side. Tell everyone. No breakfast. We Go! NOW! "

Samir turned back and said shaking his head, "I was up north many years ago during the Winter of the Wolves. There was a small town named Finbutton near where we were camped. We were in the hills. "

"We saw the river dry up and one of our scouts said there was an ice dam on the other side of the town. Suddenly there was a crash and a roar and a wall of water washed the town away. The ice had dammed the water up and when it broke, it washed everything away. If your water witch is damming the river up, the same thing will happen here. We must get across and into the foothills before that happens."

Jonton just turned and started running and yelling at his men, "Get the wagons ready. We move now. Tell everyone. Put out the fires and gather your things. We cross inside the hour."

It was chaos as gypsies and tinkers scurried to repack and get their horse teams hitched. Well before the hour was up, Daniell came up with their wagon and stopped by Muddle. 

"What is the rush?" Daniell asked. "Jonton was lighting fires in people's backsides like the hordes of Kzrech were coming again."

Muddle just pointed and said, "Look at the river. When Sparkle can no longer hold the water back, this valley is going to be flooded. If we are not across to the foothills, we will get swept away with everything else."

Daniell hear the fear in Muddle's voice and her pale skin turned two shades paler as the import of those words sank in.

As they were talking, the first of the wagons started to roll down the river bank and out into the river bed. They could hear a couple of the scouts telling the first wagons to head just south of the old bridge stonework as there was a beach where they could drive the wagons out of the river.

As they watched the wagons slowly go out onto the nearly dry riverbed, Daniell called down to Muddle, "Should we go? We are packed and ready."

Muddle took a deep breath and sighed. He looked up into Daniell's blue eyes and said, "No. We go last. I may be able to encourage Sparkle into holding the water back just a little longer. That will give everyone more time to reach the foothills. This is all my fault for not being specific with Sparkle."

Daniell started to form the words to argue with him, and then stopped. She had seen that expression on her father's face when he made a decision that was good for the clan but might be bad for himself. She knew there was no discussion that would change that. 

She just nodded and said, "We are ready when it is time."

Muddle nodded back and said, "Thank you for your understanding. If there were any other way..."

The wagons rolled by until it was almost midday. Muddle could see the first wagons were out of the river and heading to the foothills. At last, the stragglers rolled past and Muddle swung up into his seat.

"Come Zuzzu and Zuzza," he called out. "It is time for use to go."

The two horses bobbed their heads as if to say, "About Damn Time!" 

As they applied themselves to the harnesses, the wagon rolled slowly forward and headed for the riverbed. 

They were nearly to the other side when Daniell called out to a wagon that was stopped, "Samisha, what is the problem?"

The middle-aged woman came around the front of the horse and spotting Daniell waved and called back, "Our horse twisted her ankle. I am afraid she cannot go any farther."

Daniell spun into action. "Unhitch your horse. I will bring Zuzza and then you must make haste. The day is ending and you must be in the hills by sundown."

Samisha froze for a second and then applied herself to unhitching her horse. Daniell had Zuzza unhitched and was walking her over before Muddle knew what was going on. The women traded horses and Daniell hitched the new horse up in Zuzza's place. 

Daniell patted Zuzzu's nose and spoke gently to him, "Mighty Zuzzu, Clamile here has hurt her ankle. She will not be able to help much so it is up to you to pull the load. Can you do it?"

Zuzzu bobbed his head and let out a mighty, "neigh". 

In the meantime, Muddle had climbed down from the wagon and splashed through the trickle of water to examine Clamile. It was not good. It was not a twisted ankle. Clamile had broken her front left leg. 

Muddle stepped up to Clamile's ear and whispered, "I can help your leg, but it is going to hurt. Probably a lot. Can you stand more pain for a little while."

Clamile nodded and whinnied. She squealed a little as Muddle placed his hands on the broken leg and then stopped as the mana and healing cantrips began the slow work of putting her leg back together.

Daniell touched Muddle's arm and said, "We are ready, they are hitched."

He nodded and the splashed back to climb into the wagon. Muddle looked up and saw Samish's wagon was making good time towards the beach.

He didn't say a word, but Daniell spoke anyway, "She is a widow. Her husband died in the bandit's raids. By tinker law, she has a year to find a new husband. But that is not why I stopped. She also has 4 children. Two sets of twins. The oldest set is two and the youngest set was born not a month ago. I couldn't let them die. I know I have doomed us, but the young ones deserve a chance to live."

Muddle said nothing, he just placed his hand over hers and squeezed.

"Hyah, Zuzzu. It is your time to shine," she called out as she flicked the reins.

Zuzzu bobbed his head and let out a strong whinny and the wagon began to roll. Clamile whimpered but kept up and they followed the last wagon toward the beach.

They made the beach just before dusk. Zuzzu was frothing a little and was shining with sweat from pulling the wagon through the soft riverbed. They stopped for a moment before the churned up beach while Daniell looked for the best way up. Muddle jumped down and went to the front of the team. 

Muddle put a hand on both horses cheeks and caressed them, "We are almost out of the river, both of you are doing great. We just need one more mighty effort from both of you and then we will be back on the road where the going will be much easier."

Both horses nodded their heads and whinnied as if to say, "Let's do this."

Muddle had been sending mana and charms of strength and endurance to both horses while he had been touching them. He bent briefly and sent more mana and healing to Clamile's leg and he could feel that despite her trying to help, the bones had managed to knit together and she would be able to help Zuzzu.

"Come Muddle," called Daniell. "The sun is going down, we must hurry."

He nodded and moved to climb into the wagon. Just as he swung up he heard Sparkle's voice, "Please hurry Muddle, I cannot hold back the water any longer."

He turned down to the water and said, "Can you let it out slowly to make it easier. That may gain us a little time."

"I will try," came her very faint reply.

"Hyah, Zuzzu. Hyah Clamile," Daniell called out loudly. "We go for the hills."

The horses both whinnied and tugged in their harnesses and the wagon began to roll. 

As they cleared the top of the river bank, the sun began to go down and a loud roaring noise was heard. Muddle stood up and leaned out to see a wall of water rushing down the valley. He grabbed the reins and cracking them sharply he yelled, "We must get behind the stonework of the old bridge or we will be swept away."

The horses jumped at the crack of the reins and began pulling frantically. Fear was in their eyes as the water that swept ahead of the main body began to spill over the riverbank and wet their legs. 

Muddle encouraged them and calmed them with his mind as they ran to the bridge. Just as they pulled abreast of the old stonework that had anchored the bridge, the wall of water slammed into it and over it and around it. 

The horses shivered and would have panicked and pulled them to their doom, if Muddle had not reached out to them and spoke to them with his mind and his voice calming them. 

It seemed like the water tugged at them forever, but it was really just a matter of seconds and then the main fury was past them and they stood in water up to the chests of the horses in a backwater formed behind the pile of stones that had once been this end of the king's bridge.

Daniell slid across the seat and hugged Muddle and he hugged her back. They sat hugging for a long time when they heard a very tired voice call from the water, "Very clever wizard. I thought you washed away for sure. I have been searching for you and your wagon and I despaired that I might have killed you."

Muddle and Daniell jumped apart and both searched for the voice. Daniell spotted the face of the naiad first and pointed her out to Muddle.

Muddle leaned out over the water and spoke to Sparkle, "It was pure luck, my dear Sparkle. If the rocks had been just a few yards further away, we would not have made it."

"I find luck has very little to do with it where wizards are concerned," she replied.

Just then Muddle's familiar was faintly heard from inside the wagon, "Re-deep ('Master can I come out? It is dark in here'.)"

Muddle chuckled and opened the front window and the frog hopped out and jumped down to the bench.

"Why, hello Mr. Frog," the naiad called out. "I see you made it as well."

"Re-Deep ('Hello pretty Lady')," the frog responded.

Muddle and Daniell had been trying to keep their laughter in but the frog and the water nymph conversing was just too much. The stress of the journey across the river followed by the dash for their lives had built the tension to the breaking point. The laughter broke the tension and the hysterical laughter began. It was several minutes until they could collect themselves. By this time, Sparkle had also collected herself and was standing on the water next to the wagon. She was nearly eye to eye with Muddle and glaring at him severely.

Muddle wiped the tears from his eyes and stammered, "My apologies dear lady, I was not laughing at you. It was just funny. We barely survive being swept away and my familiar greets you like nothing had happened today. I'm sorry but it just felt good to laugh and shake off the terrors."

"You are a very funny man, Muddle," Sparkle said. "Maybe that is why I like you. You are always laughing no matter how bleak the situation. Plus you have always been polite to me. Not many people do that anymore."

The frog waddled over and bumped Muddle's leg and said, "Re-deep ('Can I have a story. It has been days since the last story.')"

Muddle chuckled and said, "I suppose so. We aren't going anywhere even if the water recedes. It is almost fully dark now."

"I'll light a lantern for us," Daniell offered.

"Alright, mister story frog, where were we the last time?" Muddle asked.

"Re-Deep ("You were bringing your dragon skin back to camp.')," his familiar answered.

"Dragon skin?" Daniell asked, now suddenly interested.

"Do you mind if I listen as well?" asked Sparkle with big smile on her beautiful face. "I love your stories, especially when I am in them."

"Well you are in for a treat, then," Muddle said. "As a matter of fact you are one of the guests of honor in this part of the tale.

"As Mr. Frog said, I was returning to camp with a piece of dragon skin and the walnut plates for the covers of my grimoire. As I approached the mining camp I first saw Sparkle standing near her river with a package at her feet. As I approached she was happy to see me and was jumping up and down."

"I was wasn't I?" she interjected.

"Yes, you were," Muddle said. "And you had forgotten to get dressed, so it was quite a spectacle for a young man."

"I am sure it was," said Daniell dryly.

Muddle shot her a glance that said, 'Well talk later.' Her nod said, 'YES. WE WILL.'

"In any case," Muddle said trying desperately to get back to the story. "I approached you and we talked for a minute and you said, 'I have a present for you from the Sea Sisters. They came to the end of my river and floated this package for you. They said that the Child of Destiny would know what it is and what to do with it. So I brought it here to you.'

"I took the package and I didn't know what it was, but then the knowledge floated up out of the depths of my mind. The wisdom passed to me by my Master's grimoire identified it as the white powder of ancient sea creatures from the legendary cliffs of the Oceanids, sea nymphs of surpassing beauty and power. It is said that only two men, both incredibly powerful wizards were ever able to take some of the white material from the cliffs and lived to return to the world of men."

"That is true," said Sparkle. "They guard those cliffs and have many sea monsters to help. I was very surprised and honored to be able to convey the gift of the sea to you."

"I was very touched by the gift and very pleased that it was you that brought it to me," Muddle said. 

"But that was only the first of the many surprises that day. 

"As I turned, I saw three more young women at different points in the camp. I knew from their features that they were Oreads, earth nymphs. And the third one was definitely familiar.

"I brought the package from Sparkle and walked to the first of the Oreads. Bowing I spoke and gave greetings in the ancient tongue, 'Greetings Earth Sister. How many I be of service to you?'

"Her eyes lit up at being addressed so formally and she spoke to me. 'I am Aurweena, First of the three Guardians of the mountains. I have been contacted by the Eldest of the three of threes of the Aspens to bring you a gift.' 

"At this point, she brought forth three flat pieces of wood. They looked identical to the set of oak plates and the walnut plates in my back. I held out my hands palms upwards and she placed them gently in my hands. 

"Marveling at their perfection, I thanked Aurweena and asked, 'Is there anything that I may do to repay you for this gift.'

"She looked at me for a long time and I felt like I was being stripped bare to the core of my being. Finally she grew to twice my height and placing her hands gently on either side of my face she kissed my forehead. I felt a strong welling up of mana but nothing more. Now after what has happened lately, I wish I had a mirror to see if my forehead was glowing.

Sparkle giggled and said, "It was. It was glowing with a golden light."

"Figures," Muddle said blushing.

After a moment, he continued, "It was obvious that I was dismissed, so I walked slowly to the next earth nymph to give me time to put the package from Sparkle and the wood plates in my pack. She waited for me and when I stood in front of her, she spoke, 'My name is Argweena. I have been tasked to bring you the bones of the earth.'

"I was puzzled until she reached into a pocket in her dress and pulled out three balls of metal. The first was a ball of pure gold, the second was a ball of pure silver and the third was a ball of pure copper. It was not until later that I realized that they were not balls of solid metal, they were balls of very fine wire wound into balls like balls of yarn.

"Again I held out my hands and Argweena placed the heavy balls of metal in my hands. I bowed and thanked her. When I straightened out, she had grown to at least twice my height and like her sister she held my head and kissed my forehead. Just like so many other times, I felt the mana welling."

Muddle looked at Sparkle and asked, "I supposed my forehead glowed from her kiss too?"

The naiad smiled and nodded. "Silver glowed from your forehead that time," she said.

"I think I know what happens when the third sister kisses you," Daniell said with an obvious sparkle in her eyes. "I am definitely going to have to practice up, I don't even leave a bruise when I kiss your forehead, much less a glow."

"That's alright," Muddle said. "I like your kisses just the way they are.

"But you are right, when I presented myself to the third sister, she smiled and said, 'I am glad to see you again. You still have my eternal thanks for taking that infernal sky metal off of my mountain. My name is Ardweena. I am sorry I did not tell you that before, but as you know, names have power to compel and I didn't know you THAT well the first time.'

"I bowed and thanked her again for the gift of the sky metal and she cut me off. 'I have a gift too,' she said stomping her foot and causing a minor earthquake. She turned and picked up two buckets that I had not previously seen and held them out to me. 

"When I had taken the handles of the buckets, she said, 'These are the gift of the Eldest of the three of threes of the pine trees. The Eldest said that you would know what they were for. She wouldn't tell me. Pine trees are so annoying, always keeping secrets. What are they for?'

I looked in the buckets and for a minute I was confused. The first bucket contained a white powder that smelled of pine boards. The second was a thick golden brown liquid that smelled of pine. Again, the wisdom of the grimoires that was imparted from my master's grimoire drifted up to me.
