 Prologue

Evangeline with her slim flexible body had no trouble getting on all fours and arching her back for him, the man of her dreams. He was the kind of handsome of models and movie actors, with his fit toned body and handsome features. Evangeline felt she was in his league, since she was slim, had large well formed breasts with perfect sized nipples and a well rounded ass that looked great in just about anything. Her shoulder length jet black hair was tied in the back with bangs hanging loose on either side. She felt him mount her from behind, his rock hard erection pounding deep inside. She felt his pace quicken as he emptied himself inside her, this was not what she had expected when she signed up to be headmaster of the school for wayward wizards, however she didn't mind doing something so easy for the title, after all, taking dick wasn't exactly something new for her, but El'voken was beyond anything she had ever encountered before. 

Not only was his size larger than normal, but he seemed to have perfect control of it as well, whipping her into a creamy froth of wetness. When he pulled out from her the sight of him was breath taking, looking at his member was like seeing divine art work. This was only the beginning, for soon she would need to prove herself to the high counsel. She found herself lusting for more even though he was exhausted and so she cast a revitalizing spell on him. his eyes lit up instantly and with his erection restored to its full glory she took him in her mouth, his length was impossible to take in its entirety, but she tried anyway, forcing herself not to gag with years of practice. 

When he had had enough he lifted her in the air and she instinctively wrapped her legs around him, his cock slid into her filling her to the point of pain, but within a moment she had adjusted to take him once more. He climaxed so hard she could feel his body shake and he let out a moan that turned her on even further then she realized possible. She cast another spell to restore his erection so he could keep pounding her, it was too good to stop so soon. She felt waves of pleasure go through her whole body as she orgasmed. She stepped back from him and dropped to her knees shuddering from the intensity of the orgasm. Then before her eyes she saw a ripple move through his body, like he was a hologram that was low on batteries. She cast an illusion dismissal spell and instantly the tall dark and handsome wizard changed into a student she recognized, Grizzlebrand who actually wasn't that bad looking himself. However he would need to be punished for this...

It was midday when the students were called to assemble in the great hall. The headmaster stood at the front of the hall, his long white robe with gold streaks showing his command. black hard eyes stared out over the crowd daring anyone to act out of line. None were brave enough to challenge him. There was a slight murmur throughout the crowd but when the master raised his hand the crowd fell silent instantly. He held his great staff in his right hand. Rumor was that it was the most powerful staff ever created. But even the staff had its limits and the headmaster was looking older and older each day. Many believed that he was no longer fit to be headmaster and Evangeline was one of them. She came into the hall wearing a corset that pushed her breasts into awe inspiring cleavage, this combined with her good looks and tight jeans that hugged her ass in all the right spots gave every male in the hall a stiff instantly. The head master's eyes seemed not to care much for her however and he instead turned to look at the vice master, a warlock named El'voken, looking very serious. Evangeline couldn't help but stare, his short brown hair, high cheekbones, square chin and symmetrical facial features made her heart flutter. His piercing blue eyes met hers, the kind of eyes that she wished would never stop looking her way.

"It has come to my attention that a student was found to be in violation of no less than 8 school and wizardly laws and therefore must be punished accordingly." the headmaster declared, then turned the stage over to Evangeline who immediately summoned a whip from thin air and turned to the crowd.

"Grizzlebrand, come up here." she commanded drawing applause from some, boos from others. Grizzlebrand was respected and feared by most for his prowess in the arcane arts, however this also made some happy to see such an untouchable be punished. Grizzlebrand couldn't help but remember what it was like to fill that tight pussy as he made his way to the front of the hall and saw her glorious pushed up tits up close. One of her nipples were partially visible and it was almost too much to bare, his cock throbbed against his robe and threatened to reveal itself to the rest of the school. Evangeline eyed him and noticed, laughing maniacally. "You filthy little shit..." she started but the headmaster interrupted.

"Enough" he commanded. "Grizzlebrand, here before your brethren how do you plead against the numerous crimes you are accused of committing?"

"I will never plead to the likes of you, old fool." Grizzlebrand replied drawing gasps from the crowd. One of the female teachers fainted and was caught by a male teacher standing next to her, she had always liked Grizzlebrand and was obviously distraught by his actions.

"How dare you!" The head master roared. "In light of this most appalling act of disrespect I have no choice but to revoke your wizard ship immediately!"

"You won't be revoking a fucking thing," Grizzlebrand laughed and held out his hand, unbelievably the head master's staff flew from his grasp and into Grizzlebrand's outstretched hand, provoking gasps and panic from both students and teachers. "Now die like the dog you are," he laughed and a red bolt of magic flew into the head master killing him instantly. Many had never seen such magic before, but those that had sprung into action trying stop him.

"Authorities!" someone screamed. "Call the authorities!" but it was too late, Grizzlebrand had already teleported, but not before casting one last spell to remove Evangeline's corset, allowing her perfect breasts to hang naturally for the whole school to see. With a wink he disappeared dodging Evangeline's killing spell by a split second. As Evangeline stood there with her breasts completely exposed, she couldn't help but envy the asshole, in less than five minutes he had taken everything she had spent her whole life trying to achieve and he hadn't even broke a sweat.

Chapter 1 "The rise of a hero"

Damien White had only just arrived at the Wayward Wizard academy when he started to hear of the recent attack on the head master. It had ended the school year prematurely and had been the subject of most conversations ever since. This would be Damien's first year attending the academy since moving from the frozen tundras school for ice mages. Now he found himself friendless in a strange school where a the most powerful wizard had just been murdered. But it wasn't all bad because the new headmaster was a smoking hot babe. Her huge tits and ass were talked about almost as much as the headmaster's death and from what people were saying he had missed quite the show, on his way out the guy had actually vanished her top, making him the coolest criminal Damien had ever heard of. But headmaster Evangeline wasn't the woman Damien had his eye on, he lusted for a warlock named Ruby. Fitting her name she had fire red hair and soft brown eyes that made you want to stare into them all day. She was quite slim with a body that she could have been proud to show off, yet she dressed conservatively, showing almost no skin whatsoever. Her attire so unnoteworthy that Damien couldn't have even told you what she was wearing. He had been lucky enough to be assigned as her lab partner in potions today. She seemed bored and half heartedly paid attention as he made small talk to her. He was attempting to create the perfect healing potion in order to impress her, of course he also hoped to get a good grade at the same time.

"You should take a sip of the potion and make sure it tastes right." he suggested. She looked at him for a moment considering, he could tell she felt a guilty for not helping him prepare it, so she agreed. He watched as she pressed her perfect full lips against the bottle and took a small sip of the bright green mixture, just as she did a small swirl of orange spread throughout and he realized he must have accidentally made a love potion instead. Her pupils dilated and he quickly took the bottle from her as it turned completely orange. He hid the bottle behind his back just as the teacher Ms Clark turned and came over to grade them. 

"Where is your potion?" she asked. Damien gave her a shrug and she turned to Ruby. 

For a moment he thought she was going to tell her everything, how he had failed making the potion, how he had spent the whole time talking to Ruby instead of paying attention to instructions, but instead she said, "Have you ever noticed how smart Damien is?"

"You'd both better smarten up if you want to pass this course," Ms Clark scolded. "I'll finish grading the potions tomorrow and I suggest some you pay more close attention," she looked at Damien. As she made her way back to her desk Ruby leaned in and whispered "You should come to my room tonight so we can finish this for tomorrow!"

"Okay I'll be there," he whispered back and Ruby giggled nervously.

Later that day he made his way through the halls until he figured out where the girls wing was. On his way he ran into Evangeline who was wearing a particularly slutty dress even by her standards. Her breasts were almost completely exposed, the nipples clearly visible, especially when she walked and they bounced further up. Ever since she had been appointed headmaster everyone said that she was dressing however she pleased and its not like the men were complaining. She locked onto Damien immediately and met him head on.

"No boys are allowed in the girl's wing," she reminded him. "I'll let it slide this time because you're new here and probably didn't realize where you were headed, but any further exploration of these halls will not be tolerated." She explained and led him back to the boys dormitory entrance. Knowing the love potion might wear off soon, he knew he had to make it back to Ruby quickly, otherwise he might lose his chance at making it with Ruby forever. He came up with a daring plan to get into her room and hopefully if all went well, her pants.

Ruby was sure Damien had decided not to come, it was nearing ten in the evening and he still had not made an appearance. She went downstairs to fetch some water, tears forming and threatening to start running out of her eyes. She didn't know why but suddenly seeing him was the only thing she wanted, she wanted it more than anything else in the world. It was downstairs in the common area that she ran into a woman she had never met before, quite literally since she had hadn't been watching where she was going.

"Ouch!" they yelped in unison as their heads collided. After a minute of regaining their composure they met eyes and Ruby couldn't help but notice this slim, black haired and fairly busty woman that had the same hazel brown eyes as Damien. She found herself awkwardly apologizing while the other lady did the same. She was about to hurry past when the girl suddenly leaned in very close to her ear and whispered, "it's me Damien."

"But how did you?" she started, stopping as Evangeline entered the common room and sealed the door behind her.

"Time for bed ladies," she exclaimed and made her up the stairs to the teachers wing of the dormitories. Lady Damien followed Ruby to her room where they found her roommate a small blond girl named Lilia already asleep in her bed. Damien, who knew the spell because of having night terrors as a child cast a sleeping spell to ensure that Lilia would remain asleep and then sat on the edge of Ruby's bed while she sat at her desk only a foot away.

"You're a warlock? she asked, confused knowing that Damien had enrolled in all the same classes as her which meant he was studying to be a mage. "Only a warlock could have cast such a powerful illusion enchantment."

"No, don't be silly" he exclaimed. "I had my roommate Parson Helds do it, he's a damn good warlock if you ask me," he explained.

"Oh," she replied and turned to her potions textbook, opening it to the healing potion page. Even as she did so, she was thinking about those hazel eyes, the way they looked at her, the way Damien handled himself so elegantly. All of which was still present even as a lady. "So how long will this last?" she asked curiously. It was just her luck, the first boy to come into her room would be her first love, yet he was missing the part he needed to make love to her.

"Not sure," he admitted. He noticed her eyes peering at his skirt, which exposed most of his legs and some of his panties, to Ruby's surprise the panties had a large bulge in them. Damien stood, now embarrassed "Parson's only low level so... not everything changed over," he explained.

"Perfect!" Ruby exclaimed unable to contain her lust any longer, she reached out and grabbed the bulge hidden under the skirt. Damien's moan of pleasure was in a female's voice but it still aroused her. The bulge grew hard beneath her hand and she quickly freed it from the restricting panties by casting a removal spell. His manhood, now released from its prison came forth, it was an impressive cock indeed, quite large in girth and length but not big enough to scare her away from taking it into her mouth. She removed her shirt and bra for Damien revealing moderate sized breasts with small perking nipples, then she started to take him in her mouth, she could only fit three quarters inside before she started to choke. With some practice she learned to keep her teeth from making contact and then she figured out how to take it only partially inside and twist her tongue across the tip. Moans of pleasure signaled it was close to finish, but she was too scared to allow it to finish inside so she pulled away, letting it erupt all over her chest, covering almost all of her breasts. Some had somehow managed to come out inside her mouth, however she decided it might turn him off to see her spit it out, so she swallowed it down.

Damien did not pause for even a moment, using a spell to make himself erect again instantly, he used all the strength of the slender female body to pull Ruby over and onto the bed. He fell on top of her and found that the landing was softened entirely by their breasts bouncing together. He pulled skirt and panties off quickly.

"Be gentle its my first time," she implored. "Its not how I pictured it..." she added as the female Damien's lips met hers. They paused staring into each other's eyes as Damien pushed his way inside gently. Even going in gently was proving too much, so she cast a spell to numb herself. Once her hymen was cleared, Damien cast a minor healing spell so that she might enjoy the rest. Ruby lifted the numbing spell and orgasmed almost immediately. It was a new sensation for her that she knew she would never get enough of now that she knew it was possible. Damien kept his pace, thrusting his rock hard cock in and out of her, realizing that she was now sopping wet. The juices were thick and creamy on him each time he pulled out and finally he could take no more, he climaxed with a few final few thrusts and then watched as cum slowly made its way out of her and ran down. Damien knew he would always remember this moment for the rest of his days, his cum flowing like a river through the beautiful cavern that was Ruby's love groove. He couldn't help but grow erect again at the sight and that's when he noticed that Lilia was no longer in her bed. Lilia was now standing next to them holding out her hand with her eyes closed.

"Lilia, what are you doing?" Ruby asked but she didn't respond. Damien realized she must be sleep walking and started to wonder if it was because of the spell he had cast on her earlier. 

"I think she wants to hold your..." Ruby exclaimed. Jealousy started to take over in Ruby's eyes.

"I think she's alluding to the fact that if we let her join she'll pretend she won't tell anyone." he suggested. He had dreamed of this moment, with his crush Ruby, but the possibility of the two of them caused him to grow greedy.

"I guess we have no choice." Ruby conceded and Damien let Lilia take him in her hand. He looked down and realized he was still wearing his shirt which was covering a great pair of tits. He cast a removal spell both tops, his and Lilia's, exposing her petite tits and his own larger ones. Damien thought about Lilia getting onto her knees and sucking him until he came across that beautiful little face. He wanted to erupt into her golden hair and deface her innocence. As he thought this, Lilia started to do just that, going onto her knees and taking him into her mouth. Somehow he had accidentally cast a spell to control her while she was sleep walking! Fearing she would be forgotten and jealous of not being included Ruby also came and got on her knees in front of him. He pulled himself from Lilias sweet little lips and then both girls pressed their lips against him, pleasuring him in unison. Damien felt the orgasm well up inside and then his load was shooting out, covering both of their faces and some even went in their hair, hanging like droplets of milk waiting to drop. He imagined both girls kissing now and Lilia did that too. Ruby seemed to be resistant at first but then gave in, kissing back. At that moment both the love potion and sleep spell expired. Both girls stopped, pulling away as they realized what they were doing, then both started to shriek.