 Sister Mara was a contrary soul. Sister Mara was always up to something. Her skin had turned deep, dark golden from the time she spent confined to Tower Rock, always for some petty violation of the laws. Some said she liked it there, enjoyed the havoc she could wreak on any unsuspecting ships that passed. Some said she just couldn't stay out of trouble.

It had been a source of constant worry to Jordana, since the girl's antics were showing no sign of stopping or even lessening, and they were growing less cute as she grew older. In fact, just yesterday she had spent much of the evening trying to think of a solution to the problem, something to keep Mara too busy for mischief. She had no way of knowing the problem would solve itself so quickly. This morning, three sisters rowed their way across the treacherous waters to the rock as usual, to bring Mara breakfast, and ask if she was ready to apologize to the elder who's hair she'd turned blue. They found her body, a small twisted heap close to the water's edge, damp with salt spray and dark, sticky blood.

The entire island was in an uproar. The Society for Change and Improvement had of course attempted to start a riot. As most of the citizens of Insula were too afraid of the possible killer lurking among them to even leave their rooms, only about one half of the courtyard was filled with screaming protesters. The din could be heard, although faintly, even in Council Hall where Jordana and the other elders discussed what form of action to take.

Nothing of this magnitude had ever happened on their small island. In fact, it was hard to imagine any of the peaceable sisters of Insula even dreaming of doing anything so horrible. Mara was dead, and a cloud had descended over the island, the likes of which hadn't been seen since the end of the rule of Men. 

A knock on the door brought the discussions to a halt. At Jordana's nod, the servant opened the door a few inches and peered outside. 

"Your daughter wishes to address the council, my lady," announced the servant.

Jordana risked a casual glance at the faces around the room, which had turned stone cold at this audacious interruption. She ignored them. She knew her own daughter better than they did.

"Bid her come in."

The doors opened and a young woman strode in, dropping to the floor with quick grace in the traditional cross-legged position of respect.

"Speak, child."

She rose just as gracefully. "I apologize for the intrusion, but last night I saw something which may be of interest."

"Go on," Jordana urged her. She herself was growing concerned at the fear and urgency in her daughter's voice.

"It was about midnight, and I was having trouble sleeping in the storm. When I peered out my window I saw a light on the water. It appeared to be traveling toward the tower on rock. At that time I thought it could be nothing more than a lured ship which would break up anyway before it reached the rock or poor Mara, and I went back to bed. But this morning I went down to the shore to look for shells and I found no sign of a wreck.

"A terrible feeling, you might say a premonition, took hold of me, and I went to the healer's wing to find Lisanne. In her room there are signs of a struggle - the table is overturned and the flower vase is on the floor in pieces. I - I think whoever killed Mara came ashore and took her..."

The room stood in silence as everyone took in what she'd said. Jordana sighed and spoke first. "Thank you, Kali," she said, then addressed the room at large. "Since the death of our old healer, Lisanne is all we have. We need her. We shall form a rescue party. We will bring her back, and make the men who did this pay. Please let it be known that we are accepting volunteers." Her words were brave, but her voice sounded hollow to her own ears. Even with their powers, to send women after the ship of men who took Lisanne would be like sending lambs to the slaughter.

"I'll go," came Kali's high clear voice.

Jordana turned to her daughter with a mixture of pain and dismay.

"Please, Mother, she's my best friend."

Jordana knew she couldn't refuse; that was the worst of it. Bad enough that they'd already lost Mara, and probably Lisanne. Must she also run this great risk of also losing her daughter? She understood why Kali must go, those two were practically glued to each other's side when duty didn't require they be elsewhere. She resigned herself to the nights of sleepless worry she would likely endure in the months to come. There was nothing she could do about it. 

No, there was one thing she could do, she thought, later that night in her rooms. She retrieved her ivory-tipped pen from her desk, and scrawled a hurried letter on a piece of parchment. She folded and sealed the letter, the distinctive poisonflower seal. One ring of the bell and a few minutes later found the letter on it's way to the port in the hands of a servant, a servant who knew nothing of the secrets to which the letter's destination pointed. A servant who knew better than to ask questions or spread rumors.

Her instructions were clear, go to the harbor and search out the merchant ship Silverwind. Speed was required, since this ship would only be here until midnight tonight when they finished unloading their latest shipment. Deliver the letter into the hands of its captain. Return to the palace, and tell no one of her late night rendezvous.

Jordana slipped between the silken sheets of her bed that night and slept, at ease for two reasons. The first, that her daughter was safe for now, asleep in the palace. The second, knowing the letter had undoubtedly by now reached its recipient, who would do all he could to follow its request.