 It was all so familiar. The sand grating at her back. The water washing over her body. Her pillow of impossibly tangled and sand speckled hair. And most importantly, obviously, irrevocably, him.

His well sculpted body gleaming golden in the setting sun. His touch, trailing over the sensitive underside of her arms, around her wet, cold, hard nipples, down her stomach and thighs. She wanted to beg him to enter her, but caught in his spell, all she could do was moan.

Each movement of his lips on her throat sent a small tingle down her spine. And just when she decided she couldn't possibly want him any more, his lips touched her right nipple. It seemed there was some kind of direct connection between her nipples and the burning desire between her legs, because at that instant the desire flared up quite nearly past her ability to reason. She arched her back and somehow managed to get out the word "please" on one heaving breath.

His hand found her slick entrance, one finger stroking the folds of flesh. She stilled, enjoying this new sensation, knowing it wouldn't be long now, until--yes!--just a finger, not quite what she wanted, but it felt so good pumping in and out of her. Still she wanted more, and she moaned in mixed pleasure and frustration. 

Oh gods yes - there it was, poised at her opening--please, now, yes--and suddenly she was filled with him. She felt the usual momentary marvel at how incredibly good it was to have her insides stretched to their absolute limit, then sensation took over. 

Each thrust brought her closer to - something - she wasn't really sure what to call it, but she could feel it coming. She realized that this now was less familiar than a few moments earlier, in fact, she couldn't say she'd ever experienced what was coming, and the thought made her suddenly impatient. She wanted to say something--faster, harder please--but she couldn't think how to make her mouth form the words, and he read her mind anyway. She readied herself for the explosion she was sure was about to come...

"Lisanne."

No! She didn't want to wake up; she was sure she was about to finally discover something, finally manage to reach the end of this recurring dream...

"Lisanne, wake up! I have a headache, and I need some of your tea."

Lisanne cracked her eyes to let in a little of the light of the lantern and a hint of Daina's outline as she stood by her bunk.

"I have the perfect cure for you," she mumbled in reply. "Lay off the rum."

"Come on Lisanne, I have the watch this morning, and I feel like shit."

"Scullcap. Red leather, black thong with two knots at each end." Lisanne put both hands under her pillow and turned so it was over instead of under her head. She tried to recreate the scene, to remember the beach and the man between her legs in sufficient detail to reenter her dream.

"You were moaning in your sleep. Is there maybe something I can help you with?"

That cheeky question jarred her irrevocably from any chance she'd had at again gaining sleep.

"Thanks...But no thanks," she answered, stumbling out of bed and grabbing the bag before leaving the other occupants of the room to finish their sleep in peace. Daina followed.

It was kind of funny. The same woman who'd seemingly hated her the most before she'd helped the captain was now her closest friend among them. Though Daina was a lover of women, they had an agreement between them - Daina could joke all she liked but Lisanne knew she would never actually try to put the moves on her. She was always coming to Lisanne for a cure to some minor ailment, and always paid close attention to which herbs the healer selected. Lisanne thought she might have more than an inkling of the profession in her. Damn her for interrupting the dream, though.

She'd been having that dream every once in a while for the past couple of years, and had not yet managed to reach the end of it. It almost seemed to be coming more often lately. It disturbed her. Everything about it was... forbidden. No, it wasn't forbidden to lay with a man. Young girls were actually encouraged to voyage to the mainland as often as they liked to get it out of their system, though their partners were usually given something to fog the memory afterward. It wouldn't do to have stories floating around of young men getting seduced by mysterious women, just in case someone from the mainland managed to put two and two together. 

No, what disturbed her about this dream were her own feelings while under its spell. The feeling of utter delicious helplessness that was, if not forbidden, definitely impossible in a real life situation. No man would be able to hold back if she begged him, even to draw out the pleasure. One moan would be enough to rob him of any ability to reason, leaving only a mindless desire to please her. 

But what disturbed her the most was that in these dreams she was... in love with the man. Though the act of love was condoned heartily for the propagation of the species, falling in love was expressly forbidden.

Not that it was much of a problem. It isn't easy to fall in love with someone who can never truly love you in return, only be bewitched by the sound of your voice. 

She almost wished she could stop dreaming, then at least she wouldn't be starting to wish she was just a normal human.

Far away Kali and her two companions were feeling just the opposite. They had brought one of their small ships to the mainland and were staying in an inn, trying to get word of who had invaded the island and why. Their powers really made their work easy; all they had to do is ask nicely and upon hearing their voices, any man would be incapable of saying anything besides the whole truth. They were trying to downplay their presence and not attract too much attention, but Kali was glad when one of their spies managed to deliver some useful information. Even if they hadn't any powers, the presence of three beautiful women at the small village inn was something to gossip about.

Stay safe, Lisanne, we're coming for you, she thought. It wouldn't seem that three women had much chance against a palace full of men, and Kali remembered her mother's worried face. Kali wasn't worried though. It had been a long time for Jordana, but Kali and her friends had more recently taken a pleasure trip to the mainland. They remembered quite well just how much effect the song of a Siren can have on a man.