 The power of a Siren wasn't exactly mystical, nor was it completely innate. Sirens were born with some ability, but much of it was learned with time and practice. Put most simply, it was an ability to draw out emotions. Just as a sad song sung by a skilled singer can bring a tear to the eye, the voice of a Siren could find the tiniest bit of emotion and increase it hundredfold, until the listener was overcome by the sheer intensity of it. There had to be a bit of emotion there to begin with, however. If ever there existed a man who truly had no emotions - not just one who was skilled at hiding them - then the Siren's powers would be ineffectual.

The song of a Siren could take the tiniest bit of curiosity from sailors on a passing ship and multiply it so that the sailors could think of nothing but reaching the source of the voice. The song of a Siren could find the smallest speck of fear - for who but fools are not afraid of something - and enlarge it so that the listener is overcome by it, unable to move, barely able to breathe. The song of a Siren could take a fleeting desire to end it all, and cause the victim to hurl themselves off of a cliff.

Lisanne wasn't about to reveal the full extent of her powers, but she had to do a few things to put her plan into fruition. The first time they took her in to meet the "sultan" she managed to deliver a few very quiet carefully-toned remarks that were perfectly normal greetings in word but caused the fat, balding man to drop to his knees in tears and beg her forgiveness for doing this horrible thing to her. 

Word had gotten out all over the city of how their ruler had disgraced himself. Lisanne also made sure word got out through her handmaids that she was just staying in the palace for a couple of days to take advantage of the wonderful perfumed mineral baths. She really did want to take advantage of the spa treatments they were giving her (if she was going, to be dragged all that way, she may as well get something out of it) and her escape would be both easier for her and more defacing for Malivar if she laid low for a bit and gave them a false sense of security. She hoped the gossip would find its way to Alex and Daina and they would not worry about her.

"My Lady. The Sultan wishes to see you tonight. He has ordered that you be made ready for him."

"Very well. He shall get his wish." Her words and her smile were completely innocent. Her tone, to the women present, actually sounded somewhat apprehensive, but the eunuch backed out of the room uneasily and hurried away. She had been using that same tone with the eunuchs each time she spoke with them. She wanted to make them afraid, but not too afraid to function for now.

Kali had arrived at the city below the palace and so had the man who was shadowing her. Though he hadn't been able to follow her over the land, a few greased pockets gave him the destination of three women who had left the inn, and he managed to arrive a few hours before the carriage. His ship wasn't called the Silverwind for nothing.

He watched as the three companions made their way through the city, quietly gathering information. It wasn't difficult. Everyone enjoyed talking about the wannabe "sultan's" possible coming humiliation. He froze when a woman in leather approached them on the street and started talking. He wasn't supposed to make himself known unless absolutely necessary, but he couldn't hear a word of what she was saying.

"You three are Sirens right?" said the approaching woman.

Kali and her companions froze and involuntarily stepped closer to each other, all thinking the same thing. Their powers wouldn't work on women. And this one was pretty tough looking, hair cropped short, in an all leather outfit that clung to her lean, fit body and testified just how strong she likely was. What would they do if she turned out to be a threat? 

"I thought you might be because you dress just like Lisanne. Have you come here to rescue her?"

The look on the strange woman's face was definitely hopeful, so Kali ventured to speak. "Why do you ask?"

"If so, I want to help. She is my friend, or at least, she became my friend on the voyage and she's taking way too long to break free."

"You're from the ship?" Mara. Kali grabbed the arms of the two women on either side of her and fled back the opposite direction.

Daina tried to follow, but was stopped by a large male hand. She glared up at it's owner. "And who the fuck are you?"

"Someone who needs to have a long talk with Alexandria. Do you know why she is taking low assignments like this last one?" He had heard enough of the conversation to gather that this woman was a crew member of the Mermaid's Revenge.

"You'll have to talk to her about that," said the woman, who then brushed past them in pursuit of the Sirens. He let her go. Though the current incident placed some doubt on the character of Captain Alexandria of the Mermaid's Revenge, he was sure no crew member of hers would attempt to harm the three. In fact, they'd probably be just as safe with her tagging along as with him trailing him. Maybe he'd go catch a bite to eat. He would need it. He had a strong feeling the four of them were going to come up with some plan to break into the palace and rescue that Siren tonight, whatever her name was.

The Siren named Lisanne was at that moment, getting elaborate preparations for her audience with the "sultan" that evening. Most of it was pretty innocuous, the tints they applied to her eyes, lips, and cheeks, the jewelry with which they adorned her neck and arms, but some of it was annoying or just plain embarrassing. They nearly pulled out the hair on her head to put it in some kind of silly complicated style, and did remove the hair in other places, using a sharp shell to shave it right off. The gown they had made for her, though very similar in design to the silk ones she wore back home, was made of a fabric, that besides the gold embroidery, was completely see through. She endured it for now. All this finery would make her victory more pronounced.

The preparations were complete, and she stood before a full length mirror to view the effect. Her hair was done up and crusted with jewels. Her eye lids were covered with a sparkling pistachio colored powder that brought out the sea green color of her eyes. Her full lips were shining with an odd sort of lotion made with some pink sparkling powder. The gown was jade green, with trailing golden vines embroidered all over, designed to bare her shoulders and most of her arms, which had been rubbed with another lotion containing sparkling gold powder. Her full breasts and rosy pink nipples could just barely be seen beneath the fabric, but her nether regions were obscured by a wide golden belt worn low on the hips. Her legs were long and shapely, with gold bracelets around her ankles and rings on some of her toes. It was perfect.

"My Lady. The Sultan summons you."

She followed without a comment, but she couldn't keep the wicked smile from spreading across her face as the guard led her out of the harem to the sultan's chambers.

Over the wall and down the hill, 4 companions and one shadower were hurrying toward the palace. Daina had managed to explain to the Sirens what had happened with Mara and they trusted her, for now. Time would tell, especially if this strange leather clad woman did indeed help them rescue Lisanne.

They were within sight of the wall when an eerie sound reached their ears. They all paused, and even Daina was somewhat affected, she felt a controllable but definitely present urge to just stand in one spot and not move till the song stopped. The three Sirens listened almost respectfully. They could hear it best, fully appreciate the nuances in the tones of the melody, and recognize which emotions the singer was expounding upon. She was talented, no doubt. The three were certain, as the volume of the song grew, that the entire city would be able to hear and be affected by the song of this Siren.