 So sorry about the delay in this chapter. I've been working some serious overtime this last week. I finally got it finished. Please feel free to send me feedback. Thanks.

*

Kat watched the scenery fly by. For the first part of their trip they took one of the palace's hovercrafts. She knew that soon they would reach the edge of the Areseric. From there out, they would be roughing it. She smiled inwardly at the thought of roughing it. She had spent many a night out on the farm camping under the stars. She had even managed to take several trips to Death Valley when she had been on Earth. Of course she had always gone after tax season as a reward for all her hard work. It had given her grandfather fits. But the barren landscape had fulfilled her longing for the landscape that she had visited so many times in her dreams. Now she was on the verge of actually seeing it and she was excited.. The hovercraft finally slowed before stopping in front of a shabby building. Charles got out of hovercraft and told her to stay put.

"Can't I come with you?" 

"No. We have just crossed the border into Areseric. I'll fetch our rides."

"But why do I have to stay in the hovercraft?" He sighed and then turned to face her. 

"Because my country is not as forward thinking as most. You will not be widely accepted here."

"What! Are you trying to tell me that women have no rights in your country?"

"Calm down, Katrina. It has nothing to do with your sex. It has to do with your origins."

"What in the hell are you talking about?" She frowned at him.

"You are an earthling. And until you become a citizen of Venus, Aresericians will view you as an outsider."

"So how do I become an Venusian?" 

"I'll tell you later. I have to go and secure our rides or we'll be delayed another day." He slammed the hovercraft door behind him and disappeared into the building. She sat in the hovercraft and fumed. He was such a high-handed tyrant. And to think she had even contemplated taking him as a lover! 

When he reappeared a few minutes later, he was scowling. All must have not gone well, she mused as she watched him stride angrily towards her. 

When he opened the door and got in, she half expected him to slam it. 

"Okay, Charles? Now, what's wrong?" 

"They are booked solid for the next two weeks. They only have one zephti until then." He cursed softly under his breath.

"Can a zephti only carry one or can we ride double?" When he scowled at her, she realized that he wasn't happy about the idea of riding double. "What is the problem with us riding double?" 

"I don't want to!" He turned back to the window and stared at the horizon. 

"Why?" 

"Just drop it, Katrina. I'll just have to find another way to get you there."

"Fine." She sat back in the seat and watched him. Eventually he would just have to come to the same conclusion that she had. They were going to have to ride double or walk. 

* * * * *

Charles continued staring out the window at the endless landscape. He knew that the sooner they started, the sooner they would finish. He just didn't know if he had the willpower to resist her for the two weeks it would take for them to arrive. Especially if she was riding double with him, as the thought of her rubbing against him as they traveled was enough to make his loins stir and tighten behind the fly of his pants. 

But would it be worse to spend two weeks riding double or a month in her company? He finally made the decision and exited the hovercraft once again. Entering the building, he strode over to the startled clerk. 

"You have one zephti?"

"Yes, your highness."

"Is it strong enough pull a skit behind it?" The clerk shook his head.

"She is a strong zephti, your highness, but she will soon drop her baby. That is why she is hasn't been rented out. But for you we are willing to make an exception. Your kindness to animals and humans alike is well known. If she decides to have her baby on the trail, you won't beat her or shoot her or the baby."

"Of course not. Is she strong enough to carry double?"

"Double?"

"Yes. Me and a woman about half my size?"

"I don't see why not. As long as you don't exceed five hundred pounds."

"Even fully loaded we won't come close."

"Then she will be fine."

"Okay. I'll take her. If she does have her baby, I'll keep her at the palace stables until the baby and mother are able to travel back to you." 

The clerk nodded his agreement. Fetching the paperwork, he smiled at Charles.

* * * * *

"Out!" Charles stuck his head in the open door before turning and stalking back towards the building.

"Grumpy, isn't he?" Kat asked the driver. The driver didn't comment but couldn't keep the laughter off his face. Kat laughed out loud. These people were something else. In a way they reminded her of medieval earthlings. 

When her eyes adjusted to the dimness of the room, she saw Charles signing some paperwork, and handing over payment to the clerk. Walking up to the counter, she felt like a kid looking over the ledge of a table. The edge of counter hit her about mid torso. Standing next to Charles, she felt like a midget. She barely came up past his navel due to his long legs. If one were to go by height alone, she would be easily be mistaken as a child. But her generous curves would soon disabuse the notion that she was a child. 

"Let's go!" he growled as he strode out of the room. She shook her head as she followed him out of the building. She was nearly running to keep up with his long strides. 

"Where's the fire?" she asked as she jogged next to him.

"What?" He looked over at her. 

"You are in a big hurry, Charlie. Gotta remember that I can't walk as fast as you. I love your long legs but you've got to realize that mine are not even half as long. I have to take three steps for your one." 

"Are you complaining?" 

"Nope. Just telling you how it is." She smiled as she teased him.

"Anyone ever tell you that you were trouble?" 

"Never," she replied, straight-faced.

"Brat." He entered a faded building and returned with what she assumed was a zephti. It was not as she expected. She thought it might resemble a horse but other than the fact that it had four legs, there was nothing else that even came close to being a horse. It had a skin that looked like it might be similar to human skin. There was absolutely no hair on the animal anywhere. Because it's front legs were longer than it's back, it had a slanted back. Riding double was going to be a challenge. Riding on it was going to be like sitting on a downhill slide and slipping with each step! 

* * * * *

Aric leered at the woman that was writhing under him. He held her legs over his shoulders. As he pounding against her, he savored the tightness of her cunt along his manhood. 

"Feels good, doesn't it, Ellen?" he gloated as he continued to thrust savagely into the moaning woman. When he didn't get a response, he pulled out of her. She cried out in denial. 

"Please!" she sobbed as her body throbbed with unfulfilled desire.

"You've been a bad little girl, Ellen. I asked you a question. I think punishment is in order." Flipping her over onto her hands and knees, he swatted her bare ass. 

"Aric, please!" 

"Tell me what I want to hear." He brought his hand down on her ass again - hard and loud - to prove his point. 

"Fuck me!" she begged.

"That's not the answer I was looking for Ellen, but it'll do." He thrust into her from behind. Gripping her hips in his hands, he hammered into her willing body. He laughed as she climaxed around him. This little bitch was so hot for him, she would do anything he asked. Even betray her loved ones. He stiffened as his climax hit him. 

"Son of a bitch..." He arched and gripped her so tight that he knew there would be bruises tomorrow on her hips. He collapsed over her limp body as his climax faded.

* * * * *

Rand paused in the middle of a sentence as a vision engulfed him. He could see Aric fucking a stunning brunette. He was dominating her. Making her beg for his possession. As the vision winked out, he tried to shake the feeling of foreboding that came along with it. What was the woman's importance? 

"Rand, is everything alright?" Gracie placed her hand on his arm.

"I don't know. I have a feeling that Aric is going to break his banishment." 

"If he does, it will be the last thing that he'll ever do, Rand. I warned him. If he ever returns to Venus, he will cease to exist." Rubbing her stretched and tender stomach, she frowned at her husband. "Surely he wouldn't be that stupid." 

"I think he is so desperate for power that he'll dare anything. Even defying a banishment order. But there is more to it than just that, Gracie. There is a woman involved."

"Who is she?" She wrapped her arms around his waist.

"I don't know. I've never seen her before."

"We'll just have to be on our guard. But in the meantime, your highness, I have something else that requires your attention." 

"Oh? And what's that?" He drew a quick breath when he felt his wife's hand slip inside of his dress pants.

"Me," she whispered into his ear, before nibbling on it. She drew his hands to her sensitive breasts. 

"You'll always have my attention, Gracie." He picked her up and gently laid her on top of their bed. After divesting them both of their clothing, he lay on his back and draped his nude wife across his muscular body. As she slowly sat up, she sank down on his waiting manhood. It was hard to believe that they had been almost married a year and yet the passion still burned brightly between them. Rand groaned in pleasure. Lifting his hands, he teased her hard nipples. Even with her swollen body, he found her devastating. He helped her rock against him in an attempt to keep their loving slow and gentle. But he should have known better. Within moments the fire between them was raging wildly and she was bouncing on him roughly.

"Sweetheart, slow down," he gritted between clenched teeth.

"Don't wanna. I'm too hot!" 

"Damn it, Gracie." He arched back and pressed his head against the pillow. He fought to keep from climaxing. He could feel her folds clenching him and fought to hold on until she found her pleasure. Reaching between their bodies, he brushed a thumb across her swollen clit. He smiled savagely as she screamed and climaxed around him. His smile slipped away as his own climax consumed him. Rolling with her, he laid her on her back, pulled her legs into the crooks of his arms and surged against her soft body as his orgasm exploded. 

"Gracie!" He shook as his body released it's pleasure inside of her. When his shudders finally ended, he braced himself on his elbows and knees above her.

"Wow!" Gracie smiled softly as she brushed the hair off his damp brow.

"Yeah..." 

"Well, Daddy, if I weren't already pregnant, I would be now."

Rand laughed softly.

* * * * * 

Kat stared at Charlie in disbelief as he held his hand out to her. He was already seated on the zephti.

"You want me to sit where?" 

"Come on, Katrina. I don't have the patience for this. We need to get going. Climb on."

"And exactly how do you propose I do that?" she asked as she eyed the animal. Growling in frustration, he reached out and hauled her up in front of him. 

"Straddle her." He settled her into the vee of his legs. She wasn't sure which one of them moaned the louder. Within moments, she could feel his erection against her bottom. She wiggled in response. He grasped her hips. "Knock it off." 

"What's wrong, Charlie? This was your idea." She looked over her shoulder at him. Perched on top of the zephti, in the middle of the slanted back, she was almost eye level with him. She licked her lips and stared at his strong mouth and chin. 

"Don't start. I'm taking you to Arianna and that's it. There will be no intimacy between us on this trip." He clicked softly to the zephti, who took that noise as a signal to move out. Kat drew a deep breath as the slight rocking motion rubbed her ass against Charlie and her mound against the hard back of the zephti. In dismay, she realized that it wouldn't take much to make her come. She steeled herself against the pleasurable sensations. She wasn't going to come on top of the zephti. Especially when Charlie had just made it clear that he wasn't going to make love to her. He whistled to the zephti. When it began to move, Kat gasped. She reached down between her legs and stuffed her bag between her and the zephti's back. While it put a buffer between her aching mound and the constant friction, it caused her hips to tilt back and rub seductively against Charlie's erection. This time he was the one that gasped. Gripping her hips he shoved her forward. She rocked forward and nearly fell of the zephti. 

"Damn it," he growled as he hauled her body back against him. 

"Well, make up your damn mind. I'm not a yo-yo." 

"Sit still." 

"Yeah, right." 

"And move that damn bag." 

"No." 

"What are you afraid of? That damn bag has you off balance and I'm going to have my hands full just riding without your weight throwing us off."

"I won't be responsible for my actions if I move the bag." 

"What in the hell are you talking about?" Charles gritted his teeth in frustration.

"What do you get when you put a horny woman on top of a moving animal?"

"I don't have time for your riddles, Katrina."

"The rocking is very stimulating. Damn, what did you do? Make love with the lights out?"

"Katrina!"

"What? At least I'm honest." 

"Why does everything have to be sex with you."

"Because for the first time in my life, I've found myself attracted to a man. You've done what no other man has ever done. I want to make love with you. But you're not ready for that yet. But when you are, I'll be waiting." 

* * * * *

Silence reigned for the next two hours. She had left the bag where it was and somehow managed to keep her sanity intact. Even, so when they stopped to take a dinner break, she was ready to jump his bones. She slid down and gingerly walked away from the zephti. Spotting a large rock, she headed towards it. It would be a comfortable enough place to sit before Charlie drug her back on the horse from hell. Zephti were definitely meant for only one person to ride at a time. Just before she sat down, Charlie stopped her.

"What?"

"Don't sit there. It's not safe!" 

"What?" She frowned and looked back at the rock. Then it shifted and lunged at her. Screaming she backed up quickly. The rock grumbled and followed her. "Oh my god, what is that thing?" 

"A kor. They are abundant in this area." Kat darted behind him and watched as it settled back down and became motionless again.

"How can you tell them from regular rocks?"

"Rocks?" Charlie looked at her in confusion.

"Let me guess --you don't have just regular rocks here?" Kat shook her head and chuckled. She accepted the food that he offered. Nibbling on the edge of the sandwich that he had given her, she watched as he poured some water into a small cup. He strode over and placed the cup under the zephti's mouth. Or at least she assumed it was it's mouth. This was a side that she had never seen of him. He was always busy running away from her. She was not surprised though. She didn't think she could be attracted to a man that was cruel. When the zephti finished drinking, Charles patted her neck softly. Finishing the sandwich, she walked over towards them. Stopping beside the animal, she ran a hand down it's back. When it leaned against her, she laughed. Scratching a spot under the saddle, she noticed that it pressed even harder against her side.

"Now you've done it. You've found her special spot." Charlie smiled as the zephti pressed even harder against Kat when she stopped scratching. 

"Rather insistent, isn't it?" 

"It's a female and female zephti are just like most women are." 

"Well, my granddaddy always said that if I wanted something bad enough, I shouldn't be shy about going after it. I guess that's one form of insistence." 

"I've felt your insistence. I hate to disappoint you, Katrina. But no amount of persistence is going to change my mind about becoming evolved with you."

"Really. How about wild monkey sex?" Kat asked wickedly.

"Katrina! The things that you say. After my chosen died, I promised myself that I wouldn't let myself get involved with another woman of power."

"You must have loved her deeply." Kat replied after a moment. 

"I don't know if I loved her or not. She was a very powerful witch, Katrina. She was good at using her magic against me. Good at manipulating me. And as tempting as I find you, I won't get involved with another witch."

"But I'm not a witch. A freak maybe. But I've never claimed to be a witch."

"Yet you use magic," he replied as he slipped the cup back into the saddle bag.

"Once in awhile, yes. On earth I rarely used it."

"Why?" he asked as he turned back to her. "You've obviously been given a gift. Just because I don't want a woman with power doesn't mean that there aren't men out there that wouldn't love to have a gifted woman."

"I know. If you weren't always hiding from me, you would have seen that in Trila. And you would have also seen me turn them down. I'm a very picky woman, Charlie. I don't just give any man my body, even if it seems like I'm throwing myself at you."

"Why did you focus on me, Katrina? Before Rand brought you here, you had never even seen me." 

"You're wrong. I've been dreaming about you since I was six years old and was sent to the ITS."

"I-T-S?"

"A school back on Earth." 

"Why were you dreaming about me? You've never seen me before." Charles asked as he helped her back onto the zephti.

"I'm not sure. The doctor told me you were just a figment of my imagination and that I was to old to have imaginary friends."

"I was reduced to being an imaginary friend?" he chuckled as he settled on the zephti behind her. Lifting her, he settled her on his lap once more.

"Yep. But I never stopped dreaming about you. Even after I graduated and started working. Then I met Rand and he offered to bring me back with him. I was tired of searching every man I met for your face and decided to try and forget about you. I was shocked when I stepped into the garden and saw you. I never expected to ever lay eyes on you." 

As the beast moved out, Katrina reached for her bag once more. She stilled when she felt Charles take it from her.

"I wish I could be a different man, Katrina. I wish I could have met you before I became so cynical about women with magic. But it just isn't meant to be. I don't care what Gracie's aunt has predicted. I won't chance being with another witch. Even if you aren't a witch, you could still use your gift against me. Or try to control me with it. It will be best if we just let it lay." He handed her the bag and helped her place it between her and the moving animal.

"The best for who, Charlie?"

"For the both of us. Now relax. We have a long trip ahead of us before we stop for the night." Leaning back against his muscular chest, Katrina tried to accept his words. But try as she might she couldn't bring herself to let go.

"It'll never be over between us, Charlie. Willing it to go away won't work." 

"Nothing will ever come of it. Even if I do slip up and lose control and take you, Katrina, it will only be physical. I will never have a relationship with you. I won't date you or even take you as my mistress. It would be more like a one-night-stand. I can give you the fuck of your life but that's all it will ever be. I don't want to do that to you. So do us both a favor and quit pushing." 

Katrina didn't know how to respond to the pain in Charlie's voice. She wished she could have met him before he had been hurt by Deanna's casual manipulation of him. A lone tear streaked down her cheek. She couldn't cry for herself but she found no problem at all in shedding tears for the hard man that was holding her. Reason told her to give up. But her heart defied all reason. She wanted to teach him to trust again. Almost as much as she wanted to make love with him. This was going to be a much harder task than she had envisioned. How did one go about teaching trust to a man who had been betrayed by the one that was suppose to have loved him above all others?
