 Sorry about the delay in posting this chapter. Unfortunately the cold weather has brought the cold season into my house. Please feel free to comment. All feedback is welcome.

*

Kat sat huddled on her bed. The clock on the table reminded her that she should have been in bed hours ago. While her body was quite sated, her mind was in utter chaos. She couldn't believe that he had actually tied her to her bed and made love to her with his mouth. What was she going to do? She loved what he had done to her but if he kept digging in her past, he was going to reopen old wounds. She knew that if he was seriously considering marrying her, then he had the right to know her background; but she wasn't going to marry him and she didn't relish the idea of him finding out about her past. As his mistress, he had no reason to pry. 

The communications console next to her bed flashed before giving off a soft beep. She sighed. Glancing at the digital display, she could tell that it was Charlie. If she didn't answer his summons she knew that he would more than likely come and check on her. And she didn't want that. Leaning over she punched the button. Immediately his deep voice filled her room.

"Kitty-kat, why aren't you sleeping?" 

"Because I'm not tired, Charlie. Other than calling to annoy me, is there another reason for you to be calling me at two in the morning?" 

"My room is right next to yours, Katrina. I can see the light under the door. Obviously I didn't please you well enough. Shall I come back over and try again?" His voice deepened and she was sure that she would be able to see desire in his eyes if he had been present.

"No!" she quickly protested.

"My teachers always did say I was a quick study, Kitty-kat. I'm sure that I'd get it right this time," he coaxed.

"You stay in your room!" 

"Then come to mine," he suggested. "It's not as if you haven't been here before," he added.

"What! I've never been in your room." 

"Really? What about the night on our journey here? If I recall correctly you were there."

"I'm hanging up now, Charlie." She went to push the button to disconnect the call.

"If you do, I'll come over there right now," he admonished. 

"I've locked the door!" 

"So? I'll just come in the same way I did before." He sighed heavily, before continuing, "Talk to me, Katrina, until you get tired," he coaxed.

"What?" she asked, confused by his request.

"Talk to me about your planet, Earth," he suggested. "Where you come from-this country, E-owa?" 

"Eowa?" A frown crossed her face before she realized what he was trying to say.

"Yes."

"You must mean Iowa. Iowa isn't a country, Charlie. It is a state in the Midwest. Which is part of the U.S."

"The U.S.?"

"Yes, the United States of America. I lived there my entire life. In a town that is not even half the size of your capital. It is mostly a farming and manufacturing state. We grow corn and soybeans. There are several cereal plants there."

"Cereal? You mean like Captain Crunch?" he asked eagerly. 

"Yes," she laughed, knowing his fondness for the children's cereal. It was quite a sight the first time that she had gone down to breakfast and she had seen him hoarding a box of it. 

"When we go on our wedding tour we will have to stop at this place where they make Captain Crunch." 

"Wedding tour?" she asked in a daze.

"Yes. It is customary for newly wed royals to have a tour after six months of marriage. I would love to tour your homeland. The only reason that Rand and Gracie have not is because she is carrying the next heir. All heirs are born in the castle which they will one day rule."

"So you were born in this castle?" 

"No. I received that right when I married Deanna. She was born here."

"And when she died that right - it came to you?" 

"It normally doesn't work that way, Katrina. The council decided I was a better risk than Aric."

"Aric. The Aric that Gracie banished?"

"Yeah. He's an illegitimate of the last king."

"So he tried to claim the throne?"

"Several times. And he wasn't above using his sister, his uncle, or me to achieve his goal."

"Your uncle? I read some where that you were Deanna's cousin?"

"Yeah. Second cousins on our mother's side. I started looking after Deanna when she was an infant. My mother would come to visit her sister, The Queen. While the ladies were busy in doing ladies' things, I would be sent to the nursery. It was quite a let down for an eight year old. But the first time I saw Deanna toddling around in her little pinafore I was smitten. I never out grew it either as we grew older. I am from the Vindexicis Warrior class. The urge to protect is deeply seated in us." Kat could hear the affection in his words.

"The Vindexicis?" She shifted uncomfortably. Did he still love his dead wife?

"Yes, it is a class of warriors that has all but died out. I am a throwback to that class. There are only a handful of us born every sixth generation."

"So, this class, do they also carry the wizardry traits of Venus?" 

"No. I have no magic. Until I have the Traiectus I have no power."

"What are you going to do, Charlie, when you go through this traiectus?"

"What do you mean?" he asked confusion evident in his voice.

"Your ban on magic. How are you going to abide by it when you have magic yourself?"

"I won't go through it. There is a special ceremony that I have to complete to welcome the power into me. I don't ever plan on completing the ceremony that will unleash such a thing." 

How sad, that he is going to deny something that is such an enteric part of him, she thought before changing the subject to a lighter note. She did not want to fight him.

"So do you have any siblings?" she asked brightly. She watched the clock on the table as she laid back down on the bed. 

* * * *

The next morning, Kat yawned widely as she attempted to study the material in front of her. It had been almost four before she had dozed off listening to the sound of Charlie's voice. And now she was paying for it. 

"Kat..." Arianna's soft voice broke through her stupor.

"Yes," she answered as she looked over at her.

"Didn't that son of mine let you sleep last night?" Arianna stopped beside her and placed a warm hand on Kat's shoulder.

"I had a bit of insomnia last night. I couldn't sleep." 

"Let's take a walk, dear. Nothing says that we have to conduct your training in a classroom. You can accompany me on my rounds."

"Rounds?" Kat asked as she picked up the papers in front of her.

"I usually visit the local clinic at least once a day to offer my assistance if it's needed. And I'm sure that the doctors would love to meet the future queen." Arianna added as she guided Kat out of the room.

"But I'm not going to be the queen..." Kat protested as Arianna led her down the hall.

* * * *

Stephan was pouring over the report that he had gotten on Earth's customs with Charles when his aide came into his office. He nodded absently at the young wizard. 

"So you are telling me that if a school aged child uses any of their abilities in a public school, they can be sentenced to prison?" Charles's voice was harsh.

"It seems to be the case, Charles."

"God, I hope that didn't happen to Kat."

"Here's the preliminary report that you requested, Councilor Dean," the aide said as he offered Stephan a thick manila folder. He took it with a puzzled look on his face. He tried to remember what information that he had requested. 

"Thank you, Edward. That will be all for now." 

After the aide left, he opened the folder, very aware that the king was watching him. The first thing that caught his eye was a picture of a five year old girl. Something about the girl was familiar. Picking up the picture, he studied the carefree expression on her face. She had dark brown hair and eyes. She seemed to be laughing at who ever had taken the picture. He handed it across the table to Charles. While Charles was studying the picture, Stephen picked up the first piece of paper. 

On top of it, it listed Katrina's full name, date of birth and location. He briefly pursuing the information. He began to read aloud.

"Katrina Elenora Littlebird, date of birth March 8, 2088. Born in Iowa City, Iowa at the University of Iowa Hospital. Mother- E. Littlebird. Father-unknown. Enrolled in Iowa City Elementary school in 2092. Was expelled in 2093 for breaking "No Power Law." Was sent to Institutional Teaching School which she graduated from in 2103..." he trailed off, glancing up at Charles. He could see the anger brewing deep inside of the king. 

"Please tell me that is a boarding school," Charles said harshly. 

Stephen pawed through the rest of the paperwork, looking for more information on ITS. He finally found another reference to it in Kat's record. Her criminal record. It only showed the date of her sentencing and her sentence. It said nothing of her crime. He assumed that it had been sealed due to her age. He sighed and debated on whether to tell Charles. It was in the past. What good could it do now, other than piss the king off? He slipped the paper to the bottom of the stack. 

"I'll have to get back to you on that, Charles. There is a lot of paperwork here and most of it is vague." He reached over and hit the communications console. "Edward, come in here," he ordered turning back to Charles. 

"Yes, sir?" Edward asked as he walked back into the room.

"Let me know when you get the rest of the report from Earth. I want every bit of specific information on the Institutional Teaching School."

"I also want to know if she was ever abused." Charles added. If so, it would explain some of the hurt he saw in her eyes when she thought he wasn't watching.

* * * *

Rand scowled as he followed the tracks of what he hoped were Gracie's and her captor's. Every time that he thought he was closing in on them, the tracks just disappeared. The only thing that gave him any comfort was the fact that each night when he stopped to sleep, his beautiful wife was waiting for him. The moment that he dozed off he always found himself in her arms, cradled against her swollen belly, feeling their children kick. 

Philip must have vast experience at roughing it in the Areseric desert, he thought. While he on the other hand had visited but never had been one to do any roughing it. He didn't know how Charles enjoyed camping in this wilderness. Maybe it had to do with the fact that he was a Vindexicis Warrior. There was much that he didn't even know about them. They kept their traditions and powers very much a secret. A few of the guards that protected his family were from the Vindexicis Warrior class. In fact, his cousin belonged to the secretive class. 

Rand scowled as he noticed the wind picking up. Looking off into the horizon, he noticed a large cloud of ash. 

"Ah, hell, no! This is the last damn thing I need!" he cursed as quickly yanked up his breather up over his mouth. Pulling his collar up he fastened his shirt. With in minutes the ash storm had enveloped him. He gritted his teeth as the ash tugged at his hair and clothing. He was going to be in a desperate need of hot shower when this was over. 

Within minutes the ash storm was gone. He gave a sigh of relief. These storms were never pleasant but thankfully they were never long-lived. 

"Come on, Gracie, give me a sign here, sweetheart," he pleaded as he noticed that the storm had erased the tracks.

* * * * 

Gracie watched the ash storm that was blowing across the planes of the desert. She was a bit more uncomfortable today than she had been the last couple of days. She knew that Philip was trying to make it easy on her but each time they moved her lower back bothered her more. Resting her hands on her extended belly, she gently tried to soothe the movements of her young. They had been very active for the last few days.

"Is everything alright, Princess?" Philip asked softly as he returned with a fresh kill. He knelt next to the fire and quickly prepared it for cooking. She swallowed roughly as she watched in displeasure. Her stomach rolled at the thought of doing such a task.

"What do you think? I'm uncomfortable, Philip. I am expecting triplets. I feel like beached whale and this constant moving around is not helping," she snapped as she shifted in vain, trying to find a more comfortable position and not succeeding. 

"I am sorry to discomfort you, Princess Gracie but this is no mere whim on my part. I long to go home. And you are the key to my return. I won't give you up. I will use you to accomplish my goal," he growled as skewered the meat on the spit that he had set up over the fire.

"Be careful you don't push to hard, Philip. I have been very accommodating so far. If I were to choose otherwise, I could make this very unpleasant for you." Gracie stared at him coldly. She was tired and she wanted to go home!

"Don't threaten me, Princess. I have nothing left to loose and everything to gain. I am more than willing to sacrifice you to achieve what I want," he warned.

"God help you, Philip, for I won't." She turned back to the ash storm and sent a quick prayer that her husband was allright.

* * * *

Charles watched as Kat fought to stay awake. They were attending another one of his endless council meetings. He reached over and took her hand in his. She started when he traced his thumb over the soft skin of her palm. 

The council had once more in session. This time it wasn't about the coming festival. It was about the budget. He had demanded that Kat attend it with him. He still cringed at the thought of their earlier fight about it. He was going to make sure that she was in every part of his life. If he had to attend these blasted meetings, she as his future wife was going to be at his side.

As he tried to focus his attention on the budget, his thoughts kept straying back to Kat. What he had found out so far about Kat's past was bothering him. Had she been imprisoned? The question ate at his gut like acid. Once he got the full report, he and his chosen were going to sit down and have a discussion. 

He glanced over at her when he heard a soft snore. She had lost the battle. She was sleeping in the plush chair next to him, her head tilted at an odd angle. He gently turned her towards him and lifted her into his lap. She mumbled a protest before snuggling closer to him. 

There was a pause in the conversation. He looked up at the councilor that was going over the budget numbers. 

"Please continue, Councilor," he said as he wrapped his arms around Kat. He could endure meetings like this for the rest of his life if he had Kat in his arms.

* * * * 

Jonathan stared down at his wife. She was lost to the demands of the raz-ice once more. He groaned softly as she arched under his body. He could feel her peaking already, even though he had just slipped inside of her.

"That's it, baby," he growled in approval as she climaxed under him. 

"Jonathan! Please," she begged as her body once again began to climb. 

Cursing softly, he rolled over and pulled her astride him.

"Ride me!" 

"Yes!" she screamed as she started bouncing on her prone husband. He reached up and tugged on her hard nipples. He could see the flush of desire on her face and it was more arousing to him than anything he could ever remember.

"Harder!" he growled as met her downward thrusts with his hips.

"I...I..." she gasped as her orgasm slammed into her. He moaned before grabbing her hips to hold her still for his violent thrusts as he began to spill deep inside of her.

Jonathan listened to his wife's breath even out as she lay slumped across his damp chest. He idly traced patterns across her back as he enjoyed the frequent tremors that gripped her. 

"Thank you," she whispered against his chest.

"I love you, Pati. We'll find a way to beat this." 

"I wish just once that when we woke up we could make slow love." 

Jonathan paused for a moment. He could hear the longing in her voice. Once they beat this he was going to make sure that she got it. 

"I love making love to you, sweetheart. Slow or fast, it doesn't matter." He rolled with her to the side of the bed with her. After picking up her delicate form, he carried her into their shared bathroom. Without much thought, he switched on the shower as he continued to hold her. When warm steam finally filled the bathroom, he decided that it was warm enough to enter.

Pati gasped when the warm water hit her. She sighed in pleasure before squirming in his arms to be let down. Jonathan growled playfully before letting her slide down him. His growl turned into a soft moan when her legs trapped his cock between them. Predictably he grew hard. 

Looking up at her husband, she smiled wickedly before dropping to her knees in front of him, savoring the water warm that hit her back and the sight of his aroused flesh inches from her face. 

"Pati..." he started only to moan as she licked the end of his cock in welcome before slowly sucking him into her warm mouth.

"Hmmm..." she mumbled around him.

"You little tease!" he groaned. He knew his wife loved to give head but she always teased him mercilessly before blowing his mind. Bending he tried to pull her off her knees. 

"Let me," she growled as she tightened her hand around the base of his cock while softly squeezing his scrotum with her other hand.

"Patience, baby, you don't have to do this," he moaned as he gently rubbed the back of her head. He realized when he didn't get a response from her, that nothing was going to dissuade her from it. Gritting his teeth he tried to prolong the experience. He almost thought he had it under control when she gently rubbed her soft fingers over the skin behind his nuts.

"SON OF A BITCH!" He tossed his head back and locked his knees as he fought to control his eminent orgasm. When she slowly slid her finger between his clenched butt cheeks, his control snapped! He growled and yanked her hands and mouth away from his close to exploding cock. 

"Jonathan?" she whispered in shock as he hauled her up his hungry body. 

"I've had enough of your teasing, baby. It's my turn." He quickly spun her away from him and pressed her up against the icy tile of the shower. She whimpered when her nipples touched the tile. She tried to back away but he was having none of it. "Oh no you don't. Stay right there!" he hissed as he softly smacked wet bottom. 

* * * *

Pati smiled inwardly as she arched into his next slap. Her goal had been to chase the shadows from her husband's eyes. Pity was the last thing on his mind now, she decided. She had deliberately teased him until he had to have her. She was jerked out of her thoughts as he hauled her hips back and onto his cock!

"Yes!" she gasped as need wrapped around her once more, burning hotter than before. This time it had nothing to do with the raz-ice. This fire was purely of her husband's making. He growled his approval as he started to surge in and out of her wet body. Already she could feel her orgasm approaching. How had that happened, she wondered. 

"That's it, baby. Come for me!" Jonathan's order was given to late as her body arched back against his and she exploded violently. Jonathan's roar of satisfaction barely registered to her fogged mind.

* * * *

Ellen stared at the relaxed features of her new husband. He was in a sound sleep as the spaceship got ready to launch. She winced as she shifted in search of a more comfortable position. They were both strapped into their seats. She envied his ability to relax at a time like this. 

It had been many years since she herself had traveled by spacecraft. In fact it had been over twenty-five years since the last time she had boarded a craft. She couldn't help but feel the butterflies in her stomach start their rapid flutter again. And this time it had nothing to do with the fact that she had promised her new husband anal sex in exchange for the thin golden wedding ring that now graced her finger. This time it was anticipation of setting foot on her home world for the first time since she had been banished. 
