 Aric watched his surroundings with the air of a man that hadn't a care in the world.  In reality - he was aware of every stare and every glance in his direction.  Before he had disembarked from the spacecraft, he had used a spell to alter both Elena's and his appearances.  He was hoping that no one would recognize him as the illegitimate son of the late King.  He had chosen to disembark in Areseric, since it was his home territory.  He knew almost every inch of land that he had hoped one day to rule. 

He had warned Deanna about bonding with that powerless man.  She deserved to have someone that fulfilled her every need.  Even though they were related, he had always wanted to have a piece of her delicious little ass.  The only thing that had kept him from taking her was that bastard Charles.  Even for a Vindexicis warrior that had denied his natural powers, the man had been incredibly hard to kill or control.  Deanna barely managed to control him until the day when Gracie had stripped her of her power.  

That's when he decided that she was of no use to him.  He had waited until they were 'preoccupied' before sneaking into their bedroom.  He had watched dispassionately as they made love on the four-poster bed that should have been his.  He took out the Earthling pistol that he had bought illegally.   He waited until it was obvious that the couple were on the verge of climaxing before pulling the trigger. His aim had been true and the bullet had entered his half sister and killed her. Her death should have pulled the Vindexicis warrior to his death.  It appealed to his unique sense of humor that while the couple was coming - they were actually leaving this plane of existence.  

He had never expected Charles to survive.  When the maid did find the bodies, he had acted as was expected and ran down the hall too, anticipating seeing them both dead, wrapped in a lover's embrace.  To his disbelief, Deanna was arranged on her back with the sheet pulled up to preserve her modesty and Charles was nowhere to be found.  He had found a bloody washcloth in the sink in their private bath.  It was the only clue that Charles had left behind.   

From his spies that he had scattered about in the High King's court, he had been notified when the disheveled Charles had arrived at the palace asking for asylum.  But then he would have been surprised if the warrior had not.  If anything Charles was not a stupid man.  

He was dragged out of these thoughts when Elena's hand tugged on his elbow. He turned and looked down at her.

"Aric, I don't feel safe standing here.  Let's find some lodgings." Elena looked around warily. 

"Relax, sweetheart.  Nothing will hurt you.  I know this is the first time that you been in Venus," he soothed as he led her over to one of the shops that catered to tourists. * * * * * * * Jonathan looked over at Patience. She was sitting erect on her zephti staring off into the distance.  She was keeping up rather well all considering.  They were in the middle of the Areseric desert, on their way to join Rand and Gracie for the upcoming nuptials of Kat and Charlie at the Renewal Festival.  He had been in contact with Rand, and they were both thrilled that Gracie and their children were well after the unexpected delivery.    This wizard, Philip, had a lot to answer for.  Jonathan was damn near as protective of Gracie as Rand was.  They were the original three stooges of Venus.  Where one was the other two weren't far behind. He knew that they all had driven the royal family crazy with their adventures and their numerous "midadventures" too. 

"It's almost time to stop for the night, Pati.  Just another hour and we'll be at the river that Rand told me about.  We'll bunk down there.  Then we're only a few days out from the capitol."

"I know.  I'm fine, Jonathan.  Quit worrying.  I'm pregnant - not dying," she scolded him as she kicked her zephti into a faster clip.

"Patience!" he growled.  Her laughter floated back taunting him, daring him to catch her.  

With pleasure, you little minx! he promised her.

* * * * * * *

Kat pulled out of Charlie's arms.  She stood beside the satin pillows of the huge bed where he still slept.  Since their journey in the desert, she had not seen her chosen sleeping.  He still possessed the same rugged features and physique but they were more relaxed.  The intensity of his personality was muted during slumber.  Sighing, she slipped her slippers back on.   As much as she longed to stay with him, she had many things to accomplish back at the clinic.  And for once here on Venus - she was going to use her gift for good. 

While attending ITS she had been called time and time again to the clinic to heal students that had been punished by the headmistress.  She felt that because she had such a gift, the headmistress had no reason not to beat the students.  She had Kat to heal them anytime that she got overzealous with the crop, belt or what ever instrument that she choose to punish her charges with. Unlike Kat, who's mother never visited her, many of the students had parents and relatives that visited quite often and kept in contact with them.  It wouldn't do to have the abused student able to show their families proof of the abuse.  The state would have surely shut ITS down if they realized and been able to prove the abuse that went on behind the walls.  

Shaking her head, she tried to push the painful memories away as she slipped out of the solar.  As soon as she shut the door behind her, Charlie opened his eyes.  The wave of pain that radiated off his chosen had awakened him.  There was much still so mystery about her.  He had read her file but it contained nothing of her years inside of ITS.  It gave a brief run down of her grades and her graduation date but nothing else.  He had a feeling that there were things that occurred inside ITS that had forever changed his little Kat.  

He rolled to his feet as a knock sounded on his door.  

"Come in," he called as he buttoned the silk shirt that had come undone in his earlier wrestling match with Kat. 

Stephan stuck his head in before he entered the room.

"I hate to disturb you but I need to get your approval to have one of the royal space crafts to leave Venusian space."

"Where's its' destination?" Charlie walked over to his desk before flopping in the chair behind it.

"Earth.  I told Kat's grandfather that I would send a spacecraft for him."

"Kat's granddad?"  Charlie paused before he pulled Kat's file and opened it.

"Yes.  I contacted him to attend your bonding.  It is customary to have a family member present. Normally it is the father that gives the witch or healer away.  But there is no known record of who Kat's father is."

"Do you have the paperwork with you?" Charles asked.  

"Of course." Stephan handed the paperwork to him.  Charlie glanced it over rapidly before signing it and handing it back.  

"Will he be here in time?" 

"Yes.  He should arrive the day before the ceremony." 

"Good.  Have him come see me when he lands.  I am anxious to speak to him about Kat."

* * * * * * *

Philip followed Rand and Gracie, cradling the small little girl against his chest.  He had been surprised that when they had placed their daughter in his arms.   The little girl stared up at him with her beautiful blue eyes and cooed at him.  His heart squeezed in response.  It had been many years since he had held such a small bundle.  He tried to bury the need beneath his anger at losing the crown.  But it still lurked under all the hurt and fury.   He smiled down at the little girl.  She waved a tiny fist at him.  He gently tucked it back in the blanket.  She immediately freed it once more.  

"Already taking after her mother," Rand observed as he slowed down next to Philip.  

"Maybe."  Philip replied.  "Or her father.  No one can say that you aren't as determined to get your way.  I've never been pursued as intensely as I was with you. There were several times that you nearly caught up with us."

"She looks like her mother." Rand said after a moment.

"Yes. She certainly does.  Lucky little girl.  But that's unfortunate for you.  How long do you think you'll be able to keep the suitors at bay?" 

"No man is going to get my little girl." Rand said fiercely as he swapped babies with Philip.  "It's time for Gracie to feed her.  You take my eldest.  He's already eaten."   

Philip took the exchange gracefully and watched as Rand nudged the zephti into a trot to catch up with his wife.  

Looking down at the serious eyes of the baby he held, he shook his head and tried to deny the longing he felt to have one of his own.  His brother was dead as was his mother.  He had been told that she had died in childbirth.  His father had been banished and died two years before Brett had joined up with Aric.  His father would have been disappointed if he had realized how his son had turned out.  

He essentially had no living relatives left that would claim him.  The few remaining cousins that he had, had all disowned him when his father had been banished. But he still couldn't help his longing for his missing family.  Maybe someday he would find a woman to bond with and start his own family.  

Like any witch would have him. he thought sourly.

* * * * * * *

Jason paced back and forth as he waited for the spacecraft that Charles's advisor had told him that he was sending. With the new 'hyperdrive' the time that it took to travel from Venus to Earth was a few hours opposed to the 2 days that it had taken when he had left with his daughter.  When he had first arrived on Earth he had longed to return to the red planet where he was born.  But as time passed he had found he had grown accustomed to the green fields and abundant waters of his new home.  He never thought that he would grow to love working with the land.  It had been a tough pill for him to swallow. Who would have thought that a Vindexicis warrior would take to farming?  

He stopped in front of the fireplace and took down the picture of Kat.  She was only five years old when this picture had been taken. Well before life had hardened her.  Before she had been sent to that hellhole that they had called a school.  Although she never spoken to him about what had occurred behind ITS doors, he knew instinctively that it hadn't been good.  His little girl had changed from a happy child to a bitter and withdrawn young adult.  If he knew who to lay the blame on the loss of her innocence, he would gladly beaten the hell and even the life out of them.  

A knock at the door drew him from his thoughts. He turned around and strode to it.  Flinging it open he was surprised to see two uniformed men standing on his doorstep.  

"Yes?" he asked, unsure why the local police were visiting him. "Are you Jason Littlebird?" 

"Yes." 

"May we come in?" the taller of the two officers asked.

"What do you want?" he said after a moment.

"We need to talk to you about your daughter," the other officer replied. "We're from the interplanetary council.  I'm  Agent Carthly and this is Agent Sithmen," the short man said.

"My daughter?  Last I knew she went on vacation with her boy-friend." Jason said as he led them into the living room.  

"Really?  We had a tip that she may have broken her prohibition.  When was the last time that you saw her?"  Both men looked around the room curiously before sitting down on the couch.

"Like I said, she called me and told me that they were going to 'Vegas to go gambling.  Didn't she inform her parole officer?" Jason asked as he sat down in the recliner next to the couch. 

"She reported to her parole officer that she was going out of state on business. When we contacted her office, they informed us that she was no longer employed with them.  So you can understand our concern."  The short agent tugged on his cuffs before reaching into his suit pocket and pulling out a notebook.  

"I had no idea that she had quit her job, Agent Carthly.  Like I already explained, she told me she was going on vacation with her boyfriend.  I don't know where.  She just asked if I could stop by and water the plants."  Jason replied just before another knock sounded on his door.  He stood slowly.  "I'll be right back." 

* * * * * * *

Jason opened the door and saw that the ship that Councilor Dean said he was sending had arrived. 

"Mr Jason Littlebird?"  A young man in a flight suit stood before him.

"That's me.  I'll be right out.  I have a few unfinished things to take care of.  It won't take me but a few minutes."  

"Going somewhere, Jason?"  Agent Sithmen asked from behind him.   

Jason slowly turned and looked at the man. 

"Don't make the mistake of thinking that you can intimidate me, Son.  I'm a Vindexicis warrior.  Just because I have chosen to live on Earth, doesn't mean that I have forgotten how to be one."

"And your point is?" Agent Sithman asked arrogantly.

"Son, sneaking up on a Vindexicis warrior is a foolish action whether you are on Earth or on Venus.  Now I suggest that you and your partner go elsewhere.  I have a spaceship to catch." 

"And who said that you are allowed to leave Earth?" Agent Carthly asked as he stepped forward. "And all this talk of being a Vindexiicis warrior, doesn't frighten me, Old Man.  I have the same abilities as you."  

"I strongly doubt it! I suggest you leave, Boy, before I lose what little patience I have left.  I told you I haven't heard from my daughter and that's the honest truth.  Now, leave so I can catch my flight."  Jason stood back and held the door open, a clear indication that he was finished with both of them.  

"Do you have clearance to leave Earth?  And don't lie, old man.  We'll be checking." Agent Sithman told him as he walked by him. 

"I don't need clearance.  I was never banished from my home planet.  I have just chosen to stay here.  My patience is gone.  Get your asses off my porch and off my property."  

When they just stared at him, Jason growled.  

"You boys just have to push don't you?"  His voice hardened.   Reaching deep inside of himself, he drew on the power that had laid dormant since he had first arrived on Earth.   One of the agents gasped and backed up.  The flare of power in Jason's eyes was all the warning that he needed to realize that he was dealing with a Vindexicis Master.   The other agent's face lit up with surprise and then anticipation.  

Jason waited to see if the young agent was stupid enough to try him.  

"Come on, Carthly.  Let's go.  Obviously he doesn't know where his daughter is.  And we have no right to detain him."  Sithman grabbed Carthly's arm and dragged him off the porch and towards the dark car that they were driving.  They both quickly climbed into the car; and within a few minutes all that was left of their visit was a dark cloud of dust.

"I wondered if they were smart enough to back off," the young man in the flight suit.

"I might have even enjoyed kicking their asses back to Venus." Jason replied.

"Speaking of which.  Are you ready to go?" 

"Yes.  I'm looking forward to visiting my home world once again." he replied. * * * * * * *   Gracie was sandwiched between Rand and Philip as they trekked across the desert. Each one of them held one of the precious babies as their zephti moved slowly.  They were nearing the small villages that edged the Areseric desert and led to the capital city. They were almost to Charlie's home - with tonight their last night before reaching the outskirts of Kartic. It wasn't the same as King Mica's home but they would be happy to be out of the elements.  Gracie was glad that Rand's piece of Venus was much more lush and hospitable than Charlie's.  Not that Gracie couldn't see the beauty in this harsh land, but it was not their 'home'.

Philip wasn't very talkative this morning she noticed.  Each of the three was locked into their own thoughts, but occasionally Rand would send her a private thought.  Gracie smiled at her husband as he held their youngest son.  

Rand, I am worried about what will happen tomorrow with Philip.  I know that Charlie will have to determine what kind of punishment he deserves.

Don't worry about it, Gracie.  Right now lets focus on getting our babies to Kartic.  I have seen the good in Philip.  I can understand his reasoning for kidnapping you.  I can't say that I wouldn't do something similar if I was stripped of my position as he was.  I am going to look into the matter as soon as we return home.  I will get to the bottom of this before I let any punishment brought down against him.  He made a deal with the devil when he followed instructions from Aric.  He saved your life and the lives of our children.  Why he has hidden his talent as a healer from everyone is a mystery; but I know that no healer can easily commit evil doings of their own free will. 

You think that he might have been under a spell? 

Maybe? But lets think about this, sweetheart.  Did he even once hurt you? 

No.  He protected me, made sure I ate and drank plenty.  He spoke of doing anything he could to return to his rightful place in his kingdom; but when it came right down to it, he called you, even knowing that it would end his quest to return to his throne.  Those are not the actions of an evil man.  Have we actually heard anything from his home country since the power transfer?  

I have not heard much from Sandova since the power change. But then again - they are a very private country.  They send their dignitaries to court but otherwise they keep to themselves. 

We definitely need to find out.  I don't want to see Philip ostracized or banished for this until we have the full story. 

I know, Sweetheart Gracie felt the brush of his power against her cheek.  She smiled over at him.

* * * * * * *

Charlie guided Kat towards her suite after she returned from the clinic.  She was obviously drooping from the extra time that she had spent at the clinic today.  Every time he had tried to pull her away from the clinic, she had found one excuse or the other to put him off ever since their little incident in his solar.  She had been trying to keep him at arms length even though they were still attending various meetings together.  She had not fallen asleep in any meetings since the last time when they had their dream merge.  He watched her fight through every one of them and some of them were truly boring.  He assumed that she didn't want to chance what would happen if she did fall asleep.  The dream merges were coming more and more frequently.  All he had to do was close his eyes and he found himself at her side and in her arms.  

"How long are you going to fight it?" he asked as they paused by the door.

"Fight what?" Kat asked innocently as she turned towards him. 

"This," he whispered as he leaned in closer to her.  He smiled when she stilled and then drew a quick breath.  He brushed his lips across hers before slowly sealing their mouths together.  He caught her soft moan and answered it with one of his own.   He took advantage of her parted lips and slipped inside to tangle his tongue with hers.  She tasted delicious - like a cool drink after a long trek in the desert.  He couldn't seem to get enough of her.  Would he ever, he wondered?  When he finally lifted his head, they were both aroused and panting.  He brushed her dark hair away from her flushed features.  He tugged on one piece as she avoided his gaze. 

"Hiding from me?" he taunted, willing her to look up at him.  It worked.  Her gaze flew up to clash with his.  

" I'm tired, Charlie.  Goodnight." She slipped into her room, shutting the door behind her quickly.   

* * * * * * *

Kat sat down on the edge of her bed.  She was exhausted.  She had fought long and hard today at the clinic with the representative from Earth.  He was adamant that there was no way that any passenger entering the Venus could have brought the virus with them.  According to Earth's laws everyone traveling to Venus had to be vaccinated for it or have had it.   
