 Elena lifted her head slowly as the pounding on the door continued. She wriggled under her husband. 

"Aric, get off of me. There's someone at the door. I have to answer it or they will get the manager to open it," she urged as she continued trying to escape from his pinioning weight. 

"What?" he groused as if coming out of a trance. 

"Let me up! I have to answer that," she scolded as the communications console next the bed began to chirp noisily. "Answer the phone and I'll take care of whoever is at the door," she said calmly as he rolled off of her. She winced as a fresh spurt of pain filled her when his dick slipped out of her tired bleeding anus. She grabbed the robe at the end of the bed, shrugging into it she tied the belt, and slipped quickly over to the door. Before opening it, she glanced over her shoulder. Aric was sitting up. He reached over to the phone and was about to push the button on it. She ran her hand through her tousled hair before opening the door.

"Can I help you?" she asked the uniformed officer standing in the hall with two other guardsmen behind him.

"Is everything all right, ma'am? Your neighbors called saying that there were screams coming from your room." The man said, eyeing her robe and rumpled appearance. He leaned forward trying to see around her into the hotel room. 

"Yes, everything is fine. I got little carried away. Sorry but it just felt so good." she said impishly, trying to keep her body between him and the room. 

"Ma'am, there was a report of things breaking." The man spoke so softly that no one other than she could hear him.

"Oh, I..." she looked at him uncertainly. 

"Do you need help?" the man asked, sympathy in his eyes.

"I don't know how you could help me...he's my husband." she whispered back.

"Has he hurt you?" 

She nodded and let her robe loosen enough that he could see the bruises around her waist where Aric had held her while he had fucked her on the spacecraft. She wasn't going to let the man know that she was fair of skin and bruised easily. Let him think that she was being abused. Perhaps that would get rid of Aric temporarily. Then she could set the wheels in motion for HER own revenge without her troublesome husband always underfoot. It would be the perfect excuse.

* * * * * *

The security guard paled as he saw the vivid green, black, and blue bruises that covered her slender waist and her lower abdomen. He could also see healing bite marks on her shoulder and the swell of one of her breasts. Either this woman liked rough sex, or she had been abused within the last week. He reached out and tugged the robe closed and retied it. 

"It's all right, Mrs..." he said quietly as he pulled her out of the doorway and into the hallway while he motioned for the two men behind him to enter the room. 

It was over in a few brief but loud minutes as the two men jumped onto the bed and pinned a very startled Aric to the bed. One man whipped out handcuffs and restrained Aric's hands behind him. They also bound his feet. His furious cursing could be heard out into the hallway where the security guard and Elena stood. 

"I don't know what I am going to do," she sobbed into his chest. "Once he gets out of jail, he'll beat me so badly he will kill me for sure." 

"Shhhh, you can come home with me." He soothed.

"But I can't..."

"Just until you can find a place of your own. The first thing you should do, ma'am, is get an order of restraint against him." 

"I'll think about it," she whispered. 

A few minutes later the town enforcers showed up to retrieve a very irate Aric. Elena refused to even look at him as they carried him out of the room And then down the hallway. One of the enforcers walked over to Elena and the security guard.

"Ma'am, I'm so sorry about this. But I need to ask you a few questions." the enforcer said as he led her to a nearby empty room. Another enforcer was in Elena's and Aric's room taking photos of the broken lamp and gathering other evidence.

Elena sat down and accepted the cup of water that was offered to her. The enforcer sat down across from her. The security guard stayed with her also. 

"How long have you been married to your husband?" he asked as he drew out a handheld computer.

"We just got married. This is our honeymoon." 

"I see. Has this ever happened in the past?" he asked.

"No, he's changed since we got married. He has an...unnatural fetish."

"And what would that be, Ma'am?"

"He likes kinky sex," she said as she lowered her gaze, pretending to be deeply ashamed.

"Kinky?"

"Yes, he likes anal sex. I've never even thought of a man wanting to do that."

* * * * * * Kat stood on the balcony and watched as her chosen rode towards the stables. The fierce tugging that had accompanied his departure had eased now that he was back on the palace grounds. 

When he came out of the stables, she moved back into the shadows of the balcony. There was no way she was going to let him realize that she had been waiting on him - like a worried wife does on her late arriving husband. Until they got married, she planned on keeping her distance. She didn't trust herself not kick his ass, or worse, rape him. She waited until he entered the palace before leaving the shadowed balcony. 

She walked into her suite then hurried over to the door where she turned the lock. She didn't expect Charlie to seek her out, but she didn't want to find out that he had gotten over his anger and wanted to make up. She wasn't done being mad yet, she decided.

* * * * * *

Charlie walked briskly into the main hall. He quickly scanned the hall looking for Kat. He frowned when he saw that she missing. It was nearly time to have the evening meal. Where was she- where was His Hellkat? 

He paused next to the table. King Mica and Master Iason were already seated.

"Where is she?" he asked softly, locking eyes with his Condocefacio. 

"Who?" Jason asked as he snapped open his napkin and laid it across his lap.

"You know damn well who I am talking about, Master Iason." 

"Don't take that tone of voice with me, young man." Jason said stiffly. "As to where my granddaughter is, well, that is for you to figure out. The last time I spoke with her, she was mighty upset with you." 

"She'll get over it." Charlie said between clenched teeth. 

"And if she doesn't?" 

"That's her problem. We are chosens. We're getting married and that's the end of it." 

"Well, you better inform her off that fact. She is under the assumption that your wedding is "off". I do believe she is planning to leave." Jason said seriously.

"Like Hell!" Charlie shouted before he strode out of the room, in search of his wayward bride.

* * * * * *

King Mica turned to Jason and saw the smile that crossed the Master Warrior's face.

"Did she really tell you that she was planning on leaving?" Mica asked as he reached for his glass of wine.

"Yes. She was planning on riding out in the morning and meeting Rand and Gracie." Jason said with his tongue in cheek. 

"You are just plain evil." Mica chuckled.

"I know." Jason replied honestly - grinning from ear to ear.

* * * * * *

Kat stared at the door as someone continued to pound on it. She had a good idea of who it was, but she was damned if she was going to answer it. Let him stew for awhile -- a long while.

"Katrina Littlebird - open this damn door! You're not leaving me!" Charlie yelled through the door.

She listened for a few moments but when it grew quiet she realized that he had not gone away. She wasn't sure how he had entered her room before but she had a sneaky suspicion that he was going to use the same mode of entry this time.

When she turned around to walk towards her open window, she was just in time to see the floor length tapestry that hung on her wall move to the side. She stared in amazement as her huge chosen squeezed himself through the small opening. She stood frozen in her tracks as he straightened and headed towards her. Her every inclination told her that she should run; that the look in his eyes wasn't to be trusted, because he looked like he wanted to devour her whole -- clothes and all.

"What?" she asked defensively. She inhaled sharply when he stopped inches from her trembling body. All she could see was his wide torso. She dared not make eye contact with him. Her body was already singing to her; she knew that if she saw the desire in his eyes, she would lose what little self-control she had left.

"You've gone and done it, Hellkat."

"Done what?" she mumbled.

"You've pushed and pushed until you worked your way under my skin. You decided long ago that you wanted me -- well you succeeded - so now you are stuck with me." He said huskily before reaching under her arms and lifting her higher and higher until she was face to face with him. 

She squeaked in protest before his mouth covered hers. Kat caught her breath as desire 'flash-flooded' her system. Instinctively she wrapped her legs around his waist to hold on as they hungrily explored each other's mouths. She moaned as he ripped his mouth away from hers. Like a baby bird with its' mother, she tried to recapture his mouth. Her blood was pounding while she could feel the wetness inside of her seep onto her nylon panties. She had never been aroused this fast before. She had thought that her previous kisses with him had been intense but this made her insatiable.

"There will be no more talk of leaving me, Hellkat. You're mine and you are going to stay mine!" he growled before fastening his mouth on the side of her neck and sucking strongly. Kat arched in his arms as arrows of pleasure shot through her neck straight down to her yearning pussy. She was so close! How could she be this close? They hadn't even done anything yet!

"Shhh...I know, I know! From now 'til the time we bond, this is how it's going to be. Our first time will be fast and furious, baby. We won't be able to control it," He whispered against her neck.

Kat shivered as she squirmed in his arms. Her sensitive nipples were pressed hard against him.

"But once we get our first time out of the way, I plan on loving you slowly," he continued as he slowly tongued the inside of her ear. "I'll be drawing out every caress, every kiss until you are begging me to finish it. Then I might just have mercy on you. I plan on licking and nibbling on every inch of you. I plan on having you dressed in just your sexy little underwear." 

Kat moaned deeply as she crept closer to the edge. Damn, she thought. She wasn't going to come from just his voice alone! She wasn't that desperate- that weak -- or was she!

"The first time I will probably rip them off; but I have bought you extra pairs of that sexy nylon underwear. I want to kiss every inch of your pussy through them, Katrina. I've been dreaming of it since the day you threw your underwear at me. Can you feel me? Can you feel me licking your wet folds? I want to suck on your lips through the nylon. Damn how I want to do that!" he groaned.

"Charlie!" she pleaded as he cupped her ass in the palms of his hands and rocked her wet mound against his hard ridged stomach.

"And them I'm going to pull the crotch of those panties aside, Kat. Do you know what I am going to do then?" he whispered just before he slid her further down his torso, aligning their pelvises. She cried out harshly as he started to buck against her - pressing his erection against her mons. 

"Please!" she breathed as she skated on the edge of an incredible release.

"I'm going to suck on your hard little clit. Can you imagine that, Hellkat? Can you feel me sucking it into my mouth before I drill it mercilessly?" He groaned against the top of her head as they ground their bodies wildly against each other. 

Kat began to pant hoarsely as she fought for her orgasm.

"Then after you come, I'm going to lick up every drop." he muttered between clenched teeth as he felt her start to shake in his arms. 

Kat drew in a ragged breath just before she exploded! She screamed as she flew over the edge.

"Yes baby. Come for me. Cum hard!" Charlie growled as he spun around and pressed her against the wall. 

* * * * *

Charlie groaned as she arched under him. Don't ask him how - but he could feel every ripple of her orgasm rush through her. It was almost as if he was inside of her already! His chest pumped up and down raggedly. His heart pounded! He could feel the dampness soaking through her panties where she was pressed against his dryla pants. He longed to yank them out of the way and bury his aching cock inside of her. He couldn't remember the desire ever being this intense and demanding with Deanna. He felt like he was going to come out his skin if he didn't come!

But he had to control himself. It wasn't time - not yet - he thought as he tried to control the bucking of his hips against hers.

* * * * * *

Kat sighed as her orgasm faded. She could feel the hardness of the wall against her back and the warmth of Charlie against her front. She opened her eyes. She could see Charlie braced against her with his head thrown back. She could feel him fighting to control the desire that was still racing through him. Instinctively, she knew that he was skating on the ragged edge. He desperately needed release she realized; he was fighting against it but he was forgetting one factor - HER! She reached up and yanked his head down to hers. 

Charlie growled as he met her eyes. She could see the liquid silver swirling in their depths. He was right at the edge, she realized. It wouldn't take much to push him over. And regardless of whether or not she was mad at him, she couldn't leave him like this.

"Don't fight it, Charlie. Take your release," she pleaded with him.

"No, I can't. I can't risk it," he panted as he fought her and his own body's demands.

Kat frowned. She wasn't going to accept this. Surely there was a way to break through his fragile control. She was damned if she was going to be the only one to have an orgasm! Then the idea struck her, as she remembered what he had moaned the last time that he had come for her.

"Isn't this how we are going to bond, baby?" she whispered in his ear. "Isn't this how you will make me your chosen? Pressed against a wall, taking your hard thrusts until you make me come and you spill your seed deep inside me?" She softly purred at him before sucking his ear into her mouth.

"Fuck yes!" He groaned as he arched in her arms and bucked wildly against her as he flew over his edge. Kat screamed in surprise as his orgasm triggered her own climax again, and she was dragged back over the edge with him. Their love - their bond triumphed again.

* * * * * * For the next few moments, the only sound heard was their breathing filling the room. Kat sighed deeply as she slumped against the cool fabric of his shirt. She felt limp and sated for the moment but she knew from experience it wouldn't take long for her to return to the ragged edge. Her grandfather told her that she would continue to be 'on edge' until the bonding ceremony was complete. 

"Mine," Charlie growled as he ran his hands up her back. Kat slowly lifted her head and met his possessive gaze. 

"What did you say?"

"You're mine. No other male shall ever claim you, Hellkat. I'm sorry about earlier. Please remember this moment -- this day - the next time that I anger you."

"Why's that? Because you actually apologized for acting like an idiot?" She asked.

"No, because this is the day that I am putting the past where it belongs. YOU are MY future. I am letting go of what Deanna did to me. Do me a favor, Hellkat?" he whispered into her hair.

"What?"

"Replace my bad memories of magic with good ones?"

"Gladly, King Charles," she whispered against his shoulder.

"That's King Charlie to you," he scolded, the laughter evident in his voice.

* * * * * *

Jason stared out the window in frustration. He wasn't sure what to do about his granddaughter. She may have spoken to him about Charlie, but she still was being closed-mouthed about what had occurred in the council meeting the day that he arrived. He had a feeling that she still hadn't forgiven him about what had happened in ITS. Sighing, he rubbed the back of his neck. He wished that he had done things differently now. But as his adoptive countrymen said, hindsight was indeed twenty-twenty. He knew that he had mishandled the whole situation with ITS. He should have gone to the council when she had been punished for the breaking on the "No power" law.

"Such deep thoughts, my friend," King Mica commented as he joined Jason at the window.

"Yes. I am worried about her." 

"I can understand that my friend. You had a hard decision to make, Master Iason. No parent wants to see their child placed in danger or hurt. I can only imagine how it is for you, because she is your granddaughter, and the expectations that she faced from being in that position. You've known for a long time what she was going to have to go through. She did not know and so she did not feel the pressure." He placed his hand on Jason's shoulder to comfort his worried friend.

"What am I going to do, Mica, if she decides to never forgive me? I couldn't get her out of there. I had no legal authority over her. I begged her mother to send her back home. But she was so bitter about her own exile that she didn't want her own daughter to have something that she couldn't have. I even tried to visit her once, but I was turned away without even seeing her by the headmistress of that awful place. I was told that Kat's mother had decided that Kat was not to receive any visitors. She claimed it was for Kat's own good."

"Why would your daughter do that?" 

"She was paid well by the headmistress," Kat said as she joined the men by the window.

Jason turned and looked down at her. 

"What?" 

"Why are you so shocked, Grandpa?" Kat asked bitterly. "My mother received a monthly check from ITS."

"Are you sure?" Jason whispered as a shard of pain hit him. He couldn't believe that his daughter would sell her own daughter.

"Yeah. She would taunt me with it when I stepped out of bounds; or when I wouldn't do as she asked. The headmistress was a real piece of work." 

"And this woman was given charge of children?" Mica asked, anger evident on his face.

"Scary huh?" Kat retorted. She sighed in pleasure as Charlie walked up behind her and wrapped one arm around her. She leaned back with a sigh of pleasure. Jason smiled in response to the obvious affection between his granddaughter and his student. He still had a hard time believing that his student had become the King of his grandmother's prophesy. 

* * * * * *

"I need to talk to you, Master Iason, if you have a free moment," Charlie said after Kat had been summoned away from them by an urgent call for a healer from the clinic.

"Of course." Jason said as they walked down the hall towards Charlie's solar. After entering the large room, Charlie got straight to the point.

"You are right. I need to go through the removal ceremony. But it has to be before the Renewal Festival." 

"I was wondering when you would come to your senses." Jason said with pleasure. 

"Well, I kind of got the 'sense' knocked into me." Charlie laughed. "My mother can be rather persuasive when she wants to be." 

"All good women can be." 

"Aside from that, I have a feeling I am going to need every scrap of ability that I possess to keep up with my Hellkat. I am going to have gray hair before it's all said and done."

"It seems like you two have mended fences."

"Well, I finally realized that under it all - the magic, the prophesy, her status as a healer - those things that I thought were obstacles mean nothing. She is my chosen and I'm hers. And heaven help me if I deny her claim."

Jason laughed softly. 
