 Thanks to everyone that has read Healer's Touch. It is hard to believe that I have finished Kat and Charlie's story. A special thanks of course to Gloria for taking the time to edit my work and the late night phone calls to help me when I have writer's block. Now that it's finished I'd love to hear any feedback on the how I did. Thanks.

Arianna whimpered as her new husband pulled her under the steady fall of pleasantly hot water. She should be sated, but her hunger still was as sharp as it had been when they had first entered Dean's quarters the day before. She had pleaded and pleaded with him to finish it - to complete their bond. But as of yet, he had mated with her in every position but the one that was guaranteed to leash the fire once and for all. 

"How much longer are you going to torment me?" she asked him as the steamy water soaked her hair and ran down her exquisitely sensitive body. There wasn't a part of him that he hadn't touched, nibbled, or licked. 

"Torment you?" he asked, arching an eyebrow at her. "And here I thought I was being a considerate husband by loving you so thoroughly." 

She glared at him as she pushed a strand of hair out of her eyes. Dean laughed before pulling her into his arms. She stifled a moan as she felt his hard erection against her abdomen. 

He sighed in pleasure as the water beat down on them. He slid his arm between her legs before using it for leverage, as pulling it up parted her thighs and exposed her soft tender flesh to the warm spray of water. Ari gasped as the rushing water teased her folds. 

"Dean," she whimpered as he dipped his head and sucked on the shell of her ear. 

"I want you, Arianna. I want to take you right here in our shower. I want to make love to you, to feel the water sliding over us hot and steamy while I slide into you from below." he said hoarsely into her ear, as he turned them towards the beating spray. Ari shivered as the hot water now ran down between their bodies. "Do you want that, baby? Do you want the same thing I do?" he growled as he nibbled on her shoulder.

"Yes, oh, yes!" she sighed as he sank down onto the heated floor of the shower, dragging her down with him. He reached between their bodies and positioned himself. He stared up at her with hungry eyes. 

"Look at me," he coaxed. She opened her eyes and looked down at him. She could see the flush on his cheeks both from the heat of the water and his desires.

"What?" she panted as she wriggled against him. 

"I love you. Do you love me, Ari?" he asked his expression tense with desire and hope. 

"Love you?" she gasped as the head of his cock entered her. 

"Yeah." he said between clenched teeth. When she wiggled and slid down another inch, his breath hissed out of his lungs. "Answer me!"

"Dean, I need you to finish it! I can't stand this." she begged as she tried to bring him deeper inside of her. 

"Then give me what I want," he coaxed. She shook her head as he sank to the hilt inside of her. He glared at her before shifting on to his side, taking her with him. As he had each time that she had denied his request through the night; he would give her release but would not complete the bonding process.

"No!" she pleaded as she realized his intent. "We need to complete it! I can't take any more! Please Stephan, I love you. YES I love you completely!" 

"Finally!" he moaned as he rolled back on to his back, dragging her with him. He reached up and squeezed one of her nipples as he arched under her, driving even deeper inside of her. 

"Yes!" she squealed as she felt their bonds enveloping them. Under her, he thrust furiously as they both skated on the edge of release. She panted as she met each of his thrusts, for she was nearing her breaking point. She could tell he was near climaxing as well - she had begun to recognize his own telltale signs of impending release. His hands always tightened on her, his eyes always locked on to hers. She had never seen a man keep his eyes open at the moment of his release. 

"Arianna," he pleaded as he fought to bring both of them through the bonding. She caught her breath as the tension inside of her finally snapped. She screamed while the violent surges of pleasure coursed through her. She was vaguely aware of Stephan reaching his own peak under her. When the bonds wrapped tightly around her, she sobbed in relief. Through their link she could feel Stephan's pleasure and relief as he, too, relished the deep total bond that they now shared. 

She collapsed forward and lay supine on his chest, then sighed shakily as the water continued to tease her back. 

"Thank you, baby." Stephan said against the top of her head. "I know how badly you need to be in control." 

"Hmmm." she mumbled as she enjoyed the relaxing warmth of the water.

"Why did you resist me so long, baby? Is it that hard to admit that you love me?" he asked as he used his powers to gently rub her all over.

"Now, why would I give you the upper hand, Mr. Dean?" she sassed as she raised her head off his chest.

"You little brat!" he laughed as he lightly slapped her bottom with his free hand. "All this was just a scheme to drive me out of mind!"

"Maybe." she said mysteriously. 

"I can see life is never going to be boring with you," he said with a contented sigh.

"Nope!" she agreed as she laid her head back down. 

* * * * * *

The Final Day of the Mezclar 

Kat lay on her side and watched Charlie as he slept. He looked so relaxed - his face at peace as he slumbered. She could still see the power that was inherent to him; she didn't think anything would ever diminish that...he wore it like a mantle. She reached up traced a finger across his cheek. He didn't even have a five o'clock shadow. Adding up the little differences amazed her; she was used to seeing Earthling men – they had facial hair and hair on their bodies. She glanced down at his chest - even there he had no hair, she mused. She gently rubbed the heavy muscles on his chest.

"Hmmmmm, that feels wonderful, Hellkat." he rumbled sleepily. 

"You feel wonderful." she said with a sigh as she draped a leg over his thigh and let their joined hands lie across his chest. It had taken some getting used to, she thought, as she stared at the bonds that kept them joined. She wasn't sure what she was going to do when the nylon cord was removed. 

"Our bonds will still be there, sweetheart; the physical bonds have been replaced by the bond of our love for each other. There can be no 'me' without you, Katrina. You are part of my soul. Just as I am yours."

She looked up at him, with tears in her eyes. 

"Oh hell, I said the wrong thing again. I didn't mean to make you cry! What can I do to fix it?" Charlie asked his face showing his dismay.

"Make love to me." She requested as the tears streaked down her face.

His eyes flared and once again the silver that she loved was present. She sobbed softly with pleasure as he rolled them onto their sides, lifted her leg and slid into her slowly-deeply. 

"Oh Hellkat!" he groaned as her sheath stroked him in response. "I love you." 

* * * * * *

The next morning dawned bright and sunny. Kat sat on Charlie's lap on the glider that he had installed just for her on their wide private balcony. They watched as the sun slowly crept into the night sky and chased the stars away. She smiled with pleasure as the sun caressed her face. 

Charlie rested his head against hers as a warm breeze filled with scent of the mellitus sensus drifted around them. Kat sighed in pleasure and marveled as she felt Charlie's powers surge within him.

"Thank you." she said huskily. 

"Hmmmm - you're welcome. But for what?" he asked as he gathered her closer. 

"Charlie, we have to talk about Pati and Jonathan. I think I know how to heal her but I am going to need your help," she replied after a moment.

"Gladly. I trained with Jonathan; I hate to see him torn up like this over his wife's condition. Besides it's a terrible way for any one to live - being addicted to raz-ice." 

"I'm glad that you feel that way. Because what I propose is going to be very intimate, and in addition, I would like to have your mother and Councilman Dean present to observe."

"Really? Why?" Charlie asked curiously.

"Because if this works on Pati, think of how many others it could help that have been fighting the addiction with no relief or remedy in sight." 

"I trust you, Hellkat. You would never do anything that would intentionally hurt us or anyone else." 

* * * * * *

Kat and Charlie stood in front of Rand once more as many of the members of his kingdom gathered. The huge outdoor arena was crowded; it seemed that everyone wanted to see that their King and Queen had survived the mezclar and that Charlie had actually bonded with his new queen. 

Rand greeted both couples warmly as he stepped back he examined them carefully. He first spoke to Arianna and Dean.

"Did it work, Stephan. Do you finally have what you have been chasing for so many years?" 

"Yes, King Randall. I can safely say that Ari and I have bonded completely. I had a bit of fight on my hands. But I knew I was going to." He looked over at his wife and lifted their joined hands and kissed her fingers. "But in the end she's become mine and I've become hers." 

"Good!" Rand said with pleasure. "Extend your hands, Councilman Dean and Healer Arianna." 

Arianna and Dean offered their bonded hands to the King. He chanted a spell and the silk binding unraveled and fell to the floor. 

"I now present the bonded pair of Stephan and Arianna." Rand called out as they turned and faced the people of Areseric." The applause filled the amphitheater where the severing of the binds was being held.

Rand turned back and faced the royal couple in front of him. He focused on Kat.

"Did you find your "dream man" Katrina?" he asked.

Kat smiled beautifully. "Oh, yes. He led me on quite the chase but I got my man." 

"Good. You are an extraordinary woman, and I hope your chosen realizes what a rare find he has in you." 

"He does!" Charlie assured him.

"And you, Charles. Are you still angry with me?" Rand asked with a twinkle in his eye.

Charlie replied softly – his voice for Rand alone. "No. But if you ever try do something as high handed as that again, Your Majesty, I will kick your royal ass." 

"You think that you can? Your powers are new. Maybe in a few years you will be able to." Rand said with a chuckle. "So we are agreed that your bonding has taken place? That you BOTH are bonded physically, emotionally and magically?"

"Yes." they said in unison.

"Good. It's been a long time coming for both of you." Rand said as he took their joined hands and held them between his hands. He chanted the spell to release them. This time instead of the nylon falling to the floor as expected - both Katrina and Charles cried out as the fabric transformed and a bright flare flashed through the clearing. When it died down, Rand stared in disbelief at them. 

"What happened?" Kat asked warily as her wrist tingled.

"Oops. I forgot to warn you." The voice that was heard came from the sheepish tones of Master Iason. Kat turned towards her grandfather. 

"You forgot to what!" she scolded.

"Master Iason?" Charlie questioned softly.

Rand scowled at the Master Warrior. Jason rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment. 

"I'm sorry, in all that has been and is going on, I completely forgot about the imprinting that happens when the bindings are severed between a Vindexicis couple." 

"Imprinting?" Charlie asked in a daze.

"Yes. Take a glance at your wrist, Charles." Jason encouraged.

Charlie looked down at his wrist. He gasped as he saw a brilliant, multihued band that encircled his wrist in the same pattern of the binding that had just been severed. He hesitantly touched the mark. He realized other than that skin being a bit warmer than the rest of his skin, it was seamless. There were no bumps or raised edges. It was as if...

"A living tattoo. It's just like a living tattoo." Kat whispered in awe as she touched her own identical marking. 

"Yes." he agreed as he lifted her hand to examine her smaller wrist in comparison to his. 

"It's beautiful." she whispered as both of their "tattoos" glittered and moved in the bright sunshine.

"Yes it is!" Rand agreed as he lifted both of their wrists to his lips and blessed both of them with a spell of steadfastness. 

"I, King Randall, am proud to present Areseric with it's first bonded King and Queen in forty years. King Charles and Queen Katrina, please greet your people as a bonded and chosen couple." He called out in a strong vibrant voice. Kat turned slowly as she took in the cheering people. In the last few days there had been so many things that had happened – some to question - and a lot to cheer about - now more was to come. She stepped forward to greet the people gathered for this final ceremony. 

"As my first act as your queen, I am happy to announce that I was informed today that the threat of our first plague in many years is over! All signs of the virus that caused it are gone! I am sad to say that in all 28 of our fellow countrymen and women died, but that over 1200 people were inoculated with the vaccine that was sent to us from Earth. A complete and intensive investigation, and the willingness of a pilot that had just returned to Venus to undergo deep hypnosis, revealed the source of the virus-carrying spores. This investigation has found that the wizard responsible for the release of the spores was none other than the man that died so tragically in this amphitheater a week ago. Therefore, I am delighted to say that all threat from this spore is gone." The crowd went wild once again. Kat held up her hand for silence, and the crowd quieted.

"But I want to stress, that both Charlie and I would appreciate if every Areserican would go to their local clinic and be vaccinated for this disease - in case of any future outbreak. But enough of that now...this is a celebration. I don't know about the rest of you; but I have worked up one hell of an appetite. Let's go and eat!" she called out.

* * * * * *

Kat was seated next to Charlie as the Renewal Banquet began. She watched as the servers brought out many trays piled high – each was full of delicious fragrant foods - and more trays with goblets of the finest wines for the adults and sparkling juice for the children. Next to her at the Head Table, Charlie brought her hand to his lips. 

"Happy?" he asked as the servers brought forth their plates covered with delicious food. 

"Yes. A bit anxious about Pati and Jonathan; but I want to celebrate with our people." 

"And so we shall." he vowed as he fed her a piece of juicy succulent roasted meat.

* * * * * *

Jonathan held Pati close as they lay in bed. He was feeling pleasantly full from the feast. He had spoken briefly to Katrina before they had come up to their quarters. She had told him that if Pati decided to go through with the "cure" then he would have to keep Pati at the peak of readiness without allowing her to 'cum' throughout the night. He had to build her up to the point that her desire would far exceed the point that the 'raz-ice' affected her. Then Kat and Charlie would come to them and show them how to use the link between them to enter the multiple tiers of their bond. Once they were "IN" there - they would replace the bonds the 'raz-ice' had with bonds to each other. It would mean that the part of her psyche that the 'raz-ice' was attached to now would be forever closely linked to the corresponding part in him. The cure would create a deeper bond between them; one he wasn't sure that Pati would want to enter into with him. Its strength would restrict their movements apart even more than the bonds that normal chosens lived with. 

"Okay, what's on your mind, Jonathan. I can hear the wheels turning in your head."

"It's time to talk about the cure that Kat was telling me about," he said with a sigh.

"Okay. What is it? It can't be all that bad," she said with a reassuring smile. 

He took a deep breath and quickly explained Kat's idea.

She looked up at him in amazement. Then she burst out laughing. 

"You thought that I wouldn't want to try this possible cure because it would strengthen our bond even more than it already is?"

"Well, you are a bit independent." He said softly. "And that is a very serious thing to ask you to give up what little freedom chosens have." 

"I would gladly give up such a minor thing to be free of this damn drug, Jonathan. And I would not be giving up one freedom for another. I find MY freedom in your arms, sweetheart." 

"It would mean that you would have to let Kat and Charlie see you in such a state. And I believe that Healer Arianna and her chosen have also asked to be present. Kat believes that it will benefit others as well -- if this works and that Arianna can duplicate it in the future. Will you be able to handle having four other people in the room when we are making love?" 

She stared at him for a moment, then she smiled up at him in a very saucy manner. 

"You know that just might be a turn on. Have you ever been watched before, husband of mine?" she asked him as she ran her hand down his stomach to find him hard and waiting.

"No," he hissed through his teeth as she captured him with her hand, caressing the long length of his erection. 

"Just think of it... two other couples watching us and seeing how much we love each other. Not joining in, but letting the fact that we are screwing each other's brains out, arouse them to the point that they have to find their own private spot to get it on." she whispered in his ear as she continued to stroke him. With her other hand, she gently toyed with the long strands of hair that were running over his shoulder. She knew all his hot buttons and just loved pushing them. She knew that if she tugged on them at the right moment he would come for her. He loved having his hair played with it.

"I would like it, in fact I would love to know that another couple was receiving pleasure from watching me.",she said as she sucked and nibbled on the shell of his ear.

"Son of a bitch!" he shouted as his seed flew from the end of his exploding cock and into her waiting hand.

"Oh you are such a bad boy, Johnny." She whispered in his ear, knowing that she would pay for her little taunt. If there was anything her husband detested - it was being called anything other than Jonathan. 

"You will pay for that," Jonathan promised retribution showing in his dark eyes.

"Call Kat first and let her know that I've agreed to it - to all of it." she said as she scurried out of his reach. "I am going to take a quick shower and then I expect you to be waiting to fulfill your end of the bargain." He growled and went to lunge after her. Squealing, she ran into the bathroom and quickly locked the door behind her. Placing a hand on her stomach she looked at herself in the mirror. 

"I just want the best for my babies," she whispered to them. "You need a whole mother, and not one addicted to 'raz-ice'."

* * * * * *

The next morning Kat and Charlie met with Arianna and Dean outside of the suite that Jonathan and Pati had been occupying since they had arrived. She could hear several soft moans and then a shrill scream vibrate through the thick wood panel of the door.

"Are we ready for this?" Kat asked as she glanced over nervously at Charlie.

"I have faith in you, Hellkat. You would never do something like this if you didn't think it could work – that it will cure this addiction." he said before brushing a kiss across her forehead. 

"Let's go and get this over with." Dean said as he wrapped an arm around Arianna.

Kat nodded and knocked on the door. She was not surprised when Jonathan opened it wearing nothing more than a hastily donned robe.
