 Sandova, 2118

"Prince Philip." 

Philip turned around and couldn't believe his eyes. In front of him was his Sara, but not the same Sara. She still looked like the little vixen who had tagged after him, but the stillness which clung to her was not the same high energy radiance he'd become accustomed to seeing in Sara. 

"Sara. You're back! It's good to see you. You've grown at least four inches since the last time I've seen you." He rose from the chaise in the library where he had been reading. 

"Yes. I've missed you, so I asked Mama if I could possibly stop and see you while Daddy was talking with King Angi." 

He noticed she had her hands folded in front of her. 

"How was Rathington's?" 

"Educational. I was lucky Mom and Dad sent me to such a prestigious school." 

He studied her carefully. This vision of proper witch was nice, but where has my little tarta gone to? Maybe I need to bait her a bit and I'll find her.

"Do you have a hug for your chosen?" 

She continued to stand across the room from him. 

"It would be unseemly, Prince Philip." 

"What have you done with my Sara?" He rose, crossed the room and stopped mere inches from her.

"She grew up. The teachers, professors and the staff at Rathington made sure of that." Her voice was so soft, he barely heard her words.

"Are you all right, Sara?" Concern whipped through him and he took her hand and drew her over to the chaise. He was unprepared for the thrill and power of awakening his inner magick. The moment he touched her, it awoke and spoke to him. 

Chosen. Our Chosen to claim. 

Philip stilled as he realized the truth of what Sara had told him so many years before was confirmed. I should've believed her. 

"I'm fine. I merely longed to see you. I've missed you dreadfully, but I am sure we'll occasionally see each other when Daddy comes to visit your father." 

"Come Sara, your father has finished his business with the king." Kara Glasten urged. Philip didn't see Sara stiffen but he felt a change in her none-the-less. Something is very amiss here and I intend to find out. I want my Sara back.

"Yes, Mom. I'm truly sorry, Prince Philip, but it's time for me to leave." Sara curtsied and left with her mother. 

Philip scratched his head before walking over to one of the numerous bookcases. Running a finger along the tomes, he finally found the one he was looking for. Pulling the thick volume off the shelf, he settled back on the chaise and opened it. 

An hour later he closed it with a smile. I've found the perfect way to bind her to me. She's too skittish for my liking. Something happened while she was away and until I figure it out, she's not leaving my side.

* * * *

"You did very well today, daughter. Your father was concerned Rathington wouldn't be able to tame the wild streak in you. It'll be a relief to him to know his fear was unjustified." 

Sara stared out the window, showing her mother the polishing which the headmistress had beaten into her. Mother has no idea how I longed to jump into Philip's arms as I used to. Nor does she have any idea Father allowed the headmistress free reign in my discipline. I almost wish Auntie Clara had never foretold my bonding to the next king of Sandova. Then Father wouldn't have become obsessed with how the future Queen should conduct herself and I would've never been sent off to that awful Rathingtons. Perhaps this is what she meant when she foretold of being tried by tribulations.

"Sara, are you ignoring me?"

"I'm sorry, Mom. My mind wandered. But I'm sure Father will be pleased."

"I say, Rathingtons was the best move for you, Sara, dear." Her mom continued to work on the needlepoint on her lap. 

"If you say so, Mom. May I retire to my room? It has been a long day and the travel from first Rathingtons to the palace and then back here has fatigued me."

"Of course. I'll send a tray up for you." 

Sara nodded and took her leave. 

* * * *

Philip knocked on the study door where his father had retreated to after dinner. 

"Come in." 

Pressing the door open, he stepped into the study. He spotted his father right way. He was sitting at the great desk, whittling as was his practice. Philip couldn't help but smile at the site. I wonder what the populace of Sandova would think of this? 

"What's troubling you, son?" Angi looked up from the slender piece of carnac he was whittling.

"I need your help, Dad. I need to perform a binding spell."

Angi paused and fixed his laser blue eyes on his son. 

"This is a grave request, Philip. Binding spells aren't to be taken lightly. Why do you seek such a spell?" 

"It's Sara."

"You want to perform a binding spell on the girl you swore was going to dog your footsteps to the grave? What has changed?" 

Philip plopped down in the chair across from his dad.

"I'm not sure, Dad. Gaerwn sent her off to Rathingtons where she's finally finished her studies, but she's not the same girl that left here."

"Other than her being your friend, why does this concern you?"

"She's my chosen." 

Angi set his whittling down. 

"Is that so? What finally convinced you?" 

"My magick. I touched her today and it spoke to me for the first time."

"I see and now you want me to help you perform a binding spell on your chosen. This could seriously backfire, Philip. Sara is a very feisty witch. Why not wait for the mezclar? It will bind her just as tightly to you as any binding spell." 

"How soon can I start the mezclar?" 

"It's not that easy, son. Sara has to trigger it. You'll have to wait until new moon approaches and then her body will jump start it."

Philip covered his eyes with an arm and groaned. "Do you realize how far away the next full moon is?"

"Yes, considering I helped create it." 

"Damn, Dad. I don't want to wait that long."

"It is only eight weeks away. Why don't we invite the Glastons to stay at the palace. I know I would love to see Sara once more. Perhaps I can find out what has changed."

Philip removed his arm and locked eyes with his father.

"Perhaps."

* * * *

Sara stood at the study door and listened as her father and older brother plotted against the King. Even with all the discipline Headmistress Raven doled out, she still couldn't break me of my little spying habit. I've learned to hide better so as to not get caught.

"Once Philip has bound himself to her, we'll use that bond to bring down the whole family."

"Are you sure we can control her, Dad? She's always been more than a handful." Sean's voice seemed to come closer to the door. Sara jerked back in response.

"Yeah, I had that bitch of a headmistress place a compulsion spell on her. According to her Sara is ready and all you'll have to do is say the correct phrase and she'll do everything we tell her to."

Sara nearly jumped out of her skin when her sister placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Still spying, little sister?" Kira's blue eyes blazed with hatred. 

"Let go of me, Kira." Her words while soft, where still loud enough the two men inside of the study realized they were no longer alone. 

"What in the name of Mica is going on out here!" Gaerwn yanked the door open. Sara cringed as beneath her father's disapproving gaze. "Just as I suspected. Still can't resist sticking your nose where it doesn't belong." 

She cried out as he grabbed her by her arm and dragged her into the study with him, slamming the door behind them. 

"Sit!" He pushed her towards a chair before forcing her down into it.

"Father?" 

"How much did you hear, Sara?" His voice was nearly as cold as his eyes.

"Nothing." Like I'm going to admit I heard him plotting to over throw King Angi. I don't have a death wish. Aside from that who would believe me?

Sara fought the urge to squirm under her father's intense stare. After a moment, he seemed to come to a decision.

"I do believe she maybe telling the truth but I think it's time we go to the next step in the plan, Sean. We've been invited to stay at the palace until she completes the mating ritual with Philip. It'll be too hard to bring her under with him hanging around. " 

"Indeed. Look at me little sister." 

Sara tried to resist the lure of his voice. As a hypnotic wizard, Sean will be impossible to resist.

"Go ahead and fight it, Sara. It'll only make it sweeter when I make you submit." The glee in his eyes made her realize, her brother was enjoying this much more than he should. As spots danced before her eyes, she gave into the extreme mental pressure.

* * * *

Philip stood next to his brother as they awaited Sara and her family's arrival at the King's palace. 

"I can't believe you've decided after all this time to claim Sara." Brent studied his nails before glancing over at him.

"I'm not going to discuss this with you again, Brent." Philip winced in remembrance of their fight. He'd not gotten into a physical altercation with his brother in years, but something about him claiming Sara had pissed Brent off. 

"I still think it's foolish. Aside from that, I'm the eldest so I should be joined first. I wonder if the bond between you and her, could be transferred to me. After all we are twins." 

Philip pinned his brother with an eagle stare.

"I wouldn't advise it. What happened yesterday will be nothing compared to what will happen if you try to claim what is mine!" 

"Boys, calm down. Your brother would never try to take something which belongs to you, Philip." King Angi joined them.

"Where is she?" Philip looked at the entrance to the great hall once more, expecting Sara to magically appear.

"They'll be here shortly. The guardsman in the tower called out a few minutes ago. Gaerwn and his family just passed through the south gate." 

As if his father's words were magick, Philip spotted Gaerwn and his wife coming through the main hall door. They were followed by Sean and Kira. Where the hell is my chosen?  Taking two steps forward, he finally spotted her where she was lagging behind.

"Sara." He would've gone to her side, if Brent hadn't grabbed his arm. 

"Let her come to you. Remember your place, you're a prince for the Love of Mica!" 

* * * *

Sara followed meekly as her father had commanded, but inside she was purely pissed off. The compulsion spell wouldn't allow her to do anything other than what he or Sean decreed. 

How did this happen to me? All I've ever wanted is what Auntie Clara had foretold me. Instead I'm surrounded by power-hungry relatives who want to use me as a stepping-stone to more power! 

When her father called a halt to their procession she bumped into Kira and fell to the ground.

"Watch where you're going!" Kira stood above her, not even offering her a hand to get up.

"I'm sorry sister. It won't happen again."

"Sara, are you all right?" Turning she focused her attention on Philip. He was crouched down next to her, with his hand outstretched.

Taking it she pulled herself up, mesmerized by the promises she saw in his eyes. Once again, she was dazzled in by his raw masculine appeal. While his blond hair was the color of honey, his olive skin was set off by his deep chocolate eyes. 

"Thank you, your highness." 

He arched a brow at her address of him. He started to speak but was cut off by his brother. 

"Ah if it isn't the lovely Sara, back to claim my brother. Are you sure you want him? I'm definitely the better catch!" Brent started laughing. 

"Thank you for your offer but I'm to become Philip's chosen, as it was foreseen." 

* * * *

Philip joined his father in his study later in the evening after everyone had settled for the evening. 

"So what do you think, Dad? Does something seem off with Sara?" Philip poured himself a shot of the imported Earthling scotch called Johnny Walker. 

"I agree with you, Philip. Something is definitely off with her. Added to the way her father and brother hovered over her, leads me to believe not everything is as it seems. Tomorrow bring her to me and I'll do a seeing on her."

Philip nodded before he tossed back the scotch. 

"One more thing, son. Even though you can't initiate the mezclar, why not use the dream merge to your advantage?"

"That I may just do, Dad. I'll bring her around tomorrow afternoon."

* * * *

Philip waited until after midnight before initiating the dream merge. She has to be asleep for this to work. He sent himself out into the dream plane. It didn't take him long to find her. She was slumbering in his solar on his favorite chaise lounge. Kneeling down next to her, he brushed her light blond hair away from her face. 

"Sara?" 

She opened her eyes slowly and focused on him.

"Baby, please tell me you're still in there somewhere." 

"Philip? I fell asleep." Her expression was confused.

"You're still sleeping, Sara. This is nothing but a dream." 

"Then make love to me, Philip. If this is just a dream, make it a happy one before I awake and once more am a tool of destruction."

"Baby, why do you think that?"

"Just kiss me, Philip. I need to feel your lips against mine. I've dreamed of it for so long." 

Philip groaned in defeat and covered her mouth with his. 

* * * *

"Prince Philip!" A guard shook him. Philip jerked back into his body with a growl of protest. 

"What is it?" He drew himself upright. In his own quarters he hadn't expected to be disrupted. Without thought, he rearranged his throbbing cock while trying to focus on the guard's words. His tarta packed quite the punch. He wanted her desperately. 

"It's your father. You must come quickly!" The guard was anxious. 

"I'll be there right away. I need a minute before we go though." He sent himself outside of his body once more to Sara's side.

"I am sorry, baby but I have to go, a guard is waiting and it has to do with my father." 

"Your duty to your father comes first, Tibi. But please be careful." 

"It'll be all right. If I don't see you again tonight, I will expect see you tomorrow morning first thing. We need to have a talk without your brother and father hovering over us."

"Of course, we've got so much to discuss." She smiled at him . 

"I will find her, you realize that?" he warned.

"Find who?" 

"My Sara ...the one you've buried away. She's still there - under all that composure you have been showing me and I intend to find her." 

"Prince Philip! You must come now!" Zeric, his father's advisor stressed as he rushed up to him. "It's imperative." 

Philip cursed as he was yanked out of the dream merge once more.

"Yes, I coming."