 A note from the author: thank you to all the people who have patiently waited for this chapter. i promise that the next one will be posted sooner. again, there is no sex in this chapter.

Horsechick

----------

Leihiel gave his mother a sharp look. "What do you mean, the answer to a prophecy?"

"We never told you because we never thought that there would ever be a female offspring of a dragon and his rider."

It is an ancient prophecy stating, in simple terms, that when the son of the Drache Reiter's leader accepts a Daughter of the Sky as his mate, it is the sign that war will reign for ten years. None know who the war will include, or who will come out victorious. Many have not wanted the war, and have killed any females that have been produced throughout the centuries. Neheil explained, and turned his head to face Azurina. That is the true reason that your mother hid you. She wanted to keep you safe, keep you alive so that the prophecy can be fulfilled. She was not afraid for her life. I know cause she came to me once she left you.

"Neheil!" Elana exclaimed, turning on her mate. "Why didn't you tell me this? I could of helped protect this young dragoness."

There is another portion of the prophecy that is only known to the dragons  he explained as he turned his head to look at Elana. The Daughter of the Sky must have knowledge of the land, and be able to survive without anyone's help. She must know how to protect herself, or all will fail. Her mother's dragon passed this knowledge on to her mother, knowing that he would not live to see his daughter grow, for the blue dragons are skilled at Knowing. Neheil look at Azurina again. Your father knew that you were meant to survive.

Elana stared at her partner of the sky with a look of disbelief on her face. "I can't believe that you hid the fact that our Queen has been in hiding all these years."

"Wait, what?" Azurina chimed in. "Did you just say queen?"

"Oops. I didn't mean to say that out loud. You weren't supposed to know that for a while." Elana said sheepishly.

Leihiel looked at Azurina, who had turned deathly pale under her lustrous blue hair. "Mother, father, do you mind if I take Azurina to lie down for a bit, away from the arguing. She isn't looking too good."

"I'm fine, Leihiel, truly." she assured him, staring at him with her ocean blue eyes that showed all her emotions. Leihiel saw that despite her reassuring words, she was terrified.

I don't think that she is ok mom. I can see the terror in her eyes. He sent the thought to his mother. 

"Go ahead sweetie. Show Azurina to the guest, I mean her room. The one across from yours." Elana turned a gentle set of eyes on the dragoness in elf form who was clinging to Leihiel for dear life. "You are more then welcome to stay here as long as you want. You can consider this your home. We will not hold you to the prophecy."

The prophecy has waited this long, it can wait again. Neheil agreed. Nothing is more important then the health and well being of our brothers and sisters of the sky.

"Thank you for your hospitality." Azurina said shyly. "But I will not impose on it for long. As soon as I have recovered from my long flight here, I shall be off again. I have never lived in one place long enough to call it home, and I have a feeling I never will."

"Like I said, you are welcome to stay as long as you want." Elana shot a knowing glance at Leihiel. "I have a feeling that you will soon fall in love with this....place."

"That will do mother." Leihiel said, catching his mother's slight innuendo. "Come on Azurina. I'm sure you want to clean up." He gently pulled her to her feet and led her out of the room. As he closed the door behind him, he heard his parents start to argue, or at least he heard his mothers side of the argument. Leihiel shook his head, and strode purposefully to the stairs. 

"Leihiel, wait." Azurina said, stopping.

"Is something wrong?"

I just wanted to say thank you. You were right.

How was I right? He asked in surprise

When you said your parents were compassionate, and would treat me well. I haven't been treated like this since my mother left me.

You are more then welcome. But you could of said that while we walked.

But I couldn't of done this. Azurina reached up and locked her arms around Leihiel's neck, gently pulling him down. When his lips met hers, fireworks went off in his head. He became enthralled in the kiss, wrapping his arms around the soft elf in front of him. She pressed her body tight against his, meshing perfectly with him, almost as if they were two pieces of a puzzle that clicked together. He felt her tongue probe his lips, and opened them to admit it entrance to his mouth. The kiss turned into a passionate, intimate moment, with their tongues dancing and their lips melding together. 

They had been kissing for a few minutes, tongues sparing for supremacy, when Azurina broke the kiss to come up for air. "Wow." she whispered, leaning her forehead against his chest.

"Did you..." Leihiel began, resting his chin on top of her silky hair, breathing hard.

"Feel the fireworks? Yes."

"Do you think...."

"That we were meant to be together. I'm not really sure. Do you think it is...."

"Weird that we are finishing each others sentences? A little. It is like..."

"We are reading each others minds."

"Weird. Maybe we should go talk to my mother. She might know more about this."

"I'm not so sure. Your mother was arguing with your father when we left, and they might not be done." Azurina replied, pulling away and staring up into Leihiel's violet eyes.

"We need to know, beautiful one." he said, releasing his hold around her body, only to move his hand to hers. He noticed that their hands fit perfectly together, just like their bodies did. "More then just about the sentence thing. We need to know what would happen if I were to take you as my mate, what the war would entail. Would you be willing to help fight this war, to make the world a safer place?"

"If it meant being with you, then yes. I don't know why, but I suddenly know everything about you, and I think you know what I mean."

"I understand what your saying. For instance, I know that you love the feel of water flowing over your wings from the rain..."

"That you revel in a sharp dive from high in the sky..."

"And that you miss you mother terribly, and you wish you could of met your father." He felt her pull away slightly, and realized that he should of kept his mouth shut. "I'm so sorry, Azurina. I shouldn't of said that."

"It's fine, Leihiel. It is just that seeing your mother and father together makes me long for the family that I could have had." 

"What can I do to make you feel better?"

"You can kiss me again."

"If I remember correctly, you were the one that started that kiss." Leihiel said in a half tease, half serious way.

"I do believe your right." With that, she stretched up onto her toes and brought her lips up to meet his again. This time when they met, it was like lightning sparking and a storm raging between the two of them, with no end in sight. 

***

Elana sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose as she walked out of her office. I swear, Love. If you ever do anything like that again, our partnership is through.

I never thought you would get this mad. Neheil replied through his connection with his Rider and mate.

You should of told me! You have no clue how embarrassing that was? Elana snapped at him. Putting me on the spot like that was not acceptable. I'm the leader of the Drache Reiter, goodness sakes! It makes me look like a fool!

I'm sorry, sweetheart. How many times do I have to say that?

No matter how may times you say it, it doesn't change the fact... Elana came to a halt as she rounded the corner and was faced with the most touching scene. Azurina was reaching up and wrapping her arms around Leihiel's neck.

Neheil, you have to see this. Elana said, accessing her magic and whispering the spell that allowed her partner to see through her eyes. As her eyes focused for him, Neheil saw his son kissing Azurina the way that he wished that he could kiss his partner, with a passion that only true mates could ever know. He watched, and noticed that there were sparks flying between the two. 

You should go separate them. While I am happy that Leihiel found love, they will set the house on fire like that.

What do you mean darling?

Look at the two of them closely. There are sparks flying between them, coming off of Leihiel.

Elana watched for a couple of seconds, then she started to see it too. I'll stop them for the moment, and I will cast a spell tomorrow that will protect the house from those sparks. It seems that Leihiel's true magic has finally emerged.

***

Leihiel didn't know how long that kiss lasted. All he knew was that he was in love with this beautiful dragoness in front of him. He had to take it slow though, as she was a timid thing and would probably become terrified if he told her. He would just take what he was given for the time being, and slowly work his way into her heart.

He practically jumped out of his skin when his mother cleared her throat behind them. "I know that I shouldn't interrupt, but there are sparks flying off of you Leihiel, and I don't want you to burn the house down." his mother smiled. "It is, after all, a tree." she laughed.

"What? How do I have sparks flying off me?"

"Your true magic has emerged. Come to my office please, both of you."

Azurina looked confused. "Why both of us?"

"Firstly, I don't think I could even keep you apart for more them ten minutes, and secondly, you need to hear this too." Elana said, turning on her heel and walking back to her office.