 Philip entered his father's chambers to find it crowded with people and Brent arguing with Sara's father and brother. As the voices escalated Philip realized Brent and Sean were nearly attacking each other.

"Would you mind telling me what's going on? Why all these people are in my father's chambers." 

"Your father has committed a terrible crime, Prince Philip. He's raped a young noble girl. Lilth de Sperate was found dead outside his chambers." Gaerwn's cold green eyes were filled with satisfaction.

Anger flowed through Philip hot and strong. 

"You're assuming because she was outside of his chambers, he was the one who raped her? What you're suggesting, Gaerwn, is nothing short of treason. You dare accuse your King of such a heinous crime! Where are your witnesses?"

"I was escorting Sara back to her chambers and witnessed her crawl out of his chambers." Sean joined them. "She perished a few minutes later."

"You stood by and let her die? Why wasn't a healer called for?" 

Red filled Sean's face. 

"I tried to heal her myself." 

Philip stared at him. What the hell was a hypnotic wizard doing trying to heal a raped girl instead of calling a healer? I need to see Dad's counsel on this. I can't believe he would've done anything like this.

"Where's the girl -- I don't see a body?" 

"The family has already claimed her body." Gaerwn gestured to the man in standing next to the window talking with Zeric. It was obvious Zeric was attempting to calm down the extremely upset man. 

"Then where is the King?" 

"He was escorted by the guards to his study, Brother." Brent threw an arm around Philip's shoulders.

"You let them treat him like a common criminal?" 

"Nonsense. The guards are there for his protection until we get to the bottom of this." 

"Take care of this Brent. I'm going to join our father." He turned and left the room, not seeing the flare of satisfaction in his brother's eyes, as if he'd played exactly into Brent's hands.

* * * *

Sara sat up as she heard the door to Philip's solar open and shut. I must've fallen asleep waiting for him. I'm hoping that since he's made first contact through the dream merge, he has broken this blasted hypnotic spell under which Sean has placed me. 

"Sara, what are you doing here? You should be upstairs sleeping."

"I was waiting for you, Your Highness." Sara rose off the chaise lounge and curtsied. Straightening, she devoured him with her eyes. She wanted nothing more than to comfort him. Under his tan, he seemed pale and the worry in his eyes tugged on her heartstrings.  I can't even go to him. Damn spell anyway.  She was finding out as she went, that while the spell kept her the proper witch, it also strongly limited her intimacy with Philip. It seemed her father didn't want her to be close to her chosen. It's more like he's afraid I will overcome this spell and spill the beans. 

"I really wish you would quit doing that." Philip took her hand and led her back over to the chaise. Sitting down, he pulled her onto his lap. She squirmed then told him primly.

"This is not proper, Your Highness." Mentally Sara groaned. This fake coldness was going to go over like a lead balloon. He's already noticed the difference in me. If Sean had been smarter, they wouldn't have tampered with my personality. 

When a low growl escaped his throat, she knew she was correct.

"Look at me, Sara." 

She locked eyes with him, and seeing the confusion in his, she knew her behavior had put the doubts there.

"We've been friends for how long?"

"Many years, Your Highness." 

"And how long many times have I asked to be addressed formally?" 

"Never, Your Highness." 

"Then for the Love of Mica, why are you doing so now!" His body fairly shook under her with his frustration.

Because this damn spell is making me! She fought the compulsion but in the end, she ended up saying, "I'm sorry I've displeased you, Prince... Ph..i...lip." It'd taken everything I had to just get his name out. 

Philip lifted her chin and stared into her eyes, seeking the truth she assumed.

"There is something going on here, aside from the fact my father has been accused by yours of raping and murdering a girl. I intend to find out what has changed and do away with it. There will be no barriers between us, Sara." 

Sara slumped in his arms. Could it be that easy? Could he break this blasted spell?

* * * *

Brent knocked on the door three times, paused and then knocked twice. The door slid open with a silent swing. Looking around he checked to make sure he wouldn't be seen before entering the room. 

"Ah there you are." Brent grabbed the feminine figure from behind. Kira squealed in surprise when he fastened his mouth on the side of her neck.

"Brent!" She pushed at him, trying to free herself from him.

"I've come to claim my reward, Kira." He yanked his shirt off and reached for the buckle on his breeches when he noticed she was just standing there. "What are you waiting for? I was promised a fuck and I'm here to collect."

She chewed on her lower lip before lifting her head to meet his gaze. 

"Daddy said I was to do what ever you wanted, but I didn't realize this is what he promised you. I'm a proper witch." 

"Good then be a proper witch and do as I say. I'm taking a huge risk here and I expect to be compensated. Aside from that if you please me, you might just be the mistress of the next king." He grabbed her by the arms and tossed her to the bed.

"But..." Her muffled cry was quickly smothered by his mouth.

* * * *

Philip knocked on the study door before opening it. Inside he found his father slumped behind his desk. He was stroking a piece of carnac while staring off into space.

"Dad?"

"Yeah?" Angi continued to stroke thecarnac without looking up.

"We need to talk." 

"We've already spoken of what happened in my chambers...I don't remember anything. Everything is a total blank! Damn it! I can't believe I would've done something so vile as to hurt a young girl, Philip."

"I believe you, Dad. This is about Sara." 

Angi looked up, focusing on his son. 

"Forgive me son. I've been so focused on these accusations against me, I totally forgot about Sara. Is there anything I can do? Until this mess with Lilith is straightened out, I'm a prisoner in my own home."

"I want to bring her here so you can see if she's been placed under a hypnotic spell or something of that nature. I can't believe my chosen has changed so drastically in the years she's been gone."

King Angi set down the carnac before responding. "Other than her outward reservation, what else is different?" 

"She won't address me by name. She tried tonight. She barely managed to get it out. She pushes me away when before she clung like a tarta vine. Something has changed and I don't think it's her."

The King nodded before addressing his son.

"Bring her in the morning. I'll see her then." 

A sharp rap on the study door, drew Philip to his feet. Walking to the door, he opened it. Gaerwn pushed his way into the room. 

"King Angi, on behalf of the High Council, I am here to inform you, you'll be standing trial on the rape and death of Lilth de Sperate. There will be guards stationed at every exit and entrance to the palace. You are under house arrest until the conclusion of your trial. Do you have any questions?" 

"How dare you?" Philip's voice was soft, but the look on his face was anything but as it filled with rage and distrust. 

"I'm here on the High Counsel's behalf, Prince Philip. I'm merely their representative." 

"Get out!" King Angi stood up and rounded the large desk.

"King Angi..." Wariness filled Gaerwn's eyes.

"As long as I'm still King, you'll give me the respect I deserve. Now get out of my study and out of my palace."

"And my family, your highness? Are they still welcome or shall I take them with me?" Gaerwn held his ground with a contemptuous snear.

"Take your family and leave." 

"Fine, I'll tell Kara and girls to gather up their things and we'll be gone in the next hour." Gaerwn turned to leave.

"Sara stays, Gaerwn. She's no longer of your family. She's now part of mine." Philip watched in satisfaction as the older man's spine stiffened.

"Sara is mine until the bonding takes place." Gaerwn turned back around with malice.

"It's already begun, Gaerwn. I won't let you take my chosen from me." Philip curled his hands into fists.

"We'll see what Sara has to say about that, Prince Philip." 

* * * *

Sara forced her eyes to stay open.  I think I've figured out how to get around this blessed enchantment. Using her weakened power, she sent herself outside her body. If Dad ever realizes I can shadow walk, he'd use it for sure. 

Drifting along the corridor outside of her room, she made her way to Philip's suite. Focusing her energy, she managed to press hard enough against the door to open it. Bad thing about shadow walking, in this form I have no body and so moving objects is a difficult task. Too bad I can't just float right through them.  

Floating over to the bed, she settled next to Philip. He was lying with his hands under his head and staring up at the canopy. With the sheets pooled around his waist, and him bare from the waist up, her natural desires for her chosen flared to life. 

Bracing herself for the discomfort she knew was coming, she settled over his body and attempted to merge with her chosen. 

* * * *

Philip drew a sharp breath as he felt the touch of a shadow walker. Instinctively he threw his natural defenses against the invading walker. His father had outlawed the practice many years ago.  How the hell did you slip past the palace safeguards. You're not welcome here!

Tibi, please? 

Philip stilled at the plea.  Sara?

Yes, please accept me. I'm not strong enough to hold this form, so my time with you is limited.

Without weighing the consequences, he opened himself to her. A warmth unlike any he'd ever felt before settled over him - a comfort and sense of well being immediately followed.  Now, I understand why some wizards and witches become addicted to shadow walkers, Sara. 

"I'm glad it brings you pleasure, Tibi. I know my behavior as of late has been mystifying. I'm sorry about that. I wish it were different."

Philip relaxed in her shadow walker embrace, relishing the closeness he'd been missing. 

"Why is it happening?" 

"My brother has placed an hypnotic spell on me making me follow their commands. I feel so helpless. My father wants the crown and he'll stoop to anything to get it, including using me as fodder for his ambition."

Relief flooded through him at her words. 

"You haven't changed then. How do we break this spell?"

"I fear it won't stop until my father has the crown." He could feel the despair which washed over her.

"Do not despair, tarta. For I will find away to break this spell your family has cast upon you. And then, only then will they realize the folly of their deeds, for I shall show them no mercy."

* * * *

The next morning as Sara was dressing carefully, an abrupt knock on her chamber door startled her. 

"Come in." 

Relief coursed through her as Philip walked into her room and closed the door behind him.

"Good morning, tarta."

"Your Highness." She dropped into an immediate curtsy. 

A frown crossed his face as he took her arm and pulled her up. "I'll let this slide for now but once this enchantment is lifted, I'll paddle your ass if I ever hear those words again or see you curtsy to me, Sara. Shall we go and see if Dad can help?" Guiding her through the door, he led her to his father's study.

Sara felt apprehensive as Philip shut the door behind them then locked it, she assumed, to insure their privacy.  How am I to help King Angi lift this spell, if I've been pre-conditioned to never speak of it?

"Please sit down, Sara." King Angi came out from behind his desk carrying the small tarta he'd carved out of carnac. Stopping in front of Sara, he handed the carving to her. "I made this for you. A gift for my future daughter."

Sara felt her cheeks flush. 

"Thank you, Your Highness." She took the carnac tarta from him. Stroking its' satiny surface, she was surprised by Angi placing his calloused fingers against her temples.

"Relax, tarta." Philip crouched down next to her, caught her free hand and held it tightly.

She swallowed as the warmth of his hands both soothed and stimulated her power. Even with the King's powerful presence in front of her, she could still feel the distinctive power flowing from her chosen. Closing her eyes, she relaxed and let her magick rise to assist the King's magick.

* * * *

Philip let out a sharp gasp as his father staggered back releasing Sara. He surged to his feet and barely caught his father before he fell. 

"Dad!" 

"You forgot to mention, Philip, that she's a shadow walker."

"Forgive me but I was unaware until late last night that she possessed this ability. Will you be able to lift the enchantment?" He helped his father back to his chair and settled him in it.

"No. Her shadow walker magick has bound itself to the enchantment. Without stripping her of her powers, there isn't any way to break the spell, other than finding the wizard who put it on her and making him remove it."

Sara cried out as she heard the words. Philip turned just in time to see her flee the room.

"Son of a bitch! Sara, stop." He took off at a dead run after her.

* * * *

Brent rolled off of Kira's sweaty form. His breathing was ragged as he tried to catch his breath after his third ride of the day on the luscious little brunette. Damn she's a fine fuck.  

He caught her as she tried to roll off the bed.

"Where do you think you're going?" 

Fear entered her eyes. "To clean up, Your Highness." 

He grabbed her by her long hair. "That sounds like a wonderful idea. You may have your bath after you clean me up." With brute force, he shoved her shocked face into his crotch. "Start licking. Don't miss a single inch of my cock."

A soft moan escaped Kira but she did as told. He sighed in deep satisfaction as her agile tongue began cleaning him. 

"Damn, if I'd know she would do that, I would've made her do it a long time ago." 

Brent opened his eyes and locked eyes with Sean, Kira's brother as he entered Kira's bedroom.. 

"She's a good fuck just as you said." 

Sean sat down in the chair next to the bed. Crossing his legs, he continued to watch his sister clean Brent's reawakening cock.

"Have you tried her ass yet?" 

Brent hardened in a rush. 

"She takes it up the ass?" His breathing was ragged again. 

"Like the little whore she is." 

Kira moaned - whether in protest or anticipation it was difficult for Brent to tell. The idea of shoving his cock in her ass was beyond his experience, but he knew before she left his chambers, he was going to sample her ass.

"Leave!" 

Kira lifted her head, obviously believing he was speaking to her. As she tried to slip off the bed once more, he grabbed her then tossed her on her stomach. 

"Not you. I'm not done with you yet." He smacked her ass. 

Sean laughed. "Fine. I'm going. But make it quick. Father says the council is getting ready to convene and pass judgment on Angi." 

If lust hadn't clouded Brent's mind, he would've noticed the lack of title in Sean's words and used them a sign to watch for betrayal. Instead he was so focused he didn't even notice the soft click of the door behind him as he forced his cock through the moaning girl's asshole. His moan of pleasure covered her cry of pain.

* * * *

A short while later, a refreshed Brent joined his brother and father in front of the high council. Out of the corner of his eye, he did notice Sara sitting in the corner. Ah, so the little mouse has decided to be here to watch the downfall of my father and brother. This is too good to be true.

"King Angi, please rise." Gaerwn motioned for the King to rise.

"I'd rather sit, Gaerwn. As long as I wear the crown, I shall do as I please." 

Gaerwn's mouth flattened in displeasure.

"Fine. We'll get to the heart of this matter. You've been accused of raping and murdering Lilith de Sperate."

"Which I did not do." 

"I say you did." Gaerwn countered.

"Then bring this witness forward and I'll set him straight."

Tension was thick enough to choke the entire room. 

"She. My daughter Sara was on her way back to her rooms when she saw you toss Lilith out of your rooms and then send a bolt of magick through the young Miss deSperate."

A loud protest filled the room as Philip came to his feet. 

"You lie! Sara couldn't have possibly seen my father do this!" 

"Really? You're claiming that your future chosen is the liar then?" 

"She's not a liar." Anger filled his face.

"Tell me, Prince Philip, how it is that you know she didn't see this things occur?"

"I was with her!"

"You were with my daughter? Alone?"

"Well no..."

"Then you can't disprove that she didn't see it."