 "Hey, Keah you there?" you called. "I heard a crash, is everything alright?" 

This Heatwave was unbearable. The building's A/C was out, so pressed against her apartment door, trying to hear of any indication that she wasn't suffering and didn't need help. You knew that her tap water filter would mean she should have plenty of clean water to drink, but their floor was having work done on the pipes meaning that no one would have flowing water for the next two hours. Listening closely, you could make out a faint sound.

"...AAaaahhhh...OOOooohhh...nnnnggghhh...!"

To you it sounded like she was... moaning. Maybe she was hurt and in some kind of pain. You still couldn't tell what was going on inside, so you waited in the sweltering hallway. It was always cooler in the halls that each unit, so you could only imagine what it was like inside her apartment. When the sounds became too faint to hear, you decided to try emailing her to see if she would be able to respond. A well deserved mental kick was in order for never asking for her number when you had the chance. A quick email was sent, then a faint buzzing on the other side of the door let you know that she received your message.

"...aaaaaahhh...!" There was a very subtle cry of surprise when it arrived

It didn't make sense to stand outside her door, knock, then send a message to your crush. Then again, you often didn't think straight around her, which was why you used this situation as pretext to talk to her face to face. You missed seeing her, your milk chocolate angel, her trim build and curly hair, her curvy frame. The kind of woman you dream about that you didn't know existed until you met her in person. Who knew if she'd be there tomorrow?

Keah, your neighbour, had only been back for a few days from wherever it was that she'd disappeared to. She had suddenly vanished one day while you were at work over a month ago. You were worried sick for a few days until she emailed you. Her message assured you that she was fine and asked you to grab her mail and water her plants while she was away. She returned on day two of the heatwave, and while you did say hello, you chose not to pursue or question her in her present state. 

The heat must have been getting to her the way she always seemed to be glistening with sweat. The few times you were able to make small talk, Keah seemed to not be feeling well. Keah would refuse to shake hands when you welcomed her back. She was never really bothered by the heat, yet now she looked like she was constantly perspiring or running a fever. When you caught a glimpse of her yesterday, she looked so exhausted, that you thought she would have melted already. 

Perhaps she was worried about her sudden, though slight, weight gain. The few times you'd seen her, her clothes seemed a bit too tight. To be honest, it did seem to you like she put on a few pounds. Though to her credit, it was a few pounds in all the right places.

"...elp!...ease...help...me...!" It was faint, bout you made out her message loud and clear! Something was wrong, she needed help!

Keah had told you about spending her early childhood growing up in Jamaica and how hard things could get for her family. She was tough, yet she trusted you enough to lend you her spare key to her 2 bed and one bath apartment before she took whatever sudden trip she had just recently returned from. You were hoping to return it under better circumstances, but for now whatever situation she was having took priority over your wants. You quickly opened the door to assess her situation and determine if an ambulance was necessary.

As you entered, you could immediately tell that something was off. As you had expected, her apartment was sweltering. Staring straight ahead, the living room window revealed the sun just beginning to near the horizon, things should begin to cool down another hour or so.

"Hey Keah, I'm here! Are you alright? Do I need to call for an ambulance or police?" Though you tried to remain calm, your voice betrayed your anxiety.

"*squelch*Hhhhaaaahhh...!Please...*schlick*...I...need to...*schlep*...bathtub...*squish*...please...!" She was calling from the direction of her bedroom. 

This was the detail that had you thinking that something was strange. Her voice was coming from her room, yet you could very clearly see her twisted leg on the ground leading to the apartment's hallway. If she had fallen in the hall, why did her voice sound so distant? And what the hell was making that bizarre squishing sound!? And that...smell? If she was seriously hurt, there was no time to waste.

You rounded the corner of the hall an froze in your tracks when you felt something squish under your foot.

"OOOooohhh goooodddd...!...Cooome...pleeeaaasse!"

Your brain was having trouble processing just what it was that you were seeing and feeling simply stopped functioning. On the ground in front of you was her left leg, or at least some of it. When you turned the corner, that squish you felt was you stepping on something very long, very soft, and sharing Keah's skin tone. Then it began to move! Following the length of the strange tube revealed an elongated hand slowly working its way down another length of elongated chocolate tubing. There was an absolute mess of gleaming brown flesh twisting this way and that, knotting and squeezing upon itself. And whenever one part of it all found another part that it felt needed attention, a long moan would sound from Keah's bedroom.

You sort of had an idea of what to expect, but the sight was still jarring. Keah was in bed, at least, some of her was. It was difficult to tell where one part of her began and another ended. Her entire nude body seemed to be slowly stretching, flowing as the heat only served to soften her body more. All of her features distorted, she appeared to be a giant warm piece of shiny brown taffy. Clear as day in one corner of the room, was her other hand, coated in her juices and desperately trying to shove more of her other foot into her dripping pink warmth. She was a gummy.

Everything since her disappearance and return and lack of social contact suddenly made sence. Becoming a gummy must have been humiliating for her. The treatment would have kept her from making contact with anyone. And this heatwave was wreaking havoc on her form. None of that changed the fact that she had asked, no, called for your help.

Keah saw you approach, but she was so into herself with unintended pleasure that she could no long speak to you. There, underneath a long thick tube on the ground, was her cell. Resting at the end of this particular glossy tube was a noticeable dark patch of slick skin with a thumb sized nub at the end. The alert from you email must have been like a short vibrator to her.

The article regarding Flexis-Fluidum mentioned higher temperatures causing gummies to soften, making them more prone to accidental stimulation. You reasoned that her earlier mention of the bathtub was her telling you what she needed. What she needed was simple, an ice cold shower for her body to firm up.

You began to gather her bit by bit, leaving her head for last. Beginning with the extremities it the hallway, you began to bundle the long chocolate bands. It was obvious that your touch was sensual to her, every time you grabbed a piece of her warm doughy flesh, she struggled to stifle a moan. The task soon became unbearable for her, and she decided to let go of her personal restraint and let the pleasure she was feeling wash over her. She was now letting herself cum. Worse, You as well were finding the situation strangely arousing.

As you gathered more and more of her, the stimulation began to become too much. With each load of Keah's body, she felt softer than before. It was a struggle to gather her into neat bundle as it was, but now every part of her began to sag and meld together. Her orgasms were coming stronger and she was actually starting to melt! Your task was almost complete, however two major portions still remained. By now the hand and foot in her plump nether lips were nearly liquid, with so much forced within herself that her current orgasm was causing them to flow out of her. At this point her body was too soft to grab more than a hand full at once. Thinking quickly, you made use of a clean plastic basin she kept stored on the bathroom counter top and began scooping the last of her oozing flower and posterior into the basin for transport. Finally, you carefully poured her neck and head into the basin using her bed sheet as a makeshift funnel. It fascinated you for a few seconds to note that despite the gooey mess her body had become over the course of the evening, she left no residue, besides her juices, on anything. The smell of her sex hung heavy in the room and seeing her pleasure herself for so long nearly brought you to the brink yourself.

A quick test of the sink confirmed that the pipe work had been completed. The tub was half-full of long gooey tubes of gleaming sepia brown Keah. Her head lay over the edge of the tub, slowly extending towards the floor as involuntarily continued to pleasure her flowing womanhood, lost somewhere in her ever churning mass. You turned on the shower with only cold water washing over her and waited. The effect was immediate. Keah's eyes shot open as her surface quickly solidified. Afraid that the water was too cold for her, you reached over to adjust the temperature. A soft and damp hand reached out of her mass to stop you. Seeing her face erased your arousal from the evening and replaced it with humor. The obviously cold shock had left her visage a shivering, teeth chattering picture of hilarity. You had to stifle your chuckles.

"D-don't t-turn on any Hot w-water. Need to c-chill t-through. G-get s-solid." She alerted you through chattering teeth.

You just smiled and nodded. Your arousal returned in full force as her restoration took place before your eyes. When the cold water first touched her, her surface visibly tightened though she still flowed underneath. The cold water had reached the overflow valve as it flowed over, around and through her firming body. As she cooled, Keah was slowly returning to her original proportions. About forty-five minutes later, a fully restored nude woman lay in a tub full of cold water. Damp and shivering You offered her a towel to dry off. It was only as she stood and took the cloth from you that you realised everything that had taken place this evening.

First you walked in on your neighbour, your crush, masturbating the night away. Then You proceeded to pleasure her yourself without her consent. Finally, you just watched her take a bath, and not for one second bothering to give her some privacy. How could you be such a clueless asshole! You turned on your heels and took several paces out of the bathroom before closing the door and profusely apologizing.

"Oh my god, Keah I didn't mean to watch all of that! I was just trying to help because you sounded like you were in pain, and I couldn't stand the thought of you in pain, and I'm sorry for not giving you any privacy in here, and I'm just sorry in general for being just such a dumbass!" You rambled. "I'll understand if you want me to just leave you alone for the night or never speak to or hear from me again."

"Don't go!" She called from the bathroom. The door opened and there she stood, naked as the day she was born in all of her shiny and plump gummy goodness. "Listen, I'm sorry for avoiding not just you, but everyone else in general. This is what I've become now and that is never going to change. I was just afraid everyone would treat me like some sort of freak." She wasn't crying but you could tell that this was really upsetting her.

It was now or never.

"I'll be honest, I never would have come to help anyone else the way I did with you. You are the person I care about the most and I would never live it down if anything were to happen to you that I could have prevented. I'm sorry that saw you so vulnerable like that so why don't you let me take you out to dinner tomorrow night, help you take your mind off this whole...thing. What do you say?" There. It was done. Whether she accepted or not, there would at least be closure.

"That sounds...nice. OK, I accept! Pick me up around 7:30?" Keah replied. She already seemed in higher spirits!

"It's a date! I'll see you then!" Your heart was pounding in your ears, but she said yes! Without thinking you gave her a big hug, and only when her body squished under your grasp did you realize what you had done. Letting go and noting that she was still naked, you resumed your apology. "Oh shit! Again, I'm so sorry for that!"

She filled back out quickly as you noticed a drop of clear fluid drip from her crotch down to the floor. She smiled dreamily at you before speaking.

"Y'know, I thought that being a gummy would brand me as some sort of undesirable freak, that no one would want me." Her hand brushed your straining bulge. "Just because my head was a melted pile of goop, I still had my eyes, and I could still see. Glad to see I'm not as undesirable a freak as I thought I was. Good night, and have fun thinking about me. I know you still have my key so go ahead and lock my door on your way out." 

With her parting words, You drank in her retreating frame once more. You watched her hips and ass sway, her body slightly jiggle and her feet spread wider than normal with each step she took. She was already beginning to soften again. As she made her way to her bedroom for the night, You spent the remainder of yours dreaming about her.