 Sara couldn't believe her ears.  My own father is using me as a tool to overthrow King Angi. I can't even come to his defense!

"Sara, please come here." Her father's command filled her with dread. Locking eyes with Philip, she hoped he could see the hopelessness in her eyes. Against her will, she rose from her seat and walked forward. 

"Yes Father?" Her voice was soft spoken.

"Did you accompany your brother last night and see Miss Lilith DeSperte crawl out of the king's chamber?" 

Sara bit her lower lip to keep from answering him.  I won't betray my king! Looking around the room wildly, she tried to focus on anything other than saying the words her father wanted. 

The pain at the base of her skull increased terribly as she fought the enchantment. 

"Breath, tarta." 

"Tibi?" In the midst of the horrible pain, his voice was welcome relief.

"I can feel your pain. You're fighting the compulsion to betray my father." 

"I won't do it!" She tightly gripped thecarnac tarta in the pocket of her skirt, feeling it's smooth curves against the palm of her hand.

"Answer me, daughter! Did you witness said event!" 

She jerked as if struck. She gazed helplessly at the other five members of the High Council. Feeling the trickle of blood from her nose, she pulled her hankie out and pressed it to her nose. "Answer them, Little Sara. I know the truth. You would never willingly betray me." King Angi's reassuring words did little alleviate her guilt, but she gave in and answered in a steady voice.

"Yes, Father. I was with Sean." She relaxed as the pain eased a bit.

"And did you see Lilith?" 

She did cry out as the pain returned viciously. She turned her gaze to Sean, seeing his malicious enjoyment of her pain.

"Yes." 

Sean smiled with evil satisfaction.

* * * *

Philip paced the hallway as the council convened behind closed doors to make their decision. When Sara exited the room, escorted by her brother, he stepped forward intercepting them.

"Sara, tarta. I need to speak with you." 

"I don't think it would be a wise idea, Prince Philip. After my sister's testimony to your father's guilt, how can I be certain you won't threaten or harm her?" 

Without a thought Philip balled up his fist and punched Sean hard in his face. Sean stumbled back, dragging Sara with him.

"This is exactly why I won't leave her with you. You don't deserve to be a Prince! Come on Sara!" 

"No, she stays with me! I'm her chosen and family or not, the law will not allow you to interfere between chosens."

Sean growled before pushing Sara at him. 

"Fine. Take her, but by the time all is done, you'll wish you never claimed her as yours." He stormed off -- holding his broken nose.

Looking down at his trembling chosen, he pulled her into his embrace. She pushed away from him before dropping into that dreaded curtsy. 

"Your Highness, please this isn't proper." 

He scowled before jerking her into a hidden alcove. 

"Merge with me!" 

She paled at his command. She shook her head in denial.

"Enough of this! I don't have the time or luxury of waiting until you slumber to initiate a dream merge. You can shadow walk. Now merge with me!" He yanked her against him. He waited and nothing happened. "Well?"

A slight narrowing of her eyes was all the warning he received before the heat of the Shadow Embrace hit him. 

"By the name of Mica, Philip! Do you realize how dangerous this is for me? If one of the palace protectors catch me, I'll be stripped of all of my powers for sure! I don't ever Shadow Embrace without protecting myself and hiding in this alcove with you is a sure way to be detected. So be quick and tell me what you want!"

"There's my chosen, giving me hell. I needed to feel the touch of my tarta. Until we bond or this hypnotic compulsion is lifted, I can't hear you without your Shadow Embrace. Do you realize how frustrating it is?"

"So you yanked me into this alcove because you couldn't wait until tonight?" 

Philip chuckled when he felt her frustration. 

"So what if I did?"

"You're coming ridiculously close to get your butt kicked by your "tarta". You're impossible!"

"Relax, tarta. I've got a reason for risking it.. Dad has secretly contacted King Mica. He's been informed of Dad's situation and the phoney charges and is planning a trip here to help. With Mica's help we may be able to break the enchantment and get at the truth."

"Thank your father for me. This enchantment is wearing on me. I would give almost anything to have it lifted." 

"Now, before you pull back into your body, I want permission to heal you." 

Philip could feel the shock which flooded her.

"I wasn't aware you could feel my pain."

"We're chosens, Sara. In every sense of the word. What happens to you affects me too. You're mine, just as I'm yours. While we still have yet to consummate the physical union of it, our magick and spirits have already connected."

Instead of answering him as he expected, he felt a great loss of warmth as Sara released their Shadow Embrace. 

"Damn, I hate when you leave like that, Sara."

"I beg your pardon, Your Highness." Once more his tarta was gone and in her place was the proper witch. Anger flooded him as he covered her mouth with his, effectively capturing her sounds of protest. Taking advantage of her parted lips, he thrust his tongue inside aggressively, releasing some of his frustration in the honeyed depths of her mouth.

* * * *

"King Angi please step forth." Gaerwn stood once more behind the high podium. The king rose and presented himself, his royal blood showing in his stance. 

 He's not the least bit intimidated by my father nor the High Council. I can see the same inherent poise in Philip. Sara watched as Philip joined his father giving his support, followed closely by his identical twin. The three men together were enough to cause many a maid to swoon with pleasure. Looking at his father, Sara knew she was seeing a preview of what her chosen would look like in the years ahead.

"Angi de'Arunaught, the High Council finds you guilty of the rape and death of Lilith DeSperte. Do you understand the council's decision?" Gaerwn's gaze was smug. 

"Yes." 

His father answered with his head held high. He was not the least bit humbled by the fact that the council had just stripped him of his crown and banished him from his own kingdom.

"We've decided your family and you shall be banished. Philip and Brent de Arunaught along with you are to never set foot on Sandova's land again. You will be escorted out of Sandova by armed guards. If you at any way resist or try to escape them, they have their orders to execute you where you stand. Is this clear?" 

"Yes, Councilman. I understand." Angi's gaze never wavered.

"What! I was promised the crown. You bastard!" Brent surged forward in anger.

Gaerwn arched his eyebrow at the young man.

"Were you?"

"Yes. I betrayed my father for you." Brent struggled against the guards restraining hold.

Gaerwn came around the podium and stopped inches from the angry young man. Leaning in close enough so only Brent could hear him he spoke.

"You forfeited that with your unnatural rape of my daughter. Did you honestly think you could get away with abusing her?"

Brent swung around and locked eyes with the vindictive Kira. She smirked meanly before flouncing out of the room.

"Guards, escort them from the palace." Gaerwn turned back to the council.

"A moment of your time, Councilman." 

"Yes, Philip?"

"What of my engagement to Sara? Is it still valid?"

"That depends."

"On what?" 

"If you want to be engaged to a priestess of Eluran; or you will break your engagement at this moment and she'll walk out of this courtroom a free woman right now." 

Sara cringed at her father's words. Sara wanted to howl in protest. She knew her chosen. He's going to let me go to keep me from a fate worse than death. His pride won't allow him to be bonded with a woman who would be a priestess;a whore to anyone willing to pay her price. But how can I live without him?

"Without my crown, I don't want her." 

His lie ripped through her heart.

"All right then." 

Sara wanted to cry as he was led away with his brother and father. She longed to race after him. 

As soon as they exited the room, she went to follow when she was stopped by her father.

"Sara, a moment of your time." 

"Yes Father?"

"Go pack." 

"Pack?"

"Yes, I'm sending you away until the fanfare of this dies down. I expect you to be ready within the hour." 

She nodded.

* * * *

Sara jerked as the vehicle came to a stop. Looking out the window, she realized she wasn't at her family estate. Then the door was yanked open and rough hands yanked her out of the car.

"Come now, Girlie. Your future awaits you." A big boned woman chuckled and continued to drag her towards a plain looking building.

"Where are you taking me? I'm the daughter of Lord Gaerwn!"

"Your father has sent you here for training, Miss Glasten." An elegant woman stood in the open doorway.

"Training?" What kind of training is she talking about?

"Yes, you're to be trained to become a Priestess of Eluran." Sara's world tilted as the woman's words sunk in. Philip let me go to save me from this and in the end it didn't make one bit of difference. How will I survive this?

* * * *

Philip shielded his eyes as they crossed the border from Sandova and entered the dessert of Areseric. They'd traveled by conveyance to the border, but for reasons unknown the conveyances just would not function in the dessert which was a huge part of Areseric. 

"Look how barren this land is, Philip." As his father's voice trembled, Philip knew even as proud as his father was, the fear of the unknown was striking the older man. 

"We'll seek King Mica's counsel, Father. I won't let this travesty stand." 

"The bastards will pay for this!" Brett stalked in front of Philip and Angi. In anger he kicked at the loose ash and sand which Areseric's desert was composed of. Angi coughed as the ashy sand flew up in the air. 

"Brent, enough. I don't know what you thought was going to happen when they exiled us."

"I wasn't supposed to be exiled! I was promised the throne!" Philip reached down and grabbed the pack with half of the supplies.

"What are you doing?" Suspicion had Philip narrowing his eyes.

"Leaving. I'm not going to die in this damn dessert." Brent slung the pack over his shoulder. 

Philip went to go after him when he felt his father's hand on his shoulder. Turning, he locked eyes with Angi. 

"Let him go. He'll calm down and come back."

Philip nodded but wisely kept his counsel to himself.  I can't bear to break his heart. But Brent isn't going to come back. He'll look out for number one, himself, and screw the two of us.

* * * *

Sara huddled in fear in the corner of her cell as a uniformed guard came in. She wasn't sure how long she'd been held captive in the small, dark and damp chamber, but she knew she longed for sunlight on her face almost as much as she longed for the touch of her chosen.

"Get up, Priestess Zarita! Don't make me come and get you." The guard toyed with the smart quirt which hung from his belt. She knew from experience he could wield it deftly enough to hurt her a lot without leaving bruises. Heaven forbid, that he damage the merchandise.

"Now, Zarita!

How I despise the name Zarita.

Crawling on her knees, she kept her eyes on the guard. As was required, she crawled to the door before waiting for him to release the spell that kept her bound. Walking was forbidden until she'd earned the right. The headmistress gleefully informed her when she'd first arrived that her father had given the control of the hypnotic spell to her and there was nothing she could do to stop them. Escape was futile and she shouldn't even bother attempting an escape from the temple. It still did not temper the fury she felt each time she was led from the chamber to the training rooms. 

Seeing the lust in the guard's eyes, she wanted to run away. Soon my virginity will be shredded as my innocence. 

She followed him expecting to see the training room. She was surprised when the guard led her into an auction room. Her eyes widened in horror as she saw a naked priestess being led to the auction block and placed upon the high pedestal. As the bidding begun, her fate became crystal clear to her. This is what my life has been reduced to. I thought my years at Rathingtons were to be my trial and tribulation; but I now realize what small discomforts I went through there are nothing compared to what I will be subject to here.

"Take a good look, Zarita, for this is your fate." The calm voice of the headmistress washed over Sara like an icy deluge. 

* * * *

"Here me fair people of Sandova. As your new king, I shall strive to make amends for the past king's mistakes. But heed me well, I will be relentless to those who cross me and try to steer others from the chosen path." Gaerwn lifted his arms as the crowd roared - whether in approval or denial wasn't clear. 

"As my heir, Prince Sean will be groomed to follow in my footsteps. He too will one day make a fine king. Both my son and I thank you much for your unflinching support in the death of my wife and daughters. Even as we face the lost of my beloved wife, and our daughters Kira and Sara, I vow here to make the Glasten family strong once more. My son has been blessed with a chosen and by the end of the month, they will bond as tradition demands. I would like to present his future chosen, Rachelle. "  

A petite woman with raven hair joined Gaerwn. Nodding gracefully to the cheering crowd, she stood next to newest King of Sandova, King Gaerwn. The deArunaught reign was officially over.

* * * *

After the commotion had settled down, King Gaerwn, Prince Sean and his chosen retired to the royal chambers. Once the door was locked, Rachelle turned to King Gaerwn. 

"Remove it! I tire of this form!" Rachelle's voice returned to the demanding but dulcet tones of her former self.

With a wave of his hand, Gaerwn released the transformation spell surrounding the woman. Everything reverted to the form of the real woman.

"Thank you, Father. I do believe our plan is working magnificently. Those simple-minded peons don't suspect a thing. You murdered Mother and sent that bitch off to become a priestess. Now it is as should be. Just you, Sean and I." Kira smiled seductively as she used what little power she had to disrobe herself.

King Gaerwn turned and gazed upon his daughter's naked beauty. His cock hardened in a rush as both he and Sean began to disrobe. Licking his lips in anticipation, he watched as his son embraced her from behind and cupped her breasts with the palms of his hands, his fingers teasing her already hardened nipples. At last I have everything I've ever wanted.

* * * *

Once more Sara found herself bound to a table in the training room with her arms and legs widespread. Between her thighs, one of the many healers which the headmistress employed was verifying that she remained a virgin. 

I have a feeling I'm going to be the next on the auction block. Despair filled her. She'd often fantasized about her bonding night with Philip, never suspecting she would end up on an auction block being sold to the highest bidder.

"Relax, Zarita. I'm nearly finished." The healer between her legs was the kindest she'd met so far. Older than most of the healers, he projected the kindly air of a doting grandfather which was meant to put her at ease.

Focusing her energies, she sent herself outside of her body and onto the familiar plane of the shadow walker. She had become accustomed to walking the ethereal plane since she'd been brought to this place. It was the one place which she could find refuge from the atrocities she was subjected to and the horrors that awaited her. She'd been pushing herself to see how far she could go before her power tired.  My goal is to reach Philip's side and I've come so close. In fact she'd gotten close enough to kneel next to him, but was so exhausted she hadn't the energy left to merge with him. Instead she knelt next to him and cried silent tears of pain. To come so close and then fail had been almost more than she could bear.  I'll keep trying. I must. I only grow stronger each time I use my power.

Standing in the shadowy plane, she saw the headmistress enter the examination room. Drifting forward, she attempted to hear what the woman was discussing with the healer. In this state unless she merged with another being, it was like being on the outside of a room and looking in. Everything was muffled - from her sense of touch to her hearing.  Which is why all shadow walkers are drawn to merge with another, it's the only way we can feel anything during this state.

She winced as she realized the headmistress had turned her attention to her body. Sighing with frustration, she instantly merged back with her body.  I can not let them know my secret. 

"Well Princess, soon it will be your turn on the auction block. I wonder how high I can drive the price of your virginity. I'm sure the exiled princess of the new King of Sandova will draw a high price indeed."

"Princess? Me? I'm sure you're mistaken. I never wed Prince Philip and became this princess you speak of."

"Oh I do not speak of your exiled Prince Philip. Haven't you heard?" The headmistress's smile was mocking. "Oh, that's right, you've been cooped up in your chambers for the last month. Your father has claimed the throne and that Zarita just drove up the price I can ask for your virginity."

* * * *

Brent grunted in relief when he stumbled into Eluran. Making his way through the seedier part of it, he searched for a small inn which would keep his secrets. The last thing he needed was to draw attention to himself - when he was banished from Sandova to begin with. Spotting an inn which suited his needs, he entered. First some hot food and bath, then a willing woman is in order. Damn it's been too long.

"Prince Philip!" The woman waiting tables dropped into a curtsy.

Stopping in his tracks, he let the woman believe he was his brother. It wouldn't be the first time he'd been mistaken for him, and like the true scoundrel he was, he took advantage of it often.

"Have you come to rescue your chosen?" 

"My chosen?" 

"Yes, Princess Sara. I assumed the only reason you would dare to cross the border back into Sandova is because you've heard of her upcoming auction. The High Priestess of Eluran is preparing to sell off her virginity in two days hence." 

Brent absorbed the serving girl's words. The bastard not only betrayed me, he betrayed his own daughter. What a ruthless son of bitch. I think I'll make my presence known, or rather my brother's, at this little auction. Perhaps I can place the winning bid and have what should've been mine so long ago.

* * * *

Philip knelt next to his father's pallet. The older deArunaught's health had been failing quickly since their exile. The ash storm which had struck the night before had taken its' toll on the former king of Sandova. Angi had simply lost the will to live.

"Philip." 

He pulled his father's hand in between his.

"I'm here Father." He was quick to reassure him.

"Promise me you'll take care of her."

"Her?"

"Yes. I give to you the bindings of her power to protect and release."

Philip was unprepared for the surge of magik power which came from his father and slammed into him. Gritting his teeth he first fought and then accepted the extra power. When it was integrated within him, he slumped over the edge of his father's pallet and sobbed. Without being told, he knew his father had left this plane of existence and had given his younger son the last dying embers of his power. A power that would still be intact if his damn brother hadn't betrayed them in his relentless quest for the crown. Philip never would have challenged his brother for Sandova's crown. All he'd ever wanted was to bond with Sara and become a healer.
