 Hey, this is my first story, so go easy on me, k? Also, I would appreciate suggestions as to what you think should happen next. 

"Wings spread, air flowing through my feathers, I lifted my head and peered around at the clouds I was soaring through, awestruck by their beauty. Hearing harmonic singing to my right, I ---"

BZZZT 

BZZZT 

BZZZT

Not again, April thought, These dreams always mess up the rest of my day. With a frustrated sigh, she slammed her hand down on the dismiss button on her clock, and stretched. Her chest strained against the form fitting blouse she fell asleep in, and upon stretching her legs, she discovered a rip in her expensive mini skirt she wore last night. Damn skirts never last, she thought with disdain. Thinking back to her dreams, she suddenly grew confused, because this time the details of her dream were crystal clear, which was rather unusual for April. She decided to see what her dreams were about.

She remembered flying through the sky, a red sky--- "A red sky?"--- and two sinfully gorgeous men flying to her right—"Were those the men who were singing? Makes sense, because they look like they would have the velvety rich voice that belonged to whoever was singing." Then as she concentrated on the song, the words came back to her as well. 

"Here's to the whores of Demon Town,The white , the black, the yellow, and brown,Walk right in, lay your money down, and fuck the night away.There's Betty from Port Adellae,The prettiest hooker I ever laid,Her cunt is snug enough,And tits as big as the Sunday duff..."

April wondered why the men would waste such beautiful voices on crude songs, but then sighed. Men are immature, even dream men. 

But one thing still was on her mind. She had heard the song before. Because she lived in Maine, by a port where sailors often frequented, drunken sailors would often march by, singing sailor songs crude enough to make even the most experienced hooker blush. But in her dream, the men had said "demon town" instead of "sailor town", which was odd. She then remembered the sky was red in her dream, with dark burgundy clouds. And based on her previous paranormal romance novel experience, she drew to one conclusion: She must have dreamed she was in hell. Whatever, she thought. It's not real, so why should I spend so much time thinking on it? She glanced at her clock again, and freaked out. "Shit! I'm late!"

April wasn't late often, but when she was, there was always a good reason for it. And April always had proof of that reason, so she didn't have trouble with her superiors. 

Her superiors and co workers... were an interesting lot, to say the least. April worked for a tech design company, so it was a mainly male dominated field of work. Her coworkers, her boss... were all men. But April was fine with that. She was used to working with men, so she knew how to act around them. She wore appropriate clothes, so they didn't think of her as an object rather than a person. She kept romance out of the office, and she didn't bring her personal life to work. Her coworkers and her boss respected her for being the sole female in an almost entirely male workforce, and she was fine with it. 

April rushed through the doors to her office, set her bags down on her desk, and turned to go clock in when she heard a voice. The voice was rich, deep, and smooth, and vaguely familiar... "April, why are you late?" She turned around and gasped at what she saw. It was the man from her dreams! She backed up, with a vague sense of dread filling her and blubbered, "This can't be happening. Don't take me to hell, please! I'll do anything! I don't want to die!" With wings and everything, he strode into her office, and with a dark chuckle, he vanished, only to reappear directly behind her, with a restraining arm around her waist. He edged closer, and whispered into her ear, "Who said anything about dying, or Hell? You're already dead. And you're going to heaven to be punished by His Lordship like the abomination you are. And don't make a sound, because no one but you can see me. They don't have the power that you do, Narii. They can't see my kind. Now, be a good little marui, and come quietly. It will be so much easier if you just obey." 

"No. Now go away!"

"I'm afraid I can't do that, Narii."

April threw a lamp at him. It hit the wall behind him with a crash, going straight through his body. April's eyes widened, and she screamed. Her boss, who was next door , seemed to appear out of nowhere and landed between her and her would- be abductor. "April, what are you do----Azariel, what the hell is wrong with you? I told you she is not a damned threat!" Her boss, Brody, all but snarled. His eyes were darkened with rage, and his hands were clenched into fists. 

April blanched. The abductor, or Azariel, or whoever the hell he was, had said other people wouldn't be able to see him. Unless, maybe her boss had the same kind of "power" that she had? April was saved from further thoughts on this subject by Brody's commanding voice, a voice laced with barely restrained blood lust, saying, "Azariel, you will either go peacefully back to heaven, or die. Which do you choose?" Azariel looked bored as he glanced at his cuticles and replied, "I can't go back until I have her. Just give her to me now, and save us both centuries worth of drama. Besides, you and I both know you won't kill me. We've been playing this game for years----- ARRRRGHHHH!!!" Azariel finished in a blood curdling scream as Brody blasted a fire ball into her would-be abductor's stomach, leaving a gushing hole. 

Brody turned to her and said, "Get anything you can't live without and come with me, unless you want to die.