 All around, there was water. Water and fog. So... a lot of water. A lot of water.

Alrek yawned and drew the oar back, dragging his little dinghy along in a lake that seemed to resist any motion he attempted across it. Fog rolled over his body and soaked his cloak in the chilly night air—and that cloak, and a pair of trousers, were all he was wearing. All he'd been able to retrieve.

He spared a bitter glance back at the great hill. Just barely visible there was the first great Standing Stone.

Alrek spat into the water and kept paddling, curling up as much as possible to conserve his body heat. He had to put those Stones out of sight. Put all of this out of sight. Hell with it.

The Misty Lake was named for more than the murk that immersed him. The waters were colored as thick as pea soup—old, moldy pea soup. A grayish-green hue that promised a helping of fellgae inhaled with every drowning breath. Fellgae was one of those undead entities that didn't really bother anyone unless they bothered it—trees that were chopped down when no one was around to hear them, flowers that never got to bloom, all collected around some sad fisherman's or lumberjack's soul to stew over old memories. It only unlived towards the surface, and rarely hampered the marine life much in obvious ways, but it made everything look like a river in Hell.

Alrek squinted, muttering a curse under his breath. Fellgae also made it impossible to see a thing around here. Everywhere was the same color. All he could see was what lay behind him, and he didn't want to see that.

He had been rowing all night. He hadn't slept, had barely eaten. His head was beginning to spin a little from it all. The fog was beginning to join with the water. All he could do was keep rowing, and hope he saw the forest on the far side soon.

"Oh, boy..." sang a voice from nearby.

Alrek gave a start. He looked around uneasily. At first, he wondered if it was one of the damn druids—maybe they'd broken their word after all, and he was bound for some ritual, or more of that catgirl's damned games... but no. It wasn't a druid's voice. The way it echoed, almost rippled through the air... through the water...

"Boy... oh, boy..."

He glanced warily over the side of the boat.

A pair of bright green eyes met his. A pair of plump red lips broke into a smile.

Alrek growled and turned away. Nixies. Or kelpies. Or mermaids. Something insufferable. Of course the druids would 'forget' to mention that during his and Larya's stay there. No need to tell the lambs about the wolves in the forest nearby—after all, what reason could they ever have to stray so far from home?

"Hello, sweet boy."

Alrek felt the boat rock, and turned, oar in hand, to face the woman who had grasped the stern.

She was unmistakably wearing makeup, in the way many fey had of looking perfect without a hint of effort—her lips were an exquisite red, her eyelids heavy and shadowed, her cheeks bright and blushed even though the water had to be frigid.

Her black hair, by contrast, was a messy, tangled bun, dripping wet. Somehow, Alrek got the feeling that her hair would always be dripping wet, even if she spent forty years in the desert without a drop to drink. Her skin was pale—unsurprising, if she lived in a lake this devoid of light.

All light save her eyes, of course. Brilliant green, as green as freshly-cut grass. She smiled widely. "That's right," she purred, "just lift that heavy, heavy oar up, back into the boat. No sense in even trying to row when that oar is so, so very—"

Alrek butted her in the head with the oar. Her head snapped back with a wordless yelp, and she splashed back into the water.

He returned to rowing, scowling. He was truly, absolutely not in the mood right now.

"That was really rude," said a new voice to his left. Alrek shot a dark scowl at the second fey. This one was blonde, very pale blonde, but her thick eyebrows were colored a deep sea-green. She arched those eyebrows at him, staring carefully just out of oar's reach. "Shelly only wanted some sport, you big lout."

"You're kelpies, aren't you?" Alrek said flatly. "I know your kind of sport. Not up for it."

"Not up for much, are you?" called a third voice to his left. This kelpie, also staying carefully out of reach, had brilliant red hair the color of salmon scales. She stared evenly up at him with a smile that seemed rather out of synch with that wicked, sadistic glint in her eyes. "My name's Peg. Heavy heart, giggledove?"

He rolled his eyes, hearing 'Shelly' rising out of the water again behind him with a little annoyed coo. The three kelpies flanked his boat, but didn't block his path as he continued to row. If they came within reach, though...

"We can relate," breathed Shelly, and he heard her give a soft sigh as if something was hurting her. Despite his better instincts, Alrek glanced back.

She was holding her breasts up above the water, wincing as though it caused her some kind of sensual agony—or pleasure. They were certainly enormous—enough so that Alrek initially wondered if this was some sort of lake holstaur he was not familiar with. Great pendulous orbs, shimmering in the faint light like massive pearls.

He tore his gaze away, flushing. Turning so quickly made his whole world sway, though, and he put a hand to his head. So tired. Too tired for this shit.

He would come to regret this show of weakness.

"Aw," breathed Shelly, but this time he didn't turn back. "They're so heavy up here, Jenny. S-So... heavy..."

"I know, right?" Jenny, the blonde, gave a sad sigh. "The surface is a heavy place, Shelly. Everything... tugs you down. Back down, down, down to the waves. You might escape for a time, but always... always slipping back down, down, down."

Alrek lifted his oar to the left side, pulled it through the water, then lifted it to the right side and continued rowing. He felt so tired, so bitterly angry in a way only going over twenty-four sleepless hours could allow. He absolutely refused to even listen to these kelpies try to hypnotize in. He was not in the mood for fey, damn it.

"I know!" Shelly giggled. "They weigh me down soooo terribly, Jenny. I find myself getting so heavy... and sleepy..."

She loudly yawned.

Alrek caught himself yawning. Damn it, that wasn't fair! Just yawning made him feel a bit dizzier, sleepier. And though he didn't look, couldn't risk being drawn to meet their gaze and stare in helpless trance, he could tell the kelpies were smiling. Peg's eyes glowed like embers in the roiling mists as she smiled at him, licked her red lips...

Alrek realized he was staring at her and tore his gaze back to the path. Or what he hoped was the path.

"Like, right? Especially when it's so foggy out, so late at night." Jenny was nodding. Her voice grew softer with every word. "My eyelids just start to feel like... lead weights... and it's soooo hard to keep 'em up."

"I know what you're doing," Alrek snapped.

All three kelpies turned to him, smiling innocently. He scowled at Shelly.

"What are we doing?" she asked, batting her thick eyelashes, cupping her breasts nonchalantly.

"You..." No, this is an obvious one. Don't answer it. "Just fuck off. I'm not in the mood."

"Aw, I know that feeling." She glanced sadly down at her breasts, her dark nipples barely peeking above the water's surface. "It's so hard when you want to do all sorts of things and just don't have the energy. You find yourself feeling so heavy... so... sleepy..." Her voice got breathier as she gave in to a yawn.

"S... Stop it." Alrek's efforts to stifle his yawn only drew it out. His vision blurred for a moment, and for a moment all he could see was the endless gray. That and their pretty green eyes. "'m not. Listening."

"It's not easy to listen, is it?" Peg asked. "Not easy to pay attention. I get it. Our words just sap all the energy out of you. Our whispers scatter your sleepy thoughts, soothe your sleepy head..."

"No, I... I can listen, you stu—"

"Then pay close attention." Peg's eyes smoldered with wicked design. "Unless you're too... sleepy."

"Too heavy-headed," Jenny chimed in from behind him.

"Too tired of this bullshit," Alrek growled.

He regretted the wording instantly. It was like they'd scented blood in the water. "Ooh, are you tired?" cooed Shelly, giggling.

"It's easy to get tired," Jenny murmured, a smile playing across ruby lips.

"It's important to get your rest." Peg nodded reasonably. "You look like you've scarce rested for days. Has the lake been... difficult to cross?"

Her eyes sparkled with a joke Alrek didn't quite get and definitely didn't like.

Alrek glared at her. She smiled indulgently back at him, so he redoubled his glare. Fuck her. Fuck her and her stupid eyes, her painted lips, her damn bouncing tits she was holding out of the water, so smooth and perfect, so unrealistically unblemished, like abalone, so... so soft and... oh, they squished together so nicely, like pillows, like lips... glimmering white amid the endless fog, like twin lighthouse beacons...

He tore his gaze away with a grunt and lifted the oar, paddling furiously. But he could not outpace the kelpies. And land was still nowhere in sight.

As he tried to lift his oar, he noticed it suddenly felt very heavy. He turned and saw why: Jenny, the pallid, ghostly blonde, had taken hold of the paddle and slipped it beneath her heavy chest.

"What are you doing?" he snapped, tugging in vain. He couldn't quite muster the strength. Gods, why was he so tired?

"She's not doing anything," Shelly said, as Jenny giggled. "it's just too heavy for you."

Alrek tugged on the oar, but Jenny held onto it. "Get your tits off of it!" he snarled.

"Aww." Jenny beamed, her green eyes shimmering. Almost... spiraling. "Are my tits too... heavy for you?" She batted her eyelashes. "Sooo big? Tell me how big and heavy they are and I'll move them!"

Alrek tugged again. Jenny did not let go. When he tried to lift it, he just made her breasts bounce up out of the water, and...

He swallowed and tore his gaze away, continuing to limply tug on the oar. It was too heavy. Jenny was too strong, or he was too tired. Too tired for any of this. "S-Stop it," he said, once more, but he was too tired to give his words any weight. It sounded almost like a request, a plea.

"You've been rowing for so long," Peg purred, swimming closer—now that he had no oar, Alrek realized numbly, the kelpies were getting much, much braver. He needed to get out his scythe, but that would mean letting go of the oar.

And if he lost the oar, he was dead in the water. Dead in kelpies' waters. Dead in their eyes.

He was theirs.

Or. He would be theirs. Soon. If he lost the oar. Alrek shook himself slightly.

Peg smiled up at him, gripping the edge of the boat to his right. She licked her lips. Her tongue was as bright red as her lips. "It's so hard to keep rowing, giggledove," she murmured, reaching into the boat and running a delicate finger along his arm, almost tickling him. "So much exertion."

Her little caress sent shivers up and down Alrek's spine.

On impulse, he released the oar in his right hand and lunged for Peg, but she just fell back down with a giggle. And before he could get both hands back solidly on the oar, Jenny puled it ever-so-slightly further. He had to lean desperately to the right to counterbalance her efforts, now, realizing how close he could be to capsizing if she decided to give a yank.

And leaning to the right meant leaning closer to Peg and Shelly, both of his arms still taken up by the tug-of-war. They grinned up at him.

"Aw, girls," Shelly cooed, as she swam up to the bow and rested her massive breasts over the side, her nipples nearly brushing his knees, "it's no wonder he's so heavy-headed!"

She reached up and, as Alrek helplessly looked on, ran a finger along his trousers—and along his shaft. "He's a big, heavy boy, isn't he?"

He kicked at her. She giggled and swam to Jenny's side, sparing Jenny a passing kiss as Jenny continued to hold on. His eyes followed her. Shelly bounced her breasts together, cooing in delight as she watched his tent intently. "Ooh, such a big, horny cock," she breathed. "It must feel like a lead weight. Tugging you down."

"Is he really?" Jenny blinked in mock-wonder at Shelly. "Gosh, is he really so big?"

Shelly beamed, reaching forward again and running her finger along his cock through the cloth. Alrek jerked and groaned. Gods, he was... he couldn't...

He realized too late, distracted by Shelly's little strokes, that Peg's hands were there, too, delicately unlacing his trousers. She slipped them down to his knees as his cock came free.

It sprang to attention.

All three kelpies gave delighted squeals.

"He is a big boy!" Jenny exclaimed. "Ooh, I can't wait to suck him even bigger." She grinned up at Alrek, her eyes glowing brilliant green. "This boy needs to be milked!"

She took one hand off of the oar and blew him a single kiss, her eyes adopting slow, easy spirals...

The oar slipped from Alrek's hands.

Before he could react, Jenny had yanked it into the water with a giggle. Before he even registered what had just happened, Shelly was leaning over the front of the boat again, tenderly bouncing her breasts together in front of him, her eyes shining bright. "No wonder you've been so sleepy," she whispered, "with that hard, heavy cock. It;'s just tugging your every thought down, isn't it?"

Jenny's fingers were grazing over his cock, slowly, teasingly, easing his confused mind with teasing pleasure. Alrek's head spun and... and bounced... and sank...

Shelly's smile widened as she glance down, almost bashfully, at her breasts. "Aren't they just the biggest tits you've ever seen?" she purred. "They're so heavy up here. Make me so heavy... and horny..."

Alrek fumbled for the knife at his belt, only to find that it wasn't there. In his tired haze, he remembered putting it in his bag so the... so the druids wouldn't... he didn't even have a belt right now...

As he reached for his bag, his eyes centered upon Shelly's finger, spiraling around a single nipple. So soft. So smooth. Like honeydew melons. Jenny slowly stroked him, making him... bigger... heavier... hornier...

"No," he mumbled, but his whole head was sinking into slumber. He was just too tired. Too sleepy. Too heavy. And now he was going to get his brains fucked out by... by three random stupid fey. And they thought he was just easy to spell. Thought he was so easy.

The shame gave him strength to glare right into her pretty green eyes. "No," he muttered.

"Your head's too heavy to lift, sleepy boy," she cooed. She didn't seem impressed at his will. None of them did. They just kept laying on the enchantments, layering the suggestions... "Such a heavy, sleepy head, so terribly full of thoughts and worries..."

Alrek felt his neck muscles straining. "N-No," he said a third time, with far less conviction.

"Eyelids too heavy," she whispered, reaching forward to gently stroke a finger over his eyelids, easing them to be half-shut. "Head too heavy. Cock too heavy. Poor boy just can't survive up here with such a big, heavy cock. We better... take care of him."

"Nn." his tired eyes settled again on her breasts, then tried to rise again. He only made it to her plump lips, curved up in a smile of triumph.

"Silly milkyhead," Jenny cooed in agreement. Jenny's finger started to edge him around the tip, and as he felt his cock grow harder and harder, everything seemed to... blur...

He felt Peg rising up next to him, slipping something silvery over his head. A necklace. A collar. A tiara. A... what was it? A harness?

He tried to reach up to take it off, but Peg and Jenny instead guided his hands to their breasts, cooing soft moans in his ears. His head lolled. Heavy. Sleepy.

His last sight, as the world went dark and misty for good, was Shelly closing in with a big smile for a kiss to seal his fate.

She was so soft.

And he was so... so...

~ ~ ~ ~

Alrek drifted in a world of distant echoes and sweet moans, lovely touches and tender kisses. Everything was faintly... warm. Cozy. Comforting, like soft blankets.

He was, he recognized, as he struggled to open his eyes, quite far underwater.

"Mm. Ooh. Oh. Mm." The sweet sounds came from down below, accompanied with wet smacking sounds. The pleasure also came from there.

Alrek managed to lift his head and open his eyes.

Green eyes burned back at him. Shelly smiled.

And she planted another messy kiss on the head of his cock.

His cock seemed... larger, Alrek thought, confused. It felt like they had grown it big enough to satisfy the most insatiable lust sprite, the most addicted dopterine. It stood straight upright, and he felt like he had a bowling ball on his chest. Pulling him down. His big, hard milkcock.

And it felt so, so good. Alrek let out an involuntary moan as Shelly let the kiss go on and on, supplementing the joys of her touch with delicious sounds and a wicked smile playing in her eyes. The kiss was unspeakably lewd and yet unbearably chaste. Just as he started to feel her tongue playing with him, she broke off the kiss and giggled. "Aw, good morning, sweet boy. How are you feeling?"

Alrek blinked blearily. He tried to speak, but he was still so groggy, all that came out was a groan.

She giggled. "Poor little milkyhead. Don't worry. Words aren't as important." She winked, sticking her tongue out suggestively. "Unless you wish to be able to beg to cum!"

Alrek mustered a glare. Fighting back the suggestions that told him he felt too heavy, too sleepy, too horny, he... pushed himself into a sitting position.

Shelly blinked up at him, clearly surprised. "Goodness. Maybe not so milky yet." She planted a kiss on his cock head. "Slip back down, dreamy boy. You're not yet ready for your milking!"

The commands slipped into his mind like butter, molten and smooth and yet thick and heavy. So, so heavy. Alrek's eyelids drooped slightly. "No..."

And then he heard rushing water, and two impossibly soft and warm bodies were suddenly pressed against him, big, squishy breasts bouncing around him, capturing him effortlessly in the kelpies' embrace.

"Aw, is milkslut awake?" Jenny cooed in his ear.

"Is it already milking time for our giggledove?" Peg purred in his other.

"Easy, girls." Shelly smirked up at his hot face. "He's still dreadfully confused. Maybe we should help him... understand."

They gave the horribly identical giggles only seasoned brainwashers could manage as Shelly's smirk widened into an indulgent grin. Alrek's heartrate quickened. "Let me go," he managed.

They cooed in mocking concern, then closed in.

"Silly boy," Peg breathed, kissing his cheek. "You're too heavy and dumb to leave us!"

"You can barely stand down here!" Jenny stroked his hair. "Just think how heavy your big, dumb milk-cock will be up there!"

"This is your home now," Shelly chimed in.

Alrek tried to fight them off, but his arms were like jelly—especially crammed between their massive breasts. He tried to at least tune out what they were saying, but their words wormed into his head, eased in by sweetness and... oh, gods, how good all this felt...

Milk-cock. He had heard that word whispered to him through his dreams, chanted, cooed, promised. Milk-cock. And his cock did feel heavy. Almost bloated with the need for release. Full of milk. He bit his lip, trying to dispel the image of one of these gorgeous fey 'milking' it...

"That's right," Shelly sang, giving his cock a lick that made it jump slightly. "Besides, silly, horny boys like you? Why, your milk-cock is so big now, you'd only lie around like a lost toy if you went up there!"
