 Cas' bunk wasn't far from the hold. Just down the hall, take a left, and you were there. But for Roxy, despite her toned body and enduring bubbliness in the face of whatever misfortune had befallen her to land her on Cas' ship, even the short walk proved to be too much.

"Oof!" she whimpered, taking a step and finding her knees giving out beneath her. 

Her lithe, nude body crumpled to the ground in a way that half-broke Cas' heart. The other half of it broke when he moved toward her and she looked up at him with an apologetic smile.

"Sorry, Captain." There was a tiredness in her eyes just behind that soft smile of hers that hadn't been there a few moments before. "Coming out of stasis... It takes a lot out of a girl."

"Don't apologise." It bothered Cas that she even felt like she had to. After whatever she'd been through, Cas didn't want apologies. Answers, maybe. An explanation. But more than anything, before that, he wanted to make sure his new charge was safe. "Here-- do you mind?"

He crouched down to her level, stroking a hand down her back and shifting his arm beneath her knees.

Roxy's smile widened. "Oh, Captain. Not at all."

She wound her arms around his neck, resting her head against his chest and nuzzling his collarbone with her nose as he lifted her up, easy as anything. He'd held bolt guns that weighed more than the woman in his arms, carried comrades three times her size off the battlefield without breaking a sweat.

He was rewarded for his strength by a relaxed coo from Roxy's pink lips as she rubbed herself against him, pressing tiny kisses to his skin all the way to his room.

"You smell good, Cas," she breathed, inhaling deeply against his neck.

He paused in the doorway, closing his eyes and dipping his nose down to the crown of her head. Her scent was like peaches, the fresh, juicy kind that he hadn't tasted since he'd left Lost Landing all those years ago. Peonies, cinnamon and vanilla. Beneath it all, that smell he'd first caught when she was blowing him a few minutes ago: wet, burning hot cunt. 

As he shifted his hand downward on her thighs, he could feel it. She was absolutely dripping for him, so much that it coated her inner thighs, sticky and slick.

Cas' jaw clenched. He had questions that needed answering, but with Roxy as wet as she was while smelling like that...

"Careful," he warned her, turning to get her through the doorway. "Watch your head."

Cas' bed was bigger than it should've been. He supposed he had the ship's previous owner to thank for that. Normally, in a ship of this size, the living quarters would've been sectioned off into simple bunks on either side of a narrow hallway, with maybe a double-wide area for the captain's quarters. But the Adonia had been made for a man who was accustomed to a life of certain luxuries. Rather than creating space to house a crew, the idiot had given himself a bed that sprawled all the way across one wall, big enough for nearly a dozen people to pile into it comfortably. 

When it had been just Cas on the ship, the bed had always felt a little too big for him. A far cry from the foxhole he'd slept in for most of the Rimworlds insurgency, or the soft patches of dirt he'd sleep upon next to the fire during his time on Lost Landing. The mattress had always felt too soft for a battle-hardened man like him. All those pillows, a little too plush. But as he laid Roxy down oh-so-gently, for a moment he couldn't help but feel grateful for the upper-crust bastard who'd decked out his ship in such luxury.

There was something about the way the curvy, beautiful blonde snuggled deep into those pillows and smiled softly up at him that just looked right.

"Come to bed, Captain?" Roxy fluttered her eyelashes, turning on her side and smoothing her hand over the space on the bed next to her.

Cas' cock went half-mast at the way Roxy's new position seemed to amplify her curves. The way her hip curved up from her thighs, then the slim, tight shape of her waist, before curving back out at the heavy swells of her breasts. She was a rollercoaster of a woman. Going to bed with her? He could think of nothing he'd like more.

"Think we both need a drink before we get on to that." Cas turned to the panel on the other side of the spacious room, flipping a switch and sending the wall whirring to life.

Lamps emerged from overhead, emanating a soft glow that swept the entire room in mood lighting. Beneath them, the wall rotated to reveal a fully stocked bar. Decanters and rocks glasses clinked delicately as it slid into place, the multicoloured liquids in every bottle sloshing back and forth.

Annoyingly, this was all accompanied by the sound of smooth, soft piano music crooning from a set of unseen speakers. Cas silently damned the Adonia's former owner. He never could quite manage to work out how to open up the bar without dealing with space jazz.

"Oh, fancy," Roxy said with a giggle, glancing around at the change in atmosphere. "Didn't take you for that kind of man."

"I'm not," Cas assured her. "The ship's an acquired taste." He made his way over to the bar, his hands drawing two glasses. "Speakin' of, pick your poison. I've got everything."

Roxy's tongue flicked between her lips. "Whiskey's fine by me, Captain."

"That makes two of us, then." Cas loaded the glasses up with ice, pouring two fingers of whiskey into each and making his way back to the bed. He handed Roxy hers, then eased himself into bed next to her, turning on his side so he could face her.

It was a mistake. Being this close to her, and with her being as naked as she was, Cas' balls were starting to ache. Sure, he needed answers, but a part of him-- the part stiffening away below his belt-- was all too insistent that he needed her more.

As if she sensed this dilemma, Roxy smiled as she sipped at her whiskey, reaching out to Cas' shoulder and pushing it down onto the mattress.

"Lay back, Cas. I can think of a better position to answer your questions from."

Cas blinked, downed his whiskey, and shifted onto his back without protest. Her smile growing more wicked by the second, Roxy moved over him, her thighs hugging his hips while settling the lips of her bare, exposed pussy to straddle the bulge of his cock. 

"Better?" she asked, a little giggle in her voice.

"Depends on what you're measuring," he quipped, a slight smirk curling one side of his lips as he bucked his hips to bounce the blonde slightly.

"Oh, I'd say you're measuring nine inches, give or take." Roxy giggled, grabbing hold of Cas' shoulder with one hand for balance and holding her drink high with the other, careful not to spill a drop. Her tits jiggled with the motion, catching Cas' eyes and making his cock grow harder still.

Cas' smirk blossomed outright into a smug, hearty grin. It was hard to keep his mind on his worries with a big-titted blonde drinking whiskey on his lap.

"Good guess." He nodded his head as he tried to set his mind in order. Not an easy feat, with the heat of Roxy's pussy grinding up along his shaft, but he was a man with a good measure of self-control. He'd manage. "You gonna make me guess why you were in that box in my cargo hold in return?"

Roxy bit her lip, staring down at him with a little hesitation. The way her eyes were narrowed, it looked like she was deciding if she could actually trust him-- or if she just liked the way his cock felt.

"I've got some notions," she finally admitted.

"Such as?" Cas ran a hand down her back, tracing her spine with his fingers. He let the smile slip from his lips into something softer. If she was being trafficked, she probably had a rough past that had gotten her to that point. Cas could sympathize with that. He had some rocky bits in his own history. If he wanted to know Roxy's story, he knew he'd only get there with a light touch and a gentle hand.

She stared down at that soft-hearted look in his eyes for a moment, then ran a thumb over his lower lip and laughed.

"Now, if you're thinkin' I'm some kind of little lost soul in desperate need of your kindness just because some bad, bad men shoved me in a human freezer, that's real sweet of you." She ran her fingers across his cheek, cupping his jawline in the soft palm of her hand as she dipped her lips down to kiss his. Cas breathed in deep, taking in the sweetness of her scent all over again, mixed with the burn of whiskey on her tongue this time as she slipped it between his lips. When she finally pulled away, she nearly left him gasping. "Sweet of you-- but you're wrong."

"Wrong, huh?" Cas smirked. "I'm not a man accustomed to bein' wrong."

Roxy's laugh rang out like the soft tinkling of bells. "S'pose it'll take some getting used to."

Cas took her drink from her and sipped at it before passing it back into her slender fingers. "You're stalling."

Her eyes narrowed in delight. She was the kind of woman who liked to play a little cat and mouse, it seemed. And he could tell she enjoyed finding a man who could call her out on her games. Match her, wit for wit. "Maybe so, Captain. I'm just still not sure if I trust you with my tale yet."

"Do I not look trustworthy from that angle?" Cas idly traced the curve of her thigh. "There are other positions we could try."

Roxy moved her tongue to Cas' jawline, running it along the sharp, rugged edge. "Well, you smell good. That's a start."

"We'll need more than a start if we're gonna trust each other. For the time being, we've both gotta live on this boat. Every station for the next few days is Commonwealth through and through."

"Mm. And you're not Commonwealth. Looked ever so offended at the very idea of it. That's another plus."

"Couldn't be less Commonwealth if I tried," Cas assured her. He didn't mention the Insurgency. If she didn't trust him with her secrets yet, he certainly didn't want to trust her with his. "Those bastards put you in that box, then?"

"Oh, what an old insurgent you are, Captain!" She laughed teasingly, though Cas wondered if she knew how close to the truth she was. "I love a rebel, you know," Roxy purred out the final words, leaning close to his ear.

Cas laughed. "And I love it when pretty women straddling my dick can give me straight answers."

He moved his hand further up her thigh, roaming the length of satiny skin until his fingers curled roughly around her hip.

Roxy purred, arching her back at the strength of his grasp. "Those other boxes in the hold," she breathed. "If the other women in them got into the same kinda scrape I got into, if they're anything like me... I think we'll all have to figure out whether we can trust a man like you. Sooner, rather than later."

"Anything like you?"

Roxy smiled, tugging at the buttons of Cas' shirt in a way that made his heart roar to life. "You'll see. If you wanted to make a start on proving you're the kind of man we can trust, you might consider setting them free. There should be a defrost button on the consoles of their chambers. That will bring them up and out of stasis nice and easy, on their own time." She popped each of his buttons open one by one, kissing his chest as she revealed each new bit of skin. "It'll be nicer than being jostled awake the way I was. Not that I'm complaining or anything."

Cas matched her grin. "Good thing, too. Never had a woman complaining on my dick before."

"Mm..." Roxy pulled apart the rest of Cas' shirt, sliding her hand down his well-muscled chest and settling it against the hard, throbbing bulge in his pants. "And it'd be a shame if I started now. But Cas..." She looked up at him, pouting slightly. "I'm still so horny from coming to so quickly. Do you think I could maybe..."

Cas blinked once, pausing just long enough to let her wonder if maybe, he might say no.

The look of need on her face in that moment was enough to ensure that could never fucking happen.

Cas bucked his hips up hard, sending Roxy tumbling down towards him. He caught her in a kiss, winding one hand into her silken, golden hair while unfastening his belt with the other. Roxy's greedy fingers helped him shove his pants down over his hips, gripping his hard cock tightly as soon as it sprang free.

"God, you're thick," she purred against his lips, cooing as she tried and failed to wrap her fingers around it completely. She giggled. "Do you think you'll even fit?"

Cas moved his hands to Roxy's wide, perfect hips, lifting her up effortlessly and positioning her over his tip. Her cunt was searingly hot, teasing his swollen pink cockhead with a sticky wetness that dripped all the way down his shaft.

He gave her a bastard's smirk as he pressed at her entrance and heard her gasp. "Only one way to find out."

There was a moment of resistance, one that left Roxy shuddering. She was tight as they came, he realized. 

Fuck. 

Maybe he wouldn't fit. 

But then, with a low moan from Roxy's lips as he lowered her down onto him, he slipped inside her, plunging himself into a world of pink neon heat that engulfed every inch of his dick that he gave her.

"God, Captain." Roxy threw her head back, teeth sinking into her lower lip as her blue eyes rolled back in ecstasy. "That's good... That's so fucking good."

"Just wait," Cas promised, feeding her another inch. "It gets better."

"Better?" Roxy's blue eyes flashed down at him, narrowing with dubious delight. "I can't imagine how it could get better than-- OH!"

Cas slammed Roxy's hips down, sending his cock crashing into her slick, hot pussy as deep as it would go. He could feel himself bottoming out inside her, pounding against her cervix as he jackhammered up into her. Every stroke sent a cry of pleasure spilling out over Roxy's pillowy lips, her fingers curling around Cas' broad shoulders, nails digging into his skin as she held on for dear life.

The orgasm hit the busty blonde like a rogue wave, completely out of nowhere, so much that she looked half-surprised by it before it took over her body completely. There was nothing Cas liked more than seeing a woman in such a state of ecstasy, and Roxy came like a dream. Her pussy clenched around his thickness, squeezing him tighter and tighter with every pulse. Her eyes rolled back in a flash of white and her lips fell open, pink tongue probing against the ridge of her lower lip while her shoulders shook and hips bucked involuntarily against his.

Cas let her ride it out just until it was nearly over before he grabbed her by the back of the head and pulled her lips down to meet his again. He kissed her deeply, turning his strokes long and slow but just as hard. 

Cas didn't know how to fuck gently, but he knew how to treat a woman. Sensual, even sweet when the moment called for it, but always with a certain roughness that reminded them what kind of man they were dealing with. He was a bastard and a scoundrel first and foremost. The fact that he could make them come for him like they'd been hit by some kind of rogue psyker was just icing on the cake. 

As her orgasm finally subsided, Roxy took every stroke beautifully, shuddering with pleasure and whimpering happily against his lips. Cas was pleased to learn that she wasn't some delicate thing that needed to be handled with care. At least, not where his dick was involved. The fact that she'd survived the tumble her crate had taken only to swallow his dick down her throat a few minutes later was proof enough of that. 

He had yet to discover exactly what kind of woman she was beyond that, but the way her lips curled up into a smile as pressed his own against them told Cas that she was exactly the kind of woman who could handle a man like him.

"Goodness, Captain," she cooed, the humid heat of her breath pouring over him, the scent of the whiskey still on her tongue. "You know just how to get my motor runnin'."

Cas grinned up at her, eliciting another "Oh!" of surprise from those perfect lips of hers as he reminded her how deep inside her he was with yet another thrust.

"Glad you like it," he told her, feeling her cunt clench up all over again in an aftershock. "But I'm not done with you yet."

"Mm. Captain..." Roxy pushed herself up off his chest delicately, humming with pleasure as she straightened. Her back arched, pushing her tits out gorgeously. "Let me ride you, then."

"Sure you're up for it?" Cas reached up to caress the underside of her breast, cupping it in his hand and relishing how heavy it was. Roxy's tits were ridiculously perky, especially for how big they were. If he had to guess, she was from one of those low gravity planets-- either that, or she was just some kind of magic. "You seemed pretty exhausted when I carried you in here."

Roxy folded her palm over his, squeezing her own breast tightly through his hand. Her eyes closed as she let out a sigh of comfort. "Maybe so. But I reckon I've still got more than enough energy for this." When her eyes opened again, the electric blue of them flashed deviously. "Let me make you come, Captain?"

"Since you asked so sweetly..." Cas replied, as if his balls didn't feel like they were about to burst any minute, aching from the way Roxy's tight cunt was still clenching around him tighter and tighter by the second.

"Mm. Thank you, Captain," Roxy cooed sweetly, her voice dripping with genuine gratefulness.

She set her hips into motion, grinding her clit down on his pelvis hard one moment, then rising up on him sharply the next. The clenching that he'd started in her pussy felt like she was milking his cock, teasing all the cum churning in Cas' balls as the sweet scent of her wetness filled the air between them.

Cas took Roxy's other breast in his hand, moving his thumbs across her hard pink nipples and relishing the way the sensation made her tremble.

"Keep doing that, and I'm gonna be coming again before you do, Captain."

Cas' grin widened. "Maybe that's what I'm aiming for."

A low moan left Roxy's throat, followed by a squeal of delight as he pinched her nipples, rolling them between his fingers devilishly. That only made her tighter than ever, the heat of her honey pooling at the base of his cock as she doubled her speed.

"Keep doing that, and I'm going to wind up coming inside you," Cas warned her, a growl rumbling through his chest. "Imagine that's the last thing you need right now."

"Mm. You'd better come inside me, Captain." A dazed smile lingered on Roxy's lips as she rocked up on and down on him, sending her tits bouncing heavy as his fingers continued to tease their peaks. "I'm a modern woman, doncha know. I've got that anti-pregnancy gene mod-- you can't knock me up unless I want you to."

"All the better, then," Cas said, thanking that higher power he didn't believe in for the miracles of genetic modification. "Because I'm about to pump that perfect pussy of yours so full of cum, you won't be able to walk straight for a week."

Roxy giggled, then moaned again. "I think we're already past that point, Captain. You're so big..."

Her shoulders shook again as she quickened her pace even more. He could see the orgasm building up in her all over again, this one promising to be even harder than the last. 

For a second, Cas considered holding off and letting her ride him silly, orgasm herself stupid on his cock over and over again until she couldn't put words together. But then he felt a hard, quick spasm of her pussy that left his cock throbbing inside her with a need that he couldn't deny. She was wrapped around him like a vice, and his balls were already aching with need. A need to fill her, a need to send every last drop of hot, sticky cum shooting as deep into her as he could, until her cunt couldn't take it anymore and it was gushing out of her.

Her lips fell open in a wordless scream that only echoed that same need, high and sweet and so sinful that Cas was sure he was going to hell just for enjoying it so damn much.
