 Cas had traveled halfway across the universe, mostly getting by on nothing more than a smug smile, roguish charm and a thick cock. From experienced hookers eager to please to dainty virgins, he'd been with every type of girl you could think of a dozen times. And occasionally, he'd been with more than one type of girl at a time.

There'd been that threesome with those triple-breasted gene-mod twins he'd met in the Outer Rim. The four-way at the Redhorn Saloon after a particularly good payday with three girls stacked on top of each other, nine holes all to himself. A few years back, he'd had a mental ten-way with a psyker from the Hubworlds, Cas and nine copies of the same big-titted redhead, moaning his name in a chorus while riding him in five telepathic dimensions. There was even that lesbian orgy he'd stumbled into in Shimmer City that one time. The fact that they'd asked him to stay for it, well, he just had to count himself lucky, even if he'd been left with aching balls for a week while he replenished.

But even with all that behind him, Cas had to admit that he'd never stumbled into a situation quite like this one before. Mercedes was still arching beneath him, her teeth sinking into her lower lip as she prepared to feel him push his big, thick cock balls-deep into her ass. And Roxy, despite her supposed jealousy, was on all fours just to the side, looking hungrily at Cas and the brunette warrior woman alike.

"You're fixin' to join us, then?" Cas asked the blonde, raising an eyebrow and not daring to question her motivations any further than that.

"Why not?" Roxy's electric blue eyes shimmered, casting an unearthly glow against the golden skin of her cheekbones. "You're hot. She's hot. I'm hot. We all want it. What's not to like?"

"Do we all want it?" Cas posed this question down to Mercedes, watching a wanton smile curl the corners of her lips as she reclined on a pillow of her own dark chocolate curls.

"I'm game if you are, Captain," Mercedes purred up at him, eyelashes aflutter. "Hell... I'm game for anything, as long as you're still planning on stuffing your cock up my ass."

Cas paused, thinking it over. Threesomes could get messy--and not the good kind. All it took was for one girl to get too jealous of the way he was sticking his dick in the other, and suddenly Cas was on the cock-end of a cat fight. It was times like this he wished he'd gotten that double-dick gene mod that an ex-girlfriend had offered to buy for him. Sure, it'd make tailoring his pants harder, but it'd make him easier to share.

But then he saw the way that Roxy and Mercedes' eyes met, an electricity pulsing between them that couldn't be denied. They held each other's gaze for a moment before looking over to him hopefully, two pink tongues moving in tandem between two pairs of soft, full lips.

"Hell... To the victor goes the spoils." Cas shrugged, deciding to enjoy it. "I'm not the only one who's beaten you today, Mercedes darlin'. Figure if Roxy wants to take her own winnings out of you, who'm I to deny her?"

"You mean it, Captain?" Roxy's eyes lit up with delight.

"I do," Cas said, a little laugh filling his chest. "Best straddle her face before I put my cock in her, though. Don't want her gettin' away from us, do we?"

"Like I'd be dumb enough to try twice." Mercedes' green eyes were filled with lust as Roxy took hold of Cas' hands, using him to steady herself as she mounted Mercedes' luscious, open dark pink mouth.

Cas squeezed Roxy's hands as she settled her knees on either side of the brunette's neck. "Wasn't aware you were this type of girl, sweetheart."

Roxy giggled. "Oh, Captain, you have no idea what kind of girl I am."

"Maybe not," Cas admitted. "But I'm enjoying finding out."

"Well, if you like this, then..."

"Will someone fuck me already?" Mercedes growled, her lips just an inch away from being buried in Roxy's cunt.

Cas and Roxy shared a look. Roxy wrinkled her nose adorably. Cas shrugged. Then, he took the blonde's waist in his hands, and pressed her down onto Mecedes' lips, stifling any further complaints with the slick, dripping heat of Roxy's pussy.

A ravenous moan burst out of Mercedes' mouth, loud enough that Cas could hear it even as Roxy's tight, soaked cunt drowned out the full brunt of the sound. Cas let go of one of Roxy's hands and twisted the brunette's nipple again. Her legs tightened around his waist with a buck of her hips in response.

"Just like that, yeah. Lick that soaked, slutty pussy, Merc," Cas encouraged her with a dark chuckle. "Ya know, if you would'a fought better, you wouldn't have a mouth full of Roxy's clit right now."

Cas glanced down to Roxy's knees, which were already trembling. She squeezed Cas' hand tight as her electric blue gaze met his.

"If you don't mind my sayin', Captain..." Roxy bit her lower lip, then let out a high, breathy moan of her own. "When it comes to having my clit in her mouth, s-she d-doesn't seem to m-mind."

Cas took a moment to enjoy the scene laid out before him. A trembling, slim-waisted blonde facing him, tits bouncing softly beneath an unbuttoned white men's shirt as she rocked her clit back and forth against the Mercedes' tongue. The hungry, eager brunette with her thighs clenched around his hips, pussy gushing down to lubricate the tight, hot pucker of her ass that the tip of Cas' cock was currently pressed firm against.

If there were one rule of Cas' life, it was that anything that seemed too good to be true probably was-- and the display of passion taking place before his eyes in that moment certainly was that. But if there were a second rule of Cas' life, it was that things were sure to go wrong eventually regardless of how hard he tried to restrain himself.

In which case, he decided, he might as well focus on the tight, hot bodies of the girls in front of him while he had them. If disaster was inevitable, who was he to question a turn of excellent luck?

(Oh, gracious me. Two women at once. You are a dirty one, aren't you, spacer?)

Cas blinked, a frown suddenly crossing his gaze as the posh, cool female voice he'd heard down in the hold earlier echoed once again in his head. Either his inner monologue had suddenly affected a sensual, upper-class lady's accent or something was going on.

He shook his head to get the voice out of it and took his thick, firm shaft in his fist like a weapon.

Telepathic interruption or not, Mercedes' ass wasn't going to fuck itself.

Cas felt her rock up against him, teasing his tip with the tightness of her hole. He pressed my cock even harder against her for her efforts, daring her to open up for him. Mercedes gasped into Roxy's cunt at the sensation. As the tip of Cas' dick slipped into her ass, her ring clenching around him like a vice, that gasp turned into a moan.

"Oh, Captain. Fuck me!" Mercedes groaned through a mouthful of pussy.

Mercedes' ass was the tightest thing Cas could have ever imagined. With every inch of his thick, hard cock that he fed into her, she clenched and bucked up against him violently, pulling him even deeper, just begging for more. But if Cas wanted to really plough her the way her perfect ass deserved, he'd need leverage. He found it in Roxy's waist, wrapping his hands around the blonde's slender curves as he pulled her forward towards him and pushed her down against Mercedes' mouth simultaneously.

"Mmmmph!" Mercedes moaned.

"Oh! God!" Roxy squealed, her entire body shaking. "Captain-- she's just forced her tongue inside me and-- and it's making-- it's making me--"

"Go on, then," Cas urged her, pressing her down even harder as he claimed a few more inches of Mercedes' tight, hot ass. "Come for us, Roxy. Show this mercenary slut how it feels to have your pussy coming against her dirty mouth."

If Mercedes' tongue was in Roxy's cunt, Cas knew good and well that bouncing Roxy up and down against the brunette's lips would mean that the blonde was being fucked at his tempo. He moved his cock in time with every motion of Roxy's body, setting the pace for both of the girls as Roxy arched and whimpered her way to an orgasmic peak.

(Watch yourself, spacer. If you're not careful, the blonde's gonna go off early and leave you all behind.)

Cas furrowed his brow as the posh female voice bounced around in his head again. His balls ached at the encouragement, but he still didn't know what to make of what was causing it, where it was coming from or why it was happening in the first place.

(Beggin' your pardon, ma'am, but I don't need a backseat assfucker at the moment), Cas broadcast his thoughts back at her, though he doubled his pace nonetheless.

Now, it wasn't just Roxy moaning high and breathy like she was about to cream herself around Mercedes' tongue. Low, ferocious growls were escaping from Mercedes' lips as well, each of them stifled then released by the blonde's slick, greedy pussy with every bounce.

Cas let go of Roxy's waist, letting her keep up with the pace he'd set so he could take one of her bubblegum pink nipples between the fingers of one hand, and one of Mercedes' darker, wine coloured peaks between the fingers of his other. Cas teased them mercilessly, pinching and tugging and squeezing in tandem until both women were shaking so hard that sinking his dick into Mercedes' ass felt more like fucking the vibrating pleasure-cybs from Angel's Peak than a real flesh-and-blood woman.

Roxy and Mercedes both were just on the edge of orgasm, and as far as Cas was concerned, it was his duty to push them over it into a screaming, world-shattering universe of trembling pleasure.

(There you go, spacer. You know just how to please a girl, don't you?), the posh voice purred inside Cas' head.

(Oh, fuck off!) Cas thought back at it, growling in annoyance. It was hard enough to focus on anything as it was, with the way Mercedes' ass was milking his cock and the way Roxy's tits were jiggling before him. He didn't need a voice in his head egging him on, as sultry and sexy sounding as it might have been.

Roaring, Cas pulled Roxy into a lip-searing kiss, slamming his cock balls-deep into Mercedes ass and reaching down to rub the brunette's clit. As his tongue tangled with Roxy's and his dick plunged as deep into Mercedes as he could thrust it, he felt them both convulse simultaneously, moaning and gasping sinfully in a mutual orgasm that was so hard and hot that it sent Cas tumbling over the edge along with them.

He bucked into Mercedes hard, unleashing two long, thick ropes of cum deep into her tight, wanton hole before pulling out and stroking himself off over her. The next two shots hit Roxy's tits and stomach, which dripped down Roxy's slit onto Mercedes' lips. He squeezed out the last of his cum onto Mercedes' mound as she lapped his seed up off of Roxy's pussy lips, slurping the blonde's juices up along with it.

"Oh, Captain," Roxy moaned, rising with a shiver and curling her fingers around the back of his neck. "Thank you for sharin' her with me. That was-- oof!"

Roxy yelped as Mercedes' hands took hold of the blonde's thighs, throwing her bodily to the mattress like a professional wrestler. The brunette gasped for air, having almost drowned in cunt. Cas smirked at the way Roxy's honey and his own cum had left Mercedes' lips and chin slick and glistening with wetness. It was a good look on her. So too was the pearly trail of cum slicked across her fine brown landing strip. He could get used to this.

"That was mighty fine, blondie" Mercedes finished with a wicked grin. "But next time, I'm on top."

"Oh." Roxy matched the brunette's smile with a fascinated one of her own. "There's going to be a next time, huh?"

Cas wound his hand in the blonde's hair, guiding her lips toward Mercedes' sex-soaked mouth. "I guess we'll just have to see how well we can all learn to get along."

He withdrew from Mercedes' ass nice and slow, putting a little pressure on the back of Roxy's head to crush her mouth against Mercedes' lips. The women tangled their tongues together passionately, cooing and giggling as they passed Roxy's honey and his cum between the two of them.

"Well?" Cas asked, pinching Mercedes' clit gently between his fingers, earning a whimper from the brunette. He moved his other hand from Roxy's hair to her round, firm ass, giving it a little smack and earning himself a yelp from the blonde before he took hold of her own clit, rolling it between his fingers with a smug grin. "What's the consensus?"

"Mm. I could get used to this," Roxy sighed, pulling away from Mercedes' lips with a giggle. A long, glistening strand connected their mouths for a moment, before they both ran their tongues across their lips, breaking it with a flick.

"Me too," Mercedes agreed. "Unless... Captain?"

Cas laughed at the way both women turned to him, hopefulness glimmering in their eyes. "I'm happy as long as you ladies are. But..." He struck out a finger, pointing to each of them in turn. "First sign of drama from any'a y'all an' I start sleepin' on the bridge, y'hear? Ship's big enough for all of us plus some, but if tensions start flaring, it's gonna get to feelin' smaller by the second."

"Oh, don't be so uptight, Captain." Mercedes rolled over, folding her body over Roxy's and kissing the blonde's nipple with plenty of tongue. "In Nova Company, we always slept together as we wished. Especially after battle." She grinned down at Roxy wolfishly. "We're all adults here, aren't we, blondie?"

"Mm. Very adult. Don't worry, Cas. We'll play nice." Roxy smiled, dazed for a moment, before her lips parted in a yawn that left her entire body stretching out beneath the brunette. "But gosh, after all that riding, I'm feeling real tired."

Roxy's yawn was infectious. It hit Mercedes first, opening her dark pink lips and rolling over, burying herself in the pillows. Cas even felt it in his own chest, though he swallowed it down before it hit him full force.

"Come here, Captain," Roxy beckoned sweetly as she and Mercedes settled beneath the sheets of the bed, the waves of their hair washing over the billows, golden and bronze. "You've had just as long of a day as any of us. Why not lay down for a while?"

Cas hesitated, then moved toward them with a nod. "Alright. But no trying to kill me in my sleep," he said to Mercedes, who lifted up her head so he could slip an arm around her shoulders.

"Wouldn't dream of it, Captain. Not right now, anyway." She settled her cheek against his chest with a smile.

"And no trying to fuck me to death while we're at it," Cas warned Roxy, wrapping his other arm around her similarly.

"No promises, Captain." Roxy pressed a soft, wet kiss against the stubble of his cheek and moved her thigh up across his lap. He could feel her stroking down Mercedes' calf with the tips of her toes as she nestled into the pillows, resting her nose against his neck.

Cas let a rumble of exhaustion purr through his chest as he sank down into the pillows himself. It had been a long day-- and an unexpected one, at that. But maybe his situation wasn't nearly as bad as he'd originally thought.

Sure, he'd have his client to deal with once he got the final girl awake. Probably a whole world of trouble to come crashing down on him after that. But for the time being, his balls were empty, his bed was soft and warm, he had a hot, busty, well-fucked naked woman beneath each arm and nothing to do but hold them while they all three drifted off to sleep.

For the moment... yeah. Just for the moment, everything was fine.

***

Cas awoke a few hours later. He was pleasantly surprised to find that, as promised, neither of the women in his bed had tried to kill him again. Yet.

He hadn't been able to sleep for a full, proper night in years. Not since the night that the Commonwealth had broken through the Brightreach blockade and opened fire on the refugee ships that had sought asylum there. The last time Cas had slept through the night, he'd woken up to a chunk of an Insurgency transport's outer hull crashing through his bunk in lieu of an alarm clock. He could still remember the way it had split his bed in two, hotdog style, and the crotch of his uniform right along with it.

Unwinding his arm from beneath Mercedes' body, Cas reached between his legs to cup his balls in his hand.

"Oh, good," he whispered to himself, breathing a sigh of relief. "Still there."

To his right, Mercedes stirred, woken by his movement. Her brow knitted together as her lips curled, a snarl appearing on them as her body twitched in place, thrashing gently against some unknown foe.

During the Insurgency, Nova Company had done the thing that mercenary companies always did. They'd taken Commonwealth cash, of course, but a few had found their way over to Cas' side, lured by promises of payment once the existing authorities were smashed and their taxes revoked. Based on Merc's distaste for blue caps, Cas would be willing to bet which side she'd found herself on. He wondered what battles were replaying in her dreams, much as Brightreach replayed in his. Devil's Belt. Nazareth Pass. Cinder Plains, maybe, where a platoon of Nova mercs hired to train up local miners had been gassed via airdrop before a landing party swept in to pick off survivors.

All told, Cas supposed he wasn't the only one who slept a little less than easy these days. Mercedes hadn't stirred until he had, though, which gave Cas a little nip of satisfaction. Always made him feel a little warm inside, knowing that a woman could sleep peacefully alongside him.

Roxy, on the other hand, slept sound as a kitten. She'd curled up close against Cas' naked frame, winding herself around him so tightly that he had to move with care just to rise without jostling her. Even after he'd managed to disentangle himself from his sheets and roll out of bed, a little smile was still playing on the blonde's lips as she scooted over, still unconscious, curling her slender limbs around Mercedes' curvaceous, muscled body instead.

That put a little flicker of warmth through his chest too. Whatever these girls had been through, at least they had each other. As for Cas, his stomach was growling, and he still smelled like pussy and sex.

He'd wake the girls up after a while, he decided. For now, they deserved a proper rest-- and he needed a hot shower and a good meal in him before he finally addressed the question that had been hanging over their heads since he'd first discovered Roxy in the hold: Who had put these girls in these boxes, and what were they going to do about it now that they were out?

The Adonia's shower had been overbuilt just as much as his bed had. There were more dials and buttons on its walls than he could shake his dick at and enough space for an entire squad of bodies to squeeze inside comfortably. Cas had fiddled with some of the spigots and controls when he'd first won the ship, but still didn't have a clue as to what a lot of them were for. He'd figured out how to turn the damn thing on, and that was good enough for him. Cas climbed under the steaming jet of water.

(Be sure to wash behind your ears, spacer), the female voice in his head called out to him as the bathroom filled with steam. (You must be absolutely covered in cunt by now.)

(Yeah, well, you oughta wash your fuckin' mouth, ya upper-crust floozy,) Cas thought back with a grumble. Whatever the voice was, he didn't need it commenting on his hygeine standards anymore than he'd needed its input on anal.

After a moment's pause, and feeling rather like he was being watched, he reached up and washed behind his ears.

Wrapping a plush towel from the warming rack around his waist, Cas swaggered out into the canteen with breakfast on his mind. Protein substitutes and flavouring weren't much to work with compared to the farm fresh eggs and thick cut bacon he'd gotten used to on Lost Landing, but he'd been a spacer for long enough to know how to make do.
