 Sara stood on the auction block and tried not to cringe under the stares of the eager wizards who were arguing amongst themselves. The auction had yet to begin and already she could tell the tempers were starting to flare. Staring around the room, she was surprised when a tall wizard caught her attention. 

Philip! I can't believe he risked death to find me. Joy filled her but was quickly replaced by concern for her chosen. If there weren't so many present she'd go to him. She was jerked out of her thoughts when the auctioneer dragged her forward and made her turn slowly to show off her assets. 

"Shall we begin, Lord Wizards?" A cheer rose from the wizards. " This is the exiled daughter of our new king. He has given his permission to the house of Eluran to auction off her virginity. Who wants to start the bidding?"

As it the sum grew, she waited and wondered why Philip stayed in the background.  Surely he's come to save me?

When she finally had given up hope, Philip's voice rang out above the other wizards and not to call a halt to the bidding as she had expected. Her heart feel to her feet as he doubled the current bid, effectively ending the bidding war which had been going on between to rival wizards.

"Five thousand ruzacs." A stunned silence fell in the auction hall. 

"Sold to Prince Philip." The auctioneer led Sara forward and presented her to Philip. As soon as he touched her, Sara knew it wasn't Philip before her, but wisely held her tongue until he guided her out of the room.  This can't be my Philip for the enchantment spell would have me curtsying and pulling away from him.

He stopped in front of a closed door. After opening it he pushed her through. If not for her quick reflexes, she knew she'd have sprawled on the floor.

"Not so high and mighty now are you, Sara? Wait you're now Zarita aren't you?" Brent stood in front of her and reached for the fastenings on his pants.

"Brent." The flare in his eyes confirmed her suspicions. Moving away from him, she bumped into the large bed behind her. Looking over her shoulder to see what she bumped into, she was caught unaware as Brent pushed her onto the bed, coming down on top of her. 

"A very smart little priestess, aren't you? I wouldn't let your customers know. Most won't appreciate their whore being smarter than they are." 

The acid in his words made Sara cringe and made her all too aware of the reality of her fate. When his hands ripped into the fine material of her clothes, she pushed at them. 

"Stop it, Sara! I've paid for your ass and I intend to have it. You can lie back and think of Philip if you want for all I care, as long as I get my cock wet." He forced her hands above her head.

Looking up into his face, she did the only thing she could think of and slipped into the shadow plane. Floating away from her body, she watched as he continued to rip the clothes off her body. I've got to find Philip. 

When she floated down the hall, she found another form on the shadow plane with her. 

"Auntie Clara?" She stopped in front of the other witch expecting her to disappear.

"I'm sorry child. I know you think I've lied about your destiny. But I haven't. Now I'm here to guide you on the next phase of your destiny. I warn you though, if you go through with this phase, you will find more pain."

"More?" Sara wrapped her arms around herself.

"Yes, but answer me truthfully, Sara, do you want to be Philip's chosen?" 

"Yes, more than anything." 

"Then come with me and I'll explain what you must do." 

* * * *

Sara followed Clara through the halls of the temple until they came upon a small corridor. She followed the wise lady into it and came to a stop. Two chairs were placed in front of a hearth. 

"Sit Sara. Let's have this little talk."

Sara sat down and waited for Auntie Clara to continue.

"Right at this moment, Sara, you're at a crossroads. By the time Brent is done with you, you'll be pregnant with his child."

"Pregnant?" Shock tore through her.

"Yes but who do you want to be its father - Brent or Philip?" 

"Well if Brent is the one raping me, won't he be the father?" Confusion was quite evident in her voice.

"Not necessarily. Brent will physically be your son's father but with your shadow walking abilities it is possible for you to pick the spiritual father of your son. I'm correct in my thinking you want Philip as the babe's father?"

"More than anything. What do I need to do?" Sara sat forward on her chair - anxious to know how to ensure her son had at least part of her chosen.

"Merge with him and this is the part which you may have a problem with due to your innocence. You have to seduce him into making love to you and he has to climax, Sara. IF you come back to your body carrying his seed in your body, his seed will combine with Brent's and take control of the spirituality of your son. The physical body has already been formed but without your spirit present, the babe's can NOT form. But once you return he'll form and wouldn't you >her have Philip's spirit guiding him?"

* * * *

Sara stood next to Philip's slumbering form. After Auntie Clara had explained what she had to do, she now wasn't certain she could go through with itIt feels wrong to steal a piece of his spirit even it if is to save my son. She stilled when he opened his eyes and stared directly at her. She knew he couldn't possibly see her but it felt as if he could.

"Sara?" His sleep roughened voice flowed over her. Chills of desire raced across her sensitive skin. 

How was this possible? I'm not supposed to feel anything unless I'm merged with him.

"I can feel you. I know you're there, why won't you merge with me, tarta?" Propping himself up on his elbow, he ran his hand over the place where she was standing. 

Heat flowed over them as his hand slid across her and the need between her thighs increased. Dropping to her knees next to him, she made her choice. Lord forgive me because I know Philip never will. She lined her body up with his.

"Will you accept me, Tibi?" Even though she knew she would do what she needed to, she would never take the choice of merging away from Philip.

"Always." He spread his arms wide and invited her in. She merged their spirits and sighed in pleasure. 

"It's like coming home." 

"Your home is always in my arms, tarta. No matter how much time and space separates us." Philip wrapped his arms around her. 

She could feel the beat of his heart and took comfort in it. As she savored the closeness of him, she fumbled with how to seduce him. 

"I can feel you thinking, Sara. What's on your mind?"

"I'm just wondering. Are you educable?" She could feel him still and waited for him to answer.

"For you tarta, yes. No other woman could seduce me but you. Are you concerned another will seduce me?"

"No, Tibi. I want to seduce you. If I can't have you forever, can I have at least one memory of giving myself to you and feeling loved?" She felt his suspicion at her request.

"Sara, what's going on? We'll be together soon. I've already made my way into the capital of Areseric. King Mica is supposedly staying with Charles and Deanna. I'll seek his aid and you'll soon be at my side and in my arms."

"You've been betrayed Philip. I was sent away the very same day as you."

"Where were you sent?" She could feel the fury build inside of him.

"I will not tarnish this time together with you with lies and anger, Philip. I've little time here. Will you make love to me?" 

"I can't tarta. Once I make love to you, the mezclar will consume us and we'll never be able to function apart. Until we are together, I won't risk your well-being. The mezclar is notoriously hard on the woman, more so than the man. I just can't risk it."

"For the mezclar to be completed don't I have to assume the dominant position astride you?" She felt the tug of desire in the pit of her stomach at the thought.

"Yes."

"Then if we love but remain on our sides it won't trigger it - correct?"

"What's your point here, Sara?" His breath hitched as she ran her hands down his chest to his flat stomach.

"Please Philip. I want you inside of me. I feel so empty and lonely. Won't you fill me?" 

"You aren't making this easy for me, tarta." The rough desperation in his voice would've made her smile under any other circumstance. She knew she was pushing him to his limits. A bit more and she was sure he'd surrender. 

"It's the easiest thing in the world, my chosen. Let me give you a bit of comfort and relief." Using her shadow walker abilities, she set about seducing her stubborn mate. By the time her power had made it's way down his torso to the throbbing cock between his thighs, she knew he was lost to a world of sensation and she wasn't above taking shameless advantage of his distraction.

"Tarta!" 

His soft exclamation of pleasure filled her with relief. Maybe this would be easier than she thought. She could feel the pleasure and his need as deeply merged with him as she was. As his need grew, she fed it and savored the backlash of pleasure. Every caress she gave him came back to her two-fold.

"Tibi, you feel so good. Do you realize in this state I can feel everything you do? I've never felt anything like this before."

"By the love of Mica, you better not have." 

His possessive response sent a thrill through her.

"I've always been yours, Tibi, and I always will be no matter what fate decides."

She could feel the suspicion rise in his mind once more.

"What's going on, Sara. I can feel your unhappiness."

"Why would I be unhappy at this moment, Philip. I'm safe in your arms and want to taste a bit of forbidden fruit." She wrapped her power around him once more, this time more desperate than before to distract him. When she enveloped his aching cock, she could feel the bolt of pleasure and anticipation race through his loins. 

"Stop, tarta. You're going to make me lose control." 

Instead of answering, Sara pushed a bit farther and knew the time was upon her. She opened herself to him as Auntie Clara had advised her, and took his very being inside of her. As he arched his back and a firestorm of pleasure ripped through them. 

"Sara!" 

"Philip." Awe filled her as their spirits connected. 

* * * *

Philip wasn't sure what his mischievous little tarta had done but he could feel her as if she was physically with him. It was different than the other times she'd given him the Shadow Embrace. It's as if she's let me inside of her soul. When she covered his mouth with hers, he thrust his tongue deep inside, ravaging her mouth as he longed to ravish her. He tore his mouth free as she slid over him like warm rain and settled her naked flesh against his.

"Where did our clothes go?" 

"We're as we're mean to be, Philip. Naked and open to our greatest desires."

"And what is it you desire, tarta?" Need thickened his voice as he wrapped his hands around her trim waist.

"You! More than anything else, I need you to claim what's yours." 

The raw desperation in her did what her pleading hadn't accomplished. His control snapped and he rolled her under him. 

"Tibi?" Her eyes widened with surprise.

"Shh, it has to be this way. I can't claim you in the traditional way. But doubt me not, Sara, once we do this - our next meeting will result in our bonding. Do you understand? There will be no more waiting for the moon to reach it's zenith, we will become one."

"Please Philip. I burn!" She lifted her hips into his, her need apparent. 

"Fuck it." Parting her legs he slid between them with a heartfelt groan. He slid inside with ease he hadn't expected. The velvet fire of her inner heat stripped what little control he had left. 

"Tibi, I...I.." 

Her escalating need pierced him and sent drove him higher. He could hear the slap of their bodies as they fought to ride the sharp crest of their passion. 

"Yes, Sara, come with me!" Pleasure spilled over him without warning as she peaked and dragged them both over the edge.

.* * * *

Sara stood trembling next to Philip in the aftermath. At the very end, the explosion of pleasure had forced her to loose her focus and she'd slipped out of the Shadow Embrace. Pressing her hand against her stomach, she cherished the warm of his seed in her womb. She winced as he opened his eyes and stared directly at her even though she knew he couldn't physically see her.

"Remember my promise, tarta. Mezclar or not, you'll be bonded to me. Mine for all time." 

Even after he slipped back into a contented slumber, she stood frozen at his side. All of her energy was gone now that her mission was completed. She wished she could stay at his side forever but knew she could only hold the shadow walk for so long before she was forced back into her body. She nearly cried out as he started to fade before her. Once more her body was reclaiming her spirit. Just before he faded completely, Auntie Clara appeared in front of her. She chanted a spell over Philip's sleeping form. 

"What are you doing?" 

"Insuring your next meeting with Philip will go as planned." 

Then Clara turned to Sara. 

"To the sun which rises in the west and sets in the east, you Sara will have no control the next time you cross paths with your chosen. The need to claim and be claimed will consume you above all others. This compulsion will be stronger than any other and will be with you until you complete the bonding, physically, magickly and spiritually."

Sara groaned as the spell washed over her and both Philip and Clara faded away completely...

...She cried out as Brent rolled off her and gloated.

"You were a virgin but you have a lot to learn about fucking. A limp washrag has more animation than you." Swinging his legs off the bed, he grabbed his discarded pants. Her eyes were dry as she watched him dress. Her entire body was aching and she knew without a doubt her first time had done more than rid her of her virginity; it had scarred her body. 

After he left, she slowly stood and walked on wavering knees to the full-length mirror on the other side of the room. Numb, she took in the damage to her body. He'd left teeth marks on her breasts and neck. She could feel the scratches which ran down her ass, but all of that paled in comparison to the mark he left on her lower abdomen. The small black orchid, the symbol of denoting her new position as a Priestess of Eluran graced her belly just above her pubic bone. A sob tore from her throat at the branding mark. Her subjection was complete now. She would never escape her lot in life or fulfill the destiny which Auntie Clara had foretold. 

"It's done." 

Sara turned at the headmistress's smug voice. 

"Tsk-tsk, your prince charming left you quite the mess, Zarita. Clean up it's time for your next customer." 

Sara gave the headmistress a mocking smile. 

"I don't think so, Headmistress."

Anger flared in the woman's eyes. 

"You dare..." 

"By your rules alone, Headmistress, I'm no longer available for use." Sara's voice turned smug. "I carry my son."

"You lie!"

"Call your healers if you don't believe me." 

The headmistress eyes narrowed. 

"You don't think I will?" 

"I'm counting on it." 

* * * *

Brent straightened his collar as he left the temple. Damn, it was good to take her, even if she did lie there like a limp rag. For once I got something first which should have been my brother's. Maybe I'll have to come back and visit her once the little slut has been broken in.

"We have business to discuss Prince Philip." A strong hand wrapped around his upper arm and he was yanked to a halt.

"I'm sorry you have the wrong brother! I'm Brent." He tried to yank his arm away from the dark skinned man. 

"Mr deArunaught, please do not make this unpleasant. My employer can be very persuasive when he wants. He has a proposition for you. One you may find, benefits both of you. What harm can come from hearing him out?" 

As Brett weighed his options, he caught a glimpse of the imperial guard. He cringed when a shout went up. 

"There he is. Traitor!" 

"Can you get me outta here?" Brent looked around for any possible escape route but realized standing in the entrance to the dead end alley which ran behind the temple there was no means of escape.

"Yes." 

"Then lets go hear what your boss has to offer." 

"Brace yourself." The man placed his hand around Philip's arm and the last thing Philip remembered seeing was the faces of the approaching guards. They'd murder in their eyes.

* * * *

Philip awoke the following morning feeling refreshed and energized despite the task he knew was ahead of him. It's pointless to wait for Brent. He's probably long gone, like dust in the wind. The gruesome task of laying our father to rest belongs to me alone. 

Rolling his pall seruim around his father's body. Offering a prayer to the heavens above, he lit a small branch of the seruim and blessed his father's body. As he waved the burning branch he recited the traditional passage of rites over him.

"As your son and of your blood, I bid thee a safe journey to the blessed afterlife, where you shall join your father and all the father's before you. Once a great king and loving father, I did thee farewell and be at peace." 

Philip drew himself inward as he placed the burning branch to the seruim encircling his father's body. He watched as it caught fire before completing the ritual.

"Now that your soul and spirit has moved onward, to join your beloved wife and family, I now take the husk of your body and bless it to be returned to Mother Venus, to once more nourish our beloved home." 

Tears filled Philip's eyes, as he watched his father's body being slowly consumed by the fire. With his brother and father gone, he was alone except for his beloved chosen, Sara. 

"We will be together, tarta, for I shall not rest until you're once more at my side." 

* * * *

Brent's eyes adjusted slowly to the darkened room he found himself in. He stiffened when the man who'd brought him here entered, followed a darkened figure across the room. A switch clicked and the room was filled with light. Squinting against the brightness after the darkness, he tried to focus on the men.

"So Mr DeArunaught, you've come to hear my offer?" The man continued to stay in the shadows.

"Yes, your kind associate was generous enough to bring me here."

"He was fleeing the Imperial Guard." 

"I prefer to call it a tactical retreat." Brent's hackles rose at the man's obvious contempt.

"Well, before I offer you the deal of a lifetime, Mr DeArunaught, you'll have to prove yourself worthy of it. Defeat your attackers and then I explain more." The man snapped his fingers and immediately Brent found himself surrounded by four scruffy looking men.

His anger boiled forth when he saw the silver knifes clenched in the fists of two of his attackers. 

"Don't believe in fighting fair, do you? As the earthling's say, you'd be fucked. You brought a knife to a gun fight." Drawing deep within himself, he brought forth a surge of power so strong the men around him backed away. Giving them all a smug smile, he released the power and let it flow through him and then out of his widespread arms. Using it as a vicious whip, he wrapped his powers around the two nearest men. One had the silver knife while the other was trying to trace magick symbols in the air in front of him.

"It's a bit late for that."

With deceptive ease he killed both men. A surge of elation ripped through him as he took a life for the first time. Dad didn't know what he was talking about. Taking a person's life is more potent the any aphrodisiac I've ever tried.

The two remaining men after seeing their cohorts drop to the floor dead -made a feeble attempt to escape.
