 "Ok, what is it?"

Joe pushed his blonde hair out of his eyes and grinned. "It's magic Pete, plain and simple."

"Bullshit. Is that what you pulled me out here for, some trick? Dude, I have such better things to do than to come over here and listen to your lame attempts to pull a prank."

Joe thought back to the week before. He and Pete were both Yale science majors, focusing on neurobiology and biochemistry. They were fascinated the way the body worked, and being college students, loved to research and talk about how the body changed during sex. That's what made this so exciting.

He had been spending the weekend in Salem, enjoying the different sites and attractions. Even though Joe was a science major, he loved reading up on magic and witches. Sometimes science seemed like magic, and it was fun to think about all the things you could do with just a wave of your hand and some magic words. So trawling through the faux magic shops was a good kick, and he liked teasing the "professional witches" who ran them. But then he had a rude awakening with the mysterious young woman who ran this shop near the woods outside Salem. It had been an interesting afternoon, to say the least.

"I'm serious Petey. This necklace is magic, and it's real. It can turn you into a girl, I tested it myself. It can probably turn girls into guys, I just haven't had the chance to try it yet."

Pete took the necklace from Joe and brought it up to his face. It was pretty ordinary looking. Just a simple iron disk with the astrological symbol for man and woman superimposed on each other, with a simple string running through it to loop on your head. On the back, there were words that he couldn't quite make out.

"Dude, you're such a bad liar. What does it say on the back?"

"Curious/let your passions show/Say 'Hectate, let free my loins/Until my body knows/Man from woman/Woman from man/And knowledge sealed/change me back again.'"

"What?"

"It's simple. Say the words while wearing the necklace, and you are changed into a woman. To change back, you only have to "understand" what it's like to be the other gender. It took me about an afternoon."

"Dude, where is this going? Once I say the words I'll know you're full of shit. What do you think is going to happen?"

"Only one way to find out. Wait, let me get my camera."

Joe set up his tripod behind him, facing Pete. Pete was 5'10", and handsome enough for a man. His short crew cut framed his face well, and showed off the strong chin under his brunette hair. His body was skinny under a simple t-shirt and shorts, not muscular, but had enough fat and muscle so that he looked lean instead of gaunt. Joe looked him up and down, pleased he had asked the right person. If general body types held, Pete was going to make a damn sexy woman, and make what came next very enjoyable indeed.

"Whatever. Are we ready to get this over with?"

"Ready when you are! Chant away."

"Hectate, let free my loins/Until my body knows/Man from woman/Woman from man/And knowledge sealed/change me back again."

The change was instantaneous. Pete's whole body rippled, and the air around him seemed to shimmer. Joe blinked, unable to look directly at him, but when he vision cleared his jaw dropped. Standing before him was the sexiest woman he had ever seen. Pete's crew cut had changed into long, dark hair flowing down his back to his waist, and framed a beautiful oval face with full lips and petite knows. Under the t-shirt, Joe could see Pete's breast swelling out, probably a C or a D cup, hard to tell. His waist had also shrunk, and Pete was having a hard time holding up his shorts after the change. Interestingly, all the hard on his legs and arms had disappeared. Looking down, Joe saw that Pete's feet had also shrunk, and no longer fit into his sandals. Idly he wondered, I wonder where all the extra mass goes?

"Holy fuck. Dude what the hell!?!??! I'm a woman!"

Even his voice had changed. Before, his voice was a slightly deep tenor, but now it was smooth, soft and silky. Apparently Hectate didn't like ugly people.

"Told you so. Take off your clothes, check it out for yourself."

"Dude, I'm not getting naked in front of you."

"Think of the science. We have to examine you, and I want to see the full extent of the changes. How do you feel, what are you feeling? What's different?"

Pete was still in shock, but coming out of it. Running his hands along his body, he marveled at how sexy his body felt under his hands. It was surreal, feeling on himself the type of body he had only seen in porn. He noticed the mirror Joe had standing by, and admired himself. Now that he was over the initial shock, he felt highly aroused. Looking at his body in the mirror, he only got more horny thinking about what was underneath.

"Dude, I don't know if it's the necklace or me, but I'm getting really horny looking at myself." Distractedly, Pete stepped out of his sandals and pulled his t-shirt off over his head. His nipples instantly stiffened in the open air, and Pete took a minute to admire his full breasts, perky and huge. Not a D cup, but definitely a full C, sitting high on his chest. He looked over at Joe.

"Is this for real?"

Joe was wearing a stupid grin. "Dude, it's fucking happening."

Pete looked down at Joe's crotch, and saw his pants bulging out. For some reason, it turned him on even more to see Joe get hard looking at him. It made him want to put on more of a show, to get him even hotter. Not thinking about it, Pete let his shorts and boxes slide down off his legs, and stepped out of them. Fully naked, he noticed soft peach fuzz around his pussy, and idly played with the hair. Letting his fingers venture further, they crept into folds and starting exploring. It felt fucking fantastic, and he half closed his eyes, letting his other hand creep up to his breasts and start playing with his nipples.

He opened one eye, and saw Joe staring at him wide eyed. Grinning to himself, he sat on the ground and spread his legs out, facing Joe. He started playing with himself in earnest, wanting to turn Joe on to the max. Shaking his hair out of his eyes he said "Come closer. Bring the camera over to see this."

Trembling, Joe brought the camera closer. His penis was threatening to burst out of his pants, and Pete was just getting warmed up. His pussy was glistening, and as Pete brought his fingers up to taste them, Joe thought he was going to explode. Fuck, this is so hot. I want to fuck Pete so bad.

Picking up the pace, Pete dived his fingers in and out of himself. Moaning with pleasure, he started thrusting into his fingers, pushing for deep pleasure. He was so wet, so hot, he just wanted to fuck something immediately. Opening his eyes, he saw Pete holding his dick and stroking it furiously. Pushing himself up on his knees, he crawled over to Pete and gently took him between his lips. Still fingering himself, he rolled his tongue around Joe's penis, savoring how full and thick it was. Joe moaned, and with Joe's cock in his mouth Pete looked up at him with the best "fuck me" eyes he could show.

Joe grabbed the back of Pete's head and started thrusting into him. It felt so fucking good, he didn't know how long he could last. As a woman, Pete was such a slut, he started taking more and more of Joe's cock without being forced, trying to go as deep as he could and take it all the way back in his throat. Joe moaned and grunted, and it made Pete's heart race. Remembering all the things he liked in a blow job, and what he wished girls had done, he sucked and used his tongue to play with Joe's tip, and then used the back of his throat to squeeze and compress Joe's penis like his throat was a tight pussy. It was so hot having a penis in his mouth, Pete felt himself building to a climax. Half in amazement he thought, I'm going to cum choking on Joe's cock and it feels so fucking good. I need him to fuck me next.

"Pete, oh my God, I'm getting ready to cum." Pete could only mumble "mhm" with a cock in his mouth, but started sucking and bobbing his head even faster. Joe let out a deep moan, and started pumping into Pete's mouth. Rope after rope of stringy cum shot out of him, and Pete came as well, throwing his head back and crying out "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh my God, ohmyGod ohmyGod." Some cum missed his mouth and caught his chin, slowly dripping down onto his breasts. Coming down, Pete swallowed and licked his lips, tasty Joe's salty cum. Maintaining eye contact with Joe, Pete scooped up the cum off his chin, and slowly licked it off his finger. 

"Damn, Pete. That was fucking hot."

"It's not over yet." Pete wasn't even thinking about the fact that he had been a guy 10 minutes ago, his blood was still racing in his ears, and his pussy was still throbbing with the need to be fucked. He felt so turned on, and the orgasm only made it worse. He wanted another one, needed another one. He wanted to feel Joe's dick inside of him, and only in the back of his mind where he could still think straight was he even half shocked at how much he whoring himself up to Joe. But he pushed those thoughts back and lay down, with one leg curled up and his fingers massaging his loosening pussy. 

"Come here Joe. Fuck me, fuck me hard."

To be continued