 This is my first submission here on literotica and I am curious as to the kind of reception it will receive, so please if you read this, rate it and leave me your comments, let me know what your take on it is. I am a firm believer in the notion "there is always room for improvement" so all constructive criticism is highly welcome and appreciated, let me know what I am doing wrong so I can get better at this. Also if you think I have done a good job drop a compliment or two. I don't have an editor this is for fun, so if you say anything about it I won't read the rest of your comment.

Disclaimer

All characters depicted within the story are eighteen years of age or above.

###############

"Come on Mark do I really have to do this?" Ryan asked as he stepped over a chicken.

"Of course you do, you lost the bet" Mark said, as they climbed the steps toward the beat down house.

"But Miss Gwen is bat shit crazy, she'll kill me as soon as I knock on the door." Ryan argued. Ryan had just lost a bet during a one on one basketball game against Mark. Mark bet him to knock on Miss Gwen's AKA Pollo Loko Gwen's door and ask her if she needed any help with anything. The bet seemed innocent enough, though Mark new Miss Gwen would say yes. He also knew she would request the craziest thing ever. He had been dared to do the same thing about a month ago. 

"Well here we are, I'll see you later, tell me how it goes." Mark said as he turned and walked to his car. 

"Hey you're not gonna wait got me?"

"Nope, you don't live that far away. You can walk" Mark laughed as he sped off. Ryan stood there and fumed. Mark knew he couldn't back down from a challenge like this. So he knocked three times and waited. The door cracked and an older woman opened the door.

"What the fuck do YOU want?" She spat at him. Her voice sounded like she had smoked a pack of cigarettes her entire life.

"Ummm hi my name is Ryan and I was wondering if you needed any help with anything?"

She just stood there for a moment and then she gave him a once over. Ryan got a weird feeling she was checking him out. 

"Hmmm, maybe you can, come inside. Have a seat in the living room." She pointed through a doorway. "I'll get us some lemonade." He was surprised as soon as he entered the house, the outside was not a reflection of the inside. The furniture and decor was old-school but we'll kept. I sat down on a comfy couch and waited. She walked in with a tray of limeade and cookies and sat down across from me. She watched me while I ate the cookies and limeade but didn't say anything. Finally when I was done she spoke.

"So what are you willing to help me with?"

"Umm anything, I'm good with my hands if you need me to fix anything." She stared at him again and then her eyes wandered. She's checking me out! That's weird. 

"Anything?"

"Yeah pretty much."

"Ok. I want to have sex with you." She said it with a completely straight face. I was caught completely off guard. I just sat there and stared at her. She is serious, I can't believe she just asked me that. I'm going to kill Mark when I see him. Some way he must have known she would ask. 

"Ok" I murmured. Her face lit up, she grabbed me by the wrist and led me up the stairs. We stopped in front of what I assumed was her bedroom.

"Last chance to leave." She said over her shoulder.

"I gave you my word, and if you knew me you would know I never go back on my word. But I have to apologize in advance, I'm not attracted to older women so I'm gonna just lay on the bed and let you do your thing."

She walked into the room. I turned, closed the door and begun taking my clothes off. 

"Thank you so much." She said. I turned and saw a single tear fall down her wrinkly face. She shook the tattered robe from her arms and let it fall to the floor. As soon as it hit the floor she began to glow and I watched in awe as this old women became a beautiful girl. Her wrinkly skin started to tighten, her saggy breast firmed into a nice pair B cups topped with little pink nipples. As the glow faded a Pettit girl around my age stood naked before me. My cock quickly hardened and she looked at it hungrily. 

"Please hurry I need your cock inside me." She said as she pushed me onto the bed. She mounted me quickly as she grabbed my cock and aimed it at her wet pussy lips. "Sorry no time for foreplay." She said as she dropped her dripping wet pussy onto my cock. She only managed get half my cock on her first try. We both moaned in ecstasy. 

"How big is your cock?" 

"About 8in."

"Unh you feel so good with only 4in inside me. It's been so long. I want the rest of your cock now!" She put both hands on my chest and raised hers ass until jst the tip of my cock was still in her pussy. "Thank you" she moaned and then slammed her wet pussy onto my cock fully penetrating herself. I watched her eyes slowly roll into the back of her head. Her body began to shake and pussy throbbed around my cock. 

"OH RYAN, I'M CUMMING... I'M CUMMING"

I held her as she writhed on top of me. I tried my hardest to keep from cumming in her, but her moans in my ear and the sporadic squeezing of her pussy were to much. 

"OH shit I'm gonna cum" I moaned as started to lift her off of me. 

"No, please. I wanna feel you cum inside me." She grabbed my wrist to stop me and slammed herself down on me again. I couldn't stop myself, I felt my balls clench and cum rush up my cock into her hungry pussy. 

"OH FUCK I'M CUMMING!"

"OH god, that's feels so good" It's been so long since I felt some warm cum paint the walls of my pussy. Uunnnh I think I just came a little again.

"I'm sorry I came so fast. It's just that you really surprised me with the..." He couldn't think of the right way to explain her turning into a young woman. 

"Oh me turning into a young woman? Don't worry about it. I'm just really glad you went through with it. I've been stuck in this house looking like that for over 100 years."

"Ha ha there is no way you're that old."

"Yes unfortunately I am. I was cursed by a powerful wizard for getting his lover to use black magic. So he banished me to this realm as an old lady. But enough about me, I have very little time left and I need to give you something." She walked to the closet and pulled out a small wooden box inscribed with strange symbols.

"When the wizard cursed me, he prophesied that a hero would come and release me from the curse. He gave me this box and told me to give it to that hero. So... here you go hero." She smiled sweetly at me. 

"What's in it?"

"I don't know. It will not open for me. Oh... also he said not to open it till you're at home and alone. Well see you later lover."

"Where are you going?"

"I don't know I just know I have to go." She walked up and kissed me on the forehead. Then she just disappeared. No flashing lights, weird noises or anything. Just disappeared, leaving me naked in a strange house. Did that really just happen or am I hallucinating? I reached out and grabbed the box. It was a little smaller than a shoebox. Well it feels real, I'll open it later like she said and figure it out then. I gathered up my things, tossed the wooden box in my workout bag and jogged home. 

*****

I opened the door to my mom's house, where I currently rent the basement. I'm staying there until I've made enough money to get my own place. Ok that's a lie. Between the money my father left me and the money I make from the computer programs I sell I could easily move out. The thing is I love her cooking and she is hot as hell. I don't know how many times I've cum jerking off to pictures of her. I have some really good ones from when I was in high school and she was skinny dipping while I was supposed to be at school. I think she knows how attracted I am to her and I also think she enjoys it. She is average height and slim, which makes her DD tits stick out. Even though she is 41 years, she is still a MILF. 

"Hey mom"

"Did you have fun at the gym? You're a little late getting back." It sounded like she was in the kitchen. She was probably cooking for dinner.

"Yeah... Got a little distracted on the way home."

"Hope you had fun." You have no idea.

"I have a couple of things I need to take care of, I'll see you at dinner." I took a quick shower and sat on the bed. Here goes nothing. I slowly opened the the box and inside lay a blue sapphire. A voice began to speak to me from the sapphire.

"You who have released the witch from her curse, I shall use my great power to fulfill your desires." The voice said.

"Who are you?"

"I am a Vessel of Albretion the Emulator. A mere fragment of his power left behind. "

"So what now? I just wish something and you give it to me."

"Yes and no."

"Hmmm... I can't decide on what to wish so easily."

"If I may give some advice."

"Okay go ahead."

"Don't worry about making it a wish. Just think of how you want me to use my power and tell me. I also took a small peek in your head and I believe I know exactly what you want. something that you gave up on because it's frowned upon."

"And what is that?"

"You want a harem. That's why your relationships don't work, one woman can't keep you sated and interested long."

"Your right they don't last that long."

"So my question is do you want me to inthrall the first couple of gorgeous woman you come into contact with or do you want to take your time and carefully pick each one over the next couple of years?"

"Hmmm... Neither one of those sound good. Let's do something in between those two extremes. I already have three women in mind that I want first. Here's what I have in mind To get them..."

**

I spent two hours the night before with Albertion, Al for short, fine tuning my plan. First off he explained to me that I the ability to completely control my body in any way. He said he only their as a guide. So I started by having any skin or hair that I shed become nanites. They would be able to show many anything they see or hear, infiltrate people, multiply and construct simply constructs. I had him give me telekinetic powers increase my stamina, full control over my body mass so I no longer need to workout and I can cum as much and as many times as I want. I new it would be very useful in my plans. I woke well rested the next day. 

"So Al let's get started." 

Four screens popped up in my vision showing four women.

"Wow this is perfect, how did you know to pick that? "

"I told you I looked in your head. I saw that you play video games, so this would be the easiest way to show you."

"Oh, okay. Makes sense, let's see who were gonna start with."

The first one showed my friend Mira, she has an athletic body, nice perky C cup breast and she is bi sexual. We've been friends since high school, and she has always been very open with me about her sex life. She loves using strap-ons. The second one showed my mother asleep in her bed. The third one showed my Aunt Terra. She's a 35 year old millionaire widow. Her husband and my father died in a plane crash a few years ago. She's what I call a PAWG, a Phat Ass White Girl, with a nice B cup. The last was a mystery, she was a small petite woman, with possible a B cup. I couldn't say what she looked like, Al was blurring her face.

"Nice touch there with the last one Al." 

"You're welcome Sir." Al knew I wanted the last one to be single, anonymous and that exact body type. I thought it would be cool to slowly nudge her into my harem. All but Mira were sleeping, which was perfect because I had planned on starting with her anyway.

"Al if any of them get naked make sure you blur it too. I want to keep it a surprise."

"Yes sir."

"Ok let's start with Mira."

The other screens faded and Mira's screen enlarged.

****

Mira was flicking through channels trying to find something to watch, when she felt a wave of lust flow through her. She moaned as her nipples hardened, and her pussy lips moistened. 

"OH wow. What was that?" She said with a husky voice. Another wave of lust flowed through her, and she moaned again.

"OH fuck, I'm gonna have to masturbate or I'm gonna soak my panties all day." Mira quickly put her favorite lesbian porn into the DVD player and yanked off all her clothes. Just before she started to finger herself, she looked down at her clit as it began to engorge and lengthen. She sat there shocked as it grew bigger and bigger. She couldn't believe what was happening. Finally it stopped, it had be at least 6 1/2 inches. It didn't look like a clit anymore, it looked like a cock. 

"I've have to be dreaming." She said as she as she reached out to touch it. 

"OH Fuck." She moaned loudly as her finger gripped the cock. She had always wanted a cock, which is why she loved fucking girls with strap-ons, though she didn't want to lose her pussy. She still liked having sex with guys occasionally. 

"Uhhnn... Even if this is a dream, I'm going to enjoy this." She leaned forward an let a large glob of spit fall onto the cock. She moaned as she slowly spread the spit over the cock. She started stroking it.

"Uh...that...feels...uhn...so good." She was trying to go slow but it felt so good, she was slowly speeding up. She was about to come, she couldn't have been stroking it got more than five minutes. She had never cum so quickly. 

"OH Shit. OH Shit! I'm gonna cum from this cock. No! I'm gonna cum from my dick! I'm cummmmmming!" She yelled. She had wanted to watch her dick cum but it felt too good. Her head tilted back and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. All of her senses were overpowered by the feeling of cum rushing up her dick. She didn't even feel the cum land on her tits and stomach. Not until a solid minute of bliss later did she notice it. 

"OH my god that felt awesome." She had never cum that hard before. She was curious how it would taste, so she scooped some into her mouth.

"Mmmm... Taste like regular cum, but a little better." She said as she breathed heavily. 

"So I guess this isn't a dream." She said out loud. She jumped a little as her phone began to ring.

******

Ryan was enjoying watching Mira. She seemed to really enjoy his gift. He picked up his phone and texted her.

-I hope your enjoying your gift. You have 30 minutes left till it disappears. If you really enjoy it come talk to me. The side door is open.-

******

Mira read the text.

"No way... Well ummmm. I guess I'll see him in 30 minutes." She says as she gripped her cock.

******

"OK enough of that Al. Let's see my mom." The picture in front of me changed to my mother sleeping. She was moaning in her sleep.

******

Emily was having the dream again. She was laying on a massage table face down. She was enjoying a sensual massage, her back covered in oil. The masseuse was currently paying a lot of attention to her ass. His fingers were grazing her pussy lips. She would normally stop anyone from doing that but he had massaged her so well. He was getting bolder and more aggressive by the second. She couldn't help but moan as he slipped a finger inside her. 

"Turn over mom, so I can do your front." He said. She turned over quickly to find that her son Ryan was the one massaging her.

"Ryan what are you doing!?" She was shocked that knowing it was her son only made her hornier. 

"Relax mom, it's not like it's my first time doing this."

*****

"Hey Al this isn't the dream I told you to give her." Ryan said a little annoyed. 

"I looked in her mind and found that dream she's had a couple of times. I thought it might be better than the one you chose." Al said.

"Oh... Nice. I thought she was turned on by me. OK that was a good call."

"Would you like to see the rest of the dream Sir?"

"No, that would ruin the surprise. Just make sure she wakes up when she cums. Also heighten her arousal evey time she sees me or thinks of me."

"Yes sir."

"OK. Has Terra read the email I sent yet."

"She's just woke up an is reading it right now."

"Let's see her."

*****

Terra had just finished getting ready for her lunch date with Fabio. She decided to check her email before she headed into town. 

-Dear Terra, I know what you need and the men you are using for sex aren't doing it anymore. When you are done with the others, here are my instructions. 

1. You will text me between 8-10pm. 

2. Tie your ankles to the bed post. With your ass in the air.

3. Put a blind fold on.

4. Handcuff your wrist together.

LUV Mr. R.-

"Ha ha yeah right, that's not gonna happen." She said as she deleted the email. He was right though, the last two guys she kept in her phone for booty calls didn't even make her cum the last time they were over. She had to fake it with both of them. Which was why she was so excited Fabio was in town. That man could make her toes curl over and over again.

******

"Sir she deleted the email." Al told Ryan.

"It's OK. Just make sure to send her the email again once she gets home." Ryan said.

"Yes sir. Just so you know sir, she's going on a date."

"Hmmm... Oh just make sure she can't cum. That actually helps a little, her sexual frustration may speed this up a little. Last but not least the mystery girl. Al have you given her the suggestions we discussed?" He asked.

"Yes sir. They will start to take affect as soon she wakes up. Her name is Rebecca."

"Good, I'm going to go in the shower let me know when Mira gets here."

"Yes sir."

******

Mira was watching her cock slowly shrink back into a clit. The three orgasms after the first one were not as intense as the first one. But Mira wasn't mad, watching cum shoot out of her cock was so hot. Mira quickly got up and wiped the cum off her tits and stomach. 

"I have to talk to Ryan and figure out what the hell is going on." She said out loud to herself as she hurriedly threw on shorts and a shirt. Ryan only lived a block away, so she just walked to his house. As she walked into Ryan's part of the house she could hear the shower running. 

*****

"Sir Mira is here." Al told Ryan. 

"Okay this should be fun." Ryan smiled as he dried off. He threw on a shirt and shorts

"Oh hi Mira."

"So let's cut to the chase, how did you do that and can you do that again." She asked.

"Oh so you can go out and fuck a bunch of girls?" 

"Of course, it felt awesome jerking it. I can't wait to put it in a wet pussy!" She said excitedly.

"I swear you should of been born a guy. But to answer your question, it's magic and yes I can do it again." I said with a toothy grin.

"Crap I know that look you have some scheme planned. So what's this gonna cost me?"

"Before that I want you to know we have been friends a long time so I'm going to tell you everything and then you can decide if you still want this. I lost a bet and had to help Pollo Loko Gwen. She asked for sex then turned into a hot girl. We had sex then she gave me a box that had a magical gem in it. I used the magic to give you a cock temporarily. I am going to use this magic to make a harem and if you swear yourself to me you can enjoy the woman with me."

"So if I swear myself to you I get to keep the cock and fuck any girl in the harem?" She asked.

"Yes and you would be mine. You would also will not get sick, and age slower. Most importantly once you've had enough you could leave and have a regular life."

"OK that's pretty straight forward. One last question... am I the first one you have propositioned?" she asked.

"Yes"

"Oh so I'm your favorite?"

"Sorry but no."

"So who is?"

"I'm not going to tell you about any of the other woman I want until you swear yourself to me."

"Oh come, please tell?" she pouted.

"Ok I'll give you a hint about one of them. We have both had a huge crush one her since high school." I could see she was thinking hard, then she got a confused look on her face.
