 Thank you for all the helpful comments on part one. Please if you read this, rate it and leave me your comments, let me know what your take on it is. I am a firm believer in the notion "there is always room for improvement" so all constructive criticism is highly welcome and appreciated, let me know what I am doing wrong so I can get better at this. I don't have an editor this is for fun, so if you say anything about grammar I won't read the rest of your comment.

*****

Disclaimer

All characters depicted in sexual scenes within the story are eighteen years of age or above.

*****

"I'm a loyal gnome and I'm just following orders, he won't kill me. I'm a loyal gnome and I'm just following orders, he won't kill me." Hee'dir kept repeating this little mantra to himself as he approached Lord Galreas Voidsnow's quarters. He could hear him rutting with the Worgen woman loudly. "I'm a loyal gnome and I'm just following orders, he won't kill me." He told himself once more before entering his Lord's chambers. He cleared his throat loudly and kept his eyes downcast. Galreas pulled out angrily. 

"Why have you interrupted me!?!" He yelled angrily as an orb of fire coalesced in each hand. Hee'dir didn't even look up.

"Sir you said as soon as any of your scouts get a hint of Albretion's magic, you were to be told immediately." He said his voice shaking. Galreas' balls of fire dispersed.

"Hmmm Albretion the emulators power has finally resurfaced. Where?" he asked. Hee'dir finally looked up at Galreas.

"In the Earth realm, on the North American continent." 

"Perfect, that far away from anyone teaching them they will be an easy target. Thank you for coming directly to me." He smiled and then vaporized Hee'dir's head. "Dinkarn!" He yelled into the hallway. His head house slave leaned slowly around the corner from the end of the hallway.

"Yes Lord Galreas." 

"Contact Karmin Gutslicer, tell her I will pay her two sacks of gold for the identity of the one who activated Albretion's power. I will give her her weight in gold if she can bring that person back to me. She has a week before I make the bounty publically known."

"Yes immediately Lord Galreas."

"And Dinkarn."

"Yes Lord Galreas."

"If I'm interrupted again before I'm done fucking this Worgen bitch, I will find you and burn the skin off your body personally."

***********

Rebecca woke up to her alarm groggily. She was going on a month dry spell. She hadn't found a guy worth the time or who could last long enough in bed for her to cum. Unfortunately because she had no problem speaking her mind, she was viewed as a bitch. She didn't see why, if a guy said he was good in the sack, she expected him to be good. So when he wasn't she had no problem telling him so. Now most guys gave her a wide berth. So she was starting to get sexually frustrated. She was going to masturbate but she had to go to class, so she threw on a thong, sweats and a shirt. She rarely wore bras because she had small nipples and she felt A cup bras were a waste of money. She already had to worry about all the school loans she was stacking up. Her computer was flashing that she had mail.

-Hey Jill, I went to that pet store on 95th street you told me about. I'm so glad I built up the nerve to try it out. I came so hard while giving blowjobs in the back. The gloryholes made it so kinky and mysterious. I probably won't do it a lot because I don't want anyone to notice me going there. I will definitely go there in between steady boyfriends. Thanks a bunch :) Candice.-

"Wow you definitely sent that to the wrong person." She muttered out loud to herself as she emailed the woman back.

-Hi Candice, sorry you sent this to the wrong person. Anonymous.-

"That's one way to start the day." She said as she left her apartment and headed to class.

****************

Ryan sat on the bed watching Mira gobble up half his cock greedily. With Mira's short cut, spiky hair with its purple highlights she reminded him of some of the K-pop bands he had seen on the internet. He enjoyed watching the spikes bounce as she gobbled up about half my cock. He reached out mentally to Mira.

{Can you hear me Mira?} He asked mentally. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and looked up at him.

"What did you say Ryan?" she asked. He smiled, she was enjoying his cock so much she didn't even know what he had said or how he said it. He grabbed her head and forcefully shoved her back on his cock. She looked up at him and moaned.

{I didn't tell you to stop slut!} He said mentally. Her eyes widened as she realized he said that telepathically. 

{Sorry.} She said back while licking my glans. She furiously stroked the bottom of his cock she couldn't get into her mouth. 

"You will address me as master in private. Hmmm I think I will call you Mistress instead of slut, since you are the first woman in my harem." He told her.

{Yes Master, your cock taste so much better than I remember. It taste like you but with a hint of chocolate.}

{Your welcome, I thought you would like the modifications I have made. I also made it a little bigger at 9 inches and if you like that you're really going to enjoy the taste of my cum. Al can you hear me?}

{Yes sir, what do you need?} Al responded immediately.

"Give my mom a nudge to come down here, I think watching me should help with her giving in to her lust." He said this out loud so Mira would know they were being watched.

{Yes sir.} There was a pause. {She's on her way sir.} Al said.

{Good} He used his telekinesis to throw Mira on the bed. He grabbed her thighs and spread her legs as he began hungrily eating her clean shaven pussy. He gave her labia a few slow licks before sucking on her clit causing her to squirm. He pulled away from her pussy and she moaned in disapproval.

"Sorry but we have company coming and I want to get to the main course." He said to her as he crawled up her body giving her pale skin little nips. He was going to spend some time on her cute, little, delectable nipples but he sensed his mom entering the hallway.

********

{Fuck!!} She screamed internally as she squirmed at her desk. Rebecca couldn't concentrate all day, she had to go to her dorm and change panties between her two classes of the day. The professor's monotone voice and the fact that she hated any type of math, was not helping her concentrate either. She was really considering going to that "Pet Store". 

********

Emily was descending down to the basement to ask Ryan what he wanted to eat for lunch when she started hearing moans. She couldn't resist looking, she was so horny she couldn't help herself. She cracked the door leading into his room and peeked in. She could see that Ryan was fucking Mira. She wasn't at all surprised that it was Mira, she had always suspected they fooled around when they were in high school. 

{He's bigger than his father} She watched as Ryan pounded into Mira, her legs were wrapped around his hips. She could see that Mira was doing her best to cover her mouth to muffle her moans. Her panties were getting wetter by the second. She couldn't help herself as she reached into her pants, shifted her panties to the side and began rubbing her sopping wet pussy. 

"Faster please master, faster, I'm so close" She heard Mira moan as she reached up and gripped Ryan's ass trying to get him to go faster. He kept his pace though, he seemed to be in complete control. She watched as Ryan pulled his cock out slowly and just when only the tip was in he would slam it in to the hilt. She could hear the wet slap each time, and she imitated his rhythm with her fingers. She slid her two middle fingers of her right hand into her pussy and reached up with her left hand to pinch her stiff nipple.

{Master?} Saying it made her even wetter. She hadn't been able to cum again after that initial orgasm that woke her up this morning, even with her vibrator. But now she was getting close to one. 

{Faster please master, faster, I'm so close} She repeated to herself as she fingered herself faster. 

"Master please please please let me cum, please please let me cum on your wonderful cock!" She heard Mira moan. She watched as Ryan pulled out of Mira and turned her over putting her ass in the air. She could she Ryan's cock dripping with the Mira's wetness. She watched as Ryan began pounding aggressively into Mira. She was really close herself. At the moment he looked up and made eye contact with her.

{Oh no!! He sees me!!} She started to close the door.

"CUM!" Ryan said aggressively. Everything went black as her eyes rolled up into the back of her head as she came. She could feel her pussy greedily sucking at her fingers. It took everything in her to not make any noise as she shuddered through her orgasm. Her pussy was throbbing around her fingers. 

{Oh shit, oh shit, that was sooooo good} She closed the door as quietly as she could, and walked away on wobbly legs.

{I hope he didn't actually see me, he could have just been looking in the direction of the door.} She tried to convince herself. Deep down though she wished he would take her so she could stop torturing herself with constantly fighting her feelings for him.

*********

"Master please...ugh...please I...can't take...unnh...anymore. Please...give me...unnh...your delicious cum." Mira moaned as he fucked her. He was pretty sure she had cum at least three times since his mother had left. Her last orgasm had left her limp underneath him, he was going to see how long he could go before the need to cum got really bad.

{Excuse me sir, but u may want to wrap this up. I believe the last female on your list will succumb soon.} Al told him. He was a little sad but he had already made Mira cum several times.

"Were do you want my cum Mistress?"

"Cum all over my ass Master! Paint my ass with your cum!" Mira begged. He had held his cum back for a while now so he didn't even need to stroke his cock when he pulled out of Mira's dripping cunt. His body went stiff as the cum rushed up his cock. He watched cock jump and then coat her ass cheeks. She reached back, scooped some cum off her ass and brought it to her mouth. 

"Mmmmm master that taste really good." She said. He got off the bed and began to put his clothes on. 

"Don't worry about cleaning up the..." He started to tell her but then he realized she was sleeping. He reached over and pulled some covers on her. He wasn't worried his cum would stain his sheets it would just be absorbed into her. He was kind of glad she fell asleep he didn't have time to cuddle this time. He needed to hurry and get to the pet store before the mystery girl sucked to many other guys. He was picking up his keys to leave when he heard his mother in the kitchen and idea popped in his head. 

"Oh hey mom, I'm so embarrassed I forgot you were home today." He said.

"Oh it's no problem. You pay rent and you're an adult. I just turned on some music. Would you like something to eat before you leave?" She said. He noticed that she didn't turn around while she talked to him and her legs were shaking a little. He reached to her mind to listen to what she was thinking.

{... soon. I want to jump him, I can't believe watching him fuck Mira has made me so horny.} He heard her thinking.

He walked up behind her and gave her a hug. 

"Thanks but I have to hurry, I have a prior arrangement to get to." He said while making his cock hard and pressing it into her. He loved how much control he had over his body.

{Oh shit, how is he still so hard? Oh god I'm so wet right now. I wish he would just bend me over the counter right now, I wouldn't even resist. At this moment I don't care if its wrong.} 

He could smell her arousal, he was tempted to take her then and there but he wanted her to submit to him first. Plus he had his mystery girl to get too and he was having so much fun teasing her. 

"Well I will see you later mom, don't wait up." He said while letting go of her and walking out of the kitchen.

*********

Rebecca was a little disappointed, her expectations hadn't been that high for the gloryhole but so far she was being left barely satisfied. She liked the two rules of the gloryhole though: no talking and knock when you're going to come. The first guys cock was average about 5in, and he had cum way to quick. She had barely started to reach into her pants to play with herself. She heard him knock on the wall and she took her mouth off him and let him cum on the rag she had. She took off her clothes before the next guy. The second guy was huge, too big, she barely got her mouth around the head. She let him cum in her mouth because she came a little before he came. She didn't swallow though she wasn't a big fan of swallowing. She was getting ready to leave but then a great looking cock slid through the hole and she changed her mind. She approached the wall and grasped the beautiful caramel cock. She loved how his veins were so pronounced, she could feel the blood pumping through them. She started kissing the tip, he had a manly musk coming from his cock. She started bobbing on him, spreading saliva on his cock as she began taking more and more of him in her mouth. She didn't stop until his cock tapped the back of her mouth making her gag a little as the tip nudged her throat. She gripped the bottom of the cock she couldn't get in her mouth and began sucking his cock fervently. 

"Urkk...urrkk...urrkk...urrkk..." The sound of her gagging echoed in the small room. She wished she could take more but it still felt great tapping her throat. She was enjoying the taste of his cock so much she almost forgot to even play with herself. She placed her palm on her clit and began fingering herself. His cock tasted so good, she slowed down to savor the flavor of precum dripping from his cock. She was so close to cumming, and she could tell it was going to be great. 

"uunhh..mmmm..urrkk...unhh" She began cumming and pulled his cock out till she was just sucking on the tip. She felt her pussy throbbing around her fingers. She was enjoying her orgasm so much, she didn't hear him knock or feel his cock swell in her mouth. He began cumming in her mouth, she opened her eyes and watched his cock swell with each spurt of cum

{Oh god, it's so thick and creamy} She was startled by the slight chocolate taste. She surprised herself a little and began swallowing his cum.

{How is he still cumming? I have already swallowed two mouthfuls of cum.} She finally had to pull off to avoid choking on cum. He shot three more spurts of cum on her. One hit her in the chin and the other two splattered her perky tits as his cock started to go limp. She kissed the tip before he pulled his cock out. She wanted to thank him but she remembered the rules. She was scooping the cum off her left tit into her mouth and rubbing it into her right, when a note slipped through the hole. 

-If you want the rest here is my number. 555-555-5555. -

{The rest? What did he mean by the rest?} She wasn't sure about contacting him, the whole point of this is the anonymity. She needed to hurry up and go home, she had to study. She pocketed the number before cleaning herself up and putting on her clothes.

**********

{Wooo that was awesome.} He had enjoyed using magic to make that ridiculous amount of cum. His orgasm even lasted the entire time he was cumming. He couldn't wait till he could watch her swallow and coat her face in cum. His phone vibrated.

-Hi Mr.R, I'm getting off of work early. I would love to see if you can put your money where you're your mouth is. You should come over and we can talk about the bondage stuff.

Terra.-

{Hehe hehe she is trying to bargain. Not cumming is starting to get to her. I'm going to have to punish her for not following my directions}

-Dear Terra, I'm angry that you think you can disobey the rules I have set forth. As punishment you will go and buy a new kinky outfit and send me a picture of it. Don't be cute and use an old outfit I will know, just like I know you can't scratch your itch lately and I'm the only thing you haven't tried. Also don't crop your face out, I want to be able to enjoy it later. 

Luv Mr. R-

{Hopefully she will give in and I will have a good excuse for not finishing that program on time tonight.} He thought to himself as he drove home.

*******

Karmin stepped through the portal into the Earth Realm, she was couple miles outside the city her target was in. After spending a couple hours and some coin to get a better location on the target, she arrived just before sunset. This was agreeable with her, as she preferred working at night in the Earth Realm. She hadn't worked here on many occasions, but gladly accepted them because they were usually simple and easy. She was circling the city, trying to get a feel for where the magic users were. She sensed six magic users in the city. She tracked the nearest magic user to what she assumed was a university. She peered through a window from a tree to a girl fingering herself furiously on her bed, she could never guess the age of humans in either realm. Now that she was closer, she could sense that she had magic but couldn't use it.

{Probably an amulet} She thought to herself. She moved on to the next one, entering into a richer area. Another girl was entering a small mansion with a couple bags in tow. She took her time with getting closer to this house. After ten minutes of circling and probing she entered the house through a second story window. She slipped from shadow to shadow, stealthily making her way toward the girl. She peered through the doorway into the master bedroom. The girl was trying on different outfits. Karmin was thoroughly confused about the outfits.

{What is the point of these clothes? I can clearly tell from here that those are two small and that skirt is not even covering her ass. Stupid Earth Realm humans, ugh, and another amulet user.} She left the house, still perplexed about the utterly un-strategic clothing and veered toward the next target.

"He's going to love this!!" Terra said as she stood in front of the mirror. She had a barely fitting naughty nurse outfit on. A little white skirt that tried but failed to cover her best ass-et. A tight shirt with a huge hole in it and two red crosses covering her nipples. The old school nurse hat and stethoscope are the only thing that really made it a nurse outfit but she knew he wouldn't mind. She struck a pose and snapped a couple of pictures.

{If he doesn't come over and make me cum tonight, I'm going to have to see a doctor because this is crazy.} She hit send and laid on the bed waiting for a response. She couldn't believe she was actually doing this. She never had random sex and always knew anyone she had sex with for a month and had a full background check done on them. Her late husband had left her a big share of a major law firm and though she was a silent partner she could still lose that if she made the company look bad. Nude pictures of her surfacing on the internet would ruin her. It was too late now she had already sent it, all she could do now was wait.

********

Ryan's phone pinged that he had a message. It was exactly eight o'clock.

-Mr.R, I really hope this will make up for what I did early. I would love if you came over tonight. If you tell me what time I will be tied up and ready for your pleasure. The pictures are attached.

Terra-

He smirked {Man this is going better than I expected. I'll have all of them within a week. Damn that ass, can't wait to get inside it.} He was thoroughly enjoying the pictures she sent of her back to the mirror. She was showing her juicy ass peeking out from under that tiny skirt.

"Sir it's time you fully came to understand that magic that you use" Al said to him.

"What are you talking about Al?" He felt a little scared when he realized he couldn't move.
