 Thank you for all the helpful comments. Please if you read this, rate it and leave me your comments, let me know what your take on it is. I am a firm believer in the notion "there is always room for improvement" so all constructive criticism is highly welcome and appreciated, let me know what I am doing wrong so I can get better at this. I don't have an editor this is for fun, so if you say anything about grammar I won't read the rest of your comment. If there are any characters, places, situations etc that you think might be good in the story, let me know. I am pretty much making this up as I go. 

 Disclaimer

 All characters depicted in sexual scenes within the story are eighteen years of age or above.

 ******

Ryan walked quietly up the stairs to Terra's bedroom, where the door was wide open. He was about five minutes late but he wanted her to sweat a little. Terra was spread wide across the bed, ass in the air, ankles tied with rope to either side of the bed and wrist bound behind her back. Quietly as he could he undressed in the doorway. He was thoroughly enjoying this view. She picked the perfect position to put herself in with her face down and ass up facing the door. He could see the small thong being gobbled up by the gloriously round globes of ass meat. He was achingly hard and had to restrain himself from just mounting her and ripping into her asshole. He reached to his magic and used his nanites to mask his voice so she wouldn't be able to guess who he was. 

{If this guy is more than 15 minutes late I'm going to get up. I'm not laying here all night looking stupid. I'm glad I bought these cuffs, the little key hide might come in handy in case he tries something to freaky} Ryan heard her thinking to herself as he stood in the doorway. 

{Tsk tsk, she is still trying to keep control of the situation. I was going to go for subtle manipulation but I think straightforward might work better for her.} He thought to himself as he stepped closer. He smirked as an idea came to him. He raised his hand and brought it down hard across her ass. 

"Awwwwwwww What the fuck?!!?" She screamed at him. She hadn't even heard him enter the room. He watched her ass shake and his hand print appear on her tanned cheeks. 

"Ha Ha, I'm sorry I couldn't resist. You have such a juicy ass, I couldn't help myself." He told her sarcastically. She noticed that his voice had a robotic sound to it.

{He's using something to mask his voice.} A little bit of dread filled her, the only reason he would do that is if she could easily recognize him by his voice. He climbed onto the bed behind her and gave each cheek a kiss and watched a shiver run up her body. 

"I know you, don't I?" She boldly asked. He crawled up her, keeping his body in contact with her so she could feel his hard body. He didn't stop until his hard cock was resting between her cheeks. 

"Of course you do." He said into her ear. He felt her tense under him. "Calm down, I know your worried but I gain nothing from letting anyone know about us. You do not need to fear me I would never lie to you."

"Why should I believe you, when you hide your identity? If you will not lie to me tell me who you are right now or were done." She asked. 

"Hmm... I cannot tell you who I am, you're not ready yet. But I will level with you. I assume you are wondering why you can't cum but you keep getting hornier." She could feel the smile on his face as he said this.

"What did...unnh...you do to me?" She couldn't help but moan a little as he began rubbing his cock between her ass cheeks. 

"Magic. Which is also why your ass is so much more sensitive than it's ever been. Moaning from me just rubbing in-between your checks." He chided her.

"Magic's not real." She told him as she resisted the urge to push back against his cock when he stopped dry humping her.

"Oh it's not?" He asked sarcastically as he grabbed her arm restraints and pulled out the concealed key. "Then how did I know this was here?"

"NO!!!" She yelled as she awkwardly reached out for the key. She stopped when she heard it hit the floor. 

"Like I said Magic. I can read your mind if I want and see you anywhere you go." 

"Stop this right now and let me go. If you keep this up I will call the cops! I'm a major shareholder of a Law Firm, if you continue I will ruin you." She began threatening Ryan. He waited patiently for her to finish.

"Are you done?" he asked. She didn't reply. "Good. You are mine, once you come to accept this you will enjoy it so much more."

"You won't get away with this!" She spit at him.

"Oh but I will, even if you have someone scrap you or this room with a microscope they won't find anything. I'm going to fill your ass to the brim with cum." 

Terra filled with fear. {He didn't say my ass, did he?}

"Oops I ruined the surprise. Yes I'm going to be fucking your ass tonight."

"Wait no, that's disgusting. You're not supposed to put your penis in there!!" She said. He didn't respond verbally but ripped her thong off, finally exposing her asshole and pussy. "Please I will let you put it in my pussy, I promise I won't resist. Just don't put it in my butthole, it's disgusting and it will hurt. Please please please don't." She began begging him. He completely ignored her comment.

"I have modified your body. Your ass and asshole are more sensitive now. Also you can no longer cum from your pussy unless there is something in your ass. Here I'll show." Ryan leaned forward, spread her cheeks and gave her crinkled star a lick. He heard a strangled moan as she tried to hold the sound in.

{Oh god why did that feel so good. No! No! I can't let him know I liked that even a little. That's a disgusting hole to fuck!} "Stop it that feels disgusting!" She yelled at him. He gave her crinkled star one more lick and crawled up her body again.

"Did you forget I can read your mind? I know that felt good. I will not lie this is going to hurt a little at first but it will get a lot better. Are you ready?" He said as he lined up his hard cock and lightly pushed against her rectum. 

"NO! NO! NO! Stop don't you dare put it in there!!!!" She screamed and thrashed on the bed. Ryan had a good hold of her checks and he was much stronger than her. He began pushing, he could tell she was clinching to keep him out. He just kept pushing and with a grunt from him and a squeal from Terra the head was in her ass.

"TAKE IT OUT! TAKE IT OUT! IT HURTS! PLEASE MY ASS IS ON FIRE!' She yelled at him but he didn't let up and slowing kept pushing into her asshole. She kept yelling at him, as the feeling of burning pain delved deeper and deeper into her butthole. He let a moan of ecstasy as his hips connected with her ass, his cock fully buried in her. She let out a sigh as he finally stopped and the pain started to ebb away. 

"No more pain my analslut, now for the pleasure." With that proclamation he began slowly fucking her ass. She tried so hard to resist but no more than a minute after she began moaning.

{NO! Why does this feel so good? This shouldn't be possible, I've never liked anal!} She thought as she moaned in pleasure. 

"I told you I wouldn't lie to you. You are mine. Now stop trying to resist the pleasure I'm giving you. Cum for me my little analslut." He said commandingly. His pace never changed but Terra felt herself being fucked toward a great orgasm. As far as she could tell, five minutes later she began cumming. It was the one of the best orgasms of her life. Her eyes rolled up, she saw stars and the only thing she could feel was the fullness of her butthole. Waves of pleasure rolled up from her stretched butthole and her sphincter quivered and throbbed. She barely registered the deep grunts she let out while she came. Ryan held still as she came, he reached with his magic and pulled the key into his hand. He was getting better at this. He unlocked her wrist shackles and redid them under her hips. Terra's orgasm finally dissipated and she lay there finally content and lightly panting.

"I have moved your hands under you, it's my turn to cum now but if you play with yourself you'll get to cum again with me." He told her as he repositioned himself for better leverage. 

"No more please, I..." She began, but was cut off as Ryan began viciously pounding down into her asshole. He had held back for so long he couldn't control himself anymore. He could feel his balls slapping into her pussy. He was watching waves of ass meat ripple as he pounded her with abandon. He smiled to himself as, through his nanites, he watched her give in and begin rubbing her clit.

"That's a good girl cum with daddy." He said out loud as he sped up a little in anticipation of his cumming orgasm. She hesitated a second when she realized he had noticed but the pleasure was too great for her to stop. He felt his balls furiously tingle as he began cumming in her ass. He slammed his cock in one final time as he filled her. Terra came as she felt his hot cum splatter her insides and fill her butthole. Her eyes rolled into the back in her head again and she heard herself grunt. Ryan felt her sphincter clench with her grunts, he let out a long moan as he came. {Soon. Soon. I will fuck this sweet asshole whenever I want.} He began pulling out as he came down from his orgasm, and spread the cum leaking from his dick onto her checks. 

"Please no more, I can't take anymore." She whined weakly while panting.

"Shh, shh, shh. Its ok were done for tonight." He leaned over and whispered into her ear. "You will be a little sore tomorrow, but my cum leaves no evidence. So don't try anything cute like calling the police. I won't message you anymore. But when you can't take it anymore and you soak your panties at the thought of me balls deep in your asshole, you know how to contact me. Sleep my little analslut, when you wake up I will be gone." As he spoke these words she slowly fell asleep. He gave her ass a light slap, enjoying the delicious jiggle, as he walked out of her room.

******

It was around 10:30 when he walked into the house. Unbeknownst to him, Karmin arrived at the same time as him. She hesitated there were two magic users in that house and one less than a mile away. She was crotched on a tall building overlooking the suburban neighborhood. 

{Possible a coven, I'll have to watch them for a while don't want to walk into a powerful magic group unprepared} She opened her pack and pulled out strips of jerky and bread. She was in no hurry, she still had six days before she would have any competition.

The TV was on in the house and his mother was sleeping in front of it. 

{Al make sure my mother has the sex dream of me messaging her every night until she becomes mine. Actually scratch that make it twice in a night. Also any physical touch between us immediately turns her on and gets her wet.} Ryan said while leaning over the couch, looking down into his mother's robe that fell open slightly to reveal her fantastic cleavage.

{Sir, I'm sorry but did you forget I can no longer access your magic besides seeing things through nanites and around you. I am only your guide now.} Al responded. 

{Oh yeah you're right. Hmm let's give this a try.} He reached for his magic and molded it into rules that he pushed it into her subconscious. It was a lot easier to get his magic to do what he wanted than he expected. While he was in her head, he inadvertently looked at one of her memories. It was an erotic memory of her in a school girl outfit being treated like a little girl by his father. He immediately pulled out of her thoughts confused by what he had just seen.

{Al what was that?} He asked.

{That was one of Emily's memory sir. Albretion chose wisely when picking this power for you. You have taken to it like a fish to water and done things I never expected.} Al said reverentially. 

{Yeah too well, like he looked into the future and guided me to this.} He thought about what he said and a dark look crossed his face. {Al did Albretion put all this in motion?} He asked.

{I don't know sir, if he did he didn't think it pertinent for me to know.} Al answered immediately.

{I'll take that answer, I would rather not now anyway.}

{Wise choice sir, it did not serve Albretion well.}

{Ok so I can pretty much control anyone as long as I'm close enough for my nanites to get to them?} He asked as he walked down to his room.

{No sir this won't work on anyone with magical abilities without their consent. The most you could do is skim their brain and know their emotions and once you were stronger know if they were lying. Latent magic in anyone would keep you from controlling or affecting them with your nanites. Unless you want to create a Thrall but then you run the risk of dying while subjugating or ripping that beings soul out. And if you ripped there soul out then you would have to bind a dead soul into said body, which is some top tier dark magic.} Al explained

{Don't worry that doesn't sound like something I want. I'm perverted not sadistic.} He took off his clothes and was turning the shower on, when he heard a knock. A quick check through his nanites and he unlocked the door from the bathroom. 

{It's open.} He sent to Mira. He was just lathering himself when the door opened and she hopped in the shower with him.

"I thought you might like a back rub Master." She told him with a mischievous look on her face. He turned around to allow her access to his back. 

"So what do you want Mira?" He feigned ignorance. 

"Master stop messing with me you know exactly what. I wanna know when there are going to be more girls in this "Harem". I still haven't gotten to use this cock you gave me." She stated frustratingly.

"I think your soaked sheets would disagree." He said while looking over his shoulder with a huge grin on his face. She blushed a little at the realization that he must of seen her masturbating earlier. 

"You perv! Why would you watch me do that?" She asked.

"I keep an eye on all my women. It is so I can make sure everything is going as planned. Plus things like this motivate me." He said and then sent the image of his mother taking a bath with her tits thinly covered with suds. He heard a slight moan of approval from Mira as he exited the shower and dried himself off.

"How much longer Master, I can't wait any longer!?" She said while drying.

"You can and you will wait until I give you permission." He said commandingly, as he got under the covers.

"Ok ok calm down I'm anxious, not stupid. My cock would scare any woman who wasn't in the harem and didn't know anything about magic." She relented. He motioned for her to join him under the covers. 

"Good" He said as she joined him and they snuggled. They fell asleep like this.

Ryan woke up at 4am wide awake. It seems the increased stamina and energy meant he no longer needed a full night of sleep. He began working on the program he didn't finish last night. As he was finishing the program his phone vibrated. He sent the program and glanced around to the empty bed. He realized he must have been really focused to not have heard Mira leave. Then he glanced at his watch. 

"Jesus its 9 o'clock." He was really in the zone this morning. He checked his phone and smiled.

-Hey we met at the pet store yesterday, I admit I enjoyed sucking your dick. The only reason I messaged you is because I still can't figure out how you came that much and I have never came that hard with any guy. I know this is unorthodox but can we meet I'm interested in how you did that and I'm open to a possible relationship of sorts.

Rebecca-

{That was a pretty weird way to message someone.} He waited to reply, He might be going about getting these woman the wrong way. He hadn't expected the mystery woman, now Rebecca, to be so forward. Maybe just making them horny won't work the way he hoped. He decided to use the new trick of looking at their minds to help him further his plans. He leaned back and began concentrating on Rebecca. Random images berated his mind sporadically, he pulled back a little. He hadn't meant to delve so deep, he didn't want specific memories just a feel of who she was as a person. This time he thought of her mind as an aquarium tank, so he could see everything without being overwhelmed. This time when he entered her mind he was standing before a vast tank of memories. She was smart, and very curious, always wanting to know how things worked. Outspoken and sometimes a little too blunt. He pulled out of her mind. An idea came to him.

{Al how much information do you have on alchemy?} He asked

{I have a vast knowledge on that topic sir.} Al replied.

{Great, I think that would really interest Rebecca, and help me get her to agree to be mine.} He smiled, Mira might actually get to have some fun sooner than later. He closed his eyes again and concentrated on his Aunt Terra. She was uptight, and very plain. Leading a privileged but very disciplined life. It was going to take a while to attain her. That was going to be frustrating. He began to exit her mind but stopped when he noticed something hidden in a dark corner of her mind. A locked box, he opened it, and got a huge surprise in it. Inside were images of her, her late husband and his parents being very very friendly. There were images of them swapping husbands and even aunty and mom 69'ing while the husbands watched and masturbated. In the back of the lock box was another smaller lock box. He opened it slowly, inside it showed that Terra loved her sister way more than she ever let show. She had given into the freaky sexual exploits the others had wanted only for the chance to be with her sister. Ryan was completely floored by this revelation. It seemed the only reason she didn't continue pursuing his mother Emily was because unfortunately the husbands had passed on. She didn't have an excuse anymore to continue their escapades. He exited her mind. That's how he was going to get her. He would get his mother and use her to get his aunt. He just needed to keep flirting with his mother till she gave herself to him. He messaged Rebecca back.

-Hi Rebecca

I find how direct you are to a little weird, but I like it. I would tell you how I did that but I think the only way you would believe is if I showed you. Just let me know when you wanna come over. My address is attached.

Ryan-

Ryan got up and headed toward the kitchen. As soon as he entered the kitchen he saw his mother in a thin yellow dress. She was doing a dance to some pop music. He watched her tight butt sway in time to the music. Her back was to the door, and she was presenting another opportunity to tease her. He quietly snuck up behind her.

"Hey" He yelled as he wrapped his arms around her. She squealed as she jumped in fright. She looked over her shoulder at her son. {God he looks as sexy as his father. His cock is so hard and pressing into my back. I wonder if I'm doing this to him or did Mira leave him this way} She was now even hornier than when she woke from that dream because of his close proximity.

"That's not funny mister. You scared the crap out of me." She said. She then realized that in her fright her legs went partially limp and his arms were the only thing stopping her from falling. She was confused because she thought that she felt his arm and possible his hand cupping the bottom of her breast. She stood up and stepped away. 

"So what are you doing today?" She asked trying to change the subject. He walked over and pulled two slices of pizza out of the fridge.

"I will probably get a head start on some work. Oh and I might have a female come over later." Then his phone chirped and she glanced his way as he read it and replied. 

"Well she's definitely coming over now." He told her.

"Ok I will do my best not to disturb you."

"And mom, this time if you wanna watch just come in and sit down." He said as he walked out of the kitchen, leaving his mom standing there mouth open in shock.
