 Oh come on no one has anything to say. I'm submitting this early because I'm going on vacation and I don't know when I will be able to submit another chapter. I will be back as soon as I can though. Let me know what I am doing wrong so I can get better at this. I don't have an editor this is for fun, so if you say anything about grammar I won't read the rest of your comment. If there are any characters, places, situations etc that you think might be good in the story, let me know. I am pretty much making this up as I go. There will also be less sex after this submission. I'm going to start adding more plot.

Disclaimer

All characters depicted in sexual scenes within the story are eighteen years of age or above.

******

"Ms. Scott can you come in here please?" Terra heard someone ask as she passed a conference room. She turned and walked it not fully paying attention because she was still going over the report she received from the Private Investigator. He hadn't found any foreign materials. She was confused, because she was sure she had felt his cum ooze out her butthole. {His thick cum oozing from her...} She shook her head trying to dispel the thought. If she let that thought process continue she would have to go wipe her wetness to keep from soaking her panties again. He should have found something in her sheets though, since the mystery man had left without cleaning anything up.

"Did you find what you were looking for?" Asked a metallic voice. She stiffened and tried to turn toward the voice but found she couldn't move. She heard the conference room door close, and dread filled her. These conference rooms were soundproofed for a client's privacy and now she was stuck inside one with him. 

******

//A COUPLE MINUTES EARLIER\\

Ryan was standing outside Terra's office wondering how he was going to get to her. He couldn't go through the front because of security and the cameras. He couldn't leave anything that would let her figure out who he was. He even contemplated getting her when she got home, but the thought of punishing her in a public place was too intriguing. Plus she needed to know he could get to her anywhere. He sent his nanites around the building looking for other entrances and found an open window three stories up. He used his nanites to insure it was empty and even saw a wonderful sign posted on the door. It read "This conference room is soundproofed for your privacy". He walked around to the back under the conference room. There were no stairs but he didn't need any. He had his nanites form into handholds that resembled the ones you see on a rock climbing walls. It only took him two minutes to climb the wall and he had plenty of time to set up some chairs and position himself behind the door. Terra was returning to her office with a package from a courier. She was reading the report from the P.I. intensely. 

{Perfect timing here she comes.} "Ms. Scott can you come in here please?" He said just loud enough for her to hear.

//Present\\

"Wh...what are you doing here? You said you would leave me alone unless I contacted you." She said her voice shaking in fear as she was still unable to move.

"No what I said was I won't message you anymore and to not contact the police because I don't leave evidence. But you didn't listen." He said.

"I never contacted the police, I promise!" She whined.

"True but you and I both know a P.I. is pretty much the same thing. And once you had enough evidence you would have went to the police. So now I have to punish you." He stated menacingly. 

"What are you going to do to me?" Fear clearly evident in her voice.

"I'm going to give you two options. Option one: You spend the rest of the day in Daisy Dukes and a Tube Top. I will magically make you wear this and you will not be able to tell anyone why. Nor will you be able to leave work early. Option two: I blindfold you, you will take off your skirt and give me your panties. Then you will lay across my knee and will count while I spank you." He explained. 

"What?! I am not doing either of those things!!" She yelled at him. He laughed.

"Actually you will, because walking out of here completely nude would definitely be more than enough of a reason for the other partners to take you off the board and remove you as a partner."

"How do you know that? Who are you?" She asked.

"How many times must I tell you, I can read your mind. You're still not ready to find out who I am. Another day of having to wipe your wet pussy in the bathroom every time you think of how good it was to have my cock in your ass should help though. I'm growing impatient, hurry up and choose." He was really hoping she would pick spanking, he loved spanking. 

"So I have to choose between embarrassing clothing or a spanking." She was going to choose the clothing and just go home sick but she knew he was telling the truth that he would make her. She had been standing here, staring at a wall unable to move for the entire conversation. Even though she really didn't want him anywhere near her butt after last night. She could at least leave the room afterwards with a semblance dignity. "Ok... I will take the sp..spanking but only if you agree not to try to have sex with me."

{Still trying to keep control. Whatever I can't wait to spank her!} He thought to himself. 

"I am not going to have sex with you until you beg me. So you have nothing to worry about until then." He explained.

{Yeah that will never happen.} She thought to herself.

"Haha eventually you will." Clearly reading her mind. "Now I'm going to blindfold you. Trying to see who am during this will end in you leaving this room in your birthday suit." 

{Crap keep forgetting he can read my mind. He's probably listening right now.} 

"I am." He whispered in her ear as he tied the blindfold over her eyes. "I'll take these." He said, taking the file and her purse. He noticed a hairbrush handle sticking out of her purse and pulled it out. I was a wooden brush with a flat back. {Oh this is perfect!!} She slowly began taking off her skirt, obviously not wanting to do this. 

"You might want to hurry, I didn't lock the door." She hurried up after that statement. She stood there covering her pussy with one hand and holding her panties out in front of her. He walked over, grabbed her hand and led her to the chairs. He sat and pulled her into his lap. She propped herself on her elbows but Ryan pushed her down. "Down." He commanded. "Granny panties, come on your ass is too nice for something so plain." He said as he pocketed them. "Now remember to count, if you forget we will have to start over." He grasped her brush flat side down and admired her juicy globes of ass meat.

"Wait how many are you going to do?" She asked, he didn't answer but just brought the brush down onto her left cheek. 

SMACK

"Ow!" She yelled, it actually didn't hurt that much. 

"Nope that was actually one. I guess we will have to start over." He said. She could tell he was enjoying this. He raised the brush and brought it down on her right cheek this time.

SMACK "One!" SMACK "Two!" SMACK "Three!" She said through gritted teeth. He alternated back in forth between each cheek. He was so hard watching her ass jiggle with each strike as her tanned cheeks slowly redden. She could feel his throbbing penis poking her in the stomach.

SMACK "Eleven!" SMACK "Twelve!" SMACK "Thirteen!" Her ass was starting to feel sore. A single tear slide down her out of fear and embarrassment. She couldn't believe she was actually getting wet from the spanking and his hard penis poking her. Her breathing was becoming very heavy because he made her ass so sensitive to his touch that his spanking was pain and pleasure. 

SMACK "Nineteen!" He stopped and dropped the brush back into her purse. 

"Just one more left, make sure you count it." He said as he rubbed his hand across her beautiful ass meat. He could feel the wet spot she was leaving on his pants and hear her heavy breathing. He raised his hand and brought it down on her right cheek.

SMACK "TWENTY!" She yelled. He moved his hand and admired his handiwork. Her ass had a nice red hand print on the right cheek. 

"You did good Terra, I didn't even need to restrain your arms. My offer still stands, stop resisting and be mine." He stood her up and walked to the window he came in.

"I will never willingly give myself to someone who forces themselves on woman." He began to climb out and then remembered Terra was still standing there blindfolded.

"Terra count to 25 and then you can take off the blindfold, put your skirt on and go back to work. I look forward to you calling me." He began climbing down the side of the building. He wondered if he would make it back in time to watch Mira and Rebecca.

******

//THAT SAME MOMENT AT RYAN'S HOUSE\\

Mira was giddy in anticipation as she walked into Ryan's house. She was finally going to get a piece of Ms. Jackson. She walked into the living room where Emily was watching TV.

"Hi Ms. Jackson." 

"Oh hi Mira, Ryan isn't here right now." Emily told her. Mira sighed, she could clearly tell Ms. Jackson was not her surprise, by that normal response to her presence. But she had to be sure just in case she was playing hard to get.

"Did Ryan tell you anything about my surprise?" She asked. 

"What surprise?" Emily asked clearly not knowing anything. 

{Yep she clearly doesn't know anything. Such a shame those tits look delectable in that dress} Mira thought. "He told me he had a surprise for me when I got here." 

"Well if he did have a surprise it would probably be downstairs in his room." Emily told her.

"Yeah I hope, well I'm going to go take a shower and wait for him to get back" 

"Ok sweetie, talk to you later." Emily said to her as she continued watching her show.

{It's probably something lame like jewelry.} She thought as she walked down the stairs. {He needs to get his ass in gear and...} Her thoughts were interrupted as she walked into the room. There was a naked petite little Latina laying on her stomach on Ryan's bed.

"Hello Mistress Mira, my name is Rebecca and I'm your surprise. I hope I'm to your liking." She smiled at Mira. Mira was frozen in surprise and arousal. 

{So this is what it's like for guys when they see a sexy naked woman.} She thought as she shook herself into action. She crossed the room throwing clothes and almost tripped trying to get her panties off. "You look good enough to eat." Rebecca let out the cutest giggle at Mira's compliment. Rebecca got up so that they were both on their knees on the bed. Mira admired her tits, which were smaller than hers but her darker nipples and areola looked tasty. Rebecca interrupted her staring by pulling her into a hug. She warily began kissing her. Mira pulled back eyeing her.

"Is this your first time with a girl?" She asked. Rebecca Shyly lowered her eyes.

"Yes." She responded. Mira smiled at her naiveté.

"Just relax, I think you're really cute and I want you." Rebecca lifted her head and kissed Mira more aggressively this time. Mira's hands were roaming up and down Rebecca exploring her backside, as she sucked on her tongue. Rebecca pulled back this time breathing heavily.

"Oh crap I almost forgot. Lay down." Rebecca said. Mira laid down eyeing her curiously. Rebecca handed her a note and began moving down her body. 

-Instructions-

Rebecca you are to wait naked on my bed for Mistress Mira to come home. Once she is there you are to pleasure her until you both are satisfied. 

Mira once you read this and reveal her "surprise" you will be unable to move until you have cum twice. I did this so you won't scare the girl with your overzealousness. Enjoy!

Master-

Mira was a little mad at Ryan until she felt Rebecca kissing the inside of her thighs. She moaned her approval as Rebecca's tongue gave her pussy a light lick from bottom to top.

"So Mistress what is this surprise you're supposed to give me?" She asked confidently. Some of her trepidation about being with a girl oozing away as she made Mira moan. Mira smirked as she propped a pillow under her head so she could watch, then let her cock extend from her body. As always she moaned in arousal as it elongated but this time it was accompanied by a sound of shock. Rebecca was completely fascinated with Mira's futa cock, it looked exactly like Ryan's. Although it was only about six to seven inches, a different color and not as thick. It looked to be just a smaller copy of his. She looked up and saw Mira watching her intensely. She saw the look of lust and leaned forward never breaking eye contact as she licked from the bottom to the slit at the head. 

Mira moaned loudly, she couldn't believe how great that felt. No wonder guys came so quick, she wasn't going to last at all. 

Rebecca spit into her hand and began jerking Mira's dick as she began sucking on the tip. Her tongue swirling all the way around the head before licking the slit again. She repeated this over and over again. She firmly grasped the shaft and spread the spit onto the rest of the girl cock and began stroking it. She really hoped Mira's cum was just like Ryan's thick tasty cum, but she was skeptical anything would come out since she had no balls. 

"Please... oh shit... please slow down... I don't wanna cum yet!" Mira pleaded between heavy breaths.

"Are you ready Mistress? You're going to love this!!" She ignored her, then deep throated Mira completely in one go. Mira's brain shut down for an unknown time at the influx of sensations. She could feel Rebecca swallowing and sucking her entire cock at the same time. The intense pleasure wormed its way up from her cock.

{Cum for me Mistress. We have the rest of the day to enjoy this. Now cum in my mouth!} She said as she started bobbing on Mira. That pushed Mira over the edge and she came hard. 

"OH FUCK! OH SHIT! SUCK THAT COCK YOU LITTLE SLUT! FUCK I'M CUMMING! SWALLOW MY CUM YOU LITTLE SLUT!" Mira yelled. Rebecca slowed and enjoyed the feeling of her mouth filling with cum. Mira didn't cum as much as Ryan so she got to savor the mouth full. It was just as thick as Ryan's and she waited till Mira made eye contact before making a show of slowly swallowing it. 

"Holy crap that's sexy. Umm... I hope I didn't hurt your feelings. I can be a little vulgar when I cum." She said bashfully. Rebecca smiled.

"I don't mind" She responded.

"Are you sure?" Mira asked again.

"Yes. Look I see it like this. I'm not a slut because I don't have sex with everybody. But I am Ryan's slut, and by proxy yours and anyone else he adds to the harem. So I don't mind if you called me that because I know what you mean by it." She explained. 

"Ok good cause as soon as you make me cum again. I'm going to fuck you till I'm satisfied you little slut." Rebecca smirked as she mounted Mira. It didn't take much to get Mira inside her because she was so wet. They both let out a long drawn out moan as she slide all the way down Mira's cock. 

"Oh shit you're so tight." It was nothing like anything Mira had felt before. Her fingers had never reached this far inside any girl she had been with before. She could feel the folds of muscle writhing around her cock. She was amazed guys lasted as long as they did, because the pleasure coming from her dick was intoxicating. This was greater than what she had imagined it would feel like, while she fucked other girls in the past with strap-ons. Rebecca sat on Mira letting herself adjust to the nice feeling of fullness. The faces Mira was making were cute. She began grinding on Mira causing her to moan. She could feel her orgasm coming.

Unbeknownst to either of them Ryan had returned home from spanking Terra. He was standing in the hallway with the door cracked in the same spot his mother had watched him fuck Mira. 

"Oh shit you feel nice and hard. Are you going to cum inside me?" She asked.

"Oh fuck yes unnh... ride that dick...unnh slut so I can... cum in that tight pussssssy" Mira told her between moans. Rebecca complied placing her hands under Mira's tits and lifting herself slowly up and down on her cock. She watched Mira shiver and moan under her unable to move.

"Faster. Fuck ride it faster slut!" She told Rebecca while breathing heavily.

"Mmmmm are you sure Mistress it feels so good to ride you slowly." She said her breathing just as heavy.

"Fuck I said faster dammit!" She said her hips shivering as she tried unsuccessfully to thrust up into Rebecca. Rebecca thought of keeping her same pace and teasing Mira more but the look that she was giving her promised payback.

"Yes Mistress" She said as lifted herself till just the tip was in and slammed all the way down. The room filled with the sound of grunts and moans as they both focused on their fast approaching orgasms. Rebecca leaned forward and latched onto Mira's swaying left nipple and nibbled lightly. That's all Mira needed and she began to cum. 

"TAKE THAT CUM YOU COCK TEASING SLUT!!" Mira yelled while she came. Rebecca squealed a little as she felt cum paint her insides and she came on Mira's cock. She slumped forward onto Mira as their orgasms slowly subsided. Mira recovered first and threw Rebecca off her.

"Hey what are you doing?" Rebecca asked still a little dazed, unable to give any resistance. Mira put her on her stomach and lifted her ass up.

"You didn't think I was done with did you?" She asked. She lined her cock up to Rebecca's wet pussy and shoved her cock in. 

"Oh fuck your still so tight!" She said before she started pounded into Rebecca. "My cock is magic and even though I cum quick I don't go down after two orgasms!" Rebecca could do nothing but endure the onslaught. Mira"s hands were strongly gripping her hips as she fucked in abandon.

{Good job Little one} Ryan said finally making himself noticed but only to Rebecca. 

Rebecca was overjoyed by Ryan's praise. She was a little worried at how easily she feel into the submissive aspect. But so far Ryan had been nice and caring. She dismissed those thoughts as she let herself enjoy Mira's overzealous fucking. 

Ryan left Mira to her fun to go tease his mother. 

******

Outside the house Karmin could feel the four magic/talisman users in the house. So far they had shown no use of their magic and she was pretty sure it was going to be easy snatching the male she was sent to get. For someone who had activated such a powerful magic he was not using it to his full extent. He probably didn't even know he had, probably walking around thinking he's just having a string of good luck, as he used it subconsciously. She was going to take him tonight and collect some easy money. With as much money as she was going to get she could finally pay off Sydzi's debt and buy them a nice place to live along the coast. The little Undine was the only good thing to ever enter her life. Only thing she was worried about now was bounty sharks and not being paid.

******

Emily was seated in on the couch watching a reality show. She immediately lost all concentration on what she was watching when Ryan walked in to the living room. She could feel herself getting wet.

{Please don't sit by me} She thought to herself. Ryan heard this and immediately sat as close to her as he could. He had to suppress his smile as he felt her shiver at his proximity.

{I wonder how much more it's going to take} He thought to himself. Emily was about to bolt to her room to masturbate even though it only gave her a slight reprieve from her lust. But then she noticed the bulge in the front of his pants. Ryan saw her eyeing his hard-on and purposefully adjusted himself. She couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't believe what she was about to do, but she hoped him rejecting her would let her move on. 

"Ryan I need to talk to you about something." She started.
