 This story contains futanari on male and themes of non-consent and mind control.

Chapter 1

I stared at the recruitment center. I couldn't seem to make up my mind. I thought about what it would mean to walk in that door, and what would happen to me. But I also knew it would be temporary, and eventually I'd get my life back. Staying on public assistance would likely be forever - I didn't have what the corporations wanted for the remaining jobs. I took a deep breath and walked in, and there was my first in-person Helical.

They're a tall race. This one was eight and a half feet, and while she didn't appear overly muscled, just toned, I knew she could take a tank apart with her bare hands. I'd seen the YouTube videos, and I imagine you have too. I learned later that they picked her for this job because she's relatively short, and they felt she would be less intimidating for people seeing them for the first time in person. Maybe they're right - I might have turned around and walked right out if I'd seen Serial or Cranberry first. Like all Helicals, she was a strange combination of feline and humanoid features. I'm told that just after Contact humans found them disquieting - they move almost like a human, but not quite, and that sets people off - but I'd been exposed to their their low-level integration nanites all my life, and she didn't bother me at all.

She stood up, smiled, and said hi while shaking my hand. I tried not to stare as she carefully engulfed it - I could tell that she was being careful not to hurt me. It was an unusual sensation, usually as a guy it's the other way around. Her English and mannerisms were perfect. I knew that she was likely running a program to get everything right, Helical culture is actually pretty extremely alien, but they like to blend in. She introduced herself as Kali, and her voice was incongruous. I expected it to be deep, but if I hadn't seen her I would have assumed I was talking to random American girl. She asked me why I was there and I found myself hesitating. But I plunged ahead and met her eyes.

"I'm Sam. I'd like to become a Helical Companion." And swear to god, she squealed and clapped her hands like a school girl. I stared at her, nonplussed, and she giggled at me. I could feel my caution fading away - it's hard to be scared of someone who just giggled at you.

With an effort, she controlled herself, but I could see the excitement lurking. She turned briskly professional. "I'm sorry about that - it's just that we don't get many new Companions these days, so I was excited. You'll need to take the three classes, of course, and pass the basic knowledge test. And there's a minimum 30-day waiting period..." she stopped as I held a hand up and shook my head.

I fished in my pocket and brought out my phone. Placing it on the counter brought up the integration, which I approved, and I flashed over the documentation I'd filled out from the net. "I've been thinking about this a while. I just hadn't fully decided yet. But I took the classes online and filled out the declaration two months ago." She nodded at me, and I saw her eyes glaze. I realized she must have an integrated HUD system. Her eyes flickered from side to side, and then she smiled at me. For a second I thought she would break into another squeal, but she managed to control herself this time.

She beamed at me. "That's wonderful, Sam. Then you just need to take that basic knowledge test here. We have a room just over here." I sighed, but I'd known I'd have to do this on location - they don't accept any outside certs for this test. I followed her as she walked into the next room, my eyes taking in her form as I walked. The swell of her breasts visible on each side. Her taut ass. And her cock, just barely visible between her legs in the trademark Helical semi-transparent clothing. I shuddered a bit, but steeled myself and kept walking. I hoped she hadn't noticed.

* * *

The test itself was long and confusing. Some of it seemed obvious - questions on Contact. The Companions Treaty. Basic Helical history that any human nowadays knows, from the Gene Wars to the Elder Reformation. Basic background on what exactly a Companion was (a disturbing section for me, but I waded through the questions determinedly). But a lot of it seemed... weird. They asked about my favorite color. If a baby was more valuable than a 5% improvement in power generation for a city over a 6 month period. Coke or Pepsi. Donuts or hamburgers. I thought about asking Kali what was up with the test, but she'd just told me to answer as much as I could and then left me there. It took me three hours to work my way through it, and I felt drained and half-dead at the end.

Kali came into the room. I saw her go on her HUD again, checking my results. She seemed to be happy with what she was reading, but then she frowned. She pulled another chair over sat down - it was lower, and it kept her closer to head height on me, rather than having her loom over me like before. She regarded me expressionlessly. I'm not sure what it was - something in her gaze, in how she dissected me - but it made me think old. Knowledgeable. It was at odds with her earlier impression of an excited school girl, and it made me wonder which version of her was real, if either was. She finally broke the silence. "Sam. You show significant negative psychological reaction to becoming a Companion."

I swallowed. Nodded. "I know. I need orientation adjustment."

Her facade broke - a hint of a frown. She sat forward. "Sam, we don't like doing adjustments. The science says they don't impact personality, or individuality, but we still feel they're invasive. Take some time..."

I interrupted her again. "Kali, I've thought about this. I knew it would be necessary from the start - I don't have any other options to do something with my life. I need the Companion package to do what I want to do." I could see she wanted to interrupt, but I plowed ahead. "Kali... most of the men who didn't need adjustment did this right after Contact? Right? You got most of them then. So that means almost everyone you see must need it." I held her gaze. She opened her mouth, then closed it and sighed.

"Yes. 63% over the last five years. But Sam, there are other options. You could get an education grant, or take an apprenticeship." She looked compassionate, concerned. "You understand, with our history, why we don't want to be coercive here, right?"

I looked at her. I knew the Helical nets were open and couldn't be restricted, at least by any tech or code humans had found yet. And it was obvious, from their news, that they were just as annoyed by Earth corporations restricting opportunities to increase profits as we were. But they were bound by the Treaty, and it left me with only one option.

I gave her a smile. "I know it's not your fault. But I don't have the education credits to do what I want any other way. I'd like to sign it now, please."

She regarded me for another moment, then moved. A quick glance at her HUD, and the table before me populated with a form. Her voice took on a ritualized tone. "I am bound by Treaty, Earth Law, and Helical Law to object to this orientation adjustment. If you insist on your right to become a Companion, please acknowledge you waive you right to keep your current orientation." Her voice softened. "You will need to highlight the three areas, and provide a DNA sample at the bottom."

I glanced at the form, then forced myself to read it fully. It matched what I'd seen online.

I waive my right to preserve my current orientation. I acknowledge that this adjustment has not been proven to Helical scientific standards to maintain personality in all cases. I agree to have my orientation changed so that I will not be distressed if used as a Companion.

I marked each, then put my thumb at the bottom. I felt a tiny prick as it took a blood sample - I'd been told once before that the pain isn't necessary, they could take it without hurting you, but they leave it in so you know your DNA is taken.

Kali rotated the form to face her, then scanned it. She placed her own thumb at the bottom to notarize it as a witness, and then pulled a small case out and placed it on the table. She opened it to reveal a pill and pushed it across to me. "These nanites will do a medical scan over the next 24 hours. You'll need to meet me tomorrow no earlier than 10 PM so I can check the results. At that point, assuming you have an acceptable conversion percentage and want to continue, we'll proceed with the adjustment and start your level 1 conversion. Do you understand?"

I swallowed. I had known what was in store for me from the start, but Kali's words and the pill in front of me made it suddenly immediate and real. Before I could change my mind I grabbed the pill and gulped it down - I was surprised at how easy it was, it seemed to slither down my throat. I looked at Kali and nodded. "Yes. I meet you here?"

She smiled at me, sadly. "Yes. And Sam... for what it's worth, I'm sorry you feel like this is your only option. Think about it over night. For me, please?"

I told her I would, and made my way out the door. But I knew, despite what she said, that I didn't really have any options. I wouldn't be changing my mind. I told my phone to remind me tomorrow, and headed home.

Chapter 2

Kali wasn't there the next day. I couldn't help but stare at my second example of a live Helical. She was a monster, even for them - close to 11 feet tall. The room was scaled closer to humans, and Kali had appeared oversized but reasonable. But this one was like an adult playing in a house for children. And her features seemed different - almost like a totally separate species from Kali, not just different members of the same one.

I'm sure she spotted me immediately, but she didn't look away from her screen, fingers blurring as she manipulated something on an interface (I assumed some sort of work, but it could have been a game for all I knew). Once I stepped in though, she stopped and rose, her head almost brushing the ceiling. She smiled at me, and her voice was calm and professional. "Samuel Church?" Her voice was deeper than Kali's, but still well within normal human ranges. It had never struck me before - I think on the screen, you don't get the same sensation of size - but now both Kali's and hers voices had thrown me. From something that big, in the same room, my mind expected a deeper tone, and I wasn't getting it. Of course, once you hear them speak in Helical and not English, you understand why.

I realized after a few seconds that I was just staring, and made myself nod. "Yes. Call me Sam. I uh... is Kali here by chance? I spoke to her yesterday..." I left my voice trail off as she shook her head.

She indicated the counter in front of me as she spoke. "Kali sends her apologies, but she's not qualified for conversion or orientation procedures. My name is Cranberry." The professional smile flashed again. "If you would place your hand here..."

I had to force myself to walk forward. Kali had been large, but she was remotely within human range. Cranberry loomed. Some primal part of me, the cave man, told me run. That this was a predator, and I was prey. My breath came faster and faster, and I could feel the fear rising. I felt my legs start to tremble, and a burst of shame filled me. I struggled to control the urge to turn and flee. If I couldn't even handle this...

But she must have realized what I was going through. "Sam." I looked at her. She sat down, carefully slow, one fluid motion. And then she... lounged. I assume you've seen the old classic 2D, the Titanic? She did the French girl pose and tried to look seductive, on her side, legs together, one arm supporting her head... but it was ridiculous with her size, like an elephant doing ballet (although Helicals, of course, dance divinely). And I realized that my fear was fading and I was struggling to keep in a grin.

Once she saw I was better, she turned serious again. "I apologize, Sam. Kali told me you had no trouble yesterday, so I didn't worry about it. But I suppose you would see a big difference."

It was an odd way of phrasing things, but I put it out of my mind. "I'm sorry too, you just... took me by surprise. And I mean, it worked, and I'm grateful. But what's up with this?" I indicated her current position.

She shrugged. "Fear reactions to our size, even with integration nanites, are fairly common. We learn de-escalation techniques, and taking a non-threatening position is one of the most effective. This one was recommended to me by another Companion. I know it looks silly, but that's why it works, so I don't mind." Not moving from her location on the floor, she nodded at the counter. "If you would? Either hand will work."

"Oh." I stepped forward hesitantly, but I could tell I was already adjusting to her presence. The fear was only a memory. I walked up and placed my right hand on the counter. It beeped and turned green, and I saw Cranberry moving her free arm. I turned, and she was working through a HUD report - presumably mine. It's always impressive to watch Helicals work, and I watched in a bit of envy as she rapidly scanned through several pages in only a few seconds. Then she closed it, looked at me and nodded.

"You're all set. 10% conversion, which is very solid - you're familiar with the guidelines?" She smiled at me as she gave me the news, and for the first time I thought I saw some genuine warmth. And I felt amazing. 10% might sound low - I don't know who came up with the scale - but it was really very good. The average human is closer to 5%, and from that I could expect at least triple my normal life span, immunity to diseases, some increased height and strength, and a host of other various benefits.

She waited while I basked in my results, then gave me another smile. "I'm going to get up now. Do you think you'll be ok?" I nodded firmly - I knew it was partially the integration making me more adaptable, but I'd adjusted completely to having her in the room - and she carefully got to her feet. She was still incredibly big, but it felt more like a parent or older sibling now, rather than a dangerous wild animal. I gave her a reassuring smile.

Still moving carefully - I think to avoid scaring me - she moved back behind the counter. Her explanation at my questioning look - "Just to be sure." - didn't make me feel better. I'd never heard of a HUD failing, so why did she need to check? She must have realized I was concerned, because she beckoned me closer, and then moved something onto the counter display. "It's nothing, Sam. I've just never seen an exact 10% before - you have thirty-five zeros, and I wanted to check it to be sure. What are the odds?" I grinned, relieved, as she shrugged again. "I guess it must happen sometime." She opened her mouth to continue, and then hesitated. And finally spoke. "Your medical clears, and you signed off on almost everything yesterday. Because human laws are crazy," an with this she rolled her eyes a bit, "I am now required, at this point, to offer you the opportunity to seek human counsel in your decision. I must also, by law, suggest another 24-hour wait period." But I was already shaking my head.

"No. I mean yes, those are stupid. There are a lot of people who want to regulate what other people do. But I don't want to talk to anyone, or to wait. I want to get this over with." I was dreading what was about to happen, but I kept repeating, "10%" in my mind. What was 30 years of my life compared to what I was about to get? There was the orientation and conversion process, of course, but after today I wouldn't care, so I tried to think of the other benefits. I kind of succeeded.

Cranberry just said, "I'm recording this conversation as proof." and then stood back up. Another smile, this time with a hint of anticipation. I felt my heart speed up. "Follow me, please. We'll start now." And she stood, and walked through a door that appeared beyond the counter. I took a deep breath to steady myself, and followed her.

Chapter 3

The room was Helical-sized, with just a bed and a fridge. The ceiling was comfortably above Cranberry's head, probably 14 feet, and the top of the bed was at eye level to me. I struggled to control myself for the second time that day. I had planned for this, even hoped for it, but for it to be about to happen... my heart was hammering in my chest. I wished that Kali was here - I was more comfortable with her - but that wasn't an option. I heard the door close behind me, but my breathing was harsh, and my eyes locked on Cranberry. She reached up and touched something on her collar, and her clothing dropped to the floor. Helicals are attractive, and the sight of her naked back and ass would normally hold my interest. But my eyes were drawn instead to the length swinging between her legs, almost down to her knees.

She turned and looked at me, and saw my terror with a glance. She arched one eyebrow. "Do you want to see a trick?"

I stared at her. I... what? I must have looked lost, but I could feel my fear start to fade, and I stepped back from going over the edge. I opened my mouth to respond, but then my eyes locked onto her cock. And it was... not quite as big as I was expecting. I mean, don't get me wrong. It was a genetically enhanced pornstar fantasy cock, close to 2 and a half feet long and maybe 3 inches thick. But I thought Kali might have been bigger, and Cranberry had almost 3 feet of height on her. I had heard rumors that Helicals can control the size of their penises at will. I'd dismissed them at the time, but Cranberry made me wonder if maybe she was going easy on me.

She interrupted my staring with an amused, "Eyes up here, honey." I flushed, both at the endearment and that I'd been staring at someone else's dick. I slowly looked up. Her eyes were gentle. "I won't hurt you, Sam. Now, watch this. On three, two, one..." and she blurred into motion.

One smooth step, and she was standing on top of the bed. She arched an eyebrow at me. "Now you see me..." and a blur of flesh, as she coiled down into a tight ball. Hands shot out and gripped the sheet, and in a move that looked choreographed she pulled it up and over as she descended, like a dance of cloth and flesh. Then tight around her as she descended to the bed, totally covered and curled up around herself. The power and speed of it was incredible. Her voice came from under. "And now you don't." I just sat there and gaped. After a second, one corner of the sheet popped up, and she peeked out at me with one eye.

It was the last part that did. I burst out laughing, and I had to sit down on the floor. I felt my fear drain away, and I saw her grin. She threw the sheet off a bit so her head was fully out, and she watched me, not bothering to hide her amusement. I finally caught my breath. "Do they really teach you that stuff? Alien Amusement 101?"

Her face turned thoughtful. "I think it would be a... 200 level class under your education system, actually." I chuckled, but she looked serious. I imagined a line of Helicals all learning how to make themselves look silly to keep people from being afraid, and couldn't help my giggle. But I became aware of the weight of her gaze, and it died away. She indicated the bed with a nod. "Join me, Sam. I know you're afraid. But trust me."

I thought about Cranberry's size, her obvious power, and her cock. But then I thought about her posing, and the trick to make me feel comfortable. And the obvious humor and good nature. I'd put myself here. This wasn't rape, it wasn't against my will. Time to back up my decision.

I walked up to the bed, trying to show confidence and resolve. Her clothes on the floor caught my eye, and I took a deep breath. I stopped next to the bed, and started to pull my shirt off. Her eyes widened. "Sam, you don't have to do that yet if you don't want to."
