 ***Author's Note: This was one of my earliest stories and lacks a bit of the polish of my later works...but holds a special place in my hearts for all of its flaws.*** 

Jim Raynor sat in the captain's cabin of the Hyperion, pouring over a star map as a cup of coffee steamed into the air beside him.

Many thoughts filled the man of Koprulu Sector's hero, or villain, depending on who you asked. At the forefront was the plight of his crew, and the political situations he had become embroiled in. Still vivid were regrets over Tychus Findlay, the friend that he had been forced to kill.

He had done it for a reason though. That same reason was lounging languidly on the bed behind him, having just completed a workout and spending a small quiet moment with the man she loved. Fate and circumstance would allow them this small respite, at least.

Sarah Kerrigan still retained a great deal of her martial instincts; even her time as the Zerg Queen of Blades had not dulled them. She was lying on the bed reading a datapad in her form-fitting Ghost suit that made Raynor's heart skip a beat. Lights blinked up and down her curves, the swell of breasts, the form of thigh. Her exercise had given her a glow that enhanced an already substantial natural beauty, but even at the sight, he still had some deepset reservations.

Even now, deinfested by the Xel'Naga artifact, she was different from the woman Raynor had first seen on Antiga Prime and fallen in love with. Gone was the playfulness of youth, and in its place was a burning sense of vengeance that worried Raynor more than anyone could know.

Despite that, she was still the woman he loved, for good or ill. Raynor did not give his heart easily, and was loyal to a fault. He had sacrificed much for it, Tychus being only the latest part. The loss of Fenix, his truest friend among the Protoss, and the countless other lives Kerrigan had taken as the Queen of Blades had angered him into a vow of promised vengeance.

He had broken that oath and made his peace with it, but he could not completely forget. The woman stretched out on the bed was a new person. Not the Sarah Kerrigan he had first met, nor the villainous Queen of Blades. Something different than both, and yet enough to capture his heart.

Kerrigan hit a button on her datapad, then set it down, moving to the doorway behind Raynor. He felt the air displace as her proximity opened the door to the cold, metallic corridors of the Behemoth-class Battlecruiser. He thought he felt something else too, but shrugged it off as Sarah put her arms around him from behind. "What are you looking at, Jim?"

"Star maps. Thinking of our next move. Mengsk is still out there, and he has to be stopped."

Her eyes tightened at the mention of the man who had betrayed her. "Time enough for that soon. And he'll be more than stopped, mark my words. But you seem to have forgotten something."

"What's that, darlin'," Raynor said, sighing contentedly as Sarah began to massage his shoulders.

"It's August 20th. Your birthday."

Raynor chucked. "I hadn't remembered. Too many other things to do. More important things."

Sarah pulled his head to the side, away from the map, and kissed him. It was a long and deep kiss, and by the end they were both slightly breathless. "I don't agree at all. I think we should celebrate."

Jim gave her a wry grin. "Like we celebrated when I first brought you back here?"

He still remembered that wonderful night of passion. So did Sarah. Both had been separated for so long, the two lost loves finally reunited. To meet again after such uncertainty, to still be so devoted to each other after all that time. Kerrigan remembered the amazing feel of Jim's penis inside her, her body rocking up and down on his length as she looked deeply into his eyes. Jim had cried out her name and began shoot his load deep into her welcoming pussy. Kerrigan had desiringly moved up and down Raynor's spurting dick, looking down at her own cunt milking his pulsating cock for every drop he had.

"Better I think."

"Hard to imagine. You felt amazing that day."

"Well...this will be a little different. You see, Jim, you have been an amazing man to me. And the opportunity has come to reward you."

Jim looked at her questioningly. "How so?"

Sarah shifted her eyes to the bedside. Jim looked over at the same location and saw a faint shimmer in the air. A shimmer he had seen before, of a personal cloak.

"Who are you?" Jim said to the intruder, breaking Sarah's hold on him and looking at the blurry shape. "Sarah, who is..."

There came a shimmer. Not the red of the Spectre cloak he had seen on Tosh, but the blue of Terran ghost equipment. Another Ghost? Jim wondered to himself, as a lithe female form materialized before him. For once, she was without her rifle and goggles as Jim had seen her before, but he recognized her instantly. The cold green eyes, the blonde hair. "Nova!" He grabbed for his pistol.

"No Jim!" Kerrigan's hand knocked his own away from his draw as Nova stood there, unmoving. There was something different about her, Raynor judged. Her eyes were not as cold as he remembered, nor was she...as driven, business-like as he had recalled. And she was also weaponless, most importantly. Sarah spoke up quickly again. "I brought her here-"

"What?!" Raynor was confused as he looked back to Sarah. "Are you crazy? She's a Dominion Assassin who I royally pissed off only a couple months ago."

"Choosing Tosh was the right decision," November Terra spoke as her first words. "You know how Ghosts are, Jim. I didn't really have a choice in the matter."

"Yeah, I know your heads are hardwired." Jim knew all about the Ghosts and their training from personal experience. "Sarah, we can't trust..."

"Once, yes. But you see..." Nova looked to Kerrigan.

"Nova came after me after Char," Sarah said. Her eyes flicked over to Nova. "We fought, but I won. She kept trying to kill me till the end, but I felt for her. I...know what it's like to do horrible things...when you're not yourself."

"I'm not sure what I did," Sarah looked back at Jim. "Somehow, I managed to break through her memory wipe. It was risky. I didn't know what I was doing, or the new extent of my powers...but it was the only thing I could do...to stop her without killing her."

Jim looked at Nova uncertainly. "I still can't trust you, Nova. Mengsk's best assassin...?"

"You can now, Jim. Let me prove it to you." Nova moved forward. "I always thought you were dashingly handsome you know. The brave renegade of the sector."

She reached out a hand to Jim and stroked one of his arms, lightly, teasingly, promisingly. Jim knew Nova was trouble, but the element of danger, Kerrigan's earlier form, and the memory of their first return coupling had inflamed his desires. Jim looked at Kerrigan, and saw something new in her eyes. Not the vengeance-filled green that had worried him so much, but the playfulness that reminded him of their first meeting.

"Time for your best birthday ever," Sarah Kerrigan said, putting her arms around him to kiss him once more.

Jim was still full of doubts of Nova, but two female Ghosts were standing near him, two beautiful women. His resolve was crumbling. His mouth locked onto Kerrigan's, and he could feel Nova descending as she reached her hand down towards his trousers. A zipper down, a deft tug, and Nova gripped his rapidly hardening erection, exposing it to the air.

Sarah broke their second kiss and hit the door control, locking it. As she did, Jim felt Nova's head moving towards his crotch. The escalation of the meeting was exhilarating and mind numbing. Raynor could only look down at the sight of the blonde head, his earlier misgivings completely forgotten. Nova held Jim's cock steady and looked into his eyes, then slowly opened her mouth.

Jim threw his head back in pleasure and then looked down at the sight of November Terra slowly descending down the length of his dick. The sensation was amazing, the sight equally enrapturing. Her blonde hair framing her face fell to rest on his pelvis, but Raynor could see the top of her head sliding downwards and downwards. His penis was wonderfully trapped in a wet, moist interior.

Sarah had returned. For a moment, she paused, contemplating the sight of Nova sucking the dick of the man she loved more than anything. Then she reached one hand forward to the front of her Ghost suit and the zipper there. Raynor opened his eyes, dizzy from the pleasure of Nova's blowjob, to see Sarah Kerrigan opening her suit for him. Slowly, teasingly, she revealed the cleft between her breasts, then shrugged the shoulders off, leaving her bare from the waist up. Kerrigan's breasts were not large, but larger than one might've expected from an athletic military operative. Her nipples were already hard from the sight in front of her, and as she slid the suit further downwards, she reached a hand toward her crotch, signifying her own growing lust.

Kerrigan's suit had descended lower by now and reached her pubes, a neatly trimmed patch of red that Jim had been relieved to see, after the sight of her hair. It only took a moment longer for Kerrigan to pull the suit off completely, standing full frontally naked before him. Jim basked in her beauty once again, the glories of Sarah's nude form, but Nova had seemingly not noticed. Instead, she had reached the end of Jim's dick, sucking harder and harder, her cheeks dimpling as she did so.

Nova drew back to his tip and prepared to descend again on Jim. But now Kerrigan was descending herself, her green eyes shining wickedly at the sight as she glanced at Jim's moist cock, coated in Nova's saliva and precum. Gently, she pulled Nova off of Jim's dick, and Nova unresistingly stood away from the two, her hand moving to her own zipper. Sarah moved towards to take Nova's place, looking thoughtfully at the penis as it stood there rock hard into the empty air.

As Nova freed her smaller, but delightfully perky breasts from the confines of her form-fitting Ghost suit, Sarah brought her own lips into contact with Jim's dick tip. A bead of precum had formed there in the lull, and Sarah looked at it, then blew a stream of air onto his dick. The cooling sensation of air on moisture made Jim shudder. Sarah smiled as she looked up at the man she loved and then parted her lips to suck at the tip of Jim Raynor's dick.

Jim moaned as Sarah flicked her tongue over his slit, tasting his precum as she opened her mouth wider to swallow more. She did not do it slowly, for perhaps she thought Nova had completed the initiation. Instead, she descended faster than her fellow Ghost, reaching the bottom of Jim's dick in no time. Jim looked down to see his cock now completely engulfed in the inviting mouth of Sarah Kerrigan.

Above, Nova had fully stripped out of her suit. A triangle of blonde hair covered the junction between her thighs. Her lithe female form, athletic and without mark despite her service, was wonderful to behold in its own right. Nova's fine round ass, free from its tight confines in the Ghost suit, was visible even from the front. Only Raynor still had clothes on, a single fortuitous man surrounded by a lusty pair of the most beautiful women in the Koprulu sector.

Kerrigan began to pick up the pace. Being older than Nova, her cock-sucking skills were slightly more refined. She flicked all along Jim's penis with her tongue, and the soft sounds of her sucking and slurping filled the cabin. Nova made to join her, but Kerrigan was not giving up her man's dick. Instead, Nova reached over to Kerrigan's nipples and tugged on them both, eliciting a cry from her that was muffled by the dick in her mouth.

Nova began to cup both of Sarah's breasts from the side, as Jim's chair continued to rock from the ministrations of the blowjob. Sarah descended one more time on Jim, applying a torutous amount of suction, before sliding off. She looked at Nova on the side, the blonde Ghost's hands still awkwardly gripping the redhead's breasts. "You can do better than that, surely."

"Then let me," Nova said huskily. She slid onto the floor on her back. Her breasts protruded impressively from her chest, nipples hard as diamonds. Obviously, she was as turned on as Kerrigan was. Nova lay there docily as Kerrigan shifted, spreading her legs wide. Slowly, she descended onto the beautiful blonde face below her, green eyes looking into green eyes with torturous anticipation.

Kerrigan's outer folds found Nova's outstretched tongue, as the younger blonde could not resist the extension. Sarah gave a soft moan at the sensation of November Terra's tongue flicking at her cunt, and she went down further. Nova locked her lips on Kerrigan's nether petals and began to suck, a soft squelching sound emerging into the cabin as she did so.

The sensations for Sarah were unbelievable. A man may play at cunnilingus, but a woman truly knew how to give it. Nova was full of youthful lustful vigour, flicking her tongue, sucking, blowing, and occasionally inserting a finger. The pleasure rolled through Sarah's body. Every so often her head would be thrown back as Nova flicked at her clit, looking to see Nova's shining face and blonde hair rustling between her legs. Unable to resist herself, Sarah began to rock back and forth on the other blonde Ghost's face.

The sight was naturally amazing for Jim Raynor, watching these two beautiful women who had blown him going at each other. He could feel a throbbing as he looked at Sarah's closed eyes and down at Nova's tireless efforts as her tongue flicked into and over Kerrigan again and again.

Sarah's eyes came open and she met eyes with Jim. "See," she said, panting between Nova's luscious licks. "Not a bad birthday huh?"

"Not at all, darlin'."

Sarah smiled at that, then her mouth descended once more on Jim's dick. The saliva had dried slightly, cooling off, but now Kerrigan's hot mouth caused a wonderful temperature shift. Sarah Kerrigan continued to suck Raynor's dick, her mouth descending up and down, as below her Nova Terra unceasingly licked at her pussy.

Jim had better control than most, Sarah knew, and he would know to make this opportunity count. So perhaps it was not a surprise that Sarah was the first to come. Her mouth filled with a solid cock, her pussy stimulated by the beautiful blonde woman below her, she was in heaven. She slid her mouth off Jim long enough to announce "I'm so close..."

Sarah had thought Nova had been licking at full speed already. She thought wrong. Nova suddenly doubled her tempo, putting her middle finger into Sarah's pussy and inserting her tongue as far as it would go. Her clit, previously avoided to extend the experience, soon found itself under vigorous assault from Nova's hot tongue.

The sensation was too much for Sarah. She glanced downwards at Nova's bright welcoming eyes and ferocious pace, and then at Jim, and came with a force she had never known before. Her cry was one of uninhibited ecstasy, filling the cabin. A rush of her juices flooded out into Nova's mouth, who received it all with no complaint but a soft moan of pleasure. Nova sucked up every drop of Kerrigan's juices as the redheaded Ghost went wild above, her body convulsing, her eyes rolling. Her leg muscles braced on Nova's face gave out, smashing her pussy even further onto Nova's mouth as the young blonde Ghost sucked, licked and fingered, eyes closed in rapture at the taste of Sarah Kerrigan.

The sight almost made Jim cum himself as he watched his lover reach her heights of orgasm, but he maintained control. He leaned forward to hold Sarah as her body finally seemed to give out at the pleasure. Nova slowed but did not entirely stop her efforts as Kerrigan slowly returned to normal. Kerrigan put both hands on either side of Nova's head, pulling it in for one last lick. Then she stroked back both sides of blonde hair delicately, lovingly, and slowly lifted her vagina from her perch on the blonde Ghost's mouth.

Nova smiled up at Kerrigan, her mouth and its vicinity covered in a sheen of moist juices. She flicked her tongue around at the residue with relish. "You taste good, Sarah."

"That was amazing, Nova," said Sarah breathlessly. "I can't thank you-"

"Nothing I could ever do for you would be enough." Nova sat up, her hand wiping at Sarah's juices stll clinging around her mouth. "But we seem to have forgotten about the birthday boy, Sarah."

Sarah looked at Jim, exhaustively, yet hungrily. "No. I would never forget him.."

She directed Jim to lie down on the floor, his cock standing straight into the air. Then Kerrigan directed Nova over to it. Nova darted down to gave Jim a quick suck for old time's sake, but that was not what Sarah wanted. "Time for you to feel what I did, Nova."

Sarah directed Nova so her legs were splayed over Jim's dick, vagina held in place just over it, her thin lithe form glistening and those small perky breasts jutting outward. Jim looked to see that wonderful Nova ass again as Kerrigan reached a hand to grip the base of Jim's dick and spoke to her fellow Ghost. "I've got it all ready for you, Nova."

Nova smiled at that, then lowered her vagina onto Jim's erect penis, held upwards by Kerrigan's sturdy hand. Jim sighed at the wonderful sensation. Her pussy was so wonderfully tight, a beautiful new velvety sheath. Slowly, Nova adapted to the feeling of the veiny intruder, then sank further until his entire length was buried inside her. As she reached the end, Sarah removed her stabilizing hand.

"He has been such a good patient boy," Sarah said playfully. "Give him his reward Nova. And don't you dare stop for anything. He has earned it all the way."

"I wasn't thinking of otherwise," confessed Nova. "I can't imagine what it feels like for him to shoot inside you..."

"Oh it's something all right," Kerrigan said, as she watched Nova rise and descend on Jim's dick. The young blonde braced her arms on Jim's chest, pulling at the chest hair and setting his senses afire. Jim looked down to see his dick disappearing into Nova's hot depths over and over.

Nova began to make more and more noise as her pace increased. A moan here, and then slightly shriller, as she began to feel her own pleasures being satisfied. Eating out Kerrigan had been a wonderful sensation, but this was what would make her cum now, a solid dick plunging into her without abandon. Ever helpful, Jim began to thrust as well, meeting Nova's thrusts halfway, their coupling taking on a furious pace.

Kerrigan found her ways to contribute too. She kissed Jim on the mouth, then returned the favour from earlier and clasped Nova's breasts. Her head descended to work Nova's left nipple, her tongue swiping from side to side. Then she closed her mouth on the nipple and bit softly at it. Nova was in heaven at the combined sensations in her young body, and she began to lose herself in the pleasure.

Kerrigan repeated her action on the other breast as Nova moaned all the louder, the sounds echoing through the room. Her eyes closed in pleasure, her body shuddered. Soon after, she screamed so loudly that Raynor thought the whole ship could've heard it. Nova's body convulsed in her orgasmic throes, and a gush of juices came forward to surround Jim's dick.

Jim Raynor was close as well and that wonderful sensation drove him even closer to the edge, magnified by the sight of Kerrigan lapping at Nova's breasts. As Nova spasmed on his hard cock, her orgasm contracted the muscles of her pussy around him in a wonderfully tight vice-like grip. That new pressure broke his last dwindling defenses, sending him over the edge into the most intense orgasm of his life. Thick ropes of sperm shot from his dick into the tight welcoming cunt around it, coating the inside of Nova's tight womb with his jism. Jim watched almost incredulously as his dick muscles twitched over and over, shooting its load into the beautiful blonde woman above him. The sensation only heightened Nova's pleasure as she enjoyed the wonderfully debasing feeling of Jim's cock spurting deep within her. Nova was enamoured at the prospect, smiling wickedly down at the fountaining dick as Jim filled the hot young Ghost with his seed.
