 Fluorescent. That was Kirstein's first thought as the man loomed over her body. His hair, such a vivid blonde, had drawn her gaze as he'd walked through the darkness towards her bed. Her thoughts stilled, her mind unable to focus as he reached out for her. He placed his hands on her shoulders, pinning her physically in place, though she had already been imprisoned the intensity of his eyes. She'd never once beheld eyes like his, a yellowish orange that reflected the sun. They illuminated the dark room, making her breath come in short, heated gulps. 

Her skin ignited as he ran his fingertips down her face, their cold trail awakening everything she had been fighting to keep suppressed. Her body shook with a need more powerful than anything she had ever imagined; all the while his hands roamed over her, undressing her, and she lifted not a finger to fight against him. She could do nothing but bathe in the liquid fire he was immersing her in.

His fingers found her damp and welcoming, holding her chin he brought her face inches from his own, not allowing her to look anywhere other than into his eyes as he began his gentle exploration. His large body pressed up against her, his fingers going in deep, as his other hand moved to tangle in her long hair. 

"Please." She watched as her frantic plea caused his pupils to expand, almost swallowing up his irises.

He smiled at her then, a wicked look that promised he was nowhere near finished. His thumb stroked against her clit, washing her body in wave after wave of pleasure. She moaned, thrashing, unable to keep still, and was rewarded as his lips lowered onto her breast. He suckled her into the inferno of his mouth and she screamed; the pressure from his fingers and lips being more than she could take. 

Plunging his fingers into her one last time, he grabbed hold of her chin once more and positioned himself directly above her. Slowly, he slid his fingers from within her and brought them to his lips. She couldn't take her eyes from his while he opened his mouth and licked her juices from his hand. The act alone arousing her already throbbing body to even greater heights. She was reaching a peak she was not yet ready for. She needed him. 

All of him.

His tongue slid alongside his finger and she felt the heat of his shaft against her entrance. His smile grew, lifting his lips displaying two long fangs.

"Fangs? −" 

He entered her in one strong thrust. Kirstein's whispered shock forgotten as she was once more swept up by his body. 

They moaned in unison as her walls clenched him. Never moving his hand from her face, he began to pound into her. His thrusts were deep and slow, as if he were savoring every ripple that sent them higher. 

His mouth found her nipple, and he licked pulling the delicate flesh between his teeth. Her eyes closed, every inch of her body exploding in sensations beyond her wildest dreams. She found herself fighting for air as her body began erupting. 

In a daze she opened her eyes, but the warmth tingling over her body was extinguished in an instant. His smile was no longer sensual; it was the smile of a predator about to devour their prey. Before her now, this man's eye no longer reflected the warmth of the sun. No, they never had, it wasn't the sun. She had been wrong from the start. 

It was Hell. 

His smile grew, contorting his features, casting his face in a shadowy mask of horror. In his hand a flash of silver gleamed in the shallow moon light. Panic did nothing to get her limp muscles to respond to her desperate thoughts. 

She watched in absolute terror as he thrust himself into her one last time, throwing back his head, a roar tearing from his throat. His body arched as he held the knife above his head, and all Kirstein could do was lay paralyzed beneath him. She never would have imagined a reaper would hold such beauty. 

He brought the knife down, plunging it into her chest.

#

KIRSTEIN jolted awake, her eyes snapping open, hands flying to her chest.

It was just a dream? 

She fought to calm her shaking body. Arousal was still weeping inside of her, a pressure as intense in real life as it had felt in the dream. Heat bloomed all around her, radiating from her body. Never before had she experienced a dream so real.

Finally as the panic began to leave her, she once more relaxed into the pillows. Clutching the blankets up to her chin she tried to forget what her body refused to. Closing her eyes, she kept seeing his sinfully handsome face. 

What was wrong with her? After all that how could her body still be on fire like this?

The sound of a chair sliding against hardwood had her jolting up in bed. Darkness consumed the entire room, leaving no trace of light, but she didn't need to see. She already knew. Her body's betrayal was warning enough as her eyes meet the pair of hellfire orbs across the room.