 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

Originally published on 03/04/19 in NonConsent/Reluctance.

Hellish Retribution is my first attempt at incorporating erotica into my fantasy writing. Thank you for all of the wonderful feedback I've received thus far, and I hope you enjoy!

~~~ ~~~ ~~~

"Officer Bates, please! My daughter is in danger!"

"Dammit, Dr. Richardson, I told you I can't help you!"

Outside of the police station stood Marcus Richardson, engaged in a heated argument with an older man. Just two hours ago, he and his daughter Elise were lured into the ruins of the old demonology lab where he used to work and ambushed by one of his old coworkers, Russell Wilkins. He managed to capture Elise and proceeded to brutally violate her in a twisted act of revenge. Marcus, knowing he had no chance of recusing his daughter on his own, fled to find help, effectively abandoning her to the demon in the process. The guilt weighed heavily on his mind.

All of his frantic explanations and desperate pleas led up to the present situation, with Marcus angrily shouting at the man known as Officer Bates, who carried the rank of a police lieutenant. He was the one in charge of neutralizing the escaped demons in the lab. The two of them had a long history together, and not a lot of it was good.

"And why can't you?" Marcus retorted with incredulous rage.

"Because it's a demon!" Bates snapped back, the grey whiskers on his upper lip bobbing up and down with each word. "It's now illegal for law enforcement officers to handle demonic threats because of the incident at your lab! And even if it weren't, attacking this thing head-on with our outdated equipment would be a death sentence!"

Marcus was getting more and more upset with each passing moment, his hands curling into quaking fists. "Russell murdered my wife. And now he has Elise... she's all I have left anymore." He took a long, quivering inhale. "Officer Bates, if you don't help her, he'll kill her. I know he will."

"And if I do try to help her, he'll kill any number of our police officers," Bates grumbled, glaring at the desperate father with a steely gaze. "Be reasonable, Dr. Richardson. I will send your report up the chain. I'm certain that they will send a team that is qualified to investigate this issue very soon." He held up the paper report Marcus had filled out earlier.

"Be reasonable?" Marcus replied, his voice beginning to rise again. "My daughter is being tortured by her mother's murderer while you refuse to do a damn thing, and you think that I'm the one being unreasonable?!" Marcus was shouting again, but the lieutenant officer kept his composure.

"I'm not the one that was messing around with demonic creatures to begin with," Bates told him coldly. "You, on the other hand, have openly admitted to putting your daughter in a potentially dangerous situation from the start by taking her to that laboratory. That's grounds for reckless endangerment and criminal negligence, Dr. Richardson."

Marcus opened his mouth to argue, but Bates kept going. "And this far from your first offense, Dr. Richardson. The only reason that you took no responsibility for your enclosures failing was due to a few large bribes paid so that the case would be dropped. There are many important, corrupt, and greedy people supporting people like you, Dr. Richardson, and many prosecutors who would salivate at getting the opportunity to bring you to justice. I should put you in cuffs and haul you off to jail right now."

Bates finally finished talking, and Marcus hung his head in defeat. The senior officer was right. He knew he was right. As much as Marcus believed in his innocence for what happened that day, there were too many pieces of evidence that made him out to be guilty. "I'm sorry, Officer Bates," he muttered dejectedly.

"Elise is not the most important person in the world," Bates continued. "I will not break the law and send officers out to die in a fruitless rescue attempt against a demon. Most of them have their own families as well, Dr. Richardson."

Marcus could only nod. "I'm sorry, Officer Bates."

Bates returned the nod, placing a heavy hand on the younger man's shoulder. "As a father and grandfather myself, I can sympathize with how you feel. I would give my life to protect my wife and my sons, and their wives and their children." He withdrew his hand, letting it fall back to his side. "I'm giving you one opportunity to walk away, Dr. Richardson. You are much more useful to your daughter when you're not stuck in a cell awaiting trial. You will be contacted when the investigative team arrives."

Once again, Marcus only nodded. "Thank you, Officer Bates. I will take my leave." With a heavy feeling in his heart, the dejected father made his way back to the car. It was night out at this point, his only source of light being the police station. He was so tired.

But Marcus was not yet ready to give up and wait. He didn't abandon Elise for anything. He still had one more person he would try to talk to.

"I swore to you that I would keep you safe, Elise," he whispered to himself. "I promise that I'll come to rescue you soon. So please hang in there. We're all we have left."

Bates shook his head with a sigh as he watched Richardson's car peel away. He couldn't help but feel a pant of guilt at sending such a desperate man away empty-handed.

"Poor girl," he muttered, disappearing back into the station.

*** *** ***

Elise awoke to the feeling of something cold being pressed against her bare back, not fully understanding what was going on at first. She groaned slightly, figuring that she must've kicked the sheets off of at some point while she was asleep. Shivering from the cold, she tried to reach for the covers but discovered that she couldn't move her arms.

That was... not normal.

The blissful unawareness of having just woken up completely left Elise as her eyes shot open with sudden alertness. She was lying on a rectangular surface, staring up at an unfamiliar ceiling. Her legs were hanging over the side of the table unrestrained, but her wrists were bound, strapped into anchor points at either side of her head.

The realization that she was still naked struck her, making her cheeks flush red with shame. Memories of what happened came flooding back to her. The aphrodisiacs, her stolen virginity, the tendrils fondling her, the disgusting sounds, everything. The high created by the Aphrodite Fern had completely worn off, leaving her feeling empty and sore.

"Dad?" Elise called out, her voice echoing throughout the room. For a few long moments, there was no answer. She silently prayed for her father's safety, hoping that he had fled rather than being held prisoner as well. Or worse.

A staticky noise interrupted her thoughts, and a man's voice rang out from somewhere above her. "Ah, good, you're awake! I'll be right over!" And then, once again, silence. Elise felt a wave of dread and nausea hit her. That voice had obviously belonged to Wilkins, her captor and tormentor. A sense of foreboding hung over her, her mind running over all of the possible encounters that could occur in this situation. None of them were good.

Elise heard the sound of a door opening somewhere behind her, accompanied by the sound of wheels squeaking against the tile. She tried to look over in that direction, but couldn't crane her neck that far.

Wilkins walked into her field of view a moment later, wearing the same tattered outfit and smug expression as yesterday. The only difference this time was the fact that there were no tendrils in sight. To Elise, that didn't make the man any less disgusting to look at.

"Where's my father?" she demanded sternly.

"Good morning, Elise!" Wilkins greeted at the exact same time, completely ignoring what she had tried to say. "I presume you slept well?"

"Answer my question, you bastard!" Elise shouted in response, determined to stand up to him this time. "What did you do to my father?"

"Woah, seems like you've got quite the sharp tongue," Wilkins replied in a mocking tone. He adjusted the table she was strapped to, raising it and turning the surface on its axis to where Elise was now standing. Her body jumped as her feet touched the cold tile.

"Marcus is gone. Fled the moment he fogged up the glass," he continued, shamelessly eying her body. "The only person you have to worry about it you, dear Elise. It's okay to be a little selfish now and again."

Elise felt relieved when she heard his answer. Her dad was out there somewhere, surely figuring out how to rescue her. She tried to let that thought bring her a bit of comfort. But still, one burning question continued to linger. "What do you want with me?" she asked, her voice calmer than it was previously.

Wilkins nodded at the question, as though he had been expecting it. "I suppose you do deserve to know what my intentions for you are," he said, beginning to take off his tattered lab coat. "I would be happy to show you."

"J-just tell me!" Elise stammered as he casually tossed the article of clothing to the side. Oh god, was he actually stripping naked? She didn't even want to think about that.

Wilkins cackled at her reaction. "Calm down, Elise, I'm only taking off my shirt," he assured her, tugging it off over his head in one swift motion. "Unless you wanted me to go further, that is." He adjusted his broken eyeglasses, briefly wondering why he was still even wearing these things.

Elise narrowed her eyes in suspicion but remained silent. She absentmindedly brought her legs closer together, wincing slightly at how tender and sore they felt.

"As you may know, this parasite was first discovered attached to a demonic creature." Wilkins began to explain. "The day we were able to bring it in for study, we noticed that it had a completely different host than what we first saw. That's when we first theorized the parasite's ability to change hosts."

Elise blanched at his words. "I think I can guess where you're going with this," she muttered.

Wilkins smiled meaningfully at her. "Smart girl. Yes, when Marcus's enclosures failed that day, the parasite chose me to be its new host." His smile faded, his gaze becoming distant. "The demon fused with me, both mind and body. It tries to control me. I can constantly hear its garbled whispering inside my head. I no longer need to eat or sleep or do anything to sustain myself. Everything I've once done for myself has been stolen from me, leaving me with nothing to distract myself from this blasted parasite. No respite from its coercing voice, speaking to me every minute of every day." His focus returned to Elise, his voice starting to rise. "Do you know how that feels?!" he shouted with increasing frustration.

Elise managed to keep herself from flinching at his outburst, but she did feel her heart rate increase. "You talk too much," she retorted as calmly as she could.

For a few brief moments, she thought that Wilkins was going to go off on her. But surprisingly, he managed to keep his cool. "The parasite is a picky chooser. I originally wanted your father to be the one to share my fate. But it had no interest in Marcus." He walked right up to her, one hand roughly grabbing her chin while the other began mindlessly rolling her nipple around. "Somehow, you caught the creature's attention, Elise. It wants to see if you would be an acceptable new host for it to inhabit."

Elise violently jerked her head away from his grip, her cheek pressing against the cold steel. "But that still doesn't explain all of... this!" she snapped with impatience, gesturing to the hand on her chest. "So the parasite chose me or whatever, big whoop. So why the Hell are you still here? Why hasn't it transferred to me yet- huh?!"

Elise was quickly startled into silence as the surface she was attached to rotated back to its original position, where she was once again lying on her back. She felt Wilkins grab both of her ankles, holding her legs up above her perpendicular to her body. "Wh-What are you doing?" she demanded.

"The parasite talks to me, Elise. Not in the same way that you and I converse, but in a way where I can listen, nonetheless," he told her, looming over her. It made her feel much smaller. "This hellspawn is perfectly content to continue using me as its host for a long time to come. It has not grown bored of me yet. It is giving me the chance to make you appear interesting enough for it to want to transfer." His cruel smile had returned to his face at this point. "And what's more interesting than knowing the pleasures of a woman's body?"

He let go of her as quickly as he had grabbed her, two tendrils immediately taking his place as they snaked around her ankles. "I was wondering when it would show up. I wanted to show you what the fusion looked like."

Wilkins leaned down over her, his hands bracing themselves around her already bound arms. From here, Elise could see the area on his stomach where the two tendrils had emerged, his flesh around the base of the limbs the same black discoloration. However, what was most disturbing to look at was the countless additional limbs of the parasite still inside him, all writhing and moving around directly under his skin. Elise felt like she was going to puke.

"Sickening, isn't it?" Wilkins taunted, straightening back up as he did. "Feels as strange as it looks, too. Not painful, just... uncomfortable." He disappeared from her view, and a moment later she could hear him looking around for something. The tendrils began to slowly move her legs around, as though they were stretching her hips.

"You're probably wondering why the parasite chose me to begin with," Wilkins chatted idly in the background. "I was a part of the original team of demonologists that first discovered the creature. A rookie at the time, and by far the youngest one there. By the time the enclosure and Hellgate had been built here, the other members of the team had either died, retired, or moved on to better things. So I ended up being put in charge of the parasite's experiments."

He walked back over to Elise, now carrying a large plastic tube. "I suppose that you are simply the newest pawn in this game of revenge."

Elise eyed the bottle suspiciously, watching as he nonchalantly put on a pair of latex gloves. He began to dump a generous amount of the tube's contents onto his palm, a clear gel that was a bit too thin to be lotion. The tendrils holding her legs moved them back towards her head, putting her in an uncomfortable and vulnerable position. "What, are you trying to give me a damn prostate exam?" she snapped, her tone full of dry sarcasm.

Wilkins chuckled slightly at her statement, coming from a woman in such a compromising position. It appears that the lesson in obedience that he had tried to teach her last time did not stick. "I am a scientist, Elise. Not a doctor." He scooped some of the lube with his middle and index finger, holding it up for her to get a good look at. "I can assure you that what I do with this won't be for medical purposes." He pulled his hand away and, without any further warning or preparation, plunged his fingers deep inside her anus.

Elise opened her mouth to retort, but the only sound that she was able to make was a shrill, surprised squeal. She instinctively clenched up as she felt his cold, slimy fingers invade her back passage, her body subconsciously making an effort to expel the foreign object. She glared at the man between her legs with an expression of pure disgust.

"Your muscles are quick to contract when there is an unfamiliar intrusion," Wilkins explained, wriggling his fingers around as much as he could as he gently explored her walls. "That reaction is the reason for me being so sudden in my advance. Relax your sphincter."

"T-take them out!" Elise screamed, her voice shooting an octave higher than normal. She viciously fought against the tendrils' grip as she kicked her legs around, trying to land a hit on the demonic man. In response to this, four additional limbs sprouted from various places on his chest and shoulders, aiding in keeping her legs still. After some struggle, they had managed to pin them almost to where her head was, placing a painful amount of strain on her hips and making it difficult to breathe.

Wilkins let out a terrible laugh at her plight. "Anal sex is a sensation that is far more intense than normal vaginal penetration," he told her, becoming more aggressive with his movements as her position forced her ass to open up more. "Though, when done right, it can potentially be quite pleasurable." He pulled his fingers out for a moment, quickly scooping up more lube before delving back inside her. "There's usually a lot of preparation that goes into it, but this should help speed things up a bit."

As he spoke, Elise started to feel a familiar heat emanating from where he rubbed her. "Tch," she grunted through the strain, her body beginning to squirm. "You've got to be kidding me..."

"The lubricant is an extract from the leaves of the Aphrodite Fern," Wilkins confirmed. "Though it was named a fern, the plant is actually more akin to a succulent. Very similar to a common aloe vera, in fact. Unlike the injections, which have been processed with many additional ingredients, the lube is a pure gel."

Wilkins hooked his fingers upward, making Elise's breath hitch in shock. He began to massage the area, rotating his fingers in a circular motion and adjusting the amount of pressure he applied. Slowly, her anus started to relax from the stimulation, the tendrils also easing their grip. "Hah... hah... wh-what are you doing?" she demanded through panting breaths once she could find her voice.

"Massaging your Skene's gland, an area that is homologous to the male prostate," Wilkins answered without stopping. "It is indirectly stimulating the other side of your G spot, which we were lucky to find last night."

Elise curled her hands into fists, clenching them hard enough to turn her knuckles white. She squeezed her eyes shut and grit her teeth, trying to ignore what was going on below her. It didn't appear as though the lube affected her whole body, just the spot it was being rubbed into, so she was at least able to think straight right now.

Wilkins frowned slightly at her reaction, pulling out to rest his hand before it started cramping. Elise gasped for air as she was allowed a moment to catch her breath, while the parasite writhed beneath him in dissatisfaction. "Let's try something else, while you're still young," he mused, stepping away from her for a few moments.

The tendrils also withdrew, and Elise gratefully let her legs drop back down. Ugh, they were already sore, and her ass felt like it was on fire due to the aphrodisiac. Still, she felt confident that she could bear through this. "I won't let you break me like you did last night," she declared.

"A bold proclamation," Wilkins replied with amusement. "I'll accept that challenge." He grabbed the object he was looking for and took it back to Elise, dangling it in front of her so she could get a good look at it. "I assume you know what this is, hmm?"

The item's flanged base and tapered head made it clear that it was a butt plug. Elise tensed up as she realized. "Why the Hell do you have something like that?" she snapped.

Wilkins shrugged, liberally coating the toy with the lubricant. "I've had a lot of time to prepare, and online shopping is a fascinating thing." The tendrils snaked around her legs again, returning her to her earlier position. "This will hurt if you remain so tense," he warned.

Elise was barely given a chance to relax her body before Wilkins began to push the plug inside her. It placed a painful amount of pressure on her walls, and it took a conscious effort to keep herself from clamping down on the foreign object. "How is this... supposed to feel good?" she questioned between labored breaths.
