 All characters are 18 years old or older.

*****

Yellowstone:

Miles above the Earth's surface Numenor Echo III hung in orbit over its target Yellowstone National Park. Its refined sensors scoured the area for the location of the power plant. The data received from the Watcher was quite specific about certain geological structures that would be critical for success. The satellite transmitted its data to the newly refurbished Echo Base in the Painted Desert. Below the surface of the desert a cluster of A.I.'s dedicated to crunching the Echo's data poured over it looking for the elusive elements needed to construct the geothermal plant. Nothing was left to chance and three human technicians scanned the same data hoping to see something the machines might have missed.

"Anything?" Karl asked closing his eyes and taking a break from staring at the holographic images.

"Nope," Zoe replied straightening up which was followed by the sound of her back popping.

"You and Robinson huh?" Karl asked with a sly grin.

"I never should have said anything. I was drunk and stupid when I told you that."

"I don't care Zoe," I said speaking through Gregory. Her expression was priceless.

"Greg... I heard a rumor that you could connect with him... I am sorry." Zoe apologized her cheeks red with shame.

"It's more complicated than that. I will explain later."

She smiled and returned her full attention as a new hologram appeared and she studied it. I was spending time helping them. Nick had repurposed Gregory to help in finding the site for Yellowstone as soon as possible. My growing mastery of bilocation had improved over the last few weeks. I could split my attention between Greg and Gregory with little effort now. It was a little surreal at times but kept me on my toes. I dismissed the current image for another when green lights began to flash, and an electronic alert came over the speakers. One of the A.I.s had done it. They had found our building site. After three weeks of sleepless nights and ungodly hours we were done. The real work began now.

We pulled up the location the A.I. had tracked on and began double checking the results. It could have been a false positive, it wasn't. It became clear that we had what we needed. Only then did we confirm with headquarters and set the wheels into motion. I watched the team cut lose and celebrate saving hundreds of thousands if not millions of lives. We were still racing the clock. Yellowstone was showing activity and we needed to beat it to the punch. I was amazed at how quickly party politics had been thrown out when, so many lives were on the line. The funding was taken from all the excesses that many governments refuse to admit. A new budget had to be adopted to push this project forward and I helped sculpt that budget. It drew mainly on black projects, military spending, and of course a huge unused entitlement called discretionary spending. 

Now that we had a site location, I had to finish translating the schematics for the vehicle that would lay the steel. In this case it would be the machine that spun the steel. The spider-like machine would exude molten steel from its spinnerets and weave webs of steel to form the base for the power plant. Much of the plant's structure would be created in this fashion. It would have a lighter but stronger foundation. I brought up the two holograms. One was the original alien design and the other was its terrestrial counterpart. Zoe plopped down in my lap causing a few of her coworkers to openly stare. She ignored them and asked me what I was working on.

"This is the worker bee that is going to form about sixty percent of the plant."

"Why a spider? I hate spiders."

"It allows for the spinning and weaving of the steel. The tensile strength is multiplied and allows us to use less steel just by the weaving technique alone."

"Okay, they don't tell us more than we need to know. I heard a rumor that the plant isn't just for power. Is that true?"

"Yeah, it will also mine the magma for materials giving the plant a twofold purpose. Think of what we can manufacture on the spot."

"I hear they already bought up old steel mills for the project."

I nodded. The steel mills had been purchased and reconfigured the moment the data had been translated. The metal required for the plant was a new steel alloy and after two weeks the first test bars had been fashioned. They were shipped off for testing. Once they passed, we would begin a full production run. We calculated that if would take six months for the steel for the infrastructure to be made ready. The seven plants were up and running while others were acquired for the project. If this worked key locations across the globe would benefit. Japan and Italy would be eager for this technology. I thought of the lives it would save. 

Despite the gift of knowledge from the Watcher, Nick had withdrawn almost completely from public life. I feared the words of the alien A.I. had struck home and he was searching for a cure to the human condition. How could one man bring the entire world together? I didn't know if it was possible. While we had two virgin worlds within our reach it would have been a sin to claim them. What kind of strategy was he contemplating? Could I come up with a scenario that could bring the many tribes of humanity together? It was a daunting task. First things first we needed to tackle the most immediate threats first.

I had not limited myself to searching for the Yellowstone site I was also seeking a way of intercepting the alien derelict that was fast approaching Watcher's asteroid. I needed a way of returning without Nick or NASA learning of my presence. My research took me in a surprising direction. Even as Zoe sat in my lap I delved deep into my memories. Those sometimes-shadowy recollections that might offer salvation. I needed to get aboard that ship. I needed to learn its secrets. It was a once in a lifetime, no, it was more than that. It was an opportunity that presented itself once in the life of an entire world. I would seize it no matter the cost. I turned my gaze inward and let my instinct guide me.

"I need to cross vast distances without the aid of ship or gate." I said and let the ripple of my desire spread outward.

"You have forgotten the basics Voidsinger." A voice replied. "You who have earned the favor of the Old Ones and benefited from their tutelage are found wanting."

"Is that you Kurelen?"

"Who else is so bold?" He replied with a laugh. "I was your teacher and your friend. What need burns so bright you would seek me out?"

"There is a ship, a derelict, that predates the J'Nai. I would have it and its secrets."

He stepped out of the shadows. It was Kurelen Nighthammer, Iru's brother. He looked splendid is his priestly robes. The triple light of the moons illuminated him. He was of the old blood and was tall and majestic as the gods whose blood flowed in his veins. He traced his lineage to the Phoenix King himself and because of that he wore crimson and gold. I reached out and clasped his arm. In this vision, I wore the livery of the Laughing God. We walked together upon the home world amidst gardens of ancient wraith bone trees. I remembered haunting this place a time far removed from the present. It was my favorite place and it was here that I first met Iru. Kurelen was speaking now. His voice a soft tenor that carried far in that darkling wood. 

"I miss her." He said speaking of his fallen sister. "She was so bright and strong. I thought she would live forever. She slew the Silent King and ended the Great War. Iru chose you as her sword brother. I think she picked the perfect person. You are so much like her you know. Hungry for the truth and willing to do whatever it takes to reveal it. I have taken you here for a reason Voidsinger. It is here you will find your solution."

He vanished but the trees remained. I walked a familiar path to a moon lit pool of contemplation. How many times had I stood here when I thought a lesson eluded me? It was the perfect place to decipher my dreams and find a way to the asteroid. I moved to the edge of the pool and looked upon its unbroken surface. It was like a mirror. But the J'Nai had no word for it. I cleared my thoughts and regarded the water. There, in the top of the trees, were the webs of the great spiders that called this forest home. The terrestrial descendants of the Old Ones. The solution presented itself, the web or in my case the strands. The great intergalactic roadway fashioned by the Old Ones and expanded upon by the J'Nai. It was that very same means I could use for my purpose. It wouldn't be easy, but it could be done.

I returned to Gregory and watched the festivities. Zoe was still in my lap and was sipping champagne from a plastic cup. The wine was inexpensive, but it did its work. She was whispering in my ear that she wanted to make up for bragging about bedding me. I glanced around the lab at the others and smiled. I slid an arm around Zoe and asked her how bad she wanted it. Her body began to quiver and that was answer enough for me. I placed my hand on her leg and she looked over her shoulder at me. I slid my hand under her skirt and I watched her expression change. The look of pleasant shock changed to bliss as she chewed her lip in anticipation. I nudged her panties to the side and traced her labia with my index finger.

"Are you serious?" She gasped as I teased her.

"Abso-fucking-lutely," I replied. "I can stop if you want."

"No," she said looking around to see if anyone was watching us. "God no, it's been so damn long."

"What are you reading?" I asked as I eased two fingers into her snug sex.

"Manga..." she said her voice cracking as she picked up and opened the book. "One of the soldiers picked it up for me. You're killing me Greg."

"What's with the eyes?" I asked as I began moving my fingers.

Zoe lost the power of speech and I decided it was time to make things interesting. I freed the erection her proximity had inspired. Her eyes went wide, and she asked me what I was doing. I told her I was going to fuck her, and she looked around frantically. I waited until no one was watching before I lifted her up, held her panties to the side and impaled her on my cock. The motion went unnoticed by all but the A.I.'s that I cautioned to remain silent. Zoe let out a soft yelp of surprise when she suddenly found her pussy full of hard cock.

"I can't believe you did that." She moaned as she made slow circles with her hips.

"I can't believe how wet you are. Damn you are tight..."

"Just the memory of that time together gets me all hot and bothered. Oh god you feel so good inside of me. It's torture to have you inside of me and I can't ride you like I want."

"There's no hurry." I said, and she hid her face behind the magazine. "You're trembling Zoe, do you like my cock?"

"Uh huh." She whispered. "So long... so thick... are you going to bend me over something?"

"Eventually," I replied my lips by her ear.

I placed my hand over her pubic region and teased Zoe's clit with my index finger. I heard the soft noises she was making as her hips moved. I kept an eye out on the others in the room, but they seemed too busy with celebrations to watch us. 

I kissed her in full view of the others and they left feeling awkward at our sudden intimacy. Zoe kissed me back and tugged up her blouse. I slid my hands from behind and cupped her tits as she began to ride me slowly. If Zoe was worried about being caught, she tossed that out the window when she bent over the work surface and begged me to take over. I stood behind her and did as she asked. I pounded her hard and fast and remotely locked the doors just in case. I hated interruptions, and this was just too good to end badly. Her body shook violently as she climaxed, and I stopped to let her catch her breath. I flipped her onto her back and watched her eyes roll up when I slid back inside of her.

"So big..." she whimpered as I began to move. "I have missed you so much."

I moved my hips faster and her back arched. She managed to bury the scream in her throat as she came a second time so close to the first. I never relented since I was on the verge of my own climax. This body wanted to come for the first time. I told Zoe that she had taken Gregory's virginity and that just flicked a switch inside of her. She was the one urging me to climax. She was ordering me to fill her pussy with cum. I liked this side of her. This little spitfire was all business and hungry for pleasure. I kissed her to keep from screaming as my orgasm slammed into me. I stood there for a long time kissing her and savoring the feel of her wrapped around me. All things come to an end and I slowly pulled out.

"I want to follow you." Zoe said. "I love working here but my gut tells me you are the future."

"I need your help then. I have funds set aside. I need someone to set up a think tank. If you want to help, I need you to get it up and running."

"I am going to need a carrot to get them interested." 

"I have just the thing. Once you have ended your contract here, I will send you the file. It will blow them away I promise. I have a ship to catch."

I had the core of a plan it was now time to flesh it out and set it in motion. I put Gregory on autopilot and focused on Greg. It was so strange possessing two fully functional bodies. The constant hopping back and forth was tiring at first but now it was as easy as breathing. The psychic connection allowed me to toggle from one to the other with ease. I think at some point I will be able to run them both simultaneously. While my surroundings were the same, but my companions had changed since I first slept. My mother, I mean Bethany, and Rhea had shared my bed. But now I had the changelings on either side. Aislinn was on my left side and Shelby on my right. They were naked beneath the covers and quite awake. Shelby ran fingers along my bare chest while Aislinn was far more aggressive. Her hand wrapped around my dormant cock. I smiled and let them instigate things while I fine-tuned my plan. It was going to be one of those nights.

Leap of Faith:

The helicopter landed on the superyacht. Akira was there to greet me. I had sent word ahead but didn't receive any reply. Nick had delegated the day to day business of running Numenor to his sister Kat. Akira looked haggard as if she hadn't been sleeping well. I suppose none of us were for assorted reasons. She embraced me and took me down to the main deck. Nick was in the middle of a weapon kata. I watched his form and smiled at how far he had progressed since the last time we had sparred. He finished, and I saw the sweat glistening off his chest and arms. He set down the sword and glared at me. He was angry that I had come without his inviting me. He grabbed a towel and he headed for the pool. I followed with Akira close behind. He stripped down at the edge of the pool and dove in. I sat and waited for him patiently. Akira served tea while I waited.

"He has been in a dark mood for so long. He will not share his burden. Maybe you can talk to him."

I watched as Nick swam lap after lap. He was on his seventeenth turnaround when I felt the intense psychic chill. For a moment, I feared it was the Crawling Chaos onboard the yacht. The woman appeared from the other side of the pool and wore a threadbare micro bikini. It was difficult to determine its color from its lack of pigmentation and the woman's pale skin. I thought it was the Moritai priestess returned from her stay with Jon Masters. I got a better look at her and she was taller and more attractive than the fallen J'Nai. 

"Are we really going to do this again?" She was saying. "World hopping is such a dreary and tedious affair... oh Nikki you didn't tell me you had company. Ooh, you brought me a J'Nai to play with, how thoughtful."

"My name is..." I began when her thoughts gently brushed mine. "Fine."

Our surface thoughts mingled, and we learned much about one another. She learned I wanted to intercept the alien derelict and I wanted a week off. I learned she was an ancient non-terrestrial goddess who was one of Nick's current fuck buddies. He had the most amazing friends. I was curious about how they had met, and she shared the memory. She had been held as a slave in the Middle East under some seriously heavy wards and enchantments. Nick stumbled upon her by accident and freed her with extreme prejudice. She had been his guest since then. When I thought about where she came from, I saw a blue planet with a much smaller sun rising on its horizon. 

"What solar system is that?" I asked, and she laughed.

"This one silly boy," she replied. "I was born on Mars. Well that is what the humans call it. We never called it that of course. My name is Illitu and I am the last of my kind. Nikki was kind enough to free me, but you saw that. I fled 'Mars' when a rather large piece of sky rock smashed into my home. I ended up here. Not on the yacht but on the Earth. Of course, that was billions of years ago. I have endured a great deal over the passage of eons, just like Jon. He was one of my first great loves. Nikki has earned a place in my lust. I've never enjoyed the pleasures of a J'Nai. Does Nikki know? I will keep it a secret if that is the case. I am rambling again. MMMMM... you smell like sex... can we fuck later... cause baby I will rock your world. Oh, Hi Nikki... you are naked!"

"Illy... I asked you to stay below decks. Greg this is Illy... she is... well... fuck... Pfft... she is the last Martian god. There I said it, why are you here Greg?!"

"I need a week off." I said and waited for the firestorm that never came.

"Okay, jeez dude all you needed to do was ask."

"Nick, I have tried for the last two weeks but you won't answer any form of communication I have sent your way." I said and should have stopped there but I didn't. "What the fuck is going on?!"

"I can't tell you. Take all the time off you need. I am sure Aislinn can handle it. You may want to warn the White House though. I don't think she is ready for that. Illy get out of my head. Fine, I will invite him to meal. Let me get dressed... I told you... we will have a snack in the hot tub. Illy wants to see what kind of tool is in your shed."

I agreed, and I stripped down and followed Nick, Akira, and Illy to the hot tub. We settled in and Illy seemed happy with my biology. I asked her about the culture on her home world. I purposely avoided the word Mars. She described a singular race that wanted for little because of their highly developed technology and genetics. Her worshippers had spent thousands of years developing their understanding of the universe as well as tinkering with their own evolution. In the end, they had merged with their technology and launched their genetics into the void to maintain their race memory. When she mentioned that I asked if she knew anything about the builders of the alien derelict. I showed her a display of the ship and she looked at Nick.

"Nikki has already asked me about that and the Anunnaki. I knew them very well. They had come to Idris to see if my followers wanted their help. While the others of my kin took affront at the audacity of the Anunnaki, I found them generous and genuine. It is my nature I suppose. I was the bringer of children and the hunger for the flesh. My Terran counterpart would be Venus or Aphrodite. I survive thanks to the lust that is strong in humanity. I have never been as strong as I am now. As for the ship, it belongs to the Progenitors. That is what the Anunnaki called them. They were one of the most ancient sentients that arose in the galaxy. Their biology gave them a unique perception of the universe and its secrets. I used to offer my services as goddess to the males among the Anunnaki in exchange for stories of the races they had encountered. The Progenitors were the least known and understood of the ancients. Most of the tales were speculation on the few remnants of the technology left behind." 
