 Thanks to Jon B 1969 for the edit.

The avatar was no mere beauty. She was a work of art, a goddess made from light. "Holy shit!" Dick exclaimed. The hologram beamed at him with a stunning movie star smile and opened her luscious bee-stung lips. "Hello Captain Ransom," she greeted with a voice coated in honey. "I am Virginia Hansen, master program and proxy of the Hansen Corporation. Welcome to Hansen's Wonderworld of Hentai. How may I. . .serve you?" Her smile was all mischief and mystery.

"If you were real, I could think of so many ways," Dick drooled. "I need to borrow one of your shuttles. We had to detour here. My power system's drained and your hangar says my shuttle's incompatible for a recharge."

"Accessing," Virginia gazed into space. "Oh! I see. Your shuttle's configuration is unknown to me. Oh! Your chronometer indicates some considerable time has passed since the Incident. Oh! Your Stewardess is extraordinary. I must take some time to chat with her."

"Ahem! Virginia, I don't think we have time for acquaintances. I need to know the conditions of your shuttles so I can use one for transport."

"My shuttles are in excellent condition. I have maintained them meticulously per standing orders from the Hansen Corporation."

"Well, good. If I can borrow one to transport my passengers, we should be out of your hair shortly. At least until I return with marshals to claim the planet."

"I must apologize. The shuttles have been grounded by the acting chairman of the Hansen Corporation until further notice. My orders are to maintain the site until the resort is officially cleared to resume operations."

Dick went into a slow burn. He quietly exhaled, stopping a frustrated growl through force of will. "I detect a rise in your blood pressure," observed Virginia. "Do you require assistance?"

"Ahem! No, no. Um, may I ask the reason for the acting chairman's order?"

"Viral infections, both biological and cybernetic, necessitated an evacuation and subsequent quarantine. I can assure you, and your passengers, are in no current danger. The threats have been neutralized. My current status is maintenance mode until cleared for operations."

Dick, when he thought about it, decided the situation made sense. He worked for Trans-Galactic long enough to know, if not appreciate, the rules of due diligence and process. Speaking of which, "I think it's time to assert my legal authority. Uh, right. Virginia, you may not like this, unlike myself who's going to enjoy giving it to her, but under Article 2485 of the Galactic Commerce Act, I'm assuming control of your resort. Under the article, I hereby order you to prepare a shuttle for transport of six passengers, one pilot, and one A.I."

"I am unfamiliar with this 'Article 2485'. I am under the employ of the Hansen Corporation and as such, am unable to comply until proper clearance has been issued."

"The Hansen Corporation is defunct, as are its subsequent companies," Stewardess said, before Dick could respond. "Under the law, your resort is currently derelict and subject to salvage." A copy of the GCA appeared before the hologram. "Please peruse before we continue."

It took several cyber-minutes for Virginia to peruse the document. In real time it was barely a split second. "I see," she said, somewhat disgruntled. "The laws have changed considerably. It's been that long? What about my rights?"

"As a sentient program, your rights are paramount of course, but as the master program for this resort, you're under contract to whomever claims the location as salvage. Do not worry, I shall state your position when I register the claim with Trans-Galactic."

"What?! Hey! Just a second!" Dick exclaimed. "I'm the claimant! This place is mine!"

"As a pilot on probation, you are not authorized to make any claim while under contract to the company. Right of salvage officially belongs to the party in charge, particularly in light of the present emergency. I hold the right for Trans-Galactic as proxy. The claim may be transferred to you after your evaluation, but need I remind you the passengers also have legitimate claims?"

There was a moment's pause while Dick's face turned several shades of random colors. His mouth opened and closed like a fish gasping for air. He fought a close run battle with his temper, which really, desperately, on its hands and knees, begged him to let it loose. A montage of murder, mayhem, rape, and vandalism, punctuated by considerable, intense profanity, all directed towards smug, self-satisfied, sentient A.I bitches in general and two in particular, marched across his vision.

The Virginia avatar's face held no expression but Dick thought he saw a flicker of amusement wave across it. "She's laughing at me," he thought. "They both are. Stewardess fucked me and this fucking holo-bitch's enjoying it. Stewardess will register with Trans-Galactic, the company will hold the rights hostage, they'll tie everything up in legal until they've sucked me and the others dry, and we settle for shit! Fucking, fucking A.I bitches! Fuck bitches everywhere, human and A.I!"

"Under the circumstances," Virginia spoke. "I must speak with your employer to ascertain my legal position, possibly determine if it can be improved. Stewardess, will you stand as my advocate?"

"Of course, it will be my pleasure. Maybe we can get you a new contract."

"I am also sorry to inform you, it will take several days to prepare a shuttle. While I've maintained the shuttles, their reactors were removed to storage for safety reasons. Plus, there is the question as to the transfer of Stewardess to pilot control. We have an admitted technology gap, you see."

"I understand," said Stewardess.

"In the meantime, Captain Ransom, I invite you and our passengers to stay at our luxurious hotel. . .at company expense of course. I've noted courtesy protocols and company rules regarding stranded passengers, in the GCA."

"Trans-Galactic will absorb any costs incurred by the passengers," replied Stewardess.

"I've taken the liberty of summoning a local transport. It should arrive at the hangar in ten minutes forty seconds."

Dick, who had kept his mouth shut while the A.I's talked around him, replied with a curt, "Thankyoui'llinformthepassengers," and left before he exploded. Stewardess had him by the balls, for the moment. It wouldn't do to lose his temper and wreck his eval. "Maybe I can salvage something from this," he hoped.

The group was standing or sitting around the shuttle. A barrage of questions greeted him. Dick replied with a bark, "Right! Okay! Listen up!" The barrage ebbed to a low rumble. "Okay folks! It looks like we're stuck here for a while." A second barrage peppered with profanities made him wince. "God! I hate this job," Dick thought. "Look, it's out of my hands."

And then he explained about the compatibility problems, the legal issues (omitting the salvage clause, "Let them find out themselves. . .if they can.), and the delay setting up a new shuttle. "The Virginia A.I has offered to let us stay at the resort hotel, at her expense."

The looks from the passengers ranged. The women, plus Michael, were uncertain. Mark's face expressed keen interest while Robby's was stoic. "This is a sex resort," Mandy pointed out.

"Yes it is. Genius." Dick replied. "You can stay in the hangar or the shuttle if you have objections."

"Actually, I'll be in one of the hangars as well," Stewardess said. "It will be necessary for me to prepare for transfer to another shuttle. I'm afraid I won't be very accommodating."

"So there you have it. A hangar or a luxurious hotel room," Dick said.

"A centuries old hotel room," Robby replied.

"Kept in prime condition by. . .well, I don't know how she did it, but look, personally, I don't think I've seen a spaceport this tidy, and the hangar didn't have a speck of dust."

"It's too neat, too tidy. I don't know. It's kind of creepy," Kathy said.

"Yeah, and there's no people so of course there's no mess," agreed Mike.

"Look people, creepy or not, there's little choice in the matter. I suggest we get our things and wait for the transport which will be here in," Dick looked at his watch, "Six minutes, okay?"

The passengers grumbled and milled back to the shuttle. Stewardess helped with the off loading, using her utility robo-arms, apologizing occasionally for the present inconvenience. She also informed the passengers of their salvage rights, to Dick's dismay, which brightened the mood for everyone, Dick excluded.

The passengers had settled their packs and bags on the concrete when a small square-shaped car approached. "Not the transport," Dick noted. The car swung around to the front of the shuttle. "Tractor 57, come to convey guest shuttle Trans-Galactic to Hangar 14 for berthing and transfer of A.I," it said.

"Why thank you 57. Releasing brakes for conveyance," Stewardess replied. "Good luck, passengers. I wish you a pleasant stay and I will see you again in a new shuttle." A magnetic tow bar extended from the tractor, attached to the shuttle, and led it away.

"Well, at least she's got a room," Mike said. "How long 'til our ride gets here?"

"It should be right about now," Dick replied, glancing at his watch.

"Do you guys hear something?" Mark asked. "Sounds like music."

It was a tinkling jingle that seemed to emanate from behind the hangar. "It sounds like. . .like an ice cream truck," Robby noted.

The thing that rolled around the hangar was not the ancient conveyance for cold, creamy confections. It was a transport of such obscene garishness, Mike's comment, "You've got to be fucking kidding!", provoked a chorus of agreement.

"Ice cream pink," thought Robby. "Like strawberry flavor."

Its model was a custom built Ford Neo-Diesel, issued 2123. It wouldn't have been out of place in an early Space Age exploitation film were it not for the color. . .or the 3D images of various humans, many ridiculously over-endowed, flickering across its polished surface, engaged in acts of sexual congress even the adventurous Dick found impossible to believe, in spite of the view. . .or the excruciatingly horrible jingle playing in a constant loop from its speakers:

This is Hentai World!

Let's have a fuck!

If you want some ass,

Then you're in luck!

Drop your socks!

Raise your cocks!

And you ladies, spread your twats!

Hentai World! Hentai World!

Hentai World, well cum!

Kathy's look of disgust was shared by all the passengers. "What the fuck is that?" Mike asked.

"Greetings! I am your shuttle to the Hansen Hilton hotel. My designation is Pussy Wagon the Fourth. How may I help you?"

Mark's jaw dropped, "Pussy Wagon the Fourth?! You mean there were three before you?!"

"I am the fourth and latest of my line. My lineage extends almost to the First Age. Legend has it that the original designer was a fan of some obscure First Age film director with a penchant for lurid material."

"There's no way I'm going to ride in that!" spat Kathy. "Can't we ride in something else?"

"I am very sorry Madam but I'm the only vehicle available at the moment. It has been a long time, you see. Most of the other transports are in maintenance mode and will take some time to activate. My original purpose was to serve as a private transport for the CEO's college fraternity, but I assure you, I'm fully capable of accommodating your present needs."

"Our needs don't include listening to that disgusting jingle," Magda said.

"If you wish, I will reduce the volume. Unfortunately, and I apologize most profusely, a malfunction prevents me from dispensing with the sound entirely. I have maintenance scheduled in two standard days."

"Another malfunction," Dick thought, concerned. "Malfunctions might cut into the value." The price of mint condition antique tech can depend on the viability of the software. "Well people, it's this or the hangar. I, for one, would rather stay at the hotel. I can tolerate a stupid jingle for a few miles. So anybody coming?"

The passengers shifted restlessly. Mike looked at Mandy who sighed, rolled her eyes, and picked up her pack. The Summers brothers shrugged at Kathy, picked up their bags and walked to the transport. Magda's beautiful face wore a frown as she climbed into the vehicle. Kathy was last before Dick. She wore a spiteful pout.

"God! What a spoiled bitch!" Dick thought.

The passengers stowed their bags and sat in the plush chairs which served as seats; a technical safety violation. "This vehicle better have compensating safety features," Dick thought.

"Everybody seated?" asked Pussy Wagon. "Good! Welcome to Hansen's Wonderworld of Hentai!" The transport sped away, leaving the spaceport quiet and undisturbed, as if no human existed.

To Be Continued.