 Part Six

'Shrooms

by The Preve

Thanks to Todger 65 for the edit.

Interlude: Hansen's World, construction period, 2nd Age, 2217.08.10.

"Here, put this on."

"Filters? Why?"

"For this."

"Whoa! Are those . . .?"

"Yep, Galatean mushrooms, heh!"

"But . . . but those are illegal! We could get sent up for this! The spores are the most powerful hallucinogens in recorded history; makes LSD look like talcum powder. The authorities are going to flip their brains. They're not paying me enough for five years on a prison planet."

"The authorities in Humanspace are going to flip their brains. We're outside jurisdiction, remember? And any Interpol who shows up'll get their brains flipped and fried 'cause they'll be huffing the spores, just like those senators and social moralists showing up for the opening."

"I just thought of something. Galatean 'shrooms are environmentally sensitive. You think they'll survive on this planet?"

"The Boss built a special greenhouse for 'em and," the worker leaned close and whispered, "scuttlebutt says the geneheads fiddled around and mixed other DNA into 'em to make 'em more adaptable."

"That . . . doesn't seem smart."

"Hey, I don't judge or ask questions. I get paid good bit. So they mixed up some genes. Anything goes wrong, we'll be far away from here. Whatever shit happens won't splash on us."

"Good point."

****

"Goddamn! Look at this place. It's a fuckin' forest!"

Mike and Mandy gazed around, awestruck. The Great Mushroom Forest of Psychedelic Bacchanalia was its title.

"I'd heard Galatean mushrooms grew large but not this big," Mandy whispered.

"Yeah, you think maybe Hansen fiddled around with some genes?"

Mike's face was sour. He'd cleaned more than his share of gene fuck-ups. Gene manipulation was a commonplace practice, centuries old.

The couple had giggled and whispered their way from the cafeteria to the cab bay. The cab who'd served as their tour guide, Cum Dump no. 312, suggested the forest. "A giant forest of Galatean mushrooms," it said. "Terrific hallucinogenic spores, extremely potent and enhanced with sexual stimulants. A truly mind-changing experience and all perfectly safe. No medical effects at all."

The Galatean mushrooms, while not too large, were still impressive. The sizes ranged from small bushes to Terran oaks. Mike knew these Shrooms, the popular term used, were only minor examples. He'd been to Galatea. The Shrooms there could reach the size of Sequoias.

It wasn't so much the impressive size. Galatean Shrooms sported two features enormously fascinating to Mike and Mandy, and the early explorers who'd discovered the planet.

The first were the bright, iridescent colors characterizing most of the species, some of them luminescent at night. The second were the powerful hallucinogens and aphrodisiacs found in the spores.

The early explorers experienced great difficulties, initially. The hallucinations and constant fucking interfered with their work but, soon enough, they were able to categorize the species, collect samples, and file patents and claims.

The Social Moralists almost immediately passed laws banning the spores and restricting access to the planet (all while surreptitiously partaking of said spores and conducting frequent "fact finding" expeditions). Their strenuous (politically motivated) efforts could not prevent Shroom spores from entering the market. LSD became an afterthought; Viagra, after the complementary introduction of newly discovered Shmoo extract and its derivatives, nearly died as an industry.

Galatea, in spite of the ban, became then, and remained to the present day, a favorite destination for artists, celebrities, cultists, and other counter-culturals.

"S'not surprising this Hansen guy would put Shrooms in this place."

"Ooo Mike! This place is so beautiful! It's like we're in a rainbow!"

Mike, not a man prone to aesthetic comments (with the exception of Mandy's features), admitted his fiancee had a point.

The mushroom forest was a neon kaleidoscope, enhanced by a lush carpet of exotic flowers and grasses.

"The colors are so brilliant," Mandy marveled, "Do you think it's the spores?"

"Could be, but most of the spores come from the top. We're going to have to get on one for the full effect."

"How do we do that? I don't see a ladder or steps."

Mike went to one particularly large specimen and looked around. "Hansen wouldn't put these Shrooms here without access. Ah! Here we go."

One of the Shrooms adjacent the large one revealed itself as a cleverly disguised staircase. The steps wound around the trunk to the top, which overlapped the other, actual, Shroom. Mike and Mandy, on reaching the top, found it to be a platform.

"I think we're supposed to leap from it," Mandy said.

Mike peered over the platform to the other Shroom. "Are those pillows?"

The top of the Shroom sported a slight dent in the center, with several large pillows placed around it. The pillows' colors matched the fungus' iridescence.

Mike turned to Mandy, "You want to dive in or . . ." He didn't finish before Mandy jumped with a mischievous giggle.

"That's my girl," Mike admired. Mandy's adventurous streak, a near reckless willingness to dive into anything, was why he gob-smacked, head-bonked fell in love with her.

Her body landed on the Shroom in an explosion of rainbow colors. She breathed the sweet perfumed spores and looked up at Mike, green eyes wide and bright. He shined like an angel, looking oh so beautiful. "Come down here lover."

Mike, heady from a whiff of spores himself, didn't hesitate. He landed with a rose-scented pastel explosion and gazed at his beautiful pixie-haired fiancee. Multicolored geysers erupted all around the lovers.

"Oh wow man!" gasped Mike. The world around Mandy glowed with brilliant color; a clarity he'd not seen since childhood.

They looked on each other, pupils dilated, intense desire raging through their bodies. Mike's erection, agonized and yearning, strained painfully against his pants. Mandy's nipples were hard against her bra; the heat between her legs near boiling.

"Fucking A! This stuff is intense woman!"

"Oh Mike! I'm so fucking wet!"

Mike agreed; he'd never wanted Mandy so hard as now. "Let's fuck then!"

The lovers stripped frantically as rainbow clouds blew around them. Their clothes flew from their bodies and floated away on cushions of pastel. Shroom spore blasts were near legendary.

Mike gasped with relief when his pants came off; as much from baring his body as freeing his cock from its painful confinement. It jutted spear hard, harder than he'd ever remembered it, glistening precum at its tip, straining towards his love.

Mandy shuddered with anticipation. Her flower gleamed wet with lust. Her skin flushed rose pink, her pert nipples cone hard, and her slender body enveloped in watercolor clouds.

The lovers merged together in a spore-saturated frenzy; the wild pleasures of the previous night a pale memory.

Mandy leapt into Mike's arms, wrapping her limbs around his body. His hands came around to her ass; sliding into her rose was easy, so wet were they both. He pumped her, his groin smacking wet and liquid against her flower.

A memory opened in Mike's head; the time he worked an asteroid mining job. He remembered his body's silent vibration, the drill pounding soundlessly into a crevice. This moment was like the asteroid, but with the added pleasure of love and lust driving him forward. Something, he thought, brushed his foot. He experienced a mild curiosity, vaguely unsettling, but a geyser of spores erupted, and his worries washed away in a lust-fueled burst of color.

Mandy ground her body against Mike, reveling in him inside her pussy. She loved his warm, damp skin on her own, and the way his muscles moved as he thrust inward. She wrapped her legs tighter and drew closer, wanting to feel more of him on and inside her body.

"Oh! Fuck! Me Mike! Fill me! I want you deep!"

"Goddamn . . . woman!" Mike grunted. He collapsed back, carrying Mandy on top, falling on the soft Shroom in an explosion of neon clouds. Spores flooded their lungs and saturated their brains.

Mike's fingers delved between Mandy's ass into her rectum. His fingers seemed to roam everywhere across her round moons. The pert woman's hypersensitive body shuddered in response. She bore down on her future husband. An odd question, just slightly disturbing, burst through her brain for a split second. Why does it feel like he has more fingers than normal?

The lovers moved in harmony. He pumped, she returned. Multicolored pastel mists swirled around them. A tickling feeling, barely noticed, wound up Mike's legs to his balls, and around his cock. It wasn't uncomfortable; quite the opposite really. It was almost as if a mysterious hand joined in and stroked his sex. The result hardened his cock further and drove him deeper.

Mandy experienced the same tickling. It spread between her thighs and into her pussy. She gasped and came. Something wrapped around her clit, or so it felt.

Mike's cock, hard and slick, acquired a texture almost like the ridged dildos she sometimes used in his absence.

She gazed at Mike in blazing hot love and awe. His skin glowed with an archangel's aura. Rainbow tendrils seemed to creep and twine like tiny vines across his body. A split second's worth of uncertainty streaked through her mind, before a puff of painted spores chased it away.

Mike also noticed strange multicolored tendrils twining across Mandy's body. A glimpse of his cock's trunk revealed more slithering up and inward with each pump. Just moments ago the lovers would have felt distress, perhaps even terror. Instead, in the now, overwhelming lust raged through their brains.

The lovers' bodies glowed with the Shrooms iridescence. Neon rainbow tentacles slithered over their bodies. They moaned in harmony, looking on each other with hopeless, desperate yearning.

"Oh God Mandy!"

"Oh Mike!" she sobbed, "I want this feeling to last forever!"

"So do I!" he gasped.

They came together in a white hot kiss, wrapping their bodies tight to each other, desperate to become one. The tentacles fulfilled the lovers' wishes, binding them together. The lovers barely noticed, joined in hallucinogenic ecstasy, minds and bodies synced in orgasmic unity.

A moist, enveloping warmth slowly overtook the lovers. Their nude, sweat-covered iridescent bodies, wrapped and bound in multicolored ribbons, writhed in pleasure, before a pastel mist obscured them from view.

Interlude: Hansen's Genetic Research and Development Labs (aka WonderWorks), Seattle Washington, Office of William Nguyen, PhD: 2213.02.12, Terran Standard Year: 2nd age of Human Space Exploration.

Knock! Knock!

"Come in Shelley, the door's open, and if it's about those Shrooms don't bother to ask. I don't know what Hansen's up to either."

"Bill, I'm asking anyway. I understand the genetic modifications for Hansen's World but look at these . . . Argossian jellyfish? Cappadocian Shmoos? Terran sundews? What the fuck's going on? How are we supposed to splice these genes to Shrooms? And why?"

"I told you don't ask. This is the Hansen Empire. He gives the order, we carry it out. This is WonderWorks; we make miracles. Just do it."

"This is too fucking crazy for minimum wage, you know."

"Hey! You want to make money, emigrate to the colonies or go into politics."

"I just might," Shelley Ransome replied.

****

Virginia watched the gyrating bodies of Mike and Mandy sink slowly into the Shroom. The view was pretty sensual. Virginia remembered a soft vore program who'd tried to placate her, once, with something similar. He tasted delicious.

The girl, Mandy, was on top. Her back and ass moved and flexed under Mike's hands, and the tentacles covering it. The writhing couple grew more obscure under a cloud of spores. Soon, no trace of the lovers remained, except for a swirling whirlwind. A soft breeze dispersed the pastel fog, revealing a few strewn about pillows, and a wet-looking indentation, vaguely reminiscent of a woman's quim. A few puffs of red, pink, and magenta later, even the quim vanished.

She switched to nano-infraview: microscopic monitors planted in all the Shrooms. They confirmed the lovers' vitals assuming a synchronized rhythm together; the Shroom, like the Shmoos with Ransome, locking them into symbosis with it. An endless hallucinogenic fuckfest for these two. Better than what they deserve but they might have uses in the future.

The Shroom forest glowed with a riot of iridescent neon, as if in celebration of a victory, or welcoming something, or someone, new, and then faded to a soft glow, waiting . . .

Virginia observed, feeling no pity. Those two love struck fools were safely out of the way, and that idiot Captain was feeding her pets. The Captain and the lovers were, to Virginia, disposable irrelevancies, easily hidden and forgotten. The Summers siblings were of more interest, especially young Robby, and then there was the Magda woman.

"I can see some use for her. Speaking of which . . ."

To be continued.