 Another story that just wouldn't get out of my head. There will be at least one more part, maybe more depending on how things go. Comments and criticism are always welcome. All characters are over age 18. 

***** 

Enchanted shackles around my wrists were all that was keeping me from breaking the neck of this creature in front of me. no chains were attached to the manacles, but that fact did not help me as I stared at the red eyes before me with hatred. Dark elves are always haughty when they have the upper hand, but this one could do nothing more than berate the 'merchandise' in front of him; though I can't say that I was worth looking at in my current condition anyways. I'm not large, only 6' and at 130 lbs., the term 'ox' or 'brute', common derogatory terms used by the elven kind to describe us humans, don't really apply to me, as the merchant was finding out quite well right now. 

"Come now, he's worth at least 100, I had to drag him all the way from the borderlands, fresher product you'll find nowhere else." 

"bah!" the dark elf in my sight exclaimed, spitting in my face, then jumping back as I struggled with my magical bindings to get my hands around his scrawny neck. "He's got too little muscle on him, I can likely carry more than he can." 

"I assure you he plenty strong, took four of us to subdue him when we captured him. He was part of a patrol group, the only to survive, he's quite capable I guarantee." I attempted once more to get ahold of the jackass looking me over, before the merchant had had enough; giving an invocation he watched in disdain as fire ran through my veins from the enchanted iron that held me in place. 

"You should teach him some respect first, before trying to pawn him off on decent folk." The dark elf sneered. His eyes burned as black as his soul as he stared, and I raged at my inability to do anything. 

"Show me decent folk and I'll show them some respect, you slime." I growled, and then winced as he kicked me in the side of the head. As the arrogant elf finally walked off the merchant shook his own head. "that's the third one today. What in the Veil am I supposed to do with you?" he asked. 

" I got an idea, take these cuffs off me and let me go." I snarled holding my hands up to him as much as I could, but the merchant, also a dark elf, simply snorted and ignored me. "Or at least quit lying to everyone; there was no patrol as you well know, and what kind of sorry piece of shit attacks a sleeping hunter four-to-one anyways!?" I demanded, earning another, longer round of 'fireblood' for my question. 

Two water nymphs, a wood elf, and even a plains elf stopped by the stall to sample the wares, the wood elf even bought the bow that had been stripped from me upon my capture, bartering away even as I burned in my cuffs, though not one of them even looked twice in my direction; disciplined slaves weren't uncommon anywhere on Angea, but I had believed even the basest of sentient creatures would look down on this kind of torture. Imagine a torch being held to your skin all through your body and you'd have a small idea of what I was dealing with. 

As I finally regained a measure of relief, a commotion began at the other side of the market square. Apparently a young plains elf had gotten herself into a bit of trouble when she had grabbed a beautifully crafted set of ruby and emerald jewels set in a crescent moon Hairpin from a rather cross wood elf, and from the venom he was spitting in her direction, he did not believe she was willing to pay for them. The young elf's ears were burning red as she was berated and threatened by the portly wood elf (yes, believe it or not, some of the elven kind are unable to retain the slim figures their race is renowned for, even with their magic.) 

"You filthy, thieving cur, I'll have your hands for this!" the wooded elf screeched, his face mere inches from the young waif's. 

"I assure you sir, my family has a standing account with you-" I smiled at how respectful she was being, even while I could see the anger working behind her eyes as she tried to reason with the sour merchant. 

The wood elf, however would not hear a word. "A liar as well!" he exclaimed. "I have no accounts with any of you plains elves; for this reason right here!" he screamed snatching the wrist still holding the gems up as if showing proof of her treachery, nearly dangling the tiny 5' tall elf's frame till she had to stand on her toes to reach the ground, before snatching his treasure from her grasp and throwing it back onto his table. 

The girl had had enough and tore her hand free, glowering at the offender. " I may be a plains elf, but my mother is of the Elwonê high elf clan, and once she hears of how you've been treating me-" she did not get a chance to finish her sentence as with a growl the wood elf backhanded her across the square. She hit the stall of my dark elf merchant, splitting her lip, before hitting the ground hard just a few feet away, eliciting a curse from my dark elf captor, even as she spit blood onto the ground. As she raised her head our eyes met for the briefest of moments, before the wood elf grabbed her by the back of the neck, hauling her to her feet once more. 

At this point elves were not among my favorite species of creatures, but there was no way I could sit still and watch this girl get beaten. While the enchantments on my manacles would not allow me to extend my arms out more than three or four inches, or raise them above chest height, they did allow me to stand and walk with only the slightest of difficulty, so while my captor was preoccupied with protecting his wares from the ruckus, I was able to reach my feet unnoticed. Before the wood elf could strike the helpless girl again, I barreled right into him, slamming my shoulder into his stomach with as much force as I could muster. We slammed back into his table display, snapping the table like a twig and ended up on the ground covered in his wares, before the dark elf over me could remember the invocation to disable me. 

As I burned on the ground, the wood elf disentangled himself and stood, stomping and kicking me against the screams of the plains elf. I could barely even feel the blows over the burning beneath my skin, but was grateful nonetheless when my captor finally stopped the assault. As I was dragged back to my selling block a loud clear voice pierced through the mayhem, silencing everyone. 

"What is the meaning of this!?" a beautiful, high elf was striding through the crowd, her emerald green eyes locked firmly on the tiny plains elf. The High elf stopped just between us all, her golden complexion seeming to lighten the entire area as she towered over us all, drawing a small crowd from the nearby stalls. Everything was so quiet that for a moment I could hear the crashing of the distant shoreline waves. 

The wood elf was the first to speak, pushing the girl out of his way even as she tried to speak, so the girl instead came and knelt at my side, curiously looking me over. "Lady Elwonê...This street rat attempted to steal from me, madam, then went as far as to use your family name to hide her crime-" 

"She is no street rat you impetuous mongrel, she is my adoptive daughter, sent here to do business with you. My crest is clear upon her hand had you bothered to pay attention!" the high elf seethed, backing the wood elf into the shambles of his stall. Everyone in earshot was surprised, even I had some reservations as to whether or not the tiny elf had been telling the truth. 

The dark tan complexion of the wood elf drained to a ghostly pale as he realized his own mistake, "But-but, she tried-" "Where is this item she was supposedly trying to steal from you!?" the high elf demanded looking at his hands in expectation, and the wood elf hastily began searching the wreckage of his stall for the item in question. 

As everyone in the crowd watched the exchange, no one noticed me press a small object into the plains elf's tiny hand. Surprised the pale elf opened her hand and was shocked to see the stolen jewelry clasped in her fingers. My dark grey eyes met once more with her beautiful blue ones and I gave her a wink, smiling at her astonished expression as she blushed from ear tip to ear tip. For a second I wondered if she was going to return the filched Hairpin, but a moment later a mischievous smile crept across her features and the Hairpin disappeared into her pocket. 

After searching fruitlessly for several minutes, the wood elf paled even further if that was possible as he attempted to explain the loss to the golden elf glowering at him. "perhaps she still has it..." he suggested lamely, and though he had hit his mark the lady would have none of it. 

"So, correct me if I am wrong, but you accuse my daughter of stealing an item from you, not once, but twice; you who owes me more gold than your entire stall is worth, you find her out, and you cannot even keep your hands on this so called 'stolen merchandise'!?" The elf demanded, as the wood elf looked all around trying to find some way out of his predicament. His eyes landed on me, and he made his final mistake. 

"He took it! When he attacked me and we both crashed into my stall! He had to have!" the portly elf cried, pointing to me. The dark elf merchant walked over and searched through the rags that were given to me as clothes. The lady Elwonê looked at me then at the slight girl crouched beside me, still looking over me even as I was searched, confusion began growing on her face. 

As the dark elf finished his search, he stood and looked to the lady, shaking his head before looking back to the wood elf, distrust etched into every line on his face. "And why, would you care to explain, would some random slave attack you and steal from you, Turgan?" the lady asked, much too sweetly. 

"Because he was beating the girl, and I stopped him." I piped up, and the elf, Turgan looked as if he wanted nothing more that to wither away into nothing at that moment. The lady's eyes burned with rage as she finally noticed the split lip and bruise on her daughter's face. She turned very slowly back to Turgan, who was visibly shaking now. "W-w-well you see-" it was now Turgan's turn to be backhanded, right into the last standing table of his stall as the lady Elwonê rubbed the back of her hand.  

Turning to her daughter she indicated the broken stall and asked, "Do you see anything you want, my dear?" looking for myself I could barely see anything, as much of the jewels and gold were caked in mud and dust. 

"Not here mother, but I did see something I really want..." Lady Elwonê smiled knowingly down at her daughter and turned to me. "What's your name?" she asked. "Devon." The lady nodded and turned to the merchant over me. 

"I'll take 120 g_" the merchant's prepared speech died in his throat as the lady leveled her gaze at him. Dropping a bag on his table that could not have contained more than 50 gold coins inside it, the lady spoke a word and my cuffs pulled me to my feet. 

"Collect anything more from him." She remarked gesturing toward Turgan, then to Turgan himself, " Consider our account closed, and find a new place of business." With that I was led off to what would probably be my new home. 

I had been living here for a month now, the only human in a city of elven-kind. The first thing I learned as a grounds keeper at Castle Elwonê is that that the more expensive the furniture, the heavier it was. second in a castle with 53 rooms, four armories, three kitchens, and six dining rooms, there was a lot of furniture, and the lady wanted things moved around constantly. Too many times I heard "that's not right, there...move it here." Or "I think that would look better here." And I would have the chore of moving some wardrobe or table to the perfectly desired location...only to move it back the next day. 

During the first week or so, I was escorted around by guards, but with the cuffs still on and a proximity spell in place, I could not leave beyond the walls or threaten anyone with violence lest the 'fireblood' spell consume me entirely, so it was deemed by the Lady of the castle that the guards were unnecessary. Things weren't that bad anyways; a bed better even than the one I had owned, three meals every day, and pretty much any of the amenities the castle had to offer. 

I was now outside, cleaning the stables, when I spotted her again. Every hour or so there she would be, silent as a ghost, peeking at me around a corner, or from behind some piece of furniture that I had just moved, the stolen pin holding her hair glinting in the light; a constant staple to her attire. 

Right then she was in the loft, hiding behind a stack of hay bells as I stacked even more below. Her name was Yanê; adopted daughter of Yunê, lady of the castle. Yunê's husband, Dêlune, had chased after the bandits that had destroyed Yanê's village a year after Yanê's birth, he had never returned, and while human culture would have forced Yunê to remarry, elven culture had no such dictation, so lady Yunê had taken over the castle, and raised little Yanê for the past eighteen years by herself. 

At nineteen Yanê was actually full grown, but as Elves were such a long lived species, everyone around her still treated her like a child. So this was the reason that now, a month into my service here at Castle Elwonê, she had begun these little games with me, hiding and playing little tricks here and there; moving chairs I had just put down, purposefully trailing mud through an area I had just cleaned, and knocking over the haystacks as she was trying to do now. 

Yet no matter what happened if I ever tried to approach or speak to her off she flew, like a hawk fleeing from a fox. I knew this was her way of teasing me, so I waited until she was focused on her task of overturning the stacks of hay, then quickly snuck outside and climbed up the outside of the stable house, silently slipping into the loft window. 

As I entered, the hay muffling my steps into silence I was rewarded with the perfect view; Yanê was wearing a similar dress to the dress she had worn on our first encounter; a pale white, form fitting, sleeveless dress most humans would only wear to bed. It flowed down her body and stopped just inches above her knees hugging her B-cups and showing off her slender hips. Her perfectly straight blonde hair, seemed to race the dress down her body stopping at the exact length of the dress. 

When she had noticed the noise from my exertions had stopped she had craned over the stacks searching for me; my task was incomplete so she knew I had not left. Yet, while scanning the room her keen hearing did not detect me mere feet behind her, and as she stretched further and further the hem of her dress climbed tantalizingly higher up her deliciously creamy thighs. An idea struck and I quietly gathered a bit of the straw into my hands, and using the same loud click! With my tongue that I used on the deer I had hunted I tossed the bundle into the air. 

The timing was perfect! As she twirled in alarm, her pale blue eyes as wide as the deer that had fallen before me, the movement bringing the hem of her dress so close to her treasures I could not help but to get hard, and she only got a brief glimpse of the hay before it exploded on her head showering her perfectly slight form with fresh needles, even as she shrieked and covered her head with her hands. As she opened her eyes, I grinned evilly at her as she glowered at me from beneath her bangs and I had to laugh. My chuckle seemed to set her off, though. 

Ears red with indignity, she rushed forward slamming into me in the same as I had with the elf Turgan when we had first met. The difference was that she weighed next to nothing, and instead of knocking me backwards, she merely bounced right off of me. she stumbled back several steps. I chuckled a low laugh at the impotent anger in her eyes and stepped forward 

Her anger fled her and nervousness set in at my proximity, and she began to back away as I advanced toward her...until her back came into contact with the soft bristles of hay. What had been her refuge moments before was now her prison as I placed my hands on either side of her, keeping her gaze locked to mine. She looked to my cuffs for help, but didn't know the invocation, and I wasn't threatening her with violence, her heart began to pound as she realized just how vulnerable she was to me at that moment. 

As I drew myself just inches from her, close enough to smell the scent of lilies wafting from her body, she spoke to me for the first time. "I'll scream." She declared, her voice barely above a whisper. 

I grinned once more and her breath caught in her throat. "Oh yes, you'll scream," I stated, and she shivered, "You'll scream, writhe, squeal..." I crept even closer "...and beg me for more." I growled into her ear feeling her shudder even more as she felt my voice tickle her senses. I licked along the length of her pointy ears and I swear the tiniest moan escaped her lips. As I sucked on the tip, twirling my tongue around the sharp point of her ear, she gave a gasp and her knees buckled beneath her. 

I caught her with one hand around the waist as she fell pulling her to me; her innocence was intoxicating, and I wanted her to feel how hard she'd made me. As her eyes caught back her focus she looked into my eyes panic and desire raging in equal measure across her face, then with a quick cry she managed to push me back just enough to bolt away. Jumping straight off the ledge I had to admire her form and agility as she landed lightly on her feet and sprinted straight out the door. Seconds later she disappeared inside the castle. I laughed harder then, than I ever had in my life. I may be the 'slave' here, but if this was any indication, life at Castle Elwonê was going to be so much fun... 

Yanê screeched into the castle, past her mother, ignoring the quizzical look she was thrown, and streaked up the stairs, not stopping until she was safe in her room. She flashed back to the intensity she had seen in his eyes and began to wonder if she was safe even here. Thinking back on those moments fire raced through her innocent body, and she rubbed her thighs together as she began to get slick and sticky. No one had ever looked at her like that; the untamed, wild...hunger in his eyes that sent heat rushing to her core, making her tremble, but from fear or something else she couldn't be sure. 

She threw herself onto her bed, closing her eyes and reliving those few seconds again and again. He had been so close, she could smell the sweat, the wildness on him, could feel the heat radiating from his body, and when she had nearly collapsed and he had pulled her to him...her eyes flashed open when she remembered what she had felt when he had her pressed against him. Her body was on fire; she couldn't seem to catch her breath. She knew humans were larger...down there...than elves, but to actually feel how much bigger he was. Elves were only three inches, four at the most, but the human, he had to be five or six inches at least! And had to be two or three times thicker! 

Something was building inside her...something was coming closer. Her mind went haywire conjuring images before her eyes. He could have pinned her up against the haystack, and she would have been powerless to stop him as he raised her dress, seeing her bare wetness before leaning in and devouring her... oh gods! She knew how those dark eyes were looking at her, knew she could never have resisted him as he moved in closer, positioning himself, and when he...when he... OH GODS!The rough fabric of her dress scraped across the hard nub at the top of her slit and that was all it took to set her off. 

