 Part 2 of the series: Her Dirty Little secret. All comment and critiques are welcome. 

Enjoy! 

All characters are over 18 

***** 

I opened my eyes and groaned. It was barely sunup, and as such my room was near pitch black. Small amounts of light streamed into my window from the torches that burned outside, illuminating just enough of the room that I could see the small end table and old, rickety wardrobe that graced the otherwise completely bare room. Scenes from yesterday evening came forward as I looked around and I groaned again as my morning wood became a steel rod. 

"Great..." I mumbled, thinking that getting trousers on was going to be a bitch. I got up throwing off the wool cover and grabbed my clothes I had set out the night before. Just as I got my trousers on my door swung open and Inir walked in, carrying a tray of food. She traditionally did this every morning, but she usually waited until after sunrise and typically knocked first. 

Inir was a shy wood elf that had been at the castle since a very young age. She and lady Yanê had grown up together, and while Inir was the young lady's personal handmaid, many throughout the castle commented how they were more like sisters. I personally hadn't seen anything so far myself, but I hadn't been here very long either. She wore a short brown wool dress that didn't quite reach her knees, and that swirled in the doorway as she entered. 

"Good morning, Devon. You are up earlier than usual." She spoke cheerfully for once, but her tone was still very subdued. She set the tray down on the old end table between the door and my bed. She turned toward me, her eyes scanning the room for a moment and then she went to speak, but when she looked at me fully she gasped and covered her mouth, her eyes widened and she began blushing furiously. 

I was facing her way when she walked in, and while my pants were up I had not yet been able to cinch them together: partially because Inir had startled me with her sudden entrance, and partially because there was a very sensitive obstacle in the way. This obstacle was what Inir was currently staring at. I stood there frozen for a moment, still shocked by the quick development, and Inir simply continued to stare, her black eyes fixated on my manhood. 

"That explains Êul's..." she mumbled, her voice dying in her throat as my shaft gave a twitch. Inir's eyes began to glaze over and even as I watched it seemed her hand began to unconsciously travel down her body. I didn't have to be able to read minds to know exactly what was going through hers at that moment, as her thighs began to rub themselves together. My burgeoning wood tempted me to make an advance, but the Lady Elwonê's words came back to me and I instead cleared my throat. 

Inir jumped as if lightning had stuck nearby and her eyes met mine for a brief moment before, with a quiet squeak she darted back out the door. For a second I thought she was gone but her voice came back from the other side of the stone wall, "Lady Yunê wishes to speak to you just after daybreak concerning your duties. She said she would be in the dining hall waiting for you, and not to be late." 

Then she was gone. I walked to the door and stuck my head out, but all I saw was the hallway and rugs gracing the floor. I had to hand it to her, Inir could definitely move when she wanted. I stepped back inside, grumbling "I'm definitely going to need a cold wash now." 

I was about halfway to my destination, sticking to the slave halls, when a flying object came careening around a corner, "mussa hide, mussa hide!" the whirl of leather and wings slammed into a nearby wardrobe, fluttered through the air a bit, then latched onto my shirt, swinging around onto my back where it stayed, leather wings folded in to make it as small as possible. 

Engie, the head chef, and a large dwarf at that, came barreling around the corner a second later, brandishing a huge cleaver, "I'll roast you over the fire for this you flying rat!" she screeched, as she ran. I stepped to my left putting my back the wardrobe and pointed the way I had come. Engie never saw my new pack as she rushed past. 

"Hope you catch him!" I yelled after her; Engie never looked back. I shrugged my shoulder and a second later the small creature climbed up onto it. "What'd you steal this time Fedge?" I asked the imp. Yellow eyes looked back at me with unrepressed glee. 

"Chip-chips, from the Lady's plate," it cackled "thanken Dev-Dev, you I owe." Fedge was an imp that had gotten lost and cut off from its colony. A very young Yanê had found him hiding in the barn five years ago and took him in. He hadn't left since, hiding out instead in the darker corners of the castle grounds, partially out of loyalty to Yanê, mostly because without his colony, to leave the sanctuary of the castle alone was a death sentence. 

Fedge was like most imps, about six inches tall with a foot-wide wingspan on his four wings. He was a freaky little thing, with a baldhead, a set of glowing yellow eyes like an owls, and sharp needle like teeth that were coated in venom. Most guests that learned of his presence could hardly believe he was allowed to stay here, but he kept the rats and other vermin off the grounds - usually by eating them - so no one could really complain. 

"Don't worry about it." I said, waving a hand. "We men have to stick together." Fedge was the only other 'man' besides me allowed inside the castle grounds; even my old guards had been to a one female. This was something every person here had made sure I was fully aware of from my very first day. I still could not figure out the reason why. 

"So, you and Yu-Yu have fun last night?" his wide grin told me Fedge knew what Êul and I had done already, and I sighed as he sat and swung his feet back and forth from my shoulder, his leather wings folded behind him. I shook my head, nearly whipping Fedge with a few strands of hair. 

"So, you heard about that, huh?" I asked as I started walking down the hall. God, first Inir's comment, and now Fedge knew. It was all over; if Fedge knew everything he was going to spread it all over the castle. I was surprised he wasn't screeching it across the rafters right now. He cackled maniacally for several moments, his wings working in spurts to keep him from falling from his lofty perch. 

"Heeheeheehee, hear about it!? Dev-Dev half the castle heard Yu-Yu's screams lassa night!" I stopped in my tracks for a second as that slowly sunk in, then picked up my pace as Fedge continued, "Me was first thinken you was torturin' poor Yu-Yu, but the lookey on her face...ooh, you sure was aringin' her bells, huh?" the imp rotated his hips suggestively, then dissolved back into hysterics. I rolled my shoulders causing the miniature creature to nearly fall. 

"All right, enough." I said, getting a bit nervous. The last thing I needed was more problems around here. Fedge started up a whole new round of laughter, and I started to get irate. "You sure you want to keep on pushing it? I'm a bit faster than Engie." This single comment was enough to sober the little guy up. He had already learned that lesson. 

"Ok..." Fedge took to the air again as I reached the door to the courtyard, but he couldn't resist one last jibe before he left. " You know Yanêy-girl heard you too," he whispered conspiratorially, flying backwards back down the hall, "She was so jealous she wented to the Lady crying to go breaker you two up." He laughed at that and zipped away, "Little Yanêy-girl has got a crush~" the little imp sing-songed as he flew off, leaving me alone with my thoughts. 

I walked out side and allowed my legs to follow the now familiar path around the castle. As I walked my mind wandered, thinking about what had happened in the last night. First was Êul luring me to her room and seducing me, then Lady Yunê breaking in and forbidding me to touch any other slave in her house. Finally the most troubling thing was Lady Yunê last words; that she wanted me to take her own daughter and BREAK her. And now to find out that the entire castle had heard us. Things couldn't get much more problematic. I shook my head to clear my thoughts, and realized I had made it to my destination. 

The castle was built on a peninsula into a large lake which itself was fed by the ocean, as such several waterways had been dug and diverted to supply the castle with plenty of fish and water, which was purified by a simple spell. Here at this point the water was slower from dipping under the castle wall, and wasn't as deep as much of the other waterways so the water tended to be warmer here, and because it was tucked away in a far corner hidden from sight it was perfect for relaxing and bathing in. 

I usually come here after each day, but Êul had had other plans last night, so I came- er, got here this morning. I had heard the Ladies Yanê and Yunê had a room that let them bathe inside their own rooms, but as a slave I doubted I could get something like that. 

I set my change of clothes on a limb, before undressing and dropping the old clothes near-by, and stepped into the calm shelf, the water coming up to my knees. It was a warm day and the water was the perfect temperature, so after getting clean I laid my head back on the shore and relaxed for a moment. I drifted for a few moments, enjoying the solitude. A gentle wave broke my reverie. 

"What the-!? Êul!" Êul had used the waterway to swim under the castle wall and was now crawling her way up between my legs. Water nymphs can blend in with water, and even in this shallow section if she hadn't been pressing down on my legs I still wouldn't have even been able to see her. I attempted to stand up, but Êul laid her languorous body on top of mine, pinning me down in the water. I had to admit, I gave little resistance against the fully naked beauty above me. 

"Shh, just relax." She whispered as she lay atop me. Her body was a slight bit warmer than the water we were now laying in, and damn if she didn't feel good as she lay there. "You didn't get to finish last night, so I figured I would give you a surprise." She giggled and slunk back into the water, cupping my balls as her tongue slid down my body. 

I was already hard from the way she had been moving against me, but when she wrapped her lips around my shaft underwater, I growled with pleasure, and simply laid my head back. I was too fucking horny to fight her; Lady Yunê's orders be damned, I was getting me some if it killed me. 

As she worked her way down my shaft I realized with a pleasured sigh; with Êul's gills on her neck she didn't need air, and the sensation of her tongue was amazing as she continued on and on; bobbing, suckling and sucking on my shaft, making small ripples in the water as she moved. 

"Oh, fuck." I wasn't going to hold out at this rate, but Êul couldn't hear me beneath the water and kept a mind blowing pace. I tapped on her head several times to let her know I was getting close, but a vibration in the back of her throat told me she knew exactly where I was. 

I couldn't help myself; I grabbed her head and pulled her further down onto my pole until I felt the head of my cock pop into her throat. Êul could still breath through her gills though, so she seemed to have no problem with me keeping her there as her tongue danced over the base of my shaft. I clenched my teeth as I felt my release coming, my balls began to churn, and... "Agh!" 

Oh my fucking GOD! Finally! I emptied my balls down her throat, as wave after wave of ecstasy rolled through me. My ears rang and lights exploded in my eyes. After several months with no company before, and a month in captivity, I pumped load after load into Êul's hot wet mouth as she moaned her pleasure beneath the waterline. I lied there catching my breath, shaking as blissful aftershocks filtered through me; even more were brought on by Êul's continued ministrations. 

I looked down and saw a white cloud billowing through the gills at Êul's neck, and for some reason found this a strangely erotic sight. I stood up, up, water dripping from my body like rain. The naughty little vixen slid out of the water after me like a serpent, hunger fully evident in her eyes. "I want some more of that..." she whispered seductively as she slunk forward, eyes glued to my still hard manhood. 

I sidled out from beneath her and stepped of the water, looking back at the sexy woman; half transparent nymph hiding her treasures in the water, half sex hungry nympho staring at me with desire in the sun. I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath as my higher thinking settled back into place, regaining control and reminding me of the young Lady... 

"Êul, we can't...I can't." I could see surprise fly across Êul's features and her gaze became glued behind me. Shit! I didn't want to hurt this sexy woman, nor did I really want to drive her away, but... "If-If the Lady-" 

If the Lady Yunê finds out, she'll kill us both," I realized, as that familiar voice spoke that Êul had not looked away because of my words, and my blood froze in my veins even as I expected it to start boiling. I turned to see Lady Yunê standing right by my clothes, anger rolling beneath a calm veneer, like a volcano getting ready to erupt. "Is that about what you were going to say? Hmm?" 

I stood there trying to think of something to say, when The Lady spoke, "Don't you move another step, you treacherous snake." I was confused for a few seconds before I noticed she wasn't talking to me. I turned around and saw Êul half way toward the wall she had swam here under, all but her eyes hidden beneath the tiny waves she had made as she tried to quietly slip away. 

"Better yet, go. Swim away, and await me in your quarters...I'll deal with you later." Fear filtered into Êul's eyes, and even underwater I could hear her whimper, but she obediently dipped under the wall and was gone. That left the Lady Yunê and me...alone. I slowly turned back to face my fate. Even though I had been determined to do it, I had not believed we would be caught. 

"You were late." Was all she said. I was so dead. I bid my balls goodbye. 

Lady Yunê gestured toward my clothes, but I hesitated for a second. Finally, deciding I'd rather face torture with my clothes on, I stepped from the water. Every step I took felt as if it would invoke her wrath and scorch my flesh. It seemed to take me forever to reach my clothes, and I was acutely aware of the Lady's bright green eyes all over me as I took each step. 

As I grabbed for my pants I saw a flash of movement. That was the only warning I got before Yunê's fist connected squarely with my jaw. I had to hand it to her; the woman could throw a punch. Pain exploded in the left side of my face as I hit the ground. "You pathetic, disgusting, filthy fucking HUMAN!" 

I blinked a few times to get my eye to refocus, and looked up. My heart gave a thud in my chest at the fire burning in those eyes above me. "I am giving you my greatest treasure; my own daughter, and this is where I find you!? Playing around with that whore!?" I cringed at the venom in her words, but at the same time my own frustrations and anger were welling up. 

"What the hell do you want from me!?" I screamed back at her, looking into her eyes. Yunê took a surprised step back. She seemed taken aback by my anger. More than that, my question seemed to shake her strong-willed veneer. For a moment she seemed...vulnerable. 

I searched her eyes with my own; seeking answers for the multitude of questions I could not ask. She stared back at me, wavering, impossibly fragile for one of her strength and power. For that one moment there was a breach in her armor, a desire to give me the answers I craved. 

Then just as quickly, she turned away. Just like that, the fire in her eyes went from a beautiful flame of righteous anger to the cold and distant gleam of a star. "You have been reassigned to a new position." her demeanor had become the same as that on the first day I came here...dismissive. "Inir was transferred to assistant chef, so you will take on her role. From this moment on you are to be the personal assistant of my daughter, Lady Yanê. You will-" 

"What!?" I yelped like a scalded hound. This was a turn, first a fist in my face, and now a promotion? "What are trying to do, Yunê? Is this about Yanê and...ARRGH!" For the first time in nearly a month a dreadfully familiar pain exploded across my body, burning every inch of skin like I had been thrown on a pyre. I writhed in agony for several seconds, though it seemed an eternity, before the Lady relented. 

"Remember your place, slave. You will address me as Lady or Mistress Yunê at all times, do you understand?" I shook my head quickly, still unable to breath through the pain. "Good, and if you ever interrupt me, or question my decisions again, you will not live to regret your mistake. Now you will meet Yanê in the Meeting Hall immediately." She turned away, and I struggled to follow. 

I walked back with her for a few moments in silence, before we went to part ways, her to her garden, and I to the Meeting Hall. As we parted she called me once more, "Devon...Do not forget your duty." And in a flurry of crimson hair she left, leaving me once again wondering what she had meant. I shook my head and opened the door to reenter the castle. 

I walked slowly to the Meeting Hall, gathering my thoughts. I thought a great deal as to what the Lady Yunê expected of me, and what my new title was supposed to mean, right along with what it actually did mean. Yunê was pushing Yanê and I closer together, for some reason I couldn't figure out. Hell she was actively pressing for me to go ahead and fuck the living daylights out of her daughter, knowing what would result, so what the hell was it that she wanted? 

My head was so wrapped up in my thoughts that I didn't even realize I was at the Meeting Hall until a pointed cough interrupted my musings. I looked up, startled, taking in the lavishly furnished hall, the marble columns stretching along both sides of the massive room, the curved ceiling with gold inlaid chandeliers and a mural painting of the stars, and even the cadmium marble floor; all passed through my eyes. 

And there, standing in the center of the room, directly on top of the rose compass inlay, the direct center of the castle, was a 5' tall, blonde haired, plains elf staring hard at me with a mixture of anger and...trepidation? She had traded in the white sleeveless dress today for a tight, long sleeved, dark green blouse with the sleeves ending just below the elbow. Her dark brown leggings seemed to be made of a thick, durable fabric and I could see the now ever-present hairpin clipped on one side of her pale, straight hair. The outfit made her mere presence no less provocative than the dress had, though she did seem to look a little taller than yesterday. 

"Your late." Yunê crossed her arms in a sort of defiant anger like look, unaware it had the unintended effect of pressing her delectable orbs up and together. I grinned and shrugged, noting her ears take on a darker shade as I stepped up to within a few inches of her. I remembered getting this close to her yesterday, close enough to smell the scent of lilies wafting from her, and my smile widened even further. "What?" she asked me, seeing the look on my face. 

"Nothing, milady." I whispered near her ear, grinning when I saw her shudder. I kept walking for a few more steps, looking around the room for a moment, then turned back to Yanê. "So, milady it seems I am now at your personal discretion." I put a little emphasis on personal, and Yanê tensed. "Is there anything you would like me to do?" I stepped close to her again, her intoxicating scent drawing me in once again. 
