 The third part of the series. Comments/questions/critiques are of course welcome. 

Enjoy! 

***** 

Someone was in my room. It was still dark, but I had stayed up through the night, merely staring at the ceiling, thinking, but someone opening my bedroom door had alerted me. I laid there, feigning sleep, listening to the breaths of whoever was there and trying to identify them. It wasn't Fedge; the little imp had woken me before, but I wouldn't be able to hear his breathing. 

I felt the edge of my bed sink as if weight had been placed on it, then a corner of my blanket slowly began to be peeled back. It took a lot of will power not to bolt up right then, as I felt far too vulnerable and exposed as my blanket rolled away. Even though I hadn't that night, I always slept in the nude as despite being stone, the castle was always warm and almost stuffy from the torches that lined the walls. 

A slight intake of breath told me my visitor had just discovered that secret. As my mystery guest moved closer I shifted a bit, freezing them in place. I cracked an eye just the smallest amount. I wanted to know who stood over me. Just as the person began to move again I realized who it was. Inir. I come up off the bed. 

In less than two seconds we went from her leaning over me, lying on the bed, to me towering over her, backed into a corner. Even in this darkness, I knew what she saw in my eyes as I looked down at her; she saw that I knew what she had done to Yanê. "I'm sorry I was just-" 

"Get. Out." My voice was as deep as the darkness that covered the room. Cold was not something you found in this castle very often, but Inir shivered as if the heat had left the room. I reached over and lifted the cover off the nearby brazier, flooding the room with light. She looked back up at me, a silent request in her shining eyes. 

"I didn't mean to hurt Yanê. Please believe me. I-I didn't know what he was going to-. I didn't know she was-was," Inir gestured at me as her voice faltered, and it took her a moment to continue. She squirmed beneath my gaze, and she kept glancing down at my exposed shaft as she fought to keep her voice even. "R-right there, she shouldn't have been there anyways- I mean, what you were- that's just- it's not allowed. Do you know what would happen if others found out? Do you even know how...how...illegal that is!?" 

"I know it's none of yours or anyone else's business." I stated flatly, ignoring her glances at my manhood. "I know that it would be in everyone's best interest that you keep your mouth shut about what you think you know. I also know that if you ever cause her pain again, it won't be the Lady you will need to worry about." Pain flared through me as I turned away from Inir then, grabbing my pants, and when I looked back at her, she took the hint and scampered out of the room. 

I got dressed in my 'assistant's outfit' and left my room, thinking of the many events leading up to what had happened. It has only been a day since my encounter with Yunê in the forest, and while she had told me to be at her room this evening, several events had occurred after a few 'scheduled' arrivals that now held her attention. The events began when the first arrival showed while I was returning to the castle... 

* * * * * * 

Typically the walled in castle only opens its main doors perhaps once every two weeks or so, and they stay sealed by powerful enchantments any other time. It takes several hours for the two mages that guard them to release the bindings on those doors, which is the reason they are kept sealed most days. There are other ways to get out of the castle, but the only way I knew of to enter the grounds is by the acceptance of the Lady herself. 

As such, whenever the gates are opened, it is usually a well-known event beforehand. So, for me to be standing at the castle entrance and hear the sudden rumble of the opening doors; it was a bit of a shock. For an army to walk in through those doors was a petrifying sight. Six columns of elves marched in row after row through the gates, both men and women; all headed by a group of four figures riding on horseback. I stood there with a dumbfounded expression as the army marched across the grounds and drew to a halt before me. 

The four mounted riders stepped even closer, three male wood elves and a female dark elf, each cloaked in fine colored silks. They each held an amount of confusion and shock on their faces as they stared at me standing on the lower steps of the castle. The eldest was the first to recover, and spoke with only the slightest hitch, "H-hail to the House of Elwonê! We bring trade, tidings, and counsel from the House of Evîanir!" Three of the riders gave a small bow from atop their respective mounts, while the fourth and youngest sat and gaped at me as if he had never seen a human before. 

"Uh, hi." I couldn't tell if the smattering of laughter was caused by my ineloquent response, or the young wood elf still blatantly staring at me as he tried unsuccessfully to dismount his horse, his foot getting caught in the stirrup. I gathered what wits I could and continued "If you would, please follow me and we will get you out of the sun." I prayed fervently that I was not breaking protocol as I escorted the four inside. 

Once we were away from their cadre the youngest, whom I learned was named Théron, began making a few rude comments concerning me, " I thought we were supposed to be honored guests, Father," Théron spoke to the elder who had hailed their arrival with the air of a man used to being waited on, "yet the most they can produce for us is this human?" the last word was Elvish, but I gave a fair guess that it wasn't quite proper to speak like this to your host. "Is this the extent of the accommodations they are willing to give to the House of Evîanir?" 

Several retorts crossed my mind, but I fought the impulse and stayed civil. "Forgive us. The Lady has been quite busy as of late." Recent events crossed my mind at how 'busy' we had been and I let a smile settle onto my face. "Her business has been quite exhausting recently." I said, trying hard not to laugh at my own double entendre. 

I turned back toward the group as we approached the meeting hall and blinked; the female elf was staring at me now as well. She averted her eyes quickly as I noticed her but a moment later her gaze drifted back to me. Shit. I recognized that look, and shook my head. Théron gave a derisive snort, and I stiffened at the sound. 

"And what would a human know about the House of Elwonê?" Théron sauntered forward, stopping just inches from me. "Correct me if I am wrong, but as you are just a slave, you wouldn't really know anything would you? What exactly are you doing here, anyway?" My fist was clenched so hard I had cut into my palms. But a voice saved me from having to speak. 

"Théron!" I turned around, and Yanê was bounding down the stairs, clad in a different green dress than she had run from me in. I was hidden from view by the pillar we had stopped by, so she hadn't seen me from the top of the stairs. I started to wonder how Lady Yanê knew them, when she rushed over throwing her arms around Théron. 

Something shifted inside me upon seeing the two of them like that and I stepped back a few feet as Yanê turned to walk with her guests. She froze dead in her tracks as she spotted me off to the side, but she quickly regained her composure. "Oh! Devon, I see you were the one to escort out guests in." Her tone betrayed nothing as she spoke. 

"Yes, milady. I was just about to come looking for you." I spoke stiffly. I thought for but a moment before deciding to feign ignorance on the subject. "Might I inquire as to the whereabouts of your mother?" I asked in my most formal affectation, even giving a slight bow of my head. 

If anything this further disturbed Yanê, "W-well I saw her outside earlier in the woods, but she seemed a bit...busy." Now it was my turn to pale. Oh fuck. Had Yanê seen us? Wait, calm down, of course she hadn't; if she had, she wouldn't be nearly this calm about it. As I tried to think of a way to ask Yanê what she saw, Théron decided to throw a stone in the pond. 

"So this is the 'exhausting' business the Lady Yunê has been up to?" Théron's tone was joking, mocking almost, but his eyes kept moving between Yanê and I in a way I didn't particularly like. Yanê, however didn't seem to like what it was he was saying. "Prattling about in the woods?" 

"How rude, Théron! I know for fact your father raised you better than to insult your host, even if she isn't here. Show some respect!" I smirked as Yanê expertly berated Théron, while still ingratiating herself toward his father, and noticed a similar smile on the elder's face as well. Yanê's attempt had not gone unnoticed. 

Théron, however, didn't seem to like my amusement. "What are you laughing at, slave?" Théron made a backhanded gesture I didn't recognize. I felt the air charge with power, and in a flash, I felt myself forced back against the pillar behind me by some invisible force. I could barely breathe as the force pressed into my chest. It felt as if I had been caught between two massive stones that were slowly being pushed together, and couldn't even try to move to escape as they began to crush the life out of me. 

In the next instant the force holding me disappeared, and Théron was lifted into the air by a similar force, his face turned to the ceiling, as if being held by his throat. "Don't you ever cast Magick on a servant of my mother's House again Théron Evîanir!" Yanê held her hand out in a 'stop' gesture I recognized as a Force Sign. I had never seen this side of Yanê before and gaped openly as she manipulated the stunned wood elf in front of all of us. I only realized then; Yanê was quite the powerful Magick practitioner. 

Before anyone else could react the female dark elf stepped forward and made a quick slashing motion. Théron dropped like a rock and Yanê turned to face the dark elf. "Enough." Though spoke calmly the Elder's statement held the gravity of a being that knows they will not be argued with. "Let it go Kyría, Théron got what he deserved." He looked to Théron as the elf climbed to his feet. "Let that be a lesson to you. Do not embarrass me any further." 

While I could not understand the last of what the elder said it was obvious that Théron was having trouble deciding which was worse; whatever his father had said, or being manipulated by Yanê. "I am going to tend to the horses." Kyría said coolly before she turned and walked back towards the entrance with Théron in tow. 

"Devon, find Engie and have her make some tea for me and Elder Néron. Then await further instruction by my room." Yanê ordered. I didn't like this idea, and I wanted to speak to Yanê privately, however I could not say anything in front of the 'guest'. Instead I wordlessly turned and left the meeting hall as quickly as I could. 

Yanê watched the retreating form of Théron as he walked from the hall. 'By the gods', Yanê thought. This was the man she was supposed to- "Well, he was in quite a twist, wasn't he?" Yanê turned to the Elder as her thoughts snapped back to her surroundings. He was watching the dwindling back of his son as well, but with a shake of his head he looked back to Yanê. 

"Forgive him, my dear," The Elder said, "It has just been too long since he has seen you." The Elder's eyes sparkled with past memories. "I fear his pride has swelled his head far too much." Yanê smiled in the diplomatic way her mother had ingrained into her. 

"Well, we shall let the Guard shrink his ego back down a bit, shall we?" Yanê smiled mischievously. She had always been fond of the Elder; his wisdom and guile was well respected among the trade routes he traveled. He was a powerful man, and most Houses relied on his family for trade and commerce. 

Elder Néron laughed at that as he followed Yanê to a table set off to one side of the room, directly across from the stairs Yanê had entered from. "You sound quite confident, Young Lady Yanê. Is there some secret weapon hidden within your House that I do not know of?" Yanê tried hard to keep her composure, even as her color rose. Oh, there were many 'secrets' of her mother's that Yanê now knew about. 

"There are many secrets hidden within these walls, Elder," she revealed with a flourish of her hand. "Alas, a new member of the Guard, however, is not among them." She concluded with a sad shake of her head. The Elder looked around the room with an expression of mock surprise as if expecting one of these secrets to appear in front of him. 

"Would the existence of your new servant, perhaps be one such 'secret', little Yanê?" Yanê felt the blood drain from her face. The Elder turned back to her his smile barely concealing the malice even she could feel from that one statement. She knew as well as anyone, that a male, even a human slave, would be considered a direct threat to the House of Evîanir's claim. She fervently prayed her mother was here at this moment. 

Her mother was not here, however and Yanê was left to founder. "W-well, you see he saved my life..." Yanê trailed off as the look on the Elder's face morphed into something more menacing as he looked at her. This was the worst possible situation for her to be in! 

"Elder Néron!" Yanê breathed a sigh of relief, and the malice vanished from the Elder's face as he turned to greet Lady Yunê. She was descending down the stairway Yanê herself had used. "Forgive me. I have been so busy, I had nearly forgotten the Equinox festival." Yanê looked her mother over carefully, but there were no signs of her earlier...activities. Her mother threw her a curious glance, but the elder swiftly drew her attention away. 

" No worries. Your daughter was keeping me company by telling me of the hidden secrets of your castle, milady." He intoned, with a mischievous smirk. Lady Yunê laughed as she approached the table. Yanê stood and offered her mother the chair just as the tea was brought in. 

"Oh, I wouldn't listen too much to the 'hidden secrets' of one who still believes in the advent of the winter fairy, Elder Néron," Yunê whispered, "elsewise we should all be buried under snow at the waxing of each winter moon!" She proclaimed, drawing a laugh from Néron, and a blush from Yanê. Yanê quickly took the tea and shooed Inir out of the hall, turning to serve the tea, herself. It was a calming task and she gratefully took to it. 

She had just calmed back down when Théron walked back in and her tension rolled back with him. Yunê stopped dead in her conversation when he walked up to Yanê without greeting the Lady Yunê. Yanê faced him reluctantly, doing nothing to disguise the anger she felt towards him at that moment. Her look turned into utter disbelief as he bowed low to her. 

"I wanted to apologize for my earlier rudeness, Lady Yanê." He said in a low, but formal tone. "I truly was not myself." Yunê's eyebrows shot up at the proclamation and even Yanê was taken aback. Standing back at his full height Théron continued, "I would like to make up for my mistake, if you would allow me. Perhaps you would accompany me on a horse ride?" 

Yanê hesitated. She couldn't decline Théron's request in front of his father without making it seem like an insult to the entire Evîanir House. However, after an embarrassing...situation during a riding lesson a few months ago, Yanê was reluctant to ride at all anymore. She tried to come up with an excuse, but it was difficult to think of something reasonable on the spot. 

She was thankful, then, when her mother came to her rescue. "Actually, Yanê, why don't you take him up and let him hear your skills on the Hâerp. It would also do you good to get suggestions from someone besides me." Yanê quickly agreed without thinking, and gestured for Théron to follow her. 

"OK." Théron acquiesced. He followed Yanê up the stairs, and they fell into conversation. They both spoke of each of their parents, complaining of their incessant rules. Yanê had forgotten how easy it was to talk to Théron. He was the only boy she had ever been allowed to play with as she grew up, and she had often eagerly awaited his arrival when she was told of his coming. She had been too young, at the time, to understand the reasons for her isolation, and had always thought fondly of the slightly older elf. 

She was laughing at a ridiculous joke when Théron asked the worst question. "So where is your Hâerp?" Yunê nearly stumbled as she realized their destination. She couldn't believe she had not thought of it! 'Damnation mother' she privately thought. "Its in my room..." she mumbled as she continued forward, ignoring the huge smile that this brought to Théron's face. 

She suppressed a shudder as they continued to the landing of her room. She had never taken a man into her room before. It was her sanctuary, her safe haven. The thought of Théron defiling the sanctity of it with his presence sent shivers up her spine. Once they rounded the last corner to her room, she stopped dead remembering...Devon. 

Engie wasn't difficult to find; she's always either in the kitchen, or her own room two doors down, when she isn't chasing Fedge with a cleaver. As I left her with the tea brewing, I heard some scuffling in the supply closet down the hall. Peeking inside I got a nice view of a cerulean blue rear poking up into the air. 

Êul had returned to duty last night, but had adamantly refused to be anywhere near me. No one could get information as to what had happened to her, but her cerulean complexion would drain from her face at the mere mention of Lady Yunê and a haunted look would settle into her eyes. The Lady Yunê had gained a menacing reputation amongst the slaves since. 

Grinning like the madman I was, I slipped inside and quietly rolled a heavy barrel of potatoes in front of the door. I looked over and Êul was still bent over looking for something at the bottom of a cabinet, muttering a stream of oaths as colorful as she was. She didn't notice me as I slipped up behind her, until I slid a hand between her thighs, running my fingers up her legs until I made contact with her warm center. "Looking for something?" I asked nonchalantly. 

How Êul slipped from between the cabinet and me, I have never found out, but I blinked and she was gone. I turned around and her back was pressed against the wall by the door, her eyes flicking between the barrel blocking her escape and myself. The flickering light from the brazier danced on her skin as I approached. "Going somewhere?" I asked, mischievously. 

"Please Devon, don't do this. She'll kill me. Let me go...please..." Êul turned her head from me and trembled as I came up to her. A slight pant, and shiver was all she moved as I nuzzled at her neck. A tear slid down her face, as I trailed kisses along her shoulder. 

I placed a final kiss on her neck just below her ear, and her breathing hitched as my breath tickled along her collarbone. "Ask me to let you go again." I whispered, drawing her chin over to make her look me in the eyes. A dark part of me knew I could pin her to the wall, and take her by force. That same part also knew she would love every second of it, but the better part of me knew that what she needed was this choice. 

"Please..." She barely got out more than a whisper as she looked in my eyes, but it was enough, and reluctantly I reached over and moved the barrel out of her way. As she walked out the door I reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her back to me. Surprise was clear on her face as she fell into me and before she could move I claimed her lips with my own. 
