 Chapter Eight

Venus

King Rand greeted Stephan Dean, the advisor to King Charlie. Dean was very good at getting information without arousing suspicions. In fact Charlie had trusted the man to dig into Katrina's past when they first had become betrothed. If it hadn't been for Charlie's mother Ariana, Kat would've never known that Dean had dug into her past. But that's when you don't ask your advisor to dig up dirt on your chosen when he's your mother's chosen. Not too bright a move on Charlie's part, but then again, they weren't formally bonded yet and even then the total truth didn't come out until later!

"So have you found anything yet, Advisor Dean?" 

Stephan sat down across from the king after setting a box on the floor between them.

"I have here the council files of King Angi's trial. The evidence there is very damning but is mostly circumstantial. There is nothing other than eyewitness testimony from Prince Brent, and Gaerwn's kids. Both Sean and Sara testified they saw the victim crawl out of the king's chambers." 

"Interesting. According to Auntie Clara, Sara was placed under a powerful compulsion spell which will once again take over when Philip claims her." 

Confusion crossed Stephan's face.

"Excuse me, what does one have to do with the other?"

"When Sara conceived her son, Clara placed a stronger compulsion spell on both Sara and Philip. Her spell overrode the one we believe her father and brother placed on her. But once Sara and Philip finish their bonding and the mezclar, Sara's first compulsion spell will go back as it was before - unless we get lucky and find either a counter spell or make whoever put it on her remove it."

"Damn, this sucks. We need to find out who placed the spell on her and what exactly happened the night that Lilith deSepreate died." Stephan rubbed the back of his neck. "Something is certainly amiss here, Your Majesty."

"Most definitely." Rand narrowed his eyes as he reached for the box. "I intend to find out what it is too." 

* * * *

King Gaerwn exploded as he slammed his fist against the communications console. His son, who was just entering the King's private solar, winced at the sight.

"Damn those Earthlings. They refuse to give Sara up. Claim she has legal right to be there. Something about that bastard Rand giving her diplomatic immunity."

"Fuck."

"And it only gets worse, she's being accompanied by Philip and that meddling little bitch Clara. If she gets a hold of Sara, she might be able to release the compulsion spell. Then all the details and everything will come spilling out."

"Damn, so what are we going to do about this." 

"The only thing you're going to do is marry your sister and show a united front to our people. I've got a man on Earth who will make sure Sara and her bastard either return to their rightful place or they will cease to exist. Now, go and find Kira. Tell her we're moving the ceremony up. Aside from that, it won't be much longer and we won't be able to conceal the fact that she's pregnant." 

"It's done." Sean turned to leave and then paused. "Dad, do you ever wonder whose babe it is?"

"No, whether or not it's yours or mine, it will still have Glaston blood running through its' veins."

"True. Shall I inform her of the reason for the urgency of our upcoming nuptials?"

"No, I'll tell her. She's supposed to be here soon for our afternoon...meeting." 

"Of course, shall I be seeing you at supper, Father?" 

King Gaerwn nodded absently, his mind already on other things.

* * * *

Earth

Sara slipped away from Philip's embrace just as the morning sun rose in the eastern sky. Standing in front of the bay windows in the lower level of the farmhouse, she found it odd but still reassuring. According to what her son had told her the morning they left, Earth rotated from east to west unlike Venus's west to east. 

"So instead of the sun rising in the west and setting in the east, Mom, the sun will rise in the east and set in the west. Won't that be just awesome?"

Sara couldn't help but smile in remembrance of how excited he'd been about going to Earth. Until he got here and found the same problems he had on Venus - he still has here. I really need to get him tested and get him the training so he can function better but how do I keep my father from finding out?

"A penny for your thoughts?" Philip's voice washed over her. She closed her eyes and tried to find the willpower to face him calmly. Finally she turned and faced him.

"They're not even worth that. So you start your mission today?" She changed the subject smoothly, hoping he wouldn't notice how nervous she was today.

"Yes, we're leaving after breakfast. ITS is about a half hour drive from here."

"I see." She turned back around to the bay windows.

"Ignoring what happened last night, Sara, won't change anything. You didn't endanger yourself by being on the Shadow Plane for so long, did you?" 

"I'm very at home on the Shadow Plane, Your Highness."

"Is the compulsion spelling returning?" His voice was concerned 

"I don't know. Since the night Clara found me on the Shadow Plane, it hasn't been as strong as it once was."

"Until your bonding is complete - my counter spell will hold the compulsion spell at bay; unless she receives a direct order from the person who placed it on her. My counter spell only lessens the behavior modification part of it." Clara came into the kitchen wrapped up in a long flannel robe. From the navy blue color of it, Sara assumed it belonged to Master Iason.

"Well that's news to me." Sara followed Clara into the kitchen. "Perhaps, I should put off bonding with him." 

"Like hell you will!" Philip joined them in the kitchen. "You're out of your mind if you think I'm going to wait until we find out who is behind this. You're my chosen, Sara. I'm willing to be patient but you can not expect me to wait for months before I claim you. I'll go crazy!"

"Lets look at this rationally, Philip." Clara stepped forward and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"I don't see anything rational about putting off the bonding. How long do you think either of us is going to be able to function with the ceremony only half complete?" Philip focused his gaze directly on Sara. 

She could tell by his face, he wasn't pulling any punches and knew her time was limited unless she found a way to put some distance between them.

"Philip, I..." 

"I don't want to hear your excuses, Sara. We'll talk about this when I get back." He pulled Sara into his arms, dipped his head in and kissed her senseless before releasing her and striding out of the room.

* * * *

Philip exited the car and waited for Iason to join him. He was still unsettled by his little discussion this morning with Sara and Clara. He stared at the drab building in front of them. Turning the collar up on his coat, he followed Iason up the steps.

"Have you ever been inside here before?" He stood huddled next Iason as they waited for someone to answer the locked door.

"Yes, when Katrina graduated. I didn't go much further than the gymnasium. I got word from the school that the headmistress resigned when she knew we were coming. I can only imagine the chaos we're going to find here." 

The door opened slowly by a man in a gray uniform. 

"Can I help you?" The man's stilted tone made it apparent he wasn't in the helping mood.

"Yes. I'm Jason Littlebird and this is my friend, Philip de Arenaught. We've come to inspect the school. I do believe King Charles of Areseric bought the school several months ago. He's sent us to inspect and make any changes which are needed."

"We've been expecting you. I'm sorry to say the previous headmistress hasn't been replaced. The head guard has taken her place until you can find a replacement. He will see you in the main office." 

Iason nodded and followed the man inside. Next to him Philip took in all the minor details for future reference. As they approached the office, Philip noticed the young girl who was sitting outside the office on a bench. She was slumped over. Her skin was quite a bit darker than everyone else he'd met so far. Her long dark hair was divided into two braids which covered her ears and flowed down over her shoulders to rest on her ample chest. Even without his considerable powers he'd be able to feel the angst coming off the girl. He was tempted to stop and speak to her but his attention was dragged away by the office door opening and the harsh male voice bidding them to enter. A woman stood next to the large desk in the office.

"I'll be right with Kóh, in a moment Mrs. Carland." The secretary nodded and gave the girl a sharp glance.

"Of course, Mr. Martinez." 

"Come in, gentlemen. I'm Jebadiah Martinez. I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Please have a seat." 

Philip and Iason both entered the small office. Iason's sensitive nose flared. Immediately Philip went on defense. Iason is know for his delicate senses. If he smells something wrong, I should be alert.

"Well, what can I do for you gentlemen?" Zebadiah waited until Iason had seated himself. Philip went to stand by the window. Gazing out the window, he gave the air of disinterest but was quite aware of what was going on around him.

"I've been sent here to evaluate your school, Mr. Martinez. In addition to this duty I've also been charged with the duty of deciding who shall be the new Headmaster or Headmistress of the school. Before we start, are you interested in having the position?" Iason's voice was cool.

"Actually I'd rather return to running the guards, Mr. Rainbird. The previous headmistress put me in a rather awkward position. I've never wanted to be responsible for all of the decisions running this school requires. The disciplinary issues are enough to make a man old before his time."

"And why would you say that?" 

Philip turned to watch the man squirm in his seat as Iason's gaze pinned him down.

* * * *

"Sara, come here. It's time us women have a talk without our dominant 'chosens' butting their noses in." Clara started slowly rocking in the chair next to the fireplace. Iason had been nice enough to start a small fire in it before he'd left. To the warm blooded Venusians, winter in Iowa was a lot colder than Venus even on her coldest day. 

"I really don't want to talk about it, Auntie Clara." Sara sat down in the overstuffed chair. Arranging her traditional priestess's robes around her, she tucked her feet under them. "

"What is it you don't want to speak of, my dear?" 

"Everything. Ever since that blasted man returned, my world has been turned upside down. Why did he have to come back? If I wasn't happy I was at least content with my life. I had Gabriel and that was enough. Now I don't know which end is up." 

"Do you remember when I read your destiny, Sara?" 

"It seems like a lifetime ago but yes I do remember. I'm sorry to say, Clara, I do believe you slipped a bit with me. At least I've gotten part of it. I've got Philip's child at least in spirit. He reminds me so much of him." 

"He's very much his father's son. He'll always have Brent's physical traits but his spirit is Philip's through and through." Clara folded her hands over her stomach and watched the other woman fidget.

"It doesn't matter, Clara. Brent and Philip were identical. Few could tell them apart."

"How long are you going to run from him?" 

"It's more complicated than that. I've been on my own for too long. He's come back expecting me to be the same witch he was engaged to. I'm no longer her. Too much time and too many things have happened to me for me to remain the same witch."

"Just as Philip is no longer the same wizard. If you two would've bonded back then, your relationship would have fallen apart under the slightest of pressure. You and Philip would've still been chosens but you would have grown apart. These terrible things you both endured really did make both of you stronger."

"So all the adversity we've both endured has made us stronger?" Bitter laughter escaped Sara. "Thank you so much Auntie Clara, for the needed lesson in humility. In all honesty I could've done without it." Sara jerked to her feet and left the room slamming the door with a thud.

Clara continued to rock in the chair. 

"Well, Clara, you did one helluva job with her. Now she's wary of you too. Perhaps Iason can get through to her." 

* * * * 

Philip gritted his teeth as they continued to follow Mr. Martinez around the school. So far all the students had been well behaved but subdued. As the tour ended, Philip had to stop himself from tearing into the man. All the schools on Venus were full of laughter and kids running in the halls. This place of misery is no place to teach a child how to be a responsible and productive witch or wizard.

"Will that be all, gentlemen? I have several students requiring discipline back at my office." 

"Actually, Mr. Martinez. I do believe I shall deal with the discipline. You're relieved of your duties as Headmaster. You're free to return to your post as Head of Guards. That will be all." Iason's voice was frosty cold.

The man looked as if he were ready to protest. That was until Iason's blue eyes dared him to protest. The retribution in them was more than enough to make the man tremble. 

"Understood. I'll resume my duties in the guard shack. If you've any more questions for me, I'll be there." Jebadiah turned and quickly exited the building.

"Thank Mica, he's gone. I was ready to ring his neck." Philip joined Iason. Staring around the halls he rubbed his neck. "We're going to have a hell of battle on our hands to turn this school around."

"I agree and I know just the witch to turn it around." 

"Clara or Sara?" He felt uneasy about the idea of his chosen being exposed to the atmosphere of the school. She's all ready moody enough as it is. Being around these children are not going to make my wooing of her any easier.

"Both. I'm going to offer Clara the position of Headmistress and I think Sara would be a welcome assistant. She's very protective of children and it will make her realize her worth outside of being a priestess."

"Looking at it that way I can do nothing other than support your decision, Iason. Perhaps in the end, it'll help me."

"Son, you're going to have to start thinking of what is good for her before what's good for you or your relationship is doomed. When you're in love with a woman, you're suppose to put her needs first and in turn she'll do the same." 

"You're making the mistake of believing I'm in love with Sara. I hate to disappoint, Iason but I don't think I have it in me to love anyone."

"So you don't believe in love?" Concern showed in his eyes.

Philip shook his head. Before Iason could make any further comment, a student ran up to Iason.

"Come quick! There's a fight in the library. Headmaster Martinez, said he wasn't going to take care of it until ordered to and told me to come get you." The girl tugged on Iason's flannel shirt. 

"Of course. Lead the way, dear, and I'll fix it." 

Iason kept his voice gentle but Philip knew Jebadiah Martinez had just signed his own walking papers.

The man was treading on dangerous ground by refusing to act Both he and Iason followed the little girl into the library. Iason ducked as a burning book was aimed at his head and then whistled by it. 

"What the hell?" Philip extinguished the book with just a look and let it fall to the ground as he surveyed the damage. Around him many of the books were on fire and the two combatants in the center of the chaos were oblivious to the destruction they were causing. 

"I'll take the boy if you grab the girl." 

Iason nodded his agreement, knowing in Philip's unbound state, his contact with other women was difficult to handle. 

Waiting to see his opening, Philip dodged another flaming book, extinguished it and grabbed the youth around the waist. Pushing him to the floor, he grabbed at the youth's wildly swinging fists and yanked them behind his back. 

"Calm down, damnit!" 

"The little bitch had it coming!" The boy tried to buck the older man off. 

"I don't care if she kicked you in the balls, son. Using your powers is no way to handle this. The female deserves to be cherished and put above all others!" 

"What planet are you from, asshole? The only thing in here that's cherished and protected are the damn snitches. And sometimes even they get caught alone and get fucked up." The boy grunted under the increasing pressure of Philip's hold.

Philip looked up from the boy to see Iason struggling to restrain the girl. In horror he recognized her as the same girl who'd been outside of Martinez's office earlier in the day.

When Iason finally subdued the girl, he locked eyes with Philip.

"What the hell have we let ourselves into?" Philip's softly voiced question made it across to Iason.

"This is going to be a bit harder than we originally thought." Iason gave a small smile - one that chilled Philip to the bone. It was a look which didn't bode well for the misbehaving students.

* * * *

Gabriel wandered away from the barn, lulled by the call of the land. He knew his own gift of empathy related to everything from human and animal to the land and plants spoke to him. For once in my life I feel comfortable. This land calls to me and sooths me like none I've ever seen. Wandering farther away from the barn, he entered the barren fields. Under his feet he could feel the land sleeping, but knew in a few months it would come alive once more and nourish the animals and humans alike.

"I could actually grow to like this place. No bothersome emotions bombarding me and tearing at me."

"How would you like to stay here, Gabriel." 

At his mother's soft voice, he spun around.

"Mom!" Taking in her clothing, he scowled. "You're not dressed to be out here. You will be hurt by the cold. What would your chosen say!" He looked around frantically for Philip. Since his dad had come back into their lives, he was never far behind his mother. But this time Phillip was not around.

"Let me worry about him. Aside from that, he may be my chosen but I still have a mind of my own. Remember when you've your own chosen, son, that she's a woman and shouldn't be treated as a belonging. Instead treat her as if she's the most precious thing in your life."

"I will Mom." He turned around and wrapped his arms around her waist. Mom always smells so good, like powder and fresh air.

Standing with her son under the early afternoon sun, the pair were never aware of the binoculars trained their way. 

* * * *

Jebadiah Martinez sat back on his haunches. After the call from King Gaerwn, he was still trying to figure out why the King was so insistent the woman and child were to be sent back to Venus. They look harmless enough. I don't understand why King Gaerwn has such a hard'on for this woman and child, but who am I to question orders. Aside from that, King Gaerwn promised to turn a blind eye to the girl I raped in Sandova. Not that the little slut didn't have it coming to her. Instead he sent me here to a virtual paradise of young women to exploit. 

He reached down and adjusted his hardening cock. After giving the woman and child a once-over look, he planned on returning to work and looking up the feisty little Kóh. She escaped my punishment earlier but she won't be so lucky this time. But first things first, I need to plant my bug and check that the security measures have been put in place.

* * * *

Gabriel lifted his head from his mother's chest. Something was wrong. He could feel hostility and physical desire. Being raised in a Temple, he'd come very adept as sensing the vibes men and women gave off during sex. They were unmistakable. 
