 I was having the dream again. The was a room, giant and full of people. And I was in the middle of it. Fucking everything I could get my hands on. Faceless men and women came, singly or in groups, to fill my holes and rub themselves over my body. It was a pretty good dream, except for the end. Right as I was about to cum, I would wake up. Every time. It gets frustrating waking up incredibly horny.

And right on cue, just as I could feel the edge of my dream orgasm coming, my eyes fluttered open. My fingers were grasping at a nipple. I could feel the wetness of my pussy between my legs. My hand was wrapped around my cock. 

That woke me up.

I bolted upright and ripped back the covers. I sleep naked, so there wasn't anything to block my view. There was a hard cock sticking up from between my legs. It was huge, thick and veiny. 

"What the fuck?" I whispered. I reached out and pushed it gently with my fingertips. Yep, it was real. I was really hoping that I was just seeing things. I've fallen asleep with dildo's in my bed before, there's always a chance that they end up in an awkward position.

But not this time. This thing was flesh and blood. It was burning hot, and as I pushed it around I could feel where it attached somewhere in my pussy. It was good to know that was still there, and that I hadn't somehow sprouted balls in the night too. 

I swung out of bed and scurried down the hall to the bathroom. It was lucky that my roommates were all out of town. None of us are exactly shy about our bodies, but I guessed that this new addition would invite some embarrassing comments.

I stood before the full length mirror, seriously hoping that I wasn't going crazy. The rest of my body looked the same. The same slightly curly brown hair hanging down to my shoulders. Same eyes, same lips. Same firm tits. Same flat stomach and muscular legs. And a monstrous cock sticking up in the air. 

I slid my hands down my body, making sure there had been no other changes in my anatomy. It seemed like everything was there. I had a momentary burst of panic when I couldn't find my clit, but it was tucked behind the shaft, in between it and my body. My new dick (Was I already referring to it as mine?) looked like it had emerged from the upper part of my pussy, spreading my lower lips. But it wasn't blocking anything down there, I even quickly dipped a finger in just to check. 

All this poking and prodding and rubbing was having an effect on me. The dream had been unusually vivid this time, and some of the more tantalizing images were sticking with me. It didn't help that I was busy staring at myself in the mirror. I'll admit it, I look pretty good. And I work very hard to keep it that way. Even before this cock came along I indulged in a fair amount of self love, both physical and emotional. Having a new male appendage grafted onto my female body just seemed to focus my attention a bit. I couldn't keep my eyes off of my tits for one.

My cock flexed involuntarily, and a thick drop of precum pushed out of the slit. Watching that bead of clear fluid roll slowly down the skin of my dick flipped a switch in my brain, and without really thinking about it I had wrapped one of my hands around myself.

"Oh shit," I moaned. This felt great. And watching myself in the mirror was incredibly erotic. I made eye contact with my reflection as I slowly stroked my cock. My face was flushed, lips slightly open as I took small gasping breaths. My nipples were as hard as diamonds, and I brought my free hand up to massage my tits. My other hand slowly squeezed up from the root of my cock, milking out a copious stream of precum. It ran down my length and soon my hand was moving faster up and down my slick shaft. "Christ, this is even better." I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. 

And I lost my balance and almost cracked my skull on the tub. 

Luckily, I was able to catch myself before I did any real damage. I gently lowered my body down into the tub and laid on my back. By this point I wasn't really thinking of anything beyond cumming, and cumming fast. My hand was a blur, sliding up and down my length. In this new position precum was dripping down onto me, pooling on my stomach. I stopped molesting my tit and reached down to my sopping pussy. I slid two fingers in and quickly found that my g spot was very much in place. 

I was a moaning, sweaty mess. My stomach was splattered with precum and my thighs were slick with my nectar. My hand was tight around my cock, trying to get me where I so desperately needed to go. It didn't take very long. To be honest, if it hadn't felt so good I would have been disappointed. A dam burst inside of me, and then I was cumming.

And holy shit did I cum.

I screamed as thick ropes of the stuff shot out of me, one after the other.They just kept coming. Streaking across my breasts, splashing against my chin. One spasm shot a line of cum that went from my hair, across my nose, down my neck, and right in the middle of my cleavage. It felt like as long as I pumped my cock more would come out. And for a time it did. Eventually my orgasm subsided. My cock softened a bit and laid against my stomach, the last few shudders dribbling cum onto my belly. I lay in the tub panting, painted in my own fluids from forehead to belly button. My tongue snaked out across my lips, tasting what I had to offer.

Oh my God, I tasted incredible. I've been with enough guys to know what cum tastes like: salty, a little unpleasant, but not that bad when you get used to it. This was nothing like that. I tasted sweet, and somehow floral. Like a flower had just cum all over me. I couldn't get enough of it. I began dragging my fingers through the pools of cum on my skin, trying to get as much of it to my mouth as I could.

Once I'd I had my fill I stood on shaky legs, my cock dangling between them. I turned on the shower and began to clean myself. This turned into a nice long soak. In a house with five women in it there aren't too many opportunities to have the bathroom all to yourself. I had to be careful washing my new addition. The slightest touch threatened to bring it to attention, and I needed to figure out what exactly was going on before I lost control like that again. 

I dried off in front of the mirror, staring in wonder at the meaty shaft hanging off of me. I've slept with some well endowed men before, but this put them all to shame. My gaze drifted reluctantly away from my cock and over to the faded, almost invisible, patch of scar tissue on my hip.

Oh.

That could be something.

A year or so ago I was looking for a way to supplement my income. A friend recommended I become a lab rat, helping the scientists test drugs and whatnot. Short hours, decent pay. Perfect for a college student. Most of the trials seemed to go nowhere, but there had been one that was different. They had wanted to try and improve the body's ability to self repair. And they were looking for a very specific set of subjects. People under thirty with significant scar tissue. I was perfect. My hip had been sliced up pretty badly in a car accident when I was in high school, and while the wounds had healed fine they still looked terrible.. The treatment had worked great. My scars faded quickly. But there was more to it than that. I stopped getting scars at all. Small cuts and bruises healed overnight. When I had my navel pierced over the summer there hadn't been any of the tenderness that usually comes with a new piercing.

I wondered if there had been any other changes.

I took me a minute to find her number. It was spring break and I hoped that she hadn't decided to take a vacation, but the scientist in charge of the trial picked up on the second ring. 

"Hello?" My cock twitched a little at the sound of her voice.

"Hi, Dr. Bennet? It's Emma. Rowland. From the regeneration trial?"

"Of course. How are things? It's a few months before you're supposed to come in for more tests."

"I know, but they told us to call if there were any side effects. And I think I might have one."

"Oh." She didn't sound too happy about that. "Can you describe your symptoms?"

I looked down at the thick cock sprouting from my groin. "It might be easier if I come in and show you. Are you available?"

"Um, I am a little later. Do you remember where we did the treatments?"

"The Wilks Building?"

"Right. Meet me in room 301 this afternoon."

After she hung up I was left staring into the mirror, wondering what exactly I was going to tell her.

I looked down at my cock and sighed. "I wish I could just tell you to go away."

And it did. I watched in amazement as the thick length of my new dick slowly retreated into my pussy. Once it was gone it looked like nothing had ever been there. But I could still feel it, waiting somewhere in my belly. It almost felt like there was some new muscle in my abs. I pressed down on my stomach, and I could almost tell it was there. 

Another thought struck me. I had just told Dr. Bennet that I was having a side effect. What happened when I couldn't show it to her. I looked down at my pussy and decided to try something. "Um, come back?" I didn't sound very confident, but it worked. The wide shaft pushed its way out of me, skin shiny with my juices. It felt pretty good actually. "Ok?" My voice was starting to sound a little hysterical. "Go away again?" It slowly slid back into me. Problem solved.

I was arrived at the Wilks Building a couple of hours later. Campus was deserted, and I'd barely seen anyone on the short drive from my house. Not really surprising, it was spring break after all. I could have walked but I didn't want to take any chances. I was wearing a long, flowing skirt and a thick wool sweater, in the hopes that they would hide things if I lost control. 

Dr. Bennet was in her lab, and she smiled and waved when I walked in. My cock twitched inside of my body as I looked at her. Dr. Bennet was very pretty. She was in her early thirties, so about a decade older than me, but you never would have been able to tell our ages apart. Reddish gold hair spilled down her back. She had bright green eyes and plump lips. Her breasts certainly filled out her blouse. And her ass looked curvy and firm at the same time under her skirt. I had a bit of a crush on her when I was doing the trial. That came roaring back as soon as laid eyes on her. Having a massive cock lodged in my body didn't seem to help.

She stood and hugged me. It was a little informal for a doctor patient relationship, but that was how she was with everyone. When we broke the hug and stepped back her face was a little flushed. I guessed she was embarrassed that I was having problems with the treatment. 

"How are you Emma? I'm surprised that you're still in town."

I sighed a little. "Yeah. My family lives on the other side of the country. And I don't really have the money to go to Cancun or something. That's kinda why I started doing these trials in the first place."

"Right." She frowned. "I'm really sorry to hear that you're having side effects. You're one of the success stories from this program." She looked into my eyes and smiled again. "Can you describe your symptoms? I hope they aren't too bad."

"Like I said on the phone, it's going to be easier to just show you." I looked around the room. "Are we in private here? I'm going to need to take off my skirt."

Dr. Bennet laughed at that. "We're alone. This building is as empty as the entire school seems to be. I'm pretty sure I'm the only one here."

I nodded my head. "Ok." I unzipped my skirt and let it drop to the floor.

Dr. Bennet looked me over. "You scars have certainly faded. Unless you knew where they were before you'd never notice them." She paused. "Everything looks fine. So what seems to be the problem?"

I took a deep breath and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my panties. "Come on out," I whispered, as I dragged my panties to the floor.

The cock slid out of me. God, it was huge. It looked even bigger this time. Wrist thick and intimidatingly long. I looked over at Dr. Bennet.

"Holy shit." She brought her hand up to her mouth. "I'm sorry. But, what the fuck?"

I shrugged. "I was hoping you could tell me."

She looked completely stunned. "Ok. Um. Is it... functional?"

"Yes. Very."

"Really?" She looked at me for a second and then her jaw dropped. "You mean? Oh."

I blushed. "This morning I... I couldn't help myself. It just happened."

"Ok. Thats ok." It sounded like she was trying to convince herself. "This is a completely new situation. You shouldn't blame yourself for anything. Why don't you get up on the exam table and I'll do some tests."

She ran a bunch of tests on me. Checking my vitals, measuring everything, poking and prodding at me. She asked me all about my recent activities, hoping that something had been a catalyst for this change. She even drew my blood. 

There came a point where I thought that she must have exhausted all the possible tests she could run. But then she went out to a storage closet and came back with a sample cup. "This may be asking too much, and you are well within your rights to refuse. But would you be willing to give me a sample?"

"A urine sample?"

"No. Semen."

"Oh." I thought about it for a moment. "Ok, I'll do it. Anything to figure out what happened."

She gave me a small smile. "Ok. I'll just step outside and you can let me know when you're done."

"Um. This morning it was pretty messy." I was blushing furiously. "Maybe I should go to the bathroom or something?"

The bathroom was down the hall, so I put my skirt back on. With every step the head of my cock brushed lightly against the fabric. It felt pretty good. But I knew just how good I was about to feel, and I was shaking a little with anticipation. I could feel my cock start to swell as blood rushed down my length. 

I stepped into the bathroom and dropped my skirt again. My cock was in the way, and I couldn't resist brushing my fingers across the hot skin of my shaft as I disrobed. I held the cup in one hand as I gently stroked my half hard length. Precum was oozing from the tip, and I gathered some up to lube my hand. 

I didn't last very long this time either. My hand was flying up and down my shaft, precum dripping off to splatter into the toilet bowl. I could feel the tipping point coming, and I got the cup in place just as the first jet of cum shot out. It was so forceful that I almost dropped the cup. As it was a fair amount of cum spilled out onto my hand. It only took a few shots to fill the cup, and I sent the rest of my spunk splashing into the toilet bowl. The last little bit oozed out and and hung in a long string down to the floor.

I was panting with effort. Sweat was beaded on my skin. I reached out and collected the dangling string of my cum, bringing it to my mouth and licking my fingers clean. I did the same with the hand holding the cup. I used some paper towels to carefully wipe my length before I went back to the lab. 

Dr. Bennet thanked me for the sample, though I think she was a little shocked by the amount that I produced. Soon she was busy analyzing things and I was all but forgotten. It was so hot in the lab, and I was still sweating from my exertion. I dropped my skirt and stripped off my sweater. I sat back on the exam table wearing just a tank top, my half hard cock laying across my leg. Dr. Bennet was bent over her microscope, her ass perfectly framed in her tight skirt. Before I knew it I was gently stroking my cock, bringing it back to life. 

"Good news," she said. "You won't get anyone pregnant with that thing."

"Really?" I was barely paying attention to what she said. I couldn't stop staring at her. All I could think about was sliding my hard cock into her warm pussy. The image of our bodies pressed up against each other wouldn't leave my mind.

"Yeah. No sperm here. At least not that I can identify. There's some kind of other cell here, but I'm not sure what it is." She stood and turned while she kept talking. "I have to run some more tests but I'm pretty... Oh my god!"

Her shock brought me back. I looked down at my cock and jerked my hand away like it was on fire. "Oh shit! Oh god, I didn't mean to. I don't know what happened."

She gave me a sympathetic smile and stepped in to put her hand on my shoulder. "It's ok. We don't know what changes this has made in your body. It might be affecting your behavior too." She took a deep breath and stepped in a little closer, a deep blush on her cheeks. "This is uncharted territory." She breathed in again, this time through her nose, like she was trying to inhale some elusive scent. "Who knows where we'll end up." Her hand reached out and her fingertips brushed lightly against the skin of my shaft. 

I moaned, and my cock twitched involuntarily. Our lips met as we kissed. She was panting into my mouth. Her hand gripped my thick shaft and she began to pump. I tore my mouth from hers and let out a deep groan. 

Dr. Bennet wasn't even looking at me. She only had eyes for my cock. "You're so big. Why would you be this big?" Her scientific curiosity didn't stop her from jerking me off. Her hand barely covered any of me, and she brought her other up to help. Even then, most of my length was still exposed. Precum was oozing and dripping out of me, running down to meet her fingers. The tight grip of her hands was amazing. And it got even better when she added her mouth. Her lips engulfed the head of my cock, her tongue swirled around the rim of my crown. I moaned uncontrollably as she tried to take even more of me into her mouth. She gagged a little as I touched the entrance of her throat, and then I was in. Her hands twisted around my root as she continued to feed more of my length into her mouth. She pushed and pushed and I grabbed a fistful of her hair as she slid over half of my cock deep down her throat. She took me so deep before she had to come up for air. Dr. Bennet gasped as I popped out of her mouth, thick strings of saliva connecting her lips to my cock. The cool air on my skin was a shock. "No! Please don't stop." I was thrusting my hips at her face.

She was rubbing my dick on her cheeks, smearing spit and precum on her skin. "I'm sorry," she groaned. "I just... I had to. You taste so good." He tongue stretched out to rest against my cock head. With a sharp, muscular spasm I squirted out a generous portion of precum onto her tongue. She swallowed greedily. Then I was in her again, thrusting down her tight throat. She would drive her head down until her lips met her hands, pulling back only when she couldn't hold her breath any longer. I happy that she asked me to jerk off earlier, there was no way I would have been able to hold off my orgasm otherwise. 

Dr.Bennet pulled her mouth off me again, and gently rubbed my head on her lips. "Your cock is amazing. I want you fuck me. I need you inside me!" She was starting to sound increasingly frenzied. 

I could only nod in agreement. 

She was ripping at her clothing, buttons falling to the floor as she stripped off her blouse. Her bra followed and then her skirt. She stood there, wearing only her heels and a pair of tiny pink panties. She was beautiful. Her hair was a mess, her face smeared with our combined fluids. Her full firm breasts stood high and proud on her chest, capped by small dark nipples. She stripped off her soaked panties, revealing a cleanly shaven pussy. 

She curled a finger. "Get over here." Dr. Bennet turned her back to me and bent over her desk. One of her hands slid in between her legs, two fingers pushing into her sopping pussy. The other pulled one of her ass cheeks to the side, exposing her tight rosebud. She looked over her shoulder and into my eyes. "Come put that thing to use."

I stood, pulling off my tank top. I unsnapped my bra, pinching a nipple and stoking my cock as I stepped towards her. I squatted behind her and pressed my face into the juncture of her thighs. Her fingers popped out and I sucked the digits into my mouth. She tasted wonderful, sweet and musky and womanly. The best pussy I've ever tasted. I licked at her clit, sucked her lips into my mouth, and smeared her juices across my cheeks. And then I stood and positioned myself for entry. I ran the thick head of my cock up and down her slit, spreading her lips. She was hot and slick, dripping wet with desire. We both moaned as I thrust into her, my length pushing apart the tight muscled tunnel of her pussy. 
