 Going back to class was making me very worried. 

There was no reason why it should have. I'd had a week to get used to my new found abilities. But you try growing a massive cock and develop pheromones that make everyone around you insanely horny and see how you like going into a room full of college kids. 

Not that I wasn't enjoying myself. I'd spent the week fucking five of the most beautiful women I knew. And all of them had accepted me for what I'd become. Friday night had dissolved into a ridiculous orgy with all four of my roommates and I engaging in every sexual act we could think of. I'd woken up Saturday morning in Amanda's bed, covered in sweat and cum, surrounded by the other girls. My cock was already hard and dripping, the tip brushing my lips. I fucked each of them in turn, giving them the best wake up I could think of. 

The weekend became more low key after that. Just because we were fucking each other now didn't mean we had stopped being college students. It didn't matter what my genetalia looked like, I still had a twenty page paper due on Wednesday. Amanda still had to go to work. Kelly still had to go to soccer practice. And we all had homework and studying to do. And we found the time to make dinner and drink some wine while we watched a terrible movie on Sunday night, like we always do. 

Not that I stayed celibate for two days. Whenever the mood hit me one, or two, of the girls were always there to lend a hand or mouth or pussy. I even let them watch while I sucked my own cock in the shower on Sunday morning. My moods seemed pretty infectious too. Dani, Amanda, Kelly, and Katee were all as enamoured with each other as they were with me. Quiet little moans and orgasmic screams flowed through our walls, interrupting my studies and making it hard to write about Central European politics in the mid-seventeenth century. I even walked in on the twins in the bathroom. Katee was bent over the sink while Kelly's tongue pushed into her asshole. That one ended with all three of us on the floor, my cock slamming into Katee's rectum while she ate her sister's pussy. But things never devolved into an hours long orgy that left all of us barely conscious and soaked in our own fluids. Probably a good thing. I still wanted to live a mostly normal life. 

And then it was Monday morning, and I was standing outside the door to my American Diplomatic History class. I took a deep breath and crossed the threshold. 

It wasn't as bad as I had feared. Maybe being in a fairly large room meant my pheromones couldn't concentrate. Whatever the reason, nobody seemed to notice anything different about me. Another data point for Ali's research.



I was actually pretty happy. There was a guy in class, Mike, who always sat next to me. We'd been flirting all semester and I was hoping to get some alone time with him soon. He came in right before class started, a big smile on his face once he saw me. 

But it quickly became clear that something was off. He was friendly and flirty at first. But he started drifting away, our conversation less and less engaging. Within minutes it was like I wasn't even there. The weird thing was, I didn't even mind. Whatever I had found so attractive about him before was gone. 

The blonde freshman girl who sat on my other side was another story altogether. I had noticed her before. She was very pretty, with a button nose, blue eyes, and the sort of body that only eighteen year olds with great genes get to have. It didn't hurt that she had a habit of wearing clothes that showed a lot of skin. Today it was a little blue tube top that hugged her generous breasts and a pair of jeans that looked painted on. But we'd never really talked before. Now she couldn't keep her eyes off of me. As class was coming to a close she practically jumped at the chance to talk with me. 

"Hi, I'm Hannah." She was almost shaking from excitement.

I smiled at her and shook her hand. "Hi Hannah, I'm Emma."

She was obviously looking for a reason to keep talking with me. "Um, this is the first advanced class I've taken. Last semester it was all intro classes and pre-reqs. I don't want to get behind. Would you mind sitting down and talking with me so I can make sure I'm on the right track? Maybe let me pick your brain about school?"

I had to think about it for a second. I knew what would happen if we met up. The thought of her tight body riding my cock was making me wet. But did I really want to go down that route? Who knew what she would do once she saw the real me. But she was standing right there, her nipples pushing through the thin cotton of her top, and in the end my libido defeated my common sense. "Sure. Are you free this afternoon? Say, 2 o'clock or so?"

She nodded eagerly.

"OK. Meet me in front of the library then. We'll find somewhere quiet."

The rest of my day went mostly as expected. I spent some time in the library working on assignments, went to another class, and then mostly just hung out waiting for my appointment with Hannah.

Every college campus has some sort of secret quiet spot, perfect for studying, a quick nap, or maybe a discreet hook up. The lucky few who are in the know jealously guard the secret. At my school this was the top floor of Blaine Hall. Hannah gasped when she saw it. "Wow. This is incredible." 

She wasn't wrong. Six massive stained glass windows were spaced down each side of the room. Heavy bookshelves turned each window into its own private alcove. The window sills were wide and padded, perfect for laying out and taking a nap. It was almost like a cathedral.

Hannah was stunned. "What is this place? And how do you know about it?"

"An ex-boyfriend showed it to me," I said, leading her down to one of the far windows. All the other alcoves were empty. "I think it's some sort of old storage space. I looked at some of the books once, but they're just accounting ledgers from decades ago. Sometimes it seems like everyone else has forgotten it exists." 

We sat down and started talking. I didn't take very long before I found myself liking Hannah. She was a very intelligent girl, with a level of self assuredness that I had'nt possessed when I was her age. She obviously didn't need my help with the class, she had the schoolwork down. So we starting talking about family and home. She had grown up with a single mother and an older sister. They sounded very close. I could certainly see myself hanging out with her for reasons other than her body. 

Hannah seemed to have other ideas. She started sliding towards me, slow enough that I didn't really notice at first. But then our thighs were touching and I couldn't ignore her. I looked into her eyes and saw a split second of panic. And then she leaned in to kiss me. 

She moaned into my mouth, her hot little tongue darting out to flick across my teeth. She broke away with a quiet groan. "Oh my god. Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I'm not, I never..." She was starting to freak out.

I reached up and cupped her cheek. "It's OK. I don't mind."

She just looked at me, and for a second I worried that she was about to run out. 

And then she leaned back into me, all of her hesitation gone. 

Hannah's mouth was hot and hungry on mine. Her hands grasping at my clothes and fumbling with the buttons of my blouse. She kissed the hollow of my throat as she stripped off my shirt. I hooked my thumbs into her tube top and slid it down to her waist. She gasped as I palmed her breasts and leaned back with a moan. She looked down, astonished, as I rolled her nipples between my fingers and then leaned in to suck on the stiff nubs. She had wonderful tits, full and firm, with big pale nipples. Hannah cradled my head as I worshipped her chest, leaving wet trails of spit on her breasts and in her cleavage. She moaned as I began kissing my way down her stomach. 

She lifted her hips as I pulled off her jeans. I was having an effect on her. Her panties were soaked, and her nectar was slick on her inner thighs. I pulled off her underwear and revealed her pussy. She was flushed and dripping wet, her cunt shaved bare except for a tiny triangle of blonde hair. I reached in and spread her lips with two fingers, revealing her pink core. She was trembling like a leaf. I grinned up at her. "You ready?" Hannah gulped, and then nodded. 

The first touch of my tongue to her pussy had her moaning. Her thighs flexed and her back arched. She was so wet that I had to swallow every few licks. Her nectar was intoxicating. I decided that I needed to fuck more freshmen, if they were all as delicious as Hannah. She was definitely enjoying herself, shaking and moaning above me, her hands grasping and squeezing at her breasts. I slid two fingers into her, curling them back and stroking her g-spot as I flicked my tongue across her clit. Her pussy flexed, like it was trying to devour my fingers, and a rush of fluid spilled out onto my palm. I pulled my hand out of her and reached up, feeding Hannah her own juices. She sucked on my fingers like they were the only thing keeping her alive. I slid my tongue in between her lips, letting her smear her nectar all over my chin and cheeks. She was gushing now, juices running down the crack of her ass to soak into the cushion under her. I drank her down, making her cum again with just my tongue, and then again with my fingers. I was soaked in her. Her nectar had run down my chin and chest. My bra was dripping wet, streaks of her cum ran along my belly. Finally, she reached down and wrapped her hands into my hair, pulling me up to share a sloppy kiss, her taste fresh on my lips. 

We stayed like that for a while, not talking. Eventually, Hannah leaned back and sighed. "Holy shit. That was amazing. I think you just got me off of guys forever." She looked over and saw me grinning at her. "I'm serious! If all girls are as good as you, I don't think I really need a dick again."

"If you say so," I said as I stood up and removed my bra. I dropped my skirt as I walked towards the end of the bookshelves. A quick peek into the room confirmed that we were still alone. My panties join the rest of our clothes on the floor. With a thought my cock slid out of me. I was so turned on that the fat head pushed up into my cleavage, and I had to will myself down to a more manageable size. My back was to Hannah, so I had to look over my shoulder to talk to her. She was still laid out on the window sill, one hand idly stroking her pussy. "But you might be surprised."

Hannah's eyes were only half open, and she wasn't really paying attention to what I had in my hand as I walked back to her, stroking my already slick rod. It wasn't until I dragged the tip of my cock across one of her nipples that she noticed the change in me. "Whoa," she gasped, sitting upright. "Where did that come from?" 

"Don't worry about that. You just need to think what you're going to do about it." I slowly stroked by cock from base to tip, milking out a thick bead of precum. It ran down my shaft and over my fingers. 

Hannah licked her lips and grinned. She leaned in, her tongue snaking out to catch the next fat drop of precum that flowed from my tip. She groaned at my taste and then went for more, taking the whole head into her mouth. Hannah was a talented cocksucker, gorging herself on my length. Her hands came up and wrapped around my shaft, twisting and squeezing at me, extracting all the precum she could. I loved it. Freed from stroking my own pole I began to massage my breasts and pull on my nipples. Hannah was looking up at me adoringly as she swallowed my cock. Precum and spit were spilling past her lips and running down her chin. She pushed my cock deeper into her, my tip brushing at the entrance to her throat. Then she pulled off gasping, thick ropes of precum bridging the gap between her lips and my cock. It took her a second to find her voice. "I want to take all of you. And then I'm going to drink your cum."

It didn't take her very long to make good on that promise. She dove back down on my cock, pushing herself until the spongy head was pressed firmly against her throat. With one swallow, I was inside her. She slowly worked her way down my cock, lips straining and tears forming at the corners of her eyes, until her nose touched the skin of my stomach. And then she pulled back until just my tip was held lightly between her lips. Again and again she swallowed me whole. Each time a little smoother, a little faster, until I was sliding in and out of her at a rate that would make Ali proud. Her hands were locked onto the cheeks of my ass, using them as leverage to drive my cock. I could feel my pussy dripping and flexing and I had the sudden urge to find another girl like me, someone who could fill me up as I face fucked this little freshman girl. 

That pushed me over the edge. "Oh fuck. I'm cumming!" I groaned as Hannah slid her lips down my cock, pushing her nose into my belly. And then she stared up at me, her cornflower blue eyes unblinking as I pumped rope after rope of hot cum into her belly. For what seemed like an eternity she kept my rod buried in her, her throat flexing around my length as she swallowed. Eventually, I was finished. She slowly pulled her head back, lips milking my shaft to dredge up every bit of cum left in me. When she reached the end my head fell from her lips. A tiny trickle of white running from the corner of her mouth the only evidence of the load I just shot into her. Hannah took a deep, shuddering breath and her tongue snaked out to catch the last of my cum before it slid down her chin. 

The strength in my legs suddenly disappeared, and I sagged against the bookshelf next to me. I managed to turn and sit on the padded bench next to Hannah. I looked over at her in amazement. "Nobody's ever been able to do that before, to drink all my cum," I said, shaking my head. "That was incredible."

She grinned and blushed a little. "I've never had much of a gag reflex. But that's the biggest dick, and the biggest load, I've ever taken." She ran her hand down her belly. What had been toned and flat was now just slightly rounded, like she had eaten a huge meal. "Fuck. You filled me right up."

I grinned and shrugged, unsure what to say. 

Hannah smiled too, and then dropped down on her knees in front of me. She leaned over and kissed the tip of my half hard cock. I gasped at the sensation and blood started to rush back into my length. She gently stroked me as she looked into my eyes. "I need you to fill me up again."

I stood up, pulling her with me. Our lips met, tongues dueling, our breasts mashed against each other. Both of her hands were on me now, jerking me with increasing fervor. Fat drops of precum were spilling from my tip, running down my shaft and coating Hannah's fingers. With a thought I made myself a little longer, a little thicker. Nothing too crazy, just enough to let her know what I had in mind. My hand was on the back of her neck and I spun her around, pushing her up against one of the bookshelves.

Hannah leaned into the shelves, spreading her legs and sticking out her ass. Her beautiful pink pussy was flushed and ready. Her thighs were wet with her nectar, thin tendrils of pussy juice were running down her legs. I stepped forward and rubbed the thick head of my cock along her slit. She moaned and shuddered as my glans stroked across her clit. The tip of my cock slid between her lips and I pushed in, hilting myself in a single thrust. It was like she was on fire, so wet and hot that it took my breath away. Hannah's moan was half scream, her knuckles going white where she gripped the bookshelves.

I fucked her slowly, drawing my cock out until just my tip sat between her dripping lips and then sliding back into her. My length filled her perfectly, every ridge and ripple of her pussy conforming to the shape of my dick. Hannah was almost catatonic with pleasure, her breath escaping her lips in quick, shaky bursts. She rested her forehead against the cool wood of the shelf. Both of her hands came back to grip the cheeks of her ass, spreading herself wide for me. 

I took that as an invitation to really get to work. My tempo increased, my cock plunging into her depths, my hips slapping against her ass. Hannah's moans were coming constantly now, long high pitched exclamations punctuating every time I thrust into her cunt. The muscles of my abdomen tightened as I fought to hold off my orgasm. I could feel my cockhead swell every time I bottomed out, thick bursts of precum flooding her passage. Between her cunt and my cock there was enough natural lube that it was splashing onto the floor. 

I was approaching my limit. I reached around Hannah and grabbed her breasts, roughly twisting and pulling her nipples. I hilted myself one last time, and began spilling my cum inside of her juicy cunt. Hannah and I were both moaning now, our gasps synced up with the blasts of cum pouring out of me. Hot white spunk started to squirt out from her cunt, coating my thighs. I stayed buried in her pussy til my load was spent, then I gingerly withdrew, my cock flushed and sensitive. As soon as my cockhead popped out of her Hannah collapsed to the floor. She laid there gasping, my cum slowly flowing out of her gaping pussy. Eventually she looked up at me and smiled.

"What else can you do?"

An hour later we were still there. I was leaning up against the shelves, watching as Hannah suckled on the tip of my cock. I was on my sixth orgasm of the hour and when she had finished draining me she sat back grinning. She had her fingers in my pussy and my ass, keeping me hard as a rock. Hannah was splattered liberally with my cum, and my spunk was leaking from her cunt and her rectum. 

I had a momentary burst of guilt. Whatever my pheromones did to make women attracted to me also seemed to completely remove their inhibitions. Hannah had definitely been an anal virgin before today and now she couldn't get enough of it. I hoped that she wouldn't regret it later. 

Then Hannah swiped her tongue across the head of my cock and I forgot all about my concerns.   

We had to split up soon after that. She had class and I was exhausted. But we made sure to schedule another study session. 

I spent the rest of the week adapting to my new reality. Luckily, my pheromones didn't seem to attract anyone in my other classes. Which was a good thing, I wouldn't have been able to get anything done. As it was, I still had four insatiable roommates to entertain. I had to enforce a schedule just to keep them off of me. Each night one of them would sleep in my bed. Whatever happened during the day was fine, but I needed my rest. 

Of course, it wasn't just my roommates I had to satisfy now. Ali was busy with actual work, but Hannah had abundant free time. She demanded that we meet twice more during the week. Once more in the secluded stacks of our first fuck, and then later for a quicky in her dorm room. Not that I minded, Hannah was a good time and fucking her stopped me from roaming campus looking for victims. Though her roommate did almost catch us. I was just pulling on my pants when she walked in, a thin mousy looking girl. Hannah was wrapped up in her sheets, obviously naked, so she must have known something was going on. But I'd rather have her thinking Hannah was a lesbian than know the truth.

Despite all the changes in my life the week went quickly. We had a busy weekend planned. It had been a tradition of ours to throw a party the first weekend after spring break. When we had been freshmen it was a small affair in the dorms. But now we had a house, and the scope of the event had grown accordingly. By Saturday night our home was crowded with friends, friends of friends, and a decent number of randoms who just showed up. Hannah had even dragged a few of her freshman friends out. 

I was having a good time. Amanda had talked me into borrowing one of her dresses. It was a tiny thing, thin and tight. And cut so deep in the front and back that there was no way I could wear a bra. I had to admit, I looked pretty hot. We had pushed all the furniture to the side of the living room to make a dance floor and I was taking full advantage of it. I was busy grinding on Danielle, the goalie from Kelly's soccer team. We had hung out a few times before, and I hadn't noticed any any attraction between us. But tonight she couldn't keep her hands off of me. I had my suspicions why. 
