 Getting an MRI is unpleasant. It's cold. And shockingly loud. You'd expect a sterile white tube to emit, at most, a gentle hum. The whines and thumps that the hidden machinery let out were not improving my mood.

It didn't help that I was completely naked, lying perfectly still, listening to commands from Ali through a speaker. 

I'd agreed to let her study me and the changes that had happened to my body. After all, it was her medical trial that had resulted in me growing a huge cock. And all the things that followed from that. The least I could do was help her figure out what had happened.

Of course, I got to fuck her when we were done. So I could handle a little discomfort. 

"How are you doing in there?" Ali's voice sounded distant as it came through the speaker.

"Can we just get this over with? I don't really like it here."

"Ok." I could hear the amusement in her voice. "Go ahead and do your thing."

"How big do you want me?"

"Um. Let's start normal and then go up from there."

Normal for me was still pretty big. My cock pushed out of my pussy, spreading my lower lips. I let out a happy sigh as it flopped up onto my belly, a foot of hot throbbing meat. Muscles somewhere inside of me flexed and a small dribble of precum leaked from my tip.

"Ok, just hold there," Ali said. The machines around me whirred and knocked. "Emma, I'm getting some good data here. What I need you to do now is start to get bigger, but try to do it slowly. That'll help me see what's going on."

I did what Ali asked, inches of dick flesh creeping out of me. The spongy head pushed between my breasts, leaving a slick trail of pre as my length increased. Finally I was maxed out, my tip just brushing my chin. My head flared, and a large burst of precum dribbled out, soaking my neck. Once my cock was unleashed it started to get a mind of it's own. I'd need to cum before it would go back down. 

The MRI continued to work around me for a while. My cock twitched and flexed the whole time. A steady stream of pre trickled out of me, pooling in the hollow of my throat. A particularly violent spasm passed through my length, shooting out three ropes of sticky sweetness onto my face. 

Eventually, the machine surrounding me went silent. I heard a door open, and the sound of Ali's heels on the tile floor. The padded bed I was lying on began to slide out of the MRI.

Ali grinned when she saw the state I was in. "Making a little mess in there, are we?" She reached out and dragged a finger through the precum that was running down my cheeks, bringing it to her mouth for a taste. Her other hand gently stroked up my length. My hips thrust up involuntarily, searching for something to fuck. I tilted my head up just in time to capture my crown between my lips as a mouth-filling shot of precum burst out of me. Ali let me suckle on my tip for a minute or two before she wrapped her hands in my hair and pulled me off of myself. I came away with a whine.

"No cumming yet," she scolded. "I need you to do that while the machine can record it."

I was confused. "Aren't there a couple of problems with that? I'm gonna cum all over that thing, and I don't want to clean it up. And, you said I had to stay very still, so it can get good pictures. How am I going to get myself off if I can't move? I'm not a wizard."

She just smiled. "I thought of that." Ali reached into the pockets of her lab coat and pulled out a condom and a small egg shaped vibrator. "These should take care of things."

"Ali, you may not have noticed, but I cum a lot. I don't know if a condom can handle me." Don't get me wrong, I like the way I taste. But a hospital was not the place to have a condom full of cum explode all over me. 

"You might be surprised," she said, unwrapping to condom and unrolling it over my head. It looked like pink cellophane, extending just past the ridge of my crown. "Condoms can actually hold quite a bit of fluid."

She fished a roll of medical tape out of her pocket and taped the vibrator to me, pressing it against my flared ridge. She looked down at me. "You ready?"

I nodded and laid back down on the bed. Ali flipped the switch on the vibrator before sending me back into the depths of the machine.

The vibrator was very effective. It didn't take long before I was gasping and struggling to stay still. Precum started to fill the tip of the condom at an alarming rate. I watched in amazement as the thin latex stretched and swelled. The ball of pre was the size of an apple, and getting bigger, as it began to droop down towards my chest. My breath was coming fast now, my heartbeat pounding in my ears as I tried to hold on just a moment longer. Then I let the floodgates open. I groaned as cum poured out of me. The translucent ball of pre became opaque. The condom swelled alarmingly as I filled it with liquid desire. The heavy weight of my cum pulled the condom down until it rested on my chest, a burning hot bulb that dwarfed my breasts.

I cradled the hot balloon of cum as I slowly slid out of the machine. It was amazing what my body could do. I only hoped that Ali would be able to learn something from all these tests. 

She only smiled when she saw the full condom hanging off the end of my cock. "See? I told you it would hold enough." Ali reached out and carefully tied off the condom. "I'll just keep this as a sample."

I cleaned myself up and got dressed as Ali went to look at the data. By the time I joined her in the control room she was staring at the screen, her mouth gaping in astonishment. 

"Well? Get anything good?"

She looked up at me. "Better than I would have believed, but I still don't know what it means. Come take a look."

I walked behind her and looked at the screen. The image didn't look like any part of the human body I was familiar with. "I have no idea what I'm supposed to be looking at."

"Right." Ali used the mouse to highlight one part of the picture. "This is your vagina, before you let your penis come out. It looks completely normal. But watch what happens when I advance the footage." She hit play.

For a second, there was no change. But then I saw what looked like swelling along the roof of my vagina. After a moment I was certain. I held my breath as I watched my cock grow out of me seemingly from nowhere. 

"But that doesn't make any sense," I said, placing a hand on my belly. "I can feel it when it's inside of me. Like it's there waiting."

Ali shrugged. "That might be all in your head. I can only show you the data that I recorded. There's more you have to see. Watch what happens when you cum." 

I turned back to the monitor. The moment of my orgasm was very obvious. It looked like a balloon inflated inside my pussy, at what was now the base of my cock. Again and again, the balloon filled and then collapsed, sending cum shooting up my length. 

"Whoa. Where does it come from?"

"I have no idea. As far as I can tell, it generates right when it's needed." Ali shook her head. "There's enough here to give me something to study. I'll figure this out."

We didn't have much time left to use the MRI. I picked up our things while Ali downloaded the data. We were heading for the door when she reached out to me. "Hey. I know this is uncomfortable for you. But you've been a big help." She pulled me into a deep kiss. "Besides, you get your reward now."

Ali's house wasn't far from campus. I was feeling sticky from the pre I'd smeared all over myself, so I demanded that we take a shower.

Not that we really intended to get clean.

For some reason, the floor of Ali's shower was padded. I never got around to asking her why, but it really helped when I found myself on my knees, face buried in her pussy. Water cascaded down on us as I tongued her clit. One of my hands was up, squeezing her breast. The other was wrapped around the stiff length of my cock.

Ali wasn't being shy. " Fuck! Get your tongue in my pussy." She tilted her hips forward a little and place a hand on the back of my head, pushing me up against her. I did my best to comply, pushing my tongue deep into her sopping cunt.She tasted incredible, her nectar bursting onto my tongue and running down my chin. I was using my whole face to stimulate her, my lips brushing across her clit, sucking her petals into my mouth. Ali's legs were shaking, her hold on my head getting stronger as she tried to push my face deeper into her pussy. She came without warning, a deep moan coming out of her mouth as her pussy squirted nectar across my face and breasts.

I stood and kissed her, sharing her taste. We devoured each other hungrily. Our hands came together on my cock, fingers interlaced as we stroked my slick length. Ali broke our kiss and pushed me up against the shower wall, pressing my breasts against the cool tile. Her lips left a trail of kisses down my spine as her hands spread my cheeks. I moaned as her tongue flicked across my tight rosebud, my cock swelling and spitting precum onto my stomach. But Ali didn't stop there, she drifted lower, spreading my dripping lips with her fingers and spearing me with her tongue. Since I'd grown my cock I'd only been eaten out a couple of times. I'd almost forgotten how good it could be. Ali's skilled tongue helped me remember.

She had me on the edge of orgasm when she pulled away. I whimpered a little, but then moaned again as her fingers pushed into me. Her tongue returned to my asshole. No mere flick this time, she pushed into me, exploring my crevices. Her fingers were doing their own work, filling me up perfectly. My cock was growing in time with her penetrations, adding inches with every thrust. The flared mushroom head slid through my cleavage and swelled until it brushed my chin. I swallowed myself without even thinking about it. It was perfect. I was drinking down my precum, my tongue flicking across my tip. Ali's tongue was buried in my asshole, her fingers filling me up. I was so full.

"Fuck!" I had to pull away, strings of pre connecting my lips and my cock. "Fuck Ali. What do you have in me?"

"Both of my hands." I could hear her smile in her voice. " Can't you tell?"

"No! I just feels... oh my fucking god so good! It just feels like I'm full." Just the thought of both of her hands in me made my cock swell even larger. 

"Hmm. Let me try something." Ali stopped rimming me, and then I felt something change in my pussy. "How do you feel now?"

"Still full," I moaned. "But I could tell you did something."

"Interesting. I pulled one hand out, and you just tightened right back up." There was a gentle pressure at my pussy, and I moaned as I felt her second hand sliding back into me. My cock swelled and sprayed a massive load of precum across my face. Ali began gently thrusting into me again. "You're incredible. You're so tight, but as soon as I put my hand back you stretch perfectly. It's like you're made for this."

I didn't really care about the scientific implications of her discovery. I just needed to cum. I swallowed my crown again, drinking down my liquid desire. Ali's tongue was back in my asshole, her hands thrusting into me with increased urgency. It didn't take long. I came with a moan, flooding my mouth. I pulled away from my cock, letting cum spill onto my lips, my chin, my neck. Soon, I was coated in a thick layer of hot white. It streamed down my chest, dripping off my nipples and running across my stomach.

We actually tried to get clean after that. Not that we did a very good job of it. I was focused way too much on scrubbing Ali's breasts and ass. She couldn't keep her hands off of my cock. 

Whatever, we were having fun.

At least we waited until we were dry to start fucking again.

Ali was busy drying her hair, so she wasn't paying attention to me. Which was too bad, I was hard as a rock, slowly stroking my length. She finally finished, and looked over at me.

"What do you plan on doing with that?"

I didn't even answer. I just grabbed her and pushed her against the wall. She giggled and put her hands on either side of the full length mirror she had hanging there. With a single thrust I buried my length in her. Her giggles turned to moans. Our eyes locked in the mirror and I was shocked by our appearance. Our hair was wet and mussed, our skin flushed, the nubs of our nipples were rock hard, our areolas puffed out in arousal. We looked like animals, or gods. Our breasts bounced every time I thrust into her. I was lost in the rhythm of fucking her. The only sound in the room was our breath and wet squish from my rod sliding into her cunt. I reached around her and grabbed at her breasts. She turned her head and our lips met, our mouths hot on each other as I hilted myself over and over. I was thrusting harder now, the need to fill Ali with my seed driving me. I pushed into her one last time, my thick head splitting her muscled walls, my tip pressing up against the furthest reaches of her pussy. We came together, Ali's cunt spasming around me as I filled her with my load. It was one of the more intense orgasm I'd had. My muscles clenched so hard it felt like my spine might crack. I filled her to the limit with a single shot. The rest of my cum began to squirt out from where we were joined, running down our legs and dripping onto the floor.

We took a second to catch our breath. I pulled out of Ali slowly. What looked like a gallon of cum followed my cock and dripped down to the floor in long strings.

Ali turned, kissed me, and then dragged me off to the bedroom without saying a word.

I woke up a few hours later. My cock felt heavy and sensitive where it lay against my hip. I'd used it on Ali every way I knew how, losing count of the number of times I'd cum. I hadn't been gentle with her. She hadn't taken it easy on my either. Ali had a fine collection of toys, and she wasn't shy about using them. My pussy, my ass, even my throat were a little sore. But it was was a good kind of sore. I looked over at Ali. She was still asleep, sprawled out on the other side of the bed. Her hair was a mess, her skin still glowing in the aftermath of the orgasms I'd given her. Between her legs her pussy was red from the battering I'd inflicted, her lips glistening and still spread open. It was enough to make me start to get hard again. 

But first, I needed something to drink. 

Ali was awake when I got back from the kitchen. I had a glass of water in one hand, the other was idly stroking my half hard cock. I had been thinking about what I was going to do to her once I got back to the bedroom, but I guess she beat me to it.

She was face down on the bed, her ass up in the air. Three fingers of her right hand were stroking in and out of her rosebud, her other hand busy playing with her clit. She looked at me, an expression of pure lust on her face. "Please. I need it."

There was no way that I could leave her disappointed. I settled on the bed behind her, resting my cock in the crack of her ass. Pre was drooling out of my slit, and I helped it along with my hand, milking out a river of slick desire onto Ali's fingers. She kept thrusting them into her asshole, prepping herself. When she was ready she pulled her digits out, thin strings of precum connecting her fingers to her rosebud for an instant. Her gaping hole was calling to me, the small muscles of her ring flexing slightly with her heartbeat. I placed my cockhead at her entrance and pushed in.

I met some initial resistance, but her muscles relaxed, and soon I had several inches of hard meat buried in her passage. We moaned together, an indescribable feeling of pleasure connecting us. I had taken Ali's ass three, maybe four times already that night. But something about this time was different. I couldn't tell what it was, but somehow she felt as if she were made just for me. Like I fit into her perfectly.

I started thrusting, sliding deeper into her with each push. Inch after inch of me disappeared into her depths, until my hips pressed up against her. I began fucking her, giving her long strokes of my full length. To do it, I had to stand on the bed and squat down over her. It would have been comical if it didn't feel so good.

Ali agreed with me. "Yes! Yes! I fucking love it! I love your cock! Fill me up!" Both of her hands were on her cheeks, spreading herself for me. I gave her everything I had, pulling out until just the tip of my cock rested in her and then slamming back into her ass. My thick precum was lubing my passage, and wet lewd noises were coming from our juncture. Ali's moans were punctuating the whole scene, becoming increasingly frenzied as she raced towards orgasm. A torrent of girlcum poured out of her pussy as her ass flexed around me. She screamed through her climax again and again as I slammed into her.

"Do you like it when I fuck your ass?" I wasn't done yet, but I was almost there. I wanted to make this time memorable. 

"Yes! Yes, I love it!"

"Are you my little asswhore?"

"Oh god yes!" She came again, soaking her sheets.

"Who owns you?" It seemed like the right thing to say in the moment.

"You do! You own my ass!" Ali was certainly getting into it. "Please! Cum in me! Fill me up!"

I hilted myself one last time and began pouring my spunk into her ass. Massive shudders ran through me as burst after burst of cum shot out of my tip. I bent over Ali's back as I flooded her. Cum started squirting out around my cock as I bit the nape of her neck, marking her as mine. I began pumping into her again, using my wide head to draw out my cum. It ran out of her asshole and down onto her pussy. One of Ali's hands met it there, desperately fingering herself and pushing my seed into her cunt. I was still cumming, thick ropes flying out of me and filling her anal passage. Eventually, my orgasm came to a halt, and I slowly pulled out of her. A river of cum came with me, joining Ali's own juices on the sheets. 

I collapsed next to her, completely drained. She looked at me with sleepy eyes, and then moaned as she brought herself to one last climax. Her pussy squirted again, making that side of the bed all but impossible to sleep on. Ali curled up next to me, and fell asleep in my arms. 

That became my life. I fucked my roommates, went to class, fucked Hannah, came home. Once a week I met up with Ali so she could run some new test on me, and then I fucked her. But nothing came of it. No new developments or revelations emerged. 

Until something happened that April.

It had been about a month since I'd grown my cock. Life had settled into a pretty normal rhythm. Sunday mornings were a quiet time in the house. I was sitting at the kitchen table studying. Dani and Katee were in the living room, watching TV. Kelly was at soccer practice. Amanda was at her job. The average observer wouldn't notice anything too different about the way we were living. 

One thing that had changed was our at-home wardrobe. I had always been an advocate of wearing as little as possible in the house, sticking to t-shirts and panties most of the time. The rest of the girls had been more normal in their day to day dress. But something about the changes that had happened to me had made all of us more willing to dress down. I was wearing a tight t-shirt, the kind where you could just about see every freckle on my breasts, and the same hot pink booty shorts I'd worn to seduce Katee and Kelly. Nothing too unusual for me, though the fat cock sticking out of one leg would have been shocking to an outsider. I'd received a decadent, sloppy blowjob from Amanda right before she left for work, so I was able to focus on my studies.

Dani and Katee had embraced my fashion sense with gusto. To be honest, they were probably taking it a little too far. Dani was trying to wear a very loose tank top. But she's taken most of the cloth and pushed it into her cleavage to expose her breasts, sort of defeating the purpose of wearing it in the first place. Not that I minded. A tiny green thong did its best to hide her pussy, but it was so small that it was almost hidden between her puffy lower lips. Katee looked just as fuckable. Her nipples were just barely covered by the bottom fringe of a cutoff t-shirt, leaving the lower slopes of her breasts fully exposed. A pair of thigh-high socks completed her outfit, no bottoms necessary. They both occasionally looked over at me from their seats on the couch, naked longing in their eyes. I knew what they wanted, but I'd forbid them from starting anything until after I had finished my reading for the day. It was the only way to ensure that I'd get anything done.
