 The changes came quickly.

My cum was making girls grow cocks. And the idea of it obsessed my friends. I invited Hannah over, everyone skipped class and called in sick from work, and we entered into a week long, cum filled orgy. Ali and I were milked for every drop that we had. She claimed that she was staying at our house to observe the changes in the other girls, for science. But all her waking hours were filled up with pumping as much spunk into our friends as she could manage without passing out. So she didn't have much time to take notes. All the girls wanted what we had.

It didn't take long. Dani joined us on the second day of the orgy. We were in the living room. I was taking Amanda from behind, my cock sawing in and out of her dripping snatch. Dani was on the couch in front of us, legs spread to give Amanda's questing tongue access to her slit. Hannah was on the floor next to us, barely conscious, a growing pool of cum leaking out of her stretched asshole. I was approaching climax, about to fill Amanda, when Dani's moans peaked and then turned into a shocked scream.

"Oh my god! Guys, I think something's happening!" She pushed away from us, sliding back on the couch. Amanda and I watched, stunned, as Dani's pussy spread open and the fat head of a cock pushed it's way out. It was an interesting sight. Ali and I had just woken up one morning with dicks attached to us, so none of us had seen this first moment before. Dani's back arched, her head tilted back, mouth open in a silent scream. It kept coming, inches of throbbing flesh flowing from her pussy, looking incredibly massive on her slight frame. When it was over the fat head of her new cock was resting between her breasts, precum already flowing from her tip.

"Holy shit," Dani whispered. "This feels better than I expected." She pushed her tits together, trapping her dick in a cage of soft flesh. She began thrusting her hips, giving herself a tit fuck. Precum shot from her tip and splashed against her face. Dani moaned as she licked her lips clean. She looked down at me and Amanda. " I need to fuck someone. Now."

I reached out for her hand. "I've got a couple of free holes for you." Dani pulled herself up, cock bobbing in front of her and splattering precum down onto Amanda's back. She stepped behind me and settled onto her knees. I moaned as she pressed the wide head of her cock against my slit. With a single thrust she split me open, her cock pounding into my cervix. It felt incredible.

"Oh shit. Is this what it's always like for you?" Dani punctuated her question with another deep thrust. 

She felt so good that I could barely speak, my eyes rolling back into my head as my pussy convulsed around her length. Finally, I was able to collect my thoughts. "It's always tight, and wet, and perfect. Fuck me hard!" My moan turned into a scream as her cock got even thicker. Dani must have learned a new trick. "Did you just do that?"

"Yeah. I just have to concentrate..." Dani's voice trailed off. She was still for a second, and then her cock expanded again. It felt like she had a log buried in my cunt. I could swear I felt my hips spreading open to accommodate her girth. I came, girlcum spraying out of my pussy to pool on the floor. 

And then Dani really started to fuck me.

We turned into a machine. Dani thrusting deep into my cunt, pushing me down into Amanda's abused slit. Amanda pushed back, sending me straight onto Dani's pussy wrecker of a cock. Hannah had managed to sit up against the couch, eyes like saucers as she watched us fuck. Her fingers were plunging desperately into her pussy. A moan escaped my lips as she added her thumb and pushed her hand in to the wrist, fisting herself. 

Dani was a natural. Her hands were wrapped around my breasts, roughly pinching and tugging at my nipples. She was pulling her cock almost all the way out of me on every stroke. The return trip filled me to my absolute limit, hitting every spot in my pussy along the way. I was in a state of almost perpetual orgasm, my pussy dripping and flexing around her. A near constant stream of cum was flowing into Amanda's pussy, squeezing out around my cock and getting churned into a froth by the energy of my fucking. I had a moment a clarity, a sudden realization of how absurd and insane this whole situation was.

But an instant later Dani came, destroying any rational thought in my mind. Her cum was like a fire blooming inside of me. I arched my back and wailed, a massive load of my own spunk spraying into Amanda. Dani's cock flexed in me as rope after rope sprayed against my cervix. I could feel my final wall dilating, hot cum flowing directly into my womb. I lost strength in my muscles and flopped down over Amanda's back, content to lay there as Dani filled me to my limit and beyond. It took its toll on her too, and she fell back, her cock coming free of my pussy with a wet pop, her last few shots of cum landing on my back in burning hot lines. 

Eventually, I found the willpower to push myself off of Amanda. Cum poured out of her gaping pussy. Dani was on the floor behind me, gasping for breath. Her cock was ridiculous, knee length and as thick as her thigh. I said a silent thank you to the medical trial that gave me the ability to stretch around something that huge.

Dani propped herself up on her elbows and looked at her massive prick. "Whoa," she said, reaching out to rest a hand on the throbbing flesh. "I may have gone a little overboard." Her eyes closed, after a second she began to shrink. In the space of a few breaths her cock was half of what it had been. Still wonderfully big, but manageable. She looked up at me and smiled. "Let's go show everybody else."

They were suitably impressed. And not far behind with their own transformations. 

I was buried in Kelly's ass when I felt a sudden pressure. She went stiff and silent, until a low, shuddering moan escaped her lips. I looked over her shoulder and saw the wide mushroom head of her shaft staring back at me. Without saying a thing she bent her neck and swallowed herself, feasting on her cum while I filled her ass with my own thick load.

Amanda chose a more traditional route. When we went to bed, she was normal. The next morning her fat rod was resting between the cheeks of my ass. It took her a long time to wake up. So Katee and I entertained ourselves by passing her back and forth, drinking deeply from the river of precum that was flowing from her tip.

I wasn't even in the same room as Hannah when her time came. Hunger had finally got the best of me, and I was in the kitchen making a sandwich when rapturous screams started coming from one of the bedrooms. I got there just in time to watch as Hannah began spraying ropes of hot white onto her own face and chest. I skipped the sandwich. 

By the end of the week we were a house of dickgirls. Fat cocks and a bottomless supply of cum to go with our breasts and pussies. Everyone was happy.

Everyone but Katee.

For some reason, the change didn't happen to her. As the week went on she became more and more desperate, insisting that she drink as much cum as possible, in the belief that there was some threshold that had to be met before she would get her dick. But nothing came of it. Katee was despondent. 

"I just don't understand," she said, sniffling a little as she tried to hold back her tears. We were in the living room, trying to mentally prepare ourselves to return to our normal lives. Ali and Hannah were even dressed, something we hadn't seen all week. "I've been with you guys every step of the way. Why am I the only one left out?"

Ali reached over and squeezed her hand. "Sweetie, this is all new. There could be so many factors involved in the timing of this that it could happen any day now." She leaned in a kissed Katee on the cheek. "I want you to start coming by my office. If there's something different about you, we'll figure it out."

Katee just nodded, and pulled Ali in for a long hug. 

Ali quickly confirmed that some changes had occurred in Katee's body. Her scars were fading, her skin seemed to be more resilient to damage. And most importantly, she had become as elastic and flexible as the rest of us, able to take massive insertions without discomfort or pain. Kelly and I confirmed it one night when we pushed both of our cocks into Katee's ass. She came so hard that she passed out.

But the thing that she most desired eluded her. 

There wasn't really anything the rest of us could do to help her. Besides fuck her as often as possible, which we gladly did. 

So, that was how we lived our lives. We tried to be as normal as we could, at least outside of the house. We still had classes, and jobs, and friends, plenty of things that could be ruined if our secret got out. We had to learn a whole new level of self control. I think we did a pretty good job of it. We didn't have to initiate anybody else into our secret club. Though every now and then I would notice one of my friends looking at me strangely. I assumed that my pheromones were hitting them a little. I'm sure their boyfriends were happy with the outcome, even though they would have been shocked at the truth behind why their girlfriends were suddenly so unquenchably horny. Maybe that was our purpose in life, to travel the world inspiring the women around us to new heights of sexual debauchery. Better living through pheromones, or something like that.

But that was out in the real world. At home, we were able to be our true selves, to really let our hair down and try things that we'd never even dreamed of before. The house was our sanctuary, the one place where we could fuck like animals all day long and no one would say a thing. I felt a little bad for Ali and Hannah. They had to live away from us, had to hide themselves for most of their time. Hannah had it the worst, living in the dorms. She spent a lot of time at my place.

We all worked hard a living a normal life. But when you have five or six dickgirls in one place, things can get a little out of control. To be honest, I didn't think it was possible to have more sex than I already was. But now that the other girls had the same abilities as I did, the dynamic in the house shifted. I had been used to being the one to initiate sex. The one calling the shots. Not any more. And the thing was, I liked it. 

Most days, I was waking up stuffed with cock. One or two of the girls would have snuck into my bed, spread my legs, and speared my pussy or my ass before I was even fully conscious. I liked sleeping with my cock as big as I could make it, so by the time I was awake my face was smeared in a thick coat of my sticky pre. My first meal of the day was a creamy, hot load of myself, quickly followed by my cunt or my bowels being filled by one of my friends. There was nothing I'd rather have. Not that I wasn't take-charge sometimes myself. But let's be honest, I wasn't a morning person. So it was a good time to get me. 

Not that there was really a bad time for any of us. Unless we were facing a deadline on a paper or some crucial project, we were game. 

Even Amanda, usually the most shy and tentative of us, got into the act. It took her a little while, but she finally found the will to let her lusts take over. And she surprised me one afternoon.

I only had one early class that day, so I had the whole house to myself. I was reading in the living room when Amanda came back. She waved to me and then walked back to her room, I went back to my reading. It was a good book, so I didn't even notice when she walked up next to me. The first warning I had was when something hot and wet brushed against my shoulder. I looked over to see the dark head of her cock staring at me, the wide slit dribbling precum down onto my arm. 

"What do you have going on here?" I smiled and reached out to wrap my hand around her shaft, my thumb tracing a small circle on the underside of her cockhead. 

"I want you," Amanda whispered. She thrust her hips, fucking my fist. Precum shot out of her and splashed across my breasts. "I want you now."

"That's all you have to say," I said, smiling.

I sat my book aside and turned towards her, kneeling on the couch. She was naked, a vision of mocha skin and dark nipples. I hefted her rod, savoring it's weight and heat. My hands traced along her skin, running down to where her pussy lips split around her fat shaft. Amanda moaned as I teased her dripping petals. She was soaked, and her nectar quickly coated my hands. I used it to lube my passage back up her cock, gently stroking as I smiled up at her. Her eyes were on me, a look of pure lust on her face. 

I filled my mouth with her cock, the taste of her precum flooding my senses. Amanda's hands were wrapped up in my hair, slowly pulling me onto her length.She hit the entrance to my throat, and then went past it, inches of cock disappearing into my gullet. My own rod was stiff against my belly, drooling pre onto the lower slope of my breasts. Amanda kept driving into me, feeding her cock into my hungry mouth, until my nose pressed into her stomach. The muscles of my throat flexed around her, milking out a stream of precum that filled my belly. She was cutting off my air, and my vision started to go dim. My hands were gripping her ass and they began to flex involuntarily as she choked me. Finally, she pulled out, her cock dragging up a mass of spit and pre that spilled past my lips to coat my chest. I pulled down a few deep breaths, and then coughed, spitting up a glob of precum that hung from my chin like an obscene pendulum. Amanda looked down at me as she stroked her cock, one eyebrow raised in a silent question.

I grinned and nodded. "Again."

Amanda fucked my throat, using me like her own personal cock sleeve. I couldn't hope to contain her, and mixed fluids poured past my lips in a waterfall. She gave me the occasional respite to catch my breath, but it wasn't enough. My sight was going black at the edges when she finally stopped. Her cock popped out of my lips. I fell back, lying on the couch, gasping and coughing. I was soaked, spit and precum dripping off of my nipples and running down my stomach. My own cock was about to explode, with every shuddering breath I took it shot another line of pre across my tits.

Amanda looked concerned. "Are you OK?"

I smiled up at her. "More than OK." My voice was a hoarse rasp.I started massaging my breasts, rubbing her precum into my skin. "That was awesome. What else do you have for me?"

She dragged me to my feet and took my place on the couch. Before I could climb on top of her she grabbed my hips and spun me around. The hot rod of her cock was nestled between my ass cheeks. I giggled and started moving my hips, jerking her off with my ass. Amanda moaned, and a burst of pre shot out onto my back. But she had more substantial things in mind. Her hands went to my hips again, and she pulled me back. I straddled her legs, the fat head of her cock brushing against my pussy. Her tip was just pushing into my dripping petals when she stopped me. Amanda's cock slipped from my cunt, only to come to a stop against my asshole.

"Oh, is that what you want?" I moaned as her spongy head began to push into my anal ring. "Good idea."

Inch after inch of hot flesh filled me up as I lowered myself down onto her. My pussy was gushing, my cock spasming and drooling precum. My hips touched down, and a shot of pure white cum fired from my tip and splashed against my chin. I rolled my hips, relishing the feeling of her filling me up, and then began the long trip back up her shaft. Amanda leaned back and let me do the work, watching as my stretched ring traveled up and down her rigid pole. Every time I touched down another blast of cum would fly from my cock. After just a few trips I was coated. And more kept coming. I had lost control of my cock. It was swelling and stretching, becoming a fat rod reaching for my face. The cumslit at my tip was flexing open as more and more of my spunk rolled through it. I couldn't help myself. I tilted my head, taking my cock into my mouth. My tongue pushed into my slit a little, seeking the source of my sweet cream. 

I was in heaven. Each thrust of Amanda's cock hit me in just the right spot, forcing out another rope of cum into my mouth. I couldn't even swallow any more. I just let it spill past my lips to drip down onto my chest. Amanda reached around me, he hands squeezing down onto my slick breasts. She pulled me back onto her, and I turned my head to meet her lips. We kissed, tongues dueling, while another rope of cum shot out of me and splashed against our cheeks. 

Amanda began thrusting into me with increased fervor. She moaned into my mouth, her entire body going stiff as her climax raced through her. I felt her cock swell, stretching the walls of my rectum. Heat bloomed inside of me as she started pumping shot after shot of her cum into my ass. My own orgasm was anticlimactic in comparison. My cunt flexed, my cock spewed out what little cum I had left to join the creamy mass covering my torso. Amanda had already forced so much out of me that I just didn't have anything to give. She made up for my failings, filling me with her hot spunk. It began leaking out around her cock as her flow finally tapered off.

I leaned back against her, trying to catch my breath. Amanda kissed me on the shoulder, a gentle counterpoint to the hard cock still embedded in my ass. I turned my head to return her kiss, and we stayed like that for a while, kissing and gently stroking. Eventually, I leaned back and sighed.

"I think I need a shower."