 "Party time, party time." Dani was dancing her way down the aisle of the market, pushing a cart full of beer and wine ahead of her. "It's time for a party time." Her lyrics had been getting increasingly nonsensical as our shopping trip went on.

Not that I cared. I was mostly focused on the way her ass moved in her tiny black shorts.

Amanda came around the corner holding a couple of handles of vodka. "Guys, we're just mixing this with some fruit punch, so the cheap stuff is fine, right?" She held up the plastic jugs, showing off a picture of a vaguely Russian looking guy. Amanda's own jugs shifted under the thin cotton of her camisole. 

Dani just shrugged, her hips still swaying to her own internal beat. 

"It's gonna be a bunch of college kids," I said. "I think cheap is the standard."

Amanda put the handles in the cart. "Good point."

It was the end of the semester. Finals were complete, grades were posted, our junior year of college was over. And we were throwing a party. 

Dani, Amanda, and I had been sent on a mission to stock up on drinks for a serious night. We got beer, wine, liquor, and every mixer we could think of. Kelly and Katee were only 20, so they got to stay home and get the house ready. 

The cashier couldn't keep his eyes off our breasts. I didn't really blame him. None of us was wearing anything heavier than a thin tanktop. And bras were completely out of the picture. If you focused hard enough I'm pretty sure you could see the color of our areolas. He was certainly trying.

"You girls having a party?" He gave us what he probably thought was a charming grin.

We just nodded. None of us spoke until we go to the parking lot.

"Ugh! Did you see how he was looking at us?" Dani shuddered in an exaggerated fashion. 

"I know," Amanda agreed. "I feel dirty."

"He would have been pretty surprised when he saw what we're packing." I winked at them. 

We were still laughing about it on the drive back home. 

When we got back to our house we were greeted by the sound of flesh slapping against flesh. A long moan spilled out of the dining room. "Fuuuuuuuuuuck!"

I looked over at the other girls and shrugged. We walked towards the sounds of rough sex.

Katee was on the table, her legs spread. Kelly was plunging her cock into her sister's pussy with long, hard strokes. She paused as we walked into the room.

"You're back," She gasped, her chest rising and falling as she drew in deep breaths. "We got bored waiting for you."

Katee leaned her head back and gave us a tired small. She waved slowly. "Hey guys." Her words trailed off in a moan as Kelly began thrusting into her again. 

"All right," Dani exclaimed. She stripped off her top, her shorts followed. The glistening head of her cock pushed through her lips as she walked toward the twins. Katee made a noise that was half groan and half laugh as Dani walked towards her. She opened her mouth, tongue reaching out for Dani's tip. Dani gave her what she wanted, feeding her inches into Katee's gullet until the brunette twin's head was between her thighs. 

"I guess we have some time until the party starts." I was already pulling off my own clothes. Amanda joined me, milking a wave of precum from her cock as she reached out for one of Katee's breasts. I stood over the other fat mound, watching for a second as Katee's tit jiggled under Kelly's assault. My lips locked around her nipple, sucking a generous portion of tit-flesh into my mouth. I worried at the thick nub with my teeth. Katee was moaning around Dani's cock, her hands thrashing and grasping at the table. I grabbed one of them and dragged it to my dick. She wrapped her hand around me and began pumping. Her tit fell from my mouth with a wet pop, red and engorged where I had bit into her. I liked leaving my mark on Katee, even if it didn't last long.

My roommates were taking their own liberties with Katee's body. Judging from the pool of cum under Katee's ass, Kelly had been at it for a while now. Dani was plowing her cock down Katee's throat, the distention of her passage obvious with every thrust. Amanda was rubbing her cock all over Katee's breast, smearing her skin with precum. I joined her, Katee's hand milking out rivers of sticky lust that dripped down onto her tits. 

I turned my attention to Kelly. "We need to get her on the floor. I want her ass."

Kelly nodded and pulled out of her sister with a wet slurp. Dani backed away as well and we helped Katee to her feet. Kelly had already sat down, her cock hard as her sister positioned herself. Katee lowered herself down, slowly taking everything Kelly had to offer. She leaned into her sister, their lips meeting in an incestuous kiss. Kelly reached back and pulled Katee's ass apart, exposing her tight ring. It was slick with cum and Katee's own nectar. I pressed the fat crown of my cock against her, and she opened to accept me. Katee's ass was hot and tight, her muscles flexing around me wonderfully. She tilted her head back and moaned as I hilted myself in her. Dani took the opportunity to occupy her mouth again. Amanda was temporarily without a home. She settled herself with slowly jerking her cock, until a strange look filled her eyes. She moved up behind me, her cock hot against my ass. She leaned in and gently nibbled on my ear.

"Can you move forward some and still stay in her?" Amanda's tongue flicked across my earlobe.

"Yeah. Why?"

"You'll see."

I slowly shuffled my way forward, my cock tilting under me, but staying buried in Katee's ass. Amanda squeezed in behind me. The pressure of Katee's ass increased suddenly. Amanda was wedging her cock in alongside mine! Katee went perfectly still, a constant vibration racing through her limbs as she came. A high, shrieking moan escaped her throat, squeezing past the plug that Dani's cock was forming in her throat. 

I was moaning as well. "Good idea Amanda." I shifted my hips a little, delighting in the feeling of our cocks grinding together in Katee's anal passage.

"I thought you might like it." She reached around me and grasped my breasts. "This way all four of us can take her at once."

That's exactly what we did. Kelly was slamming into her pussy, wet squelching noises coming with every thrust. Dani was buried deep in her throat, letting the spasms of Katee's muscles massage her cock. Amanda and I worked together, thrusting into Katee's stretched ass as one. The sensations were almost too much for the poor girl. She was shaking and twitching, a stream of nectar dripping from her pussy as she came almost continually. She started to go slack between us, her eyes rolling back into her head. The four of us started thrusting into her increasing urgency.

"Are you all ready?" Dani asked, her hips wet where Katee's spit had smeared across them. 

We were. Our own moans were spilling out of us now, our rhythm breaking up as we started to seek our own completion. We came together, our cocks expanding and shooting a set of massive loads into Katee's orifices. It felt like my orgasm would never end. Amanda's cock was flexing next to mine, and every expansion of her rod seemed to fuel my own climax. Cum was pouring out of Katee's ass, squeezing around our paired cocks and joining Kelly's cum as it streamed from her sister's pussy. 

After what seemed like an eternity, we were finished. We were all still and silent, the only sound the gasping of our breath. Suddenly, Katee began pounding on Dani's thighs. Dani quickly withdrew from Katee's mouth.

Katee turned to look over her shoulder. "Something's happening! Pull out, pull out, pull out!"

Amanda and I quickly back away from her. Katee rolled off of her sister. Her hand raced down to her pussy, turning into a blur as she desperately frigged her clit. Her head tilted back, her moans turning into a scream. She came, a thick burst of girlcum pouring out of her spreading lips. 

And then it happened.

The head of a fat cock pushed out from her pussy. 

Katee immediately reached down and started jerking herself off. She came quickly, thick ropes of cum flying out to coat her tits.

Kelly crawled over to her and leaned down to kiss her sister. "You did it baby. You're one of us now." She reached down and wrapper her hand around Katee's new length. "Feels good, right?"

Katee bit her lower lip and nodded. "Yeah, it's good." Her voice was thin and brittle. She gasped, and her eyes became huge. "There's more coming!"

Kelly leaned back, a look of confusion on her face. "More?"

Katee's mouth fell open in a silent moan, spit dripping from her lips. Her hand moved faster on her cock, becoming a blur. She came again, pressurized streams of cum flying directly into her open mouth. Her pussy gaped open, a flood of nectar flowing out of her. And then another cock emerged from her spread lips. 

We all gasped and stared speechless as a second penis flopped up onto Katee's belly. She reached down and began pumping her second cock with purpose. She came again, this time from both rods, adding another layer of spunk to her tits. 

Dani was the first to break the silence. "Holy shit," she whispered, reaching down to slowly stroke her own growing length.

"Yeah," I said. "I guess we know why it took you so long."

Katee slow got to her feet and leaned back against the table. Her dual equipment bobbed in front of her. They were stacked vertically, one on top of the other. The lower one was just a little bit longer than the upper. Pre was already drooling from her tips. Katee stared down at her cocks, her eyes huge. Without warning she started sniffling, tears rolling out of her eyes and down her cheeks. 

Kelly rushed to her side. "Katee, what's wrong? I thought this was what you wanted?" She reached up and wiped the tears from her twin's cheeks.

"It is what I wanted." Katee was visibly struggling to bring herself under control. "It's just a lot to absorb. You know?"

Kelly leaned in and kissed the side of her neck. "I know, baby. But I think I have an idea that will help you adjust." She reached down and wrapped her hand around one of Katee's cocks. "The girl's and I are gonna help you out."

And so we did.

Two cocks let us divide and conquer. Kelly and Amanda took one, Dani and I got the other. Our tongues did most of the work, running up and down her rigid lengths, dueling across her slits. Dani and I shared a mouthful of her pre, letting it smear across our cheeks. I swallowed her tip, forcing myself down on her until she was buried in my throat. My hand ran down her length to the juncture of her thighs, intent on filling her pussy. I was too late, a jumble of fingers from three other hands were already occupying Katee. I moved back to her ass and found the same result. I decided to split the difference, Pushing my thumb into her stuffed cunt, and slipping three of my fingers into her ass. 

I let her withdraw her cock from my throat, giving Dani a chance to swallow her. My gaze drifted up to Katee's face. She was in ecstasy, sheer bliss written over her features. I could tell she was close.

"Give it to us Katee. We need your cum." I pushed my fingers deeper into her ass. 

She moaned and shook her head. Her cocks swelled alarmingly. Dani pulled off of her with a strangled choke. We lined up, tongues out, and waited for her load. Her cocks came together, thick streams of cum flying out of her to splash against our faces. We were coated in an instant, hot rivers of her spunk rolling down our chests and dripping off our tits. 

Katee was looking down at us, gasping as the final trickles of cum squeezed their way out of her cocks. I stood, licking her spunk from my lips. She tasted amazing. "How was your first time?" I asked. She didn't answer, so I leaned in and planted a deep kiss on her lips. She was still for a moment, and then her tongue reached out for mine, her lips moving against me. Katee wrapped her hands into my hair and pulled me away.

She looked at me for a moment, her eyes suddenly blank. "This is all your fault."

"What?" I tried to pull away, confused. But she held on to me, her grip tightening in my cum soaked locks. "Katee, what do you mean?"

Katee shook her head. "All your fault," she repeated. Her voice was a low whisper. She jerked my head back.

"Ow! Katee?"

One of her hands moved to my hips, and she spun me around. With a strength that I didn't know she had, Katee pushed me down onto the table. She still had my hair wrapped up in her hand, and she held me down, despite my struggles.

I froze when I felt one of her cocks brush against my pussy. The familiar pressure of a spongy tip pushing against my asshole followed. I couldn't help but release a moan as she pushed into me. My cock was rock hard, brushing against the underside of the table. Katee took me relentlessly, driving inch after inch of her new rods deep into my holes. It was only when her hips pressed into my ass that she spoke again.

"All your fault." She withdrew until just her tips rested in me. With a single thrust, she was hilted again. "This. Is all. Your. Fault!" Every word was another thrust. Concern and lust were mixing in me. Lust was winning. I'd been double teamed a lot since the rest of the girls got their new assets, but this we different. Something about the perfect synchronization of Katee's cocks took the experience to a whole new level. I was too busy enjoying myself to respond to her accusations.

"Why? Why me?" She was still pounding into me. "I was normal! We were normal!" Her cock was slamming against my cervix. My own rod was spitting a steady flow of pre onto the floor. "You changed! And then you changed us!" Not exactly my fault, but I was too busy drooling on the table to argue with her. "I fucked my sister!" That one made me cum, a rocket of hot spunk flying out to pool on the floor below me. "And then! When it was time to get our own dicks! I didn't get one! Why not?" I couldn't really answer that. "And now this? God damnit, Emma! What's next?" She stopped talking, the only sound her grunts and the wet slap of our flesh meeting when she trust into me. I came again, and again. She was insatiable. But not unstoppable. I felt her cocks swell. Katee screamed at me one last time. "Fuck you, Emma!" An explosion of cum flooded me, filling up my bowels and squirting out of my stuffed pussy. She came for an eternity, hot white spunk pouring into me, until it overflowed my capacity to take it and ran down to the floor.

When she was done, Katee leaned over my back, her breath hot on the nape of my neck as she gasped for air. I couldn't take the silence for long. "I'm sorry," I said, my voice a small whisper.

She sat up a little. "What?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't know you felt that way." I turn to look at her. "Are you ok?"

She nodded, and stepped back, pulling out of me. "Yeah. I'm... I'm fine. I don't blame you for anything. I just... I've been pretty frustrated lately." She had such a look of embarrassment on her face that I couldn't help but giggle.

I gently pushed myself into a standing position. My legs were pretty weak, so I leaned on the table. "I get that. Are you feeling better?"

"Yeah. I think I just had to get that out of me. And, I mean." She gestured down at her crotch. "This is pretty incredible." 

Dani came up behind Katee and hugged her. "I'm glad you feel that way. I got a little worried there." She reached down and gently ran a finger along the top of one of Katee's half-hard cocks. "Now who gets to go next?"

"Mmm." Katee started grinding her ass into Dani's cock. 

I held up a hand. "Wait, guys, I don't want to kill the party. But we're about to have an actual party. With our friends. People are going to be here soon." They all looked over at the clock. I was right, we'd been going at it for longer than any of us realized. "We have to clean up. And you all know what will happen if we give in to our urges."

They all nodded in agreement. We'd end up fucking each other until we passed out if we didn't exercise some will power.

Dani pouted. "That's easy for you to say. You already go to try her out."

"Hey!" Katee said. "I'm right here."

"I know, baby. Just," Dani ran her hands up Katee's body and cupped her breasts. "Look at you. You're amazing. I can't wait til you use both of those things on me." Dani's eyes lit up. "Oh. Do you think you can put both your cocks in my pussy? And then two of you can take my ass? And one of you gets my mouth? Ohmigod."

That was enough for me. "Guys. Self control. Let's get cleaned up."

I was able to drag Dani off Katee in time to get everything ready for the party. I think they eventually ran off together some time that night. 

But by then I was too busy with my own girl to notice.

The party was a hit, as usual. Everyone was dancing and drinking, generally having a good time. It went pretty late into the night. And I got more than a little drunk and horny. Which is how I found myself sitting on a chair in a dark corner with a freshman named Candace grinding on my lap. She was one of Hannah's friends, a petite eighteen year old with black hair. In my defense, I think I had found the perfect level of drunkenness. Just enough to have control of myself. I could feel my rod throbbing inside me, but it didn't seem to want to come out and play. Maybe I just had whiskey dick. 

I was enjoying myself. Candace and I had been talking for a minute, mostly about school and summer plans, when she pushed me into a chair and straddled my hips. She was aggressive, trying her best to push her tongue down my throat. I didn't mind, I just reached up her shirt and tweaked her nipple. She moaned into my mouth and started grinding on me. We broke apart with a gasp.

Candace placed her hand over mine, pushing my fingers deeper into her breast. "The other girls said you were hot. But they didn't even get close to how you really are." She leaned into lick the side of my face, stopping at my ear. "I want you."

I didn't have to respond. My free hand glided up her thigh, under her skirt, until I was cupping her pussy. She was burning hot, the fabric of her panties soaked with her lust. My pheromones must had completely flooded her system. I pulled the thin covering aside and plunged two fingers into her dripping depths. She made a cute squeak and then grinned at me. Her hips started moving again, her pussy grinding against my hand. I could tell she was close, her pussy gripping at my fingers and starting to drool nectar down onto my lap. She kissed me as she came, moaning into my mouth, her limbs jerking uncontrollably. I withdrew my hand from her sopping cunt and pushed the slick digits into her mouth. Candace sucked them clean with obvious pleasure. 

When she finally came down from her post orgasmic high I looked up at her. "My room is back that way." I raised my eyebrow in an unspoken question. 

She bit her lip and nodded eagerly.

I woke up late the next morning with the remains of a hangover still lodged in my brain. Someone was moving on the bed, and I thought it was Candace before I remembered that she had gone home at some point in the night. Fucking someone without using my cock had been strange after so long. But I was proud that I had remained in control. Candace had been enthusiastic and energetic. I could still taste her pussy on my lips. I was definitely going to have to call her. 

So who was in bed with me?

A pair of soft hands spread my ass cheeks. The round tip of a cock pressed against my tight ring. And then another joined it. I knew there was only one person in bed with me.

"Mmm. Is that you Katee?" I sighed as the two hard shafts began to gently spread me apart.

Katee chuckled behind me. "You know it, baby. I missed a lot of opportunities to fuck you when I didn't have a cock. Now I need to make up for that." Her words trailed off into a quiet moan as she pushed a little deeper into me. "Did you have fun with that girl last night?"
