 Sorry about the delay in posting a new chapter on this story. Now that the edits have slowed down, I should have more time to devote to both this story and Nisey's Awakening. As always all feedback is welcome.

*

Gabriel held the girl's spirit to him. He could tell by touch alone she was older than he and weary both in body and soul from years of abuse.Perhaps that's what drew her to me. We're two kindred spirits and I won't let her go. She'll arise above this crime against her for I'll allow no other outcome. Even at his young age Gabriel had inherited not only his father's arrogance but his mother's canny resourcefulness. She's my chosen, and I will not go without her and end up at the impasse my parents are. Only death can take me from her. 

"Let me go." Kóh's dark eyes pleaded with him.

"No. We'll find a way to rid you of this drug so you're going to come home with me where we can protect you."

She rolled over, giving him her back. "Don't make promises you can't keep boy. I've been here for too long to believe in them."

"Well I don't make promises I can't keep. Once my parents come, we'll take you home and you'll recover. I command no less of you."

"You command?" She seemed to bristle with outrage. Rolling back over, she pinned him with her dark eyes. "What gives you the right to command me?"

"We're chosens. Chosen by time and fate to be mates."

"Chosens? What the hell is that?"

"Each person has a perfect mate they'll bond with physically, mentally and spiritually. And you happen to be mine. 

A look of disbelief crossed her face. "You're kidding, right? You're a little boy. What the hell do you know about sex or mating?"

"More than you'd think I know, Kóh. I grew up in a House of Eluran." 

Confusion crossed the girl's face. "A house of what?"

Reaching out, he took her hand with his. "Eluran. They're temples where unmated wizards come to engage in sexual congress."

"Wizards? You've got to be kidding me. You've been reading too many Harry Potter books." 

"Harry Potter? I'm not familiar with this. Mom was barely able to scrape up enough money for my textbooks. Recreational reading was a luxury we couldn't afford while we were in Sandova."

"Sandova? Where is that? Mars? Whatever you've been smoking I want some." Trying to pull back from him, she frowned when he refused to release her hand. 

"I haven't been smoking anything, my chosen, and I'm from the planet Venus - not Mars."

"I'm not your chosen!" Her protest was physically violent before the rest of what he'd said sunk in. "Venus? Like the same place King Rand came from? I heard he took one of the girls who used to be here back with him. They say she married a king." Longing filled her expression.

"I've never met Queen Katrina but my father is related to her. She's his sister." 

"Get out! If she's your aunt - why haven't you met her?" 

"I didn't say she was my aunt, simply that she's my father's sister and the reason I've never met her is because my mother and father are still battling it out over the mezclar. Until he claims her and me, I'm nothing more than a bastard child of the former prince of Sandova." 

"Just like me." Her hand tightened around his for the first time. "So why are they arguing?" 

* * * *

Rand tightened his grip on the arms of his chair. In front of him was King Gaerwn and his son, Sean, the current ruling family of Sandova. When his requests for a complete report on the accusations and trial against the former King Angi and his two sons from the High Council in Venus' capital city hadn't gotten him anywhere, he'd decided a trip to their capital was a must. The shock was apparent when he'd arrived without his wife and only his father Mica, the former High King, as company. 

The deceit was so thick in the room, Rand was surprised it didn't foul the air with its stench. While Gaerwn was calm in the face of the inquest or official review that Rand had called into the trial of the former king. Sean paced nervously back and forth, his long strides carrying him swiftly from one side of the room to the other. On the other side of the room, Mica was keeping a close eye on the proceedings and the participants. 

"Welcome King Randall. What an unexpected surprise. I understand you and your father are looking into the claim of a dethroned Prince. I'm sorry he has troubled you with this matter. Philip never did let go of his anger about his father. It's quite unfortunate he absconded with a member of the royal family. He now has a warrant out for his arrest." 

Leaning forward in his chair, he studied the man. "Really? I take it your son's chosen has disappeared then?" 

"No, we just left her in the solar." 

"Who exactly has Philip absconded with then, since the only members left of your family is you and your son?" 

Gaerwn gave him a practiced but weary smile. "I wish I could say that's true, but contrary to popular belief, my oldest daughter still is alive." 

Rand arched a brow at him. "Do tell." 

"After Philip abandoned her when his father was found guilty, she had a breakdown in her personality. I had to send her away. At the time I didn't realize she was carrying a child." 

Playing along, Rand decided to see how far the other man would go. "I'd think even if your daughter needed to be institutionalized, you'd want her child with you." 

"And bring a bastard into the ruling family of Sandova? My family has never acknowledged a bastard child and I don't intend to start now." 

"What if the child happened to be Philip's? Wouldn't that give him a good reason to take it?"

"The child is insignificant but my daughter..." 

Rand couldn't believe Gaerwn was dismissing Gabriel with such ease.

"...despite the fact she's not stable, she's still my daughter. When he left Venus with her after attacking her personal guard, he committed treason against the royal family of Sandova. My advisors seem to think he's planning on using her as leverage to get his crown back."

"Could it be he took her because she's his chosen and his leaving Venus could kill her?" 

His father cleared his throat. Glancing over at him, he saw the look that Mica shot towards Sean. Narrowing his eyes in understanding, he glanced at the son who was still pacing like a caged lion. The son was the weak link. He turned his attention back to Gaerwn.

"That's nonsense. They never mated. All the signs were there but when he left the mezclar remained unconsumed. His whereabouts have no effect on her." 

His anger flared at the man's outright dismissal of his own daughter. Ruthlessly, he shoved his anger down. It wasn't going to help his agenda in restoring Philip's family the throne. He'd deal with the man's abuse of his daughter at later date. What happened to Sara should never have happened and he'd be damned if he'd let it go unpunished. Grasping the reins of his self-control, he turned the conversation back to his reason for visiting.

"Now, about this claim by Philip. As High King, I've a responsibility to investigate any and all claims of dispute when it comes to the ruling families of Venus. Since he petitioned me, I am duty bound to see this through regardless of what he may or may not have done. I'd like to see the scrolls of King Angi's impeachment and consequent banishment." 

"I understand your position, King Randall. Can I offer you a repast while my advisors go and fetch the scrolls in question?" 

Rand cocked his head before answering. "That'd be nice, King Gaerwn. I'd appreciate it if you'd personally oversee it while I get to know your son and heir better. After all, a man in my position should be familiar with the heir to the Sandova throne, don't you think?" 

King Gaerwn stood and nodded slowly. Rand knew his position as High King meant the man couldn't outright refuse him without giving him a reason why he didn't want Rand speaking privately with his heir. The king rose from his chair and strode from the room, his body language showing he wasn't pleased at all. 

Rand waited until he was gone before standing and approaching Sean. His dad joined them.

"There's no need to be nervous, Sean. I'm not going to attack you. I just wanted speak to you privately. From my understanding, you were a witness along with your sister during King Angi's inquest?"

Sean stopped pacing and nodded. "I was escorting Sara back to her room when we passed the King's chambers and a young girl crawled out into the hall. She was beaten, bloodied and had been assaulted sexually. After sending my sister to her room, I tried to help her but it was too late. She died in the hallway in my arms."

"Your sister left right away?" Mica placed a hand on Sean's shoulder. 

"Yes, she said the sight of the made her nauseous and she fled back to her room. By the time a servant passed by, the girl had died. She begged me to let her go." 

"That must've been difficult." Rand spoke over his shoulder as he approached the wet bar. "Would you like a drink?"

Sean shook his head. Walking over to the closed door, he flipped the lock before he sank down into a chair. He cradled his head in his hands. 

"Sean?" Approaching Sean, Rand studied the man.

"I can't do this anymore. This has got to stop." He looked up at Rand. "You've got to stop him. He is totally out of control -- maybe even insane."

"Stop who? Who's insane?" 

"My father. He killed the girl and framed the last king for it. Then he poisoned our mother, exiled one sister to the House of Eluran, while he has been using the other as a sexual slave. She's now pregnant and I fear for the babe's life once it's born. He's let his desire to rule overrule everything else, including his family." 

"So you're saying your other sister..." Shock was apparent in Mica's voice.

"Kira." 

Rand nodded. "Kira is pregnant with your father's child?" 

"His or mine. I don't know which of us fathered her babe." 

Ice dripped from Rand's voice. "Yours?" 

"He used his power to alter Kira genetically. He took my magical and physical profile to recreate Kira in the image of the woman who'd be my perfect mate. My chosen. In her altered state, she calls to me on every level physically, emotionally and spiritually. I tried to resist her but once the mezclar began it was hopeless." He lifted his head and met Rand's eyes. "I hate him for it but I love my chosen and our unborn babe. Do with me what you must - but protect her, she's completely innocent in all of this horror." 

* * * *

Clara followed her instincts and realized after an hour of searching with no results, she was going to have to go back on the shadowplane and find Gabriel. She waited until Iason came to a stoplight. They'd been headed towards Cedar Rapids but she didn't know if they were even heading in the right direction.

"This is pointless, Iason. I'm going to have to go out on the shadowplane. We need more information. What little I got from the shadow embrace wasn't enough to help us locate him. This time I'm going to have to talk to him."

"Be careful, Clara. If anything happens to you, I won't be happy." The steel in his voice sent shivers through her. She knew he was worried about losing her.

"Always, love." Pressing a quick kiss against his lips, she settled back in her seat before heading out on the shadowplane. Since she'd be instrumental in helping him into his existence, Clara could find Gabriel with little problem. The problem was that once she found him, she must recognize where he was located so she and Iason could bring the girl back to the farm. Gabriel isn't going to leave her without a struggle and I don't want to traumatize him by separating them before we can cement his bond with the girl. 

Ignoring the bright colors she scanned the area, looking for the cool color of Gabriel's power. Like most clairvoyants, Clara could see auras and the boy's was very specific and very strong. It was dark red, almost bordering on amber. Plus it reflected him, his desire to succeed but with the earth tones, and in its power it was easy to see why he was going to be a guardian of Venus, - her lands and all of her people. His strength was amazing for one so young. Even those outside of his birthright. That's why it's so important we don't lose him and his chosen. They're going to be Venus's saving grace.

When she finally spotted what she was looking for, she made her way towards him. Keeping her focus on him, she wandered down a narrow hall and into a small room. Relief flared through her when she is saw him sitting on the floor, holding the hand of a dark skinned teenager. The girl looked like she was about four or five years older than Gabriel and they were quietly talking. It looks as if Gabriel is already working his magic on his chosen. 

"Gabriel." 

He turned towards her and she noticed the girl behind him pulled away and curled up defensively. This is going to be rougher than I expected. Her fears are so strong that they will have to be dealt with immediately.

"Oh hi, Auntie Clara. I was kinda expecting Mom but I'm happy to see you. Mom did too much again, didn't she?" 

Clara smiled at the boy. "Don't worry, Gabriel, she's resting with your father. Which is why I'm here, we can't leave you out here." 

He squared his shoulders and crossed his arms over his slender chest. "I won't go without her." 

"I'm not asking you too, sweetheart. But I need to know where she is, so we can bring her back to the farm, to you." She placed a hand on his shoulder. "We need both you and your willow." 

* * * *

A sense of rightness flared through Gabriel as her words washed over him. 

"Yes, my willow. She'll always be my willow." He nodded and turned back towards Kóh and placed his hand on her shoulder. "Mine." 

"What did you say?" Kóh rolled over and her whisper sounded as loud as a scream in the small room.

"Mine." He let his need to be with her show in his eyes along with the possessiveness he felt towards the girl who would one day be his mate in every way possible.

Sitting up, she pushed his hand off her shoulder. "No before that. What did you call me?" 

"My willow." He sat down on the bed next to her. Reaching out he touched her ebony hair. "Why?" 

"You've finally come. I was expecting some one older. But I have been seeing you in my deepest dreams. I have come to believe in you and what we can be if we are together." Taking his hand in hers, she pressed it against her cheek. 

"I'll never abandon you, Kóh, my willow." 

* * * *

Clara snapped back into her body with a deep sigh. She became aware of the warmth surrounding her. Opening her eyes, she realized her chosen was cradling her in his arms, much as she'd instructed Philip to do with Sara before they'd left. It was a wonderful feeling full of the deepest trust and love to come back to.

"Sweetheart, are you okay?" 

She smiled. He was so in tune with her, he realized when she'd returned to her body. Not even my first husband had been tuned in so well. 

"Yes, I'm fine. I've found him. He's at ITS. He's with a girl there." 

"How does he know?" 

"He told me she's in the same place Katrina was imprisoned and her name is Kóh." 

Lifting her face until he could see it, he smiled in anticipation. "The fun is just beginning if it's the Kóh I met earlier today. She's an elemental who can control both fire and rain." 

"Lets go and get them, Iason. I need them to be home where they're safe and we can protect them. They're both very important to the future of Venus."

He nodded his understanding while she slid off his lap and back across the bench seat of the truck.

* * * * 

Sara struggled as she became aware of someone holding her until she heard the rumble of Philip's voice, raspy from sleep. 

"Shh, tarta. Everything is fine. Rest." 

She opened her eyes to find herself in bed with her chosen. She started to stiffen until vague memories of the night before came back, of her finding Gabriel collapsed on the floor. 

"Gabriel!" Struggling to sit up, she fought his hold on her. 

"...Is fine. Auntie Clara and Iason went after them." 

"Them?" Relaxing against his side, she tried to make sense of the chaos in her mind. 

"Yes. Clara merged with you. You found Gabriel. Now they're going to bring both Gabriel and the girl back here." 

"The girl?"

"Yes, it seems Gabriel has found his chosen." 

"What? He's too young!" She moved to sit up again but when the room spun wildly, she grabbed her head.

"Stop it!" Pressing her back down next to him then rolling over her so he was holding her in place, Philip ignored the effect being pressed against her on him. "You're such a spitfire, Sara. I think I misnamed you when I decided on tarta, I should've called you grata instead."

"I'm not a grata nor will I ever be. I don't even resemble that beast." Anger sparked in her at his accusation. The grata was known for its fiery personality and unpredictable moods, making it one of the most feared animals on Venus. In her mind's eye, she was nothing like that beast. Elusive as the tarta perhaps but never feared as the grata.

"In the end, it doesn't matter as long as you're mine, Sara."

"No." She shook her head vehemently. "It can never happen."

"I wish I could go back and change the past, tarta but I can't. Once you wanted nothing more than to be mine." 

"Never again, Philip, never again." 

"We'll see about that." He leaned in and pressed his mouth against hers, sealing his vow. 

With her breath caught in her throat, she tried to fight the pleasure of his lips and body against hers. She was vaguely aware of the fact that her son's warm body was next to them. We can't do this here - Gabriel is right here- right now. 

Shh, relax, tarta, I won't do anything to embarrass you. A kiss and being able to hold you close will be enough for now.

Philip? Horror washed over her. He was inside her head.

It's normal as breathing, my chosen. It was only a matter of time before the telepathic link between us kicked in.

Oh wonderful...

"Mom? Philip?" Gabriel's voice had both of them scrambling to face their son.

"Gabriel! Sweetheart, you're back!" Sara wanted more than anything to pull her son to her but with Philip sprawled across her it wasn't possible. "Get off me Philip!" 

Rolling to his side, he placed one hand on her chest. "Stay put, I'll bring him to you." 

Turning towards his son, Philip went to pick him up. 

"No offense, Philip, but I'm too big for you to..." His protest died in his throat as Philip used his power to gently lift him and place him next to his mother. 

"You were saying?" Philip arched an eyebrow at Gabriel. 

"Nothing. Well, that's something I'd like to learn about..." 

A knock on the door interrupted whatever else he was going to say. 

Philip rolled onto his side. "Come in." 

The door opened and Iason entered the room. He smiled when he saw the happy family. 

"You made it back in one piece, Gabriel?" 

"Yes, Maser Iason. Did you bring her?" He scrambled to the edge of the bed.

"Of course. She's downstairs with Clara. Why don't you go down and see her. She's nervous and being with you will help her begin to adjust." 

"Okay." He crawled off the bed and stumbled before catching his balance. 

"You okay?" Iason took his arm. Gabriel grinned up at him.

"Yep. But take me to my willow. I want to see if she's as pretty in person as she is in spirit." 

"Okay, scamp?" His concern was evident.

"Yep. Lets go." He tugged impatiently at Iason's hold.