 It is a time of legend. 

The armies of the Emperor of Earth have conducted a Great Crusade and conquered the galaxy, the Emperor's elite warriors crushing the myriad of alien races from history.

Human supremacy has reached new heights.  Gilded citadels of marble and gold have been raised to celebrate the many victories of the Emperor, triumphs held on a million worlds.  The epic deeds of his most powerful and deadly warriors recorded for all time.

The greatest of these are the Primarchs, superhuman beings who have led the Emperor's armies of Space Marines to victory a thousand, thousand times.  They are the pinnacle of the Emperor's genetic knowledge, unstoppable and glorious.  The Space Marines are the mightiest human warriors in the galaxy, each able to best a hundred normal men in combat.

Tens of thousands make up each Space Marine Legion.  They along with their Primarch leaders conquer the galaxy in the name of the Emperor, bringing the Imperial Truth with them.

Chief among the Primarchs is Horus, the favored son of the Emperor, the brightest star.  He is the Warmaster, the commander-in-chief of the Emperor's military, vanquisher of a thousand times a thousand worlds, conqueror of the galaxy.  He is a warrior and diplomat without peer.

The flames of war begin to spread, the treachery is revealed.





~Dramatis Personae~



-The Primarchs-

Horus, Primarch and Warmaster, Commander of the Sons of Horus

Fulgrim, Primarch of the Emperor's Children

Mortarion, Primarch of the Death Guard

Angron, Primarch of the World Eaters

Vulkan, Primarch of the Salamanders

Ferrus Manus, Primarch of the Iron Hands

Corvus Corax, Primarch of the Raven Guard

Lorgar Aurelian, Primarch of the Word Bearers

Konrad Curze, Primarch of the Night Lords

Alpharius Omegon, Primarch of the Alpha Legion

Perturabo, Primarch of the Iron Warriors



-The XVI Legion "Sons of Horus"-

Ezekyle Abaddon, First Captain

"Little" Horus Aximand, Captain, Fifth Company

Maloghust, Equerry to the Warmaster



-The III Legion "Emperor's Children"-

Julius Kaesoron, First Captain



-The XIV Legion "Death Guard"-

Calas Typhon, First Captain



-The XVIII Legion "Salamanders"-

Artellus Numeon, First Captain, Firedrakes

Cassian Dracos, Lord Commander, Dreadnought

Xa'ven, Captain, Thirty-Fourth Company

Guldor, Sergeant, Thirty-Fourth Company

Atesh Tarsa, Apothecary, Thirthy-Fourth Company

Jo'Phor, Member, Thirthy-Fourth Company

Hae'Phast, Member, Thirthy-Fourth Company

Donak, Member, Thirthy-Fourth Company

Go'Sol, Neophyte, Thirthy-Fourth Company



-The X Legion "Iron Hands"-

Gabriel Santar, First Captain

Ulrach Branthan, Captain, strike cruiser Sisypheum



-The XIX Legion "Raven Guard"-

Agapito Nev, Commander



-Non Astartes Personae-

Kris Delphene, Princeps, Warlord Titan Retribution

Hektor Jericho, Moderatii Primus, Warlord Titan Retribution

Kaleb Andus, Moderatii Primus, Warlord Titan Retribution

Esau Turnet, Princeps, Imperator Titan Dies Irae

Jonah Aruken, Moderatii Primus, Imperator Titan Dies Irae





~Prologue~



Warmaster Horus stood on the bridge of the Vengeful Spirit, staring intently at the world below, the wound in his left shoulder still producing a dull ache. As he gazed at the blue-grey world spinning below, he thought back to the events that got him here.

He still mourned the loss of Hastur Sejanus; his most favored son and closest friend, cut down during diplomatic negotiations by the personal guards of the ruler of Sixty-Three Nineteen. The man had fancied himself the Emperor, believing he was ruling Terra. When Sejanus had explained that he was not the ruler of Terra and mankind, Sejanus had been killed.

With Sixty-Three Nineteen brought to compliance, Erebus of the Word Bearers had informed the Warmaster about a rebellion in the Davin system. The planetary governor Eugen Temba had cast off his oath to the Emperor, a personal insult to Horus, who had hand picked Temba for the job.

Eugen Temba had been killed, his rebellion quashed and order restored, but not before Horus had been wounded. The blade he had been stabbed with, an Anathame, was designed to kill whomever the wielder names. After he had been stabbed, even his highly advanced Astartes physiology couldn't prevent his impending death.

He had been brought to a native healer on Davin, where he fell into a fevered sleep. His dreams had been strange, filled with visions of the future, a future in which the Emperor had become a god and the Astartes were reduced to simple police, fit only to keep order along the fringes of humanity.

Now, that insolent swine Vardus Praal had started a rebellion in the Istvaan system, drawing the attention of the Emperor. Horus had been ordered by his father to suppress the uprising and return order by any means necessary.

Horus had taken council from Erebus, who suggested bringing together those who would stand against the Warmaster's plans. Forces of the Emperor's Children, World Eaters and Death Guard had joined the Sons of Horus over Istvaan III, the capital world of the system.

"My lord," Maloghust said as he approached, bowing as far as his twisted body would allow him to.

"Hello Mal," Horus said to his old friend. "Come, join me."

"Sir, the forces you've chosen have all made planetfall, however..."

"However what?" Horus asked forcefully.

"An Emperor's Children thunderhawk was stolen, it's headed for the surface," Maloghust informed him.

"Who took it?"

"A Captain, Saul Travitz I'm told is his name."

"Well he won't be around much longer," Horus mused. "What of the rest of the fleet?"

"Awaiting your orders lord," Maloghust said. "The Eisenstein reports weapons malfunction and reactor troubles. It has begun moving to the outer perimeter."

"Who is in command there?"

"Ignatius Grulgor, Captain of the Second Company of Death Guard. He is watching over the Seventh Company Captain, Nathaniel Garro."

"Send orders to the Terminus Est, have them investigate and report back," Horus said, smiling a little as he stared through the armorglass at Istvaan III below.

The Warmaster had hand picked the units and men to lead the attack, selecting only those staunchly loyal to the Emperor to bring his fury upon those who turn from him. Initial reports put the battle for the Choral City almost over.

"Mal," Horus said, "have all weapon batteries report readiness. When they all are ready, begin the bombardment."

"As you wish, lord," Maloghust said with a bow, his hunched and twisted form turning to leave.

The largest capital ships were issued a compliment of virus bombs and other methods for exacting exterminatus; the complete destruction of worlds when the forces required to bring them back to compliance outweigh the value of the planet. The Vengeful Spirit was armed with virus bombs, filled with the Life Eater Virus.

The virus consumes all organic matter in moments, turning it into decaying, gelatinous ooze. Anyone caught outside would meet a painful end, their bodies beginning to decay before their heart stopped beating. The use of virus bombs requires permission of the Emperor, or the Warmaster.

"Lord Warmaster," Maloghust said upon return. "All batteries report ready. Awaiting your order."

The Warmaster smiled, cold and calculating. "Mal, contact our forces on the surface, inform them the order has been given."

"Yes my lord."

"Wait one minute after informing our forces, then unleash our fury."

"As you wish, lord." Maloghust turned and left the room, leaving Horus still watching the world spin below.

Two minutes later, hundreds of red and black streaks hurled toward the planet below. The warheads headed for their destination, carrying the most lethal virus mankind has ever produced, trailing red a d orange as they entered the atmosphere of Istvaan III.

"Let the galaxy burn!" Horus called.

Horus's treachery revealed, the virus bombing had killed millions, including several thousand Astartes, in the opening minutes. The color of the planet changed as the virus spread, consuming anything organic and turning it to ruin. The once blue-grey planet became a sickly green-brown mixture, the very air turned flammable with so much decay.

"Lord," Maloghust said, joining his Primarch. "Word from the Emperor has come."

Horus smiled. "What news from my father?"

"It would seem that your brother Magnus has violated the Council of Nikaea, using his sorcerous powers to damage the Imperial Palace."

"I knew the Crimson King wouldn't be able to resist using his powers," Horus said. "Let me guess, Leman Russ is going to bring him to Terra in chains?"

"Those were the orders, lord."

"Change those for me mal," Horus said. "Tell the Wolf King that Magnus is to be eliminated."

"It shall be done," Maloghust said.

The Warmaster knew that word of his actions would reach his father, and that his father would send his brothers against him. He would need to be ready to repel their assault, and he would have to begin preparations soon.

"Mal, before you go," Horus said as Maloghust turned to face him. "Send word to Fulgrim that his men are to proceed to Istvaan V and set up defensive positions."

"Of course my lord," Maloghust said as a naval officer approached him and whispered something in his ear.

"My lord, I seems as though the Eisenstein has been commandeered by Garro," Maloghust explained as the Warmaster's expression turned to black rage. "They managed to outrun the Terminus Est and have translated into the warp."

Horus took a few breaths to calm himself. This news would mean that word would get back to his father much faster than he would have liked.

"Thank you Mal," Horus said. "Let's finish this."





~Part 1~

The First Wave



~Chapter 1~

~Raven Lord

~Flamewrought

~Council



Betrayal. It was unthinkable what Horus had done, but it was true. The Emperor had dispatched seven legions to deal with the treachery of the Warmaster, and they were headed straight for the Istvaan system. The Raven Guard, Salamanders, Iron Hands, Word Bearers, Night Lords, Alpha Legion and Iron Warriors all were coming to end this before it got out of hand.

A great tear in the fabric of reality appeared, the veil between dimensions ripped open in streaks of blues and purples. The sleek forms of ships reentering real space from the immaterium, dozens of craft of all shapes and sizes, each bearing the white raven against black and gunmetal hulls. The Raven Guard had arrived, led by their flagship, Shadow of the Emperor.

Corvus Corax, Primarch of the Raven Guard and gene father to his men, stood on the bridge, hovering over the mindless servitors that were slaved to the ships sensor arrays and cogitators. His face was hard and unemotional, born from years of guerrilla warfare on his homeworld of Deliverance.

"Report," Corax said as the sensory officer approached. His voice was like sweet music, yet soft as a whisper.

"Airspace appears clear lord," the officer said. "No sign of the Warmaster's fleet."

"What of the surface? Any sign of them?" Corax asked, his voice becoming angry as he spoke of the traitor legions.

"Life signs detected around the Urgall Plateau, lord, no other life forms detected."

"That must be the Warmaster's forces. Any news on when the other legions will arrive?"

"Lord Vulkan will arrive within the hour," the master of astropaths informed him. "Lord Ferrus Manus is another hour beyond Lord Vulkan."

"And the other four legions?" Corax asked.

"Six or more hours away my lord,"

"Thank you," Corax said, patting the man on the back with a giant gloved hand before turning to leave. He headed for the arming chambers, his mind formulating plans of attack and disruption.

Growing up on Deliverance, Corax had become a master of hit and run tactics, reconnaissance and ambush. The world, originally known as Kiavahr, was wrought with criminals, political opponents and others that the ruling class had deemed unfit. They were used as slaves in the forges, as free and expendable labor. Corax had changed that using shadow tactics and soon after was reunited with the Emperor and his legion.

He had found that they too had taken to hit and run tactics, striking from the shadows before the enemy was aware of them and gone before the enemy could mount a retaliation. The Warmaster had put them to use as a reconnaissance force, much to the ire of Corax. The two had several arguments, almost coming to blows on one occasion, which eventually ended with Corax leaving the Warmaster's forces.

He knew they would meet again, this time not as brothers, but as enemies. The Emperor was quite clear on his orders. The rebellion was to be put down at all costs.



The Flamewrought and the other ships in the Salamanders fleet translated from the warp expecting to meet heavy resistance. Weapons batteries along the flanks of the Gloriana Class Battleship bristling like spikes on a Nocturne Firedrake, ready to fire at a moments notice. Yet the only thing they found were the vessels of the Raven Guard. 

The dull forest green hulled ship pulled along the Shadow of the Emperor, its size dwarfing the battle barge of the Raven Guard. Vulkan stood on the bridge, his stoic, patrician features searching for signs of battle. When he found none, he called for his vox officer.

"Open a channel to the Raven Guard, alert my brother that I will be on my way to him shortly," Vulkan ordered, his voice deep and rich. "Also, scan for ships and life on the surface. I want to know where they are."

"Aye lord, it shall be done," the officer replied.

Vulkan stood in the launch bay of the Flamewrought, his retinue of Firedrakes clad in their Terminator armor beside him, as they flight crew of the Hammerblow made preparations for launch. It was his personal Thunderhawk, its armor plates were shapes as scales, and layered to match. Captain Artellus Numeon joined him, his forest green Terminator armor covered in the teeth of the Drakes of Nocturne he had personally slain.

"My lord," Numeon said, bowing to his Primarch. "Preparations are almost complete and I'm told that lord Ferrus Manus will be arriving in system momentarily." His face lined with years of battle scars, his voice deep, his tone one of caring.

"Thank you Artellus," Vulkan said. "It pains me greatly that my brothers and I must reunite under such terrible circumstances."

"My men and I as well lord. We have each fought beside members of the legions as brothers, and now this." Numeon shook his head, the words still too hard to fathom.

"It will take the combined might of all seven legions to bring the Warmaster's forces down, I can only hope that Ferrus Manus is calm enough to wait," Vulkan thought aloud. Ferrus Manus and Fulgrim were close before this betrayal, he hoped beyond hope that Ferrus Manus would listen to reason.

"My lords," the ships flight officer said as he approached. "The ship is ready for departure at your command."

"Thank you, we will be along shortly," Numeon replied, dismissing the man.

"How could this have happened?" Vulkan asked. "Horus was the best and brightest among us. What could make him turn from our fathers light?"

"I couldn't begin to know my lord," Numeon answered, "but when you ask him, I'd love to hear his answer."



The Iron Hands fleet had arrived without incident, bringing with them a contingent of Legio Atarus Titans. Ferrus Manus had made his way to the launch bay after finding local space uncontested. The Ferrum wasn't as grand of a vessel as the Fist of Iron had been, but it served its purpose. Ferrus Manus was still angry about the loss of the Fist of Iron during an engagement with the Emperor's Children, where Fulgrim had attempted to sway Ferrus Manus to the Warmaster's banner.

Thoughts of the loss of the Fist of Iron only served to make Ferrus Manus more upset. How could his brothers turn from the Emperor, he wondered. How could they cast aside their own father and turn their backs on everything they had fought and bled for?

Gabriel Santar and his Morlock Terminators joined their Primarch, set to depart to the Shadow of the Emperor and meet with his brothers, their gunmetal Terminator armor matching that of Ferrus Manus. The Lord of the Iron Hands calmed his thoughts as they drew near, not wanting to show how mad he really was just yet.

"My lord," Santar said with a bow. "As requested, the Morlocks are prepared to join you."

"There is no other fighting men I would rather stand beside," Ferrus Manus said, his voice like iron; his face was hard, weather-beaten from his life on Medusa. "Come, let us not keep them waiting."

The men had gathered on the command deck of the Shadow of the Emperor, the respective retinues mingling while their Primarchs discussed their plan of attack. Ferrus Manus was met with more ill news upon his arrival.

"Why have we not begun the assault?" He asked.

"Calm yourself brother, come and join us," Vulkan told Ferrus Manus. "Corax, what do we know of their defenses?"

"Scans indicate they have fortified a section of the Urgall Plateau, complete with command bunker for the Warmaster. My scouts tell me they also have the support of Legio Mortis," Corax explained.

"Let's just bombard them from orbit and be done with it then," Ferrus Manus growled.

"If we could, I'd agree to that, however they have equipped their fortifications with void shields. Our guns won't break through I'm afraid," Vulkan said.

"So a ground assault is the only option we have?" Ferrus Manus asked grudgingly.

"Yes brother, we will have to dig them out the old fashioned way," Vulkan said, sounding slightly more excited than he should have.

"Then what are we waiting for? Let us begin the assault!" Ferrus Manus exclaimed, pounding one iron fist into the palm of the other hand.

"It will take the combined might of seven legions to finish this," Corax reminded him. "Don't be so hasty brother." 

"How far out are the other legions?" Vulkan asked.

A ships officer scanned his screens. "Appropriately three hours, lord." The man's voice was shaky, having heard the anger in a Primarchs voice.

"Let us deploy now, the others can join us when they get here," Ferrus Manus stated.

"I disagree," Corax said. "We should wait until they have arrived and form a plan."

"I'm with Corax on this one," Vulkan admitted. "Strike as one combined power. Hammer and anvil."

"Allow me to rephrase," Ferrus Manus said calmly. "I'm going to personally lead an assault. Your support would be invaluable, however we can hold our own for three hours or more if needed."

"Slow down brother," Corax said. "Their fleet is absent, where are they going to go? They have had weeks to prepare defenses, another few hours won't give them anything they don't already have."

"Fulgrim and his Emperor's Children destroyed my flagship, betrayed our father and killed their own brothers. I cannot sit idly by and wait any longer. I hope to see you on the battlefield brothers." Ferrus Manus turned and, with his retinue, made for the launch bay. He had to return to the Ferrum and prepare his sons for war.

"Artellus," Vulkan said. "When we return to the Flamewrought, wake Cassian Dracos. We will need his skill and firepower in the coming battle."

"Of course Lord," Artellus replied.



~Chapter 2~

~Final plans

~Launch

~Traitors



Hundred of guns from dozens of ships came to life, tracking several different targets along the defensive line. He had been told that the barrage wouldn't do much good, but it never hurt to try. Each gun was to fire a single shot along the Warmaster's position.
