 In so many ways it was a natural outgrowth of both societal need and the growing power of the political/industrial/military/entertainment complex. Super hero movies took over television and movie box offices completely by the third decade of the twenty first century. Before long the traditional heroes and villains had been played out, Jaded audiences wanted more than just special effects laden films and TV shows they wanted the REAL thing or as close to real as possible.

Dynamic Studios had the answer and media companies and local, state, and national governments were more than happy to acquiesce entirely. Dynamic pointed out that no one was actually USING most of Detroit. Why not refurbish 10 acres as the largest open are studio in history? The buildings could be refitted, at least most of them and five acres would go to Villains and five acres would go to Heroes. But here was the best part and the biggest selling point. Who got to be the heroes and who got to be the villains? John and Jane Q public! After a year long selection process a select number of average citizens would become super heroes!

Cameras would follow every step of the process covering everything from the reconstruction of the city to interviews with costume designers and personal trainers The advertising revenue and the money from downloads and access to the 24/7 website would bring in untold wealth. The audience would be the entire world so foreign nationals could enter the contest as well.

The City of Detroit and the state of Michigan were more than happy to accept Dynamic Studios money. Palms were greased in Washington and the ten acre parcel passed into Dynamic and its partners studios hands govern as they saw fit. The only proviso all three governments made was an agreement that after all the seasons of Heroes and Villains had run its course, Dynamic would return the restored real estate to the city of Detroit. All the politicians thought they had pulled a fast one. The largest urban renewal project in history and it didn't cost uncle Sam, the state, or the city a dime! 

And it truly was a massive undertaking. All the streets were wired for cameras and sound. Old buildings received new facades as dozens of home repair shows filmed the results. Faster than moist thought possible, ten acres of decrepit streets and decaying infrastructure had been turned into a state of the art open air studio. Going beyond verisimilitude. The ten acre lot, temporary called Dynamo City became a functioning community with real dry cleaners and shoe stores and the like. Real restaurants to feed the film people and the common people who came to make new lives in the (mostly) shiny new city. They received salaries of course, most of it from outside contractors but the lure that perhaps Missile Man or Dynamic Girl or one of the other super heroes the studio writers were creating would enter your shop, making you too a celebrity, at least briefly. It was very enticing indeed. 

More than a World's fair, more that EPCOT, Dynamo City WAS the future. Special effects geeks would make the Villains and Heroes as super as possible. There would be no camera tricks. If it violated the laws of physics it was not about to happen in Dynamo City. The writers working for the Villains and those writing for thee heroes were forbidden from communicating with each other to make things as interesting as possible As set up the Villains controlled five acres of the city and the Heroes the other five with a decrepit now man's land three blocks long in between as a buffer zone. The folks at home would watch as, if things went according to plan, the Heroes would retake the rest of the city from the Villains. Or, perhaps, the Villains would win. The Villains were just as determined to hold their own and if they could manage it take the city for evil. Dynamic Studios went to great lengths and testified before Congress that Heroes and Villains would not be just another "Survivor" or other "reality" program that was reality in name only. Those programs had burned themselves out earlier in the century and no one wanted a return to those days. To lure folks away from the game channels and the movie channels what happened in Dynamo City had to be as real as possible.

A chance at stardom and fame had lured Holly Yeastman from her home in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada to hero try outs. The producers liked her immediately. Long brown hair and a perfect figure with piercing blue eyes and large breasts, she was skilled in judo and also knew how to strut on a catwalk. With three brothers, Holly had been a tomboy in her early years. She had not been intimidated in the least in lacing on her skates and playing hockey with her brothers. Her siblings soon learned that she could more than hold her own against them on the ice. In judo, the sport she decided to specialize in, she soon soared to an elite rank. No shrinking violet, she was taught by her parents that she was the equal of any man. 

As she came to maturity, Holly grew to adore all the things about being a female. When she discovered sex, she saw men in an entirely new light. Muscles tended to attract her but a man had to have brains as well to hold her interest. When she was horny however, the fact that he was muscled alone would be enough for her to seduce him. With her fetching beauty, her friends said that Holly should be a model. The five foot seven 135 pound beauty wanted so much more. Heroes and Villains could launch her to a movie contract and or huge endorsement deals. The pay was not bad while you were trying out but if you made the final cut the money was sweet indeed. 

Every step of Holly's journey would be filmed from interview to gymnastics lessons to rappelling and all of the many skills a super hero would need. Cameras followed the villains as well but in a move that amazed everyone the Villains wore masks at all parts of their training. Only three producers knew their names and identities and they were not about to talk. From the first day of training, ratings were phenomenal. The idea had caught everyone's imagination and everyone from Maine to Alaska and from virtually every point around the globe. It was better than any soap opera or sporting event. That was sweet news to Holly and the other contestants.

Over the next few months Holly Yeastman became Holly Hayes, television reporter by day, and Canadian hero, Yukon Jill ,when ever there was need of her services. At the only television station permitted to broadcast in Dynamo City, KBOOM, she filed stories and appeared on camera and sometimes read the news. Holly enjoyed the work and found that she had an aptitude for it. Her salary as a reporter, combined with what she was getting as a hero was sweet indeed.

While not working Holly enjoyed the many clubs and bars that had brought an exciting nightlife to the entertainment boom town. After a while Holly stopped noticing the cameras, even when they followed her when she strolled home with a new date. The cameras in her apartment were not supposed to on without Holly's consent, but Dynamic Studios often flouted that agreement.

Adding to the allure of the many clubs was the fact that you could be partying with another hero, a contestant, or a villain and never know it. It was positively spine tingling. To prevent things from becoming too realistic in the wrong way real fire arms were banned. In their stead were real looking replicas equipped with a laser. Each citizen, tourist, contestant or visitor to the gigantic set was fitted with a reactive button. It was worn either on the clothing or on the costume of a Hero or a Villain If struck with a laser the button would turn black, rendering the wearer "dead."

Citizens and police could be recycled but were required to stay "dead" for forty eight hours. 

There was a police force In Dynamo City but it mostly issued parking fines and summonses and directed traffic. Serious crimes were left to the Heroes to solve. One of the regular jobs of the cops was directing the "dead" to "zombie hotels" where they partied hard awaiting their "resurrection." 

Heroes and Villains on the other hand had to stay dead and were eliminated from the game and had to leave Dynamo City. The "Life Badges" could also be turned off manually during hand to hand combat or to prevent being captured alive. So long as the badges were not blank they transmitted a signal indicating the wearer was "alive." The producers were quite proud of this innovation and it worked flawlessly in rehearsal.

The Villains were entitled to keep their loot and divvy it up any way they saw fit. Heroes drew a salary as long as they were "alive" and drew another salary under their "true" identities. Dynamo City became among the most desired place to live and work in all the world. The boom town of the century became home to real businesses, banks and every other aspect of modern life. This was more than incentive enough to draw ambitious criminals. After the first week of going live. Heroes and Villains had ratings that dwarfed anything previous. People tuned in on every format imaginable from smart phones, to tablets, to televisions anywhere there were people.

Holly Yeastman ADORED becoming Holly Hayes. Working with a team of creative people they came up with a great costume for her. It looked a bit like Bat Girl's costume from the old "Bat Man" TV show except for the color scheme and cape. Capes tended to be more hazards than enhancement to crime fighting in the real world so they were eliminated. Reflecting her heritage Yukon Jill's skin tight costume was Canadian white and red with tall white boots, a hood that hid her identity with long flowing red hair attached, a red maple leaf adorned the center of her forehead of the hood that acted as a cowl for the costume. The utility belt was filled with goodies for fighting crime or escaping from a tight squeeze. 

.

Holly found the training surprisingly easy. Her natural athletic gifts served her well. Where other contestants found their limits, it seemed to Holly only a moderately difficult endeavor. Make no mistake. After training an rehearsals she was often worn out an exhausted but she was also filled with a goal of accomplishment and bliss. She felt all the skills she learned made her a better athlete and a more rounded person. It was a sweet kind of liberation. After a six week crash course she attended her first Hall of Heroes meeting. Holly took her seat at the great round table. Currently there were twenty Heroes, Yukon Jill sat down between Steam Man and Venturous Woman. The huge computer screen in the Hall of Heroes tried to keep tabs on the activities of the League of Villains. The producers of Heroes and Villains controlled the data the heroes received.

During her first week as a hero Holly helped Dynamic Man and Hurricane, capture the Werewolf and his gang who had been smuggling prescription pain pills and shaking down local businesses. It was a complicated operation and Holly was proud of herself and the other heroes, The heroes loved taking over for the local cops as well since it maximized their camera time. 

There were some disadvantages to living in Dynamo City. Information about the outside world and information within the city itself was carefully controlled by the producers. It had the odd effect of millions in the outside world knowing Holly's real identity just by turning on the TV but none of the heroes themselves in Dynamo City knowing each other out of costume. This disappointed Holly at first because she felt an incredible charge of sensuality whenever she interacted with Magnetic Man. Holly wanted to act on that feeling but heroes were forbidden from revealing their identities to each other and perusing romantic relationships. If however they met in the "real" world, relationships were permitted.

Holly felt sure that she would recognize Magnetic Man's arousing physique anywhere. But no matter how many times she frequented the clubs and bars of Dynamo City she never saw the thighs and muscles, she had memorized. The men she DID often take home were often fine consolation prizes however. 

It was sometimes hard for Holly to keep up the charade of her dual identity. If the alert signal in her watch sounded, summoning her to the Hall of Heroes, while she was on the air, she had to make excuses such as feign dizziness or sickness to get out of the studios of KBOOM. It helped that Dynamo City was relatively compact and that the Hall Of Heroes and her studios were only a few blocks away. Holly became adept at changing into her costume in alleys or dumpsters, There often was not time to return home to change, her costume was designed to fold up and hide away in a compartment of her over sized purse. Even the spiky boots were collapsible. Holly had an advantage over the male heroes who either had to wear most of their costume under their clothes or stash their costumes in unobtrusive places where they could be retrieved in a hurry. But often days would go by with no calls there was the boredom of stakeouts and the hours trying to determine where the Villains would strike next

The Heroes did not know how many Villains there were but they did know the names of a few. Most feared was The Crimson Soul. He was apparently in command of the Villains and seemingly had deactivated three Heroes so far. Sagebrush, Iron Ike, and Melinda had all vanished while fighting in The Crimson Soul's area of town. Their life badges had not been deactivated so apparently they were still alive, but being held prisoner. The rules of the game were that Heroes and Villains could only be replaced if one died. Unlike the citizens who roamed Dynamo City's streets. Neither Villain nor hero could be resurrected. Unless of course the producers and writers though them too valuable to lose. So far a hero had not come back from the dead but several new ones had entered the Hall of Heroes. Keeping his prisoners alive was a stroke of genius for the Crimson Soul. If he kept capturing Heroes soon there would not be enough to defend their allotted territory and the Villains would win by simple attrition. 

Captain Dynamo, the stern leader of the heroes, warned all of them to be especially vigilant and to sacrifice themselves if necessary rather than be taken alive. Holly respected Captain Dynamo but he was often such a stuck up hard ass that she wanted to slap him silly. An old style Captain Dynamo seemed taken from an earlier century. One got the impression that if he had a choice of a life to live her would have been either General Patton or General MacArthur. Still, he was the most experienced and toughest of them all so he was always listened to. 

Holly settled into the heady life of Dynamo City. She loved the clubs and her "job" at KBOOM paid very well. Audiences really liked her and she was one of the few heroes who had a following sans costume. Although Dynamo City residents did not get outside telecasts or unfiltered web service, they recognized Holly from her TV appearances. Sometimes she was stopped for autographs and, if she was with a date, nice tables often opened up in restaurants. Holly found herself courted by many desirable and handsome men. It was such a delight being Holly Hayes . She never wanted to go back to being plain old Sally Yeastman from Hamilton, Ontario, ever again. With her new fame she doubted that she would have to.

Holly could scarcely believe the news even as she read it live on the air. At an art gallery near the Villain's turf some gold doubloons and silver treasures scavenged from a Spanish galleon were going on display. Everyone knew that the Villains would like nothing better than to steal those objects. The villains were entitled to keep all the loot they could lay their grubby little paws on. Unless it was taken away by one or more Heroes. 

That night Captain Dynamo announced the assignments for guarding the gold before it got to the gallery. The gallery had iron clad security not even the smartest of the Villains could steal the gold once it was at the gallery but on its way in and out of the city it was vulnerable. Yukon Jill would be placed on a secure perch on the roof of the armored car once it entered the city. From there She could alert the police and the rest of the Heroes to an attack from the air. It was an important position and Holly felt fortunate to receive such a plumb assignment. She was armed with a modified machine gun and hand guns. She could rain fire down upon the villains and their henchmen in such a high velocity that their life badges would never stand a chance. "Dead" folks can't keep playing.

The big day arrived and Holly proudly manned her position, at a leisurely pace the armored car began its trip to the gallery. Holly had used the ruse of planned vacation days at work so she didn't have to cover the story. Still she smiled and waved at the KBOOM camera as they rolled past the studio. There was no trouble for the first part of the journey, a few snipers tried to pick off Yukon Jill, but she was well shielded. Front Street was a mess. Burning cars and refuse meant slowing to a crawl. Some foemen riding a front end loader appeared out of an alley. Captain Dynamo and Hurricane took care of that assault. And then it happened. Debris and a row of cars that burst into flame meant that the armored car and its escorts had to move single file. Modified laser file began to rain down on the Heroes. The armored car was alone when the street opened up underneath it! The Crimson Soul had rigged a trapdoor in the street! Before Holly could react the trapdoor closed and the chamber she and the armored car occupied filled with anesthetizing gas

The first thing Holly saw when she awoke was the Crimson Soul. His featureless red mask only accentuated the sinister nature of his coal black eyes. He was holding Yukon Jill's utility belt. Holly was strapped down to a table. A ball gag prevented her from talking. 

"Ah our little bonus package is awake!" He cackled. "Welcome to Dynamo City's dark side Ms. Canada!" 

The Crimson Soul ran his hand the length of Holly's costumed clad leg. Moths the size of B52s began to stir in Holly's stomach. 

"Despite the meddling of your superior, Captain Dynamo, the gold and silver is my possession. Captain Dynamo fails to see the big picture. He prepared for every eventuality except an underground assault. Captain Dynamo NEVER sees the bigger picture which is why, eventually, I and my fellow Villains will own this city." 

The Crimson Soul then allowed his hands to take an extensive tour of Holly's breasts and crotch. Holly cursed the skintight nature of her costume as she struggled mightily against her bonds. Overhead she noticed the ubiquitous cameras of the network. Holly realized that she was being filmed. She cursed the cameras as well as the Crimson Soul.

"Let us run over the events of the past hour shall we Ms. Canada?" The arch villain began gain. I removed you and the unconscious guards from the truck, blew off the back doors and helped myself to the gold and silver. The tunnel to my chamber collapsed as soon as I had finished retrieving my prize. I cannot be easily followed. The guards I dumped in an alley. I didn't even bother to deactivate their life badges. As for you Ms. Canada you really should read your contracts more carefully." On the ceiling above Holly was projected a large copy of the standard contract she had signed to participate in "Heroes and Villains" The foul man began again, "You will note this clause here the legalize means that Dynamo City is NOT subject to the laws of , Michigan, Detroit, OR the United States Of America. This territory is self-ruling meaning there is NOTHING stopping me from being as evil as I want to be. Therefore there is NOTHING to prevent you from becoming a member of my harem!"

The Crimson Soul laughed evilly while Holly's eyes grew large with both fear and understanding.
