 NOTES:

This is a work of fantasy based on the characters in the cartoon Young Justice and Young Justice: Annihilation with the characters being envisioned as being of a responsible legal age. This is an original work featuring DC Comics characters, and I claim no ownership of them.

This work is based on a chat session playing as those two characters and exploring how they might have interacted sexually.

This is dedicated to my sweet Artemis. A collaborator and a partner who can curl my toes every time. Thank you so much, dear, for the incredible encounter. 

Thanks to the readers and writers on literotica. I really do admire what you do, and I hope this story isn't too bad for a first effort. 

All characters in this story are over the age of eighteen. 

This contains explicit material, so if you are prohibited by laws or morality from reading that sort of thing, please stop reading now.

*****

The martian ship slipped quietly through the sky, making her way back home. In her control center, Artemis offered a disappointed groan as she readjusted the harness straps securing her into her seat, instinctively glancing to recheck her bow and quiver, stowed within easy reach. She broke the silence in the cockpit with her smoky voice. "Was it just me, or did that last mission just seem too easy to you?" 

The other occupant of the craft, Miss Martian, looked over to her teammate. "Well, it was easier than some we've had recently, but with the rest of the team gone, I'm just glad things weren't worse. We did well, but how well do you think we'd do against a 'real' baddie like Lex Luthor or the Joker?"

Artemis was not so easily placated by her friend's usual optimism. "Well of course they wouldn't give us Superman or Batman's arch-enemies, but there has got to be some middle ground between the most dangerous people on the planet and... for god's sake, M'gann, these guys were burglars! Burglers! If we weren't using this ship, the stuff we recovered wouldn't have paid for the gas to get down to Happy Harbor to hunt them down. We're supposed to be heroes. Gah!"

To her friend's disgust, Miss Martian kept up her usual cheery demeanor. "Well, it's good that we were able to stop the burglars. Happy Harbor is a safer place because of us. Even if, um, maybe it's not that much safer. They can't have perfectly tailored missions lined up for us every time, and we do need to keep in practice."

Artemis sighed in disgust and gave up. It would be more effort than it was worth to convince the other woman things were less than ideal. She looked up to the viewport. "At least we'll be home soon." 

"Yeah," the martian responded, wistfully, "back to our empty mountain. Alone. How long can this secret mission take? I'm going crazy without the others. Without... well, not that you're bad company, but we never have really hung out all that much."

Artemis could not help but notice the omission. She knew her friend missed Connor, but it would do no good reminding her of the fact. Besides, she would find herself forced to dwell on Wally, and she didn't think she needed that right now. She did hope the rest of the team would hurry back. "I know what you mean, but you know they'd never turn down an assignment." She chuckled. "And Dick jumps up like a puppy every time Batman snaps his fingers, so it's not like the league is going to hear any objections from us. Still," she sighed. "It does get lonely." 

The martian added, "Yeah, how much can we really train or watch TV? We need human... well, we need interaction. I can't tell you how dull it gets after you've gone to your room and I suddenly feel you... I mean, after you've gone to sleep."

Artemis was focusing on her friend's slip of nearly calling herself and the kryptonian human so much she nearly didn't put together her other slip. Many nights in the cave, the archer would find herself missing Wally, and after she turned in for the evening... The restraints kept her from springing up from her chair, but she shot a glare at the martian known to freeze criminals in their tracks. "M'gann," she said, her cheeks reddening. "Have you been spying on me?"

The other woman shifted uncomfortably. "Well, no, I mean not really. I mean, not on purpose." She flinched at Artemis's continued scowl. "I didn't try to peek, but, well, you were kinda broadcasting your feelings very strongly when you... Um... well, I felt you... uh... and the first time, it was a new sensation, and I just, sorta... peeked... to... make... sure... you... were... okay?" The martian looked like she would have liked nothing better than to sink into the floor. 

Artemis was still incensed. "Don't you dare lie to me. There's no way you don't know how it feels when you... when someone climaxes. How long have you been going out with Connor?" 

The martian's face turned from its normal green hue to an unnatural beet red color. "I'm not lying to you! We don't, I mean, Connor, he... he wants to wait."

Artemis's eyes grew wide. Miss Martian had never... "Oh god, you're a... I'm sorry, I didn't realize. I was just embarrassed that you knew that I... look, I didn't mean to put you in that situation. You know that, right?"

Artemis herself was nearly nineteen. Word in the team had M'gann as significantly older, perhaps in her forties, but the way her species aged put her maturity on par with her human counterparts. Artemis had never given the other woman's sex life any real thought, but she would have assumed M'gann to have experimented with sex, or at least thoroughly explored her own body, well before now. 

"No, it's fine. You should be free to do what you want in your own time. It's just... not so easy to block out very intense thoughts for me. I swear, I never meant to pry."

Artemis felt the soft bump as the ship touched down in the hangar. "Tell you what? Why don't we forget it? No one meant any harm, and the only hurt was a little embarrassment for both of us."

They emerged from the ship arm in arm and laughing about the whole thing. The martian brought them to a halt and yelled, "It's so empty here!" Both women laughed as her echoes came back to them. "You want to do something?" she added. "I can't go back to training again today. I just can't take it."

"Definitely," replied the archer. "I don't know what I'd do if I had to shoot another practice robot tonight. This is officially our night off."

The martian bent closer to her friend, waving her hands to momentarily disable surveillance in the hangar. "Listen," she said quietly. "He made me promise never to tell anyone, but back in the day, when Connor and I were stuck here all the time, Dick rigged up a little control box that lets us watch pay per view channels in the den. It's a little hard to control what you're watching, but I could hook it up if you wanted to make some popcorn. Maybe we'll find something worth watching."

Artemis laughed heartily at the image of the younger Boy Wonder, paragon of justice and good, using his crime-fighting equipment to pirate cable. "Stealing movies? I knew he wasn't always such a boy scout." She chuckled again. "I'm in. That sounds like a lot of fun." She placed her bow and quiver with care on a rack as they exited the hangar and removed her mask, tucking it into her belt and shaking out her long blonde hair. 

They separated, and she entered the den a few minutes later in the den balancing a bowl of popcorn and two bottles of soda. She saw the martian had hooked up a box to the television with a series of wires and was fiddling with some controls on it. M'gann began to murmur, as if to herself, "He explained it all once. Something about encryption and signal spikes or something... I was just jazzed when we could have pay per view without having to explain the bills."

Artemis let herself sink into the couch and, deciding it was payback for the disappointing mission, propped her booted feet onto the nearby coffee table. As she opened the sodas, she scoffed. "The Justice League has a space station. A space station! It's not like they couldn't afford a few movies."

The martian continued fiddling with the descrambler. "Afford? Yes, but can you imagine trying to explain to Red Tornado why we should be able to?" She looked up and modulated her voice into a perfect impersonation of the android who had spent so much time in charge of the team. "If you have extra time to waste watching films, you could be training or applying your mind to more practical matters." Both women laughed. 

Artemis wiped her eyes. "Do another,"

M'gann bent back to the computer. The android's voice emerged from her mouth. "I like to go to the park on Sundays so all the boys can see my pretty yellow dresses." They laughed. 

The screen on the television began to resolve into recognizable shapes. "Ooh, here's a strong signal," exclaimed the martian in her normal voice. A video clarified on the screen of two women, one blonde and the other brunette, pouring champagne and orange juice into champagne flutes and toasting one another. "Maybe this is some kind of drama. We can watch for a minute and see if it's any good."

Miss Martian jumped up from the floor to sit beside Artemis on the couch. She accepted a proffered soda, both women clinked their bottles together, and they watched the film. 

The movie's subjects walked outdoors together to a pool area where they began to drink and chat. The blonde woman said something about not wanting tan lines and took off her bikini top. M'gann's cheeks began to glow red. "Ohmygod, I'm so sorry. I don't think this is a drama."

Artemis studied the blonde onscreen, clearly the more buxom of the two, and she thought she could see a tiny plastic surgery scar in an armpit that might explain away the mystery. She deadpanned, "There may be some drama here, but I think it may just be porn." The brunette woman on the screen mirrored her friend, revealing her smaller, though certainly no less fake, boobs. 

M'gann fumbled for words. "I... I'm so sorry. I'll turn it off. We can find something else..." The brunette woman sat in a deck chair near the pool, and the blonde woman walked behind her friend to apply sunscreen to her back. The camera focused on her backside and its hypnotic dance. 

Artemis continued to watch, noting the martian, though clearly set on turning the movie off, had completely failed to even begin to do so. "Yeah, okay," she said, her voice distant and her attention clearly not on the conversation. In the movie, the blonde leaned forward, her arms sliding over the brunette's shoulders, to apply sunscreen to her breasts. 

The martian kept her eyes glued to the screen. "Can you imagine how weird it must be to have a woman rubbing lotion on you like that? That's so intimate, so... well, it must be weird."

"Weird or not, those two seem to be enjoying it." The blonde, leaning farther over the other woman to spread lotion on her belly, had leaned in far enough to bring their faces close, and began to kiss the brunette passionately. Artemis sneaked a peek at the martian, who had leaned forward, watching events unfold on the screen. Her cheeks were bright red in a blush, but she nevertheless seemed completely entranced by the two lesbians. 

The blonde circled in front of her friend and, with the facade of spreading more lotion, slid the brunette's bikini bottoms off as she coated her legs. Artemis barely registered the martian add, "I... I don't know if I could... oh my gosh, she's licking her."

Onscreen, the brunette had spread her legs over the sides of the deck lounger while the blonde knelt between them and was lapping hungrily at the brunette's womanhood. Artemis faintly registered the martian mumble something like, "should turn this off" again, but neither woman thought she would carry out the threat. 

"Wow," was all Artemis could manage to get out as the brunette began to cry out in pleasure.

"Wow," agreed the martian. Artemis felt M'gann's hand, perhaps seeking the popcorn, brush her leg. Her combat training, together with something altogether more primal, kicked in, and she grabbed the wandering hand and held it as the brunette began to writhe in pleasure. The other woman made no move to pull away.

Artemis began to reflexively tighten her grip as the brunette began to buck her hips, her chest heaving, getting closer and closer to a climax. As the brunette began to call out, her toes curling and her legs shaking, Artemis could feel the woman's pleasure causing a sympathetic warmth begin so spread between her own thighs. Almost completely spellbound by the movie, it took her some time to notice the martian had completely stopped watching and had been starting at Artemis, a hungry look in her eyes. 

"M'gann..." began Artemis. She had no idea how she would complete the thought, but she found her eyes roaming over the martian's costume, thinking it had always seemed so innocent, but the thoughts rising in her head made her realize how very much she would like to see her friend without it.

"Artemis, we can't..." The martian began, but gave lie to her own words as she leaned forward, kissing her. The archer had been kissed before, but never by a woman. Her lips exalted in the feeling. It was so much smoother, softer, and somehow more focused and in the moment than any kiss she had experienced before. 

The other woman's lips began gently, hesitantly, but they quickly turned savage. Artemis could feel M'gann's hands on her head and it registered she had released the hand she had been holding so tightly. M'gann held her strong in the kiss, holding their faces together, and Artemis felt the same passions rising in her own body. Her arms clutched the martian to her, the toned muscles holding their bodies tightly together in hopes to ease her craving for more of the other woman's touch. 

She was surprised, but pleased, when the martian suddenly moved to push her backwards, down into the couch. The comfortable weight of her friend and teammate settled on her as M'gann's kisses became steadily more frantic... hungry... primal.

She felt M'gann's hand on her side, rubbing the skin of her bare midriff. She felt the electricity between them and her growing urges for more. She moaned with pleasure and began to grind her hips, rubbing herself against a martian leg, stimulating herself through the cloth of her costume. She ran her fingers through her friend's red hair. 

As if it were a hundred miles away, Artemis distantly registered the sound of the coffee table as it flew away from the sofa and landed with a thump across the room. Quickly after, she felt her stomach lurch as M'gann threw herself off the couch, pulling Artemis with her to the floor. After she landed on M'gann, she felt her legs suddenly caught up, entangled in the other woman's and martian hands running along the line of her spine and to her sides, lifting her shirt.

Artemis lifted her arms to assist Miss Martian in removing the obstructing shirt and, once it was away, she leaned forward and ran her tongue along M'gann's freckles. She felt the other woman give a thrilled shudder. She reached down and began running her hands upward on her friend's smooth green legs, pushing upwards on her skirt.

M'gann looked at Artemis with a naughty gleam in her eyes. "Remember, Artemis," she nearly purred, "I don't wear a suit." The outfit, purely a projection of her conscious mind, faded away before Artemis's delighted eyes. She could suddenly see the martian in all her nude glory: her high breasts with their taunt green skin with deeper green nipples, and below, a little bush of red hair barely concealing her green lower lips and the darker green inner lips which seemed to be slowly making their way outward even as Artemis watched. Artemis could do nothing but smile and return to kissing her friend, stroking the smooth skin of her nude leg.

Again the martian broke the kiss, looking into the archer's eyes. "I'd like to try something," she said, and Artemis nodded, trusting her friend. With a kiss to her forehead, she suddenly felt an extremely disorienting sensation, as if she could not entirely rely on her senses to tell her where she was. She opened her mouth to ask the martian what she had done when the other woman slid down to her chest, lifted her sports bra, and ran her tongue across Artemis's pink, already hardening, nipple. The archer felt an explosion of electricity at the gentle touch, but more, she could feel the pressure of her nipple on her own tongue and could taste the salty sweat from the day. She could feel all the sensations of someone licking her, and at the same time, she could feel the sensations as if she herself were licking the nipple. She gasped in astonishment. M'gann looked up apologetically. "I thought that might prove instructive," she said, meekly.

"That... that was incredible," gasped the archer, suddenly more breathless than after a heavy workout.

The martian reached down and fully removed the sports bra, tossing it away. She turned her attention back to Artemis's aching breasts. Artemis could feel a tongue stimulating her right nipple, circling the areola in tighter and tighter circles until it began to flick at the hardness in the center, making Artemis gasp. At the same time, she could feel the tiny bumps from her nipple across the tip of her own tongue. Gooseflesh prickled up on the archer's breast around the other woman's tongue as the nipple tightened even further. The feel of the M'gann's tongue sent increasing waves of pleasure through Artemis as her skin responded to the gentle stimulation. Out of the corner of her eye, Artemis could see the other woman's right nipple hardening as well, their psychic link offering it a phantom tongue's attentions. 

Artemis shifted her position, spinning her body around so she could have access to M'gann's breasts without displacing the other woman from her own. She caught a glimpse of the lesbians in the movie, and the pair had adopted a similar position, on the ground beside the pool and simultaneously pleasuring one another in a sixty-nine. The thought passed through her head that they knew nothing at all about simultaneous pleasure. With M'gann teasing her right nipple, she focused on her partner's left, feeling the echo of the tongue on her own breast, as if a different mouth was on each of her tits, focusing all their attention to bring her pleasure. She, or perhaps it was Miss Martian, moaned in ecstasy, their shared sensations making the distinction somewhat fuzzy.

Artemis, ravenous for this beautiful green woman underneath her, began to sloppily lick and kiss her breasts, drawing a moan from one of the two women. Her saliva reflected the room's light in the green breasts, causing them to shimmer for her. 

She again tasted her own salty sweat again as the martian's tongue began to leave a wet trail down her torso. She wiggled in anticipation of its eventual destination and began stimulating the other breast in front of her with her hands. She had to stretch to maintain her mouth on M'gann's sweet boob, but she had been trained since early childhood to be agile and limber, and tonight, her training served her in such a sweet way.

The martian tongue began to explore her belly button, beginning by tracing the rim and licking out the inside so delightfully. Artemis groaned in frustration, her hips bucking to draw the other woman's attention downward. When she felt the wicked smile form on M'gann's lips, she vowed to herself to pay the other back for her teasing. 

After a time, most likely seconds but which seemed like hours, the martian continued her descent, and Artemis tasted the tanned leather of her belt as the M'gann began to remove it, using her tongue and teeth. Artemis kicked off her boots and squirmed in an attempt to get out of her pants, mentally cursing their tightness. Every inch of her skin burned for the martian to settle into her pussy, and she was so close. 
