 Reg was no normal shop owner. He looked normal except for those green eyes that seemed to glow when he bedded a woman. He had a certain taste in women. He liked them vulnerable and submissive...as it was with his kind. He was a born leader of times long gone by and was trying to adapt to the modern ways. So he found himself in this little city in North America owning a book store. He was lonely, he had left his last mate behind in his native land as she was cruel and unkind to him and to herself. He was here for a new mate. Someone to carry on his line. Someone to wed. Someone to take his seed. His family long forgotten but to him the past was what made him and his beginnings were his future. He was a mythical creature that time of old had forgotten who had reached the age of maturity and will never age past this point. Here is how he began as all his kind began.

The Welsh Bendith was his father's line and the Persian Peri was his mothers. The Bendith are ugly troll like fairies that can manipulate and entrance others but the Peri are Persian fairies of great beauty and truth that glow with all the colours of the rainbow. The Bendith are warriors of strength and control and the petite Peri are curious gentle fairies. His mother, Elia was taken in a war and forced to marry a Bendith fairy king, Lord Balhori, who was greatly ugly and cruel. 

Their first coupling on their wedding night was forced upon the petite Elia. Balhori being 7 feet, extremely muscular and excessively scarred came upon the virgin Elia, of only 4 foot 6 and fragile, a little too rough that night. If was their ways to take their women as they wanted, without thought. The Bendith women preferred it this way as they too wanted to be treated roughly, it was their way.

However Elia, coming from a gentle Persian race was delicate, fragile and had an exquisite beauty. Her petite frame, delicate face, pale skin, long silky, white blonde hair with full red painted lips took the breath away of every man, woman and child in Bendithia when Balhori returned with her as his prize as part of the peace treaty. Elia, the first virgin daughter of a great lord was to be given to the High Lord Balhori, King of Bendithia, to cement a unity of the two lands. If their union produced a child he or she would grow to rule both their lands and ensure peace.

The night of their coupling, Elia was afraid as the huge warrior came into their wedding chamber. He was freshly cleansed as she had been by some hideous toll-fairy females. They had washed her naked standing in a large basin of water. They had cleansed her breasts and her womanly area. She had never had anyone touch her there and found this shocking. But they assured her that "Our Lord" would want to taste the nectar of his new bride. 

Standing before him in a white virginal sheer robe of silk, as was their ways of virgin brides, he came in the room and smiled. He was a beast of a man and so very ugly with eyes of green, one of his redeeming qualities. She could see cord upon cord of muscle running down his arms, his bare chest and down to his white silk loin cloth that did not give him any modesty. She could see with great definition that he was very large and she was certain that this night would not be without terrible pain and blood. She had to bleed. Twas the ways of our people. If you did not bleed and soak the virginal wedding cloth that she clutched in her hand, she was impure and would be shamed and sent home and the war would continue. So even in her fear she hoped she bled to soak this cloth so it could be on display in both lands to prove they truly were mated and she was pure enough to be a prize of peace. 

"You are a beautiful fairy, my bride, Elia." His voice so low and sure and confident, he smiled and his ugly face somehow softened. "Tis our ways for me to take you. Now! With force and tear your maidenhead within you and claim it as my own." He said advancing on Elia.

She gasped and took a step back. She didn't mean to, she wasn't supposed to. She was to take a step to him, not away from him, but she was afraid.

"Fear not my little one." He said smiling, and again his face softened and became almost handsome within his ugliness. 

Elia took a breath, but still full of fear took a step forward. Was the dance of old, he took a step she took a step and this continued until they joined coming together in peace.

"I know you are not of my land and I promise to take care as I take you." He said taking another step forward.

Elia took a step forward, with great fear in her heart which she was certain was visible on her fragile delicate face.

"Ah yes, come to me child. Come..." he beckoned. He was trying to use a spell to ease her but her line being of pure fairy blood was immune to such things. She regretted this as she wanted to be entranced so this would be over soon and her heart wouldn't explode from fear.

"hmm...you are immune? I'm so sorry my bride, but I will try to be gentle." He moved closer and she too took a step to him.

He was now within arm's reach of her. She was so small and stood just below his great chest, he too was afraid of hurting this delicate creature. He wanted her but he didn't want to kill her on their first coupling. He had to be gentle as gentle as his cock would allow. He had never had a woman so fair. He had never had a virgin woman, nor a desire to bed one. Women with experience would go to their knees immediately and take and swallow what he had to offer and bend to his needs without hesitation. This child like creature before him could easily break, he would have to couple with her with care. She is so afraid which made him harden for some reason. As a warrior he wanted her to fear him a little but trust him to treat her with as much care as he could.

Elia said nothing. She clutched her virgin-cloth and waited for her husband to do as he will. But he stood there looking at her and gently smiling at her. She looked down and could see him hardening, his size was that of a tree branch, she was certain this coupling would kill her and her virgin-cloth would mean naught to any if she was dead....the war would begin again. She pleaded in her mind that Balhori would not kill her. She looked up at him, into those green eyes she was finding mesmerizing. Was he able to entrance her after all? His lips were full and almost beautiful and she licked her own lips as she looked up at them. He moaned and reached for her.

His hands gently caressed her shoulders, she couldn't help it but tears started to flow down her white and delicate cheeks.

"Fear not, I will try not to harm you with our first coupling." He said gently. He took her more firmly and she relaxed a little in his arms. He reached down and gently kissed her rose red lips. He felt her lips part and he gently pushed his tongue into her mouth. 

In spite of her fear she moaned softly feeling this warriors large tongue push into her mouth battling with hers claiming her unkissed mouth as his own. He let out a deep groan and she could feel his hardness press against her body. 

"Ah yes, my little Elia, you do respond well." He withdrew his kiss, which Elia was sorry for as she was feeling his kiss move throughout her body and feeling strange tingling in places she had never before. He walked over to the large wedding bed. Elia gulped and immediately became afraid.

"No...don't be afraid little one, shhhh...come to me." He beckoned with his hand out reached to her.

"My Lord as you wish." She bowed and walked forward and took his hand. 

He gladly took it and pulled her quickly onto the bed beside him and she yelped out a surprise and he chuckled. Lying on his side beside her he traced his enormous hands over her face and down her hair. She sighed softly, this was nice, she thought, he's not hurting me.

"Ah yes, Elia...my bride. I will claim you as mine and we will soak your virgin-cloth for all to see, I promise you." He smiled gently, then suddenly he tore at her silk robe which broke away quickly exposing her tiny breasts. She jumped and yelped.

"Fear not...it's just a delicate thing that is holding my treasures away from me. I will not touch you in such a way as I did this silly cloth." He said reassuringly. 

His hands tracing down her sides then across her flat belly. He made little circles at her belly button then stopped and looked in Elia's eyes. She was holding her breath, his hands were but magic upon her flesh. 

"You are glowing softly with your fairy colours my bride." Balhori chuckled. Elia blushed with embarrassment. She had never done such a thing ever in her 315 years of life. She had seen others do this when they were close and holding hands but never had she experienced this before. Her skin seemed to be alive with pastel rainbows glowing from her skin.

"You are a treasure, a thing of beauty...and you will be mine ever eternal to plunder at my will." Balhori said with a low growl. 

Elia looked into his sparkling green eyes and they seemed to glow with green fire, then his mouth was upon hers once again. He groaned into her mouth as his tongue forced his way into her mouth and claimed it again. He pulled back and they were both breathing slightly harder and he bent down again and sucked upon her lips, harder and harder until they swelled and were bruising, but strangely she liked this. Her race was ever gentle and no one talked of times when couples were anything but soft and caring and of a gentle touch. This was electric and made her body ache. The ends of her small breasts hardened into little pearls as she arched up to his kiss. He sighed and smiled.

"Oh yes, my Elia you do not cower from pain. A true child of a warrior! " He pressed his hand gentle against her stomach.

"This womb will produce a son that is fierce!" He bellowed raising his head and laughing. 

As was our ways of marriage, all females were to be in season on the night of their wedding. A virgin conception was one of the purest kind and produced great warriors, leaders and the most beautiful of all. It would be of devastating shame to her and her people if their coupling this eve did not make her ripe with child. The healers and the seers of both races would examine her on the first full moon after her coupling, a fortnight ahead, and would announce if she was shamed or not. They predict the sex of the child and make plans for the future leader. But first she must take Balhori's seed several times this eve to ensure the future of their races. The war must end at any cost.

"It would please me my Lord to give our races a new leader." Elia said smiling nervously up at her warrior mate.

"Yes, my Elia...yes. I will fill you with so much seed upon our first coupling it will spill upon our bed clothes!" He smiled raising her tiny hand to his lips and kissed gently.

"Now, do not fear..." He said cautiously. "I will now touch your delicate skin and claim what is mine, but I will put aside many of our ways and move in a manner of your people." He smiled gently down at her as he moved his hands up her stomach and between her small breasts.

"My Lord, I am yours to take as you will." Elia said submitting to his power. Her lips were bruised and swelled and the pain felt...somehow exciting. 

"It pleases me to see you accept me willingly my bride." He said moving his huge hand to her breasts. He kneaded gently and maintained eye contact with her. She sighed and closed her eyes.

"Open your eyes, my bride. I want to be sure you want me and only me." He softly ordered.

"Yes...yes...my Lord. My apologies I did mean to offend." She said horrified and in fear of what punishment he would now inflict. The Bendithians were known for their punishment chambers throughout the lands. The slightest offense and the punishment chambers would be used. There were many such sorts of chambers, depending on the depth of the offense committed. So her fear was visible in greatness upon her beautiful delicate face...and she ceased to glow like a rainbow.

"Nay...do not fear.." Her warrior soothed.

"Just keep your eyes on me. Understood?" He asked gently.

"Yes my Lord, I do not wish to offend nor do I wish to place my feet upon the floors of the Punishment Chambers." she said softly and boldly looking into his ethereal eyes.

"ah...Punishment Chambers...I see, again, fear not. Tis our wedding bed. I will forgive you of your insolence this eve..." He said firmly, then rolled her nipple between his fat fingers. She sucked in a breath and her body started a glow again. Her eyes shone a delicate light behind them shining colours of blue, green, violent and white.

He purred with approval and continued rolling her nipples on her small breasts.

"Ah my bride...you have such small breasts but your nipples are hardened jewels bigger than any crystal set in my Helm of Bendith. They stand out so far I am compelled to chew upon them." He said flicking a nipple quite hard with his finger. Elia yelped but groaned at the same time.

"Yes my Elia...oh yes!" he encouraged. 

He bent down and kissed her swollen lips and plunged his tongue sharply into her mouth, she opened and moaned. He moved his body so it was over her. His body was so large it completely covered hers so he was careful not to put his full weight upon her. She squirmed under him. He did not force her legs apart and enter her..as would have been his way with any Benditian woman, no he reveled in her soft moans and her gentle rainbow glow as he kissed her and forced his tongue into her mouth. 

He looked down upon her and smiled. Elia thought he was becoming more handsome but his body was so big looking down she could see he had assets that matched if not more so. His size had yet again grown and it would seem he was large if not larger than the warrior statues that stood in her home court yard. These statues were 10 feet tall and had equipment to match, yet here before her, her warrior groom had that and more. She was sure there would be great pain if not death. Balhori saw her concern and smiled. 

"Again little one, fear not. If it takes many couplings to finally make you mine I will oblige. But tonight I will fill you with my seed even if I cannot fully take you to my hilt." He said gently caressing her face. 

"Thank you my Lord, but it is our custom to soak my virgin-cloth. So there must be a virgin coupling of blood. Please my lord." Elia pleaded.

"Yes, of course, little one. Do not worry, there will be virgin blood even if you do not fully sheath me between your legs." With this he kissed her again gently at first then again sucking hard on her lips. She moaned and he kneaded and pulled hard upon her nipples, she pushed herself of the bed and moaned louder and started to glow even brighter. 

This pleased Balhori as he thought he would have to rape his Peri bride and he was prepared to do this to ensure the peace between the two races. In fact right now both sides expected him to be forcing her upon his hardness. Yet she succumb, to the pain, to the gentleness... to him. How could he refuse her when she glowed so, how could he refuse her when she was like that of a child in size and in sweetness. In all his 450 years he had never had such a delicate beautiful creature underneath him, nor had he ever hoped to make her his forever. 

He kissed and bit hard upon her nipples. He sucked upon her flesh marking her breasts. She was his. She cried out with pleasure all the while glowing and breathing hard. He kissed her and marked her stomach. Her hands ran through his hair as she seemed to push him down upon her glowing flesh. She tastes of a fresh spring day. It was intoxicating and he almost forgot himself when he let out a loud roar and startled his little Elia.

"Do I offend you, my Lord." Elia asked startled by his roar.

"no, no...you are a delight. You skin tastes of spring and your moans are but music to my ears" He groaned softly. 

Elia smiled. "I am glad my Lord, I wish only to please you this night."

"Aye and many other nights ahead." He smiled up at her.

"I will now taste of you, little one." With this he moved between her legs and spread them gently.

Elia was a little afraid but gave him no resistance. He was gentle and spread her legs carefully. There before him was a wonder he had never seen before. Her delicate skin was aglow even here, between her legs. She had no hair as her race was known for. She was small and tiny, like that of a child but she was womanly all the same. This concerned him but of course this race was tiny so her 4 foot 6 inch frame delicate, he reminded himself that she was a woman of 315 years and she was his woman. He looked down at the delicate soft mound and followed the soft folds that hid the secret sheath that made her a woman. 

His virgin bride.... had never touched. He breathed gently upon her sweet mound and she sighed and her delicate womanly lips parted ever so slightly. He looked up at her and she had her glowing eyes upon his face. He smiled and reached up for her small breasts and pinched her nipples hard. He held them, pinched then pulled up and released and pulled up harder then released. She moaned and her little mound moved involuntarily up to his face. He continued the painful tugging of her nipples but she loved it. She didn't know why but he wanted it to hurt it sent shivers all the way down to her core. 

Balhori took in a breath through his nose. "Ah, my sweet Elia, I smell your virgin scent. Soon to be mine." He groaned.

He lowered his nose to her mound and breathed in her fragrance. She shivered and moaned more loudly. He looked upon her glowing rainbow coloured eyes and pulled ever harder upon her nipples, she cried out in pain and in pleasure. He then set his tongue upon her mound and followed her the crease of her folds down to her virgin sheath. She almost came undone and raised off the bed towards her warrior.

"My Lord!" she called out softly. "This feels so strange to me yet my body is alive and tingling all over, especially in my most private of womanly parts." She cooed. 

Balhori chuckled against her soft mound. 

"My bride...I will bring you pleasure, I promise this." He said burying his tongue deeper between her delicate petals. 

"Ah yes!...your virgin nectar, let me partake in this and drink you." He said releasing her nipples and lifting her up high with his hands on her buttocks. She moaned ever louder and came closer and closer to exploding into colours. 

Balhori pushed his tongue between her now swollen lips and lapped at her nectar and groaned louder and louder. His cock was weeping as he rhythmically rubbed it into the bed beneath him. He wanted this tight sheath around him but he knew it was too soon. He needed to make this delicate sheath open for his final assault before he could mount her. He pushed his tongue inside her. She winched and clamped her lips upon his tongue. He looked up at her and gently pushed forward. He could feel the very thing that made her pure. Her maidenhead was at the tip of his tongue. He gently licked and pushed upon it, lapping up the sweet nectar that she poured into his mouth. She relaxed and moaned and tossed her head gently side to side. He would not let her finish like this. He wanted to make her finish over and over again upon his cock. He would be shamed if his cock were not the tool he used for her delicate virgin first time eruption. Again their ways...silly? Maybe but his cock throbbed and it was of a great size than it had ever been. 

He pulled his tongue from her maidenhead and lapped at her lips, Elia moaned. Such joy she was feeling she was glowing ever brighter and wasn't sure when it would end. 

Balhori found her tiny nub with his fingers and gently rubbed in soft circles. Her eyes opened wide and glowed so brightly they shone upon their bed chamber wall. He chuckled and lapped at her nectar.
