 The heavy thud of Captain Marcus Denham's boots echoed down the metallic hallway as tried not to hurry to the hold as he struggled to hide his interest over the newest 'acquisition'. A rare thing considering how long he had been in this profession. Bodyguards and a personal slave followed closely behind.

He already knew the vid taken of her capture would be enough to make a fortune. From what he had seen the girl's looks alone would be enough to turn a tidy profit. Not to mention the dumb luck of catching her masturbating on tape and all nicely topped off with her taking to a Tangler like a duck to water.

Although operating in space often required a vac-suit or something similar to increase chances of survival Denham much preferred to dress to impress, drawing inspiration from 15th century pirates.

He strode around the corner, his appearance and demeanour giving the impression of elegance desired. Even though it was his intention to provide the perfect first impression, as soon as he laid eyes on the blue haired beauty he knew that he had been upstaged.

This perfect specimen of the female form stood staring blankly ahead, only kept still by a crewman's firm grip on her elbow. The red vac-suit tightly gripped every shape of her body and Denham knew exactly what substance she shared the suit with. The glazed over expression betrayed how effectively the Tangler's excretions had taken control of her. Body and mind.

The crewman glanced in Denham's direction "It's taking a while to wear off, Sir. But she won't be this easily influenced for long. Where do you want her?"

The captain's eyes hungrily roamed the view presented to him as he considered his answer. She was too good to just give to the crew and would certainly be wasted milking the Tanglers, even if she hadn't proved a natural at it. At least for what little input the unfortunate women had in the process.

So the choice was either make a fortune off of her, or keep this one for himself.

Reaching out a hand, Denham rested a palm on her midriff. The response was instant as the subject in question gasped and took a shuddering breath, her whole body tensing up.

"Responsive" the Captain mused, more to himself than anyone else. He moved his hand downwards, enjoying the feel of the plastic-like reflective material under his fingers and cupping her protruding sex as it pressed outwards against the red suit. He stared intently into her brilliantly blue eyes and awaited a reaction.

The tension was thick with the gathered crowd, the crewmen that had brought her forward were desperately hoping she would perform so they would be rewarded.

They didn't have to wait as the young woman's moan echoed loudly through the comparatively silent chamber and her eyes fluttered closed.

"I wonder, are you the sort of girl that can remember these things or will you forget it all later? Maybe if you're lucky I'll take my time to explain why this is happening to you. Consider it a rare privilege." He spoke softly but a more sinister tone was hidden behind the words, a voice used to command. Even as he spoke Elaine's body visibly reacted to his tone and an unexpected rush of excitement hit Marcus.

Snapping his fingers behind him he wordlessly commanded his 'assistant' to step forward from his entourage. A young woman gracefully stepped forward, balancing delicately on impossibly tall heels and subconsciously adjusting her prized and hard-earned French maid uniform. The new arrival bowed low to her owner, letting her panties show to those behind her.

Marcus looked back proudly at her, suppressing a smile at her transformation to obedient whore.

"Take her to my cabin and prepare her. Call me when she's... sober."

The Captain moved his hand up, letting the tips of his fingers graze the length of Elaine's body and briefly stroking her cheek. He allowed himself a private smile, watching the aphrodisiac addled woman desperately crave contact before turning away abruptly and marching off.

He had big plans for this one.

----

A fierce gust of wind tore over the cliff top, scaring the teenagers staring out over the ocean and the jagged rocks jutting upwards towards them. Nervous giggles encouraging more and leading to a feedback loop. The boy next to Elaine was a distant memory now, but he smiled at her and made her want to be brave. She wanted to impress.

She shattered her comfort zone and took two steps and leapt from the cliff. The wind tore past her ears, adrenaline pumped through her veins and the rush of excitement took over as the ocean rushed up to meet her.

----

Elaine's mind slowly started to swim back to consciousness feeling like a return to sobriety, as the dream faded her eyes opened and her vision was filled with the view of a gorgeous young woman being held by countless tentacles as they furiously thrusted into her body. The woman twisted and turned, writhing in ecstasy moaning and screaming with abandon.

With a start Elaine recognised the subject on the screen was herself prompting the memory of the previous day to come flooding back, cold dread washed over her as her other senses returned to. She quickly became aware of the chains tightly wrapped around her wrists and ankles, her arms stretched above her head and holding her off the ground, her legs hanging above the ground yet stretched out and secured with a chain to the ground keeping her naked body painfully stretched out.

The corner of her vision betrayed movement as a man stepped into the light of the screen re-enacting her violation. He was dressed in a manner better suited to an ancient seagoing pirate than anyone living in space, a wry smile on his face.

"Good morning. About time you woke up. I've been looking forward to meeting you." He turned his head and watched the screen for a moment before turning back "I've never seen anyone take to a tangler quite so eagerly. Like a fish to water, really."

Elaine was struck with a mixture of embarrassment, shame, anger and perhaps on some level... excitement? The anger quickly won over and she steeled herself and felt defiant to spite her predicament.

"Let me go. Give me my clothes and my ship. Destroy that video. In that order." Her voice holding strong.

The man before her rolled his eyes, deflating Elaine immediately.

"Sorry my dear, that won't be happening. For starters, we already dismantled your ship. As for releasing you? You're already a superstar. This behind me? That's a best seller."

Opening her mouth to protest, he cut her off without raising his voice and letting his natural aura of command speak for itself. "Perhaps we could auction you off, if you insist? Although who knows where you'd end up..."

Digging deep the bound captive met the man's eyes "I am a citizen of the space colonies. I am human. I am not property. There will be consequences. I guarantee it." She felt a flicker of hope, feeling pride in her own composure.

The man stared back into her eyes silently for a minute before letting his own composure slip, doubling over with laughter and eradicating her small victory. 

She looked away in embarrassment. 

He recovered and in two strides closed the gap between them, pressing his clothed body against her naked form. She'd been bound before, but that was with past boyfriends. That was consensual. Fun. Now all she felt was vulnerable.

From outside of her view his hand harshly gripped the back of her head, twisting her ear to his mouth and in a maddeningly calm tone stated "You weren't chosen by accident. We've been watching you. We've seen your browser history. This is what you want. All of those fantasies can be real; all you have to do is submit. Call me Sir. Do that and it will all be yours.."

Something inside her snapped. He wasn't wrong, she did fantasise about this. But not like this. Her voice cracked as she abandoned reasoning, rasping "Fuck. You."

The hand holding her head suddenly released and the man stepped back, a look of satisfaction on his face. He nodded to the darkness and out stepped perhaps the most sexual being Elaine had ever seen, tightly wrapped in a latex-esque costume resembling a stereotypical French maid. The small woman's hips swayed hypnotically as she approached with something clasped in her hand.

She approached silently and the captive woman almost lost focus on her situation in the presence of such overt sexuality. As a result she failed to notice the object in this new arrivals hand before it was too late. In one smooth move she effortlessly popped the concealed ball-gag into Elaine's mouth and secured it behind her head, stepping away while looking satisfied.

In the next movement the woman revealed a long lash in her other hand, quickly and mercilessly striking across Elaine's midriff. Her assailants both watched in amusement as the helpless woman shrieked into the gag and thrashed helplessly in her bonds.

"One." The man calmly stated.

Another strike against Elaine's midriff earned the same reaction as the man quietly counted off the blows. "Two." And continued counting.

"Ten." By now Elaine hung tensely in the bonds, drool running down her chin from the gag and her teeth biting down hard on the ball. The maid reached behind her head, releasing the gag and turning to look at the man as he asked a single question, "Ready to call me Sir?"

"Fuck... you." Whatever happened, she wouldn't submit willingly. It wouldn't happen; she refused to let them break her.

The words had barely left Elaine's mouth before the gag was roughly replaced and secured. The whip swung through the air, this time avoiding her reddened midriff and striking her ass loudly, the sound echoing loudly through the room. 

In the background the recording continued to play, mocking her.

"One."

From her position in the chains, Elaine lost her composure to the endless rain of whiplashes falling on her backside and was reduced to helplessly whimpering into the gag. Through the haze of agony she noticed her assailants nipples had hardened and were clearly visible through the latex costume. The gorgeous bitch was turned on by this.

The count of ten passed and the blows kept coming, relief only came when the man stated "Twenty." 

The blows stopped and once again the gag was removed and the same question was asked again. Surprising everyone in the room, Elaine included, she uttered the same answer. "Fuck. You."

The gag was quickly replaced and the terrifying count of "One" began again. This time the maid directed the majority of her attacks against the captive woman's breasts and between her legs. Turning Elaine into a limp mess, drooling helplessly and shrieking loudly with every single blow. She lost herself to the endless abuse, her will gone and waiting for the next opportunity to call the man directing her torture 'Sir'.

After an eternity to Elaine, the count of "Thirty" reached her.

An uneasy silence settled over the metal-walled chamber, broken only by Elaine's ragged breathing as she desperately gasped for breath around the gag awkwardly filling her mouth.

The bound girl flinched suddenly as a feminine hand gently stroked its way up her side to her face to be joined by its counterpart. Elaine's eyes focused in on the face of the petite woman looking at her with an unexpected sympathetic look in her eyes. 

The maid then quickly wiped the tears from her cheeks and drool from around the gag, taking a moment to arrange her hair in an oddly out of place gesture of kindness.

Her hands moved upwards again up to Elaine's wrists, loosening the ties and bringing her arms down easily taking her weight as she fell forward exhausted and in physical agony.

Her mind was snapped back to the room as new, rough hands grabbed her now free wrists and roughly pulled them behind her and reapplied the binds, painfully tightening them again and lifting her limp form, throwing her awkwardly over a nearby table.

The sound of a belt buckle coming undone reached her ears but she was far too exhausted to event attempt to defend herself. Elaine lay still there helpless, accepting the inevitable as rough hands grabbed her hips and she felt the man's presence between her legs.

With no concern for her comfort he plunged into her in one thrust, making her bite down hard on her gag as her body clenched tightly onto her assailant. 

A small part of her took solace in the thought that she'd had bigger, before the man began mercilessly thrusting into her for his own pleasure.

The maid moved out of her sight and Elaine felt her throwing a leg over her and awkwardly mounting her, a warm wetness pressed against the back of her neck and her assailants kissed passionately above her as they used their captive as a sex toy. One thrusting into her roughly as the other grinded against the back of her neck, moaning in satisfaction.

To spite herself the situation began to arouse her, both the man and woman above her moaning in pleasure as they used her body as a sex aid. The sound of the thrusts changed as Elaine became wet and a small amount of pleasure began to mix itself in with her discomfort and pain.

The maid moaned loudly as her legs squeezed either side of Elaine's head, her own grinding bringing her to orgasm as the Captain began thrusting faster and groaning more. 

Suddenly she withdrew from Elaine and violent thrust himself into her ass, pushing in deep and cumming deep inside her. All three parties stopped moving, Elaine trembling as the man's cock throbbed inside her and shot cum deep inside her ass.

The man took a shuddering breath before pulling out roughly, kissing the maid one last time, pulled up his trousers and strode from the room leaving the women alone together.

Heavy breathing echoed around the room as the smaller woman stood up and moved to the corner of the room, watching Elaine as she lay limp across the table and slowly recovered from her ordeal.

The next thing Elaine knew was the sudden appearance of a thick metal collar around her neck, similar to the one she had noticed the other woman wearing. The maid took her by her still bound arms and gently brought her to her feet, gripping her with a strength that should have been beyond her small stature.

Elaine stood on unsure legs, a sense of nausea creeping over her as she realised her situation more clearly having been given some time to get her bearings and think past the agony of her battered body. The other woman gently ushered her towards a door and through it into the main corridors of the ship they were on.

The maid spoke softly, warning her that the cum inside her was precious and she should learn to worship it and she would be punished for every drop she let escape her body without permission.

As they walked they drew glances from the large crowd of people sharing the corridors Elaine found herself making countless observations. The crew was predominantly men, walking around with a manner of confidence and even arrogance beyond even what she'd come to expect. Amongst them were the apparent officers, better dressed and followed by one or more women obediently staring at their feet and dressed to accommodate what Elaine presumed to be their personal fetishes.

That's not so say all the crew were men, there were women amongst the ranks too. These carried themselves with a terrifying aura of authority their eyes raking over her red, whipped and aching body hungrily. An odd contrast to the otherwise cocky men who seemed to be averting their eyes from the naked woman in their midst.

The soft voice spoke from behind her again, "Please obey, the Captain has marked you of interest to him. It's an honour, you don't want him to rescind that. Otherwise you'll become public use." Her voice hesitated and cracked "You won't want that."

Part of Elaine's mind understood the psychological tactics being used on her, good cop, bad cop. But she couldn't help but feel a sense of comradery with the woman that moments ago had been sexually abusing her. She was finding her presence soothing.

As they kept walking they entered a new hall, where windows let her see into large chambers and to her terror saw women in the clutches of tanglers and large vats below collecting the fluids the aliens were secreting.

To Elaine this was the moment she realised just what kind of people she had been taken in by. In addition to the pornographic material they made and sold, they must be harvesting and selling the tangler secretions. The ultimate date-rape drug. She found herself slowing her pace and a sense of dread crept over her fully for the first time.

Then her thoughts were interrupted by a small timid gasp from behind her, the maid was staring intently at something on the floor with a look of fear. "You broke an order..." Elaine turned as fast as she could, a new sense of fear taking control and looked down.

A small pool of cum had escaped from her body and lay on the ground. The maid looked up into her eyes. "I'm sorry..."

Electricity tore through her body and mind, the collar discharging without bias into her and she dropped to her knees as her vision went dark and she failed to even scream into the gag.

Eventually the discharge subsided and her vision slowly returned to the woman escorting her on her knees hungrily licking up the liquid, as she finished she looked up to her captive. "The Masters cum is an honour."

Elaine struggled to breath steadily through the gag and her now aching jaw due to being propped open all this time. Once again her sympathetic captor lifted her up with ease, leading her further on and into the ship.

They passed more exhibitions of sexual abuse, cameras visible the whole time capturing every debasement . Women in stocks bent over and passing crewmen stopping to use them, women bound and kept as ornaments lined the halls, she saw an auction block and one woman standing obediently as she was measured for a costume of some sort.

They crossed a room and behind the window was what appeared to be the more 'general' intake of women, lined up naked and nearly all attempting to resist as the mostly-female 'trainers' worked on breaking them. "You were spared that..." commented the maid, as if she'd been done some great favour by being whipped and raped.

Eventually they made it to her cell, with only one more instance of Elaine being electrically shocked by the collar for 'disobedience'. They arrived at a small cell with two beds and a bathroom off to the side. Notably the wall facing the main corridor was transparent allowing anyone walking past to see in. The exception to this seemed to be the bathroom.

Elaine groaned in agony as the restrains on her arms and the gag in her mouth were finally removed, her mouth so dry now she couldn't muster a word of defiance as she was pushed into the cell and fell to her knees. 

The maid closed the door and departed with the words "For your sake... you'll want to be presentable in the morning."

After lying on the cold floor for an unknown time, Elaine dragged herself to her feet to look around finally moving to the bathroom and taking the advice. The memory of the collars shock all too recent in her mind. She considered staying in there and out of the view of leering passers by when the room began to heat up at an alarming rate, forcing her to return to the full view of the crew walking past. 

Having returned to the main cell, Elaine noticed two beds. On one her red-vac suit waited clean and fresh. On the other a girl slept, one Elaine recognised from the space port before she was taken. Tall, gorgeous and clad in a blue version of her own vac-suit. 

Weighing up remaining naked before the crowd, or donning her vac-suit and most importantly it's healing properties she stepped into the garment and as it sealed around her she immediately noticed some differences.

