 Author’s Note - Please read from Chapter 1 to make sense of this. This is not a quick stroke story. There will be sexy-times, but they will only happen as the story’s pace dictates, and that won’t start quick.

All characters participating in sexual activities are 18 or older.

Chapter 4

“I’m sorry Tauriz, but you calling me Master makes me very uncomfortable. Can you call me Ray, please?”

“If you wish it, Master, I will be able to, but if I understand your intent please let me say that I would prefer to still be able to call you Master at need. I can forsee situations where that may be needed, depending among other things on what creatures and forces still walk this world, as they would understand Master and would not understand Ray.”

“Wow. OK, I wish that.”

“Oh, Master, please be careful! Please be as precise as you can be when making wishes. Happily a previous Master of mine made a wish requiring me to only fulfill specific wishes that could not be misinterpreted. As such, I cannot fulfill the wish as phrased.”

“Curious. Would you deliberately misinterpret a wish of mine?”

“No, Master, especially not now, but I would be sorely tempted to twist a Jinn’s wish if I could, especially Jinn Lord’s.”

“I guess I can understand that.”

Ray thought hard for a brief moment. She felt pleased as she saw how his mind worked, smooth and efficient, swift and powerful. He asked Tauriz, “What happened to the previous Master who put that rule on you?”

“That Jinn Lord was devious, subtle and cruel. She had many enemies over her long life, and when one started to get close to ending her she wished to escape the trap she found herself in. As the wording was ambiguous, I was required to not fulfill her wish, nor the next three she tried to make. Her enemy struck her down before she could make another.”

“A cautionary tale.”

“For the Lords of the Jinn, definitely, not that I ever intend to teach them that save once each at the time of their demise.”

“Again, can’t blaim you. Are you able to write down all the wishes or other commands that currently or could currently affect you?”

“Ray is wise to ask, and I can make such a list.”

“Interesting. Hypothetically, if you were given two conflicting wishes Tauriz, what would happen?”

“The binding conditions of my enslavement take absolute precedence in order, followed by the latest wishes of my current Master, followed by prior Masters’ wishes, finally ending with extraneous conditions from my enslavement.”

“What are the binding conditions, Tauriz?”

“1) If I am released from the sheathe when I have no Master, whosoever releases me becomes my new Master. 2) If I have no Master, I am drawn to and entrapped within the sheathe until released. 3) I cannot act upon the location of Jinn or genie unless I can perceive them with my own eyes. 4) I must defend my Master at all costs. 5) I may never lie to my Master. 6) My Master’s commands become my existence as long as the other binding conditions are met.”

“I’ll have to think about those, there may be loopholes.”

“Thank you, Ray, but I’ve been trying to find them for many millennia.”

“Many millenia? I know you never ask a lady her age, but I now have to - how old are you, Tauriz?”

“Master, I am yours. You can ask me anything, and I will answer as truthfully as I may, only constrained by those conditions before the fifth. 

“I am among the last of my kind, the Hinn. Perhaps by this point I’m the very last, I have no way to be certain. We were the first physical intellects created by the angelics, allegedly at the behest of a deity. We were alive before the Binn, who were before the Timm, who were before the Rimm, who were before the Jann, who were before the Jinn. Humans are the latest created, they followed well after the creation of the Jinn. Long before humans walked this Earth, the Jinn attacked and destroyed the Hann, save only for myself and a very few others, who mostly became the Jinn’s greatest weapons. The Timm fell next, then the Rimm and the Jinn kept none of them alive. Recently, or rather when last I walked this earth, the Jinn began to attack the Jann, and the fighting continued up until I lost my last Master.

“I sleep a sleep much like death while in the sheathe, and do not know either who won or lost those battles. Nor do I yet know how long ago that was. But I have memories of events I experienced or that I had been told of which appear similar to others you recall as myths and legends. Those memories of yours are from far in your past, and some are moderately amusing in how time has altered them.”

“Tauriz, I earn my living by puzzling out what has happened in the past. An historian, we call it nowadays. I am fascinated by the potential answers to ancient riddles you may hold in your knowledge.”

“I will of course be happy to tell you all I know, Ray, but memory is not my purpose and I may not be able to recall all of what you might wish to know.”

“Of course, Tauriz. That’s perfectly fine. In fact, it is reassuring that humans and Hinn have at least some similar weaknesses. You mentioned that you were one of the Jinn’s greatest weapons?”

“Yes, Ray. That is my purpose. I am Hinn. We were created by the angelics from samum, which can create, but its primary use is destruction. Samum is occasionally referred to as the scorching fire, as of the razing torch, the corpse-burning bier, the melting forge, or the firing kiln. Alternately, the Jinn were made from marij min mar, the smokeless flame, the flickering candlelight distracting you from that which stalks you in the night. Marij min mar is much better at illusion or trickery than destruction or creation. As my nature can destroy illusions as easily as anything else, Jinn do not long stand against me.”

“Then how did the Jinn defeat the Hinn?”

“In large part, treachery, guile, and hidden actions. One Hinn may destroy a thousand Jinn in open battle, but a well prepared Jinn can end an even larger number of unexpecting Hinn. In addition, it eventually became a common rumor that the Lords of the Jinn owed fealty to Fallen angelics, who had lent them powers and abilities never before granted those with” and here she made a sound much like the call of an owl.

“I do not recognize that last term, Tauriz. I do not believe I’ve ever heard it before.”

Tauriz paused for a second, thinking. “In your tongue it seems it would be spelled ‘rwh’. Those who now study the remaining legendary fragments of the ancient magics might call it essence, or soul. It is the essential nature of living beings, be they as simple as a spot of moss or as grand as the largest whale. With rwh, it lives. When rwh leaves, it no longer lives. There are exceptions to this, but all those which dwell under the shroud of mortality face this truth at the end of their existence.

“Does that make sense, Master?”

“I’ve heard of and seen many a term for what I’d generally call a soul, Tauriz, but that particular one is new to me. We humans have no way to detect this, urm, rwh? Did I say that right?”

Tauriz corrected his pronunciation, having him roll the ‘r’ much like the Gaels might before exhaling in a ghost-like ‘wooo’. All together it truly sounded much like an owl’s call. 

“Thank you. As I was saying, we do not have the ability to detect the presence or absence of rwh except through the effects on a body.”

“Previously there are some few humans who develop the ability to stretch or extend rwh beyond the limits of their flesh. These extensions are called jawhar, and are the true sign of the mortal magus, be they human, Hinn, Jinn, or otherwise. One of the earliest lessons most learn while learning jawhar is contacting others’ rwh. 

“Unlike humans, each of the elder mortal races had another aspect tied into and supporting their rwh. As I mentioned earlier, for we Hinn it is samum, and for Jinn marij min mar. This linkage greatly eases jawhar, either increasing precision and/or the, the amplitude of their effects. 

“The one true immortal race, the angelics, have no rwh, and thus cannot form jawhar. This is strength and weakness both, as they are instead beings formed directly from divine light. This is too great a power to be contained in rwh, and the rwh would be damaged if not destroyed were there to be angelics utilizing their essence through it.”

“Yet you mentioned the Jinn Lords were granted power by angelics?”

“Indeed, which is why many considered them naught but rumors. There is no known way to combine divine light with rwh without the latter failing. Yet, the rumors persisted. I do not know their truth.”

Chapter 5

“Hrmm. You have me flummoxed, Tauriz. You have brought so many new things for me to learn about, I seem to be missing the critical issues. Do you think you, I, and/or our relationship is threatened by external forces?”

“Of course, Master. If it becomes known to any surviving Jinn, they will do almost anything to retrieve me -- weapons such as I are exceedingly rare and have led to the destruction and creation of many Jinn Lords. The few times Hinn were held by non-Jinn before, the Jinn effectively declared war upon the newest Master. 

“By this point, any surviving Jann may also seek weapons such as myself, assuming the Jinn did not exterminate them as they have others before. The angelics typically do not care for beings such as myself, even though we are a threat to them, for their relations on the opposite side of the Fall are their primary partners in conflict, although it may be true that the Fallen angelics have corrupted Jinn to their side of their private war.

“Finally, wish magic has always been highly sought after by your kind, Master. More than one genie’s Master has perished at the hands of other humans.”

“Daunting,” he said, and smiled. She was impressed, he had no feel of the oily fear to him.

“Given your abilities, how might one of these foes strike at me?”

“Given your world’s horrors, Master, there are many ways humans might attempt to slay you. In general, others will attempt to disable me, driving me back into the sheathe to recover, and while I lay trapped and insensate they would attack you.”

“Even given this threat, Tauriz, I prefer you to use nonlethal force wherever possible. I understand that your binding precludes that being more than a preference, but I would appreciate it if you could try to adhere to it.”

“As long as I do not think you too threatened, Master, I will try non-lethal force before others, since you ask.”

“Thank you. So, how do you hide yourself from all these foes, Tauriz?”

“I am undetectable by any but the Jinn Lords while I reside within the sheathe, Master. Unfortunately, I am unconscious while I am doing so. On top of that,” she seemed to pop into a small bronze cloud that resettled on his desk within two breaths. “I have this form, Master.”

A large, living example of what the statue was modeled after now stood on top of his desk. She wore the same collar, but her fur was the flat black of deepest night, even though her eyes remained the same rich amber hue. She was massive, a mastiff almost a yard high at the shoulder, massing well over a hundred pounds.

“You are gorgeous in both form, Tauriz.”

“Thank you, Master. I am glad this form pleases you as well.”

“It does. Could you return to your human form please? Hearing your thoughts drop into my mind is something I will get used to, but it’s currently still rather unsetting.”

The cloud reformed for the brief moment before Tauriz was on the desk again, now resting cross-legged and sitting straight with her sheathe in her lap. She seemed to be petting it. Her silken outfit settled closer on her body in this position, revealing that her nipples appeared to be hard and her thighs were rather more muscular than her arms. 

“Of course, Master. I can speak to your mind in this form, as well, but I am aware of your preferences. I am unable to make human noises in my hound form, of course, so I am limited to thought-speech when I am on four feet.”

“You’re aware of my preferences? Until you started speaking to me while in the cloud form, I was unaware there was anything to have a preference about.”

“Truth, Master, and yet -- you quickly formed a strong preference.”

“Hrm. And how are you aware of that preference, Tauriz?”

“As I was released from the sheathe, you brought my rwh into contact with your own. As I need to understand your needs and goals so as to serve you, I followed prior Masters’ wishes and made a copy of your memories. Those memories are what guide me in this language, in understanding that which I see, and perhaps most importantly in comprehending the threats your world holds.”

“Are you still reading my memories?”

“Yes, Master. In order to protect you, I have jawhar with you. That is mostly used to keep your memories clear to me, so I am aware of what your changing needs and desires are, and especially your environment and the threats surrounding you as they appear.”

“If I don’t recognize a threat, you are able to do so from my memories?”

“Yes, Master. It is not foolproof, as there are threats I see from your memories that act too swiftly for me to counter this way, as there were also others from my history. However it covers most of the probabilities. I hope that you’ll bring me with you most if not all places, so I can defend you better, but this is better than not defending you at all when I’m not present.

“There is a third form I may take, but it is distinct from my living body, Master. Would you care to see it?”

“I would, Tauriz.”

“Please, take up the sheathe, Master,” she said, offering it to him. He did. “On the statue’s left side Master, you will see there are seven points up and eight points down. Please squeeze the third top point from the front down and the fourth bottom point from the front up.” 

When he did, there was a faint clicking noise, and a two inch wide and half inch high panel hinged out from the front of the sheathe. Looking in, he saw a hint of brass gleaming inside a black pocket of cloth similar to the fabric which wrapped her.

“It will not harm you, Master, please tip the sheathe forwards and take me into your hand.”

He did, and a small brass knife a hair under five inches long slid into his waiting hand. It was not in any historical style he’d seen before, having a hilt with a rounded-edge coffin profile large enough to wrap only three of his fingers around. A ring was the only boundary between hilt and blade, placed on one side of the hilt just below the blade so that the wielder would be wearing the ring when holding it. The edge itself was triangular much like a slightly flattened shark’s tooth only an inch and a half long. 

“If you would like to have it close, Master, please slip your finger into the ring. It will, um, soak? Absorb? Absorb the knife into the ring and you will never need be unarmed again.”

“Will I be able to remove the ring?”

“Yes, Master, but none other will be able to as long as you live. And on your passing, it too along with my rwh will be returned to this sheathe.”

He slid his left index finger into the ring and took the hilt in hand. As soon as he had a solid grip, he felt it squirm, and saw it pull the blade into the ring. A small raised area appeared with a flat surface engraved with an image of a knife of the same style.

“Where did the excess metal go, Tauriz?”

“It has no metal, Master. It is an aspect of my rwh that a great smith drew from me at a prior Master’s behest.”

“Is it painful for you to have this separated from yourself?”

“Master is kind. At first, it was a horrible ache. Over time, the wound made to draw it forth has healed. I do not think I would be able to fully reabsorb it today, Master.”

“I’m sorry to hear of the cruelty of that Master to you.”

“He is long dead, Master. It is no longer a problem, but I thank you for your concern.”

After a brief pause, he asked, “So there’s jawhar with this ring?”

“No, Master. Instead, jawhar link you and I, our rwh, and the aspect of the ring and the knife follow that instead.”

“So jawhar can be used in more than one way, at the same time?”

“Yes, Master. To the best of my knowledge, there’s no true limit to jawhar beyond those the rwh and the mind behind both layer upon it.”

“So it’s as strong as I can believe it will be, in other words?”

“Precisely, Master!”

“As such, and since it’s formed from your rwh, the blade is not limited to that form, is it?”

“Master is insightful.”

“Mmm. Perhaps. 

“Back to the larger picture. We have threats. We have some defenses and offensive capabilities. Sometime soon, you will need to show me more of samum, but first I need to know more of wishes. We have,” he checked his phone, “six hours before I need to leave for another appointment. You will be coming with me, unless there’s something more urgent that you need to accomplish?”

“No, Master, I’d be happy to join you, if it’s appropriate.”

“It is. We’ll need to get you different clothing and documentation before we go, though. I do not expect interruptions today, as this university is on break right now and students and staff are both notorious at their ability to escape these halls when given the slightest chance. 

“If there are interruptions, I may ask you to step through that door. If so, please wait patiently -- it’s a small break room I share with the professor who is assigned the next office. That other office is currently empty, the professor who had used it moved to the other coast for a job they thought they’d prefer.

“Hypothetical wish question -- were I to wish for clothing so you’d blend in better to modern society, you’d be able to grant that as it’s camouflage against potential foes?”

“Phrased like that I could believe it has a purpose with regards to conflict, so yes, Master, I could.” 

“Wonderful, one less challenge.” He thought briefly and scribbled a couple quick notes. “Would you hypothetically be able to fulfill a wish that you to be able to camouflage yourself at will to appear like a modern human, to include makeup, hairstyle, comfortable and stylish clothing, footwear, and appropriate accessories to include but not limited to a legal drivers’ license fully registered in the state and federal databases in such a way as to not alert anyone monitoring those databases or other relevant systems?”

“Yes, Master, I could fill that wish.”

“Then, Tauriz, I wish you be able to camouflage yourself at will to look like a modern human, to include makeup, hairstyle, comfortable and stylish clothing, footwear, and appropriate accessories to include but not limited to a legal drivers’ license fully registered in the state and federal databases in such a way as to not alert anyone monitoring those databases or other relevant systems.” He checked off his scribbles as he spoke the wish. 

A small brassy cloud appeared and disappeared in a blink. Tauriz was now wearing sandals, grey leggings and a blue spaghetti-strap sheath dress. She reached into the backpack that had appeared leaning against her and pulled out a drivers’ license made out to Tauriz Aoud. “I used your address for now, Master, if that’s acceptable?”

“It is, my dear -- you’ll be living with me, after all. Now, can you write out the list of wishes I asked for while answering questions? It’s OK if you can’t, but if you could it would be a time savings.”

“I can, Master, but I don’t see any quills?”

“We have not used quills in a long time save for ornamental, symbolic or similar reasons. Instead we have these -- pens. I think you’ll be pleased how well pens work compared to quills.”

And she was.

Chapter 6

As Tauriz filled in line after line on a legal pad, they continued their discussion.

“So. Wishes.”

“Yes, Master. Wishes.”

“What do I need to know about them, Tauriz?”
