 Author's Note - Please read from Chapter 1 to make sense of this. This is not a quick stroke story. There will be sexy-times, but they will only happen as the story's pace dictates, and that won't start quick.

All characters participating in sexual activities are 18 or older.

*****

Chapter 12

Ray drove them to his condo. This late at night, the city was much quieter. It wasn't quite as bad as a small town that 'rolled up the sidewalks' each night, but it was nearly deserted. Tauriz still was watching everything with the pleasure of discovery. 

He frowned a little as he realized he'd gathered her emotional state from her without thinking. The nature of the Hinn was addictive in its ease of gathering information, worse than any smartphone or search engine. Those took some minor effort, whereas Hinn just took the slightest hint of attention. 

Pulling into the parking garage and his assigned slot, they got out and walked to the elevator, the first one Tauriz had ever ridden. He was amazed how much of a big deal it was for her, and her joy bubbled over to affect him as well. He could feel her constantly drawing more information from him, pulling in his incomplete understanding of how a button could move a room up and down. She was shocked that she could understand so much of it - she knew of pulleys and ropes, this was just another variant on that technology - but how the information flew through wires was a mystery to her and his very rudimentary understanding of electronics wasn't up to the task.

Deliberately, Ray drew on Tauriz, looking for foods she particularly enjoyed. He was surprised, she didn't have any. She was as happy eating half-spoiled raw meat as she was eating delicate pastries or fresh, ripe fruit. Digging deeper, Ray was saddened at the depths she'd been driven to in her past to cause this, as not all of her Masters had cared to keep her in good health. Some seemed to have deliberately been happy to ensure her sickness and weakness, an attitude that disgusted and angered him. 

Tauriz felt the strong emotions and quickly realized the reason why. She came over and gently laid a hand on his arm, turning him to meet her eyes. "That's in the past, Ray my Master. That's over. We're here now. I have far too much history to allow it to drive me, that way leads to nothing pleasant, nothing useful. So, instead, let's see what foods I can come to enjoy with you."

Taking a deep breath to try to leave the emotion behind, Ray nodded. Picking up his cell, he called in an order for a Chinese meal with several small portions of different favorite dishes of his. Tauriz showered first and came out wearing the black silk tube she'd first appeared in as she dried her very long hair now it was taken out of her braid. 

He showed her the money he'd put out for the delivery in case they arrived while he was in the shower and went to clean up. Of course they did show then, but Tauriz was more than capable of this novel task and had no problems with it. The hardest part for her was to resist bartering with the delivery girl. Ray came back out barefoot in a pair of sweat pants and a plain grey t shirt to find her with her hair tucked up in a messy kind of bun, opening the various packages and sampling the different tastes. 

She was definitely enjoying the food, except for the ginger-heavy dishes - something about that taste wasn't to her liking. The rest she devoured happily, and Ray joined in with her. He pulled out a tablet computer and shared his knowledge of its use with her, letting her access the internet and pull in more information that he didn't have. 

He half followed along with her activities as she retrieved scattered information, from electronics to linguistics, from economic theory to haute cuisine, meteorology to mathematics. Each piece could be felt settling into a gestalt, expanding her knowledge segment by segment, reaching to some unstated goal he didn't feel right digging for.

While she accessed the world's learning, he handled the mail (ads, ads, bills and ads), his email (more ads), and skimmed summaries of recently published research in his field. He made note of several that he intended to review in more detail later, but didn't spend the time yet to do so.

He felt a pleased surprise come over Tauriz and looked over. She was now manipulating the tablet via samum, and it flew through the sites she directed it to. She looked up and smiled happily at him, and he could feel their knowledge expanding with every page visited.

Ray took a moment to dig into some of the sites she'd accessed and found some questionable information. He pointed it out to her and explained the concern - on the internet, everyone's an expert, even if that ends up being an expert buffoon. Her eyebrow quirked (for all the world like the most famous half-Vulcan), and he felt her setting up checks across all the information she was pulling in looking for signs of dissent or falseness. 

He pointed her at an introductory course on Java programming and another that introduced python to new programmers. He explained in Hinn without words that this allowed her to leverage the strengths of computers to assist with information gathering and management, but also pointed out some of the weaknesses that automated systems brought into the mix as well. 

She inhaled the information and she knew how to program almost instantly. She compared and contrasted her knowledge with that which he'd gathered over the years of his intermittent interest from his roleplaying preferences. The two different takes revealed benefits to each approach which she was able to quickly gather into a composite knowledge structure that she shared back with him. 

His fumble-fingered approach instantly improved dramatically, even as his lessons learned helped arm her with ideas and architectures that would make starting from scratch much easier.

Putting the few leftovers into containers and the containers into the fridge, he opened his mind to her and queried where she wished to sleep. She drew from him, and understood the immediate question and the context behind it. 

She came over to hug him and stared into his eyes, stating "With you, Master. However you wish it to be."

Her pure acceptance was still completely overwhelming. He still had his human history, and she had her Hinn and genie history. The conflict was clear to both of them, but she had no concerns about the issue - he was her Master, and she would happily accept whatever he offered, however and whenever it was offered. On top of that, they were Hinn, and they were sharing and caring and growing ever closer.

He felt strongly that it would be abusing her trust to push her, even though he felt her joy in her submission. She wouldn't push, she'd just accept, and if he wished to change things it would be on him to do so. 

He decided that, tonight, they'd just sleep. Tomorrow would be another day, and they had many more days together to figure this out.

Lifting her in a bridal carry made her smile, and then he saw the smile freeze. Feeling through Hinn he realized she just learned the name of the carry, and how it was stereotypically used. Hugging her close, he just let his growing love for her out into Hinn and carried her off to their bed.

As painful as the transformation had been, he wouldn't change it for the world now.

Chapter 13

The next morning Ray woke with a nude Tauriz spooning in front of him, tucked in warm and close. Her head rested on his left arm, his right wrapped over her hip to rest on her lower belly. Her hair smelled wonderful, a faint hint of her brass, honey, bread and cream aroma just barely detectable. Embarrassingly, he realized he had morning wood for the first time in more years than he could easily recall. 

As she sensed him wake, she rolled over onto her back and smiled up at him. "Good morning, Master."

"Good morning, Tauriz. Did you sleep well?"

"I rested well. Having you hold me all night was wonderful, thank you Master."

Hugging her gently, he said, "You feel wonderful in my arms, Tauriz. Absolutely wonderful. But - what happened to our clothes?" The hand resting on her lower belly started to gently caress her warm, soft skin. How could he not?

"They are folded over by the door, Master. They were in the way. I hope it is not a problem?"

"A little surprising, but no, not a problem. We're together for a long time, my dear. I'd prefer if you had asked, but it's OK - partnership, not domination."

"Thank you, Master. I appreciate your kindness so much."

"I can feel it, my dear. It's OK, you deserve all of it and more."

She might have blushed - it was hard to tell with her skin tone - but her happy smile couldn't have hidden in a cloud bank - the clouds would have been blown asunder from the brilliant radiance of that smile.

He took a moment and felt for her. She knew what he was doing and assisted him, expanding on her feelings for his awareness. She added richness and complexity, the whys and hows and whens that helped understand what was going on - basically opening everything she was, all that she felt to him. 

Slowly, Ray was becoming acclimatized to this gently relentless flood of information. He became intimately aware of all of her - her hope for the relationship that was growing, both the relationship and the hopes she held for where it may end up going. He knew her utter fearlessness and all but blind trust in him. Her determination to protect him and their relationship from any and all threats, including from her own potential errors. Her uncertainty regarding his catchphrase of partnership not slavery, trying to understand how it could be, how it could come to be in the fullness of time. Her pleased, half-stunned surprise at all of these tremendous changes in her life.

He stretched a little deeper, looking for what she was drawing from him. She was paying attention to all that he perceived, not just for defense but also to learn about his needs, his wants. She was feeling more than a little overwhelmed from his deep attention on her, something she had almost never felt since her enslavement, and never in a positive way as this was. She watched his lust hopefully - she was more than willing to accept anything, but oh she wanted more - she could handle much worse but the unmet feelings left her almost painfully needy. 

Sensing him discover this, he felt her embarrassment spike hugely. He offered comfort - it wasn't something he felt she should be embarrassed about in the least. He was happy to have found it - it let him know that Hinn were close to human in their needs and wants for all their differences. And it helped him understand more about their relationship, something he greatly desired. 

He shared his goals, his motivations directly with her, opening up even the ones he barely acknowledged to himself that he had. He wished to grow their relationship, to help it, to nurture it, to discover where jointly they would end up. Knowing her desires beyond the blanket acceptance she had given him up until now helped him immensely in this goal. He was clear with her - from his experience, not all desires meshed well, but those that did were great foundations to build a relationship on. 

She shared some of her oldest, most precious, deeply private memories, from well before her enslavement. She'd had a lover, a partner, someone who had mattered more to her than her next breath and who had felt the same way. She shared that they had initially had many commonalities as well as significant differences in some areas. Over time the differences faded. She picked up some of his desires, he let others of his fall by the wayside, and vice versa. Over time, with love and care and a radical openness he couldn't imagine humans could understand - he could barely begin to grasp it and he was actively part of it! - the partnership became closer, smoothing away weakness and augmenting strength, turning occasional differences into yet more strengths, until the whole was amazing.

Ray now had a new goal, and a strong determination to reach it in due time - he wanted that with Tauriz. Wanted it badly. Tauriz teared up and held him close, sharing her equivalent desire. If anything, she wanted it more than he did, something that shocked him - he couldn't but believe it, but the strength of her emotions kept astounding him. 

Instead of her emotions dulling over time and repetition, it seemed like they were burnished, sharpened by use and the ages. It went against his own experience, having had the blunt edges repaired the previous day by Tauriz' gentle touch, but the opposite was very real for her. He wondered if the openness might lead to that. He made a mental note to check in a century or so.

Putting aside the trivialities, Ray leaned forward the little bit he needed to and softly kissed Tauriz' lips. The anticipation he felt from both of them as he leaned forward was heady, but nothing compared to the flood of overwhelmingly powerful emotion loosed on them as they touched.

Tauriz' mind blossomed within the Hinn. He realized with a minute fraction of all that he was that she'd been holding back, worried about a new Master's peculiarities and seeming unwillingness to commit to what his heart clamored for. Recognizing the kiss for the symbolic commitment he meant, she returned the commitment. 

Nothing, but nothing, shares more than Hinn in love.

He felt her connect to so many different parts of his own personality, his own physicality, his own hopes and fears and idiosyncrasies and... And everything. Almost every part of him had an equivalent or attractive opposite somewhere in the amazing depths of Tauriz. 

He felt a little sad that the opposite wasn't true. There were vast segments of Tauriz that had no equivalence in him. She wasn't worried - she was convinced beyond the slightest doubt that they'd merge those areas, they had plenty of connections and they'd grow from those to be ever stronger.

Ray hoped that she would help him grow rather than truncate parts of herself, and gently requested that of her. Her heart hiccupped in joy, and she agreed that they'd try that first, and second, and fifteenth if need be - only when both were convinced that it couldn't happen would she allow portions to fade. He felt her contentment, a feline on a warm lap with a loving hand attending her every need only more so - a feline consciously sharing her needs, recognizing her mate's needs, and helping attend both. 

All this happened in a fraction of a second, just long enough for both of them to feel their lips touch for the first time since they'd opened to each other so radically.

Both of them leaned into the kiss, deepening the openness. Ray felt himself letting her inside every private thought, dream, nightmare, lusty random thought - everything. She'd gone further and simply banished the concept of privacy from her own mind as far as he was concerned, but she wasn't at all worried about him. She knew he'd grow, and improve, and that he was still dealing with a whole lifetime of human thoughts and expectations.

Ray gently tickled her lips with the tip of his tongue and she opened her mouth at the lightest brush. Their kiss became more passionate, more vulgar, more fulfilling. Their tongues wrestled and caressed back and forth, enjoying the experience.

Ray hadn't realized he'd closed his eyes at this point. He didn't need them open, he knew everything that was going on between them. He felt her desire and granted it, pulling her closer with the arm under her head, caressing her long, lean side with his other palm. 

She squirmed a little as tiny sparks of pleasure ignited randomly as he touched her. She expected to stay still, as she'd been trained to so many times over so many years, then felt his desire and happily granted it. Her hand came up to cup his neck, gently kneading the muscular flesh and holding him over her. She twisted a little more towards him, sliding her left thigh up and over his hip, calf dropping down behind his legs. Both shivered at the skin-on-skin contact and the sensory feedback - him feeling her feeling him feeling her, round and round and building on each other with every cycle.

She pulled him closer still until he was half on top of her, her calf caressing the backs of his thighs, his ass, his knees. The contrast between her blemish-free, hairless skin and his rougher, somewhat hairy hide enflamed both of them.

"Please, Master - make me yours," she whispered. Neither was sure if she said it aloud or via Hinn, and it didn't matter. His morning wood was now forged steel, pressing firmly against her thigh trapped beneath his weight. He shifted over further, completely on top of her now. Both her legs came up and caressed everything they could, and both her arms wrapped around him, lifting her up and grinding against him from clavicle to mid-thigh. 

Reaching back, he hooked his elbows under her knees and lifted her legs higher and spread them wider, having seen the memory of her enjoyment of that position and knowing how much he enjoyed it too. Her left arm slid a little further up and around, hooking the elbow behind his neck. This freed her right hand to slide down and take him in hand. He was too close to line up for entry, so instead she pressed him against her lips and began to rock up and down, dragging her moist lips along the bottom of his hard cock.

Feeling the wetness and her incandescent need, he ground in time with her actions. Thrusting up and retracting, dragging back down the full length of her lips, only to repeat the action. He moaned into her mouth, the physical sensation awesome but nothing compared to the shared sensations growing between them. 

Stretching his hips back further as she thrust up against him, he managed to get his cock to the right height so the bulbous head just tickled at the entrance to her wet, tight quim. They both gasped as she pressed down on his cockhead, wedging the first fraction of an inch inside her. Pressing back up, he felt himself squeezing into a hot, wet heaven that throbbed urgently around him, all but yanking him in deeper, faster, harder.

Giving in to the need, he thrust hard and rough into her aching void. His fleeting, unspoken wish, that they be physically perfect for each others' sexual needs, was denied with great regret on both sides, but they really didn't need it - they were driving each other off the cliffs of sanity with what they already had. 

And then they both orgasmed. It was so far beyond Ray's experience he really wasn't sure what was going on at first, but her knowledge filled in the gap and they reveled in the shared joy even as the world left them for a while.

Some time passed, they had no idea how long, before they returned to their bodies. Neither were winded or sore, but both were sated for the moment. The physical aspects were important, but the emotional and intellectual and spiritual levels were more so, and those were so far beyond Ray's previous understanding of what might happen he knew he'd never be fully satisfied again without that degree of sharing. 

It just made him look forward to the next time with Tauriz all the more.

It was into this perfect moment that the new voice echoed weakly in the back of his mind. "Hinn? How are Hinn walking this forsaken soil again?"