 Becca and I had a good thing going. We had been dating for about a year, and I still got excited every time I saw her naked. Her parents liked me, her mom even dropping not so subtle hints about rings being excellent Christmas presents. They even left us in charge for her sister Stacey's 18th birthday party. "Nothing too wild, just nothing we need to know the details about." 

I was more than happy to provide the booze for Stacey's party. Becca was always in the mood when she drank. I set up the tunes, making sure not to let too many Christmas songs into the mix. Stacey hated having a birthday so close to the holidays. I had to laugh to myself as some high school classmate of Stacey's was trying to pick up Becca. She played along some, then challenged him to a drinking game. If he won, she would let him grope her tits. If she won, he would have to kiss his friend. My girl hasn't the Tri Zeta beer pong captain for nothing, and the poor guy never stood a chance. He left humiliated, defeated, and puking into his friend's mouth when he tried to pay off the bet.

It wasn't long after he left that Becca leaned in to me. "I'm so wasted, Babe. I'm going to go lie down. Wake me up when you're done with the clean up. I've got an early Christmas present for you." The price of victory, and Becca had been hinting I might be getting some back door action. The night was going better than I had hoped.

Stacey helped with the clean up, after the last of her friends had departed. "I really wanted to thank you for this, Brad. This was a great birthday." 

"Oh, sure. It was my pleasure..." I was cut off as Stacey suddenly kissed me. Her breath was sweet from peppermint schnapps, and her hands pulled my body against hers. I lingered for just a moment before pulling away. "Mistletoe, silly" she said with a giggle. I looked up, and sure enough we were right under some. 

"Alright, birthday girl. I think you need to get to bed." 

"I suppose you're right. Care to join me?" She placed her hand on my rapidly hardening crotch and kissed me again, deeper this time.

"Stacey, what are you doing? We can't do this..." Her aggression really took me by surprise, but not in a way I didn't enjoy.

"Sure we can Brad. Becca's passed out. And I've been listening to the two of you fuck so much, I know how you like it." She undid my belt and started playing with my cock. "I'm tired of boys. I want a man who can make me scream like Becca does. And you know you want my tight little pussy. " She pulled my pants down, then dropped to her knees as she freed my cock. "You seem to like it when she does this." She opened wide and started sucking on my raging hard on.

"Oh, god, Stacey. That feels so good. But we can't..." She didn't believe my protests, and at this point, neither did I. Fuck it, I'm only human, I decided. I pulled her top off, and she stopped sucking my cock long enough to let it free so I could see her tits. She rubbed them along the length of my shaft before standing up and stepping out of her skirt. I kissed her deeply, and pushed her on to the couch. I pulled down her panties, and started to devour her pussy. Her slit was so wet, and she began to moan as soon as my tongue parted her lips. I licked and started to finger her, marveling at how well she responded to my touch. She bucked and moaned, grabbing my head and ordering "Fuck me Brad."

She rolled up on her knees, and leaned forward. My dick filled her instantly. Oh sweet sin, her cunt was so hot and wet. I grabbed her hips and began to fuck her. "Oh yes, fuck me Brad. Fuck me hard." And fuck her I did. I pounded that young pussy for all I was worth. This had to be a one time only thing, but damn was it a good one time. 

"Oh, fuck, Stacey. I'm going to cum. I'm going to fill your pussy with my seed. Oh fuck..." I shot my load deep in her, pushing my cock even farther as she came with me.

"Brad, what the fuck?" suddenly I snapped back to reality as a very naked, and very angry looking, Becca stood next to us.

"Like that sis. Your boyfriend just shot a hot sticky load all inside your baby sister. God that was good."

"It's not what it seems, Becca."

"Not what it seems? You didn't just fuck my drunk 18 year old slut of a sister? Get out. Get the fuck out of my house. I never want to see your face again. And just you wait until I tell the Tri Zetas what you did. You won't be able to find another pussy for 100 miles."

I grabbed my clothes and ran home. Fuck, what just happened? Did I really just fuck my girlfriend's sister? Then my phone started pinging. "Asshole." "Dick." "You're lucky we don't call the police." Fuck, Becca made good on her word quickly. I decided to just crash at the frat house, and let this blow over.

Blow over it did not. My frat brother Matt, a med student, woke me up. "What the fuck did you do, dude? At least three of your brothers are being cock blocked if they don't renounce you."

"Shit, Matt. Stacey grabbed my cock last night, and wouldn't let go until I fucked her. It was all her idea, but Becca wouldn't even listen. I tried to stop her, but you ever tell a girl no when she has your dick in her mouth?"

"That's rough, bro. We have your back, but you can't be seen here right now. My parents went skiing for the holiday, why don't you crash with me there? I don't have a girlfriend to cockblock me,"

That day, I was destroyed on social media. Becca's page was full of hate, and I got spammed with more of the same. I went from about to take Becca's ass to becoming public enemy number one in a single night. So, like any reasonable college student, I started drinking. Matt and a few friends who wouldn't get in trouble with their girls came over, and we drank. It was right before Christmas, so we made a batch of eggnog, and got shit faced. We talked about family traditions, and I decided to write a letter to Santa. Matt even found crayons for me to do it in.

"Dear Santa,

I know I've been naughty. But I could really use a new vagina.

Pretty please

Brad."

I put in an envelop marked North Pole, and passed out under the Christmas tree.

I woke up to the jingle of bells. I opened one eye and saw black boots, and red fur.

"Santa?" I asked groggily, and very out of it.

"Who else, Bradley? You were a very naughty boy, but your letter touched my heart. I have given you what you asked for."

"Really? Oh, I feel strange. Where is she?"

"She? I don't do slavery Brad. But you asked for a vagina. So now you have one."

In disbelief, I reached my hands down my pants, and found nothing. I panicked and began searching around. A finger probed inside me, and I felt wet. I ripped my pants off and looked in disbelief. Fuck, I had a pussy. A wet pussy where my cock used to be. 

"Santa, this isn't what I had in mind. I was thinking I could put my cock in one. Not have one. Mmm, but that does feel good." I didn't even realize I was fingering my own pussy as I talked. I felt up and down the lips, and nestled on my clit. Fuck I was getting horny. Really horny, I started to rub in circles on my clit. "Oh, God, Santa. Why am I so horny. Why do I want your cock?" 

"Ho, Ho, Ho," he chuckled, and obliged me by pulling it out. I immediately started licking and sucking his large cock. I couldn't stop fingering myself and I bobbed up and down on his shaft. I felt my pussy start to convulse, and Santa's hand came to the back of my head as he shot his load into my mouth. It tasted like eggnog, and I sucked it down hungrily. He laughed and faded out of view. I fingered myself twice more before I passed back out.

I woke up thinking about the crazy dream I had had. Man, I need to lay off the eggnog. I walked into the bathroom to pee and sat down. I reached over for the toilet paper to clean up with when suddenly it dawned on me, i was peeing like a girl. What the hell? It wasn't a dream? I touched myself again, shocked more than horny this time. Just exploring myself. This couldn't be real. 

I ran up to Matt's bedroom, and woke him up. "Matt. You gotta help me. You're pre-med. Tell me I am hallucinating?"

"Who, Brad, slow down. What's going on?"

I had no words, so I just dropped my pants and showed him my pussy.

"What the hell? Is this some kind of trick?" I shook my head no. "Lay down, let me look at that."

Nervously, I laid down as Matt inspected my pussy. "Labia major, labia minor, clitoris, urethra..." Matt poked and prodded and I started getting horny. "It's a real pussy you got there Brad. And you're getting soaked, and it smells of peppermint." He stuck a finger gently in me, and tasted my fluids. "Definitely peppermint."

"Fuck me Matt. I'm not gay, you're not gay, but you have a cock and I have a pussy, and it needs filled. Oh, god, I need cock. And no kissing, just fuck me." I couldn't believe what I was saying, but it was all true. Matt pulled down his boxers, and I reached for his cock. It was soft at first, but I stroked it hard quickly. It felt so big and hot in my hands. As soon as he was ready, Matt mounted me. There was a sharp pain as he entered, but it felt so good. Slow and steady, he started to build me up. I was completely enthralled by that invading member. I babbled inanely, begging for more. If I still had a dick, I might have been jealous of Matt's. But it filled me so well, and I felt him getting close.

"You like my hot cunt, Matt? Fuck me, oh cum in my slit. Oh you feel so good. I want your cum...shit shit, not in my pussy." But it was too late. Matt thrust deep into me, gobs of hot sticky cum filling me as I convulsed against him. "Fuck, can I get pregnant?" 

"Well, I don't know. I could take you over to the ultrasound and see if you have ovaries and everything. But your pussy works great."

"Matt, what the fuck am I going to do? I can't just have a pussy forever, can I? That shit doesn't happen."

"This is way beyond me, Brad. But we don't need to tell anyone. We can figure this out. Go get a shower, wash my cum out, and I'll make us breakfast."

It was all too much. I grabbed a cup of the eggnog and slammed it before showering. No need to be completely sober when your dick magically turned into a pussy overnight.

The water felt good on my sore slit. Matt's cock was thick, and I felt stretched out, but in a good sort of way. I started washing my hair, then turned the spray under my tits. And I sat there for a moment, half covered in suds, when it dawned on me. I had tits now. Large, firm, definitely suckable tits. I wrapped myself in a towel and looked in a mirror. That was me. Only, that wasn't me. It was a decidedly beautiful woman staring back at me. I pinched each nipple, and they stood at attention. 

I raced down stairs to where Matt was making breakfast. "Ummm..."

"Shit, Matt, it's me. Whatever started with my cock took all of me. Oh my god, I'm a chick. What the..." and I lost it, started to cry. Matt pulled me in close, soothing me. 

"You're still my frat brother, Brad. I got you."

I calmed down and sat down to breakfast. I barely ate, even though it tasted good. Even my stomach had shrunk in my transformation.

"Tell you what, Brad. Why don't I go buy you some clothes, so we can get you over to the lab and I can start trying to figure this out."

Brad left, and I was alone in the house. I drank some more, just keeping reality away a little bit. I checked myself out in the mirror some more. Long dark hair, full pouty lips. and a firm little ass. Santa certainly knew how to build 'em. 

I wandered into his parents room, and found his mother's make-up. I started playing with it, and I put it on as if I had 1000 times before. It was like muscle memory, and I liked the way I looked. Under the bed, I found her vibrator. It was a tiny little clit stimulator. It buzzed in my hand, and then I lay back and pressed it in to me. 

Electricity shot through my body as it buzzed. I couldn't stand it, it was so intense, but I couldn't take it away. I started moaning, and I came so hard I passed out, towel spread open and the cool breeze from the ceiling fan feeling wonderful on my hard nipples.

I don't know how long Matt was gone, but he woke me gently. "I wasn't sure on your size, so I got a couple of things." He looked away, blushing.

I covered up and he dropped the bags, and left the room. He hadn't just gotten different sizes. I could dress conservative to slutty, and the matching lace bra and panty sets were super cute. Getting dressed in women's clothes, just like putting the make up on, seemed to be a natural reflex for me. I was a little damp looking at myself in the mirror, especially as I put the pantyhose on. I decided a nice sweater with a keyhole to show off a little cleavage and a mid length skirt seemed right. I wanted to look good, but I didn't want too much attention. 

I flounced down to Matt. "How do I look?" Matt smiled as he saw me. "You look great. If I didn't know you were Brad, I'd try to ask you out on a date then mess it up." I laughed.

"Well, you can't call me Brad looking like this. It's Christmas time, how about Holly? That feels right."

"Ok, Holly. You ready to go to the lab?"

"Sure think, Matt. You're going to have to drive, I don't have a licence that matches this face. Or these tits." I pushed them up at Matt, and he grinned and blushed. He looked really cute when he got flustered.

In the lab, Matt was all business. the ultrasound revealed I did indeed have ovaries and a uterus. I was a woman to every test. It was a lot to take in. Matt took his time examining my breasts, and I caught his gaze. He leaned in and kissed me, and I opened my mouth to let him in. Our tongues were dancing and I was getting wet.

I broke our kiss, and he started sucking on my nipples. God, it felt so good. I felt his erection against me, and I needed it inside me. I layed down on the exam table, and Matt's fingers began playing inside my pussy. I pushed his head down, and he looked up, nodded, and started licking my clit. it ached and stood up. I moaned as his tongue probed into me, then it went back to my clit as Matt started fingering me deeply. I grabbed his hair and gasped, moaning louder and louder as I felt my orgasm building. I came against his face, in awe of his talents.

I unsteadily stood up, and grabbed his straining, leaking cock through his jeans. "Matt, did you bring anything to drink? I want your cum in me, but since we don't know if I can get pregnant, I want you to fuck my ass. I want that big hard rod in my ass."

Matt poured me eggnog from the thermos. "You seem to really be enjoying it, so I came prepared." I downed it thirstily. "Tastes just like Santa's cum."

I don't even think Matt heard me as he pulled his pants down. His cock was throbbing, and I leaned forward, lifting my skirt for him. "God, you are hot, Holly." It felt weird to hear him call me that, but exciting, too. He rubbed some lube around my tight asshole, and I relaxed and pushed against his fingers, letting him probe me until I was slick and ready. His cockhead felt huge as he nestled it against me, and he grabbed my hips. I purred in anticipation, and Matt's cock slid up inside my ass. He started slowly, and I moaned as he stretched me out. I urged him faster, and he started to really slam inside me. I reached down and rubbed my clit, and Matt fucked me faster and faster. "That's it, Matt. Own my ass. Your dick is so big. Cum in my ass. Fuck my slutty ass, you stud. I'm going to cum with your dick so deep in me." I couldn't stop the torrent of dirty talk coming out of my mouth, but Matt seemed to really like it. I felt him tense, then he let out a long groan as I felt his cum coat my insides. It was too much, and I came again, convulsing on his invading cock. He held it there, as I twitched and gasped. He ground it deep in me once more before pulling it back. 

"God, it's so crazy Matt. I thought I was going to get anal with Becca just a few nights ago, and now I've got your cum leaking out of my ass." I smiled, and kissed him again. I felt so good as he just held me a moment. My sweater was God only knows where, my nipples standing up in the cold lab. I had a little more eggnog as Matt cleaned himself up, when the door opened suddenly. We both turned our heads as Matt's teacher, Professor Kipling walked in.

"Caught you with a little slut in the lab, eh Matt? Do you know how many health codes and lab violations you just made? Quite the show you put on for me." I gasped as he pointed to the lab's security camera. "You're done Matt. Out of the program, out of the school."

"Oh, please, Professor Kipling. Don't do that! Matt was just doing me a favor, and I was really grateful for him. He's such a good guy, and this was all my fault."

Kipling looked me up and down, and I felt like a piece of meat. "Tell you what. You want to fall on that sword for your boyfriend? Then you come here and fall on my sword, and I'll forget this whole thing ever happened." He pointed to the bulge in his pants.

"Holly, you don't have to do this. I can find another school. We can figure things out."

"This is where we belong, Matt. I made this mess, let me fix this for you. Please." I didn't want Kipling at all, but I couldn't let Matt suffer for my hormones. "All right, Kipling. You repulse me. So let's get this over with. Matt, you don't have to watch. I'm so sorry." Matt ran out of the room, and I prayed he knew what I wanted him to do. I waited a few seconds, and turned to Kipling. "Sex by blackmail. That's really low."

"Oh, it's better than that, slut. You're going to do all the work. I'm just going to lay back on this table, and you're going to ride me." He smiled smugly and pulled his pants down. His cock was long, but thin. He laid down on the table, and I put a condom on him. 

"I'm only fucking that needle dick for Matt." "I don't give a damn if you want to vomit or not, just get on there and ride my cock until I cum." I spread some lube on the condom, goodness knows I wasn't wet at all as I lowered myself onto him. "Like that do you, you sick fuck? Young tight pussy grinding against you." I gripped his cock tight with my pussy, and started bucking faster. He started moaning loudly. "That's right, finish off good and quick. Cum for me, old man. Only way you can get some, isn't it. My pussy's so tight, don't I feel good?" Kipling grunted, and came quickly. I got off him and pulled my sweater back on. "Were you even in, you pathetic fuck? Good thing I have a real man, not just some rapist fuck like you." I glanced at my phone. Message from Matt saying "got it. Sent to the board of directors." Then came another message, from Becca. "I'm sorry babe. we need to talk."

I hurried out of there, and met Matt in his car. He kissed me deeply. "I'm sorry you had to do that, Holly. But I think we nailed him." 

"Good. now tell me what the fuck am I supposed to tell Becca?" 

"Tell her you want to talk in person, at my house. I don't know if Becca is in to chicks, but you still love her, right? She at least needs to know."

"Matt..it's all so complicate. Why are you so sweet?" Matt blushed in that crazy sexy way, and my heart melted. 

Becca agreed to meet the next day. Matt and I spent the rest of the day out on the town. I couldn't keep my eyes off him, and he held my hand everywhere. Guys whistled at me, and I just heaped affection on Matt when they did. I even flashed one of our frat brothers. 

That night, Matt and I made love over and over again. I didn't even touch the eggnog. I wanted to be sober as I enjoyed his cock. I didn't know if this was just how I was now, but damn it felt good, it felt right, to be with him. There was definitely more than just lust fueling him all night long.

I was a nervous wreck as we waited for Becca. I didn't drink, though I wanted to. Instead I changed outfits a dozen times, trying to look perfect. I wasn't sure who I wanted to look good for, though.
